The thing about Ellen and Daniel

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2023-05-22 18:39

Ellen shook Oleksandr’s hand and smiled. She’d promised to help him and his family and whatever was said in this afternoon’s meeting she planned to honour that promise. They’d already endured so much and none of this was their fault. She’d only hoped her words had been translated well enough for him to understand. She was only a charity representative but she was the best he and his family had to get a roof over their heads, a place to call home at last.

Checking her notes briefly Ellen made her way through the crowded dining area of the large cruise ship, past security, and down the long walkway to the car park at the far end of the dock. Turning around briefly as she opened her driver’s door she took one last look at the huge vessel that had been docked in her own city for almost a year now. A contracted cruise ship from abroad brought in to house hundreds of family’s just like Oleksandr’s who came on the promise of a fresh start but found themselves stranded, homeless and lost in a country many had only vaguely heard of before. Refugees of war but now political pawns as the contract for the only place they could call ‘home’ was coming to an end leaving families homeless and lost all over again.

Ellen sighed deeply as she set on her way to the ‘big meeting’ as she’d put it in her diary. As she navigated through the city traffic towards the hotel conference room she thought about the families she’d already helped to find accommodation: A few with sponsors, most with social housing and some with private landlords. The smile on their faces as they unlocked front doors and saw several rooms that they could call home always left her emotional. Places many others from her own country would turn their noses up at had kids dancing with excitement at the thought of having a room of their own. What a privilege it was to play some part in helping them, even if at times the stress made her feel ill.

Ellen parked and took a moment to gather her thoughts. Maybe she should have dressed a bit smarter than her leggings and long flowing top? Should she have tied back her shoulder length wavy brown thick hair to look more business like? It was out of her comfort zone but should she have done it anyway? Would any of that even make a difference? Her mind was a whirr as she locked her car and walked towards the building getting a fright when she heard the quiet voice behind her.

“They really should have these things in office hours don’t you think?”

Ellen smiled before she even turning around. Quiet, unassuming, but hard working Daniel met her gaze as they both continued walking towards the reception. Daniel, as always, was in his dark grey suit with an open at the collar crisp white shirt. His black hair was neatly shaved at the sides but bushier at the top and his dark skin reflected the light from the strong fluorescent strip lights above. He was everything she wasn’t in terms of personality and attire, his voice soft to her loud, his smartness to her comfortable, his unassuming to her abrasiveness, his timidness to her assertiveness. Yet Daniel was one she trusted, one she knew was honest and fair and one who got the job done. His air of authority seemed at odds with his quiet ways but he was respected and respectful and Ellen needed him onside tonight more than ever if she wanted to keep her promise to Oleksandr and his wife and son and the long list of others still living in limbo on the cruise ship.

As they stood patiently at the reception desk Ellen felt there was something different about Daniel tonight. He seemed distracted, nervous, even a little uncomfortable. As he spoke in his usual low tone to sign them in Ellen naughtily couldn’t help having a little sneak peek at his bottom as he leaned over the desk a little. They were friends, sort of colleagues even, but there was no harm in having a bit of fun was there? He was a fit man after all with a very cute derrière which seemed to wiggle slightly as he wrote. He turned and smiled at her as if he somehow knew what she’d done, though his smile was more tense than usual even though his eyes were wide and shining. As Ellen stepped forwards to follow Daniel through towards the meeting room she almost walked right into him as he paused momentarily and glanced around the reception as if looking for someone or something.

The thing about Daniel was he that he only ever spoke up when it was absolutely necessary and Ellen knew that whatever it was he was looking for she’d only ever find out if he deemed it absolutely essential for her to know. Right now that obviously wasn’t the case.

&&

*005*2023-05-22 21:29

The thing about Ellen

Daniel’s phone rang yet again. Despite knowing he had a secretary way too many people felt it was now acceptable to call his work mobile. When those were first given out it was never meant to be like this but like everything things changed slowly and before you knew it the mobile was used far more than the office phone. Daniel slid to connect the call and put the iPhone to his ear.

Today it seemed everyone wanted a piece of him and this call was no exception. For the last hour now at least, and for weeks before too, thought to a lesser extent, everything was all about the ship. It was like that thing had miraculously reappeared from nowhere despite being the biggest cruise ship ever to be in the city and the first time ever one had been used to house refugees from a war. The last year for Daniel had been all about the 1300 people who suddenly needed accommodation now despite an acute shortage of properties available and a long list of people already in need before the refugees even arrived. Now suddenly it was like a hot potato and the press were publishing stories with a countdown to the contract ending and Daniel was being pressurised from every direction. He wasn’t the only housing officer for the city but the dock happened to be in the postcode he was allocated and therefore he was deemed the man of the moment.

If there’s one thing Daniel hated more than anything it was attention. Well attention from the wrong people anyway. Attention from a certain person was different, in fact attention from her was always the highlight of his day, but unfortunately this call wasn’t from Ellen Hemmingdale so Daniel continued with the call professionally and respectfully as he always did, discussing the issues of finding emergency accommodation for the 130 or so people still on board the cruise before the vessel sailed out of port. Councillors and politicians rarely understood the realities of his job but now more than ever explaining to them the finite available options verses the practicalities of the numbers and complexities of needs felt like trying to explain brain surgery to a two year old.

By the end of the call Daniel had paced the room at least twenty times. He sat down on his office chair and drank the remains of his iced water. The ice had long melted but at least the glass was still cold and the water still very much drinkable. Placing the empty glass back down Daniel crossed his ankles under his table. His mouth was so dry after the phone call but drinking that glass was otherwise the worst thing he could have done ever. He always finished sharp at 5pm. Always. He always drove home the same way and arrived home no later than 5:30. He always parked the car in the garage behind the house and always had to race inside via the back door and straight to the downstairs toilet.

Daniel needed privacy and living alone was perfect for that. Ever since starting high school and realising that there was always other boys in the toilets smoking, laughing, talking and carrying on Daniel had hated public toilets of any sort. The very thought of someone else hearing him urinate made him shudder. It only came a close second to having someone know he had to pee. That was so embarrassing and unnecessary. To Daniel it seemed an infringement, a sense of vulnerability he hated and so unprofessional. He was paid to work and breaks were used to eat and drink and catch up on things not stand in front of or sit on a toilet where others might see or hear you. So what if he came home absolutely bursting or spent the drive from the office or wherever clutching himself and fidgeting for dear life. As long as he was alone in his car or house that was fine. Just never, ever, in company.

Today was going to be much more of a problem though. He’d tried emailing all the relevant information ahead to the government representative. He’d outlined everything over and over by phone and he’d even tried getting his secretary to say he was busy, but nothing had worked and now Daniel felt overwhelming pressure to attend in person even though it was at 5:30pm when he would usually be home and relaxing (in more ways that one!). Daniel pushed the glass further away annoyed at himself now for drinking more when he had vowed to drink much less today in the hope he could manage his bodily needs longer than normal. He already felt a need to go and it was only 4:30.

By the time Daniel was in his car and heading to the hotel his bladder was so full his suit trousers felt tight around his waist. Daniel loosened his seatbelt to try and get comfortable and wriggled in the seat. He should have been minutes from home right now and his bladder knew it. The only thing keeping him going was the knowledge that Ellen Hemmingdale would be there. It was the sort of meeting she relished and thrived on. For her seeing the people who held the purse strings and who had real power was the greatest opportunity to get her causes known. She was a fighter for the cause for sure, an outgoing, feisty woman with the curviest most beautiful body and the personality to match.

Except he didn’t for a moment think she might ever seem interested in him. Who would be interested in stuffy, quiet, introverted Daniel who couldn’t even meet his own bodily needs for fear of embarrassment?

The thing about Ellen was she was out of his league and not someone who seemed to need a man in her life to complete her. No Ellen was self sufficient and though she always seemed happy to be working with him Daniel assumed this was simply professional and the fact he would do anything to help her. He’d move mountains for her if he could, but confide a secret in her? Now that was way too risky a matter indeed.

At least she was the first person he saw on arrival. That was one relief. Now to manage to hold back the other relief until the end of the meeting and the drive back home. Just bending over to sign in was hard enough let alone sitting through a long intense meeting full of politicians, councillors and colleagues like Ellen. Daniel smiled politely at Ellen as he stood back up before having a brief check of the reception area for a single cubicle private toilet he might need in an emergency. Not that he would ever dream of walking out such an important meeting. Since there wasn’t any visible toilet anyway that choice was not even an option any more anyway.

*008*2023-05-23 15:02

The thing about sitting next to Daniel

Ellen followed behind Daniel into the large conference room where a number of other key people were already waiting. There were still 6 or 7 vacant seats but it seemed fitting and sensible that when Daniel pulled out a chair for himself that she would automatically sit beside him.

A few heads nodded in their direction but otherwise the room was hushed and the atmosphere tense. Ellen pulled out her iPad mini from her bag and placed it on the boardroom table. A number of families and clients from the ship had agreed to her taking photos of them to use as necessary in their desperate hope of securing somewhere to live. Many, if not all, had had numerous photos taken already on their journey so far and it always made Ellen wince thinking how vulnerable every single one of those refugees were.

They trusted her and expected so much and while she tried to be realistic their panic and desperation always cut deep to her soul. ‘But for the grace of God go I’ always repeated in her head daily and pushed her to do more, be more, and want more. Her plan tonight was simply to attempt to cut through the bureaucracy and political agendas to the humanity within those in the room, though looking around right now she wasn’t sure how affective that plan might be. The solemn faces and stern eyes and official badges screamed anything but human kindness and grace.

Ellen looked through her photos and notes silently, all the time conscious of a soft shuffling beside her and a light tapping of someone’s foot close by. Swiping her iPad to get back to the home page quickly she looked up as a stern male voice commenced the meeting by making a formal welcome and quick introduction of everyone not by looking at them but by simply reading a list of names and positions from a screen. Not for the first time did Ellen find herself the only female in the room. She refused to be intimidated. There was too much at stake tonight.

After a very quick, but just as formal, background to why the meeting was taking place with references to things like ‘contractual obligation’, ‘legal duties’, ‘timely outcome’ and ending with ‘urgent operation’ Ellen felt like screaming already. Daniel seemed uncomfortable too as he changed position as if silently protesting at the impersonal nature of the whole affair too. Of course she already knew he wouldn’t speak up at such a moment but in private she knew none of those tones rang true for him.

Time dragged on as the next person, some other government representative of high esteem, outlined the background to the whole ‘problem’ with undertones of ‘things should never have got to this point ‘ and ‘someone is at fault here but it’s not us.’ That’s when Ellen noticed Daniel squirm even more. Had he already had dealing with this individual? Was he about to be steam rolled in the meeting in front of everyone? Instinctively Ellen felt protective of her workmate and under the huge heavy boardroom table she slid her hand onto his thigh and tapped it lightly in solidarity.

They had worked together tirelessly for a year now to find housing for over 1100 people from single men to elderly couples to families with all sorts of complex and personal needs but yet all that was now being highlighted as a matter of almost disgust was the failure to ‘finish the job’ like this was about selling vegetables at a stall and not finding accommodations for refugees in a city with a massive shortage of housing.

While Daniel was silent Ellen could sense he was anything but comfortable. As a slide was suddenly shown Daniel looked towards it alongside Ellen, turning his whole body to the side and crossing his legs tightly with his back tense and straight as he now sat more in front of Ellen that to her side. Ellen had turned her own chair slightly and squinted over the taller Daniel to read what she could of the bullet point slide being projected by the current speaker. Like they were back in school or just training the slide was patronising, over simplified and down right insulting to Ellen as it listed so called ‘options available’ including social housing, housing associations, private rental, temporary accommodation and finally at the bottom the one Ellen knew was the killer point: other local authorities. In other words: just get them out of here and forget they even existed!

Ellen coughed and promptly poured herself a glass of iced water from the boardroom table as the final point was read out. Even from behind she could see Daniel was also clearly sweating too as beads of sweat nestled on the top of his white collar from the back of his neck. Worried about her friend and colleague she poured another glass of water and tapped Daniel on the shoulder to hand it to him as the male voice read through the slide further like those present were incapable of reading themselves.

The thing about meeting like these Ellen thought was that everyone seemed to have an agenda but few actually listened to anyone else. That was the thing about sitting next to Daniel though: at least he looked as uncomfortable and awkward about it all as she did. His body language was definitely screaming that he didn’t want to be there and Ellen couldn’t agree with him more right now.

*010*2023-05-23 21:57

The thing about sitting next to Ellen

Daniel entered the board room nervously, his mind more on his own body than anything else. Finding a seat as far away from his superiors and the local politicians and government representatives he wasn’t sure wether to be delighted or anxious when Ellen sat right next to him. At least she seemed distracted by whatever she was doing on her iPad which was ideal as he tried to find a comfortable position on the hard seat that might actually ease the constant dull ache in his bladder and tingling in his crotch. Keen to get started (and finished!) he found himself tapping his foot on the carpet impatiently. At least a few others were now coming in and sitting down so hopefully it wouldn’t be too much longer and he could finally get home and relax.

Why did they need to go through all this formality of welcoming everyone and saying who was there? Surely they could all just look around the room? Come on, he thought to himself, as every minute seemed to last forever. Every part of his body felt tense, not just because this meeting was going to highlight an urgent matter that he would have responsibility for sorting out but because it felt like his bladder was stretching more than physically possible and the urge to run and find a bathroom was getting more and more overwhelming by the second.

As if the signals and pressures from his own body weren’t making him warm enough he shivered slightly as he felt Ellen’s hand tap his thigh affectionately. Feeling his manhood swell a little at the sensation of her touch Daniel had to gently press his own hand over his upper leg awkwardly. Ellen had touched him a few times before, in fact they’d even hugged once in a moment of emotion when accompanying a young family to a small flat and seeing their young child dancing with excitement at getting a room of their own for the first time in their life.

He’d loved that and thought about it often but as another urge to pass urine hit him strongly he squeezed himself quickly feeling hot and embarrassed. Changing position again and sitting more upright as a second gent spoke Daniel looked up from the table edge he’d been staring at since arriving as he heard a projector turning on and a laptop whirring quietly. Did they seriously need slides for a meeting like this? This wasn’t going well at all!

Sighing under his breath in frustration Daniel turned his entire body to the side and crossed his legs tightly pressing his thigh into his penis to squeeze it shut. This helped a little but he found he had to keep pushing tighter and pushing back harder in the firm seat to prevent anything leaking out. He felt so uncomfortable and tense and the room was heating up quickly as he felt beads of sweat gather on his neck, forehead and back. Aware of Ellen sitting behind him he tried thinking of her to distract himself but the aching and pulsating continued and increased regardless.

His thoughts entirely on his own discomfort Daniel jumped slightly as a noise jolted his mind back to the meeting. Quickly scanning the slide to catch up incase he was asked anything Daniel shifted on his seat anxiously as the sudden jolt and loss of concentration almost made his body give in and explode. Realising quickly that it was Ellen behind him who had coughed he smiled knowing she was probably just disagreeing ‘quietly’ and reminding everyone in her not so subtle way that sending vulnerable refugees half way across the country was not only unethical but deeply distressing for all concerned. He knew Ellen Hemmingdale cared more for those she represented than any other professional he had ever met and she would be itching right now to have her say and fight her corner.

Any other time he’d relish seeing her in action, admiring her passion and persona and just enjoying the sound of her voice. He’d come to see her more as an ally than just a colleague over the years though they hadn’t always agreed eye to eye. This time he wanted exactly what she did, though he couldn’t actually see any practical way for it to happen. The problem right now was that when Ellen Hemmingdale got started she wouldn’t finish until everyone heard her out fully, until her point was REALLY understood, until she felt she’d advocated adequately all she could for the people she represented.

Thankfully she seemed to have settled for a little cough so far but he knew it was only a matter of time before she could could contain her thoughts. The thing about sitting next to someone like Ellen, he thought, was you always knew she was there. Her presence was tangible, memorable and none more so than right this minute as she tapped his shoulder lightly and handed him a glass of water.

That was the last thing he needed. If only Ellen knew!

*014*2023-05-23 23:04

{{2 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Thank you for writing another story, my friend!

}}

You are welcome. Have t forgotten your request. All in good time though.

*016*2023-05-23 23:52

{{43 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Ok sounds good. what did you think of the updates, do you think that it enhanced the story better?

}}

Will chat more on that story idea when this series finishes. Hope that’s ok. I do t want the thread too full of chat when people are following Ellen and Daniel 🙂

*018*2023-05-24 18:46

The thing about Daniel’s behaviour

It’s amazing how a meeting can unravel quickly when something unexpected happens. Ellen thought it might have been from her timely ‘cough’ or Daniel with his uncharacteristic shaky hands spilling a little of his glass of water she gave him, but the meeting quickly went from one person talking to Daniel suddenly standing up visibly embarrassed and putting his glass on the table before covering the front of his trousers with his hands and briskly heading towards the door. After that it all went rather chaotic and crazy as Ellen watched in shock as Daniel’s face became redder as he headed straight for the door.

What happened next Ellen wasn’t entirely sure but voices were raised, conversations became a rabble and Ellen felt compelled to make sure Daniel was alright. In the year of working with him closely never had he walked out like this or acted so strangely, and judging by the looks and shock of those in the room it seemed others felt the same. Leaving her iPad on the board table where she’d put it Ellen excused herself even though she knew it wouldn’t be heard over the commotion as she held onto the back of chairs as she made her way out of the room. She was sure she’d be right back and have to profusely apologise but the way her colleague had been acting she actually feared he might be unwell and about to vomit or something.

Heading immediately for the reception Ellen was determined to find Daniel but her search didn’t last long as she pushed the door to the reception area open only to see Daniel looking distressed and stressed talking quietly to the girl at the desk. Being the caring person she was she walked right over to them both to check that Daniel was ok. As she approached though Daniel bowed his head and leaned forward in a strange tense manner with one hand gripping the reception desk tightly and the other hand still covering the top of his thigh at the front. Fearing her friend was about to faint Ellen increased her pace until she was now standing right next to Daniel, instinctively putting an arm on his back to reassure him.

“Do you want a seat Daniel?’, she asked him quietly, but he didn’t reply. Looking towards the young receptionist for some sort of help Ellen caught her eye hoping for some answers. Had Daniel told her he felt sick or faint? Had he perhaps missed lunch and his blood sugar had dropped or was he just super embarrassed about spilling a little water on his grey suit trousers? Standing behind her desk looking at Daniel strangely the girl at least worked out that Ellen was keen to know what Daniel had just asked her and without taking her eyes off Daniel she spoke calmly and shyly.

“He just asked if we had a gents he could use.”

Knowing how reserved and professional Daniel was she assumed he simply wanted to clean his trousers up from the spill as Ellen continued staring at the receptionist waiting for more information. The receptionist, however, seemed more intent on staring at poor Daniel so Ellen abruptly disturbed her by asking loudly.

“And do you then?”

Daniel whimpered as he tried to stand upright still not giving Ellen eye contact.

“Just along from the coffee machine there.”

Not even wanting to talk to the receptionist any further Ellen hooked her arm through Daniel’s even though he still had his hand covering the front of his trousers. Marching him quickly like a teacher might march a child to the head teachers’s office she pulled him along as he kept his head down silently going along with her. Pushing the door to the gents open Ellen stood holding the door open with her ample body weight until Daniel was fully inside before she stepped out shaking her head a little in anger at the receptionist and disbelief at the level of needless embarrassment Daniel seemed to be experiencing over something she felt was rather trivial given the importance of the meeting they were here for.

Assuming he’d only be a few minutes using a hand dryer to dry off his clothing and knowing how embarrassed he’d be at returning to the meeting alone Ellen decided to risk waiting outside with the plan to make up some plausible excuse as to why they left and return to the meeting quickly and quietly together.

Standing outside the door waiting Ellen started thinking. The thing about Daniel’s behaviour tonight was it was so out of character for him, so unusual. Was it really all because he had spilled a little water or was there more going on she didn’t know about? The fidgeting in the seat, the sweating, the tenseness. Was he being bullied by someone in the meeting and he needed a breather? Did he spill the water deliberately to have a reason to leave? Maybe after the meeting she might get a moment to ask him. If not tonight she’d definitely check he was ok tomorrow at some point. It wasn’t making sense but for now she just wanted back to the meeting to get everything sorted for Oleksandr and the others on the cruise ship.

If only Daniel would hurry up!

*020*2023-05-25 23:01

The thing about Ellen’s behaviour

Taking the glass from Ellen Daniel felt his hand shaking. That lapse of concentration required to take it and the slight turn of his body was more than he could bear as he felt himself shake a little in shock as his tightly held sphincter muscle gave in for a split second and he felt warm liquid leaking out. Unsure if his underwear had contained the leak or if anything was visible he suddenly placed the glass on the boardroom table and stood up instinctively, his face taut and his muscles clenched. Panicking he bolted towards the door knowing the inevitable was about to happen and his entire days worth of urine would explode out of his body via his manhood any second.

He briskly but clumsily walked right to the reception, sweat pouring down his back and heat penetrating every fibre of his body. The thought of actually having to ask a stranger where the gents was made him feel nauseous but the alternative of standing in drenched clothing horrified him even more. Unable to even stand up straight he gripped the reception desk tightly learning forward, his entire body so tightly clenched he daren’t lose concentration even for a moment. Clearing his throat to try and get the words out he quietly but desperately asked the young receptionist if they had a gents he could use.

This was beyond embarrassing for him and he dreaded the thought of returning to the meeting, especially facing Ellen. What must she think of him? Having barely been able to even sit still since arriving surely she’d know what had happened? That was his chances of ever asking her on a date or even working with her more gone for good now! The only saving grace right now, he thought, was that she hadn’t seen him in his current state, hadn’t witnessed him having to ask for a toilet, hadn’t known he’d already leaked a warm spurt of urine and any moment now would completely burst if this receptionist didn’t immediately answer him and direct him to the nearest loo!

Now trying to steady himself just long enough to work out where the coffee machine was to find the bathroom Daniel attempted to straighten up and let go of his crotch just enough to stagger to the gents. He just needed a second. Just a second, then he’d race as fast as he could into the bathroom praying he didn’t start urinating on route! Except before he could even stand upright and move he heard a door opening and footsteps coming towards him.

Somehow Daniel just knew exactly who it was even without raising his head. There was no one worse he could possibly imagine seeing him right now, but if he didn’t disappear into the toilet now then things would just get even worse, if that was possible! Trust Ellen to interfere, suggest he sat down and then even worse ask the receptionist what he wanted her for. Daniel was mortified, humiliated and broken and felt like crying as Ellen dragged him across the reception in full view of the receptionist like he was a misbehaving dog on a lead. Daniel wanted the ground to swallow him up or aliens to take him away, anything but be dragged publicly by a beautiful smart woman into a gents toilet in front of who knows who!

The only positive in an otherwise impossible situation was that right now he was finally in a toilet facing a row of urinals and two open cubicles. Not even waiting for the door to close Daniel limped into one of the cubicles kicking the door closed behind him. Undoing the clip of his suit trousers he grabbed the waistband of them and his underwear in one urgent grasp and yanked both down as he sat down exhausted, tucking his dark limp penis into the seat. He thought his muscles would instantly relax but instead he sat there gazing at the inside of the cubicle door trying to breathe until he felt calm enough to examine his clothing. Looking down at his boxer briefs he could see the front was noticeable wet and darker and as he pulled the underwear away from the trousers to check the damage there his muscles suddenly gave in and he found himself taking a deep breath and relaxing as his bladder steadily released a very long and very satisfying pee.

Rubbing his bladder and taking deep satisfying breaths of air Daniel allowed himself to treasure the moment. This was heavenly to him as he now realised just how tense, how stressed and more importantly how full he had actually been. As his flow began to slow finally he looked again at his suit trousers. Much to his horror the crotch area of his expensive grey suit trousers had a distinctive and very noticeable wet patch that made Daniel curse under his breath. Leaking on the way home in his car was one thing but right now he was out in public at a very important meeting and even worse his crush was there too. Taking a moment to work out his options Daniel sat in shock thinking.

This was all Ellen’s fault. The thing about her tonight was she was interfering, demanding, mothering and embarrassing! Had she not insisted on handing him a drink in the meeting he might have lasted to the end. Had she not came after him he could have been spared the current humiliation he felt. Had she not patted his back like a stray dog and dragged him across reception he wouldn’t be sitting here right now with wet underwear and trousers.

The thing about Ellen’s behaviour was that it drove him mad in more ways than one. One minute she made him want her so badly it hurt and the next she was the last person on earth he even wanted to see let alone kiss! Now he had to face her until at least the end of the meeting. They’d worked together was so long but after tonight he already knew that working together from now on would never be the same. He didn’t think he could even look her in the eye ever again!

*022*2023-05-26 10:49

{{11 hours ago, brown4182004 said:

I want to see a story about Ellen being desperate!

}}

That might happen if enough people want it.

