Kobayashi's "Thingy" (Miss Kobayashi`s Dragon Maid)

Author: Ms. Tito

*000*2022-05-18 05:05

Hello lovelies, I just thought I'd take a break from writing my Pisuaria story (as if I wasn't already) and write some one-off stories. Since Dragon Maid Season 2 came out year, debuting with an episode involving Kobayashi growing a penis, I figured I'd finally make an omorashi story about it. Hope you enjoy!

"Damn that Ilulu," Kobayashi thought to herself as she walked home from the wrong subway station, again. This was the third time Ilulu used that spell on her, giving her the dreaded 'one of those' that Tohru was all too keen to have a taste of. She had been plagued by random boners all day at work, and it was a miracle that she was able to hide them from her co-workers. Later that night, Kobayashi hit her usual bar with Takiya, who was none the wiser about her not-so-little perdicament. However, all of those drinks would add up eventually, and take it's toll on her- Not just her wallet and her sobriety, but her bladder too. She was too drunk to even remember what subway stop she was at, and she missed her home station, meaning she was now stranded at least 45 minutes away from her apartment.

And now, here she is, in desperate need of a bathroom, or anything that can reasonably be considered one at least. Normally, Kobayashi was no stranger to ducking down into an alleyway after a night of drinking, but she was usually able to squat behind a dumpster or something so no one could see her. It would be possible for her to do so regardless of her genitalia, but squatting with such a long and girthy lady penis would be awkward to say the least. "She just had to give me a big dick, didn't she. Why can't my chest be bigger instead of this?!" Kobayashi muttered to herself. She so badly wanted to just whip it out and hose down an alleyway, but then she'd draw the attention of passersby, and she'd DEFINITELY have to explain to them how she learned to pee standing, and that just wasn't a conversation she was ready to have tonight.

She soldiered on, her bladder cursing her every second that she was not sitting on a toilet. Kobayashi looked at her wrist watch and saw the time. It was nearly 11:30. By now most businesses were closed. There was no way anyone would let her in to use their bathroom. "Just great. Leave it to me to get stranded in the middle of nowhere in a drunken stupor." So many thoughts were racing through her mind, most of them urine-related. She looked at the cloudy sky and thought,"Tohru and Kanna must be worried sick about me." She continued walking, thinking to herself "At least it can't get any worse."

Suddenly, it started to rain. Drat, she thought, she knew it was supposed to rain tonight, but of course she stupidly forgot to bring an umbrella. The redheaded office lady started running, searching for a place to hide from the weather. She kept running until she found a secluded railroad underpass to hide from the rain. "Damn it, this is just the worst. This rain is really making me need to pee, too..." She sighed, hoping that the rain would end soon, so that she could go home and pee...

Wait...

"That's it," she realized, she had a penis, she could just unzip her pants and pee in this underpass. No one was around to see, anyway. She had managed to find the perfect makeshift bathroom once again. Kobayashi turned to face the wall and unzipped her trousers before fishing her dick out of her yellow panties. She waited a few seconds, and tried to relax...

*ZOOOM*

@@The noise startled her, and she covered her crotch with her hands. She took a moment to collect herself, realizing that it was just a freight train speeding over the bridge above her. She checked herself for any wet spots, finding a small one on her leg. "Shit... Good thing tomorrow's saturday. Okay, I can do this." She got back into position, aiming her penis at the wall in front of her. She relaxed, and closed her eyes. Suddenly she heard a splattering noise. She was peeing! She looked down, the experience was surreal. She never did get used to the feeling of peeing out of a penis, despite this being the third time this penis thing has happened. What's more is that this felt AMAZING. She let out a sigh of relief, not caring how loud she was. No one was around, who cares? All Kobayashi cared about was this feeling of pleasure. She peed for a minute and a half before she finally finished. She once again looked down, seeing the puddle she had made. "Maybe having a penis isn't all that bad," she said, smiling as she tucked herself back into her panties and zipped her pants up. The rain finally stopped, and she continued on home.

Kobayashi entered the door to her apartment and was greeted by Tohru tackling her into an embrace. Kanna was fast asleep by now. "Welcome home, Miss Kobayashi!" Tohru said before she sprung into interrogation mode. "It's almost midnight, where were you?! I was so worried! Are you hurt? Were you cheating on me with that pig Elma?!!!" Kobayashi laughed, and reassured her, "No, Tohru, I just got lost. I really did need to pee though--"

She immediately regretted uttering that last sentence, realizing that Tohru would want to know every little detail. Tohru asked "Did you wet yourself? Allow me to lick your clothes clean--" Kobayashi shook her head, stopping the lovestruck maid from licking her "No, Tohru, I didn't wet myself, well, okay, I kind of did, but only a little bit because I got startled by a train!" Tohru looked perplexed, "A train? Where were you?" Kobayashi sighed, "It was raining, so I hid under an underpass, I tried peeing there but got startled by a freight train going above me. But..."

Tohru, in her perverted delight, asked "And then?" Kobayshi could barely hide a smile, "I peed on the wall. I peed standing up, with this thing Ilulu gave me. I realized that... maybe I like having this thing sometimes." Tohru squealed with happiness "That's great, because I want you to put your thing inside me!"

"ABSOLUTELY NOT!!" Kobayashi gasped. "At least not right now..."

"Cmonnnn, please?!"

"You're hopeless, Tohru. I'm going to bed."

*002*2022-05-18 13:52

Thank you! I might do some more of these one-shots in between writing Pisuaria if enough people want them. I might do some independent stories, some Dragon Ball, more Dragon Maid, and maybe even Lupin the Third! Maybe not Stop Hibari-Kun since I don't know how old Hibari, Kosaku, etc. are in the show.

*005*2022-05-19 15:06

{{11 hours ago, sleeping_cat01 said:

Tohru is sometimes very relatable

}}

Yeah. I will probably make more Dragon Maid stories.

