[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 8

Author: Misteriousmr

*175*2016-07-11 19:19

{{5 minutes ago, wheatley said:

Ooh! I sense something unnatural happening.

*plays luigi's mansion theme*

}}

2 spoopy 4 me bruh

$$

$$

$$

$$

*177*2016-07-11 20:02

{{3 minutes ago, azor said:

I finally caught up and I must say I've enjoyed this quite a bit. I'd like it if the diapers were used a bit more, and if there was more messing, but I have to say you are a great story teller.

}}

Sure, I''l put both of em in in a bit :3

My to-do list for now is;

- Skirt wetting

- Diapers

- Messing

- Public wetting

*180*2016-07-19 20:26

"Ummm...Wha-...What...What happened?" Chloe said, her eyes fixated on her Pokemon. Nurse Joy walked up too the creature and grabbed her device, holding against its chest.

"Hmmm, nothing seems to be wrong...well, that means..." she turned around smiling from ear to ear, "congratulations, it's a shiny Pokemon!"

"Ah whatnow?" Emily asked who had seemed to've been awestruck with the Pokemon.

"A shiny Pokemon..." Jenny started, "is a Pokemon with a diffrent colour, and they are VERY rare. We often find fake shinys on the black market; sometimes they're painted, sometimes they're injected with chemicals, sometimes there has been extensive cross-breeding and even incest...it's sad really..."

That night, the duo was back in their old hotel room. Chloe fell down onto her bed; she was exhausted. Emily sat down next to her.

"Hey, hun?" she said, as she laid down next to Chloe

"Yeah?"

"You know...we haven't had our..."fun" in a while"

"Ooooh, I'm sorry, I'm really tired..."

Emily rolled sideways, untill she was on top of Chloe

"Ok, I'll let you sleep for now. But, when we get to the next hotel..." she leaned in close "that ass is mine" she whispered, before pulling Chloe into a passionate kiss.

The room was a mess. Both Emily and Chloe had been sleeping rather rough. The sheet was folded about 3 times, and was barely on the bed anymore. One of Chloe's cushions was across the room, next too the closet.

"You almost done?" Chloe knocked on the door

"Almost" Emily jelled from inside the bathroom. Chloe hears the water stop running and out came Emily. She had her new make-up on. Underneath her blue hair were now 2 Egyptian-like eyes and bright red lips, with a slight blush. She also wore new jewelry; a silver necklace with a small black and purple icon, made out of onix and amethyst, was proudly presented upon her tanktop-covered bossom. She had short, black, ripped pants above her army boots, making for a rather rockchic-like appearance.

"How do I look?" Emily said and, too Chloe's surprise, sounded rather unsure

"Amazing!" Chloe said excitedly, though her expression soon became a sly smile, "however, I do have one thing to add...." from behind her back, she pulled out a small, white diaper.

"No" Emily said

"Yes"

"No, absolutely not"

"We'll be walking for a loooong time, and unless you want to get there around midnight..."

"I won't do it"

"With all the ghost Pokemon, barely any lighting..."

"Doesn't matter, no way in hell that I-"

"And Zubats everywhere" Chloe said triumphantly as she saw the colour drain from Emilys face. She soon came to her senses, looked at Chloe angrily and snatched the diaper from her, slamming the bathroom door shut...

TO BE CONTINUED WITH DIAPERS OOH MY

Pokemon come in any shape and size,

To taunt a strong one isn't wise,

As the parts gather and he grows strong,

Soon they'll know there's something wrong

For a guardian in black and green,

Only at the worst times is he seen

Soon...

*182*2016-07-20 09:03

"Hi I'm new to Overwatch any tips"

"If you hear angry Japanese, run"

*184*2016-07-20 19:12

"Die, die, die!"

*Ptrrrrrrrrrrrrt*

*186*2016-07-20 21:17

I don't even have Overwatch 'cause I'm poor

*187*2016-09-06 21:40

So, feeew things:

- I'm not dead

- Bussy, bussy, bussy

- I have some grrrrreat ideas for this story

- I'll be back soon, probably somewhere this week or something :)

*189*2016-09-07 08:46

{{8 hours ago, wheatley said:

Oh hey, you're back! and I told Oshawott to sell the gun so you're not getting shot for being accused of a zombie.

Oshawott: Think again bitch! I got traded a sandwich for this minigun!

... sh*t run.

}}

@lolwut xD

*190*2016-09-10 21:06

Emily grumbled.

"Hey, come on, it's not that bad"

"Grrrrrhmmimnotachild"

"D'aww, you're totes adorbs" Chloe teased as Emily pulled her black jeans over the bright pink diaper.

"Ugh, so, how long is the walk?"

"About 5 hours, if we leave now, we'll arrive around 18:00"

Emily would never admit it, but she had to admit a diaper was a smart idea. They soon had packed their stuff and left for route 151. They came past the ruins where Chloe'd caught the Honedge, and they decided to train a bit. After an hour Honedge had evolved into a Doublade and Luxio had finally evolved into a Luxray. They sat down, and Chloe grabbed her bag.

"Want a sandwich?"

"Yeah, thanks" Emily said. She felt a slight twinge in her bladder, but she was going to try everything she could to prevent using the diaper.

"Hey, fighting it is unhealthy" Emily shot up, she hadn't noticed her hand slowly moving to her crotch, which she quickly recoiled.

"I- I'm not!" Emily said, a blush forming on her face. Chloe looked at her. God, she was beautifull. Her made-up eyes contrasted well with her blue hair and red lips. Chloe hadn't really noticed before, but Emily had a pretty mouth; it was small and well formed, with a nice, diagonal jawline giving her outstreched cheeks the space they deserved.

"Do I have something on my face?" Emily said, quickly wiping around her mouth.

"Not yet" Chloe stated, before pulling her in for a passionate kiss.

It was 16:30, they'd been walking for 4 hours, and Emily was feeling her bladder filling up with every step. Chloe looked over and noticad that, due to her flat stomach, you could clearly see Emily's bladder bulging outwards. She herself had needed to go for around an hour, but it wasn't nearly as bad as Emily: her legs were shaking and she had to stop occasionally and hold herself. Chloe had told her multiple times to use her diaper and even tried to sneak up on her and scare her into releasing herself from the burden but, like with the pants, she had a rather severe mental block.

"Want't to sit down for a bit?" Chloe said, pointing towards a bench looking out over the ocean.

"Um, yeah, sure" Emily said as she followed Chloe. They sat down, Chloe leaning her elbows on her knees.

"You know, holding it this long is bad for you"

"Shut up, I'm fine" Emily wiped some sweat from her eyebrow

"No you're not...oh well...come here" Chloe sat upright and tapped her legs with her hand "lie down for a moment, we've been walking for a long time."

Chloe obliged, putting her head on Chloe's legs. Chloe stroked Emily's hair, which had fallen past her ear, revealing the Dragonite earring. Chloe subtely put another hand on Emily's right arm, then a bit over it, and kept going until her arm was around her girlfriend entirely. With her other hand she stopped stroking and instead held her head in place.

"Hey, what-" Emily's eyes widened as she heard a familiar sound

*pssssshhht*

Chloe looked down in malicious glee as Emily froze, and subsequently tried to break free from Chloe's grip. She looked back up towards the ocean. Seeing the calm waves somehow made her enjoy the experience even more. Emily murmured, moaned, squeeked and begged. Chloe was almost done when she felt Emily go weak, like she'd turned into a mush, followed by a soft groan, which soon grew into a moan.

Emily hated it, but it felt good to let go. She felt the fabric go soft, warm and squishy as the tantilizing feeling spread from her abdomen down to her lady parts. The stream was rather strong, and soon both girls heard a hiss come from Emily's diaper. It kept going for quite a while, until...

*pitterpitterpitter*

Emily gasped as the urine flodded out of the diaper and into her pants and eventually onto the ground. Chloe chuckled a bit

"Damn girl, you REALLY needed to go, didn't you?"

Soon, the dripping ended. Emily had closed her eyes and was enjoying the experience. Chloe had started stroking her hair again, and acompanied with the sound of waves hitting the shore and the feeling of the diaper, she had to admit it was pretty perfect, no, Chloe was perfect.

Emily stood up and looked at the damage. Around her butt and on her left hip, a dark patch was visible in her dark grey pants. As she stood up, she felt the diaper sag underneath her pants. Chloe handed her a new diaper and Emily, blushing and all, shot behind a bush to change. Soon she came back out with the diaper in a plastic bag, which she quickly deposited into a bin, and together, the girls walked on towards the lights of Sandcurl city in the distance...

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE --.. -.-- --. .- .-. -.. .

(Meanwhile, in the bushes not far away)

"Ma'am? I got the in my sights, they're moving towards Sandcurl city"

The young woman with dark purple hair talked to a walky talky, while looking at the duo through some binoculars

"Good, the preparations here are almost done" the voice on the other end responded. She believed it, as she could hear machines whirring.

On the other end of the line, a tall woman wearing a lab coat was standing in front of a large, stone door. The cave she was standing in was big and round. Around the door was an archway with all kinds of inscriptions. She noticed how the images were in pairs: a bird with big wings and a large tail on the left side, and a smoother creature with a scale around its eye on the right. A creature on all fours with a plate upright on its back on the left, and a bipedal pokemon with wing-like apendages on the right. Above the door, there was a big, round stone with a single inscription.

"Z"

*192*2016-09-11 20:18

The girls were sitting on the sands, the waves splashing over their bare feet. Chloe had her head on Emily's shoulder as they looked at the stars. In the distance, a large, bat-like creature crossed the skies. Chloe squinted and noticed its bright yellow tallons. It was too big for a Golbat or Crobat. The creature shot off into the darkness, and Chloe decided not to worry about it.

"Chloe?"

Chloe looked around. Nurse Joy was walking right towards the two.

"Chloe! I haven't seen you in forever! How have you been?"

Chloe stood up, hoping the waves would drown out the sound of the diaper. She helped Emily up.

"Oh, is this your friend? Hi! I'm a local nurse Joy, I'm a friend of Chloe's father!"

"Hi, I'm Emily, Chloe's...friend" Emily looked over to Chloe, she was unsure how people would react.

"Girlfriend" Chloe clearified.

"Oh, how nice, well, if you need anything, I'll be in the centre!"

Emily looked at Chloe, slightly confused.

"Honestly, you expect anyone to give a fuck?" Chloe joked. They walked towards the motel, only to be faced with...

A Metapod...

"Welcome to Sandcurl, home to the hardest Metapod around! Entrance $5"

Emily smiled at Chloe, Chloe facepalmed, and they both went inside.

"Hawaaaa, welcome to Grubbin inn!"

Behind the counter was a tall, lanky man. His pointy moustache and purple clothes made for quite the image.

"Can we get a room for two for the night please?"

"Waaaah, ofcourse!"

His nasal voice was reminding Chloe of someone, though she couldn't pinpoint who it was. They took the key and went to their room. It was a cosy, dark wooden room with a double bed and a single four-panel window. Chloe sat down on the bed and looked out of the window, into the dark woods.

Emily was putting the backpacks in a corner of the room when she heard a shattering sound followed by a loud thump. She turned around and saw Chloe sprawled out over the bed, her arms in an unnatural possition and her eyes rolled back.

"Chloe!"

Emily ran over and checked her pulse. She was alive. She looked at the window and saw one of the four panels shattered. She looked back at Chloe and noticed a dart sticking out of her forehead, a green luiquid inside of it. She jumped up and stumbled backwards, her eyes on the window. In the distance, she saw something shimmer. Another pannel shattered and Emily looked down at the dart now sticking out of her hip. She tried to pull it out, but noticed her muscles going weak. She took a step backwards, shook, and fell to the ground.

"Ma'am, we got them both knocked out, Alpha and Beta are getting them right now"

From another room in the motel, two people emerged; a male and a female. They locked their room, walked down the hallway with their bags in hand and opened the unlocked room. The girl walked over to the bed and stuffed the girl into her bag while the male got the other into his suitcase.

"Waaah, have a nice trip!" the man behind the counter said. They didn't respond.

Delta got up from the branch she was sitting in and put her sniper rifle on her back, climbing down the tree. The Shroomish she had substracted the sleeping powder from had passed out. She shoved it aside with her foot and walked towards the edge of the woods, where she met up with the male and female.

"You got em?" she asked the dark-haired duo.

"Yes, good job Delta, Omega will be pleased"

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE KIDNAPPING

*193*2016-10-21 20:19

Chloe felt herself being moved. Everything hurt. She opened her eyes but couldn't see. She moved around, but there was little space.

*thump*

Whatever she was in hit the ground. She heard a click and soon rolled out of the suitcase she was held in. Her vision was blurry, and all she saw was a large, round cave, lit with torches.

"Ooooww...." Chloe moaned, holding a hand to her head. Someone rughly pulled her up, forcer her to sit on her knees. She looked up. In front of her was a woman, imposing and dark. Her clothes were a combination of black and punk-like accesoires. There was a large necklace with a skull around her neck.

"Oy, what gives?" Emily shouted. Chloe looked around and surely, about 3 feet away from her, Emily was sitting, also being held by two thugs.

"Welcome! You've made quite a name for yourself. My name is Lingula, but everyone calls me Omega, I am this region's head of team Skull, and you are the catalyst to the destruction I will bring upon this world"

"Well that's nice" Emily said sarcastically.

Lingula walked over to Emily and bent down so they were face-to-face. She smiled a little.

"Well, well, well, you're quite the loudmouth, ain't ya?" she scoffed, "I can appreciate that, I myself tend to be a bit of a blowhard myself sometimes. However..." she stood back up straight again, "I, unlike you, am in a postition of power. You are in a far worse position than I am, and I think you should be reminded of this."

She turned around and leaned her head backwards. Suddenly, she made a 180 degrees turn and kicked Emily in the stomach. Emily doubled over as she spit out a bit of blood. Linula bent down again.

"Do you understand what I am saying?" she said in a degrading voice.

"Go fuck yourself" Emily answered. To which Lingula once again smiled, and proceded to punch Emily square in the face. Chloe screamed as a small *crack* could be heard echoing through the chamber. Blood ran from Emily's nose, which was now turned 90 degrees to the left.

"Now..." she walked away from Emily, "Look at this door, notice anything? Its pairs, all pairs..." she pointed towards the inscriptions, "Lugia and Ho-oh, Groudon and Kyogre, Dialga and Palkia, Zekrom and Reshiram, Yveltal and Xerneas, Darkrai and Cresselia...all...balanced. Now look at the stone..."Z", ring any bells?" She looked over to Chloe.

"Not...really?" Chloe said, unsure of what to do or say.

"Well, behind this door is a Pokémon. A legendary Pokémon, one that controlls the balance, one that keeps things...clean, so to say. Now, here's the problem: We. hate. order. So, here's the plan. Rudely awaken the order-Pokémon, have it go on a rampage, destruction, chaos, magnificent..." she stopped speaking, seemingly in a daydream.

"So, why do you need me?" Chloe asked, getting quite sick of this.

"Did you not hear the Pokémon I named? You have one of them, don't you?"

Chloe's face drained of colour as she realised what she meant. Lingula made a hand-motion and a bunch of thugs pulled out their guns and aimed at Chloe and Emily.

"Now you are going to summon Groudon, awaken the Pokémon, and lay waste to all, understood?"

Chloe was hoisted up and given one Pokéball. She slowly walked towards the door. It looked massive, how was she going to open it? Now that she was close, she noticed a third Pokémon inscribed inbetween the duos: A snake-like one, a Llama-looking one, A weird one with spikes jutting from its sides, and...In between the deer-like Pokemon and the Eagle-like Pokemon, it looked like there was a part scratched out. Chloe bent down and touched it, and instantly, the ground started shaking, dust and rubble crumbeling from the door and ceiling, and slowly but surely, the door opened.

Behind it was blackness. Was there really a Pokémon in here? Chloe looked around. Lingula was behind her, and about 6 guns were pointing at her. She swallowed and walked inside. She took a deep breath and held onto her Pokéball tighter. She threw it in the air.

"Don't work, don't work, don't work" she begged softly as the large, red Pokemon appeared next to her. Far away, seemingly at the back of the cave, something moved. A light green hexagon lit up. Then another. Then another. Then a white one, forming two oddly-shaped eyes. Suddenly, the creature rushed towards Chloe, and she only now realised how big the creature was. Chloe wanted to run, she wanted to hide, but didn't.

The creature stopped, and Chloe could make out its snake-like body, plates extending behind its flat head, and those hexagon-filled eyes fixated on her. It loud out a loud, rumbeling roar and more rubble came down. Around her, suddenly, small green lights appeared. They were everywhere. She had severely underestimated how large this cave was. Once she was absolutely surrounded by the lights of unknown origin, the jutted towards the Pokémon. Chloe noticed that the lights were actually tiny, blob-like creatures. The creature was soon surrounded by green streaks, hiding it from view. A louder, more threatening roar came from inside the storm of green and the streaks subsided. The creature had grown. It's head was like a crown. It had four large, ribbon-like appendage on its back and a flat tail. Its abdomen was oval and wide, with a colourfull stripe running through it. Its massive arms and legs ended in 3 large, white, hexagon-shaped claws.

"Well, here you go, the Order-Pokémon" Lingula yelled from behind Chloe, "Zygarde, complete forme!"

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE ZYGARDE

*197*2016-11-09 16:38

{{On 24/10/2016 at 2:36 AM, VoxyRox said:

I created an account purely to respond to this thread. I LOVE this story. Chloe and Emily are two amazing characters that you have created and they make this one of the best pokemon fanfics I have EVER read. Now with that, some constructive criticism. I noticed you say the descriptive adj "slowly" a lot. I would add a few more. Like "gently" and stuff.

Also I am a huge fan of messing. So please Impliment that as much as possible if you can hehe.

But again, I LOVE your story. And I hope you never stop writing it.

}}

Hehe, thanks! I'll definitely continue writing! I have kind of a checklist on "things I still want to do in this fanfic" which include skirt wetting, messing, etc, etc.

Yeah, I kinda tend to overuse some words (whenever I talk to someone I say "like" every third word xD) so I'll try to mix it up now and then :p

You created an account just to comment? Wow, that's some devotion! I hope you enjoy your time here ;)

*199*2016-11-09 18:14

//I don't plan for this, but it's extremely coincedental I post almost around the same time every month xD

Zygarde roared, its head scraping against the ceiling. A massive arm crashed into the ground in front of Chloe, who was frozen in awe. She suddenly realised she was in mortal danger as she turned around and ran. The grunts were standing back, looking kind of unsure about what was happening. Lingula was smiling, a spark in her eye. Chloe kneeled in front of Emily, wiping the blood from underneath her nose.

"You ok?" she asked while messing with the ropes.

"Yeah, how about you?" Emily's voice sounded diffrent now that her nose was out of order.

"Don't worry about me! I'm fine!" Chloe was almost annoyed, why did she ask that? She suddenly realised something. There was something cold. She froze and turned around, seeing a small puddle where she'd been standing. She shook her head. The ropes weren't coming loose. She jumped up and looked around. The grunts were slowly backing towards the main entrance, some slipping out sneakily. Zygarde slammed its foot down, causing dust and rubble to come down from the ceiling. Chloe let out a shreik, covering her head. She looked around again and spotted what she'd been looking for; a black backpack with a skull on it, and next to it her own backpack. She ran over when...

"Oooof!"

She landed on the ground hard, and she rolled over to see what had happened. Lingula was towering over her, smirking.

"Now now, not so fast, don't you want to see what you wrought? You'll miss the show!" she laughed maniacly. Chloe didn't know why she was thinking about it now, but Lingula had a beautifull voice; smooth, not to high, not to low, and it caught Chloe off-guard.

A green light filled the room as a green beam seared past Lingula's head, crashing into a wall, where it crashed leaving a large, smoking hole. Lingula looked around with glee covering her face. Chloe used this time to hop back up on her feet and run towards her backpack. She heard Lingula yell something and soon she came crashing down again as a grunt grabbed her feet. Her jaw hurt from the second impact in a matter of minutes. She opened her eyes and saw her backpack mere inches from her hand. She tried to kick the grunt off, but he held on tight, untill suddenly...a darkness fell over the room. Chloe couldn't see anything, it was like she'd closed her eyes, but they were open. Some surprised yells made her realise this wasn't happening to just her.

She tried to look around, but she didn't know where she was looking. A sound like distant rushing wind filled the room, and Chloe knew there was someone in there with them. She heard a few shrieks and yells, and then all was quiet, untill Zygarde roared and a green beam lit up the room for a split second, in which Chloe saw an hourglass-shaped shadow zip around the room. She let out a little yell when she felt something touch her shoulder, but then she heard a famaliar voice in her head.

"Don't worry, I'm here to help"

She felt the ground beneath her feet, followed by a weight on her back. The thing moved to her front and Chloe realised what it was when she saw the one, blue eye. She managed a weak smile, and the creature dissapeared, taking the darkness with it.

Grunts were scattered on the floor, looking around like they'd just woken up. Lingula was on her back, though she stood up quickly and beat the dust off of her clothes. She didn't look disturbed, rather disoriented until her eyes landed on Zygarde, and her wicked smile returned. Chloe realised the weight on her back was her backpack. She grabbed the first Pokeball she felt and released its inhabitant. Galvantula looked around, rather confused as to what had happened.

"Galvantula, use cut on Emily's ropes!"

The ropes fell down next to Emily who stood up and cracked her neck. Chloe was about to say something when Zygarde roared and started shooting out beam after beam, causing rocks to fall from the ceiling.

"We need to go, grab on!"

Emily and Chloe grabbed onto the fur of the spider as grunt after grunt left the cave, sprinting up the stairs towards the light. The chamber Zygard had been in started to collapse, with boulders twice Chloes' size started dropping.

"Galvantula, use Extreme speed towards the exit!"

The spider shot off, dodging boulders and grunts as it went, the light came closer, and closer, and...

Fresh air felt like a completely new experience to Chloe's senses. Galvantula stopped and Chloe and Emily rolled off of it onto the grass, breathing heavily. The cave collapsed, sending dust flying upwards before setteling, leaving only a rocky dent where the entrance was. Chloe looked around, and saw where they were. They were above the outcrops of the route towards Sandcurl, and to the left she could see the ruins, while to the right she could just about make out the banch with the ocean view.

"What happened to the crazy chic? And Zygarde?" Emily wondered aloud.

"Don't know, don't care" Chloe said simply. She liked to believe in the best of people, but thriving off of destruction? No thanks. The grunts around her looked confused. Without orders, they had no clue what they had to do. Chloe fell back down onto the grass, closing her eyes, glad it was over.

As she thought that, a deafening crash could be heard, followed by a roar and screams. Chloe opened her eyes and looked up. A huge crater had formed in the mountain face above them, and the arms grasped onto the sides of the hole as Zygarde climbed out, with on it's head...

"Giiiiiirls, did you miss me?" Lingula asked degradingly

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE CLIFFHANGERS!

$$

$$

$$

$$

