No time for the toilet!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-12-01 23:32

A college girl, very pretty and just 18 years old, had a new boyfriend.

She was very popular with the boys but had a preference for older boys, or rather younger men.

Her new boyfriend was already 30 years old and he on the other hand had a predilection for young girls who were just over 18.

The two complement each other perfectly in that respect.

One more thing to add, the young man likes the girls especially when they were needing to wee very urgently.

They had already been on several dates, but the college girl wasn’t one of the girls who constantly ran to the loo, or asked for one.

In fact, she hadn’t gone to the loo ever once during their previous dates, not even when they spent many hours together.

The man loved to know that the git’s bladder, must already be very full after sometimes a very long period of time.

The girl wasn’t shy, she was very open in all areas, she certainly wouldn’t have minded going to the toilet in a restaurant, or asking for one, but she didn’t and the guy loved that very much.

He loved girls with a strong bladder and a good bladder control and he loved knowing that a girl had a very full bladder in her belly.

He would have liked to see his new girlfriend, this young, delicate girl, urgently needing to pee and then he would have loved prevented her from going to the loo, for so long as possible, but so far she had always held it until he brought her home, even then when they had spent many hours together.

They didn’t have sex yet, but both couldn’t wait to finally do it together.

They planned an evening at his apartment. It was meant to be a bit more festive, with salmon , caviar and of course champagne.

He picked her up from the university in the late afternoon and it was like a dream come true for him.

She got into the car and said “ Please drive as fast as you can, i need to the loo very, very badly.”

It was like music for the ears and for the cock of the guy! He was slightly overwhelmed by the situation, she finally had to pee urgently and he finally had the chance to try her to prevent her from doing it, he had the chance to make her desperate and to see how she deals with her distress and on the other hand, he wanted finally have sex with her.

The combination to have sex with her with her bladder very full would be the best, it would be fantastic, but he didn’t know if he could stop his young girlfriend from going to the toilet as soon as they arrived at his apartment.

Therefore the “poor “ girl wasn’t allowed to go to the toilet, she wasn’t allowed to pee yet. The peeholding sadistic wanted to see her fight against her ever increasing urge and he wanted to see in what way she fought.

He quickly invented an excuse to prevent her from peeing and so he said “ I’m really sorry, but but going to the toilet will have to wait a little longer, i have to pick up something from the post office on the way home.”

“I hope it won’t take too long, i need to go extremely urgently.” Answered his girlfriend.

”No longer than half an hour.” Said the man “ but you’re a big girl, that certainly won’t be a problem for you.” He added.

”Normally not, but i needed to go all afternoon, but didn’t get a chance to go.”Said the girl to apologize for her schoolgirl-like behavior.

The guy was totally aroused by this situation.

“ When was the last time you went to the loo?” he asked lustfully.

”This morning at 7 a.m. i haven’t been since, even though i really needed to go.” Answered the girl.

“ Well, since 7 in the morning is quite a long time, but as i always say, girls who are old enough for a good sex are also old enough to hold their wee.

It’s the same thing between their thighs they use for that.

The guy was horny as hell, he couldn’t think of anything else but how to get the girl into the bedroom without her going to the toilet first.

He wanted to drink champagne with her to fill her bladder even more and not let her go to the loo before they had a long intensive sex.

Will he succeeds ? Will she let him do that to her? That’s what he thought to himself.

*001*2025-12-08 22:19

The man drove to the post office, parked in an illegal parking spot and instructed the girl to wait for him in the car.

With this illegal parking spot he wanted to prevent her from getting out of the car to go to the toilet and prevent her from doing a much needed wee.

” Please hurry!” begged the girl.

He had nothing to do at the post office, but he took his time to make the girl wait and hold her pee longer. Her bladder should fill up more and her urge should get stronger.

When he returned to the car, he saw that the girl had pressed both of her hands between her sexy, young thighs.

”Hurry up please, i can hardly stand it anymore.” moaned the girl.

”I have to go soooo badly, that I’m almost doing it in my panties.” She continued.

”Be brave, you are an healthy young girl you’ll surely will be able to hold your pee back.” Said the guy.

“I have been holding it back all day, I’ve been suppressing my strong urge for many hours, but now i can’t anymore, i’ll piss myself, or my bladder will burst if i can’t go to the toilet very soon.” Said the girl.

” Don’t worry, you won’t pee your panties, nor will your bladder burst, cross your sexy, pretty legs and hold it until you can go to the loo, just like normal grownup girls do it. Answered the guy and put on hand on her thigh.

The man was turned on so much by this situation.

On all the previous dates he had waited until the girl said she needed to go and now, just when they were about to have sex for their first time, she was full to burst.

It was like a dream for him and for his sadistic lust for girls who desperately needed to wee.

“ You never went to the loo on our dates before! Why is it so particularly bad today?” He asked.

”I always had to go when you brought me home, sometimes very badly when it was late at night, but i always went to the loo one last time before leaving home. Today i haven’t been since 7 in the morning.” Answered the girl and pressed her knees together.

20 minutes later they parked near the man’s house. The girl got out of the car and walked with small steps and rubbing knees to the front door of the house.

A few minutes later she stood with her legs tight crossed in front of the apartment door.

The guy deliberately took time to find the key to unlock the door.

The girl pressed both hands between her thighs and squatted down until he opened.

She had never been in the apartment before. As soon as they were inside she said “ First of all, show me please the loo.”

”No, first of all we’ll go into the living room, then we’ll see what happens next.” Answered the man.

”I can tell you what’s going happen next, I’m going to piss myself, I’ll wet my panties if you don’t let me go to the loo right now.” Said the girl.

”You won’t do that.” Said the man, taking her hand and leading her into the living room.

”I have to go so urgently, i really can’t stand it any longer!! Why won’t you let me go to the loo finally? The girl wanted to know.

”I hope you won’t be disappointed and angry with me if i tell you the honest truth.

There is nothing that excites me more than girls who urgently need to wee.

You can’t imagine how sexy you are when you have to go to the loo so badly, when you cross your wonderful legs to keep your panties dry.

You can’t even imagine how much you turn me on when you are so desperate.

You almost drive me crazy when you have to go so badly and so urgently, but don’t go.”answered the man.

”Would you hold your wee back for me and let your bladder full until after we’ve had sex?” He asked.

”I am not angry, but this sounds so crazy, it turns you on to see me suffer?” Asked the girl amazed.

”I know that sounds strange and sadistic, but it makes me incredibly horny when you have to wee so badly. I don’t want to see you suffer from anything else, but suffering from the fact that you have to go so badly and that your bladder is sooo full, definitely.” Answered the guy.

”You know that i like you very much and that i would do almost anything for you, but i don’t think i can’t endure being fucked with my bladder being so much overfilled and needing to wee so urgently.”Said the girl.

”Let’s try it!” Said the man begging.

”Okay, I’ll try it.” Replied the girl and added “ But you mustn’t be mad at me if i wet your bed when i can’t hold it anymore.”

The guy was exited by this answer and looked forward to the coming hours with the girl.

Then he went to the kitchen for a bottle champagne.

The girl’s bladder was full to explode, but he made her even more drink.

He kissed her, caressed her and undressed her more and more until she was only wearing her little panties.

This slim, young body drove him almost crazy and her full bladder which visibly bulging out of her flat belly intensified his lust and horniness.

The girl could hardly sit still anymore, so much she had to piss. He couldn’t keep her waiting any longer. After the second glass champagne he took her hand to lead her to the sleeping room.

On the way she stopped, crossed her legs and said “ that is the wrong way, i need to the toilet and not to the sleeping room.”

”I know it and i love it!” Answered the guy, taking her around her slender hips and leading her into the bedroom.

”Please let me pee first, i really, really have to go.” Pegged the girl.

”First bedroom, then bathroom, that’s the right way.” Said the man.

”I’ll piss in your bed if you don’t let me go to the loo.” Said the girl.

”You won’t! If there is no other way I’ll hold your hole shut with one of my fingers.”Answered the guy and laid the girl in his bed.

*002*2025-12-14 11:41

He saw the girl almost naked for the first time and he was thrilled by her young, slender body.

”I love your body, it is magnificent.” Said the guy and began kissing and caressing her.

Her bladder was so full and so big that it bulged noticeably out of her flat stomach.

This sight made him even more horny than he already was.

He had never before seen a girl’s bladder so clearly in her stomach.

Hr stroked her swollen belly with his hands and ran with his fingers along the contours of her brimming full bladder.

The thought that she hadn’t pissed all day and the idea of how much urine she is holding back inside, turned him on very much.

”How much longer can she endure this? Does she wet the bed if i don’t let her go to the loo? How big can this horny making thing in her belly gets?” wondered the guy and pressing harder and harder into the girl’s lower abdomen.

The poor girl groaned under this torture and tied her beautiful legs in a knot.

The man also wanted to see the part of her bladder that was hidden under her little panties.

”Lift your sexy ass, i want to pull your panties down.” Said the man and reached with his fingers under the elastic waistband of her underwear.

”Let me go to the loo first, i need to go so horrendous badly , i am holding it back for so long, i really can’t no more, i can’t any longer, let me finally go.”begged the girl.

”Not yet, lift your cute, sexy ass and hold it back!” Answered the man.” Hold it for me, i love that so much.” He was begging.

” For how much longer?”asked the girl.

”Until you can’t anymore.” Said the man and pulled her panties down to her thighs.

He left them there on her thighs, slightly above her knees.

These little panties on her delicate thighs were like a garnish and incredibly erotic for him.

Now he saw the girl’s bladder in its full size. He saw how it bulged out from her pubic bone up to her navel and from pelvis bone to pelvis bone.

He saw how the skin stretched over her overfull bladder and he felt with his hand how hard the urine ball in her belly was.

His lust and his horniness forced him to squeeze and to massage this plump pee filled balloon.

”I love this thing in your sexy belly!” Said the man.

”You’ll make it to burst if you keep torturing it so much.” Said the girl trembling with the effort of holding her urine back und to endure the extra pressure.

On the other hand she began to feel lust and pleasure to be able to make her boyfriend so horny with her strong need to piss and therefore she crossed her legs, tensed all her muscles very tight and let him torment her.1

The guy now saw the girl’s appetizing, shaved cunt for the first time. He was so horny now, he had to fuck her, but how can you fuck a girl who squeezes her knees so tightly together, he thought. A girl have to spread her thighs if she wants to be fucked.

He tried to push her thighs apart, but the girl said “ I won’t be able to endure that, i have to pee so terrible badly that I’m going to wet the bed.”

”I’ll do it very carefully.” Said the man with a soft voice and tried to untwist her beautiful legs.

He pushed his large, stiff cock deep inside the girl. The extra pressure with his cock from inside on her bursting full bladder made the girl moan and tremble.

First he was somewhat cautious, but then he became increasingly wild and brutal. He was lying with his full weight on the girl to press and to torture her poor bladder from outside as well.

He felt how she pinched her pussy around his dick to hold her wee inside her.

She didn’t let a single drop out of herself.

The man tried to avoid cuming for so long as possible He wanted to fuck her so long as possible, he wanted to stay horny for so long as possible and he wanted to enjoy the girl and her bursting bladder for so long as possible.

He could not believe what the young girl was able to endure and how good she fucked.

He kept whispering in her ear “ girl you’re great, you’re doing it so well, you’re driving me crazy.”

The girl loved and enjoyed these words and tried even harder to stay close and tight and she tried to fuck even better.

She moaned with pleasure and the urge to urinate.

“ You are my holding queen and my fucking queen in one person.” He whispered.

After the girl’s bladder had been tortured and tormented for a very long time, they had a powerful orgasm.

They groaned both at full volume as they exploded in a heavy orgasm.

The sheet was slightly wet under the girl’s ass, but this was not from her wee.

As soon as the man had pulled his penis out of the girl, the brat pressed one finger against her little peehole and crossed her legs over it.

”I have such a terrible urge to pee, but i can’t get out of the bed without immediately peeing.” Said the girl worried.

The man had just ejaculated, but these words immediately aroused him again.

He placed his hand on the girl’s stomach and felt how taut her abdomen wall was and how hard her bladder was.

The poor girl hadn’t weed since her morning pee, she had needed to go all afternoon, she was really desperate when her boyfriend picked her up.

Then in his apartment she didn’t go to the loo, or rather he didn’t let her go. She held it for him and now hours later she lay in the bed and was needing to pee so badly that she couldn’t get up to go to the toilet without to piss herself.

Would we feel sorry for her, or would we revel and enjoy her distress?

