The Mistress’ Karma

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2021-06-08 18:15

Kim was in her late twenties, long brown hair, and a long tan body with a round rock ass and muscle runner legs to go with it. She was also in love with her hubby Harold who she got married to last month. He had millions, even after his first marriage, which is king of how this story starts:

Once upon a time Cindy came home from her day at the company, walked upstairs, ready to get a foot rub from Harold, but walked in on Kim plowing his brains and balls off. They were mid orgasm when she slapped Kim, and long story short, Harold moved out, married his hot young mistress Kim, and now they were about to spend their first day of their honeymoon vacation with his kids, Sam and Del. Sam was the younger boy, and Del was older. While Sam thought his step mom was hot, it didn’t defeat the fact there was no more mommy or daddy now, and they both hated her for that.

“I don’t understand why we had to bring the kids too,” said Kim as she drank the rest of her iced coffee. She was sitting on the bed with her legs crossed in a short white summer dress and flip flops wearing her tight white two piece underneath.

Harold, from the bathroom, said, “It’s been rough for those two. Come on sweetie it’ll be fine...oh boy,” he said after a clang was heard .

Kim walked up to the bathroom door and knocked annoyed. “Can you hurry up by the way?” She pressed her hands on her abdomen and bounced as her legs got tight together. “I want to go before we head out. Haven’t peed since I woke up this morning. “

Harold came out looking guilty. “Um...well,”.

To Kim’s shock, her eyes widened in terror as she saw the toilet overflowing and walked from the bathroom entrance squirming around trying to get her head out of the agony. “Oooooh. I can’t even look at that right now. What the hell happened?”

“I’m sorry, these hotels are expensive but they don’t do anything with the plumbing since you can’t see it. I’ll call the repairman.”

“The butler already took your kids to the beach, we have to meet them.”

“We’ll head there, repairman will come fix it, I’m sure there’s a restroom at the beach. Come on.”

Kim let out a breath of frustration and bounced again keeping her hands tight to her sides

They walked over to the beach and met with Harold’s kids. Del and Sam ran over and hugged their dad.

“Hello Kim,” they said to her.

“Hi kids!” She opened her arms for a hug, but they ran back into the water. Kim moaned and plopped her ass into the sand stretching her legs out as she laid her back against a rolled up towel and bag. “They’re never gonna like me are they?”

“Sweetie, you were my mistress before my wife. They just need time to understand things didn’t work out between their mom and I and I’m happy with you.” As he said all this he squirted sunscreen into his hands.

The squirt noise snd drips from the bottle bad Kim bring her tan legs up to her bikini exposed body. Her abdomen pinched more by the second between seeing the splashing waves and people running around playing in the water.

A snack cart walked by. “Over here!” Harold said. “Couple waters please.” Harold tossed one to Kim who almost lost it and jumbled into her hands, and the splashing around caused further aches in her bladder. She brought her legs up closer and started to cross and uncross them as the discomfort became worse.

Kim looked around worried and asked, “is there a bathroom around here?”

“Don’t think so. You could just go in thr water though.” But the thought alone creeped Kim out and made her blush. She wobbled at her knees and could not stop twisting her legs and bringing them up to her belly and back down.

“No way. I’m a big girl, I can hold...hold” but she was stopped as her kids came back and started guzzling down their waters in front of her, streams flowing down making her tighten her floodgates and cross her ankles as massive pressure began building up.

Her kids realized the tease and began doing more like making swishing sounds and dripping drops into the sand. All of this made it worse for poor Kim who felt herself becoming overpowered by an exploding bladder that caused so much pain as she pressured to hold it in like hell, not wanting to humiliate herself.

As she tried to focus in her reading, her mental pressure was further tested. Even her husband joined in. “Hey sweetie look over there.”

“Yeah mom look,” said Sam. She loved that he called her mom, but it was only to get her attention as she watched in horror at girls in water splashing.

She felt drops leak through her Splincher snd she freaked out not wanting to lose control.

“Eeeeeeeexchse me!” She freaked. She began to run awardly aide to side to the beach exit trying to make it to the hotel, but just then a bus came by and dropped a bunch of college fraternity guys off who ran to the water, seeing the hunks of glory caused Kim’s pussy to spasm and as tight she held it biting her lip and turning red, as those hunk knocked into her (some on purpose) she released a huge stream, emptying her bladder into the sand,

Cascading through her panties and causing a thick puddle to form around. Much to her family’s amusement and everyone on the beach as the poor step mom cried.

@@the end

