[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type

Author: Misteriousmr

*000*2016-04-23 15:22

Hey all! Before I start; a few things:

- I'm writing this on my laptop, and for some reason, whenever I press something like ' or ", it instantly types it, so I can't really write things like "Pokemon" correctly

- I'm not English, so there may be some spelling mistakes

- I don't really have a schedule for when I write, so check back often ;)

Now, without further ado:

###

She opened her eyes, but quickly closed them to block out the harsh sunlight comming from the window. Eyes still closed, she yawned. "You up?" She heard from downstairs. "Comming!" She yelled, her voice raspy and dry. She opened her eyes and sat up, brushing her halflong hair out of her face and wrapping her blanket around her shoulders. She looked around the room. Everything was bathing in the warm morning light, almost making it look like a painting. She pushed her bright pink blanket away from her and got up.

"Good morning sleepyhead" her mom smiled from the kitchen. "Mornin'" She replied "What's for breakfast?".

"I'm making some eggs, here, have a taste".

"Oh, by the way..." Chloe looked up, her mouth stuffed with egg "your dad asked you to come by later today". Chloe swallowed her egg and took a breath before replying "Oh? Something the matter?".

"I don't know, he was running late, so you'll have to ask him. You should probably leave as soon as possible". Chloe knew her mom was right, her dad was a busy man and if he asked her to come to his work, it was probably something important. "And, of course..." her mom looked slyly at her "Happy Birthday hunny". Her mom got a package from underneath the table, wrapped in bright yellow paper with different kinds of berrys on it. "Oh my gosh mom thanks!" Chloe eagerly took the package and opened it. Inside, there was a pretty, black bracelet with small pink stones on the side. "I love it!" Chloe yelped as she put it on, "Thank you!" she said as she hugged her mom.

The lab was always quite imposing, being the biggest building in the town, with a big poke-ball logo on the front and fancy glass doors. Chloe swallowed and walked inside. The blonde behind the counter looked up and smiled. "Ah, Chloe, your dad is expecting you" she said, and Chloe smiled at her as she walked past and went up the stairs. Once at the third floor, she walked through the hallway, counting the doornumbers, "34...35...36...Ah!". She opened the door and walked into the office, if it could be called that. It had the desk and the bookcases, but lining the wall were pipes and machinery, and a glass wall with a door leading to a blue-ish room where even bigger machines were puffing away. "Ah, Chloe! Good that you could see me on such a short notice. First off all; happy birthday darling, did your mom give you your present?"

"Yes!" Chloe proudly stuck out her arm, showing off her bracelet. "Haha, glad you like it. Now, you're probably wondering why I called you over here" he asked "Well, my Staraptor got blindsided by an Archeops, and he's down for the count, so I need you to get me some stuff from the next town over.". Chloe's eyes widened, she barely ever left the town, so this was a great opportunity. "I'll let you choose one of the Pokemon working here to assist you on your journey". Chloe heard a lot of rumbling behind her, and as she turned around, she saw a bunch of Pokemon behind her. There were Kling, Klang and Klingklang, a Magnezone, a Clefairy, and more, just out of her sight.

"Hmmmmm" she said, looking around, when she saw something yellow shoot away on the wall, quickly moving in here direction, dropping from the ceiling and dropping on the ground in front of her, majestically landing on it's feet. The Galvantula looked at her, head tilted like a puppy, eight glistening eyes. Chloe turned around, "I'll take Galvantula, he seems pretty excited to go outside" she said. "Great!" he replied, "And if anything happens, call mom, ok? There's a professor at the Sandcurl Pokecentre, he'll know what to do". "Ok, I shall not dissapoint you, sir!" she said, saluting with a smirk, before jumping on Galvantula's back and riding out of the office...

TO BE CONTINUED

$$

$$

$$

$$

*002*2016-04-23 19:10

As soon as Chloe crossed the border she felt a wave of excitement come over her. Since she grew up with her father being a scientist and her mother being a farmer, she didn't leave town often. She felt left out when all her friends got their first Pokemon at the age of ten, but she understood why, they needed her at home. Now, 9 years later, not a lot has changed, and she actually liked helping her mother harvesting berries. That being said, as she sat on the back of the oversized spider, she felt a certain kind of freedom she hadn't experienced that often. A plus of having a Pokemon like this is that most of the wild Pokemon decided to stay away, and only a few Ratatta walked up in search of a challenge but were seen off by a flick of one of the tarantula's mighty legs.

After about half an hour of walking through the path, left and right lined with thick shrubbery, she decided to lay down on it's back and took in the smell of the wildernis. Above her, a few wild birds flew over. She pointed upward and repeated their names to herself, to train herself. "Split tail, Tailow, heart-shaped breast, pidove, black head, Starly, red head, Fletchling". "Hey!". Chloe sat upright, and looked around, confused at who had shouted at her. A full 90 degrees to her left, a small boy, with a straw hat and a net flailing behind him, came running from behind a tree. "Ha, you're no match for the awesome Pokemon that I caught!". Chloe sighed and slid of the Galvantula's back, getting ready for a battle.

The kid got out a Pokeball and with a big swing threw it into the air, where a shining red beam formed a Metapod.

"Metapod! Use Harden!". The Metapod sat perfectly still, and Chloe saw how it's body became smoother and, obviously, stronger.

"Galvantula, use...umm...use...String shot?" she said. She didn't battle at all really, but seeing that it was a spider, she assumed this was a safe bet.

A silky, white substance was slung at the Metapod and coverd it in it's entirety.

"Metapod! Use Harden!". Chloe raised an eyebrow as the Metapod still didn't move and concentrated on becomming less suitable for movement,

"Galvantula, useeeeem...tackle". Chloe tried. Galvantula sprinted toward the Metapod and kicked it with one of it's legs. The Metapod flew into the air, but got stuck in the string, and was slingshotted back onto the ground.

Once the dust was settled, Chloe looked, but the Metapod was pretty much unscathed. "This is going to take a while" Chloe mumbled to herself...

A full 45 minutes of tackeling an infenitely hardening Metapod later, the enemy finally fell over with a unsatisfactory *tunk*. Chloe sighed, glad it was finally over. "Aaah! How did you beat me?" the kid panicked, handing Chloe 150P. Chloe climbed back onto the Galvantula's back as they continued on their way. After almost half an hour of walking, Chloe started to feel uneasy. It took her a moment to find out, but she realised it was her bladder starting to protest. She looked down at her light blue pants, and thought about how it was yesterday evening that she last used the toilet. No, wait, she thought, she got up at about 3 AM to go to the toilet, she reminded herself. "Oh well" she thought, "I can hold it"

*004*2016-04-23 21:30

Thanks for all the encouragement :D

It was weird, since she halt felt her bladder, it seemed like the road got longer and longer. She ran into a youngster (who proudly proclaimed that his Rattata was "top percentage", whatever that means) and a bugcatcher holding a butterfree. She had, however, learned that moves like Volt tackle and Bite did more damage than a normal Tackle. Anyhow, she hoped Sandcurl, the next town over from Rootstay, her hometown, wasn't too far away. The slight bobbing of the walking Pokémon made the pressure even greater, though she was glad that she didn't have to walk.

"Hooo, one second Gal" she said, cause the spider to stop (with such a force that she shuddered for a second). She stood up straight on its back and read the sign that had caught her eye. "Rootstay, 10 km left, Sandcurl, 5 km right" she repeated to herself. "Oh great" she thought, as they moved on, "This is going to take forever". She thought about her predicament for a moment, as her bladder was starting to nag her, when suddenly she had an idea. "Hey Galvantula, can you move faster?" no response "Like, at least a little bit?" no response. A wild idea popped into her head. She grabbed the fur covering the lower body of the Pokémon, slightly raised her head, took a deep breath and...

"Galvantula! Use Extreme speed straight ahead!"

The spider zoomed forward at an insane speed, and she saw how this was a terrible idea as she clung onto its back. Her body was rapidly being bashed onto the Pokémon, putting extreme strain on her already painfull abdomen. "Stop!" the spider stopped so violently that Chloe rocketed off its back onto the ground in front of it. "Owwww" she said, while standing up. The spider didn't know what it did wrong, it just followed orders. She petted its head and shook under the immense pressure now located between her legs. She turned around and gasped. She made it. In front of her was a magnificent little town, bordering the sea. She was so overwhelmed by the sights that she forgot her bodily functions. She put Galvantula into its Pokéball and quickly walked into town.

To the side of the Pokémon center, nurse Joy was standing around in the garden. Chloe decided to ask her to use the Pokécentre's toilet first, then she'd talk to her father's colleague. As she walked up to the nurse, she noticed she had a weird, abscent-minded smile on her face, but she payed it no mind. "Ummm, hello, could I maybe use the toilet in the Pokécentre please?". She knew it was a public toilet, but the nurses had the key to the toilet to avoid vandalism.

"Hello, toilet?". "Um, yes please?" Chloe asked confused. "Yes"...no movement. Chloe was dancing around, pushing her legs together, and decided to go inside to look for help, but, surprisingly, the nurse walked after her. Though she thought it was weird, she walked past the healing point into a white hallway, where the toilets were located. When they reached the right door, she hopefully turned around to the smiling nurse...no movement, again. "Come on, please!" Chloe asked, getting frustrated, but the nurse just stood there. "Unnnngg", Chloe started panicking. She was quickly running out of time and this nurse was not helping at all.

"I really, really need the key to the toilet!" she said desperately. "Key toilet" the nurse repeated. "Yes! Yes! The key to the toilet! Please!" Chloe said, now doubled over to prevent herself from having an accident. "Please!" the nurse said. "Oh my god come on please--aaaah!" a small spurt of urine escaped into her white panties. She was pushed her crotch with her hands, but she needed to go, and she needed to go NOW. "God please!" the nurse said". Chloe was beyond the point of begging, or even talking, all she could do was moan and grunt as she was pushing her bladder to a point she'd never reached before. Her mind was foggy, and somehow everything she could think about was the release of this pressure.

"Hmmmm" with all her force, she pushed her trembling hands between her legs. "Hmmmaaaaaah!" the dam burst and with a loud hissing noise all the pent up pressure was released into her pants. She didn't think about how she was wetting herself, because the feeling she had while her bladder was emptying like a balloon was indescribable, amazing, orgasmic. She stood there, still at a slight angle, as the pressure slowly desolved and she heard the exces urine trickling onto the ground. She stood for a good 10 to 15 seconds before it was over, after which she slowly moved upward and checked the damage. Her pants were ruined; apart from a few dry patches on the outside of her legs, everything was wet. Her accident had had such force that ever her butt was wet, and her legs felt warm as the last few drops of urine rolled over them. The puddle on the ground was surprisingly small and unnoticable, and the amazing feelind she'd had was slowly drifting away.

Footsteps were comming her way. She was scared, until she realised she had a nurse with her, which made her feel...justified, in a way. Around the corner came...nurse Joy? The nurse was reading some papers but stopped and looked up when she noticed there were people in the hallway. It took her a full 10 seconds to take in the scene. "Ummmm..." Chloe started, before being interrupted. "Don't worry", the nurse said, "step into my office please". She grabbed the other nurse by her arm and pulled her into the office, with Chloe walking after her, her pants making a disgusting sloshing sound and leaving a trail behind her.

"Ahem, my apologies" the nurse started "this was bound to happen sooner or later, but I can explain". She grabed a picture of officer Jenny from a plank and, to Chloe's surprise, pushed it in the other nurses face. After about a second, the nurse's hair shortened, her outfit and body changed and suddenly, it was officer Jenny. Chloe stood there, mouth agape, as the confusion started to set in. She was completely transformed, the only thing remaining being the smile. "You see..." nurse Joy said "this" (she pointed at Jenny) "is a Ditto, not an actual person" she sighed "so it didn't have a key, and even if it did, it wouldn't understand you".

Chloe was both confused and reliefed that it wasn't her fault. "I am very sorry, this guy has been causing problems lately, but since it can imitate anything, it's hard to catch. We have some spare pants and we, of course, will clean up for you". Chloe put on the fresh pair of pants after drying her panties as best she could. It wasn't comfortable, but it was something. After thanking the nurse, she walked back to the front, where she spotted a professor-looking guy looking around.

"Hello!"she said, walking up to him, "I'm Chloe, Chloe March, daughter of Patrick" she introduced herself. "Ah, nice to meet you, your father told me you'd come, how was your trip?". "It went rather well" Chloe said, deciding to leave out the last 2/3s, "I liked being out and about, and batteling is something diffrent from picking berries". "Ah yes, well I'm glad you're here, here are the parts your father needs" he said, handing her an envelope, "and my Tallonflame is waiting outside to take you home". Chloe was confused, home? If he had a flying Pokémon, why didn't he visit her dad? "Aha, you see, he is quite old, he can't carry me, so, now I use him to send mail, but he'll be able to support you" he answered, as if he'd red her mind. Chloe thanked the scientist and walked outside, where the majestic bird was waiting for her

TO BE CONTINUED

*008*2016-04-24 08:30

Thanks everyone for being so Nice :3

Something I forgot to add; if there's something you want to see added to the story, tell me, I'm very open-minded, so I'll probably find a way to work it in there ;)

*009*2016-04-24 14:45

{{:

Put ME in the story EVERYTHING is 1,000,000 times better with WARIO! (In all honesty give her a magikarp and have her try to train it to a gyarados that could be funny, also have her meet a legendary)

}}

It's the mythical Wairigreed, the Wario Pokemon! Haha, hadn't thought about that yet, good idea! I have an idea to include a mythical Pokemon (my fave ;) ).

Also, forgot to mention this, but if anyone has, like, a side-fetish or something (feet, bondage, whatever) reply or message me and I'll try to include it :D

*010*2016-04-24 15:08

As she sat on the bird pokemon, parts savely stored away in her bag, she thought about her short but weet journey to Sandcurl. The training and batteling had been refreshing, and she had felt a freedom and rush while in battle she hadn't had before. Her thoughts slowly moved to the Pokecentre accident. It was weird; she was ashamed, and swore to never tell anybody about how a 19-year old had an accident, yet somehow it was...exciting, naughty almost. As she looked back on the event she realised that she'd been arroused after she wet herself, but was tu busy to notice. She shook her head and looked at the ground, where she saw a frustrated trainer take on a familiar Metapod.

"Ah, great, thanks!". Her dad took the envelope and Pokeball from Chloe and smiled at her. "How was your trip?"

"Exciting, to say the least." Chloe responded. "Well, thanks again. It's getting late, you should go see if mom's made dinner.". Chloe smiled and left his office. once home, her mom was in the kitchen, cooking something familiar. "Berry juice?" Chloe asked, "Haha, correct, made from fresh berries!" her mom replied. Chloe sat down at the table. "How was it?" her mom asked, while sitting down herself. Chloe repeated all of the events (apart from the Ditto) as her mom smiled and nodded. "Well it sounds like you had a blast!" she replied once Chloe was done. "Absolutely, it was amazing!" Chloe said, while grabbing some juice.

That night Chloe had trouble sleeping. She tossed and turned, but there were so many things going around in her head; how amazing it was to travel, how cool batteling was, and how...no, she couldn't think about it, it was weird and gross...right? She couldn't help but feel some warmth develop between her legs as she thought, but she decided to ignore it. She forced herself to think about the joys of traveling some more...

"What?"

"I want to train Pokemon!"

"But you like it on the farm...right?"

"Yes, but there's so much to see! So much to explore!"

"But it's dangerous!"

"I know, but I can take it!"

"And it costs money."

"Yes, but I'll gain money with batteling.". Her mom fell silent and was obviously in deep thought. After a few seconds she sighed, "Chloe, you know I won't stop you. If you want to travel, and battle, and see the world, that's fine by me. You should choose your own road in life, just...talk it through with your father, ok?"

"Thanks mom!" Chloe yelped as she hugged her mom, who smiled at her.

"What?"

"I want to train Pokemon!"

"But it'll cost a lot of energy."

"I'm an energetic person"

"And a lot of self-control"

"I can do that"

"And you'll face a lot of hardships"

"Yep, but that's part of the fun!". Her dad turned towards the window in his office. "Does your mom know?". "Yep!" Chloe answered excitedly. "Well, than I won't stop you!" her dad turned back to her, smiling. "Here" he said softly, as he pressed a Pokeball in Chloe's hands, "your first ever own Pokemon...". Chloe saw a single tear well up in her fathers eyes. She hugged him. "I'll let Staraptor lead you to Sandcurl, and from there on...it's your own journey. Just..." he paused, and his smile weakened a bit "...send us a picture, or some mail once in a while, ok?"

"Of course!" Chloe replied. She smiled at him, and left to find Staraptor already ready for takeoff...

TO BE CONTINUED AND STUFF

*011*2016-04-24 16:21

The excitement Chloe felt once she landed was unparalelled. She looked around Sandcurl. It was a beautifull little town. on the east the was a small beach, with about 5 or 6 houses facing the sea, and then there were the Pokemon centre and a small Pokemart. To the west a road headed to the first big city she'd find; Amethius city. She decided to go to the Pokemart before heading out. "What can I do for you?" the salesman asked. "Well, I'm kinda new to the whole Pokemon training thing, so, how do I start?"

"It's easy! You simply weaken a Pokemon, and try to catch it in a Pokeball. Here, because you're new, here are 5 for free.". Chloe gratefully accepted the Pokeballs and put the in her bag. "The road ahead is rugged, as it leads you past mount Ebott, which you can use as a route to Skytop city. However, there are a lot of rock and ground Pokemon, so I suggest you catch a water-type Pokemon. Wait, you know what, I have here-" the salesman ducked underneath the counter and came back up with a shoddy looking rod "-an old rod. It's yours for, let's say, 100 p". Chloe thought about it but handed over the 100. "Thanks!" she yelled, as she left the store.

She walked over to the beach and threw out her rod. The first few times, nothing stuck, untill suddenly; "Aha!" Chloe reeled in and a relatively big, red fish splashed onto the beach. Chloe threw out her Pokeball and out came...Galvantula? She hadn't actually checked what Pokeball her dad had given her, but felt a slight sting in her heart when she realised he had noted how well the two had bonded. "Galvantula, use Thunderbolt!". Galvantula's fangs started to glow a bright yellow, and unleashed a big bolt of lightning straight into the fish. Once Galvantula had stopped electrocuting the creature, it looked more like a fresh-baked meal than a Pokemon, and Chloe wondered if she'd overdone it. Nevertheless, she threw a Pokeball in its direction. The pokeball wiggled...and wiggled...and wiggled...until the small white button at the front popped out, signalling that the ball was locked.

Chloe took her newlycaught Magikarp to the Pokemon centre, as she realised the thunderbolt had done quite the number on it. She blushed when she saw the nurse standing behind the counter, but hid her shame and gave her both her Pokeballs. A small jingle announced that the two were up and running again and the nurse thanked her for using the Pokemon centre. Outside, Chloe decided that if she left now, she would probably make it to Amethius city before dark. She set off and soon encountered a Geodude. Excited, she sent out Magikarp.

"Magikarp, use..." then it hit her. She'd thought she'd heard about Magikarp before, but now she realised WHAT she heard about it; words like "weak", "useless" and "a waste of time" sprung to mind. Before she could do anything, Geodude had Seismic tossed her Magikarp into a coma. She decided it was best to cut her losses and went on. Luckily, she only saw one trainer, but he was distracted when a Geodude punched a tree behind him, and she could slip past. The sun was setting as she entered Amethius city.

Amethius city was one of the grandest places Chloe had ever seen; skyscrapers with 9, 10, 11 floors, brightly lit neon signs advertising everything from bio-friendly potions to battle arenas, People walking back and forth over the roads, and a constant hum caused by the conversations going on around her. She decided to heal up her pokemon first, and after a 15 minute walk she reached the Pokemon centre. Chloe had gotten quite hungry and tired, as she'd been walking all day. "Excuse me," she said to the nurse, "I'm quite new to all this, and since it's getting dark I need some food and a place to stay, could you help me?". "Well" the nurse replied, "you should look for the Chespin Inn, it lets trainers sleep there for free, it's nothing fancy, but it's got a bed and running water. There's a small, cheap restaurant called Peking Golduck, so you could eat there, ah!" the nurse turned around and got the Pokeballs "Please come again!". "Thank you!" Chloe said while leaving.

She looked around and eventually found Peking Golduck, hidden away in a small street close to the heart of the city. Inside it was quiet, and a small bell rung as she opened the door and walked to the bar. It took a few seconds for someone to show up from what she assumed was the kitchen. Chloe was lost for words for a moment. Behind the counter stood a young female, probably about 20 years old. Her hair was dyed a bright blue collour and she had quite a pale skin. Her face was very...detailed, almost and she had a decent breast size, Chloe estimated a C or D cup. "Welcome to Peking Golduck, what can I get you?" she asked. "Ummm..." Chloe looked up at the prize list above the counter, "I'll have the Farfetch'd with a side of leek, please". "Excelent choice, I'll come bring it when it's done" the waitress said with a sly wink. Chloe was worried, was she blushing?

TO BE CONTINUED AND CRUD

*013*2016-04-24 17:18

{{:

Going good so far.

Also, for recommendations... maybe add me as a shinx or something, like one who makes VERY stupid choices and hates being called a moron (you know why).

}}

Not...exactly what I meant, but thanks for the encouragement.

And don't worry, the story'll get..."interesting" soon ;)

*014*2016-04-24 18:49

"Here you go!" the waitress said. Chloe was abruptly pulled away from her deep thoughts as she felt her face heat up when the waitress spoke to her. "Th-thanks" she stuttered as she sat upright. "Hey, it's time for my break, mind if I sit here with you?"

"N-no, not at all."

"Great, thanks.". The waitress put down a plate of cooked Goldeen across from Chloe. "I'm Emily, nice to meet you" she said, while sticking out her hand. "Chloe" Chloe responded while shaking Emily's hand, it felt surprisingly soft. "So..." Emily swallowed her piece of Goldeen "-you a trainer? Haven't seen you before". "Um, yeah, I'm kinda new to all this" Chloe replied. "I always wanted to be a trainer, but I'm stuck with this dumb job." she said, rolling her eyes. "Oh? Why?"

"This restaurant, my parents run it, and they probably wouldn't make it without me here. Oh well, maybe someday". "Yeah, I mean, my mom was a berryfarmer, my dad a scientist, so I wasn't exactly trainer material myself" Chloe responded inbetween bites. She couldn't help but admire the pretty, blue-haired girl in front of her, as much as she wanted to pull her thoughts away from her. "Haha, true, but I me-"

"EMILY?!" Chloe jumped slightly as the conversation was interru[ted by a scream comming from the kitchen. "Shit, that's my dad, see you around!" Emily said while scrambeling towards the kitchen.

Chloe felt weird that night. Her head was buzzing with all the things that happened that day; leaving home, catching her first Pokémon, walking all the way to Amethius city, meeting...meeting Emily...She was lying on top of her bed. Her bladder was aching, but she didn't go to the bathroom. She wasn't intent on wetting herself (again), but she wasn't going to get up either. As much as she hated it, she enjoyed the feeling of pressure on her abdomen. She sighed, what was she even going to do? In the rush of the moment, traveling the world sounded amazing, but she wasn't wel versed in batteling or training Pokémon...She grabbed her cellphone and pressed some numbers. "Hello? Chloe?" a familiar voice answered "Hi mom! Wanted to call and tell you that I'm alright!" Chloe responded "I'm in Amethius city now!"

"Oh dear that's great! It's pretty isn't it? I went there with your dad once, for work.". Chloe talked for about an hour about her day. "Well, I'm glad you're having such a good time" her mom finally said, "do call again, won't you dear?"

"Yes mom" Chloe said in a jokingly annoyed voice "Love you, bye!"

"Bye!". Chloe got up. Building up pressure was a nice feeling, but she was getting tired.

The next day was exciting, but repetetive; grinding for levels. She managed to get her Galvantula up to level 15 and her Magikarp to level 9. The rest of the day she spent in the library, reading up on her Pokémon knowledge. This caused her to wonder how her dad got a Galvantula at such a low level, since they evolve at a later level. That night, she went back to the Peking Golduck. Her heart jumped when she saw Emily standing behind the counter, leaning on one arm looking incredibly bored. She looked up when Chloe entered and smiled. "Back for more ey?"

"What can I say, I appreciate quality" Chloe winked.

Sitting at a table with a steaming plate of pasta, Emily opposite of her, also with pasta, they talked while eating. "The only house-Pokemon that we have is Tropius, which we use to get bananas, we have meat delivered to us and berries from farms like yours, apart from that I barely ever see a Pokémon, the occasional Lillipup or Skitty, but no wild Pokémon.". Chloe suddenly had a wild idea. "Do you want to catch a Pokémon?". Emily's face lit up "Um, yes?! Why?"

"I have some Pokéballs left, how about we meet at the eastern road, the one to Whitepearl city?"

"Oh-my-god, are you serious? Thank you! Thank you so much! Oh my god I'm gonna catch a Pokémon!" Chloe smiled as she saw how happy she had just made a person she met the day before.

That night, Chloe stood underneath a lamppost, waiting for Emily to show up. She herself was incredibly excited as well. Emily eventually came walking toward her, her blue hair dancing in the night breeze. "So, how do I do this?" she asked. Chloe led her to a patch of grass, where they stood for a while, when a sound closed in on the pair. Chloe looked around and soon spotted it's source; a Noctowl, not that far away from the two. She let Galvantula out and Sat on the ground, giving Emily full controll. "Galvantula, use Electroweb!" Emily shouted, and Chloe saw the Noctowl get stuck to the floor, electricity coursing through its wings.

"Good, now, use Bolt Strike!" Galvantula's impact with the Noctowl was something to behold, the force knocked the owl flat to the ground, still bound in silk. "Great job Em! Here you go!" Chloe threw a Pokéball at Emily, who caught it and in turn threw it at the Noctowl. It wiggled...and wiggled...and wiggled...Chloe's heart was racing...*click*. "Ye-he-heeeessss!" Emily yelled. "Great job!" Chloe shouted at her as she retrieved her Pokémon. "Thank you!" Emily squeecked as she flung her arms around Chloe. It took her a second to come back down to earth and she hugged Emily back. "Well...ummm...here you go..." Emily said, as she stuck the Pokéball out towards Chloe, "it's your Pokéball" she mumbled. Chloe raised her eyebrows and looked from the ball to Emily. "No silly, it's yours!". Emily's eyes started to water as she looked at Chloe. Chloe's only response was a weak smile, while her emotions were running amok in her head.

BO CE TONTINUED

*015*2016-04-24 19:55

The building was big and imposing, yet she knew she had to go through to progress on her journey. She read the sign next to the door. "Amethius city Gym. Leader: Tyler, the man with a will of steel!". She swallowed and walked into the gym. There were a lot of floors above her, with steel bars balanding on ropes attached to cranes. She walked up the stairs and onto the first bar. She slowly walked forward and hit the switch at the other end. The bar moved up while rotating 90 degrees, bringing her to the next platform. There was no button, so she turned around and headed back, to the opposite platform. She pushed the button, which brought her back to the start. After about an hour of frustrating puzzles and interruptions by trainers, she made it all the way up. In front of her was a young man sitting on a chair.

"Aha, a challenger approaches!" his voice was weirdly theatrical, "No matter, I, Tyler, the man with a will of steel, shall beat you!". He threw up one of the three Pokéballs on his belt, and out came a Klang. Chloe send out her Galvantula, and after some thunderbolts, the Klang was wasted. "Oh no! My poor Klang! But do not fret, I will defeat you!". His next Pokémon was a Skarmory.

"Aha! He flies! Do not pester me with your ground attacks, you fool!". Chloe rolled her eyes, her Galvantula didn't even know any ground moves. One thunder later the Skarmory was lying on the ground with its eyes closed. "Alas, it has come to this! My prized Pokémon! You shan't defeat my ace Pokémon!". Chloe was starting to tire from this guy, and needed to go to the bathroom on top of that. His "ace" Pokémon, a Bronzong, wasn't difficult to take out either. "Oh, a woe is me, I've been defeated. But you have shown me that you're worthy, take my gear badge, and leave me be, I must grieve my loss." Chloe took the gear-shaped badge, gave the man a tired look and left.

The pressure was getting pretty intense on her way to the Inn. She was pretty much waddeling by the time she reached the front door, and was pushing her hands into her crotch while she walked into the hallway where her room was. She crossed her legs while looking for her roomkey, and she felt herself trembling. The key was tough to turn around, which hadn't been a problem until now. Once she opened the door she went inside and slamed it shut. She again couldn't think about anything but the sweet, sweet release. She gasped as a small spurt of urine escaped, half of shock half of pleasure. She was walking at a snail's pace towards the bathroom door, which seemed to get further away the more she walked.

Another spurt came out, and she silently moaned in a (though shamefull) pleasure. She reached the door and was faced with a conundrum; opening the door when both hands were busy keeping back a flood. She tried her best to tear her thoughts away from peeing and focus on a solution. If she removed her heands, she's for sure wet herself, but if she waited too long...well...Maybe she could use her chin to push it down? Or maybe her elbow? Her lapse in attention made her losen her grip on her crotch, and another spurt escaped. She felt a few drops of urine roll down her legs agonzingly slowly. Her muscles spasm, causing a bigger load of urine to escape, now creating a small patch on the crotch of her pants.

The warmth was too much, and slowly but surely, more and more pee escaped into her blue leggings. Again Chloe's mind cleared and all she could do was experience the wetting. The warmth trickled down her legs in stripes, which came together to create rather large waterfalls of urine on her legs, splashing onto the ground. Chloe slowly moaned as she felt her arrousal grow while letting go. It went to both the front and back of her pants, slowly creeping up and causing the warmth to spread over her stuck-out butt, stimulating her even more and causing her to moan louder, almost nearing a climax. It felt like it went on forever, and the only thing stopping her from helping herself to a climax was Chloe's selfcontrol.

And then it was over. Chloe sighed as she felt the stream subside and the climax fade away. She stood there for a moment, with her eyes closed, lingering in the moment. She felt dirty, but this time not in a gross way, but in a cheeky way. She moaned slightly and opened her eyes. She looked at her pants; the only things saved from the flood were her hips and just above her crotch, which were the only things that gave away that she wasn't just wearing a dark blue pair of pants. She suddenly froze as she heard a sound behind her. It was a soft click, followed by a creaking noise. Chloe closed her eyes and waited for the worst. The owner of the hotel? The cleaning lady? Or worse? "Chloe?" Chloe's heart broke as she heard Emily's voice flow through the room.

"Chloe? Are- are you alright?" Chloe's eyes were tearing up. "I-I'm sorry, we...we were going to hang out today...and...and I had...had your key and..." Emily stopped talking as she heard Chloe silently sobbing. She walked up to her and put an arm around her. "Hey, Chlo, it's okay, heeey" she said, as she pushed Chloe's still-sobbing head onto her bosom. "Hey hey, don't worry" she said, trying to calm her friend down, "Come on, let's put you into something a little more...dry...". Emily helped Chloe up and guided her into the bathroom. "Here, you shower for a bit, ok?" Emily said. She grabbed a towel and exited the bathroom. She was rather flustered but cleaned up the puddle on the ground. "E-Em?" Emily opened the bathroom door "I-*sob*-I can't get them off". Emily walked into the bathroom.

She could see the problem; Chloe was shaking all over This was the first time she'd taken a good look at Chloe. She was a little bit shorter than her, with smaller boobs (probably a B, she guessed) but with a rounder, firmer butt, which was now soaked in urine. She had brown hair till just past her shoulders and had nice, dark-brown eyes. Emily smiled and got on her knees. She undid her button and rolled her pants down, revealing bright white panties underneath. Once the pants had reached the ground, Chloe stepped out of them. Emily got up again. "arms up." she demanded, and Chloe did just that. 

Emily took off her shirt, revealing a Pumpkaboo-pattern bra underneath. Chloe tunred around and Emily undid the clip of her bra, after which she took off hr panties, which felt more like a used wipe. Emily couldn't help herself but marvel at the perfectly round, bubbly butt that Chloe had, before turning around, gathering the wet clothes and leaving the bathroom. She heard running water while she picked out clothes for Chloe to change into, and even though she would rather die than admit it, she felt a subtle warmth between her legs...

TO CONTINUED, IT BE

*017*2016-04-24 21:53

{{:

Oh my god, tyler is representing Rahim from dying light all over again.

Unintentionally of course... right?

Well, looking forward to the next one.

}}

I kind of imagined him have a over-the-top Egoraptor voice, but now you say it, the similairitues are there o.O

*019*2016-04-25 06:45

Thanks! Suspicious indeed ;)

Galvantula is my favourite gen 5 Pokémon :D

The undressing was more because having her zitting around wouldn't be very interresting to Read, so I gave her something to do. It wasn't from a Fantasy point of View or anything, but I can use the advise for future refrence :)

*021*2016-04-25 07:32

{{:

XD Emily sure gets around….At first I thought it was going to be Dawn, the only character I know with blue hair. Bad Emily…don't be a slut! jk

True true, know your readers I guess. That's why I had originally made Anna a nurse- nurses have no sense of personal boundaries and it made the "need help" scenes a little more realistic. But then again, I started my story with two girls having a one night stand in the hospital, it doesn't get much more unrealistic than that. lol But that's just my take though, I'm nitpicky about character psychology. You could always follow up the scene with Chloe coming down from her emotional high and realizing what happened and be like…I can't believe i asked her to undress me… Sorry, i'm rambling. It's your story, you can do whatever you want.

If your still taking requests…cough…if you hadn't noticed, I have a thing for "need help from nurse" XD JLIO's inspiration came from this story https://diaperedanime.com/forum/vbarticles.php?do=article&articleid=1929&title=

}}

Haha, I needed a name for my female character, and Emily was the first thing that popped into my head xD

Nothing Wrong with being a bit nitpicky, constructieve critisism helps develop writing skills ey ;)

I'll see what I can do, I kinda had that with the Ditto scène, but maybe I can squeeze it in there ;)

*023*2016-04-25 08:04

A quick chapter before I'm off to college (Cool leg anyone?)

As Chloe felt the warmth of the shower fall over her, her mind cleared and she assesed the situation. It had been an emotional rollercoaster; she'd gone from desperate, to bliss, to anguish, to sadness, and now she was standing there washing urine off of her legs. She felt a slight sting as she thought about Emily's response. She'd though that she would've been disgusted, maybe even mad, but instead she'd comforted her and helped her. She could hear Emily scrambling around in her room as she showered. She sighed and grabbed a bottle of shampoo from the sink.

Emily was sitting on the bed when Chloe exited the bathroom. She looked a lot better; the colour had returned to her previously pale skin and the only thing remaining from their encounter were the red rings around her eyes. Chloe dressed herself while Emily looked the other way, and once she was down she sat down on the bed next to her.

"Thank you" Chloe whispered, her voice slightly cracking up.

"Hey, don't worry about it" Emily said, giving Chloe a coy smile, "so...how was the rest of your day?"

"Oh!" Chloe's eyes widened "look what I got!" she jumped up and walked over to the table, grabbing a small wooden box. She sat down and opened it. The inside was lined with red clotch and had 8 holes in it, with one now containing her badge.

"Awesome!" Emily said, slowly running her finger over the badge. The texture was smooth, and it had a light grey metalic sheen to it.

"I know right! But man is that Gym leader annoying.' Chloe complained.

"Tyler? Yeah, I know, he comes by the restaurant every so often." Emily sighed and there fell an uncomfortable silence.

"So..." Emily started, but she looked unsure about what she wanted to say. "So how ummm..." she was looking around the room, obviously avoiding eye contact.

"What is it?" Chloe said, "you can ask me anything, after what you've done for me, I'm willing to talk about anything" she said while smiling at Emily, who was currently looking at the front door.

"How...how did it feel?" she mumbled

"What? Beating the gym leader?" Chloe asked confused.

"No...you, ummm...your...accident..." Emily replied, her cheecks slowy turning from white to a more pink-ish colour.

"Oh, umm, well" Chloe thought about what to answer

"Because, you know, I...I always hear it feels great, but...but I've never been brave enough to...to try...you know? So I thought...I thought that since you just..."

"Well," Chloe started, reliefed to finaly understand her question, "it feels amazing"

"Really?" Emily suddenly turned around and looked at Chloe with big eyes.

"Orgasmic" Chloe nodded. She wasn't sure, but Emily almost looked jealous of her. "You should try it" she said with a cheeky wink.

"Pfft, my dad would kill me" Emily replied, she thought about how it must've felt, to feel such a pressure and discomfort all fade away in one amazing feeling as she tried to ignore the growing warmth between her legs.

"Wait, so...so you don't think I'm gross?" Chloe asked, unsure about where this conversation was going.

"Let me tell you a secret" Emily said, leaning close to her friend, "I'm kind of really fucking jealous" she whispered in Chloe's ear.

DEUNITNOC EB OT

{{:

Hmm, I mean a more fleshed out, emotional scene. More hands on. Sort of like your ChloeXEmily scene, but ChloeX Nurse joy. An embarrassed Chloe stammering that she can clean herself up, but nurse joy ignoring her and doing it for her complete with redressing her. This happened the last time I was in the hospital…boundaries were crossed lol

}}

Hmmm, I see what you mean, I'll look into it, but I think I have an idea that I can use *cheeky wink*

*024*2016-04-25 08:50

In the next episode: a haunted house!

$$

$$

$$

$$

*025*2016-04-25 10:28

Writing a chapter while waiting for college to start, I too like to live dangerously...

The next day Chloe decided to train up her Pokemon before moving on to the next town. As much as she wanted to progress, she wasn't looking forward to saying goodbye too Emily. The road she took had a lot of dead trees, some of which were Sudowudoos and Trevenants, with one or two Deerling thrown in the mix. She walked for about 15 minutes when she heard a faint cry. It was weird, it wasn't quite human, but not quite Pokemon either. As scared as she was, she decided to leave the path and walk inbetween the dead trees and bushes towards the cry. She stopped once she reached an opening in the woods, and she looked around. At first she didn't see anything, but eventually her eye found the source of the sound. In the corner, underneath a tree, there was a small, white and green creature, that she identified as a Ralts. Around the Ralts there were about 4 or 5 Phantump slowly closing in on the creature. Chloe quickly grabbed her Pokeball and send Galvantula out. "Galvantula, use swift!" she yelled. Galvantula's fangs glowed white and shot out a bunch of star-shaped projectiles. The stars left a small explosion on impact with the Phantump, which quickly fled into the woods.

Chloe walked up to the trembling creature, which backed away slightly as she approached, but didn't run. She slowly and softly put her hand on its head and petted it when it didn't make any effort to get away. The creature slowly looked up, and Chloe grabbed a Pokeball from her belt. She held it in front of the creature, and it walked towards it. Chloe softly pressed the button and the Pokeball clicked open, absorbing the Ralts inside it. After three wiggles, the Pokeball closed shut. She put it on her belt next ot Magikarp, who was now at level 12.

Chloe kept walking, and made a mental not to herself to buy more Pokeballs, as she had only two left. She came to a crossroad; there was one patch straight ahead, and there was one path going left. In the distance she could see an old, most likely abandoned house. She thought about it, but eventually headed left in the hope of catchin a ghost Pokemon. Next to the garden's entrance there was a crooked sign stuck in the ground: "Do not enter!". "Who dares, wins" Chloe repeated to herself as she walked into the overgrown garden. A few Kricketot and Durants fled as she walked over the path, and open the creaking door slowly.

Inside it was easy to see that this house used to belong to a wealthy family; a grand chandelier hung from the ceiling, the walls were lined with (now torn) portraits of landscapes and people and the staircase in front of her was coverd in wooden decoration. She decided to check out the bottom floor first, as she didn't trust the staircase just yet. The first room she entered was the kitchen. She heard some Ariados scuffeling in the corner and a Zubat was screeching as she entered, but no Pokemon. The next room she entered was the living room. Apart from a shady looking lamp, nothing caught her interest. As she left and found herself back in the hallway, she thought she saw a shadow moving along the wall upstairs. Excitedly thinking it might be a Haunter, she walked up the stairs.

Suddenly, a darkness came over her. She was disoriented for a while, but found her way again as the darkness slowly lifted. She looked around, but saw nothing out of the ordinairy. Or...wait...was that...light comming from underneath the door? Chloe slowly shuffled towards the door, her heart beating loudly. She pushed the door open. The light came from a TV across the room. In front of the TV there was a silhouette of a small person, a girl probably. "Hello?" Chloe said shakingly. No response. Chloe walked closer and suddenly, the TV shut off, and she was once again covered in darkness. She thought she heard something, but couldn't pinpoint where it came from. Suddenly, a single, large, completely blue eye with a white pupil rushed towards her. Chloe screamed and fell backwards, not noticing the warmth spreading in her crotch. She fell backwards and suddenly...she fell down the stairs. Her vision was slowly fading as she saw the chandelier light up with blue-purple flames. "Hehe", she thought, "there was a Chandelure right here all along" before fainting.

TO BE CONCINCUED!

*026*2016-04-25 12:21

"Owwww". Chloe slowly opened her eyes. A bright light shone in her face. She felt like she'd broken every bone in her body. She closed her eyes and focused on her body. Her leg hurt, her head hurt and breathing hurt, but she was still unsure of where she was. She opened her eyes again and looked around. She was lying in a bed. The walls around her were white, with a window to her left looking out over Amethius city. She sighed as she tried to remember what happened, but the only thing she could remember was the blue eye.

"Oh, you're awake?" a gentle voice said from the other side of the room.

"Mmmhmm" Chloe groaned, "Where am I?". Her voice sounded strange, like it didn't come from herself.

"You're in the Pokemon centre dear, you had quite a nasty fall, I'm the Amethius city's nurse Joy" the voice explained.

Chloe tried to sit upright, but only lifted herself a few milimeters off the bed before falling back down, groaning in pain.

"Oh no, don't try to move dear, you're in no state to get out of bed."

"What...what happened?" Chloe asked, wrecking her brain to come up with an answer herself.

"A hiker found you, you'd fallen down the stairs in the abandoned challet. You were completely out of it, can you remember what happened in there?"

"I...I was looking for ghost Pokemon, I thought I saw one upstairs, but then everything went black." Chloe explained, eyes firmly closed, "and...I saw someone...a girl...and then I...I fell" she finished abruptly.

"Hmmm." the nurse said, while Chloe could hear her pen move over some paper "Yes, it sounds like one of the Pokemon used Hypnosis, and possibly even Dream eater. You'll probably stay here for a few days, is there anybody you want me to inform about what happened to you?"

Chloe thought about it for a moment. "My parents" she said, "And..." she thought it over again, "and Emily..."

"Emily?" the nurse had some obvious surprise in her voice, "the waitress from Peking Golduck?"

"Y-yeah." Chloe said, feeling a blush develop on her cheeks.

"Oh my god Chlo are you alright?" Emily stormed into the room, followed by the nurse. "I came as soon as I heard! How are you fee- holy fuck you look horrible!"

Chloe smiled at her. "I'm alright, thanks" she said, "not in mortal danger anyway" she tried to wink, which caused her headache to worsen.

"Oh I knew I should've let you take my Noctowl with you! Or maybe I should've been there, or..." Emily's voice slowly faded away as Chloe saw her eyes become watery.

"Hey." Chloe said in her raspy voice, "Hey, come on Em, I'm not dieing!" a single tear rolled over Emily's cheek, and she leaned forward to give Chloe a soft hug.

Emily took a deep, shakey breath, before wiping her eyes dry and standing up straight. The two girls looked at eachother. Nurse Joy walked in and smiled at the two.

"Well, we ran some test. Your leg seems to be broken, a bruised rib and a small concussion, at best you're out of here in two days, at worst you'll be here for a week." she explained. Chloe sighed. Now that she was inside, she wanted nothing more than to leave, get some fresh air, walk through the woods, anything except lying in this sterile white hospitalroom.

Emily wouldn't budge, no matter how often Chloe explained she didn't HAVE to stay here.

"No way" she'd simply say, "I'm staying and you'll just have to deal with it."

"But I'll be fine! The nurse will take care of me!" Chloe responded.

"Oh, and what are you going to do? Get up and force me to leave?"

Chloe sighed, but still smiled. They sat in silence for about 5 minutes, when Chloe suddenly gasped.

"My stuff!" she said, with a slight panic in her voice, "it's still at the Inn!"

"Don't worry, nurse Joy got had all your stuff brought to your room when you arived, it's all here" Emily responded.

Chloe sighed in relief. Now that the panic was leaving her, she could focus on other things.

"How is the restaurant?" Chloe asked, just to make conversation.

"Ugh, Tyler was there, so I'm actually glad that you called me in here" she said, with a slight chuckle.

Nurse Joy knocked on the open door to signal that she was entering the room.

"How are you doing?" she asked.

"Apart from the pain and bruises, never better." Chloe joked, which nurse Joy answered with a smile.

Joy opened a small box and took out a needle.

"This will sting a little, but it speeds up the healing progress of your leg" she explained when she saw Chloe's worried look.

Nurse Joy lowered her blanket and pulled the navy blue hospital shirt up slightly, so her bellybutton was revealed. She put a fluid in the needle and Chloe's muscles tightened when nurse Joy stuck the needle in her belly.

"Now don't worry, because it's not in any vein, it won't start bleeding. If you need anything, just press the red button next to you, ok?" nurse Joy said, before leaving the room.

Another 10 minutes passed, and Chloe knew Emily was looking at her from her chair across from the bed. Chloe heard a sound, but couldn't place it. *tick, tick, tick*. It almost sounded like a bird Pokemon tapping on the window, but it went faster and faster. *trrrrrr* now it sounded like a Magnemite glitching, which she'd seen happen at her dad's lab. The sound was familiar, and she knew it was something bad, but she couldn't think where she heard it before. The sound changed again; it was still the same sound, but with a weird, echoing undertone. It went on for quite a while, and she heard Emily stand up and look around. Emily walked towards Chloe, still looking from left to right to find the sound untill...

*splash*

"Ah shit what the fuck?" Emily yelled surprised. "Oh, ummm..." She leaned forward and pressed the red button next to Chloe.

"Hey what are you-" a beep was heard at the end of the hallway, followed by swift footsteps getting progressively louder, until nurse Joy entered Chloe's room.

"Ah, yes, that was bound to happen." nurse Joy said, "Emily, could you leave the room please?" she asked.

"No! Wait! What...What is going on?" Chloe asked from her bed.

"Chloe, the drug I gave you earlier has a sedativ effect on the muscles. You have wet yourself"

When nurse Joy said those last four words, Chloe felt her face getting red and her eyes tearing up. Again? She wet herself again? And for a second time where Emily could see? The girl she...she...

Chloe started sobbing again, it was all just so unfair, she never wanted this, she just wanted a goddamn ghost Pokemon, not this!

Emily walked over to Chloe and slowly and softly ran her fingers through her hair, looking at Chloe with a mix of sympathy, empathy and reassurance.

"Now, Emily, would you leave us please? Than I can tend to Chloe's needs."

"Don't worry, I'll be right outside" Emily whispered to Chloe, before turning around, stepping over the puddle and leaving.

"I- I can do it myself!" Chloe said shakily.

"No you can't, don't worry, I've seen worse" nurse Joy said as she started to pull down the blanket.

"No, stop it!" Chloe tried to grab onto the blanket, but nurse Joy easily pulled it out of her heands.

"Trust me, it's for the best."

Chloe's eyes started to tear up again as nurse Joy undid the single button on the hospital underwear.

"Noooooo" Chloe weakly moaned as she felt the wet fabric run past her legs.

Nurse Joy simply smiled and turned around. She grabbed a box of wet wipes out of a cupboard and turned back to a trembling Chloe. The anesthetic was wearing off, as Chloe felt a slight tingling when she was wiped down. After nurse Joy had used three wipes and seemingly assured that her patient was clean, she turned back around, put away the wipes and got out...Chloe gasped as nurse Joy held out a diaper.

"Oh nooooonononono!" Chloe resisted, "I am NOT wearing that!"

"It's okay" nurse Joy simply said.

Chloe felt the nurse's hand slide underneath her now bare butt and softly lifting them up off the bed. She slid the diaper underneath her and wrapped it up around her and closed the two strips located at the hips.

"There, all done!" nurse Joy said, as she put the blanket back over her patient. "I'll let Emily know she can come back in" she smiled and left the room. 

Painfully, Chloe raised her head slightly, and saw how the bulge at her crotch revealed that she was wearing a diaper. She groaned a bit as she let her head rest on her pillow.

*027*2016-04-25 15:34

Emily didn't seem to care about Chloe wearing a diaper, which somehow made Chloe even more uncomfortable. Did she not see it? Did she not care? It was all very confusing.

"Em?"

"Yeah? What's up?" Emily stood up and walked towards Chloe

"Do you...don't you care? That...that I'm wearing a diaper?"

"Chlo, I've seen you wet yourself twice now" (Chloe became a dark red colour) "and honestly, if this is best for you, I'm not going to judge you" Emily paused for a moment, "and if anything, the hospital the most logical place to where them" she concluded.

"Thanks Em" Chloe said softly. It was getting dark outside.

"Hey, I gotta go. I may have been excused from the restaurant, but they'll start worrying if I don't come home tonight" Emily said smiling.

"Yeah, ok, see you!" Chloe said as Emily walked out of the room.

Chloe slept quite alright that night. The bed was way softer than the one at the Inn, and she somehow didn't worry that much about anything. She did wake up once. She looked at the clock; 3 AM. She wondered why she'd woken up, until she felt the sting in her bladder. Out of habit she tried to get up, only to feel her body protesting against that idea. She sighed and layed back down, knowing there was only way out of this. She cleared her head and tried to relax her muscles. Nothing happened at first, but after a while she felt the stream comming. The diaper slowly crackled as it expended around her waist, soaking up the urine making the previously crisp underside of the diaper feel more squishy. She still felt good, and she did enjoy the feeling of peeing somewhere else than the toilet, but she had to admit she liked wetting her pants better. Her eyes spasmd as she brought her thoughts back down to earth. "Liking" it was out of the question. It was gross...right? She decided that this wasn't the time to think about it and she soon fell back to sleep.

Chloe was woken up by nurse Joy at 7 AM.

"Good morning, did you sleep well?" she asked

"Mohnin" Chloe yawned, "Myeh, pretty good"

Chloe shuffled around in her bed, cause a wet spot to slide past her crotch, reminding her that she had to be cleaned.

"Nurse? I...I may need to be cleaned" Chloe said, still ashamed that she couldn't do it herself. The nurse simply smiled and got out the wipes. Now that the drug had worn off completely, she felt the full extent of being cleaned with wet wipes, which caused her to become quite hot and bothered. It felt like her skin could breathe again when the diaper was removed, and even the new one felt nice to the skin. Emily came in at about 3 PM.

"Ah, you're both here, good." nurse Joy said, when she saw the two in the room. Emily looked confused.

"Umm, no offence, but why did I need to be here?" Emily asked.

"Oh" nurse Joy looked from Chloe to Emily and back, "I thought you were...that you two were...ummm, nevermind" she said, a slight blush creeping up. "Anyway, the results; the concussion is pretty much gone, as is the bruised rib. Your leg looks good, and will probably be healed tomorrow." she explained while looking at her clipboard.

"Wow, that's great!" Emily gave a wide smile to Chloe, and Chloe smiled back, though her thoughts weren't completely focused on the results. Nurse Joy thought that they were...a couple? Wow...that was quite something. She shook the idea she'd been thinking about for a few days out of her head.

"That's great news, thank you so much for all your care" Chloe said, "Will I be able to walk again?"

"Probably, yes, though I do suggest that you wear a diaper for a few more days, just in case."

Just in case? In case what? Chloe was getting slightly scared.

"Ahem, what do you mean, just in case?" Chloe asked.

"Well, your back has seen better days. Not bad enough for me to try and make it better, it just needs to heal over time. However, I'm afraid that if you, for instance, duck to much it'll get worse. I'm sorry, I know you hate them, but it's better for you if you wear diapers and get cleaned than you pushing your back past its limits" nurse Joy said apologetically.

Chloe and Emily looked at eachother; getting cleaned. Chloe gave Emily a hopefull smile.

"I'll try to help as much as I can" Emily responded, returning Chloe's smile.

The next day, Chloe was able to sit up straight, look around, walk and eventually she was good enough to be released. She walked, own clothes on, bag over her shoulder, back to the Inn. The only diffrence was the slight crunching sound when she moved and a pack of 10 adult diapers in her backpack. Emily and her were going to meet in the park to enjoy her new freedom. Emily was waiting on a park bench. Chloe swallowed when she saw her; she'd been so busy with herself she hadn't noticed how good she looked. The blue hair reached till just above her shoulder and was slowly moving back and forth in the wind. She was wearing a black tank top with a Electabuzz on it, which she realized was the logo for a Electric-House-Dupstep group. Her blue, torn pants reached her black boots. Chloe thought back to what nurse Joy had said about them, and made a decision. She walked up to Emily.

"Heeey, looking good!" she said when she saw Chloe approaching.

"Thanks" Chloe said shyly. She noticed the Noctowl basking in the sunlight next to Emily.

"Wanna go for a walk or chill out here?"

"Hey, now I CAN walk, I'll take every change I get!"

The two walked along the gravel path past some trees where Pidgeys were singing. Noctowl sat on Emily's shoulder as they walked, and Chloe had released Galvantula and Ralts to get some fresh air. They were talking about everything and nothing; the struggle of training a Magikarp, how to make an excelet ommelete, the future, the weather and about what happened in the chateau.

"Hey, um Emily, I have something I need to...discuss..." Chloe started, she both had and hadn't been looking forward to this.

"Spit it out" Emily said.

"Well, unsurprisingly, I won't stay in this city forever...I'll move on, get more badges, train my Pokemon..." Chloe looked over, Emily looked both serious and sad.

"I know, and I'll miss you. Just promise to come 'round to the Peking Golduck once in a while, ok?" Emily said, with a lot of sincerity.

"Well, that's what I wanted to talk about. I don't want to leave you behind. I've grown attached to you". Chloe started to blush. "And I...I thought...Maybe you could...come with me?"

Emily went silent for a moment.

"I would love to" she eventually said, "but I'm not sure if my parents will let me."

"Could you ask, just for me?"

"For you...yes...but I'm not promising anything" she said, as she smiled at Chloe.

After quite some time of walking, the two sat down on a bench. To Chloe, the diaper made an ear-shatering noise, while in reality it was barely audible. Chloe realized that, now that she thought about it, she had to pee. She didn't want to fight it, she knew it was no use, but peeing in public was vastly diffrent from peeing in a room, which had been a hurdle in itself. Just as she'd decided that she'd only get more noticable if she fought it, Emily turned to her.

"Hey, I've been thinking, do-" Emily cut her sentence short as she saw the look on her friends face. It was something best described as shamefull bliss. And Emily leaned closer to Chloe.

"Are you peeing?" she whispered in her ear. Chloe responded with a subtle nod. Now that Emily was closer, she could hear a faint hiss and the creaking of the diaper. She froze in place, listening to the sound and, in the process, getting very turned on. Chloe looked over at Emily as she let the stream go. Was she...biting her lip? And was it just her imagination, or was her hand moving irregularly over her leg? She decided not to mention it, but as the moment went on, she got more and more sure that she was thorougly enjoying this; the way she was still bent sideward, one ear pointed directed at her crotch, the vacant look in her eyes, her heavy breathing. When it was over, she saw Emily slowy turn back to normal, as she sat up straight again and purposefully looked the other way.

"Emily, you comming with me wasn't the only thing I wanted to talk about" Chloe started. Emily was visibly reliefed that she didn't start about her behaviour just a second ago. "Do you remember what, well, what nurse Joy said? About...about us?" Chloe get incredibly nervous, and could barely believe she was about to do this.

"Ummm" Emily dug through her mind, trying to avoid thinking about the warm wetness that she was so close to, "Yyyyeah, she thought we were a couple, right?"

"Yeah" Chloe said, "and I just wanted to say that...that ummm..." Chloe wanted nothing more than end this conversation, but she know she couldn't, "that...that...that I wouldn't...be...you know...wouldn't be opposed to...to the idea that...you and...and I" Chloe stumbled over her words, and now that she was actually saying this, she felt stupid. Of course Emily wouldn't, how could she ever had thought that? "Ummm, you know what, I, I, never mind, I, umm, I won't as-" Chloe was interruptes by a soft hand on her chin. Emily turned Chloe's face towards hers and slowly, but passionately, pulled her into a kiss. Chloe's mind exploded. All kinds of emotions and thought were going back and forth at high speed, until after about two seconds, everything stopped. Her head was empty. The earth fell away, the bench, her Pokemon, and it was just them, just her and Emily, in a black void. As she felt Emily slowly drift away from her lips, she opened her eyes, looking straight into hers. "Is that a yes?" she said, and Emily started laughing. Emily moved close to Chloe's ear.

"It's a shame you just used your diaper" she said softly, deciding to go all-out on this.

"Don't worry" Chloe responded, "someone will need to clean me" she winked at Emily, who's was quickly turning red.

SHIT'S GETTING LEWD, TO BE CONTINUED

P.S: Before I move on, would you like to see messing? I want to make this something almost everyone can enjoy, so if I see even one "yes", it's happening ;)

&&&&&&&&
