The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 3

*054*2023-06-01 23:11

Daniel’s struggle

Waking up on Friday morning Daniel automatically went to put on his usual grey suit and a fresh crisp shirt. As always he’d hung his suit up the night before and now looking at it at eye level on the back of his bedroom door he noticed a mark on the front of the trousers at the crotch. Immediately recalling the incident at the meeting the evening before he placed the entire suit in a travel bag and put on smart black trousers with a cream shirt. He’d drop the suit into the dry cleaners tomorrow morning on his way to his mum’s.

It felt strange spending a full day in the council building as Daniel preferred spending some of his day meeting clients in their homes or visiting properties. Over the last few weeks he’d spent more hours on the cruise ship than anywhere else but this course was booked in months ago and one of those mandatory things he had to attend now and again. He hadn’t mentioned it to Ellen or anyone else because he didn’t feel the need. Daniel worked on a need to know basis only and since Ellen didn’t even work for the council there was no need for her to even know anything about it. He only told her last night to explain why he had contacted her at home in the first place. That was another thing he prided himself on: never contacting anyone about work things out with work hours. Having had a workaholic as a father growing up he saw directly how this impacted his family and ultimately, in Daniel’s mind at least, it was what lead to his dad having a heart attack and passing away.

Daniel was known as a hard worker, a quiet, studious man who spoke little but achieved a lot. He was smart, immaculately dressed and took a pride in his appearance. He was known as a steady pair of hands and responsible. He was a do-er, a man of great work ethic but definitely not a man to sit about all day drinking coffee wasting time. Unfortunately for Daniel that was exactly what it appeared everyone was doing on this course as he sat for hour after hour listening to someone drone on and on about how to use the new system and the importance of filling everything in correctly due to data protection. The trainer looked like he’d not long left high school and since Daniel had already trialled the new update nothing that was being said was new to him at all.

Daniel looked out the window letting his mind wander as the day dragged on. He thought about Monday hoping the dry cleaners would have his suit cleaned in time. He thought about his mum wondering how she was, but most of all he kept thinking about a certain woman who he was missing more than he ever thought possible. If only Ellen was sitting beside him right now with her beautiful curves, witty tongue and hearty laugh. The course would be much more interesting if she was here right now.

After work Daniel did his usual end of week housework priding himself on how spotless he kept his house. He pondered with the idea of going to the pub but decided he’d rather top up his oil and water in his car in preparation for Monday. He rarely drove any sort of distance in his car and he wanted to make sure nothing could go wrong. Whilst in the garage he decided to hoover and valet the inside too, after all it wasn’t everyday he got to have someone in the passenger seat either.

He spent his Saturday, as he always did, visiting his mum who insisted, as always, of giving him individual portions of home cooked meals to take away. He mowed her lawn, cleaned her bathroom and fixed a handle that was loose on a set of drawers in her room. She cooked him dinner and then he ordered her weeks groceries online for her to be delivered on the Monday afternoon.

They talked about the weather, current affairs, the people in his mum’s knitting group who Daniel felt he knew personally by now even though he’d never met them, and anything his mum wanted doing in the house. It was pleasant and ordinary but neither ever opened up about anything meaningful or personal. That was how it had always been. In the whole day he was at his mum’s he’d eat and drink, just as she did, but yet never once did either of them excuse themselves to visit the bathroom and never once did either of them just go without saying. It just wasn’t appropriate. It wasn’t how things were done in his family.

It had always been that way. Even when he was younger and his mum would walk him home from school Daniel was never allowed to say he had to use the bathroom and he most definitely wasn’t expected to act like it. His mum was prim, quiet, respectful and strict. He was sent upstairs to change out his school clothes and only then could he use the toilet. He was then expected to come back downstairs for tea then go to boys brigade or watching TV or playing boxed games with his mum. Since his dad was never home and his mum was clearly lonely Daniel learnt just to go whenever he was allowed upstairs and just never ask. Many an evening he’d struggled through a long game of snakes and ladders or cards with his mum desperate to use the toilet and longing for bedtime. He eventually used to hint he had some homework or reading he had to do for the following day just so he could get away to piss.

Now as an adult he’d mostly got used to it. There were some Saturday’s he’d sit in the arm chair listening to his mum talking with his legs crossed longing for her to suggest it might be time he went home. Or he’d be washing the dishes for her struggling to stand still. He loved his mum but he always, always, loved the opportunity to get back home, and just as it was on work days, he would take the stairs two at a time breathlessly trying not to piss himself.

That Saturday was no different as he struggled to carry the bag full of meals to his car without showing his mum how urgently he needed to pee. She always stood at her door waving and he always waved back as he drove away. Then just out of sight he’d have to pinch his crotch or bounce in the seat and get home as quickly as possible.

Thankfully on a Sunday, alone all day p, he could actually pee freely whenever he wanted. Sunday was the day of rest from his struggles and why he never wanted that to change.

*057*2023-06-02 22:30

What matters to Ellen

Ellen woke sharp on Saturday morning getting a few essential things done around the house before heading to the bus stop at the end of her street. Driving for work was one thing but she never drove into the centre of the city having realised quickly that the cost of parking required a mortgage these days and public transport was far cheaper and easier.

She always looked forward to her Saturdays in the Crisis charity shop. It was where she could truly be herself, feel accepted for who she was and in some small way repay them for all they had done for her. Although her body wasn’t built for moving furniture she revelled in the presentation side of things and was often set the task of making the window displays. More than any of that thought she thrived on helping people, in finding what they were looking for and giving them a reason to smile. No two days were ever the same and you never knew who would come in or what they were looking for.

Even sorting through the copious donations was good fun trying to imagine who had owned some of the stuff before or what on earth their houses looked like. The only time it made Ellen just a little sad was when entire bin bags came in all with clothes in the same size and similar style, often from an older person who had obviously passed away. Ellen always took extra care with those things checking the pockets thoroughly and treated every item with extra care.

Most of the regular volunteers knew her well but only Margo knew her full story and that’s how Ellen liked it. Margo was almost 70 now, long retired, but still as active as ever. She was like a grandma to Ellen often buying her lunch from the nearby bakers or handing her money if she thought Ellen needed it. When the shop was quiet, which it rarely was these days, she always made time to catch up with Ellen’s news and she was the first person Ellen ever invited to her flat when she first got the keys. Only Margo knew just how big a deal it was for Ellen finally having her own place and a full time job. Ellen owed so much to Margo, though today they hadn’t managed to say more than good morning to each other as there was so much to do.

At least being busy all day kept Ellen from thinking of Daniel. In fact it wasn’t unto she was travelling home on the bus again that his name even came into her head. Back home she had plenty to occupy her too with making a meal, tidying up and checking emails that she’d missed all day. Tonight she also wanted to troll through all the online property sites again, determined to find somewhere for Oleksandr and his family. She knew only too well what it felt like to be let down again and again and be moved miles from everyone you knew. Daniel might think it ok to uproot a whole community but she certainly didn’t.

Sunday morning Ellen had a soak in the bath before a quick lunch. She never normally went to the cruise ship at the weekend but today was an exception. Picking up a gift bag with some new clothes and a small toy Ellen drove the familiar route to the port feeling honoured to have been invited to Ihor’s second birthday, his first one away from the war. There was a number of children still on board the Adventurer II and every birthday had become a moment to celebrate for everyone on board, a rare chance for everyone to get together and sing, dance, and have fun even in the midst of a very trying situation. Ellen might not understand the language or traditions but she felt the sense the sense of community greatly.

This was what she feared more than anything that everyone would lose: the friendships, support and activities that living on a cruise ship gave them all. As Ellen hugged Inna, Ihor’s mum, and gave her the gift bag she felt a tear roll down her cheek. Whatever happened in just a matter of weeks she wouldn’t see any of these incredible people again and that broke her heart more than anyone would understand.

*058*2023-06-03 14:58

What matters to Daniel

Daniel woke frustrated and stressed early on Monday. The dry cleaners hadn’t had his suit ready on time meaning he had to iron another shirt and trousers and try and find a suit jacket to match. Looking the part mattered greatly to Daniel as it did to both his family too. He didn’t think his father had ever even owed a pair of jeans let alone worn them when he was alive and his mum was always immaculate even if she was just hanging washing out! Even as a child Daniel had been dressed in smart clothing just incase anyone came to visit. Now living alone it had become part of who he was and the thought of not wearing a matching suit horrified him. Finding a beige suit near the back of his wardrobe Daniel signed with relief checking himself in his full length mirror while running a hand through his hair. The light suit contrasted with his dark skin wonderfully but he still felt anxious.

Daniel was never this nervous going anywhere. Driving wasn’t the issue nor being miles from home. The one thing making Daniel antsy and anxious was the simple fact that he was going to be alone with Ellen for several hours of the day. After Friday night he knew himself well enough to know that as soon as he saw Ellen he would once again hear the noise of her peeing loudly and imagine how desperate she must have been. How was he meant to think of anything else? How was he meant to have her so close that he could touch her, smell her and hear her voice yet not be able to do anything? The thought she might not feel similar frustrated him so much. They hadn’t exactly seen eye to eye in the last few days and the prospect of not signing a deal with the local authority for the tower block was far too risky. He’d have to somehow keep his mind on the road and not on Ellen and pretend Friday night never happened. He just wasn’t sure how possible that would be.

Arriving early he waiting in the port carpark struggling to see through the mist and drizzle. Keeping the engine running on his Audi so the demister stayed on Daniel looked all around for any signs of Ellen. She wasn’t usually late for anything so he hoped today would be no exemption.

Just then he saw her approaching with a bright yellow umbrella and a bright flowery anorak. Wanting to show he could be a gentlemen even though he’d never felt the need to do it before Daniel jumped out his car, walked around the front of it and opened the passenger door for Ellen to get in. As she pulled her umbrella down and dropped it in the footwell Daniel suggested she take off her anorak as the car would be warm. Ellen did as requested and as Ellen sat in the car Daniel folded her anorak neatly and placed it at her feet next to the umbrella. 

With Ellen being on the curvier side there was very little room though and as Daniel stood back up the back of his arm accidentally brushed Ellen’s knees making him jump. Thankfully Ellen said nothing but with her once again wearing leggings Daniel felt like he’d touched her body, a thought that turned him on instantly. He used the time it took to close Ellen’s door and walk back round to the drivers side to think about the tower blocks and signing the deal, anything to take his mind off the fact he’d just touched Ellen Hemmingdale.

Daniel got himself comfortable and strapped in before pressing a button on his built in sat nav and reversing out of the car park. Ellen hadn’t spoken a word yet and he could sense she was as nervous as he was so he put the radio on low to try and make things easier. He’s just stopped at the first major junction at a red light when Ellen spoke for the first time.

“Is that the postcode we’re going to on the bottom right of the screen there?”

“Yes. Yes it is.”

Daniel glanced over at Ellen who was now typing something into her phone.

“Dundee! What the heck Daniel! That’s miles away! I thought it was maybe the next local authority along or something, not bloody half way across Scotland! I’m not sure about this to be honest. How are the refugees meant to get to Dundee? Have you thought about that even? I’m really not sure about this at all.”

Having to drive again as the lights changed Daniel tried to reassure his passenger in his usual steady but quiet demeanour.

“That’s what the support package is for. They’ve moved from Ukraine already. This is nothing compared with that.”

Ellen seemed satisfied with that, or so Daniel presumed, as she remained quiet for quite some time after that, not speaking again until he broke the silence almost ten minutes later as he commented under his breath about one of his all time bugbears when driving: slow moving lorries in the middle lane of the motorway!

*059*2023-06-03 21:23

The car journey begins: Ellen

Monday came all too quickly for Ellen as she noticed the rain out her bedroom window as she woke up. She tried so hard to stay strong, stay positive, but sometimes she felt more lonely than words could ever describe. Forcing herself to get up out of her comfortable bed she showered, washed her hair, attempted to style it as she blew it dry then made herself some tea and toast for breakfast.

She’s secretly hoped her manager might have vetoed today’s visit to the tower blocks when she told him on Friday at the office but instead he’d been thrilled and told Ellen he trusted her to represent the charity and he was keen to hear how it went. He added, in true Andrew style, that he wished there was the same enthusiasm from government to help the homeless locally and Ellen had agreed. A few of her colleagues had been just as frustrated as Andrew as word had spread at how many properties Ellen had secured for the refugee community when the same landlords and housing associations frequently claimed to have nothing available for local people. She knew having Daniel Omari working with her had been a major factor in her success and her colleagues knew it too. More than one of them had joked that they felt he had the hots for her but Ellen had found that hard to believe given how she looked compared to everyone else.

Putting on her brightest raincoat to cheer herself up and grabbing her umbrella she drove the all too familiar route to the city port. The sea mist and rain made looking for Daniel’s car hard but eventually she spotted him facing away from the cruise ship. Wondering if that had any significance she walked towards his car as he came out to open her door. Daniel’s car was immaculate inside like he’d just picked it up brand new from the showroom. That didn’t really surprise Ellen given how well presented Daniel always was himself. She so wanted to ask where they were going but felt awkward, especially so after Daniel’s arm had lightly rubbed her knee as he insisted on putting her coat at the footwell. Was that his way of implying she was too large? He wouldn’t be the first to think that that was for sure.

Ellen could feel her anxiety increasing after that. Enough was enough and she had to know where they were going now. Sitting in a car being driven by a suited male was bringing back memories she didn’t like one bit. Why did so many men feel it was ok to be so secretive about everything? Having learnt detective skills from a young age Ellen decided to look at the car satnav rather than ask Daniel. He’d had plenty opportunities to tell her where this tower block was and hadn’t so it was time to ask him directly. Doing a quick search on her phone Ellen was shocked and angry when google brought up Dundee as the location. That was what? One and a half to two hours away. 

Experience had taught Ellen that that could mean a whole different dialect and culture on top of not knowing anyone or how to get anywhere. She knew how that felt and hated it. While she’d never actually had a foster family in Dundee itself she’d had 12 addresses since she was 6, not including her current house or the friends and families sofas she’d slept on for years or her short time on the streets. Did Daniel have any idea of the stress moving that sort of distance away caused people? His sharp reply about the refugees having already moved from Ukraine told her most definitely didn’t.

Ellen gazed out the passenger window not wanting Daniel to see how frustrated she was. Like the many times she’d been driven to the next foster home by a social worker she knew logically that it had to happen but that didn’t stop her feeling like she’d failed herself and others yet again. She sensed an inevitability about it all that saddened her and broke her. Lost deep in thought she almost forgot Daniel was beside her until he muttered something about lorry drivers.

Turning now to look at him she wondered if she would see him much if the tower block thing worked out. She’d been the only one on the team at the charity who volunteered to work with the refugees initially, though a few had since joined her, and prior to that she’d only ever known Daniel’s name as an email address at the council. With just weeks to go until the ship left port Ellen realised she’d actually miss seeing Daniel around. In recent weeks as the intensity of the countdown loomed, they had actually became closer as Ellen suddenly remembered his call on Friday night and the meeting beforehand.

She had at least another hour or more in the car with him so they may as well talk she decided. The silence wasn’t exactly relaxing and the radio was pretty rubbish too. Ellen decided to lighten the mood and get to know her work colleague more. They might work together but they didn’t really know much about each other at all. While Daniel speeded along the motorway she thought of something to ask him.

“So what made you want to become a housing officer then? Sorry I just thought we may as well get to know each other a bit more since we are alone for quite some time, don’t you? Oh and is that a new suit? You’ve only ever wore a grey one before, unless I’m mistaken?”

“I did a degree in economics. The council had an undergraduate apprenticeship program. It just kind of happened I guess. And the dry cleaners messed up. My grey suit wasn’t ready in time.”

Trying to keep the conversation going despite Daniel’s brief replies Ellen carried on talking.

“Dry cleaners! Wow. I guess that’s the first they have let you down since it’s all I have ever seen you wearing. Could you not have just put it in the washing machine?. Not that I’m saying I don’t like the grey…”

“It’s not machine washable. Too expensive for that and the trousers had a…a mark on them.I would wear this one more often but it’s not as easy to keep clean being so light.”

Ellen looked closer at Daniel’s suit allowing her eyes to wander from his chest to his upper legs before suddenly recalling what the ‘mark’ might have been on his other trousers. How had she forgotten about that? She had to admit he looked incredible in beige as she blushed a little as she recalled seeing Daniel last Friday at the meeting. He might be frustrating, annoying and elusive at times but she had to admit he was a handsome man who she’d love to have some fun with. If only he’d relax a bit and chill. If only he wasn’t so formal.

*060*2023-06-04 13:51

The car journey begins: Daniel

Daniel was pleased when Ellen finally spoke again, though by goodness was she nosy he realised as she questioned him first about his career choices, then his clothing choices. Conversations were never his strong point but feeling obligated to talk he decided to return the same question to his passenger since he was concentrating too much on driving right now to think of anything more original. At least he didn’t have to look at Ellen or give eye contact. That definitely made things easier.

“So what made you want to work for a homeless charity then?”

“I like helping people I guess. I can empathise with them. We’ve all had our struggles haven’t we? I mean but for the grace of God go I. I suppose I kind of think that could be any one of us really. Everyone needs help sometimes.”

“A lot of people only have themselves to blame though.”

“Do you really think that? I don’t. People do things for a reason. No one chooses to become an alcoholic or a drug addict in my experience. No one chooses to be homeless. None of the people on the Adventurer II chose to have their towns bombed.”

“That’s different.”

“Is that why you’ve been so amazing at finding places for so many of them? You know we’re the talk of the Shelter office don’t you? They can’t believe you’ve found so many properties when we’ve really struggled as a charity to get landlords and the council to help local folk. We’ve had a few locals kicking up stink too wondering why the refugees have been getting houses before them. I’m not looking forward to returning to local work when that cruise leaves. Saying that I doubt many of the locals would want to live in a tower block in Dundee.”

“Beggars can’t be choosers Ellen. It’s a roof over their heads isn’t it. Home is what you make it.”

“I guess. It’s just…well constantly being uprooted is…unsettling. Stressful. Exhausting. I know we don’t have much choice with this but the only reason I agreed to come was to make sure those refugees get the support they need. I don’t know how I can do that if they are in Dundee. Geez Dundee Dan. Could it be any further away?”

Daniel flinched. He was never called Dan. Why did Ellen call him that? He hadn’t been called that since he was a child. He swallowed and was just about to attempt to reply when he was interrupted by his mobile ringing. Clicking to answer on the hands free he was glad Ellen had gone silent to allow him to take the call. It was his counterpart Keith from Dundee city council apologising for the short notice but asking if the meet up at the flats could be later that afternoon. There was a delay with the contractor who needed to be there for health and safety reasons but he could still do 2:30pm if that worked?

Knowing how badly he needed this to go ahead, and the fact they were over half way there already, Daniel agreed and ended the call. He knew he hadn’t asked Ellen if that was ok with her but what choice had he had? Now he felt a little guilty though as he quietly asked Ellen if that was ok. Not that he could change it if it wasn’t. He wouldn’t have time to take her back then get back to Dundee in time never mind the wasted petrol and time that would take.

“I hope that’s ok with you? Sorry about this.”

“You didn’t postpone it did you? I suppose on a positive we’ve got time for a cuppa now. I don’t know about you but I’m gasping for some tea.”

Daniel only ever pulled off the road for fuel when driving but he felt he owed it to Ellen on this occasion since he’d not only invited her but had now commandeered her entire day without her having any say in it. Seeing a sign for services up ahead he indicated to pull into the left hand lane ready to pull off at the next exit. They had plenty time to spare now so why not.

*061*2023-06-04 23:12

Tea with Daniel

Hearing Daniel’s phone ring Ellen sat quietly feeling embarrassed to hear the call. Although he didn’t say much Daniel seemed nervous taking the call with her in the car. Hearing the news of the delayed meeting first hand Ellen hoped the time would go quickly. Obviously it wasn’t Daniel’s fault that everything was delayed but right now 2:30 seemed forever away There was no use bemoaning though as neither of them could do anything about it. They may as well make the most of it she figured as she was at least grateful they could now stop for a cuppa. With the rain still drizzling the car was hot with the heater on continuously and combined with her nervousness at being alone with Daniel she now felt parched. Suggesting it to Daniel she was happy to see him move lanes and indicate to come off at the next roundabout.

Having not really noticed before that they were actually on the A9 and not a motorway Ellen was shocked at what she saw. Expecting a full parking area and a building with various amenities inside what they actually drove into was a glorified petrol station with an attached shop. They didn’t need to even exit the car to realise that there was no coffee shop around. There was a travel lodge hotel and some sort of restaurant but it wasn’t until Daniel spoke that Ellen even saw the McDonald’s.

“Looks like that’s your only choice I think.”

“Oh. Not my favourite place for a cuppa but I’m sure it will do.”

Ellen sat patiently while Daniel carried on driving slowly towards the restaurant navigating around the small car park before finding himself somehow in the drive through lane. Ellen wasn’t sure if that was deliberate but she didn’t feel she could ask. At least she was getting a drink which she so desperately wanted. There was only one car in front of them and before she knew it a voice asked if they could help them.

“A tea and a latte please.”

Ellen leaned forward to get her purse out of her handbag at her feet but Daniel had paid before she even got her purse out.

“What do I owe you?”

“Nothing. Call it my apology for not telling you where the tower block was before this morning.”

Daniel handed Ellen the drinks with a wink as he preceded to park the car and turn the engine off. Ellen then handed him his drink and thanked him, noticing that he seemed somewhat more relaxed now as he unfastened his seatbelt and took a sip of his drink.

“We’ve only got another half an hour to go now.”

“Only? You make it sound like Dundee is just next door to Glasgow not, what, 70 odd miles away.”

“It’s not far.”

“Greenock’s not far, Paisley’s not far. Even Cumbernauld isn’t too far. But Dundee? It’s the other side of the country! You reckon young Taras can commute from Dundee to Glasgow for college every day then? What about Myroslava and her part time job cleaning? How is she meant to get to work from Dundee and still get back for Katrya getting out from school? And Inna has just heard back about getting Ihor in nursery part time now he’s just turned two. She was showing me the letter just yesterday. You try telling them that Dundee isn’t far Daniel.”

“Inna showed you a letter yesterday?”

Ellen could feel Daniel looking at her intensely as she sipped her hot tea. What did it matter to him anyway? He clearly didn’t care for those people like she did.

“Actually for your information yes. It was Ihor’s birthday and Inna invited me to celebrate with them.”

Ellen turned to face Daniel who was looking at her wide eyed like she’d said something so strange to him.

“It was actually lovely Daniel. Really lovely. Hearing them all singing in Ukrainian, dancing to their music and eating their own traditional foods. It wasn’t like the birthday parties of the kids here with entertainers and party bags and all that it was like…like one big family I suppose. All coming together in support and celebration of a little two year old they have all watched crawl for the first time then take his first steps and say his first words. It was so moving really. They’re amazing people really. Truly amazing.”

Still looking at her closely, more relaxed and curious now Ellen couldn’t help but notice that Daniel seemed different now they were in a car drinking beverages miles from home. Even though he was clearly still in a formal suit he seemed somehow less formal, more human, but then he furrowed his brow and spoke.

“Don’t you ever think you are too attached to them though? I know your job is to support them but don’t you feel you’ve perhaps…I don’t know…maybe stopped looking objectively at things because you have become friends with them all?”

Ellen paused for thought taking another sip of her tea as Daniel sipped his coffee almost in unison.

“It’s just who I am Daniel.”

“I know. It’s quite….endearing in a way.”

Ellen looked out the front window of the car wondering what to make of that. What did Daniel mean? Was he humouring her or did he actually like her? This was all so strange, so unreal. Struggling to know what to say now she decided to remain quiet as she felt her cheeks redden a little. After a minute, which actually seemed so much longer, Daniel spoke again, this time not actually looking at her.

“Sorry if I embarrassed you.”

“It’s fine. I just…well I always thought you hated the fact I was close to them all. You always look away from me when I mention them by name or share personal news from any of them. I assumed you found it unprofessional or something. You know something? There’s a few of the community on that cruise who don’t even know your name! I mean we’ve been working to secure housing for them all for a full 12 months now and some don’t even know who you are? Does that shock you Daniel?”

“No. Not really.”

“Well it shocked me when I mentioned you to Taras and Vladislav and they looked at me like they had no idea when I was talking about. Oh by the way you do know they are now official? They were holding hand’s yesterday at the party and had arms around each other. So sweet.”

“Official? Which ones are they again?”

“You know Taras: 23 year old, blond lad. Plays the guitar? I always thought he was gay but you don’t mention these things do you? Vladislav…you might not remember him. Think he was one of the much earlier ones we found a place for. He started at Glasgow college of Art and we got him into the student accommodation from memory. Lovely lad.”

Ellen felt relaxed talking about the refugees. She couldn’t help but smile whenever she thought of them all. Smiling she turned to face Daniel who had turned to look at her too. For once he was smiling too as he took a gulp of his coffee and Ellen noticed his eyes shining over the cardboard takeaway cup. Pulling his cup from his lips Ellen couldn’t help but giggle as her eyes were drawn to Daniel’s face.

“What?”

“I take it you took the lid off?”

Sitting so close to Daniel Ellen could feel his cheeks warming like he was blushing, though being darker skinned he hid it easily.

“Yes. Why?”

“You’ve got a latte moustache. Here let me get it for you.”

*064*2023-06-05 07:54

{{5 hours ago, JD0417 said:

Anymore female pee holding desperation in this story?

}}

Yes. Keep reading. It’ll be worth it.

*065*2023-06-05 10:45

{{4 hours ago, BlueRaven said:

I'm hoping they both get desperate

}}

I’d say that’s very likely

*067*2023-06-05 21:55

Coffee in the car with Ellen

Pulling off the roundabout Daniel drew into the fuel station looking everywhere for the services. Slowing right into first gear he spotted a restaurant in the distance and a budget hotel but other than the convenience store attached to the fuel station the only other building was a small McDonald’s. It looked old and worn and Daniel imagined the inside to be dated and dirty. Following the signs to the drive-through he navigated the tiny car park before ordering the drinks and paying by card. He rarely carried cash so definitely didn’t want any money from Ellen. Not that her tea even cost much anyway.

Finding the quietest spot to park in he took his drink from Ellen and unbuckled his belt. Before turning the engine off he lowered the front windows just enough to prevent the windscreen misting over fully. The latte was surprisingly good but the company was even better. Breaking the silence he commented that they were close to their destination now and he smiled as Ellen responded in her all too familiar way. She seemed to think Dundee was Australia or something the way she was going on. She also seemed to forget the ship was never a permanent abode and that everyone would have to move on sooner or later. If they’d got jobs or started education then then wasn’t his problem. It was as it was and that was it.

Then Ellen mentioned a letter from one of them. Did she just say she saw it yesterday? But that was Sunday? Asking Ellen to clarify Daniel realised he wasn’t at all surprised at the fact Ellen had been invited to a party on board the Adventurer II. Looking at her closely as she animatedly spoke about the party and people on the ship Daniel couldn’t help but gaze at her sparking eyes and her glowing complexion. How had he not seen before how special Ellen really was? She’d started exactly like him, a total stranger, tasked with the job of securing accommodation for people who didn’t speak English, didn’t know Scotland at all and who had just fled from a war hundreds of miles away, traumatised and most only possessing the clothes they had on. Within weeks she was rattling off names from over 1300 people like they were her best friends and recalling everything about them. That was a true gift if ever there was one.

Feeling he was suddenly getting very attracted and attached to his colleague Daniel commented back to Ellen, though he was talking about himself in many ways too.

“Don’t you ever think you are too attached to them though? I know your job is to support them but don’t you feel you’ve perhaps…I don’t know…maybe stopped looking objectively at things because you have become friends with them all?”

Daniel took a sip of his coffee. Yes he was referring to Ellen but his own words also applied to him now too. Was he getting too attached to Ellen? He couldn’t help it. This was a dream come true to be alone with her and while there was definitely an awkwardness between them there was clearly something more there too. He had to look at Ellen again. He had to. She just looked so beautiful.

Her reply was more than Daniel could cope with when she casually said with a little shrug,

“It’s just who I am Daniel.”

At that Daniel had to suddenly look away. If he hadn’t of done so he was sure he would have kissed her and that risked far too much right now. Maybe after the deal for the tower block was signed but not before. Definitely not before.

But his mouth didn’t seem to get that message as he blurted out just a fraction of what he was truly thinking. As soon as the word ‘endearing’ was out his mouth he stared out of the slightly misty windscreen wanting to scream. Had he ruined everything? The silence was unbearable. Drinking more coffee to distract himself and calm his nerves he cleared his through and apologised quietly.

Phew! It looked like Ellen had assumed he’d meant just about her talking about the refugees and not her personally. She was back to going on about then again like they were her best friends. So they didn’t know who he was? Why would he care? Maybe it was safe to look at her in the eye again? Feeling more relaxed now that Ellen seemed ok Daniel took the lid off his latte, swirled the remaining liquid then downed the lot in one go putting the empty cup in the cup holder between the seats where Ellen had already put hers. Looking at Ellen again now he wanted to laugh. He felt free being with her, more relaxed than ever.

It was actually Ellen who laughed though as Daniel narrowed his eyes playfully as if asking what was so funny. Trying to make out what Ellen was saying was hard as her lips drew him and mesmerised him. It was something about his latte though. Then she bend down looking into her handbag as Daniel stared at her captivated by her large breasts that now touched her thighs as she bent forward. She was everything he wanted and so much more besides, but he had to stay professional.

How was he meant to be touched on his face by such a beautiful curvy woman and not kiss her? Daniel’s self control eluded him as Ellen’s face drew nearer and her warm fingers dabbed the sensitive area around his upper lip. Bending forwards slightly to help her reach the glow in Ellen’s eyes drew him, her body pulled him, her lips enticed him until he couldn’t help but reach up and hold the hand Ellen had just used to touch his tips with a tissue as their faces were so close he could feel Ellen’s warm breath on his cheek. Just a centimetre more and their lips could touch. He paused for a fraction of a second taking in every detail of Ellen’s face, studying her brown eyes, staring at her in wonder. If Ellen pulled away right now he’d know she didn’t feel the same. This would be nothing more than a close call.

But Ellen didn’t pull away as Daniel bridged the tiny gap tentatively until his lips brushed Ellen’s ever so sensitively, ever so gently. Ellen gently let his hand go like she was about to possibly push him away. Daniel’s heart beat loudly as adrenaline raced through every vein in his body. Moving his lips just a little he suddenly felt warm and giddy as Ellen placed her hands on the back of his head and pursed her lips more against his: Closer, tighter, more enthusiastically, more passionately than he dared to believe.

God this felt amazing, sexy, frightening. This was much more than he dreamt possibly as neither hurried to let go. Embracing the moment for as long as it took Daniel wanted time to stand still. Ellen seemed in no hurry to break away either but as his lips tingled and warmed more than he’d ever felt before Daniel longed to have just another look at Ellen. Slowly pulling away but waiting for Ellen’s hand to come back so he could touch it again he let his fingers hold on where his mouth still wanted to. If only they weren’t in a McDonald’s car park at Broxden services. He was ready and oh so willing for more but now just wasn’t the time.

*068*2023-06-06 23:22

After the kiss: Ellen

Searching for a tissue in her bag by her feet Ellen could sense Daniel’s eyes on her. He was still looking directly at her as she leaned nearer him to clean his mouth. His cheeks glowed and his eyes sparkled and Ellen felt shivers down her back. A foreboding feeling washed over her as her heart raced and her hand moved ever closer to Daniel’s mouth. She just couldn’t quite reach but then Daniel leaned ever closer to the point she could smell his breath as she gently dabbed his upper lip to clean it. The white milk particles twinkled in the light of the car against his dark skin making it easier to see. As she carefully wiped the last spot away and removed her arm Daniel grabbed it, not forcefully just gently and calmly. Feeling his hands touching her skin felt like electricity running through her as their eyes locked intently and their faces seemed destined to collide.

Time seemed to freeze as Ellen watched Daniel’s deep green eyes study her face carefully. She wanted to giggle, to squeal with delight, but instead she couldn’t take her eyes off the man right beside her who she’d wanted for so so long. Millimetre by millimetre she could sense they were still getting closer to each other when suddenly she felt her lips quivering and tingling as Daniel’s lips touched hers. It was just a tiny touch but her body craved so much more. It was now or never she felt as she let her arm slip away from Daniel’s grip so she could hold Daniel’s neck instead. There was no way he was getting away. If he thought that little brush was enough he was sadly mistaken! Feeling the hairs on his warm neck Ellen feel thrilled, excited, and elated as she drew Daniel’s face even closer to her as their lips joined as one, their tongues meeting and greeting each other excitedly.

Ellen explored Daniel’s mouth and lips like this was the one and only time she might get to do so. She planned to remember this for forever, treasure every sensation and emotion, see what movements made Daniel flinch, show him she was special. Despite getting less oxygen in her lungs as their mouths sealed together she didn’t want to be the one who pulled away first. Terrified this might be the last time she ever got to kiss Daniel she was determined to make it last as long as she could. Finally Daniel pulled back gently but as he reached out for her hand as her arms dropped away from his neck Ellen knew that he had clearly enjoyed what had happened. Still looking at him, his lips now puffy and bright red and his cheeks darker than usual Ellen had the biggest smile ever. This wasn’t what she’d planned but now what did they do?

Not wanting to spoil the moment Ellen sat there quietly with Daniel’s hand still holding hers. They didn’t have to leave just yet but she needed processing time, time to allow the adrenaline to calm, time to figure out where they go from here. Thinking allowed her words came out before she’d even realised.

“So….where do we go from here then?”

“I was thinking Dundee? I heard there was this tower block that was worth seeing. What’ya reckon?”

Ellen smiled. As places to go to on a damp Monday morning went it wasn’t her first choice but since they were nearly there then why not. At least now she’d have time to check the area out more before the meeting which was a huge positive. There was no way she’d send any of the refugees this far to live without knowing for certain they had access to the supper they needed and the amenities in the area were suitable.

“Sounds good to me too.”

And at that Daniel gave Ellen one last stroke on her hand before turning and doing up his seatbelt and starting the car engine. The rain was finally getting lighter and the sun was doing it’s best to peek through the clouds as they drove along the A90 seeing signs for Dundee ahead. The closer they came to the city the more the satnav seemed to awaken from slumber. The city centre was busier than Ellen expected but the directions were clear and within minutes of seeing the sign for the city of Dundee they were parked up in a empty car park facing a 12 storey tower block which with security fencing all around it.

“So this is it then?”

“According to the sat nav.”

Ellen was itching to see it and with the rain now stopped she opened her door to get out hoping Daniel would follow. At first her legs felt wobbly but the cool air and her curiously soon send blood rushing to her legs and feet to steady herself quickly. Gazing up at the tall white building with rows and rows of windows and small balconies Ellen suddenly felt tiny. Could she actually imagine Oleksandr and his family, or Myroslava and Katrya living here? It was a vast imposing building but, as Daniel had very stubbornly pointed out, they would be close to each other at least and not sprawled all over Glasgow and beyond. Seeing it in the flesh now the realisation that this very building might mean that finally every refugee would be housed and off the cruise ship and have a place to call home sent shivers of excitement through Ellen’s body.

Turning to see if Daniel was around Ellen saw the empty car and wished she’d put her anorak on. The breeze from the high location was making her chilly despite the clouds beginning to part and the cold air was going right through her body making her aware that she needed a wee. That tea earlier wasn’t helping matters one bit. She did love a good cuppa but it had a terrible habit of running through her quickly. Seeing Daniel coming from around the fencing she wondered if she should mention it to him. Maybe there was a pub nearby that was open soon? Or a supermarket even? She looked up at the tall distinctive building again as Daniel came closer. She’d be ok for a bit but it would definitely be wiser to start looking for a loo sooner rather than later.

*069*2023-06-07 23:08

After the kiss: Daniel

Logic told Daniel he had to let go of Ellen but his heart wasn’t wanting to listen. He’d kissed a few ladies in his time but nothing, absolutely nothing, compared in any way to what he’d just experienced. His whole body was alert and eager to go as he looked out the front windscreen away from Ellen just to try and calm down his hard manhood and his racing heart. The silence now wasn’t like the silence earlier. Now it was peaceful, relaxing, with neither of them wanting to spoil the tranquility of the moment.

Then Ellen said something. It was quiet but Daniel smiled on hearing her voice. Assuming she was hinting at getting back on the road he played along as he restarted the engine and drove back onto the A90. The sun was now burning it’s way through the cloud and Daniel had to concentrate to see on the fast road. Already there were signs to Dundee and he was so relieved when the satnav began directing again after a period of silence. Listening careful as the city traffic built up quickly he was shocked at just how close the final destination was.

Pulling up to an empty car park he reversed into a space so both he and Ellen could see the vast building in front of them clearly. A portion of the car park was unusable due to high security fencing all around the building. Signs were attached to the fencing alerting everyone to the danger of entering and Daniel saw what he thought might be a sign saying the building was due to be demolished, though from inside the car he couldn’t make it out fully.

Ellen opened her door quickly and Daniel followed right after, glad to be stretching his legs after sitting for so long. Despite liaising with his counterpart in Dundee for a few days he realised now how little he actually knew about where they were. Keen to have a nosy he closed the car door and buzzed it to lock then walked around the building a bit to explore. He was right in thinking the sign was about the building being demolished but there was also signs of more recent work with fresh paint on the main entrance door and a new looking sign on the entrance. Walking back towards Ellen, who was still gazing at the building deep in thought, he checked his watch for the time. It was only just coming up for 11am which meant they still had hours yet before they were due to meet the housing officer, the contractor and whoever else had been invited along.

“So…what do you think? I had a wee walk about and it looks like there’s at least one other tower block behind. I wonder what the plans are for that. You want to come see?”

Daniel put his hand out towards Ellen unsure if she’d take it or not. Sure they had kissed but neither had agreed or discussed the matter and if that meant anything or if it was just a ‘one off’. He desperately hoped Ellen felt the same as he did, and going by how she had kissed him he was pretty sure she did, but he knew enough to never assume. Either Ellen never saw his hand or didn’t want to take it but she did at least follow him as they walked together around the side of the huge building seeing another identical building behind it. 

Still walking they passed that to see yet another identical tower block again. Wondering by now how many there were Daniel was relieved to see that the fourth one was the last as they walked around the back of that one and past the others back towards the car. There was an eeriness about the area with no one around. There were four story tenement flats facing the towers but the other sides were completely exposed. Daniel could only imagine how incredible the views might be from the top floors as they paused to look one more time at Tulloch Court before turning to go back to the car.

They hadn’t reached the car when Ellen spoke.

“Do you know this area at all Daniel?”

“No sorry. This is my first time ever in Dundee.”

“I guessed as much. I don’t think we are too far from the city centre going by the signs we saw coming here. You fancy going exploring a bit to see what’s around? Maybe find a supermarket or something?”

“I guess the sat nav might tell us that much.”

“I was thinking of walking? Maybe we could ask someone if we see anyone? I’d like to know what’s nearby if we are seriously thinking of bringing a cruise ship full of people to live here. It’s not like I can say to Oleksandr that you take the A whatever road to such and such a junction the take the whatever turning. There’s not one of them has a car remember.”

“You have a point I guess, but as long as we don’t get lost. I ain’t wanting any of those towers being demolished anywhere near my Audi.”

Daniel wasn’t sure what to make of Ellen’s chuckle as he realised she’d walked ahead and he sped up to catch her. Noticing she seemed to shiver slightly as a menacing cloud moved to cover the sun again he touched her arm gently to get her attention.

“You sure you don’t want to go in the car? At least let me get your anorak. It’s not looking too promising with that cloud again.”

“I’m hoping there’s maybe an indoor shopping centre or something but I guess my anorak world be wise. That’s if you don’t mind?”

Daniel realised as Ellen stood where she was that she really didn’t want to use the car so he walked back alone to pick up her anorak hoping in fact that they didn’t find an indoor mall or supermarket. The last thing he wanted to do for a few hours was trail round shops. He’d much rather have some alone time with Ellen, perhaps a nice lunch somewhere even. He just hoped they saw a restaurant on the way. He’d even settle for a little cafe right now, especially if the rain started up again. He’s still hadn’t had a chance to pick up his grey suit from the dry cleaners and the idea of his beige suit getting wet anywhere at all stressed him greatly.

*070*2023-06-08 23:25

Time alone with Daniel

Ellen was so glad to see Daniel coming from the side of the tower block. Although she had no idea what direction to go in she hoped they could explore on foot a bit so she at least had a chance to find a loo she could use without the embarrassment of having to ask Daniel to stop the car. Lost in her own thoughts she suddenly realised Daniel was walking away again so she quickly followed him not wanting to stand alone exposed in an unfamiliar area miles from home. Daniel seemed different here, more relaxed, more curious than she’d known him before. Was this how he was outside of the work environment? Ellen followed as they walked past three other huge tower blocks all identical to Tulloch Court, all surrounded by security fences and signs warning people to keep away.

At least the walking was helping her need to wee which Ellen was glad of. Arriving back where they started Ellen had a thought: maybe Daniel actually knew the area and had some idea where there was an indoor shopping centre or maybe a supermarket. Either of those ought to have loos Ellen thought. Her disappointment was palpable as Daniel confirmed the worst: he had never been to Dundee before and knew as much as she did, which was nothing. The problem was Daniel was too reliant on technology clearly and was way too eager to use his sat nav. Ellen was surprised he didn’t suggest searching on google but she wasn’t even going to mention that one!

She had to think of a plausible reason not to drive and the first thing she thought of was that none of the remaining refugees owned a car so exploring on foot would mean they could help them navigate if they moved here. It took all her powers of persuasion to get Daniel inside and even then he went on about getting her coat incase in rained. Waiting patiently until Daniel came back Ellen looked around for any hint to how to get into the city. Maybe a street name like Dundee street, or a bus going to the city, anything that might somehow take her anywhere with a public bathroom.

As Daniel finally reached her, insisting he help her put on her jacket, he reached out to take her hand. Ellen took it smiling not wanting Daniel to know anything about her growing bladder issue. As his warm hand grasped hers Ellen tried to wipe away memories of two night ago when the same man had been on the phone to her while she’s been bursting for a wee. Neither of them had dared ever mention it since but the tingling in her breasts and vagina reminded her only too obviously how thrilling it had been. Seeing a couple of cars head left Ellen guided Daniel to walk in that direction. By some miracle she hoped the were heading into the city and not away from it, but since there was no other way of knowing for sure she kept looking all around still in the hope of maybe seeing someone to ask.

The road they were on had a few shops on like an hairdressers and a small convenience store and looked promising at least. Then just as they were waiting to cross a main road towards some open grassy area Daniel spotted an older man walking a small dog. Suggesting they maybe ask him Ellen jumped at the chance walking towards him quickly to avoid losing him.

“Excuse me please sir. We are new to the area and wondering if you could maybe direct us please. We are looking for the city centre, perhaps an indoor shopping centre if there is any or perhaps if there’s a local supermarket?”

“Or a nice restaurant nearby?”

Ellen was shocked at Daniel’s voice, though the sudden thought that a restaurant would definitively have loos made her smile. Why hadn’t she thought of that before?

“Acht I’m afraid you’re heading the wrong way for all that. The city is back that way. See those towers there? Well you head back to there for starters.”

“That’s exactly where we came from!”

Ellen looked at Daniel trying to hide her frustration. Just let the guy finish what he’s saying she silently thought because as time was going on so was her need growing steadily. She wasn’t bursting yet but since they now had to head back before they could walk further to the city again things weren’t looking too good. True enough Daniel’s interruption caused exactly what Ellen feared! Now the man with the dog was asking about why they were at the towers! Surely to goodness Daniel wouldn’t say?

“What you doing at the towers? You want to watch out being there. They’re knocking them down next week. The schools are getting the kids to come see it and everything.”

“What? All four of them?”

“I think so. That’s what I heard anyway. Shame really. Saidie and I loved living there. No view quite like it.”

Despite herself and her human need Ellen was curious now. Surely at least one of the towers was staying up? If not what had they even wasted their time coming all this way for? This gent had seemed local and her suspicions had now proved right. Not only could he help them find a supermarket or shopping centre or restaurant, with of course some facilities, but he could also tell them what living in the tower block was like and give her some idea of what the area was like.

“That must feel strange your old home getting demolished. I suppose they must have been run down or all graffiti inside and stuff. Not really comfortable really?”

“Oh God no hen! They’ve gone downhill in recent years mind what with antisocial behaviour and crime and that. They put the wrong mob in you see. We got out before all that mind but cracking flats them were. Big rooms, great view. Tons of potential. And warm. We were floor 9 and all that heat rising was great in winter. Perfect location too what with the new community centre just down here and the two brand new schools now too. Dead handy for the city too. You just went the wrong way that’s all. You head back to them flats doll but stay on this street like. Cross the road and you’ll see the entrance to Wellgate shopping centre. Loads in there like. There’s a couple of places to eat too. The usual things like kfc and stuff. It’s no bad really. If you walk through there and come out the bottom doors you’ve got loads more shops again. No much of a walk at aw.”

“Is there anything, you know, more refined at all? Anywhere you recommend for a nice lunch while we’re here?”

“Mmm. You look like you’re more of the Bach kinda guy. Or maybe the Barrelman. Aye. Head down this street like a said right? Then instead of going into Wellgate take a right and follow meadowgate road down past Conroe’s pub and past the art gallery and you’ll see The Bach and The Barrelman. Expensive mind but if that’s your thing then fine by me.”

“Thank you. Thank you so much. We appreciate this. Have a nice day!”

Ellen smiled at Daniel relieved whatever option they took it looked like she’s get to a bathroom before too long. She wasn’t particularly wanting anything from the shops so if the restaurants were as near as this man said then she was happy to go there. Heading back towards the direction of the towers Daniel spoke before she did.

“I vote the restaurants.”

“Fine by me!”

*072*2023-06-09 20:48

{{6 hours ago, Marco said:

I need to know how the story continues!

}}

I’ll post the next chapter asap.

*073*2023-06-09 22:42

Time alone with Ellen

Daniel still felt nervous holding Ellen’s hand but he liked it very much. Letting Ellen lead the way he was relieved when they found someone to ask directions. There was a slight chill in the air and the idea of walking around aimlessly in an unfamiliar city didn’t exactly appeal to him. Nervously watching the sky hoping the rain would stay off his attention was peaked when the man Ellen was speaking to mentioned the tower blocks. No-one was supposed to be aware of the deal for the refugees yet so any mention of them locally made Daniel highly alert. Thankfully for him the man was clearly under the impression that all four blocks were being demolished, which had been the original plan he was lead to believe from his colleague here in the city.

Now listening to everything that was being discussed with a keen ear Daniel was glad of two things: First that Ellen had kept her mouth shut about the plans for Tulloch Court and secondly that this older man was doing a grand job of selling the idea of the tower block to Ellen without him having to say a word! Even better was his parting words about how close they were to the city. This was turning out quite perfect he thought as even Ellen agreed on heading for a restaurant for some lunch!

Following the man’s directions they found the Wellgate shopping centre very quickly, both of them amazed at how they had previously managed to miss it as it now seemed so obvious. Carrying on past the art gallery Ellen commented on how busy the streets were. She was right; the streets were bustling with young people everywhere as if every young adult in Scotland had descended on Dundee all at once. Passing a small cafe on their left the reason was soon apparent from a poster in their window. It was University Freshers time and it was obvious the university was close by somewhere judging by the swarms of nosy young adults. Daniel held Ellen’s hand tighter as they navigated between crowds as he spotted The Bach on the corner.

He should have guessed before they even walked in that it was futile trying to eat there today as he struggled to even open the door with the crowds. They were greeting by a cheerful but harassed member of staff apologising that there was currently a 40 minute wait for a table. Daniel looked at Ellen who looked slightly stressed herself. It wasn’t easy to be heard over the noise of the crowd so he leant down as close to her face as he could.

“Let’s try the other one shall we?”

Ellen just nodded so Daniel navigated through the waiting crowd and through the door making sure Ellen had managed to get through too. She seemed to struggle being smaller but bigger built but finally they were both back outside again. Seeing The Barrelman just a bit further down Daniel guided Ellen as best he could towards it. Once again there was a large crowd of students all around it and Daniel decided that trying there would likely be just as useless. Pulling Ellen in and wrapping his arms around her to protect her from the crowds he looked down at her feeling frustrated.

“I’m not sure where to go now.”

“What about we just try a supermarket or head back to that shopping centre maybe?”

“I haven’t seen a supermarket yet.”

“There’s a Tesco just along there if that helps?”

Both Daniel and Ellen turned to look at the cheery young man now standing right beside them. It was clearly impossible to have a private conversation in such a busy street!

Daniel was a bit surprised by Ellen’s eagerness as she gently pushed his arms away and began heading in the direction the stranger had pointed to. Sure enough the all too familiar Tesco logo drew them as Ellen appeared particularly keen to get there. Strangely though on arrival she seemed subdued on seeing it was just a small Tesco local. Quickly reevaluating their options given they had to be back at the tower block in a few hours Daniel chose two packs of the freshest sandwiches he could find and two bottles of water and paid for them leaving Ellen to wander around. She didn’t appear to want anything as by the time he had paid she returned empty handed. At least they could hear each other in here so Daniel felt it best to say something before they left the store.

“I think we should just head to the car and have these don’t you? It’s not really what I wanted but at least we’ll have some privacy. You ok with that?”

Ellen looked like she was about to say something but changed her mind so Daniel took her hand and they headed back past The Barrelman and The Bach, towards the entrance to Westgate then up back towards the towers that they could clearly see. Heading away from the crowds of students Daniel breathed a sigh of relief seeing his precious Audi still parked where he’d left it. He was looking forward to being alone with Ellen again before they had to meet others to formally discuss things. Unlocking the car as they approached his stomach grumbled as he remembered just how long it had been since his breakfast back home in Glasgow.

*074*2023-06-10 23:06

The wait: Ellen

It seemed crazy to Ellen just how close they had actually been all this time to the city and not realised. Seeing the entrance to the indoor shopping centre she couldn’t help but wonder if they had toilets. Surely they must by law or something? She much preferred not to use public loos but she’d had to go since they got here and it was definitely distracting her more than she wanted it to now. If she’d been alone she’d definitely have wandering into the centre and explored it for loos. She just didn’t feel comfortable doing that with Daniel in tow and besides she’d agreed they could go to a restaurant so she would just use the ladies there. There’s would probably be much cleaner and better kept than shopping centre ones anyway.

Walking towards the art gallery the noise and busyness increased greatly. Despite living in Glasgow with its two big universities and various colleges she’d never recalled seeing quite so many students everywhere. Just staying on the pavement was proving challenging so she was glad to be holding Daniel’s hand. When he opened a door surrounded by people everywhere Ellen pushed her way inside feeling larger than she’d ever felt before wedged between the door and a group of loud young adults. 

Looking all around the smallish but stylish restaurant she could see every table was full. She longed to at least ask if she could pop into their loos but over the noise and bustle of the crowds she was certain the employee talking to Daniel would never hear her anyway. Even Daniel had to lean close to her ear to be heard as he suggested they try the other place. Biting her bottom lip and hoping by some miracle that that one was quieter Ellen nodded as they pushed their way back out into the fresh air.

Thankfully the Barrelman was just at the end of the street but the students were like ants everywhere around them. Then instead of even trying to get inside that one Daniel instead wrapped her close bending down looking lost. Ellen looked at his lovely face and bright eyes but all she could truly think of now was finding somewhere to wee. Suggesting they try finding a supermarket she was so delighted when a stranger heard and mentioned that there was a Tesco very close by. 

Excited to finally be able to find a bathroom she could use Ellen pulled Daniel in the direction the stranger had pointed to. Her disappointment was tangible though as she walked in only to see it was a tiny local store. Still holding onto a slither of hope though she separated from Daniel and walked right around the store secretly hoping they might have a small toilet at the back or something. She was getting bursting now and struggling to hide her predicament from anyone. In fact checking no one could see her she took a moment to squeeze her legs together and lean forwards all the time constantly looking around in case Daniel or anyone else suddenly came by.

Finding Daniel again at the till Ellen was desperate to tell him how much she had to wee but before she could say anything he commented casually suggesting they return to the car to eat and drink. This definitely wasn’t what Ellen wanted but the sheer volume of people around and the noise was getting to her and maybe in the quietness of the car she could mention something to Daniel and they could then find the loos in the shopping centre?

Ellen held Daniel’s hand as they negotiated in and out of the students back the way they had just walked. It wasn’t far but every step was jiggling Ellen’s bladder more and begging her for release. Still looking around as they walked Ellen longed to see public toilets although common sense told her that was highly unlikely. As they passed the art gallery she couldn’t help but wonder if they had a loo she could use but Daniel was single minded and pulled her towards the entrance to the shopping centre and back to the tower block.

Seeing Daniel’s car alone in the car park Ellen was starting to wonder if her plan was even going to work now. Yes they were alone and this part of the city was now quiet with almost no-one around but it was far too exposed to wee outside anywhere with the sandstone flats overlooking the car park and Daniel was clearly indicating that he wanted to have some lunch.

Sitting back in the passenger seat Ellen leaned forward struggling to get comfortable. Rubbing her thigh she wasn’t quite sure what to do now. Did she dare risk eating and drinking anything and filling her bladder further still or should she just admit her problem to Daniel and rush back to the shopping centre to hopefully find a loo? Daniel had now joined her in the car and commented how good it was to hear peace and quiet again. He was so sweet even apologising for the fact they couldn’t go to a restaurant despite none of it being his fault. He seemed nervous Ellen thought as he pulled a bottle of juice and a pack of sandwiches out the Tesco carrier bag and handed them to Ellen.

“I hope that’s ok. I wasn’t sure what you liked and couldn’t see you in the shop to ask.”

Glancing at the sandwich Ellen then looked straight ahead out the front windscreen.

“These ones are great thanks. I eat most things anyway. You sure I don’t owe you anything?”

“Of course not.”

Ellen looked across at Daniel as she shifted in her seat. She wasn’t sure she could wait now until they’d eaten their lunch but as she was just about to tell Daniel that she’d be right back she just needed something urgently from the shopping centre he took a bite of his sandwich and smiled at her. Sliding an across the top of her thigh as close to her crotch as she dared Ellen tapped her leg restlessly. Feeling flushed she looked straight out the front windscreen again nervously.

“Actually Daniel I might just nip back to that indoor centre first for something before I eat this. I won’t be long.”

Ellen was just about to push her door open and get out when Daniel put his hand on her thigh.

“If you wait a few minutes until I’ve eaten this I’ll come with you. I don’t like the idea of you alone in that crowd. I’ve never seen so many students in my life and neither of us want you getting lost. Why don’t you eat your sandwich and then when we are finished we can go together?”

*076*2023-06-11 22:15

The wait: Daniel

Alone with Ellen in the car Daniel so wished things had been different and that they were instead sitting in a nice restaurant somewhere rather than the car. He hated eating in his car always concerned about the upholstery and keeping his clothes clean. That was especially true today with his beige suit on instead of his usual grey one. Handing Ellen one of the sandwiches and bottles of juice he noticed she looked nervous now too. Apologising that he couldn’t see any other way for them to eat and asking if her sandwich was ok Daniel then opened his own sandwich as his stomach yearned for food.

He’d just taken the first bite with his mouth still full when Ellen muttered something about going to the shopping centre right away. Terrified that she’d either get lost or not be back in time for the meeting Daniel quickly swallowed his food before replying. Now looking again at Ellen she seemed flushed, anxious and fidgety. Offering to come with her after he finished his lunch he was concerned when Ellen barely seemed to respond. Looking at his sandwich and about to take a second bite he briefly looked back at Ellen who was twisting in the seat. For the first time it suddenly occurred to him that Ellen might want to find a toilet. Of course he couldn’t mention this to her though having been raised to never mention such things to anyone. He could already feel his body getting warmer and hornier watching Ellen as seeing her now all he could think about was the Thursdays evening just passed when they had been on the phone and she’d peed loudly for such a long time.

Shifting in his own seat now trying not to show any signs that his was getting rather hard very quickly he tried looking anywhere else but at Ellen. The trouble was he could still hear her shifting around and squirming and moaning quietly under her breath. Taking another bite of his sandwich to distract himself he almost choked when Ellen suddenly spoke.

“Actually Daniel I don’t really think I can wait until you have eaten. I really should have went in as we were passing. I’ll be super quick I promise! You wait here and keep eating. Honestly I will be fine.”

As she spoke Ellen had already opened the door of her car and had one leg out. Daniel reacted quickly now realising that Ellen must be really desperate to need to go right now. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust her to go alone anywhere, far from it. The problem was that they were in a strange city in the middle of Fresher’s week with thousands of students everywhere. It would be so easy for Ellen to lose track of where she was or decide to wander around the shops and Daniel was very conscious of the time too. They only had a hour and a half at the most before they had to meet up with his colleague from the council. Putting the Tesco carrier bag on his seat to protect it from any crumbs he placed his half eaten sandwich on top of the bag as he too got out the car.

“I’ll come with you.”

Ellen seemed to be struggling to get out of the car so Daniel moved quickly around the front of the car to help her. Bending down to take her arm he could hear Ellen whimper.

“I should have said earlier. I’ve been bursting for a wee for ages.”

Daniel felt weak at the knees, more attracted to Ellen than he ever thought possible and so instantly rock hard he knew there was no way he could hide it. Thankfully Ellen seemed much more preoccupied with her own troubles as Daniel stared in awe as she slid a hand between her plump legs scrunching up her top into her leggings as she reached out for his hand with the other to stand up. Pulling her up he longed to pull her close to him and kiss her with abandonment right in the open car park but sensing that was the last thing Ellen wanted he let her get out the car before gently closing the door and pressing to lock the car. Leaving everything except the car keys in his hand in the car for now he hooked his arm under Ellen’s and bent down to speak to her.

“Let’s get you sorted eh.”

What had seemed such a short walk just a few minutes ago now seemed so incredibly long as Ellen waddled and Daniel jollied her along.

“It’s not far. Look it’s just down here. See the entrance there?

“I’m so sorry Daniel.”

“No need to be. You think you’ll make it?”

“I hope so!”

Daniel felt his neck warming and his back sweating. He had no idea why but hearing Ellen commenting on how urgently she needed to urinate and watching her so desperate was so enticing. The fact that they had this private secret shared between just them seemed to draw them together even more as they walked as quickly as they could towards the Wellgate glass entrance. Pushing the doors open Daniel was shocked at what he saw. Expecting an upmarket modern indoor city shopping complex he was faced instead with an old fashioned mall with more empty shops than full ones. Seeing a sign for toilets on the third floor he headed immediately for the escalator still reassuring Ellen as best he could.

“Looks like they’re on the third floor. You’re so close now.”

As they approached the escalator though they saw a sign attached by string which was hand written and simply read ‘out of order. Please use lift.’. Spinning around Daniel’s eyes darted in every direction looking for a lift as he guided Ellen towards the one lift he saw hoping it was working. Pressing to call it he was visibly relieved to see the doors open almost instantly with the added bonus of no one else being around. As the doors slowly closed Ellen pulled her arm out from Daniel’s as she bent forwards again now pushing both hands between her legs.

Daniel stared at Ellen feeling his face redden and his penis throbbing. Even though he’d been focussed on getting to the shopping centre his hormones hadn’t settled at all. Hoping for dear life that Ellen hadn’t spotted the obvious lump in his trousers he waited eagerly for the lift to reach the third floor. Either the floors of the centre were huge or the lift was incredibly slow because time felt like it was frozen as Daniel watched Ellen openly squirm as she now used one hand to push against the side of the lift to tense her entire body. She didn’t need to say anything as her actions said it all: Ellen was obviously struggling and Daniel had no way of doing anything about it anymore.

Finally the lift doors opened at what Daniel guessed was meant to be a food court. Surveying all around as he stepped out the lift he saw three quarters of the units empty with just one lonesome Burger King at one end. The empty chairs all around looked well used and dirty as Daniel continued searching urgently for the signs to the toilets. As soon as he saw them he took Ellen’s arm and pulled her towards them but the closer they got the more they both realised there was a problem. Hoping by some magic power that all would be ok by the time they got there Daniel wanted to scream inside his head as right in front of them was a metal turnstile blocking Ellen or anyone else from entering the toilets without first paying.

Digging his hand into his pocket Daniel already knew it was useless. He never carried cash these days and paid everything by card. Seeing the slot for a 20 pence coin he looked expectantly at Ellen who was now openly walking towards him still holding her crotch.

“Have you got change?”

It took a moment for Ellen to process what Daniel had said as Daniel watched her face go from shock to horror to aghast.

“My purse is in your car. I…I can’t wait any longer Daniel.”

