One too Many at the Game

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2019-06-26 23:27

Katelyn sucked and sucked on her large cola. It was a hot day at the baseball stadium, and they stopped at s McDonald’s on the way since they’d be waiting outside a while before it opened. They have free hats to first fifty people in, sadly, she didn’t get one. While her friends Timmy and Ashley did. She wore a purple hoodie which opened at the zipper and had a black t shirt underneath. Sneakers, dark blue jeans that weren’t too tight, but not very lose either. Her hair wrapped in a dark ponytail, and the slurping Noise of liquids splashing against ice in her cup sounded off.

“Here’s your cola Kate,” Said Tommy as they left the snack stand.

“Thank you dude!” She said. She started in her second large cola from the stadium, and was halfway done by the time they got to their seats and sat.

Meanwhile inside her body, the colas mixed together as they traveled through her stomach. As it filtered through her organs it became a dark yellow with some heavy weight to it. That substance pushed through the bottom of her system and poured and poured like a waterfall into her bladder which expanded and quickly pushed against her insides. Her jeans tight at the waist digging into it.

As they sat, Kate had her feet up and along with a large pulse of discomfort, a growl was heard from her abdomen.

“Oh!” Kate Said.

“What’s wrong?” Her friends asked in unison.

“I have to go to the bathroom,” she said in a strained voice feeling the urgency pulse inside.

“The games about to start!” Said Ashley.

“Hello? Two large colas.” With that she got up but her friend pulled her back down. “Hey!”

“Just stay for the pledge,” Ashley said. “Then you can go take care of your business.”

“Ah yeah no,” Kate got up again but was pulled back down. Her bladder throbbed hard like a rock that banged her insides and she flinched as she grabbed herself briefly to hold it in. “Will you fucking stop?”

“Just wait!” Said Ashley.

“Just let her go,” Tommy said. “Girls can’t hold it as long as men.”

They both rolled their eyes. Kate said, “I can...erg...I can hold it.” She struggle to say through much discomfort in her abdomen. “I just hate feeling like this.”

“Eh just chill,” Tommy Said slurping on his drink. The sound of slurping through the straw made Kate want to release more and she looked worried and started to shake.

She pushed one leg in, one leg out, and then repeated as it felt an eternity went by. She kept moving in her seat to avoid discomfort but it was too much. She moved up and down on her crotch and started to sweat more.

Finally the pledge happened, and she struggled to stand with a heavy bladder weighing her down. Oh why oh why did she have to drink so much?! As if it couldn’t get worse, the sprinklers on the field went off and it took everything in Kate to hold still and avoid an embarrassing potty dance. The pulses has become constant and painful so fast, each one worse than the last. She felt like her body was literally overfilling and ready to spill.

10 agonizing minutes passed

Even running didn’t help keep her muscles busy. The massive pressure fighting to burst out made her run as she was pushed to pee. Her legs staying tight together up to crotch and her knees inwards a little. She started to sweat as her bladder became a hot, boiling sensation they caused much discomfort and even hurt a little.

“Gotta go gotta go gotta!” She stuttered. She rushed towards the bathroom but paused right away at the sign in the floor that blocked her much needed path to relief. CLOSED FOR CLEANING

Kate bounced foot to foot quickly, turning red from embarrassment. “Ah I gotta get to a bathroom or I’m gonna be closed for cleaning!” She raced in and the janitor right away held his hand up telling no. She bounced. “Ok...but...mmm” she struggled to say through a moan of desperation. “Where’s the other bathroom I gotta go!” Seeing all the toilets in clear view made her want to run for it but she was too nervous. However seeing them all made her more desperate to the point she pushed her crotch against the corner of the wall trying to add pressure and keep the floor at bay.

“Other side of the stadium sweetheart.” He said.

Kate ran with much urgency, her arms tight to her sides with fists as her abdomen pulsed one after the other aggressively making strong efforts for release. A lady walked into the women’s room as she was about twenty feet from it.

“Oh salvation,” she said. She burst through the door and pushed at a stall door but it was locked and occupied. She went down the line of all six stalls and each occupied. Kate stood in front of them annoyed and horrified and anxious in much pain. She noticed her tummy was slightly visible, and she pushed her legs together and squirmed in place side to side totally and insanely desperate to the point of feeling bloated and sick. Her arms outwards in fists as her teeth grinded.

She moaned, “eeeeee....ahhhh....mmmm....ah....ooooooooooh.” As each toilet remained occupied. Each passing second felt like a bloody eternity to the poor girl. Huge, painful bladder pulses echoed hard through her abdomen and out her back as well, each so strong they almost caused a release of her floodgates to open. She had to hold on!

She pushed her legs together as tight as possible, standing on her top toes that were turned inwards. She was in so much agony she thought she go to the bathroom in her pants any second. “Oh...why did I have to drinks I much damn soda?!” She said bouncing and then back to squirming with closed legs. “I REALLY hope I don’t have to wait much longer.”

20 minutes later....

Her legs were tightly crossed as she wrapped her arms around herself feeling herself moments from losing control. Sweating while having a massive panic attack so bad she barely breathed. “Oh come on come on come on!!!”

To be continued

*003*2022-03-14 20:01

Continue

A bathroom stall opened, and Kates eyes widened. “About time!” She started to race inside, but a fire alarm went off in the hallway. Suddenly every stall opened and relieved women passed the most desperate one.

Kate’s legs were closed right, her knees crossed. She couldn’t bare the pain anymore she was gonna blow! The stadium was being evacuated but she had no choice. She ran to the stall, pulled her pants down as she turned her ass to the toilet, pulled down her panties but a firefighter rushed in and opened the stall door.

Kate pulled her panties up and covered her crotch turned red.

“what the hell?!” She said.

“Miss we are evacuating, let’s go!” He said picking her up, throwing her my thr waist over his arm. The slam was so hard she felt like her bladder ripped, she yelled in pain, struggled and squirmed out of his grip as he walked them away from her relief.

”STOOOOOOOOOOOOOP! PLEASSSSSSSSSSSSE!” Kate cried. She sweated and squirmed shuffling her legs as the firefighter kept a tight grip of her body over his shoulder. She had to go so bad, and she could not wait anymore. She could NOT pee her pants in public. Not in front of everyone. Not now! She begged and pleased but was ignored .

As they were outside and he rested her down, that was it. Her friend rejoiced that she was safe, but Kates pants which were never rebuttoned fell down to her ankles. Hundreds of people saw and she heard the laughter start as her poor pee hole couldn’t take it anymore and exploded, gushing urine from her body, down her legs into her jeans below. Her friends backed away in shock as the puddle grew and Kate could only stand there humiliated having a panic attack. Compete terror. “Oh my god oh my god!” She cried. I’m he laughter continued, some had phones our, it was the most humiliating accident ever at the old ball game

The end

