Botticelli Face - Chapter 4

Author: mystic dreamer

*000*2021-10-09 12:02

Chapter 4. Do What Comes Natural

Rick had been deep in vipassana meditation for nearly half an hour when the rooster with the sore throat woke Pamela.

“Motherfucking stupid bird,” she said, rising from the bed.

Her little black dress was in pieces. Her panties and stockings were still soaking wet, and her shoes were on opposite sides of the room. The morning sun sparkled on the clasps of her garter belt.

“I’ll make some breakfast,” said Rick, as Pamela gathered up her things and began to walk naked across the gravel yard to her own cabin.

She returned wearing a lavender bra, lavender panties, and nothing else. Rick had cooked up huevos rancheros, three tortillas thick and with three kinds of cheese, including Oaxaca white. Ground chorizo was sandwiched in between each taco. They sat at the table on the front porch and ate.

“I have to admit,” said Pamela, “that was fun. I haven’t felt like that for a long time.”

“Really? I’m surprised. Now that you’re all liberated and your own personal theatrical brand of alternative sexuality is out of the closet.”

Pamela stirred her eggs, sighed, and said, “All that stuff I said in the meadow was bullshit.”

“I already knew that.”

“My whole life is work, my daughter, and paying bills. I’ve only gone freak-o once since we split up.”

“I hope it was good.”

“One of the hotels in the city had a big fashion show for plus sized women. I went for the whole event. Every guy in the hotel that weekend was a chubby chaser. When gentleman callers came around to get to know me better, I honestly really did act like the Queen of Sexual Freedom and answer the hotel room door in panties and bra with a bottle of wine in my hand.”

“Sounds delightful.”

She placed her hand on his and said, “That slide show you sent really inspired me last night. I know we weren’t always perfect for each other, but there were times when you coaxed that Queen of Sexual Freedom out of the closet where I keep her locked up. I want her to get out more often. She needs fresh air. Do you think it’s possible, like just maybe… if we could….”

Rick leapt up from the table and backed away swiftly toward the door. “Jeez, Pamela, we were a disaster. Our relationship was beyond failure. Surely you can’t be thinking….”

Pamela laughed. “Oh God, of course not! We were the world’s worst couple. But the respectable single mother needs a break now and then, and I thought maybe, just every once in a while, when I have a few days off…. It wouldn’t be that often, but…. You know, just for kink.”

“Well,” said Rick, “that was the one thing we were really good at.”

“Exactly. I mean, seriously, I don’t want to be your girlfriend again!” She stood up and walked over to where he stood. She pressed her panties close to his crotch, leaned her head on his shoulder, rubbed her enormous breasts encased in their pink bra against his chest, and whispered in his ear. “I just want to be your pervert slut. The Girl in the Meadow.”

###

Checkout time was 11:00. Pamela lingered until 12:15. She didn’t know what to wear. She studied a flower print dress which had somehow – she wasn’t sure just how – had ended up in her suitcase. She hadn’t worn it for years. With her gigantic thighs, it was much, much too short for her now. A lot of her extra weight had collected around her breasts, so the dress was much too low cut as well. But she was still glowing, feeling like the Girl in the Meadow, so she wore it anyway.

She and Rick smooched their passionate farewells, and Pamela set off. She quickly realized she was hungry, so she turned in to town and parked next to the Happy Kat Restaurant.

Pamela walked through the courtyard and into the restaurant. She saw a swathe of red hair waving as a waiter walked by. How perfect! Tommy was working today!

“Sit anywhere you like,” said a waitress.

Pamela watched Tommy serve a single man who was sitting in one of four booths that ran along the side of the wall. Then he turned to the next booth, where he seemed to be asking two women if they wanted dessert. The booths along the side wall must be his section today, and one of the them was vacant. Pamela took a seat.

She studied the menu and waited. She hadn’t had the chance to come on to Tommy in her unsubtle way the day before because he had rushed out with the other guys to take part in the big event of the weekend – the tourist stranded somewhere in a kayak.

“Hi,” said Tommy. Well, he definitely remembered her, that much was clear. Pamela ordered a plate of chicken enchiladas with fish tacos on the side and a glass of chardonnay. Tommy hurried off to give her order to the kitchen

She knew he could only have had two reactions to the wetting accident he’s witnessed a few days ago. Either he thought she was disgusting, or he had found himself with an unexpected stiffy. She knew from prior experience that the latter was actually quite common among guys who had never thought of themselves as fetishists before.

Tommy brought her food. She ordered a second glass of chardonnay. Since he could only think of her as either a perverted sex bomb or a hopeless skank, she didn’t care if he caught her staring at his crotch.

She stared.

Stiffy!!!

He returned a bit later and asked her if she wanted dessert.

As she pretended to a problem with eyesight which obligated her to lean down deeply in order to study the menu, one of Pamela’s breasts very nearly escaped from its pink bra prison and popped out of her low-cut dress. The intensity of her menu study may have caused her to lean down in such a way that the breast had somewhat less difficulty escaping.

She looked up boldly at Tommy. Caught in the act of ogling her boobs, Tommy seemed embarrassed. Pamela did not.

“When do you get off work today?” she asked.

“Two o’clock.” He was almost whispering.

Pamela looked at her watch. It was 1:30.

“In that case,” she said, “bring me a large bowl of pistachio ice cream and a third glass of chardonnay.”

###

Rick had finally made it to the Salty Dawg. Just as he was comping on his monster burger and thinking that Pamela must have the hottest pants in town, he changed his mind as Shasta Sandy walked in the door.

She was alone. She was wearing a yellow tee-shirt with a black polyamory symbol, emblazoned with the words: “Love Without Limits.” Due to her considerable bulk, the tee shirt failed to reach to her waist, and Rick could see that a phony diamond stud was pierced to her belly button. Her denim skirt was so short that it barely even qualified as a belt, and her only shoes were a pair of flip flops.

Because Rick was lunching alone, he hadn’t taken a table and was eating at the bar. Sandy sat down two stools away from him.

Rick pushed his meal down the counter and sat down next to her.

“You must be Sandy.”

“I am.”

“I’ve heard about you.”

“I imagine so.”

“Can I get you something?”

She stared at him. Her face was as round as the moon. Her blonde bangs were cut in a straight line across her forehead; combined with her long hair, it was all intended to make her look as if she were a twenty-something time traveler from the 1960s. The lines around her eyes and her mouth suggested she was probably forty-something.

“You ought to know,” she said, “that I’m an ecological activist. I only eat the pure products of the land. If it isn’t grown and raised locally and delivered fresh, I won’t have it.”

Rick wasn’t quite sure how to reply to that, so he didn’t.

After a brief silence, Sandy said, “The Radegunde Merlot they have here comes from a vineyard that’s only twenty-five miles down the road. I know the sommelier at their winery café. It’s grown without pesticides.”

Rick raised his hand to the bar tender. “A glass of the Radegunde Merlot, please.”

“It would be cheaper just to get the bottle,” said Sandy.

Rick ordered the bottle.

During her first glass, Sandy talked about her childhood in Nebraska. During her second glass, she talked about the “spiritual community” in Mt. Shasta. During her third glass, she complained about the rocky ground here in the region, and demonstrated her difficulties by removing one of her flip-flops, lifting her leg, and placing her foot on Rick’s knee to illustrate her difficulties, though it wasn’t her feet that Rick was staring at. What could he possibly say about a woman who flashed her panties more often than Kylie Minogue, Agnetha Faltskog and Paris Hilton all together?

During her fourth glass, she began to discourse on her favorite topic.

“You see, in ancient times there was a huge difference between the Atlanteans and the Lemurians. Atlanteans were very patriarchal – strong, militant, controlling. Lemurians worshiped the Divine Feminine. Touching and loving were their main means of communication. Everything was about touching, touching and more touching. If a woman met a man, a blow job was just an ordinary way of saying hello.”

“I can see your panties,” said Rick.

“I know.”

“White cotton looks good on you.”

“Thanks. You’re kind of bold. You might be an Atlantean.”

“Your place or mine?”

“Definitely an Atlantean. My housemate is holding a séance at my place, so let’s go to yours.”

We got up and began to walk toward the door. Suddenly, Shasta Sandy stopped and said, “I should probably visit the Little Sluts Room before I go, but I think I just saw somebody walk in there.”

I put my hand under her sad excuse for a skirt, snapped the elastic on her underwear, and said, “No worries. My place is really close. You can go there.”

Sandy said “Okay,” so we went to my car. I began to drive out of town. She crossed and uncrossed her legs, bit her lip, and exhaled deeply. It was clear that she had to pee. She said, “You live in those tourist cabins, don’t you? Just down the road and to the left?”

“That’s right,” I said. “But there’s a short cut.”

I turned into a different left and began to drive slowly down a long woodland road that went for a number of miles through nowhere before it returned to the highway. Sandy crossed and uncrossed her legs again. Nice white cotton panties! She took another deep breath.

“Are you sure this is really a short cut?” groaned Sandy.

“Well,” said Rick, “you’d be surprised how crowded the main highway can get during the height of the tourist season.”

“But this isn’t tourist season!”

“Oh… right.”

At last they reached the main highway again. Sandy was breathing hard and clutching the dashboard with both hands. She gazed south, to the left.

“Is this all the farther we are?” she moaned. “I don’t think I can hold it and I don’t want to ruin your car seat.”

Rick had just begun heading down the highway toward the cabins. He pulled over to the side of the road and said, “Hey, don’t worry. Just step outside and squat and you’ll be hidden by the car.”

Sandy stumbled out, still gasping, but as she began to squat and pull her panties down, three cars zoomed by. She was clearly visible.

Cursing like a sailor, Sandy hurried back into the car.

“The whole world is watching. I don’t know how much longer I can last.”

“Then I guess this is not the time to give you the traditional Atlantean greeting.”

“What’s that?” asked Sandy. She sounded genuinely interested.

“A serious tickling.”

Sandy started to laugh, but stopped herself, knowing that laughter would be disaster. “Hot damn! Sounds like back home in Nebraska when those pervert farm boys used to take us girls deep in the cornfields, get us stinking drunk, then tickle us till we peed in our Daisy Dukes.”

“Were they Atlantean?”

“Probably.”

“Okay. I promise. No tickling.”

Sandy turned and looked at Rick in the twilight. The mischief in her eyes and in her smile was close to evil.

“But gosh… Don’t you think we ought to be properly introduced?”

The silence, filled with lust and perversity, lasted for only a few seconds before Rick grabbed Sandy and began to tickle her.

She screeched and squealed, then laughed and laughed, her thick legs pumping wildly against the dashboard until she let go, surging forth with the intensity of a fire hose all over the rubber mat on the passenger side floor.

Sandy howled. “Oh! My! Gawd!” But she didn’t stop laughing. And she didn’t stop peeing until she was empty.

Rick was speechless.

Sandy turned to him and unzipped his pants. “You gave me the standard Atlantean greeting, so I guess I should give you the standard Lemurian greeting.” Just before she took his dick into her mouth, she said, “Seems like you and me are on the same page. We’re going to have a lot fun together.”

.###

As the dusk spread across the meadow, Pamela knelt upon the carpet of yellow flowers, in between Tommy’s legs as she gave him a blow job. She was clad is lavender panties and bra, and nothing else. The sea pounded in the background, as Tommy came with such force that Pamela fell backwards, landing amid the flowers on her commodious rear end.

As she wiped the cum off her mouth, she thought she heard someone cry out “Yeehaw” and “Oh my Gawd” on the road above, but maybe that was just a voice inside her head.

She gazed down at Tommy. He was sweet. She felt bold and free now after her wild night and friendly agreement with Rick. She felt fearless.

“I have to pee,” she announced as she stood up.

“Hunh?” muttered Tommy, flat on his back.

Pamela remembered how he had stared when she’d had he accident at the restaurant a few nights ago. She remembered the lump in the front of his pants a few hours ago at lunch.

Nothing ventured, nothing gained, she thought.

She stood in the meadow with her legs open wife and her hands on her waist with elbows bent.

“Do you mind if I, uh… just do what comes natural?”

Tommy didn’t answer. He was too far lost in his own world of sensual satisfaction.

Pamela giggled as a smile spread over her Botticelli face. She prepared to surrender to the magic.

