The conference (part 3)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-06 09:24

His plate now empty and despite his very full bladder, James takes his empty plate and wanders behind the flip chair again towards the jug of water. The room is so stuffy and warm and the food has left his throat dry. Picking up a disposable cup he pours some water into it and takes a sip.

‘Oh God I wish you would do that!’ June mutters quietly to herself. In the otherwise silent room James can’t help but hear.

‘What?’

‘The water!’

‘Sorry. I didn’t realise it was crime to get a drink in here!’

June’s face reddens. ‘Sorry didn’t mean to be so snappy. I just....I just need some fresh air.’

James drinks the water in the cup, turning to look out the window as a strong urge hits from his bladder causing him to squirm and reach for his dick to squeeze it. June isn’t the only one wanting out of here! Anxious to keep her distracted from his squirming and fidgeting he goes to sit down as he pulls his chair into the table.

‘Maybe if we get on with the task it’ll help pass the time a bit quicker? Surely someone. will be here to unlock the door very soon?’

June, sweating and increasingly uncomfortable, pulls her chair closer to the table, sighs and reaches again for the iPad.

‘So reading this I think they are wanting us to use phycology to help sell better. You know, like reading between the lines of what customers don’t say to sell them things they don’t know they need sort of stuff. What do you think?’

June nods as she wriggles again on her seat.

Out of nowhere another strong urge hits James making him bend forward and grab himself under the table. It’s no use, he can’t continue with the task at all as all he can think about is how bad he has to piss. Standing up he hurries to the door and jiggles about as he tries to open it. Embarrassed and flustered he can’t hide it any more.

‘Actually June. This is so embarrassing and unprofessional but I can’t do this any longer. The thing is I’m really desperate to piss! You don’t mind if I, you know, undo my trousers a bit? They are pressing on my bladder so much. See how swollen it is?’ James untucks his smart shirt showing off his bladder bulge. ‘Oh fuck I need a wee...’

Not waiting for a answer, but aware June is looking right at him, he undoes his belt, plus the top button of his suit trouser fly and his zipper, as he slides a hand over his boxers, fondling himself desperately.

‘You won’t tell anyone June will you? I’ve been bursting for absolutely AGES and I really think I might have an accident if we can’t get out of here soon!’ I know I shouldn’t do this in front of you but...oh Fuck I need to piss so badly!’

Fondling and squeezing himself with his trousers open and June looking right at his crotch he looks down to see she has turned her chair to face him more as he notices she’s now sitting tightly crossed legged and hugging her knees.

‘That’s why I need out so much too! I’ve been holding on forever! I thought those speakers would never end and then they started listing all those names and I was just longing to slip out and find the ladies and then when finally my name was called I thought at last I could get to go. Then we were brought in here and...well...oh I have to pee so much you wouldn’t believe! I can’t even think about that damn task until I can get to a toilet. This is terrible. What are we gonna do?’

‘I think we’ll both just need to hold as best we can and pray they realise and unlock this door very soon! What other options do we have?’

Gripping himself and squirming obviously James knocks the door loudly. They can clearly hear other groups of people talking but no-one seems to hear their knocks. Bending over and giggling around he moans in frustration.

‘Come on! Someone let us out! This is an emergency! Can anyone hear us? We’re locked in!’

June uncrosses her legs and paces the room pressing her thighs tight together and pressing her hands into her pencil skirt. The tapping of her high heeled court shoes echo on the thin carpet.

‘Oh James! This is so unfair! I wish I could undo my skirt too. It’s digging into me so much it hurts. I don’t think I can hold this in much longer here. I can’t ever remember being this desperate to go ever. What are we gonna do?’

Standing with his back to the door bouncing around in urgent quick moves whilst squeezing and pressing against his dick over his boxers James feels so much for his work colleague. He tries to image how difficult it must be as a woman in a pencil skirt unable to even press your crotch to help hold. It does seem so unfair that she can’t even do what he’s doing at least...

‘Sorry if this sounds stupid. I’ve never wore a skirt but does it have a fastener or anything you could at least undo. I mean I’m not going to tell anyone if you don’t tell them what I’m doing? I mean maybe that might help a bit?’

Gripping the back of the chair she had previously been sitting on and tensing her whole body tightly June takes a second to concentrate before answering.

‘Yes there’s a zip at the back but...’

‘I can help you unzip it if you think it would help?’

‘Oh God yes please! Oh fuck I can’t believe I am still holding this James. I really can’t keep this back much longer. I honestly think I’m going to wet myself. But I can’t! I don’t have anything else to wear and we still have the full afternoon in this damn conference.’

Gripping his own member tightly and squirming for all he is worth James takes a few steps forward and lifts June’s silky cream blouse out of her skirt from the back as he finds and undoes the zip which comes a quarter of the way down the back of the skirt. Being this close, smelling her perfume, feeling her shiny deep black hair against the contrasting cream of the blouse, and hearing her moans in desperation all turn him on so badly he can feel his dick growing longer and harder in the tight grip of his hand.

The thought that either of them might burst any second sending shivers through his body and makes his entire body surge with desire. He could so easily Fuck June right now. But he daren’t.

As June turns her body around to face him and her eyes meet his a spark lights up between them that needs no words.

‘That any better?’

‘A bit. Thank you. Sorry please don’t look’, June begs as she slides a hand inside the front of her skirt and grabs her crotch over her knickers. ‘I know this is so unprofessional but it’s just absolutely necessary. I just really need the ladies so much you know. Oh fuck I’m absolutely dying for a wee James! I really am.’

‘Oh I know. I am too. You are not alone. You are definitely not alone!’

