[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 2

Author: Misteriousmr

*025*2016-04-25 10:28

Writing a chapter while waiting for college to start, I too like to live dangerously...

The next day Chloe decided to train up her Pokemon before moving on to the next town. As much as she wanted to progress, she wasn't looking forward to saying goodbye too Emily. The road she took had a lot of dead trees, some of which were Sudowudoos and Trevenants, with one or two Deerling thrown in the mix. She walked for about 15 minutes when she heard a faint cry. It was weird, it wasn't quite human, but not quite Pokemon either. As scared as she was, she decided to leave the path and walk inbetween the dead trees and bushes towards the cry. She stopped once she reached an opening in the woods, and she looked around.

At first she didn't see anything, but eventually her eye found the source of the sound. In the corner, underneath a tree, there was a small, white and green creature, that she identified as a Ralts. Around the Ralts there were about 4 or 5 Phantump slowly closing in on the creature. Chloe quickly grabbed her Pokeball and send Galvantula out. "Galvantula, use swift!" she yelled. Galvantula's fangs glowed white and shot out a bunch of star-shaped projectiles. The stars left a small explosion on impact with the Phantump, which quickly fled into the woods.

Chloe walked up to the trembling creature, which backed away slightly as she approached, but didn't run. She slowly and softly put her hand on its head and petted it when it didn't make any effort to get away. The creature slowly looked up, and Chloe grabbed a Pokeball from her belt. She held it in front of the creature, and it walked towards it. Chloe softly pressed the button and the Pokeball clicked open, absorbing the Ralts inside it. After three wiggles, the Pokeball closed shut. She put it on her belt next ot Magikarp, who was now at level 12.

Chloe kept walking, and made a mental not to herself to buy more Pokeballs, as she had only two left. She came to a crossroad; there was one patch straight ahead, and there was one path going left. In the distance she could see an old, most likely abandoned house. She thought about it, but eventually headed left in the hope of catchin a ghost Pokemon. Next to the garden's entrance there was a crooked sign stuck in the ground: "Do not enter!". "Who dares, wins" Chloe repeated to herself as she walked into the overgrown garden. A few Kricketot and Durants fled as she walked over the path, and open the creaking door slowly.

Inside it was easy to see that this house used to belong to a wealthy family; a grand chandelier hung from the ceiling, the walls were lined with (now torn) portraits of landscapes and people and the staircase in front of her was coverd in wooden decoration. She decided to check out the bottom floor first, as she didn't trust the staircase just yet. The first room she entered was the kitchen. She heard some Ariados scuffeling in the corner and a Zubat was screeching as she entered, but no Pokemon. The next room she entered was the living room. Apart from a shady looking lamp, nothing caught her interest. As she left and found herself back in the hallway, she thought she saw a shadow moving along the wall upstairs. Excitedly thinking it might be a Haunter, she walked up the stairs.

Suddenly, a darkness came over her. She was disoriented for a while, but found her way again as the darkness slowly lifted. She looked around, but saw nothing out of the ordinairy. Or...wait...was that...light comming from underneath the door? Chloe slowly shuffled towards the door, her heart beating loudly. She pushed the door open. The light came from a TV across the room. In front of the TV there was a silhouette of a small person, a girl probably. "Hello?" Chloe said shakingly. No response.

Chloe walked closer and suddenly, the TV shut off, and she was once again covered in darkness. She thought she heard something, but couldn't pinpoint where it came from. Suddenly, a single, large, completely blue eye with a white pupil rushed towards her. Chloe screamed and fell backwards, not noticing the warmth spreading in her crotch. She fell backwards and suddenly...she fell down the stairs. Her vision was slowly fading as she saw the chandelier light up with blue-purple flames. "Hehe", she thought, "there was a Chandelure right here all along" before fainting.

TO BE CONCINCUED!

$$

$$

$$

$$

*027*2016-04-25 12:21

"Owwww". Chloe slowly opened her eyes. A bright light shone in her face. She felt like she'd broken every bone in her body. She closed her eyes and focused on her body. Her leg hurt, her head hurt and breathing hurt, but she was still unsure of where she was. She opened her eyes again and looked around. She was lying in a bed. The walls around her were white, with a window to her left looking out over Amethius city. She sighed as she tried to remember what happened, but the only thing she could remember was the blue eye.

"Oh, you're awake?" a gentle voice said from the other side of the room.

"Mmmhmm" Chloe groaned, "Where am I?". Her voice sounded strange, like it didn't come from herself.

"You're in the Pokemon centre dear, you had quite a nasty fall, I'm the Amethius city's nurse Joy" the voice explained.

Chloe tried to sit upright, but only lifted herself a few milimeters off the bed before falling back down, groaning in pain.

"Oh no, don't try to move dear, you're in no state to get out of bed."

"What...what happened?" Chloe asked, wrecking her brain to come up with an answer herself.

"A hiker found you, you'd fallen down the stairs in the abandoned challet. You were completely out of it, can you remember what happened in there?"

"I...I was looking for ghost Pokemon, I thought I saw one upstairs, but then everything went black." Chloe explained, eyes firmly closed, "and...I saw someone...a girl...and then I...I fell" she finished abruptly.

"Hmmm." the nurse said, while Chloe could hear her pen move over some paper "Yes, it sounds like one of the Pokemon used Hypnosis, and possibly even Dream eater. You'll probably stay here for a few days, is there anybody you want me to inform about what happened to you?"

Chloe thought about it for a moment. "My parents" she said, "And..." she thought it over again, "and Emily..."

"Emily?" the nurse had some obvious surprise in her voice, "the waitress from Peking Golduck?"

"Y-yeah." Chloe said, feeling a blush develop on her cheeks.

"Oh my god Chlo are you alright?" Emily stormed into the room, followed by the nurse. "I came as soon as I heard! How are you fee- holy fuck you look horrible!"

Chloe smiled at her. "I'm alright, thanks" she said, "not in mortal danger anyway" she tried to wink, which caused her headache to worsen.

"Oh I knew I should've let you take my Noctowl with you! Or maybe I should've been there, or..." Emily's voice slowly faded away as Chloe saw her eyes become watery.

"Hey." Chloe said in her raspy voice, "Hey, come on Em, I'm not dieing!" a single tear rolled over Emily's cheek, and she leaned forward to give Chloe a soft hug.

Emily took a deep, shakey breath, before wiping her eyes dry and standing up straight. The two girls looked at eachother. Nurse Joy walked in and smiled at the two.

"Well, we ran some test. Your leg seems to be broken, a bruised rib and a small concussion, at best you're out of here in two days, at worst you'll be here for a week." she explained. Chloe sighed. Now that she was inside, she wanted nothing more than to leave, get some fresh air, walk through the woods, anything except lying in this sterile white hospitalroom.

Emily wouldn't budge, no matter how often Chloe explained she didn't HAVE to stay here.

"No way" she'd simply say, "I'm staying and you'll just have to deal with it."

"But I'll be fine! The nurse will take care of me!" Chloe responded.

"Oh, and what are you going to do? Get up and force me to leave?"

Chloe sighed, but still smiled. They sat in silence for about 5 minutes, when Chloe suddenly gasped.

"My stuff!" she said, with a slight panic in her voice, "it's still at the Inn!"

"Don't worry, nurse Joy got had all your stuff brought to your room when you arived, it's all here" Emily responded.

Chloe sighed in relief. Now that the panic was leaving her, she could focus on other things.

"How is the restaurant?" Chloe asked, just to make conversation.

"Ugh, Tyler was there, so I'm actually glad that you called me in here" she said, with a slight chuckle.

Nurse Joy knocked on the open door to signal that she was entering the room.

"How are you doing?" she asked.

"Apart from the pain and bruises, never better." Chloe joked, which nurse Joy answered with a smile.

Joy opened a small box and took out a needle.

"This will sting a little, but it speeds up the healing progress of your leg" she explained when she saw Chloe's worried look.

Nurse Joy lowered her blanket and pulled the navy blue hospital shirt up slightly, so her bellybutton was revealed. She put a fluid in the needle and Chloe's muscles tightened when nurse Joy stuck the needle in her belly.

"Now don't worry, because it's not in any vein, it won't start bleeding. If you need anything, just press the red button next to you, ok?" nurse Joy said, before leaving the room.

Another 10 minutes passed, and Chloe knew Emily was looking at her from her chair across from the bed. Chloe heard a sound, but couldn't place it. *tick, tick, tick*. It almost sounded like a bird Pokemon tapping on the window, but it went faster and faster. *trrrrrr* now it sounded like a Magnemite glitching, which she'd seen happen at her dad's lab. The sound was familiar, and she knew it was something bad, but she couldn't think where she heard it before. The sound changed again; it was still the same sound, but with a weird, echoing undertone. It went on for quite a while, and she heard Emily stand up and look around. Emily walked towards Chloe, still looking from left to right to find the sound untill...

*splash*

"Ah shit what the fuck?" Emily yelled surprised. "Oh, ummm..." She leaned forward and pressed the red button next to Chloe.

"Hey what are you-" a beep was heard at the end of the hallway, followed by swift footsteps getting progressively louder, until nurse Joy entered Chloe's room.

"Ah, yes, that was bound to happen." nurse Joy said, "Emily, could you leave the room please?" she asked.

"No! Wait! What...What is going on?" Chloe asked from her bed.

"Chloe, the drug I gave you earlier has a sedativ effect on the muscles. You have wet yourself"

When nurse Joy said those last four words, Chloe felt her face getting red and her eyes tearing up. Again? She wet herself again? And for a second time where Emily could see? The girl she...she...

Chloe started sobbing again, it was all just so unfair, she never wanted this, she just wanted a goddamn ghost Pokemon, not this!

Emily walked over to Chloe and slowly and softly ran her fingers through her hair, looking at Chloe with a mix of sympathy, empathy and reassurance.

"Now, Emily, would you leave us please? Than I can tend to Chloe's needs."

"Don't worry, I'll be right outside" Emily whispered to Chloe, before turning around, stepping over the puddle and leaving.

"I- I can do it myself!" Chloe said shakily.

"No you can't, don't worry, I've seen worse" nurse Joy said as she started to pull down the blanket.

"No, stop it!" Chloe tried to grab onto the blanket, but nurse Joy easily pulled it out of her heands.

"Trust me, it's for the best."

Chloe's eyes started to tear up again as nurse Joy undid the single button on the hospital underwear.

"Noooooo" Chloe weakly moaned as she felt the wet fabric run past her legs.

Nurse Joy simply smiled and turned around. She grabbed a box of wet wipes out of a cupboard and turned back to a trembling Chloe. The anesthetic was wearing off, as Chloe felt a slight tingling when she was wiped down. After nurse Joy had used three wipes and seemingly assured that her patient was clean, she turned back around, put away the wipes and got out...Chloe gasped as nurse Joy held out a diaper.

"Oh nooooonononono!" Chloe resisted, "I am NOT wearing that!"

"It's okay" nurse Joy simply said.

Chloe felt the nurse's hand slide underneath her now bare butt and softly lifting them up off the bed. She slid the diaper underneath her and wrapped it up around her and closed the two strips located at the hips.

"There, all done!" nurse Joy said, as she put the blanket back over her patient. "I'll let Emily know she can come back in" she smiled and left the room.

Painfully, Chloe raised her head slightly, and saw how the bulge at her crotch revealed that she was wearing a diaper. She groaned a bit as she let her head rest on her pillow.

###

*028*2016-04-25 15:34

Emily didn't seem to care about Chloe wearing a diaper, which somehow made Chloe even more uncomfortable. Did she not see it? Did she not care? It was all very confusing.

"Em?"

"Yeah? What's up?" Emily stood up and walked towards Chloe

"Do you...don't you care? That...that I'm wearing a diaper?"

"Chlo, I've seen you wet yourself twice now" (Chloe became a dark red colour) "and honestly, if this is best for you, I'm not going to judge you" Emily paused for a moment, "and if anything, the hospital the most logical place to where them" she concluded.

"Thanks Em" Chloe said softly. It was getting dark outside.

"Hey, I gotta go. I may have been excused from the restaurant, but they'll start worrying if I don't come home tonight" Emily said smiling.

"Yeah, ok, see you!" Chloe said as Emily walked out of the room.

Chloe slept quite alright that night. The bed was way softer than the one at the Inn, and she somehow didn't worry that much about anything. She did wake up once. She looked at the clock; 3 AM. She wondered why she'd woken up, until she felt the sting in her bladder. Out of habit she tried to get up, only to feel her body protesting against that idea. She sighed and layed back down, knowing there was only way out of this. She cleared her head and tried to relax her muscles.

Nothing happened at first, but after a while she felt the stream comming. The diaper slowly crackled as it expended around her waist, soaking up the urine making the previously crisp underside of the diaper feel more squishy. She still felt good, and she did enjoy the feeling of peeing somewhere else than the toilet, but she had to admit she liked wetting her pants better. Her eyes spasmd as she brought her thoughts back down to earth. "Liking" it was out of the question. It was gross...right? She decided that this wasn't the time to think about it and she soon fell back to sleep.

Chloe was woken up by nurse Joy at 7 AM.

"Good morning, did you sleep well?" she asked

"Mohnin" Chloe yawned, "Myeh, pretty good"

Chloe shuffled around in her bed, cause a wet spot to slide past her crotch, reminding her that she had to be cleaned.

"Nurse? I...I may need to be cleaned" Chloe said, still ashamed that she couldn't do it herself. The nurse simply smiled and got out the wipes. Now that the drug had worn off completely, she felt the full extent of being cleaned with wet wipes, which caused her to become quite hot and bothered. It felt like her skin could breathe again when the diaper was removed, and even the new one felt nice to the skin. Emily came in at about 3 PM.

"Ah, you're both here, good." nurse Joy said, when she saw the two in the room. Emily looked confused.

"Umm, no offence, but why did I need to be here?" Emily asked.

"Oh" nurse Joy looked from Chloe to Emily and back, "I thought you were...that you two were...ummm, nevermind" she said, a slight blush creeping up. "Anyway, the results; the concussion is pretty much gone, as is the bruised rib. Your leg looks good, and will probably be healed tomorrow." she explained while looking at her clipboard.

"Wow, that's great!" Emily gave a wide smile to Chloe, and Chloe smiled back, though her thoughts weren't completely focused on the results. Nurse Joy thought that they were...a couple? Wow...that was quite something. She shook the idea she'd been thinking about for a few days out of her head.

"That's great news, thank you so much for all your care" Chloe said, "Will I be able to walk again?"

"Probably, yes, though I do suggest that you wear a diaper for a few more days, just in case."

Just in case? In case what? Chloe was getting slightly scared.

"Ahem, what do you mean, just in case?" Chloe asked.

"Well, your back has seen better days. Not bad enough for me to try and make it better, it just needs to heal over time. However, I'm afraid that if you, for instance, duck to much it'll get worse. I'm sorry, I know you hate them, but it's better for you if you wear diapers and get cleaned than you pushing your back past its limits" nurse Joy said apologetically.

Chloe and Emily looked at eachother; getting cleaned. Chloe gave Emily a hopefull smile.

"I'll try to help as much as I can" Emily responded, returning Chloe's smile.

The next day, Chloe was able to sit up straight, look around, walk and eventually she was good enough to be released. She walked, own clothes on, bag over her shoulder, back to the Inn. The only diffrence was the slight crunching sound when she moved and a pack of 10 adult diapers in her backpack. Emily and her were going to meet in the park to enjoy her new freedom. Emily was waiting on a park bench. Chloe swallowed when she saw her; she'd been so busy with herself she hadn't noticed how good she looked. The blue hair reached till just above her shoulder and was slowly moving back and forth in the wind. She was wearing a black tank top with a Electabuzz on it, which she realized was the logo for a Electric-House-Dupstep group. Her blue, torn pants reached her black boots. Chloe thought back to what nurse Joy had said about them, and made a decision. She walked up to Emily.

"Heeey, looking good!" she said when she saw Chloe approaching.

"Thanks" Chloe said shyly. She noticed the Noctowl basking in the sunlight next to Emily.

"Wanna go for a walk or chill out here?"

"Hey, now I CAN walk, I'll take every change I get!"

The two walked along the gravel path past some trees where Pidgeys were singing. Noctowl sat on Emily's shoulder as they walked, and Chloe had released Galvantula and Ralts to get some fresh air. They were talking about everything and nothing; the struggle of training a Magikarp, how to make an excelet ommelete, the future, the weather and about what happened in the chateau.

"Hey, um Emily, I have something I need to...discuss..." Chloe started, she both had and hadn't been looking forward to this.

"Spit it out" Emily said.

"Well, unsurprisingly, I won't stay in this city forever...I'll move on, get more badges, train my Pokemon..." Chloe looked over, Emily looked both serious and sad.

"I know, and I'll miss you. Just promise to come 'round to the Peking Golduck once in a while, ok?" Emily said, with a lot of sincerity.

"Well, that's what I wanted to talk about. I don't want to leave you behind. I've grown attached to you". Chloe started to blush. "And I...I thought...Maybe you could...come with me?"

Emily went silent for a moment.

"I would love to" she eventually said, "but I'm not sure if my parents will let me."

"Could you ask, just for me?"

"For you...yes...but I'm not promising anything" she said, as she smiled at Chloe.

After quite some time of walking, the two sat down on a bench. To Chloe, the diaper made an ear-shatering noise, while in reality it was barely audible. Chloe realized that, now that she thought about it, she had to pee. She didn't want to fight it, she knew it was no use, but peeing in public was vastly diffrent from peeing in a room, which had been a hurdle in itself. Just as she'd decided that she'd only get more noticable if she fought it, Emily turned to her.

"Hey, I've been thinking, do-" Emily cut her sentence short as she saw the look on her friends face. It was something best described as shamefull bliss. And Emily leaned closer to Chloe.

"Are you peeing?" she whispered in her ear. Chloe responded with a subtle nod. Now that Emily was closer, she could hear a faint hiss and the creaking of the diaper. She froze in place, listening to the sound and, in the process, getting very turned on. Chloe looked over at Emily as she let the stream go. Was she...biting her lip? And was it just her imagination, or was her hand moving irregularly over her leg? She decided not to mention it, but as the moment went on, she got more and more sure that she was thorougly enjoying this; the way she was still bent sideward, one ear pointed directed at her crotch, the vacant look in her eyes, her heavy breathing. When it was over, she saw Emily slowy turn back to normal, as she sat up straight again and purposefully looked the other way.

"Emily, you comming with me wasn't the only thing I wanted to talk about" Chloe started. Emily was visibly reliefed that she didn't start about her behaviour just a second ago. "Do you remember what, well, what nurse Joy said? About...about us?" Chloe get incredibly nervous, and could barely believe she was about to do this.

"Ummm" Emily dug through her mind, trying to avoid thinking about the warm wetness that she was so close to, "Yyyyeah, she thought we were a couple, right?"

"Yeah" Chloe said, "and I just wanted to say that...that ummm..." Chloe wanted nothing more than end this conversation, but she know she couldn't, "that...that...that I wouldn't...be...you know...wouldn't be opposed to...to the idea that...you and...and I" Chloe stumbled over her words, and now that she was actually saying this, she felt stupid. Of course Emily wouldn't, how could she ever had thought that? "Ummm, you know what, I, I, never mind, I, umm, I won't as-" Chloe was interruptes by a soft hand on her chin.

Emily turned Chloe's face towards hers and slowly, but passionately, pulled her into a kiss. Chloe's mind exploded. All kinds of emotions and thought were going back and forth at high speed, until after about two seconds, everything stopped. Her head was empty. The earth fell away, the bench, her Pokemon, and it was just them, just her and Emily, in a black void. As she felt Emily slowly drift away from her lips, she opened her eyes, looking straight into hers. "Is that a yes?" she said, and Emily started laughing. Emily moved close to Chloe's ear.

"It's a shame you just used your diaper" she said softly, deciding to go all-out on this.

"Don't worry" Chloe responded, "someone will need to clean me" she winked at Emily, who's was quickly turning red.

SHIT'S GETTING LEWD, TO BE CONTINUED

P.S: Before I move on, would you like to see messing? I want to make this something almost everyone can enjoy, so if I see even one "yes", it's happening ;)

*031*2016-04-25 18:01

The walk to the Inn was weird for both girls, but in a good way. Chloe was on cloud 9. She actually said yes! She had...she was...the feeling of pure happiness reached to her very core. Emily was also walking on sunshine. She was always kind of bicurious, and now the girl she'd had a crush on since she first saw her had asked HER to be her girlfriend! And on top of that, she didn't seem to mind that Emily enjoyed her usage of the diaper at all, it was like a dream come true! They pair occasionally smiled at eachother on their way.

"WAAAH!" Emily jumped when she heard someone yelling at them. "Wahaha! What's this? Aren't you going to greet me? Waaahahaha!". A small, extremely fat man came waddeling their way, with a big, toothy grin on his face. His yellow clothes stood horrible with his purple overals. It was Warick, the owner of Chespin Inn. He was quite the character with his oversized nose and fitting nasally voice. "Why hello there you two! You look in a good mood!" he yelled, "any plans to make use of this weather eyyy? Wahahahaha!".

Chloe smiled at him."We just went for a walk in the park, I recommend it" she said.

"Waaah, I was just enjoying a cup of coffee! Speaking of which, I'll leave you two be now, my coffee is getting cold! Wahahaha! Have a rrrrot- ahem, a great day!". He turned around and walked back to the cafe. Chloe looked at Emily, and they both could barely contain their laughter, there was something very enigmatic about a jolly fat man greeting you in a way like his.

When Chloe and Emily turned the corner into the street where Chespin Inn was located, just the thought of what was to come made Emily wet, and the only thing keeping her from sprinting to the Inn and starting instantly was that Chloe's legs were in no state to do such activities. Chloe herself was getting excited as well. She'd thought about this moment in her wildest imaginations, but to think it was actually happening was something completely diffrent. She looked at Emily, and saw how obviously excited she was as well.

Once they entered Chloe's room, Emily turned around and locked the door. When she turned back, Chloe noticed a wild, almost animalistic lust in her girlfriend's eyes. Chloe smiled and undid her button and zipper. Emily walked towards her, slowly taking off her top. Chloe couldn't help but smile as Emily's Great ball-themed bra came into view.

"Turn" Emily demanded. Chloe did as was asked and turned. Emily once again observed the perfection of Chloe's behind. It stuck out slightly from the rest of her body, and was perfectly round. Emily sat on her knees and agonisingly slowely pulled Chloe's pants down, enjoying the sight of her diapered butt spilling over the edge of her pants. She stood up and grabbed the sides of Chloe's shirt. Chloe automatically raised her arms and Emily pulled the shirt over her head, messing up her hair.

Not able to contain her excitement any longer, Emily sat down again and tore open the strips of the diaper. Chloe felt a tingling as her lady parts came into contact with the air. When Emily had removed the diaper, she didn't stand up right away, instead slowly kneading and massaging Chloe's humid butt. She went up again and undid Chloe's bra's lock. As she took it of she saw a flash of the Voltorb pattern. Emily hugged her from behind, her boobs softly pushing against her back. "Your turn" she whispered.

Chloe turned around and looked at her treasure. She walked up close to Emily, and slowly moved down to the button on her pants, stroking her boobs and stomach with one hand while descending. With a small *click* the button was undone and Chloe opened Emily's zipper. She slid her pants down, revealing her black panties. "Turn" Chloe demanded this time. Emily laughed and turned around. Chloe slid both of her hand in Emily's underware, and pushed them down using her palms. She stood up and clicked open Emily's bra. While removing them, she hugged her from behind. She threw away the bra and slowly massaged her boobs. They were...fuller than they looked whith a bra on. Chloe turned her head and kissed Emily while massaging her.

Emily slowly turned around and pushed Chloe towards and onto the bed. She was lying on top of her, still being massaged, as she slowly broke loose from the kiss. Chloe smiled, Emily responded with a cheeky look in her eyes as she slowly moved downward, running a finger across Chloe's belly. Once she reached Chloe's lady parts, she slowly rubbed the surface with three of her fingers. As she heard some silent but honest moans from above her, she slid two fingers inside. Chloe couldn't do anything but moan as she felt the fingers slide inside of her, which became even louder as she felt the fingers slowly starting to massage her while slowly moving in and out of her. As much as Emily wanted to start masturbating when she heard the moans get louder, she knew Chloe wasn't in a state to return the favor.

"Oh well" she thought, "I'll get my reward eventually". Emily slid another finger into her girlfriend and started moving up and down faster. The moans now occasionally broke out into "ah"s and "umm"s. Emily herself was ready to climax herself, she could sware it would take the lightest touch to make her come right then and there, but she didn't. Instead, she decided it was time for the killing blow, and after teasing Chloe just a tad more, she leaned forward, and slowly started to lick the sensitive part just above the vagina. As she'd predicted, it was too much for Chloe. "Hmmmm- Aaahhh" with one last, loud moan, Chloe came. Emily kept massaging very slowly until it was over, after which she slowly moved upward, where her girlfriend was panting and had an exprecion she had never seen before, but would be glad to see again.

"Shouldn't I *gasp* repay you *gasp* in any way?" Chloe managed to bring out while Emily layed down next to her.

"Don't you worry about that just yet, I'll get my time once you're fully healed" Emily smiled, as she kissed Chloe again. "For now, let's just rest for a bit"

DO BE HONTINUED

- Maybe with messing, it depends on you -

*033*2016-04-25 19:08

Chloe and Emily were lying next to eachother. The first streaks of sunlight were comming through the window. Emily slowly opened her eyes. Chloe was still vast asleep. Emily put on the same clothes as yesterday, as she hadn't taken any clean ones with her. As she was about to leave the room she though Chloe might flip out if she woke up and she was gone. She grabbed her Pokeball and released Noctowl into the room, who silently sat on the table. Emily pushed a finger against her lips and closed the door softly.

"Chloooooeeee"

Her head was fussy

"Chloooooooeeeeeee"

She opened her eyes slightly, it was day out

"Wake up Chloe"

She smelt something, she slowly opened her eyes further. Emily was sitting at the foot of her bed, with on her lap a plank containing breakfast. "Mornin'" Chloe mumbled, "smells good".

"I told you I'd found the perfect way to make ommelete" Emily jokingly said. Chloe sat up and her blanket fell on her lap. In a reflex she pulled it up above her breast, before realizing Emily had seen every inch of her body by now, and dropping it again. Emily put the plank on Chloe's lap/ It contained an ommelete, some bread, fresh juice and a cup of coffee.

"You shouldn't have" Chloe said, "I didn't even do anything!"

"Don't worry, I'll get my fill in due time. How is your leg doing?"

Chloe looked at her leg. It felt fine, was it healed? "Feels okay".

After breakfast was over, Emily helped Chloe into her diaper (while, of course, checking out her butt) and they made plans for the day. They eventually decided to go visit nurse Joy to let her check out Chloe's leg. After that, Emily would introduce Chloe to her parents. They were unsure how they'd spend the night, but, as Emily put it, "We'll cross that bridge when we come to it"

It was rather quiet in the Pokemon center, and sooner rather than later they were called to nurse Joy's office. Chloe showed off her leg and how she could easily walk around. Nurse Joy did some tests to see if everything was allright, and then checked out her back. This too, didn't seem to be a problem.

"So, now that you're healed, you can leave any excess diapers here if you want" nurse Joy said.

"Ummm" Chloe looked at Emily, "We...uuummm...used them all, sorry" she said.

Five minutes later they left the center with the 8 leftover diapers in Chloe's bag, and they headed towards Peking Golduck. When they entered, a scruffy man was standing behind the bar, who looked around when he heard the bell.

"Aaah, Emily! And you must be Chloe, Em has told so much about you." The man said, as Emily started to blush furiously.

"Dad, ahem, ummm, could you get mom over here as well please?" Emily asked nervously. The man looked worried for a moment before dissapearing to the back and comming back out with his wife.

"Hi dear, Emily has told me all about you, how is your leg doing?" She asked.

"Fine, thanks." Chloe said, while she saw Emily slowly melting besides her.

"So, ahem, mom, dad, um, I want you to meet Chloe. We are, um, we are in a relationship" Emily said. Chloe had never seen her this nervous. Her parents looked from Chloe to Emily and back, and ultimately at eachother.

"She's...your girlfriend?" her dad asked.

"Ummm...yes" Emily responded.

"Oh but honey that's great! We're so happy for you!" her mom squeeled. Emily looked incredibly confused, and Chloe had to use all her strength to not burst out laughing.

"Yeah, you were always talking about how amazing and nice she was, we're surprised this didn't happen sooner!" her dad added.

"W-well" Emily said, obviously flustered by the whole ordeal, "that isn't all..." she swallowed and took a deep breath; "I want to go with her and become a trainer" she said rather fast, almost like she was afraid to get interrupted. Her dad scratched his chin and her mom just kept smiling

"Well I think that's a great idea!" her mom eventually said, "now you can stay with her! I mean, you can't train Pokemon JUST from around this town!"

As Chloe and Emily walked back to the Inn, Chloe finally had the courage to laugh. Emily had her mout agape and she looked like she'd seen a ghost.

"Well...I expected much, but this wasn't one of the things I had in mind" she eventually said, shaking her head.

Chloe gave her a quick kiss on the cheek. "Isn't it amazing? We're going to travel together! See the world and all the weird and wonderfull Pokemon" Chloe spread her arms out theatrically. Emily laughed at her excitement, even though she herself was over the moon to be able to travel with her.

"So, what are we going to do the rest of the day?" Emily asked.

"Well..." Chloe smiled cheekily "Now that my leg is better I thought..." she raised her eyebrows at Emily.

"Thought what?" Emily responded confused.

"I can finally repay you" Chloe whispered in Emily's ear. Emily smiled as she felt a warmth spread around her crotch.

THE POKEMON STUFF WILL BE BACK SOON I PROMMISE BUT UNTIL THEN

TO BE CONTINUED

ALSO DO YOU WANT MESSING I NEED ANSWERES BECAUSE THEN I KNOW IF I'LL INCORPORATE IT INTO THE STORY OR NO.

IF I GET NO ANSWERES I'LL PROBABLY DO IT ONCE OR TWICE MAYBE I'LL CROSS THAT BRIDGE WHEN I COME TO IT

CAPS LOCK YEAAAAH

*036*2016-04-25 21:19

I have decided to drop the messing for now ;)

And now; a really quick chapter before going to bed, the lewdness I'll write some other time:

Chloe and Emily had packed their bags and were ready to head out. On their way to the next gym in Sunshoal city they'd pass the Glittermine cave and and a small town called Moonterra town. They said goodbye to Emily's parentsand Chloe promissed to herself that she'd call her parents once she arrived in Moonterra. The roed was rather thin and on both ends bushes reached as far as the eye could see. Chloe and Emily had decided to let their Pokemon out of their balls for the journey, only encapsulating them when going through Gliitsmine cave.

"Moonterra town is a small town east of Amethius city" Emily recited from the book they bought at the mart, "well known for growing a large range of flowers due to it's possitioning next to mount Ebott. The sun shine almost everyday and the clouds drifting in from the sea are stopped by the mountain. It is also home to one of the largest restaurants in the region. Pffft, I bet ours is better!" Emily said.

"How about Glittermine? I mean, I don't have any usable water Pokemon."

"Glittermine cave is named after the mine that stretches throughout the cave. Due to the light falling on the smooth rock it reflects on the mintracks, causing a sight when looking down the main mineshaft. However, tourists are encouraged to take Repels with them to fend off the Zubat living there."

"Could you imagine? Fields full of flowers! A shining mineshaft! I'd never thought I'd see the day..." Chloe said.

"Yeah, me neither, I was afraid I was going to work in the restaurant all my life!"

Chloe and Emily laughed as they headed towards the small mountainrange marking their first destination; Glittermine cave

TO WASP CONTINUED!

*038*2016-04-26 05:13

Good morning everybody :3

Chloe and Emily were standing in front of the entrance to Glittermine cave. Chloe couldn't help but swallow as she looked at the imposing darkness inside. Emily rumaged through her bag and grabed out a small, green spraycan that she first aimed at Chloe, then herself. Chloe'd been afraid the repel would get het clothes wet, but it surprisingly didn't. As the two walked inside, the saw some Zubat and Woobat, some of which looked or even moved their way, but didn't attack. Chloe looked at Emily,, and to her surprise she saw her shaking and trying her hardest to look at the floor.

"You ok?" Chloe whispered

"Myeah, I'm fine" she said in a shaking voice

Chloe decided to not go into detail over it and just make it through the mine. The cave wasn't very long, and soon they could see the light comming from the exit. As they got closer they noticed a large dropoff. When they passed it, the couple looked down into the mineshaft. The light bouncing off of the minetracks caused the hole shaft the glisten and sparkle, illuminating the roof above it, making it seem like there was no roof at all.

"Wooow" Chloe whispered, and even Emily seemed to forget about the bats all around her. That was, untill a small device on the used spraycan started beeping. Confused, Emily took it out of her bag.

"Repel wore off" she read confused. She suddenly realised what that ment. Chloe looked at her as the colour slowly drained from Emily's face as she started shaking again. Emily looked up at the ceiling, where Zubat, Woobat, Golbat and even the occasional Noivern were slowly moving towards the two. Emily's eyes became big as she looked at them, and she was too preoccupied to notice what had happened. Chloe however, wasn't, as the mine illuminated the slowly darkening pants of her girlfriend. She quickly grabbed Galvantula's Pokeball, and once she'd opened it, the bats looked a little less sure if they wanted to attack them.

"Galvantula, use parabolic charge!". From its fangs shot a thunderbolt that connected back to itself, reaching all the bats in the direct vicinity. As the bats backed away, Chloe put an arm around Emily. "Come on, let's get out of here". Emily simply nodded.

Once outside, Emily could finaly clear her head. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, and...wait...what? She looked down to see that her pants were drenched. "Weird, I can't remember any water" she thought, before the realisation slowly started to sink in. She cursed herself, not only did she wet herself on the first day of adventure with her new gf, but she didn't even recall let alone experience the feeling. Chloe sat down and opened her bag, grabbing a new pair of pants.

"To your left are some thick bushes" she pointed. Emily looked at her thankfully and waddled off. Chloe could just she her blue hair poke out above the greenery as she was changing. When she came back with her wet pants bundled up, Chloe pulled out a small plastic bag and let Emily drop them in.

"I'm sorry" Emily said.

"Are you crazy? Don't be" Chlloe said, pushing a kiss on her cheek.

Emily smiled, she was lucky to have a girlfriend like Chloe.

TO HONEYBE CONTINUED!

*039*2016-04-26 08:33

Early class is early x_x

The road between Glittermine cave and Moonterra was rather short. The shrubbery thinned out and was slowly replaced by flowers. After a while both to the left and the right of the path flowers were stretching as far as they could see. Inbetween the flowers some Illumise and Volbeat were flying around, sometimes being caught off-guard by Bellossom, Florges or a Roserade. Chloe and Emily took in the sights and smells of their surroundings as they walked toward a small town circled by a white picket fence.

They healed up their Pokemon at the center and went to the mart to buy some Repels and Potions. They were pointed to a small trainer motel, where they went to their room to rest up and get ready for the night. Emily took a shower while Chloe put their dirty clothes in the washing machine. Emily came out of the bathroom in fresh clothes and still slightly damp hair.

"So, you want to test out the biggest restaurant?"

As Chloe and Emily walked back to the motel, Emily let out a slight burp

"Man, I gotta admit, pretty good." she said, Chloe just smiled, it felt like her stomach would never be fully empty again.

"Let's take a left here" she said. Emily looked at her for a moment, since the motel was to the right, but went left anyway. The road lead to the picket fence on the only side of town that didn't lead to a road. The flowers, in all sorts of colours, moved slowly in the breeze. The moon illuminated the field in a deep blue hue. Above the fields the Volbeat and Illumise were creating patterns in the sky. It was a breathtaking side, and Chloe's hand slowly found its way to Emily's. They stood there is silence for a moment. Suddenly, Chloe remembered she'd promissed herself to call her parents. She grabbed her phone.

"Hello? Chloe?" it was her mom.

"Hi mom, could you go into screen-mode real quick?" Chloe asked, smiling at Emily.

"Ummm, sure, hold on, one second." there was some noise on the other side of the line, things moving around, some buttons getting pressed, her mom softly cursing the "modern technology", until her face popped up on the screen of her phone.

"Hi mom! There's someone I'd like you to meet!" Chloe said enthousiastically. She turned her phone to Emily.

"Hello ma'am, I'm Emily!" Emily said.

"How nice to meet you! And please, call me Wendy." her mom responded, "are you Chloe's friend?"

Emily turned slightly red. "I'm her...ummm...her...". She was unsure about how Chloe's mom would respond to the news.

Chloe turned the phone back to her. "She's my girlfriend, mom!" Chloe said excitedly.

"Oh hunny that's great!" her mom replied, "I'm so happy you found someone!".

"Oh, oh, and look where I am!" Chloe turned the camera towards the fields as she gave a flustered Emily a small kiss on the cheek. "You recognize it?".

"Oooh dear, is that Moonterra? Your dad took me on honeymoon there! Oh wow, it's still so beautifull!" her mom sighed over the phone. "Oh, and darling?"

"Yes?"

"Could you send a picture of you and your girlfriend in Moonterra? Your dad needs to see this!" her mom said.

"Will do!"

"Take care of yourself!"

"Or otherwise I'll do it" Emily interrupted

"Haha, you do that, bye!"

"Bye!" they said, and her Chloe's mom's face dissapeared from the screen.

Chloe and Emily turned around and leaned against the fence, looking at the camera on the backside of the phone and smiling, there was a short flash and a few moments later the picture was sent to "phone mom". Together, they walked to the motel.

"Well, what did you think of my mom?" Chloe said smiling

"Seems nice. Sorry that I was a bit unsure, I'm never certain how...openminded people are" Emily said, Chloe smiled as response.

"Come on, let's pick up the pace a bit." Chloe whispered to Emily, "I've been waiting a long time for this..." she continued, as Emily started blushing.

TO BUMBLEBE CONTINUED!

*040*2016-04-26 09:57

Again, for people that missed it; if there's anything you want to see, tell me! Up 'till now I've been able to work everything into the story some way or another ;)

*042*2016-04-26 13:52

Haha, ok! And thanks, I'm getting more invested in this story than I anticipated. And now; on to the juicy stuff!

As Chloe and Emily walked towards the motel, they passed a far-off flower field. As Chloe looked over, expecting to see some more Volbeat and Illumise play as lights in the sky, she saw a man, somewhere in his 20s, standing in the field. His hair was a dark purple colour and he was messing with a weird-looking, handheld machine. Chloe frowned, but didn't mention it to Emily, who was looking forward to the night.

In the motel room, Emily looked at Chloe excitedly.

"So, what is your plan?" She asked

Chloe grabbed a chair. "Sit" she demanded, and Emily did. Chloe slowly decended on her lap and leaned her head back on Emily's shoulder.

"You know" she said, stopping only to softly lick Emily's earlobe, "I haven't been to the toilet for a loooong time" she said softly. Chloe felt Emily's muscles tensening when she said it, so she knew she was doing it right. "And you know..." Chloe continued, "you look like a pretty damn fine toilet to me". Emily couldn't help but let out a nervous giggle.

"Thanks?" She said, her voice not her normal one, but it being weirdly high-pitched.

"Would you mind that, hun? If I used you as a toilet?" Chloe knew she was driving Emily mad, and she enjoyed every moment of it.

"N-no, I I I wouldn't..." Emily gasped, "I wouldn't mind". Emily knew Chloe was enjoying teasing her like this.

"Thanks babe" Chloe said softly, before turning Emily's head towards hers and passionately kissing her, while letting the dam open, but this time on purpose.

Emily was going crazy. She was stuck in an intimate kiss with a girl that was slowly but surely peeing on her lap. She couldn't see it, but she felt a slow warmth spread away from where Chloe's legs were lying on hers. The wet warmth spread sideways and landed on the chair. From there, it slowly creeped down the bottom of her leg, rapidly speeding downward when it reached her knee. Her vagina was on fire and felt like an ocean all at once, and she couldn't help but slightly moan as she felt Chloe's hand slowly land on her crotch.

Chloe soflty pulled away from Emily's lips and slid down, but she wasn't going to end it that easily. She grabbed Emily's shirt and pulled it over her head. She burried her head inbetween her boobs while opening the lock on her bra. She slid it off and started to massage and stroke them. Emily's head fell backwards as her boobs were being fondeled, letting out a deep moan as she felt Chloe's tongue make contact with her skin. Chloe slowly moved down and unbuttoned her pants, slowly sliding them down to her knees. She pulled down Emily's purple panties next, revealing her- obviously excited -lady parts. Chloe slowly slid a finger over it. Emily was in extacy as she felt Chloe first rub, then enter her intimate parts.

It started with one finger, slowly moving up and down. Soon, a second one joined in and the massaging got faster. Eventually, when Emily thought she was going to die of arousal, a third one joined and Chloe started rotating, stimulating as much as she could. Chloe stood up while massaging, slowly walked towards Emily and pressed a kiss against her lips. While envelopped in the kiss, she moved her fingers up and down again, this time progressively getting faster. The moans Emily let out now resonated through her lips, producing only a muffled sound. Finally, Emily came. Chloe felt Emily's vagina rythmically contract as fluids pored out of it. Emily's long, passionate moan felt like it was going directly into Chloe's brain. Chloe slowly removed her fingers and lifted her head, allowing Emily to gasp for air.

"Ho- How- How are you so good- at this?" Emily asked, panting and with a red cheeks.

After they both showered, they decided to go to bed. Emily slept quite fast, and Chloe smiled before lying down as well and falling asleep as well. She was in a city she didn't recognize. It was completely dark, the buildings looming over her. Chloe slowly walked forward.

"Hello?"

A slight wind blew through her hair, and she was getting slightly scared. Suddenly, in front of her, there was a strange, purple light. She walked forward at a pace, looking around still. The only thing she heard were her footsteps and the wind. At the edge of the city, she saw a small field, with above it a hovering, purple-ish, see-through ball of...what was it? It looked a bit like the move Shadow ball, but weirdly...sentient. It didn't move at all, but there was some movement inside of it. It looked like small, dark purple lightning bolts shooting from the core of the ball to the edge. Chloe slowly closed in it, when suddenly a familiar blue eye rushed at her. She noticed it wasn't a human eye, but didn't know what it was. She jumped from shock and...

Chloe woke up in her motel room. It was still dark. She sat up, panting. She looked around the room, nothing seemed out of place.

"Em!" Chloe put her hand next to her, intent on shaking her. With a soft sound her hand landed on the bed. Chloe looked over, there was nobody there. "Maybe she's on the toilet?" she thought to herself. She slowly got out of bed and walked over to the bathroom door.

*knock knock* "Em? Hey Em are you on there?". No answer. She slowly opened the door and walked into the bathroom. In the mirror above the sink she saw the wall above her bed, and her eyes went big. "ECALCE" was written in big, bold letters above her bed. The door to the bathroom slammed shut, causing Chloe to turn around. Behind her was a black void with the same, blue eye staring at her, but this time it was the size of a skyscraper, and shone it's blue light down on her like a sun. Chloe screamed and stumbled backwards.

Chloe woke up in her motel room. It was light out. She sat up, panting. She looked around the room, nothing seemed out of place.

"Em!" Chloe put her hand next to her, intent on shaking her. With a soft sound her hand landed on her arm. Chloe started shaking.

"Em! Em! Wake up Em!" Chloe said, a bit louder. Emily slowly opened her eyes and sat up, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes.

"What is it Chlo?" she said sleepily.

"Em, I had a horrible nightmare." Chloe said with a shaking voice.

"Ummm, I can see that." Emily said. Chloe was confused for a bit untill she looked down. Spreading outwards from where her crotch was, there was a dark spot visible on the bedsheets.

"Ooowww" Chloe moaned.

"Hey, hey it's alright, I'm here, nothing's wrong, nothing's gonna happen to you, ok?" Emily said, while holding Chloe's head against her shoulder.

SCHLO SCHLE SCHLONSCLINUED!

*043*2016-04-26 14:45

"Ok, things we need to do before we head out to Sunshoal." Emily read from a list she'd written, "1: Go to the mart to buy more Pokeballs, 2: Train up our Pokemon a bit more, 3: Make out between the flowers.". Chloe burst out laughing.

"Goddamnit Em, this is someone's livelyhood! Would you like it if we were rolling around in your ommelete?" Chloe laughed.

"Guuuuurl" Emily said with an exagerated voice, "I'd roll around with you aaaanywhere!".

Chloe was still laughing as they entered the mart.

"Ten Pokeballs please!" Chloe said

"Make that great balls!" Emily said, as she put more money on the counter.

As Chloe and Emily walked into the flower fields, they both released their Pokemon: Galvantula landed gracfully, Noctowl soared through the air, Ralts looked a bit shy, but seemed to be doing fine, Magikarp fell on the ground and started hopping around aimlessly. Chloe facepalmed as she saw the Magikarp trying to take on a single, low leveled Illumise, only to be tackled by it. Magikarp whimpered and retreated. The Illumise laughed and some Volbeat gathered around to witness the pitifullness of the fish. Suddenly, a bolt of electricity ran through all of the bugs, after which they fell to the ground. Galvantula looked proud of it's achievement.

About two hours later, they decided they'd trained enough. Galvantula was at level 22, Noctowl at 21, Ralts at 19 and Magikarp at 18. Magikarp looked pretty happy with itself; he'd beaten his first opponent. After multiple attempts to Splash at the Illumise, it got enraged and leaped at the bug, which even though he didn't come out of unscathed, was too much for the bug.

"Hey! Look what I found!" Emily yelled from a distance, holding up something too small for Chloe to see right away. Wading through the flowers, Chloe noticed a red glow eminating from the object. Once she was close enough, she saw that it was a small, perfectly round red orb. It had something etched into it, but she couldn't make out what it was.

"Noctowl found it!" Emily said while petting the bird on the head, "and I'm keeping it, who know how much it's worth!" she continued as she put the orb in her bag. "Now, about point 3 on the list..." Emily slowly walked towards Chloe and kissed her, before turning around to leave the field. Chloe stood still for a moment, before laughing and running after her.

*045*2016-04-26 14:54

Don't worry, all will be revealed ;)

*046*2016-04-26 15:15

The road to Sunshoal city was short. The fields quickly changed into a more sandy area, which turned into water. It was getting dark as Chloe and Emily walked on. In the distance, some lights could be seen.

"Sunshoal city is a popular resort for tourists. It's big, sunny beaches go well with the local cuisine. Due to the high amount of tourists, it is has the most, and most extravagant hotels around. Sunshoal city is also home to the Water-type gym and Valhalla mall, the biggest mall in the region." Emily said.

"Wow, sounds impressive, I can't wait!"

On the way to Sunshoal, the couple battled some trainers for prize money (Lovers CHLOE and EMILY want to battle! CHLOE send out Galvantula! EMILY send out Noctowl!) and walked a part on the beach instead of the path. Once they reached Sunshoal, they were about 1500 p richer. Ignoring her protest, Emily pulled Chloe into a nearby hotel.

"How much is a room for 2?"

"That's 300 p per night" the neatly dressed man behind the counter said.

"Awesome, 3 nights please!" Emily said while putting 900 p on the counter.

"Why would you do this?" Chloe asked Emily once they were in the elevator.

"It's my present for you, a thank you, so to speak."

"A thank you? For what?"

"If I hadn't met you, I'd still be working in that lousy restaurant, and I'd missed all the wonderfull types we have together. Honestly, if you were a pokemon, you'd be my fairy type" Emily said, while looking over.

"Thanks" Chloe said, while hugging her, "and what type would you be?"

"Hmm...I don't know...Dark maybe? Ghost? Electric? What do you think?"

Chloe thought about it, before malisiously smiling at her, "a water type" she said, as Emily turned slightly red, but smiled anyway.

"Woooow, look at this view!" Emily said as they entered their room. She ran forward and opened the double doors leading to the balcony. Leaning on the balcony, she took a deep breath. Chloe walked onto the balcony behind her. To the right they could see the city light, growing denser as it neared the city centre. The mall and gym were brightly lit and were bigger than the houses surrounding it. To the left the sea spread to infinity. Somethimes there was a small light comming from a boat moving across the horizon. And Chloe knew that there was noone, nowhere, that was happier than them.

*047*2016-04-26 15:39

This time it was Emily who grabbed her phone.

"Ah, hello Em, having a good time out on your adventure?" her dad asked.

"Hi dad! It's amazing! hey could you go into screen mode?" Emily asked, "I want to show you how pretty it is!"

Her dad appeared shortly after, smiling at the two girls.

"Ah, Chloe, and how are you doing?"

"I'm fine sir, it's been a pleasure traveling with your daughter." Chloe responded.

"That is good to hear, you know, she could be quite troublesome sometimes." her dad laughed, while Emily put on an angry face.

"Dad look at this view!" Emily said while pointing the phone the other way.

"Oh wow. Miranda! Miranda look where our daughter is!" they heard her father say.

"Oh dear that is pretty!" her mom's voice sounded through the phone.

Inside, Emily laid down on the king sized bed.

"Won't you join me for some rrrroyal entertainment?" She said, while licking her lips.

Chloe looked over "Haha, sorry, really not up for it right now." she said. Emily curled her lip and made puppy eyes. "You can shower with me if you want." Chloe added, and Emily's face brightened up. She jumped off the bed and they walked into the bathroom. The bathroom was...extravagant, to say the least. The oversized mirror had a gold rim. The big shower had golden faucets and there was a bubble bath in the corner. The walls were plastered with red marmer and the floor with white one. They undressed and walked into the warm water. The cleaned eachother off. Emily started with cleaning Chloe, but cleaned her butt a unnecessary long amount of time. Chloe got her comeuppance when she did the same when it was her turn to clean, but with Emily's boobs instead. Afterwards, they dryed themselfes and put on their pyjamas. Chloe looked unsure to go to bed. Emily was puzzled at first, until she realised she'd had the nightmare the previous night, it seemed like forever ago.

"Come, why don't we spoon, then you know I'm not gone" Emily suggested. Chloe looked relieved and a few moments they were lying in bed, facing the balcony. Emily was lying behind Chloe.

"Hey, it's gonna be okay, you hear? I won't let anything happen to you." she whispered in Chloe's ear, and pressed a soft kiss on her cheek.

"Thank you" Chloe whispered, and only a few moments later the two girls were both happily asleep, with Emily's arm wrapped around Chloe.

T B C N I U D

O E O T N E

*049*2016-04-26 18:14

The next day, Chloe and Emily decided to head out to a small patch of grass on the other side of town. While walking around, a Ekans came slithering towards them through the grass.

"Go, Ralts!" Ralts looked around for a bit before spotting the enemy. The Ekans seemed way bigger than the Ralts, but that wasn't going to stop Chloe.

"Ralts, use Psycho cut!" Ralts put out its arms as a pinkish glow surrounded them, forming around the Ralts's hands in the form of two surprisingly large blades. Ralts jumped into the air and slashed at the Ekans as it fell down again. The blades left a pink streak behind them, showing clearly the X-shaped slash at the Ekans's neck. The Ekans wriggled around, raised up, and fell to the ground. As Ralts landed, the blades dissapeared.

"Good job!" Chloe praised. She stopped in her tracks however as the Ralts started to give off a blinding white light. It seemed like the Ralts had turned into energy itself. The white ball of energy expanded and changed into a new form, until slowly fading out, leaving a Kirlia in place of the Ralts.

"Woooow" Chloe said while looking at her newly evolved Pokemon. Kirlia turned around suddenly, sprinted towards Emily and nimbly took her bag from her.

"Oi! What-" Emily said as she realized what had happened. The Kirlia took the red orb Emily had found out of the bag and sprinted off at an insane speed. Chloe quickly released Galvantula.

"Emily, hang on tight!" She yelled as she grabbed onto the spider's back, "Galvantula, follow that Kirlia with Extreme speed!" she yelled. She was abruptly pulled forward as they chased the Pokemon. Kirlia took an unexpected turn to the left and ran through the woods. Once Galvantula and its two passengers made it to the other side, they saw they'd entered a small, blocked off shrine. At this point Galvantula caught up and Tackled the Kirlia, who fell over. Chloe quickly grabbed the red orb from the ground and started scolding the Kirlia.

Emily walked around, looking at this seemingly ancient place. She walked up a few flights of stairs to a small pedestal.

"Hey Chloe, look at this!" she yelled. Chloe put Kirlia and Galvantula back in their Pokeball and walked towards the pedestal. In the middle there was a small, perfectly round hole. The surface was engraved with all kinds of symbols and geometrical symboles.

"Should I..." Emily took the red orb and looked at it, it seemed like a perfect fit, "should I try?".

"Hold on" Chloe said, "let me look at that again?" she took the red orb and inspected its surface. The symbol inscribed on it had puzzled her before, and she tried again to identify it.

"Could you hand me that book you have?" she asked. Emily handed her the booklet, and Chloe started flipping through the pages. "Aha!" she yelled, "Right here! It's an "omega", the last letter from the Greek alphabet and the opposite of "alpha", often associated with an ending or closure. It is believed to hold ties to a certain Pokemon, yet no evidence has been found to support this theory.". Chloe looked back at the pedestal. In the corners, there were 4 omegas.

"Yes, yes you probably should try it" she said, handing the orb back to Emily.

Emily's hand shook a bit as she moved the orb towards the small hole directly in the middle. With a small *klink* the orb fell into the hole. From the middle, spreading outwards, the engravings turned a bright, glowing red. The pedestal started to slowly moving backwards, revealing an opening underneath. Chloe thought she saw something light blue shoot away through the darkness, but dismissed it as paranoia. The darkness was all but aluring. Chloe grabed a Pokeball and let Galvantula out.

"Galvantula, use Flash!" the spiders body started to light up like a lightbulb. Emily and Chloe looked at eachother and slowly decended the stairs that had appeared, grabbing the orb on the way down.

The staircase led to an enormous cave. It was big and round, and from the ceiling stalagtites were threateningly hanging. On the opposite side of the cave there was lava slowly flowing, though the source and drain were nowhere to be found.

"Chloe" Emily said, looking around with a rather frightened look in her eyes, "Chloe, I, I have to pee!"

"So? Just go over there!" Chloe pointed to a far corner.

"I...I can't." Emily said, slowly becomming red, "I...I can't pee when there are other people around.".

Chloe looked at her before frowning, trying to come up with a solution to this conundrum, until she came up with something so weird, it might just help. She grabbed two of her Pokeballs. First she returned Galvantula, then she send out Kirlia.

"Kirlia, use Mirror coat on both of us" Kirlia started twirling around, and a silver bubble appeared around them, which shrank into their forms. Emily looked on as they both seemed to dissapear. To be sure, she walked to the end of the cave and squated behind some pillars. Chloe knew her plan worked when she heard splashing comming from a distance.

"Done!" Emily said. "Wooooow, Chlo, look at this, a statue!"

Chloe, now un-mirrored walked towards where Emily's voice came from, making sure to avoid the stream of urine slowly running across the slightly sloped ground. From quite a way away she could see the statue. It was huge, almost as high as the wall of the cave, and it seemed familiar though she couldn't place it. It was located in the middle of the lava stream, and it had horns portruding from its back. It's eyesockets were empty and black. As Chloe walked, flames suddenly shot up between two pillars, one of which Emily had just used for her business.

"Chloe?"

"Emily!"

Emily was stuck in the ring of fire together with the weird stone statue. From Emily's bag a bright, red light shone, and she opened it. The red orb was giving off a blinding light, and as Emily held it out, small cracks started to appear on the statue. Then, once all the cracks had come together, pieces of the statue started to peel of, like it had been some sort of...encasing...Once all the stone was gone, the thing standing was a big, red creature with vicious white teeth and a massive tail. His eyesockets changed from empty to having eyes with yellow irises, which first moved around frantically before focussing, like it had been asleep. The creature bowed slightly and as it reached it head to the sky it led out a bloodcurdling roar.

As it settled down, it seemed to be making itself small, curling its arms inward and bowing his head. Like a mirrage, a red, rugged, round ruby encase the creature. It started spinning intensely, until it went completely black. A omega symbole shone brightly on the front of the stone, and it burst apart, revealing the creature once more. The black stripes that had lined its body were now orange-yellow. Its claws and spikes had elongated and it's teeth had become sharper. Chloe didn't hesitate; she took off her belt and threw it over the fire, landing it directly next to Emily's feet.

$$

$$

$$

$$

