She wouldn’t let him go: the shop manager

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-02-09 02:28

She wouldn’t let him go: the shop manager

Donnie jogged the one mile to his part time job, hoping not to get too wet in the drizzly rain. Working in a small local Tesco wasn’t high on his career ambitions but it helped pay college fees and required little in the way of complex brain workouts. Besides there were often some good looking woman who were regulars and thinking of them always brightened an otherwise ordinary shift.

He clocked in five minutes early and after hanging up his coat he opened a bottle of juice and before heading into the shop he drank around half of it, replenishing what he had lost in sweat after his short jog to work. Fridays were always delivery and stock taking days so Donnie was sure he was on the till as usual but checked the rota just to make sure. He was, so on opening the staffroom door he signed into one of the tills allowing Anna to clock off.

‘That’s me away Annette! See you Monday.’

Donnie saw Annette, the shop manager, wave from the back of the shop as she checked through the refrigerator for food about to go out of date.

‘Gonna hand these into Donnie before you go, thanks!’

Anna handed Donnie the shop carrier bag with some milk, fresh juice, cheese, and cold meat in and he placed it behind the counter until he was told where else it was to go. A while later Annette came towards the tills to check more stock and in a moment of less customers she had a brief conversation with her colleague.

‘I’ve marked that bag of stuff off I gave you. Just when you get a chance you can bin it, or if you want to have any of it just do so. It’s unsellable but got today’s date on so fine still. By the way self service till 1 has been playing up something terrible today. I’ve put a new receipt roll in so hopefully it’s better now. I’ll finish this aisle then take my lunch.’

Donnie nodded as he scanned another customer’s goods while watching another person on the self service till. He saw Annette pulling stock to the front of the shelf before turning out of sight. She was a much older woman, quite Jekyll and Hyde at times in her manner, often ‘forgetful’ about promised holidays or breaks for staff, but otherwise focussed on the shop and efficient at her job. As soon as the next moment of quietness occurred Donnie had a quick look in the carrier bag. The shop was warm and as time passed he opened one of the cartons of fresh apple juice and drank some. He was alone at the front of the shop and besides Annette had said he could have some so he never thought anything more about it. It wasn’t a brand of fresh juice he usually bought but it was lovely and before too long the carton was empty.

It was over an hour later before Donnie saw Annette again and it was more heard than saw really as he heard her, presumably on the phone, but could briefly see items being put onto a shop trolley by someone in staff uniform. The stream of customers was pretty constant so Donnie carried on as normal, looking forward to his break. The next he saw Annette properly was when she came over to the fresh flowers near the front and rearranged them and checked their dates. The empty buckets reminded Donnie that a stock delivery was due later that day. Sometimes he was sent to receive the delivery but other times his boss insisted she did it. He wasn’t sure who it would be today but it wasn’t due for another hour at least.

4pm passed and Donnie was still alone. He’d been behind the till alone three hours now without a break and while he was a little hungry he was more aware he needed a bathroom at some point in the near future and wondering if he’d get a break soon. Officially, as Annette liked to remind him periodically, he wasn’t legally entitled to a break on a five hour shift but if the shop was quiet enough he usually managed to get one. There was no sign of Annette though so he just carried on for now.

4:30 came and not only was Donnie more aware of needing a pee but he was warm and thirsty too. Unable still to leave the till he rummaged in the bag and was delighted to find more apple juice. Sipping around half the carton as opportunity arose between serving he assumed he’d be released soon for a break where he could use the staff loo.

‘Excuse me please. The till hasn’t issued my change.’

It was that problematic self service till playing up. Donnie opened it up, tinkered around in what he could, issued the customer her change and then decided to turn the till off and put an out of order sign on. All the time he could feel the pressure building more and more in his bladder.

By now a queue had formed and Donnie pressed the bell for assistance. Annette appeared from the staff room and signed onto the spare till. Between them they worked through the waiting customers for the next 15 minutes while Donnie moved from foot to foot getting more and more keen to pee. As Donnie served the final queuing customer he saw Annette sign off the till and head away.

‘Annette, is there any chance I could have a break at all?’

‘Not right this minute Donnie sorry. I’m just doing the shifts for next month. I’ll come back once I’m finished though, ok?’

It wasn’t really ok but Donnie had no choice. He’d just have to wait.

As the afternoon wore on Donnie became more and more grateful for the fact he was stood behind a counter out of sight. It felt like his bladder had swollen a hundred times it’s usual size as he rubbed at his stomach and shook his leg. His bladder felt hard, full, and it ached. With less than an hour before he finished it wasn’t looking good for getting that break he really needed. He was so glad when for a moment the shop quietened as he paced behind the till and slipped a much needed hand into his trouser pocket to press his personal belongings in his crotch. He really did need that promised break. Where was Annette?

Finally he heard her again talking on the phone. He waved to try and get her attention but she didn’t notice. He pressed his thighs together and grimaced. Jeez he was really desperate for the loo! Thankfully it looked like Annette was coming over to him at last! His body throbbed in anticipation and it felt like the full contents of his bladder was pressing into his crotch as he stood behind the counter holding himself through his pocket while she approached, but before he could say anything another customer placed a basket on the counter.

‘Donnie that was the delivery driver on the phone. He’s been running behind but finally here. I’m just heading to the loading area. You can stay on a bit can’t you? Maybe half an hour or so? Maxine ought to be here to help you in about 45 minutes but I’d prefer two of you on at tea time as it gets busy as you know. I’ll add the hours in for you so don’t worry.’

Donnie took the customer’s money but couldn’t concentrate. He HAD to catch Annette before she left. He called after her, his face flushed.

‘Annette, any chance I could get a two minute break first. It’s just...I’ll be super quick I promise!’

Annette looked at her watch then glanced back at Donnie.

‘If I am not back by the time Maxine arrives you can clock off if you really need to but I’d much prefer you waited until I was back. The driver is running late and I can’t leave him waiting and I need the milk and bread out right away as we have none left now. Don’t let me down now Donnie...please.’

Donnie wasn’t sure if he was angry, shocked or just pissed off. What he did know was he was seriously bursting for the toilet and there was no way he could wait another 45 minutes. He wanted to run after Annette and tell her, beg her even, to allow him to go to the bathroom, or even better just race directly to the staff toilet, but he was stuck behind a till alone and once again there was queue of customers waiting impatiently.

Trying to be as professional as possible Donnie continued serving customers as he shook one leg then the other and moved from foot to foot. He was sure that any minute now his bladder would pop as he rubbed his stomach yet again. Even his back was now starting to ache as his whole body yelled for release. Donnie could feel his palms sweating more and more and his face blushing as he took payment, scanned items and bagged groceries. Every minute felt like days as his legs trembled in urgent need behind the counter.

Then one of the regular customers came forwards to be served and Donnie forced a smile. This was one of the young woman who made his shifts better, who he normally looked forward to seeing and who he quite fancied, though he wouldn’t admit it. She smiled and then looked at Donnie funny.

‘Are you feeling ok? You look a bit hot?’

Shaking a leg again and pressing his thighs tight together Donnie stepped closer to the counter as for the first time he felt he absolutely must grab himself to prevent a leak.

‘I’m fine thanks. Just keen for my break soon that’s all.’

‘She not gave you one again today? That’s shocking! When did you start?’

‘1pm. I finish soon though thankfully.’

‘Do you not even get a break to eat or drink then?’

‘Not really. I’m allowed to drink behind here at least though. But I’m looking forward to my tea later.’

‘You don’t even get like a loo break or anything?’

‘Not today. Mostly I do but it’s been busy today.’

‘Jeez I couldn’t do that. I’d be pure bursting if it was me.’

Donnie squeezed his penis before using both hands to help pack the customers goods. Picking up the bag to hand to her his face came closer to hers as he whispered so no-one else would hear.

‘I am.’

The girl looked Donnie right in the eye before speaking quietly.

‘No wonder. You poor thing. Will you make it?’

Donnie didn’t answer but his puppy dog eyes, tense face and biting lip said everything as he grabbed his crotch tight again. As she went to walk away the girl turned and looked concerned. She mouthed back very quietly.

‘Maybe you should keep a bottle back there?’

Donnie moaned as he tried to serve the next elderly man. His knees were wobbling and he almost felt faint at the pressure in his body. He couldn’t recall having to go this badly ever before. It was all he could think about, focus on and yearn for. If he didn’t reach a bathroom in the next few minutes he was afraid what might happen.

Finally he found himself alone again as he paced behind the counter and moaned quietly. Perhaps Maxine might arrive early so he could run to the loo or maybe Annette would come in and take over? Whichever happened it needed to be right now! Oh God did it need to be NOW!

As the sound of customers taking goods, chatting and picking up baskets filled the small shop Donnie felt his body go still and warm as his penis twitched and urine dribbled into his underpants. This was it. He was about to piss himself any second. He’d waited longer than ever before, squeezed more than he thought possible, filled his bladder more than he thought it could ever hold...and now it was coming to an end. As if in slow motion he watched as a customer facing away from him picked up a large bottle of lemonade and put it in her basket. A bottle? He needed a bottle right now!

Suddenly remembering the carton of apple juice he pulled one of the empty cartons up and stepping right against the counter he carefully undid his fly, placed the carton right over his crotch and slipped his leaking anatomy into the carton.

He stood there for a second but nothing happened. The thought someone might hear or catch him made his body clamp up as he counted slowly in his head and tried to breath. A dribble. Then another. Then a spurt.

But oh a customer! Yikes!

Donnie placed the cartoon by the till and zipped up his fly feeling dribbles still escaping into his clothing. He served the lady as quickly as he could then, checking no-one was around, he unzipped and let out some more piss. This time his body wanted to shoot out fast and it took all Donnie’s self control to pee quietly and slowly despite being absolutely aching to relax completely and release fully.

Quickly he stopped as another customer approached. Then another customer. And another. Having started releasing then stopping seemed to not only increase Donnie’s need exponentially it also seemed to enlarge his penis as the naughtiness and sneakiness of his actions had a big affect on his hormones. Tied between an agonising and urgent need to fully release and the ever increasing chance of being caught plus the now constant dribbling he could feel running down his inside leg Donnie wasn’t sure wether he longed to piss more or cum. Either way he had never been so glad to have his bottom half hidden by the counter.

Another customer. More scanning. More dribbles. The rock hardness of his penis slowly subsiding but the absolute aching desire to piss getting stronger than ever. After marching on the spot frantically with his back to the till he knew it was now or never. He turned towards the carton and stepped as close to the till as physically possible as he unzipped again and went to slide his penis into the carton when he jumped in fright.

‘Donnie I’m just putting this milk out then you can finish up ok?’

But Donnie stood in silence unable to answer as urine flooded out of his body powerfully and urgently soaking the counter, the till, his trousers and splashing the bag and all its contents on the bottom shelf.

Donnie didn’t know if Annette had heard it but as she walked towards the back of the store all he heard was her voice speaking as he tucked his penis into his drenched trousers and zipped them up again.

‘Sorry you never got a break today by the way. It’s been some shift eh!’

Bowing his head in shame and with his face scarlet as he looked at the puddle behind the counter Donnie nodded in agreement.

It had been some shift indeed.

*002*2021-02-09 10:43

{{15 minutes ago, Despguy123 said:

Another wonderful story! Reminds me of my days working in retail, trying to stay polite to customers while holding an aching bladder absolutely full to the brim with pee, although unlike poor Donnie I never had an accident at the till. Some days I definitely came close though, and I can relate to him being so desperate that he admitted his predicament to one of his customers.

}}

So glad you are enjoying them.I must confess some of your retail experiences have been absolutely marvellous and may have helped inspire this particular story. I also confess that I would 100% love to be the customer you or Donnie confessed to.

