The Vending Machine Game [Complete]

Author: Mariomo

*000*2023-06-04 06:57

Well, It's been a while since I've written a story. It's been a while since I've been on this website too. But I think you guys would like to take a look at something I've recently started writing.

Basically, I was browsing Twitter late at night, when I saw a youtube video (this is the link, btw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ZqJqZO9Ftg) video where a bunch of Japanese idols (???) were walking around an urban area and challenging each other to drink at every vending machine they saw. While nothing special happened apart from a pitiful bladder bulge, I still found myself in google docs thirty minutes later drinking tea, filling my bladder, and typing up a storm.

I'll give you a brief rundown of each main character before we start since the outfits and appearances and outfits I give them are very important to understanding the story, but if you want their personality and bladder capabilities to be revealed, well... no spoilers! you have to stick around and read.

Kayla Carson: She’s Caucasian, 5’8 with a thin waist and wide hips. She's wearing a pair of white khakis with a high waist, as well as a white lacy bra and a long-sleeved light blue transparent top over it. She also wears a comfortable pair of sneakers, with light blue socks to match her top. Her hair is about waist length, thick, and wavy, and a rich brunette.

Fun Fact: she does not own a car purely by choice, she insists on walking absolutely everywhere and will make the friend group come with her if possible.

Lilith Pham: She’s Asian, 5’4 but is wearing platforms that propel her a whole eight inches. Her hair is as deep black as it gets, and perfectly straight down to her knees. Despite this, it somehow manages to look like a mess. Not unclean, just unbothered by a brush. On purpose, of course. She wears a tiny plaid skirt that looks rather worn, as well as a functional floral lace corset. Her top isn’t a top, more like a tangled mess of ten differently-sized fishnets that all happened to fit like a shirt. She also is inseparable from a pair of thick shoulder-length leather gloves that she incorporates into every outfit she wears. Her face is always covered in a thick layer of goth makeup, she even purposefully cries every morning after she’s done applying it to ruin it because she insists it completes the look.

Fun Fact: She does makeup as a side hustle, but everyone's makeup in the group is free, which she insists on doing.

Grace Slater: Grace is Caucasian, 6'2 with absolutely glorious blonde hair that runs down to her knees and blue eyes. By some miracle, perhaps even every star in the universe aligning on the day of her birth, she has never failed at anything. The only true adjective to describe her is perfect. She is currently wearing a very short black tube dress that is quite thin and fits her like a second layer of skin. Her shoes are a pair of black 12cm stiletto heels.

Fun Fact: She has never gotten less than a hundred on anything in her two years of college so far, true to her strange life circumstances.

Destiny Mackenzie: Destiny resembles more of a reanimated corpse than anyone in any state of good health. She’s bone thin, her skin is ghoulishly pale, and the bags under her eyes resemble more of a bruise than anything most people would get from just a couple of all-nighters. Her skinniness is due to her metabolism, she eats quite a bit. Her paleness is a personal choice, she always goes out with an umbrella to shade herself. And the bags are just because she doesn’t sleep at all. She’s only 4’10 and combined with her petite features, her soft skin and softer, fluffy, messy grey hair, light face freckles, and deep jade eyes, she’s pretty cute. She wears a white long sleeve button-down shirt tucked into a monochrome plaid pleated skirt, as well as dark sheer pantyhose leggings and a pair of tiny Mary Janes that make a distinct click when she walks. She also has a little white fake flower in her hair, as well as a pair of intense glasses, since she is extremely nearsighted.

Fun Fact: Destiny has no fun facts, she really is just kind of a sad creature.

Joanna Joanna: Joanna is Hispanic but with more of a golden skin tone. She is wearing a loose white off-shoulder top tucked into a black flowy tennis skirt, a pair of white thigh-high stockings with little white bows on top, a pair of black suede wedge heels, and a corset underneath in secret that Lilith bought for her. Joanna is about 5'4 without her heels.

Fun Fact: Joanna's mother, grandmother, and great-grandmother were all named Joanna Joanna, with each child having that incorporated into their middle name. Joanna's full legal name is Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna Joanna.

Without further adieu, I welcome you to my latest work. I'm working on a shot epilogue as a favor for a friend. Please, enjoy this, and if anything is wrong with it, tell me how I can do better.

“What do you mean?”

“Well, it’s a long walk-”

“-Eight miles”

“-yes, and that’s like three hours, all through an urban district”

“Yeah, but that’s plenty of bathrooms, why hold it?”

“What other game can last three hours and be exciting?”

“Monopoly.”

“I’m not carrying a whole Monopoly game with us everywhere we go.”

“Uh huh, well it’s not like I have my blad- oh.” Interrupted Grace.

“Well, like, why are we just gonna hold it?”

“What's wrong with holding your pee?”

“It’s uncomfortable.”

“Same for the rest of us.”

“Yeah, but what if someone has a bigger bladder?”

“Okay, okay, look–”

“I just don't see-”

“--Hold on, hold on, the goal is simple. Make it there. At every vending machine we pass, we get two drinks. We roll a die twice, and the two numbers it lands on are the two people who have to drink. And nobody gets to keep walking until they finish.”

“That’s just torture!”

“No, I'm in on this. It seems fun, "said Lilith.

“How?”

“Grace is too, I’ll tell you how. Have you ever been out with friends and one of them is like, on the verge of pissing their pants?”

“Yeah, wasn’t it Joanna?”

Joanna looked appalled. “Are you talking about the coffee shop?!”

“MHM! MHM! Yes! The coffee shop! Remember how it was really funny cause you couldn’t stand up straight and were stumbling around? It’s like you were drunk.”

“I guess so..”

“No! Don’t remind me! I had two whole exams that day and the coffee shop one was out of order!”

“How’d you drink all that coffee and still get home?”

“I didn’t, I stopped at a Subway or something after we split.”

“Yeah, it was really-

“Only time I've ever used a public toilet in my LIFE.”

“-it was really funny, even Joanna was laughing.”

“I was nervous!”

“Like, laughing a lot.”

“I was really nervous..”

“Was it funny, though?”

“Like, my situation?”

“Yeah.

“A little, I guess.”

“Uh huh, see? What Kay is saying is that if we were all holding it, it would be really fun because we are all in an embarrassing situation together. If you have to pee, it’s awkward. But if all six of us do..”

“Lilith gets my point to a tee. I’m the founder of this little game so I’m obviously in. Lilith’s in, and Grace is too... Joanna?

Joanna looked away from everyone and covered her mouth with her hand. Her face was flushing into a faint pink. ”Sure, I guess..”

“What about Destiny?” asked Kayla. Destiny stared blankly into the distance, her pupils adjusted as she regained focus when her name was mentioned.

“Are you gonna play, Destiny? Did you hear the rules?” Beckoned Kayla.

“Yeah, I just… spaced out when you started arguing.”

“So?”

Destiny just nodded.

“Yay!”

Slowly, everyone turned their head to Alexis. “Hmph...” she grumbled, “I don’t really want to. It just seems… Weird.”

Silence fell upon the room.

Alexis looked around, everyone stared back. “I guess I should see myself out, then.”

Alexis left, slowly closing the door behind her without another word. The five remaining girls all looked back at each other. “We all like being a little weird, right?” Asked Grace.

“Alright, Hands in!” Kayla exclaimed.

Everyone put their hands in, first Kayla, then Lillith, Destiny, Joanna, and finally, Grace. Kayla gave a quick word of encouragement, “May we make it to the mall food court bathrooms with ease. Godspeed, sisters!”

“God, you’re corny,” Lilith mumbled

Kayla pushed her hand up from the bottom, which prompted the other five to throw their hands up as well.

“Let’s pee before we go, though, I wanna even the playing field.”

The girls all left the front door of Kayla’s apartment, bags in hand. They were all giggling amongst themselves, save for Destiny, who never laughed. They all collectively came to a stop in front of the elevator, Grace reached over to press the call button, but her hand was slapped away by Kayla. “What gives?” complained Grace.

“Well, would you guys consider the elevator a mode of transport?”

Kayla proposed an excellent question, everyone turned their heads to the staircase door right across the hall, A couple groaned in displeasure. “I’m wearing eight-inch platforms, Kayla.” Mentioned Lilith.

“Grace and I have heels on,” Joanna said, first pointing to Grace's twelve-centimeter stilettos, then her own twelve-centimeter wedges. “I think we’re gonna die if you make us walk down seven stories in these.”

“I’m fine with it.” Mumbled Destiny, twiddling her thumbs since she knew playing devil’s advocate would make everyone look at her.

Everyone looked at Destiny, she metaphorically shriveled up.

“Tell you what, let's make a compromise. You guys take the elevator and wait for us at the bottom, Destiny and I take the stairs.”

Lilith nodded, and Joanna pushed the call button. Kayla started towards the door, and Destiny followed closely. The two started down the steps, Kayla was in a hurry, but Destiny took her time. Kayla stopped at the bottom of the second flight, two flights making a floor. “Why are you going so slow?” She asked, her voice echoing through the stairwell.

“Why should I go fast?” Mumbled Destiny.

“Case it’s a race against the clock, It’s a race against your bladder, you gotta shave off every second!”

“Yeah, but we’re gonna be stopping at every vending machine, right? And staying there until whoever has to drink is done. That’s gonna take like five minutes at least per stop. Nobody wants to get sick from chugging, and especially later on, everyone’s gonna be sick of drinking anyway because we’re all gonna have to pee.”

“You’re only giving me more reasons to go faster since every second still counts.”

“The way I see it, what’re two minutes in a stairwell to an already three-hour walk with an additional five-to-ten tacked on every time we see a place to drink? It’s like a… a urinary deathbed, just gotta accept fate and let it happen. No point in delaying the inevitable... Or.. in- uhh... In this case, hurrying it… up.”

“Are you good?”

“Sorry, just trying to find the right words.”

Kayla continued to rush her way down the stairs, Destiny lost sight of her fairly quickly, before hearing the distinct sound of a metal door opening, the hissing of the hydraulic slow-close, and the clunk of it closing.

Four of the five ladies regrouped at the bottom. Joanna was staring off into the distance, a very mischievous grin on her pretty little face. Lilith was the first to remind the other two of Kayla’s presence. “Christ, that was fast.” She said. “Where's Destiny?”

“Taking her sweet time, said it doesn't matter if she's slow at stairs because we’ll all pee our pants anyway... Something like that”

“She’s not THAT glass-half-empty,” Replied Grace.

“Not half-full either”

“Just half!” Lilith said, much to Grace and Kayla’s amusement.

The stairwell door slowly creaked open, and Destiny emerged from behind it, clearly struggling to open it even with all of her strength. “Hey guys,” She whispered.

“How was the stairwell, Des?” Asked Lilith

“Alright, I guess... What does Joanna find so funny?”

Everyone turned to Joanna, taking notice of her still unbroken grin. They followed her face and saw that she was facing right at a vending machine. Kayla rubbed her chin. “Huh, I didn’t even notice I had one here.” She pondered. “Well, let’s go.”

Kayla motioned everyone to follow, and the group all made their way to the machine, upon closer inspection, they could see what it had to offer. Cans of soft drinks, some half-sized water bottles, and red and blue half-sized sports drinks. Everyone stared silently, then turned their heads to Kayla. “Well, you came up with the game, what’s the move?” Asked Joanna.

Kayla stuck her hand into her pocket and pulled out six post-its. She discarded the one on top, It was meant for Alexis. “Alright guys, put this somewhere where you can’t lose it.” She announced.

Kayla folded her one and put it in her pants’ watch pocket. Lilith put her two in her bra, Grace put her three in her handbag, Destiny put her four in her shirt pocket, and Joanna put her five in the back of her clear phone case. Kayla looked at the group with satisfaction. “Well, now I’ll just ask Simon to pick two numbers, and you two will buy your drink, and you can’t leave this lobby till it’s done! Both of you.”

Everyone nodded and looked at each other then back at the machine. “Oh, and everyone’s first drink has to be a sweet one, -y’know- since sugar gets the fluids pumping. After that, It’s just water.”

Joanna burst out in laughter, “Oh my god, I’m so nervous I already feel like I'm gonna pee..” Her face turned pink, she covered her mouth with both her hands and her phone. Through the way her eyes scrunched up, it was clear to tell she was still grinning like a maniac. “I dunno, I'm excited..” she giggled.

Grace turned to Joanna “Stay strong, we haven't even done a tenth of a mile yet, still got another ninety-nine point three-seven-five percent to go.”

“That’s a long walk!” Joanna chuckled, “Wait- what if Simon says the same number twice? Do I have to drink two drinks?”

Kayla shook her head “That would be insane.” she responded with a giggle, she then held her phone to her mouth. “Hey Simon, pick a number between one and five.”

“I pick four.”

Destiny immediately stepped forward to the machine, pulled out her card, reached up, and tapped it against the reader.

“Hey Simon, pick a number between one and five.”

“I pick three”

“Ssshit! Fuck!” complained Grace, “I was not expecting that already... Fuck, now I’m nervous.”

Destiny stood up with a little bottle of blue sports drink, cracked it open, and got to swigging. Grace stepped up and tapped her card, typing in the number for a sugar-free ginger ale, which was soon dispensed.

“Okay, okay… Now I’m fine. Since they drank instead of me.” Said Joanna, flapping her hands as if she was drying them off.

Lilith turned to Joanna “Geez, if you’re having this much fun already, you should wait until two hours later or something, you’ll be having the time of your life.”

“I dunno it’s just so… exciting! So high stakes, are you gonna risk public embarrassment, or a UTI? Either-or!” She burst into laughter once again.

Grace took a break from sipping her can, “Now let's not look too far ahead, don’t want to get antsy.”

Lilith brushed her hair aside exaggeratedly as if she was daydreaming, “I dunno, my demise by public humiliation sounds pretty hot…”

Grace stopped mid-sip, pushing the soda to one cheek to make room for speech, “Yurr shuch a whore, Liliph.”

Lilith made suggestive motions with one hand on her cleavage, and the other pressing her skirt into her crotch, all while striking a pose. “I know~...”

Destiny walked over to a nearby bin and dropped in her bottle before returning to the group. Grace finished her can as soon as Destiny came back, and opted to just toss it from a distance. It bounced off the lip of the trash, hit the wall behind it, fell into the leaves of a potted plant beside it, then slid off into it. “Trickshot.”

The five of them all left the front doors of the apartment complex and into the hustle and bustle of the city streets. They all grouped as they walked down the sidewalk, all but Kayla’s shoes clicked loudly with each step. “Oh, and one more thing.” Mentioned Kayla, “If we see another vending machine on like, the other side of the road, that’s a no-go. Crossing the road takes too much time.”

“We’re already ten minutes behind schedule, thanks to the stairs and the first drink.” Said Grace.

“Yeah, besides I think we’d pee our pants pretty quick if we went to every single one we saw,” Lilith added.

“We’d probably die from overhydrating,” Grace replied.

“Aren’t you a biology major though? I think you’d know not to do this, right?”

“Oh yeah, you could get infections, ruin your bladder muscles, kidney stones, kidney damage, hell, your bladder could explode inside of you, that’s gonna cause septic shock-“

“I don’t care.” Lilith interrupted,

“Me neither.” Replied Grace with a giggle.

“I don’t think any of us do.” Said Kayla, “Do we?”

“Not one bit!” Shouted Joanna, who struck a cute Jpop idol pose.

Destiny just shook her head. Joanna jumped up and down and shook her hands, squealing. “Eeeeee! I’m so excited!”

Kayla just looked down, wondering to herself if Joanna’s hyperactivity would persist as time went on. The group all stopped at a crosswalk, waiting for the little blue man to appear on the post across the street. Grace held up her hand, looking at her nails. “I think I should paint my nails, probably black to match this dress.” She said.

“I don’t see the point in that, not unless you’re gonna wear the dress or something like it every day” Kayla replied

“That’s the thing, I have two of these, and I. Fucking. Love it. Plus, they’re not expensive. I bought a bunch more on Sahara.” Grace interrupted herself with a little giggle, “I’m gonna be like Destiny, just owning a dozen of the same outfit.”

Destiny looked down at her shirt, and her shoes, then lifted her skirt a little to see the pattern. Yep, it was pattern-y. Kayla looked closer at Grace's nails. They weren’t painted or polished, but they were perfect, a lot like Grace. “Yknow, I dunno if painting your nails black would be the right move, it’s a little emo. I would-“

“Yknow what would look a billion times better?” Lilith interrupted.

Grace looked down at her nails one more time. “What?”

“You should get long gloves like mine.”

Grace looked over at Lilith’s gloves. “Well, not leather like mine. It’s a science, your dress looks thin, like you stretch it to put it on, right?”

“I guess…” Grace laughed a little “When I take it off it looks like a really long sock.”

“Right, so naturally, your gloves need to be the same material. If it fits you really tightly the same way your dress does, you go from being some pretty little blonde girl to being a James Bond lady who poisons martinis and beats up French guys. Look at Joanna’s socks.”

Everyone turned their attention to Joanna’s exquisite thighs in equally exquisite thigh highs. She struck another Jpop pose in response, nearly falling over as her ankle buckled from under her. “If you get socks like hers that stop riiiight before the dress starts, minus the little bow ties up top, and in black, of course- combine it with the gloves and I think people might just have a heart attack when they see you.”

The crosswalk light changed to the blue guy. As they all walked across, Grace looked down at her arms and legs, both bare-skinned and without tight black stretchy fabrics over them. “Send me a Sahara link to the gloves and the thigh-high stockings, I’ll get a pair of each, and if it looks good I’ll get a pair of each for every dress I have.”

“Then you’ll really be like Destiny,” Kayla added.

Destiny looked back down at her outfit. “Is it really that bad?” She asked quietly.

All the others collectively went “Awww!” at her question, and grouped around her, praising her outfit and apologizing for the terrible crime Kayla just committed. “I know she didn’t mean it in a bad way… I was just joking.” She muttered between being smothered in love and hugs

Eventually, the group stopped comforting Destiny and continued on their merry way. It was a short while before they were interrupted by Joanna snapping her fingers and whistling, pointing off to the distance. The group all followed her finger and spotted a vending machine beside a gas station. “Awesome, let’s go.” Said Kayla.

They all crowded around the machine. This one didn’t have a clear front end, but the choices seemed the same. Sodas, canned tea, and sparkling water, strangely enough. Kayla put her phone back up to her face, the girls all giggled nervously as they awaited who would have to start their journey to hell on this second stop. “Hey Simon, pick a number between one and five.”

“One.”

“Damn it… Hey Simon, pick a number between one and five.”

“Five.”

Joanna immediately doubled over, forking both her hands into her crotch. “NO! Oh my god, I'm so nervous… I’m gonna pee myself, holy crap…” She complained.

“Calm down, just one drink and you haven't even had it yet. You probably only have to pee because you're excited.” Grace explained.

“You're right! It's all in my silly tiny brain, not real.” Joanna replied, laughing as she stood up and clenched her fists at her sides.

Kayla tossed her can of iced tea in a bin beside the machine, everyone's attention turned to Joanna. She opened up her handbag, pulled out a dollar, inserted it into the machine, and selected the same iced tea as Kayla. Everyone watched as she silently picked it up, cracked it open, and started downing it in one go. When she finished, she dropped it in the trash bin. Kayla smiled, glad that everything was chugging along smoothly. “Well, let's keep going!”

Everyone departed from the gas station parking lot, they had only made it half a mile from the apartment building, at least according to Kayla’s phone, and still had seven and a half to go. They had already had a drink for almost everyone, save Lilith. Everyone still laughed and joked about how fun, exciting, and embarrassing the next few hours would be as they walked, though the conversation did still stick to some more normal topics as time went on. The drinks were recent, and nobody had announced that they needed to pee yet, so it was smooth sailing. Surprisingly, they hadn't seen another vending machine for another half mile, but good times don’t always last.

“Guys, over there.” Said Grace, pointing further down the sidewalk.

Kayla looked down the street, “Another one?” She asked.

Grace nodded, as the girls approached the storefront, the girls could see that right beside it was another machine from a competing brand. Lilith decided to bring this up first. “Well, what do we do now?”

Kayla opened her phone. “Well, we play the game for both of them.”

“Does the no doubles rule still apply?” Joanna asked.

“No, it’s per stop, not per machine. If I got rolled twice for the first machine, it wouldn't count. If I got rolled once for the first machine and once for the other, I have to drink twice.”

“Geez, I hope we don't encounter a lot of these.” Added Lilith.

“Right? Hey Simon, pick a number between one and five.”

“Two.”

Lilith pulled her paper from her bra and flinched a little reading the number. Alas, she walked up to the machine and inserted some cash. Kayla opened Simon again, “Hey Simon, pick a number between one and five.”

“Two.”

“Whoopsies, pick a number between one and five.”

“Two”

“Jesus, I'm tired of saying it, I'll just..”

Kayla went to the internet and asked it to pick the number.

“It says three.”

Grace sighed and lined up behind Lilith. “I'm doing water from now on, right?”

Kayla nodded and pressed the button to re-roll the numbers. “For the other machine, we have four, and… me.”

Destiny walked up to the machine and tapped her card. Kayla lined up behind her. Joanna put one hand on her hip and the other on her forehead in an L shape. “I hope you guys have strong bladders, 'cause you guys are gonna looose!~” she taunted.

Grace turned to Joanna and just shook her head, giggling at the comedy of her confidence. After Lilith finished her drink, Grace stepped up to buy hers. Beside them, Destiny picked up her water, holding it with both of her little hands. As Kayla purchased her drink, she silently wondered if Destiny’s tiny overall size would affect the size of her bladder. She didn't seem nervous though, nor did she mention any desire to pee. That didn't mean anything though, because seeing Destiny display an emotion of any kind was a miracle. Kayla finished downing the mini-bottle of water and tossed it into the bin. Grace showed Kayla her empty bottle. “Yeah, you drank it, nice job,” Kayla mumbled as she started walking.

“No, look, the amount of water in there. We should keep tabs on how much everyone has had to drink.” Grace explained.

Kayla’s face lit up. “That's a good idea! I really should've thought of that.”

“Well, you're lucky because…” Grace swiped through her phone and opened the notes app. “I've already got that all down.”

Intake:

Kay1 592ml

Lil2 355ml

Gra3 592ml

Des4 592ml

Joa5 355ml

“The average female bladder capacity is around half a liter, and the average pee is around a quarter of a liter to two-fifths of one. Three of us have already exceeded that in drinking alone. Isn't that fun?”

Kayla looked at Grace with a smug, sarcastic expression, “At first I questioned why you knew all of this, but then I remembered that you are the biggest human body nerd in the entire world.”

“There's data and information everywhere, Kayla. I'm going to learn and read every last bit of it, even if it means doing what we’re doing right now.”

Lilith butted in, “You'd think the blonde hair and blue eyes would drain any brain capacity from her head, but Jesus she's a fucking geek.”

“The only way I could look so pretty is by knowing every last thing there is to know about myself, so I can perfect it.”

“And you still need my fashion advice?”

“My biology means I could look better nude than in any clothes. I guess you could see this thing as like, a big black censored bar across my torso.” She said, pinching pulling the stretchy material of the dress, and letting it go with an elastic slap.

“Yeah, you’re too hot for a bookworm, I'll give you that.”

Grace gave a smug look at Lilith and flipped her hair in an equally smug fashion. “Thank you very much!”

“And you called me the whore…”

“Hate to interrupt, but there's already another machine ahead.” Mentioned Kayla.

The group looked up front, Kayla wasn't bluffing. They approached the next machine only mere minutes after the last one. They all crowded around it, and Kayla opened her phone once more to roll the numbers. “Five,” said Kayla.

Joanna pouted and dropped her arms, “Oohhh... I don't wanna drink more.”

Lilith raised an eyebrow, “do you have to pee yet?”

“No, but later on I'm going to, especially if I drink more…” she said before pouring and weeping some more. Though she perked up almost instantly as she inserted cash into the machine. She struck another cute pose. “But it's all just a fun little game, we’ll all be embarrassed together!”

Kayla waited for Joanna’s water to be picked up, as soon as she grabbed it, Kayla read the next number.

“Three”

“Jesus!” Exclaimed Grace, shocked.

“Wow!” Lilith cheered, golf clapping her hands sarcastically, “what about you, do you have to pee yet?”

Grace laughed, her perfection-ness reeked extra hard that time. “A little, but it's not anything I'd like, go to the bathroom for yet.”

“Maybe you can use your biology science wizardry to hold it better than the rest of us.” Joked Lilith.

Grace doubled over laughing even harder, subconsciously placing the palm of her hand over the end of her dress, right where her crotch was. When she got up, she pulled her dress down, since her bending caused it to ride up. It only went down a little below her unmentionables, the slightest disturbance made her underwear visible to the greater world. Grace paid for her drink and logged her and Joanna’s milliliters in the notes app, obviously doing the math in her head. 

When they both finished, the girls all continued walking. The next mile would be easy, but also difficult. Up ahead was a mile-long bridge over a river that separates the city they lived in in two. The easy part was that this bridge meant no more drinking for a good mile, the hard part was that waking up a half-mile incline would definitely start to put their kidneys to work, pumping plenty of fresh, hot urine into their bladders on this cold autumn afternoon. This wasn't even to mention that the sidewalk, like most, was poorly maintained, and two of the women were wearing heels, one in platforms. Speaking of which…

“God, I can't feel my legs anymore.” Grace complained, “It's cold, we’re like five-hundred feet off the ground over even colder water, it's windy, my feet, ankles, and everything below my hips can't decide whether it’s numb or in pain, and I have to pee.”

“Ugh. I can say the same here for everything. I'm in a...” Joanna stopped and struck a pose. “Lot!” Another pose, “Of!” One last pose, “Pain!”

Since her last pose was on one foot, her leg almost buckled in again, but she regained her composure. Everyone had stopped to watch her, and Kayla chimed in too. “I could kind of go, but not really.”

Lilith nodded “I'm with Kayla on this.”

“Yeah, well you guys had less to drink than me,” Grace replied.

“Not Joanna though, I've had just as much as her. Lilith hasn't.”

Lilith shrugged, “Everyone’s bladder is a little different.”

Joanna’s face scrunched into a pained expression. She bobbed in place a little while balling her fists up at her sides. “Why are we just standing here?! We’re not even halfway to the top of the bridge! My legs really really hurt and I have to pee!” She whined.

Everyone got her point, they all turned away from each other and continued scaling the bridge. A guardrail separated them from the highway traffic, but the wakes of frequent passing trucks still caused powerful gusts of wind that almost knocked everyone over each time it happened, but everyone still pushed on. Eventually, they crested the top of the bridge, and Joanna did a cute little victory dance to celebrate.

“Why are you so hyper? Aren't you hurting a lot right now?” Asked Grace, effectively reading everyone's mind.

In response, Joanna struck yet another pose. “Because pain is beauty, and beauty is pain! My adrenaline is pumping, I'm in a lot of beauty, and I'm looking really painful!”

Grace turned to Kayla and Lilith, “is she okay in the head? You knew her before I did.”

Kayla shook her head, “She was insane when I met her, and she's only gotten worse since.”

After Kayla's short comment, the group turned back to Joanna, who was silently weeping to herself, complaining about how cold it was and how she had to pee. “Do you even have to pee that bad?” Asked Lilith

Joanna immediately stopped crying, her teary eyes almost instantly dried up, “No, it’s not bad at all, it's just all the other stuff, like the weather”

“My dress is perfectly even with my crotch, and it's really thin. Not only is the cold air going under it, but it's also going right through it too. You've got a baggy top and stockings on, as well as closed shoes, I don't think you have as much room to complain as me.” Grace explained, crossing her arms more out of necessity than anger. “If we’re walking home tonight too, I'm really gonna regret this dress.”

“We are,” Kayla replied with clenched teeth.

Grace looked like she had just been punched in the chest like she was suffocating and holding back tears at the same time. “Maybe it won't be that cold...” she muttered.

“We’ve been standing still again!” Lilith loudly complained.

The girls quickly shut up, and all started the much easier, much faster way down the bridge. When they reached the other side of the river, the sidewalk took them down off the highway as it broke off from the route to the mall, the walk would pass through a waterfront urban district before meeting up with a parkway that leads straight to the mall according to Kayla’s phone. The girls all struggled to walk down the poorly maintained stairs but were in pure bliss when they reached the bougie, well-kept sidewalks of this waterfront district. Not that Lilith’s, Grace’s, and Joanna’s legs would hurt any less. At first, the streets were full of upscale diners, the girls joked about going into each diner and ordering a drink, but their joking ended when they reached another gas station.

“Fuck… Already?” Grace muttered nervously.

“Why so nervous?” Asked Kayla. “You've had three drinks, I'm sure luck will be on your side this time.”

“Don't jinx it, stupid.”

“Someone's getting a little agitated by their bladder.”

“And my heels.”

“And their heels.”

“And the cold.”

“And the cold.”

The group arrived in front of the machine, but before they could crowd around it, Kayla spoke up, “Guys, before I roll the numbers, I just wanted to say... There are another two machines right there.”

Kayla pointed across an intersection to another gas station with a pair of vending machines sitting right out front. All the girls except for Destiny looked a little frightened by its presence. “Anyways, the internet says… Four and one.”

Destiny stepped up to the machine and bought her drink. She cracked it open and looked down the mouth of the bottle a little as the water wobbled around from being moved. It reminded her of something. She closed her eyes and chugged back the bottle. Maybe if she didn't see herself drinking it, it was never consumed at all. Both she and Kayla finished theirs at the same time and took turns dropping their bottles in the trash. The girls crossed the street and lined up at the other machines soon after.

“Machine one is two and five”

“No! Ugh! I don’t want more!” Joanna loudly complained, before buying her next bottle and drinking it anyway, “Why can’t I just go already?!” She demanded rather furiously, before flipping immediately to laughter, “Wouldn’t it be really funny if I had to go super duper bad again like that one time in the coffee shop?”

Lilith stepped up and bought hers without any complaints. Grace stood behind Kayla with her legs crossed, kind of rotating side to side. “So, are you gonna read the next machines numbers?” She asked a clear note of anxiety in her voice.

“Not until the previous machine’s victims are done drinking.”

“Victims?”

“I feel like we are all kind of suffering at the hands of the vending machines, aren't we?”

“No, we are suffering because we chose not to use the bathroom until we reach the mall.” Grumbled Grace, her voice a little quivery.

“Lighten up a little, this isn’t some pessimistic social experiment, this is a fun little game where we all humiliate ourselves because we are young and dumb. Guys, machine two is three and five.”

The group watched in real-time as Grace’s skin went from a perfect sun-kissed Caucasian to Destiny-colored. Lilith giggled, “Maybe you should have lightened up, then god wouldn't have smitten you with the curse of ‘pissus-yourus-selfus’”

Grace’s frightened expression was changed by this, her mouth morphed into a smile, and she even giggled a little, but her eyes looked like someone just told her the exact time and date she would die, and it wasn’t very far. “You’re right, that's actually pretty funny, Lil.” She said in a shaky attempt at mimicking her normal, warm, perfect voice.

Her skin had not regained its color.

While all of this had gone on, nobody had noticed how long it had taken for Destiny to drink her newly-purchased bottle. She had opened it but was stuck at the ‘looking down into the crystal clear pool of doom’ stage. She was waiting for the water to settle from being moved. Maybe, just maybe, if it moved less in the bottle, it would move less in her. If she left the cap open for just another second, all of the water would magically evaporate and she wouldn’t have to drink any. She closed her eyes so hard her ears started ringing, and chugged the bottle. She tossed it, turned around, and rejoined the group, gripping the front of her skirt with both her hands. Now that she could see, Grace was throwing away her bottle, and Joanna was crying actual tears, ruining her makeup, before suddenly switching back to laughter, and chugging the bottle even faster than Destiny had. Lilith walked up closer to Joanna, “Do you want me to wipe off your makeup? It’s all destroyed from your crying now.”

Joanna pushed Lilith's hand away and shook her head. “No, no, I think the way you cry for your makeup is just the sexiest thing in the entire fucking universe, now I look like you.” She said warmly, with a whole-hearted grin.

Her expression quickly changed to a look of struggle, she knifed both of her hands into her crotch with full force, stretching her tennis skirt to the point where it was riding up her behind. “I have to peee…” she groaned.

Lilith was a little concerned with Joanna’s erratic behavior, but the circumstances at hand were pretty unique, so she didn’t question it further.

“Shall we get moving?” Inquired Kayla.

The group peeled away from the machines all at once. And continued towards the mall.at this point, Kayla’s phone was saying that they were already two-thirds of the way there, from here, it was just a straight shot through Walker’s Park and the pedestrian skyway that passed over the freeway. Walker’s Park was an extension of the sidewalk that broke off from the main road a little, twisting through shrubbery, lakes, and various other pretty things. It would be fine for them though, since the park had no spots to stop your car. It was made for people who already happened to be walking through the area, like the girls.

The Skyway was a pretty significant detour, it was the only way to cross the highway on foot since the sidewalk ended just before the main street bridge. It ran along the upper wall of the highway for about a quarter mile, before reaching a deviation in the highway, where a pedestrian bridge crossed over. The issue with Walker’s Park is the exact reason why people like it.

Because it is built on the steep uphill of the city’s streets, it has multiple artificial lakes that each waterfall down into lower ones. The big problem with this for the girls is that rather than building a tunnel for the water to pass under the sidewalk, they simply let it run over the pavement. It’s not too high though, the water isn’t high enough to get in their shoes, it just flows around at the soles of them. Simply put, the sound of running water for over a mile of walking, plus the repeated stepping through little streams of running water would be a whole lot for these rapidly filling girls to handle.

“Walker’s Park? What’s that?” Asked Lilith, spotting the sign first from a distance.

Kayla stopped and began rapidly bobbing in place as she read the sign. When Lilith stopped, she rocked back and forth a little. When Grace stopped, she gripped the bottom of her dress, using her middle finger to press forcefully against her urethra. She also stepped side to side repeatedly, crossing her legs with each step. When Destiny stopped, she pushed the front of her skirt into her crotch and stood in place with her legs doubly crossed. 

When Joanna stopped, she grabbed herself from under her skirt and began repeatedly bending down and straightening up while breathing rather heavily, and periodically hopping in place. Kayla grabbed her phone from her pocket and took a second to look it up, crossing her legs as she impatiently waited for the results to show. “Walker’s Park is a linear park that replaced the Main Street 43rd to 46th stretch of sidewalk, the project was completed in 2003. It redirects foot traffic through a nature-filled, visually pleasing walk between multiple lakes and waterfalls. It even allows foot traffic to walk through shallow sections of the waterfalls without getting their feet wet, as the sidewalk goes through the water as opposed to over it.”

“Is it a dead end?” Asked Grace, her voice heavily struggling to maintain its usual angelic aura.

“No,” replied Kayla.

“Then hurry up!” Joanna viciously snapped, before letting out a cutesy giggle, “Or I'm gonna have a little accident under my skirt!~”

The girls all slowly began walking again, Kayla a little stiffer than usual, her thighs rubbing together a little. Lilith maintained a good walking posture, Grace with her legs firmly stuck together, her thighs and calves audibly sliding against each other, she fidgeted with her hair with one hand, the other rested against her thigh in case she needed to grab herself in an emergency. Destiny looked down and gripped the front of her skirt with force, her other hand fidgeting aimlessly. Her walk was also stiff, but slower. Joanna walked slightly hunched forward, one hand still pressed against her crotch, the other texting a friend about how badly she had to pee.

They all stiffened up significantly as they entered the park. The sound of calmly flowing water and the sight of waterfalls were beginning to make their bladders go mad. They crossed over a river crossing, and the sight of themselves stepping in coincidentally puddle-deep water was beginning to eat away at their sanity. Joanna was the first to speak up, “I think this may literally be the worst I’ve ever had to pee in my life. I’m not kidding.”

“Same here, I think what's happening to us is called Pavlov reflex,” Explained Grace, “You teach a dog to ring a bell for food by ringing a bell every time you give it food. It hears it and thinks ‘It’s food time’ So if it were to ring the bell, that must mean it’s food time. We hear splashing water when we pee, so this is our bladders saying ‘It’s pee time’ but with the fact that it’s also been pee time for like five miles now. We won't have to pee as bad once we make it out of this park.”

The girls stepped through another water flow, and while they couldn’t see it due to the tree shade, cloud shade, and the darkness of the early-setting autumn sun, Destiny’s face was presenting an actual, real emotion. Her face was scrunched up in a look of absolute struggle. Not only was this also the worst she’d ever had to pee, but it was like that tenfold. Since she just sits around at home all day, her needs are met the very minute they arise. She has never put off the bathroom longer than a day in SunDrop Plains, and she usually just pauses and goes before the in-game day is over anyway. This may have been twice as bad as Grace's worst time, Five times as bad as Joanna’s worst, but the number for Destiny’s ‘times as bad as my last fullest bladder’ meter was shooting up at light speed.

Each step became more difficult than the last, they were starting to struggle through this park. It couldn't possibly get worse until they rounded the next corner. In front of them lay a simple building. A public toilet. And beside it, two vending machines. Almost as if to mock their suffering, the nighttime lamps all turned on, with one being right over the vending machines, but the light over the women’s bathroom door was burnt out, only the men’s light remained lit. The warm lighting helped Grace look a little more perfect as she struggled to reach the machines. Nobody had even acknowledged their existence yet, but they all slowly crowded around them, knowing exactly what to do. Kayla looked down at her phone, she struggled to read it because her hands were shaking from a combination of the cold and her desperation. “For the first machine, two and… three.”

Lilith sighed, a little bothered by the fact that she’d have to drink more water in such a setting and situation. Grace didn't even try complaining. Any breath or energy used for her to complain would just be better used holding her pee. She watched as Lilith drank her bottle, the sight of it made her a little sick. This feeling only increased as she stepped up to the machine. Grace felt like she was going to vomit as she reached down for the drink. Not because she had over-drunk, but the physical exertion of walking up the steeply banked city streets was more than enough to constantly drain her stomach of fluids so there was always room for more. But because she feared that if she fails to hold it to the mall, this wouldn't be like failing an assignment. This would be failing her very own body, on a busy city street, in front of all her closest friends and countless strangers. Something she hasn't done since she was a baby.

Grace was not unique in this regard. Almost every other girl in the group was uncomfortably squirming, the same thoughts all running through their minds. The only minute difference was Destiny, who had peed herself in her sophomore year of high school when she got beaten up by a group of bullies. Despite that, she still feared the embarrassment. Someone didn’t, however. And they were reveling in the fact that everyone they passed on the sidewalk looked at them funny, Joanna was not-so-secretly having the time of her life. Something about the embarrassment of their current situation made her feel quite steamy on this chilly autumn afternoon.

Grace almost gagged taking the last swig of her water bottle. Her need to pee was bad enough already, and the bathrooms in plain view just a few steps away were making everyone’s bladder flips. She turned to Kayla with a shaky smile. “Well, who's next?”

“Sorry… I was looking at the bathrooms. Really distracting, huh?” She said.

The whole group looked towards the women's toilet when she mentioned them, “I'm sure we’re all strong-willed enough to push ourselves to the mall. The second machine is two and five.”

Lilith seemed a little hurt from having to drink two back-to-back, but the rules are the rules, and she wasn't losing the game. Joanna was losing her ability to complain, but her pee dancing as she downed her bottle was worth all of the complaints in the world about her full bladder. As they both finished their bottles and tossed them, the group silently agreed that they had to get moving quickly, and departed almost immediately at their slow, desperate pace. They continued to shuffle their way through the park, and just as Grace predicted, their needs subsided a little as they left the park, and went back out into the city streets. “Geez, that was pretty intense, huh?” Asked Kayla

The group all nervously nodded, their bladders too full to focus on a good conversation. Kayla continued to prod for a response, “So are we all still having fun? I hope you are.”

The girls half-heartedly nodded. The original concept was still fun but the state of matters right now was kind of diminishing the dopamine returns. It was like playing soccer, but your knee kind of hurt. One thing was certain though, none of them were going to back out. They had locked in and were all in fierce competition with each other, and everyone was determined to make it there or pop their bladders trying. “Guys, another machine up ahead.” The girls all looked up, finding it difficult to believe they had run into another so soon. It was as they approached that they wished they were just seeing things. Joanna, whose walk had devolved over time into a moving pee dance, was the first to point things out. “It's another pair..” she groaned between labored breaths.

The girls once again lined up silently, they had no room to complain when they had so much on their plate. Kayla pulled her phone out of her pocket, her hand shaking as she pressed the button to re-roll the numbers. “One and Three.”

Grace sighed, Lady Luck was not on her side today. She purchased her drink, and forced it down the hatch, then watched as Kayla did the same. When she stepped back and pulled out her phone again, she took a second to press her thighs together tightly and jump up and down, using her other hand to forcefully grab the crotch of her pants. She smiled a little at the comedy of her situation. “Geez, I have to pee so freakin’ bad, I dunno how you guys are doing it, I guess my bladder’s a little smaller…” She pulled her phone away from her pants and looked at the screen, pressing the re-roll button to see who had to drink next. “Three and Four.”

Grace’s skin somehow lost even more color than it already had, her streak of bad luck was just getting worse and worse. For just a split second, her face was in an expression of pure horror, but she adjusted it back to a disingenuous imitation of her warm, perfect smile. “I guess I’m just a little unlucky today…” she joked, with a very nervous giggle.

Destiny wasn’t doing much better, she watched as Grace drank, which reminded her of herself drinking. The flowing water in the bottle, as Grace sipped, reminded Destiny of the waterfalls in the park they had just passed through, which itself reminded her of her bathroom breaks at home that she took every half hour. She stepped up to purchase her drink, her mind racing, wondering if she would even make it to the mall.

As the last drop of water was drunk, she started to feel dizzy from the stress of the whole situation. Of course, she still tried her hardest not to let it show, emotion of any kind is not a Destiny thing. Kayla straightened herself up from the little pee dance she was doing and motioned for the girls to continue following her up the sidewalk. They sluggishly squirmed their way up the steep city streets, the exertion of walking up steep embankments, some in high heels no less was not just draining them of their water, it was also making them a little thirsty, though the girls desperately didn't want to drink another drop. They only had a mile and a half left, and things were not looking bright. It was just as the group crested the very top of the hill, that Kayla saw something she never wanted to see.

Just to their right, in a nice big lot, stood a Green Foods store, with two vending machines in front of it, the thing that made this store especially awful was that the vending machines were water only, and they sold only regular-sized bottles. She stopped, and turned to the rest of the group, she took one hand from her crotch and said nothing while simply pointing at the machines. Lilith Groaned in defiance, before sighing in defeat, “Looks like four of us aren't going home dry tonight.” she muttered, before starting her way to the machines.

“Depends on the rolls.” Replied Kayla, trailing behind.

“I don't think I can fit another drop of water in me…” complained Grace, “I’ve had seven drinks in the past five hours. If that’s the brand I think it is, their bottles are five-hundred-ninety-one milliliters each. That's two-point-four-nine-three times the size of the ones we’ve been drinking.”

“How can you still do math like that?” Joanna asked, trying to break her past silence.

“I’m good at it.”

They all slowly arrived at the machine. Kayla’s shoes overlapped from how pigeon-toed her stance was. She was hunched over with both of her hands tightly gripping the crotch of her pants, and she bounced up and down rather quickly. Lilith had her legs crossed, her hands fidgeting with her skirt. Grace was slightly squatting and getting back up repeatedly, crossing her legs for a second whenever she got up. Both of her hands were gripping tightly at her nether regions, her middle fingers on top of each other both pressing against her urethra with significant force. Destiny was stepping side to side, both hands also tightly griping her crotch. She sometimes bent over forwards to relieve the pressure on her bladder. Joanna simply squatted down and pressed the back of her shoe’s wedge into her underwear, hoping the force of her entire body weight would be enough to seal her bladder shut for the time being. Kayla rolled the number again, “Four and five for the first machine.”

Joanna reached up to Destiny and held out her card. “Can you buy my drink for me? I can't get up.” She said, before laughing a little.

Destiny Bought Joanna’s drink first, who reached into the slot at the bottom to grab it before Destiny could. Destiny handed Joanna back her card. She then bought her drink, and once again just opened it, staring at the water inside it, all five-hundred-ninety-one milliliters of it. This was urinary suicide. And she was staring down the gun’s barrel. She was so focused on worrying about the drink that she had even stopped squirming. She only snapped out of her trance after Kayla stuck her hand in Destiny’s line of sight and snapped her fingers. “C’mon, we can’t start the next machine until both of you are done.”

Destiny looked down at Joanna, who was halfway done with her bottle. Destiny took a deep breath, crossed her legs, closed her eyes, and preemptively gripped herself with her free hand. Bottoms up! The chugging felt like it was taking ages. Like the bottle just kept refilling itself whenever it got close to being empty, the thought that this bottle alone was more than the average female bladder size kept repeating in her head. Somehow, after what felt like a whole minute, the bottle ran dry. She could feel the upper half of her body thanking her for hydrating herself before the lower half began throwing up service lights and emergency alarms. Her bladder was beginning to feel the burn, it started sending these funny sensations throughout her abdomen and thighs. They weren't particularly pleasant, but they weren’t unpleasant either…

Kayla let out a sharp stressful sigh, before raising her phone and running the numbers again. “One, that’s me, yay… and three.”

Grace’s eyes welled up with tears, but she smiled brightly enough that people would focus more on her perfect smile rather than her crying, not that anyone could see her besides the girls. “I think I’m gonna fucking die…” She muttered quietly to Kayla, “Words cannot describe how badly I already have to pee.”

Kayla turned to Grace just as she finished chugging her bottle. “What’s wrong? Are you not having fun anymore? If you want to stop you can go inside and pee.”

Grace stopped halfway through her bottle to reply, “I'm having plenty of fun, it’s just difficult to realize- Hold on.” Grace held up a finger and quickly downed the rest of her water. “It’s difficult to realize- no- grasp that today would be not only my first time peeing myself since I was in diapers, but it would also be my first time losing in anything ever.”

The group began walking, very slowly to not disturb their bladders. “Don’t you do volleyball and chess? You’ve probably played hundreds of games, you’ve had to have lost some of them.”

Grace shook her head. “Nope. Do you know how every parent wants to raise their child to be perfect? Like an Olympic athlete and better than Einstein at the same time?”

Kayla nodded, and Grace continued “Most of those kids end up burnt out and depressed before they even leave 6th grade. I dunno how I did it, but, like, I’ve just never lost. Not at anything, ever, not even stuff I’ve never done before; Volleyball, Chess, Dodgeball, Track, Swimming, Beauty Peagants, Employee of the Month…”

“Wow.”

“It’s just… Turning my world upside down that I may just take my first loss ever in something as simple as a pee-holding contest.”

“Well, Your bladder is only as strong as your will to wait. I’d hate for you to lose, but I’m not going to give up and just give you the win.”

“I understand that. And I’m going to push to the very end to kick you guys’… urethras.” She joked, letting out a giggle.

Their conversation was suddenly interrupted by what sounded like a puppy whimpering. The girls all looked around curiously, before spotting that right behind them, Destiny was in a real situation. Her face was disfigured and red as a cherry, her thighs were tightly together, but she was standing pigeon-toed on the very tips of her mary-janes. Both her hands were gripping her nether region with all her strength. Slowly, she first fell to one knee, then let out a squeak before quickly covering her mouth and falling entirely to the ground. She squeezed shut both of her eyes and began to pant heavily through her cupped hand, tears streaming from her eyes. “Oh my god!” Shouted Grace, “Are you okay?”

The sudden rush made Grace entirely forget she had to pee. She ran over to Destiny and knelt down in front of her, Destiny took a second but nodded nevertheless. “I’m sorry, I’m fine, I didn't mean to cause a scene…”

Destiny couldn’t open her eyes, she’d have a heart attack if she saw everyone looking at her, which they were. The truth was, her initial whimpering was from a bladder spasm. She fell to her knees because the pain from it made her feel overwhelmingly in a certain way. Her loud outburst and her falling to the ground were because something else entirely happened, something she’d never admit to. The way she was sat on the ground, her undergarments were visible under her skirt, but her hand covered them, both out of necessity to hold her pee, and out of necessity to hide something else. Destiny slowly, shakily got back up, she was going to wipe the pebbles off her knees, but when she lifted her hand from her panties, she could feel a stringy fluid stretching from her hand to her panties, she quickly placed her hand back where it was, and opted to just walk with rock-covered legs instead. She passed by Grace who got up slowly since she was now remembering that she still had to pee.

“Where’d the sidewalk go?” Asked Lillith, noticing that there was no way for the girls to cross the bridge that was just in front of them.

Grace peeked over the railing, seeing a two-story drop to a highway below them, with a glass canopy pedestrian bridge lower down. Kayla pulled out her phone and pointed down an alley that the sidewalk detoured down. “We gotta go down there, then there is a ramp that leads us to the pedestrian bridge right down here. Vice versa on the other side, then it’s a straight shot to the mall.”

“Why couldn’t they just put a sidewalk on this bridge like the last one?” Joanna whined, “It’s so complicated, and I really really gotta pee.”

“That’s what makes this game fun. Scenic routes become our obstacles.”

The group looked down the alley again. It was lined with bougie restaurants and hole-in-the-wall draft bars. “That’s a lot of people.” Mentioned Grace, concerned they may see her in such a state.

“That's a lot of people.” Cooed Joanna, hoping that lots of people would see her in such a state.

The group started their way down the alley, all of them stiffened up and walked awkwardly in an alienlike attempt to look normal. Save for Joanna, who just couldn't help it. She was singlehandedly bringing attention to the whole group, as people were seeing a bunch of pretty girls walking down the sidewalk, one of them a damsel in distress. Everyone but Joana buried to the down-ramp entrance for the walkway, shuffling as fast as they could to leave Joanna in the dust. 

When they got there, they got to a point far enough down that nobody in the restaurants could see them and just waited for Joanna. Joanna soon stumbled around the corner, the girls were all squirming and pee-dancing extra hard to make up for what they couldn’t do in front of the crowds of people. The lights along the walkway illuminated them in a way that could only show their silhouettes, but it was still obvious who was who. This silhouette lighting also brought something to Lilith’s attention. “Oh my god! Grace!” She shouted.

Grace immediately began panicking. “What, is there something on me? Is my makeup-”

“No, Grace, look… You’re pee-pregnant!” Lilith added, pointing at the insane amount of bloat spilling out of Grace’s belly.

Grace stopped and looked down, she slid her hand over her huge, stiff bladder. “Wow.” is all she could say as she continued to rub it “Wow… Wow…”

Nobody could see it in the darkness, but her face was turning pink, and her breath was getting just a little steamy. “Lilith… could you… take a picture? I want to see my silhouette.”

Everyone continued to stare at Grace’s bladder, Lilith soon handed Grace her phone with the picture on display. “Jesus… it's like I’m… ten weeks in.”

Grace didn’t know quite what was happening to her, she was in terrible pain and regretted having put herself in such a situation, but after seeing herself with such a curious shape protruding from her, the pain, the water, the anxiety was all null and void. She was confused in many aspects, but one thing she was sure of is that she really, really liked what she saw. Kayla undid her belt and pulled her pants away from her waist. “Oh wow, I’ve got one too, it’s not that big, though.”

Lilith shook her head. “I can’t have one, I’m wearing a corset.”

Destiny used a hand to pull her skirt back, she also had a pretty sizeable one, but that didn’t matter to her. Her bladder was far past its limit, and it was fighting against her to try and evacuate itself.

Joanna nervously giggled, pee dancing in place fairly intensely. “Guys… I think we should get moving, I dunno how much longer I can last,” she suggested.

The girls all looked amongst themselves, Kayla and Grace suddenly remembering how much they had to pee, they took a second to squirm desperately before regaining composure. “Yes, yes, I forgot!” Kayla exclaimed nervously, being hit with a sudden onslaught of desperation, “Let's go.”

The girls continued their trek, going through the pedestrian bridge, up the other ramp, and back onto Main Street from the alley. They managed to make it to a point where they could even see the entrance to the mall parking lot, but at that point, all of the girls had to repeatedly stop and take squirming breaks just so they wouldn't lose control. Kayla’s bladder had a mix of all kinds of pain and was really at its limit. Somehow though, she managed to hold on. Lilith’s bladder was almost full, but not quite yet. It didn't have any kind of unique pain either. 

Grace's bladder hurt an exceedingly high amount. It had a low, constant ache that burned. Her back and kidneys hurt a lot as well, as her bladder had long ago started to overfill. She knew exactly what was happening since she was a biology major. Destiny’s bladder hurt just as much as Grace’s but in the opposite way. The pain was sharp and stung, it felt like a million ice-cold knives were stabbing through every part of her abdomen and thighs. Her back and kidneys hurt too, just as much as Grace’s. She felt nauseous, but she wasn't exactly not enjoying it either. Joanna’s bladder was also past its limit. It felt a little like Destiny’s but nowhere near as intense. Joanna just seemed a lot more desperate than Grace and Destiny because she was a total drama queen.

“Guys, once we step into that parking lot, the rules change.” Explained Kayla.

“How so?” Asked Lilith, struggling to even stand.

Kayla looked back at the group, she was just one step away from the black pavement of the mall’s parking lot, “once I set foot on this property, first one to pee is a rotten egg.”

Kayla stepped just one step into the parking lot, and Lilith and Joanna set off running as fast as their weirdly shaped shoes would allow. Kayla continued walking, only getting a few steps before she appeared o have tripped, falling on one knee. Both of her hands were tightly gripping her crotch, but that wasn’t quite enough to shield herself from the ongoing bladder spasm. She clenched her hands as tightly as she could, she tried her hardest, but Destiny and Grace could still see as a couple of drops seeped out between her fingers. Eventually, after what seemed like the struggle of her life, she rose, a noticeable wet spot on her white khakis. “You know what? I’m with the other two on this, see ya soon!” She hurriedly stammered before taking off towards the food court entrance of the mall.

Grace squirmed a little, seemingly bothered by the sight of urine on Kayla’s panties. She turned and looked at Destiny, who quickly glanced back. Upon realizing that Grace was looking at her in such a state, she almost immediately folded, fell to her knees, and covered her face with one hand before a loud hissing sound erupted from her. She pulled her skirt up off of the ground with her free hand so as to not let it get wet. Slowly, a puddle of urine began forming around her. First, it spilled out from between her knees, then from behind her feet, then it just continued to grow larger, and larger, and larger until it almost cleared half the width of the parking spot she was in through its diameter. After all was said and done, all that remained was a weeping Destiny in a puddle of pee that was rapidly soaking into the asphalt, and Grace who just stood there speechless. It took a minute, but the girls eventually returned to the scene. “Oh my god, Destiny!” Lilith cried out.

Joanna knelt down to Destiny’s sitting height, “You poor poor thing, c’mere!” She cooed, hugging her tightly.

Kayla and Grace also silently approached Destiny to aid in comforting her through such a horrible, horrible situation.

Geez, this was too much attention for her…

