The Legend of Zelda TP: Zelda's Defeat

Author: MemeOverlord

*000*2020-08-20 06:30

$$

"How could it have come to this?!" Zelda thought to herself as she raced down the corridors of her castle. It had been a quick and decisive defeat for the Hyrulean forces guarding the castle's outer defenses. An army of these vile twilight beasts had suddenly appeared out of nowhere, and quickly overran the walls, taking the Soldiers by surprise. After the walls fell, the courtyard quickly followed suit, now the Twilight forces were surrounding the inner keep, it was only going to be a matter of time before they broke in.

As the Princess, it was now up to Zelda to defend her people, and protect the realm of Hyrule. But how? In a matter of hours, her army had been crushed, and her castle all but toppled. The situation seemed hopeless. Zelda could already feel the fear building in the back of her mind as she stopped for a moment to catch her breath. She leaned against the cold stone walls of the castle corridor, and gasped for air. While recovering, Zelda became aware of another urgent situation...she needed to pee! The assault on the castle began without warning, thus granting no chances for a restroom break.

"We must keep moving, Your Grace!" the royal guard Captain shouted, "We have to get you to the final protective line before the keep doors fall!" This jolted Zelda back into reality, she quickly pushed the thoughts of her full bladder to the back of her mind and pressed onward through the next set of doors. The guards barred the doors behind them.

After some more breathless running, Zelda and her guard escort finally reached the throne room, the last line of defense. While running, they had heard many horrible noises from down below, it was apparent that the keep doors had fallen, and the Twilight forces were working their way through the remaining Hyrulean ranks. But now...now all was quiet. Zelda peered towards the large throne room doorway anxiously, a feeling of despair settling into the pit if her stomach. The calm before the storm truly was the worst. The dread sat heavy in the air, it could almost be physically felt.

As she waited for the inevitable final assault, Zelda had nothing to draw her mind away from her desperate need to use the toilet, it was becoming painful now, as it had been hours since she was last able to relieve herself. Zelda wanted to sit down upon the throne, to relieve some pressure, but the nearness of the upcoming battle made her too anxious to do so. Instead, Zelda merely crossed her legs while standing, pressing her thighs together. She hoped her predicament wasn't noticable since everything was being covered by her white dress anyway, and her Soldiers were all transfixed on the doorway.

At this point, Zelda did not know what to hope for, she was so desperate for relief, but there was no chance of that in their current circumstances, something had to change, and the only way for that to change would be the inevitable storming of the throne room. The chances that the few remaining Soldiers would be victorious against the onslaught were slim to none, and Zelda knew it. So, as desperately as she needed to pee, she also desperately wished to stall against the attack upon the throne room.

"I-I can't hold this any longer." Zelda thought to herself as her knees began to buckle. "N-no! I can hold on! I am the Princess of Hyrule, and I will not have the disgrace of peeing myself added to my defeat! I cannot let myself be remembered as the Princess who cowered in fear and shame in her last moments..." 'Her last moments...' the words sounded so surreal, as she turned them over in her mind. It had not yet dawned on Zelda that these truly could be her last moments, she may very well be waiting for her death. The thought of this brought even more fear to her mind. Not cowardly or irrational fear, but true black fear, despair.... This made Zelda's knees buckle even more, and her urethra start to lose control for a brief moment. A very small amount of urine escaped, creating a tiny wet patch in Zelda's white, silky panties, she let out a quiet, but audible moan at this. Fighting with every fiber if her body, Zelda quickly regained her control and composure.

Suddenly, Zelda's ears were filled with a loud hiss as black fog poured into the room and started to engulf the Soldiers' palisades. The room again fell silent as the Soldiers braced themselves. Again, the silence was shattered as the fiendish Twilight beasts scuttled out of the shadows and towards the Soldiers. They were large creatures, yet their movements made little noise, and resembled those of a cockroach scurrying towards a pile of refuse. $$

The battle was over as soon as it started. The shadow beasts moved with an unnatural speed and overwhelmed the Soldiers. And that's when she finally saw him...Zant. He was the Twilight King, or something of that nature, Zelda didn't know what exactly he called himself, she knew almost nothing about her enemy. Yet, here he was, an enemy she did not know even existed a day ago was now in her throne room, marching towards her, with the bodies of her slain Soldiers scattered around them. Zelda gulped hard.

"It is time for you to choose, surrender or die..." Zant said. "Oh yes, a question for all the land and people of Hyrule.... Life or death?!"

Only two of Zelda's guards now remained, standing to her right and left. They both looked at her, hinging upon her answer. The fear and the hopelessness of the situation overtook Zelda at this moment and made her muscles completely release. She stood there quivering from the strain of trying not to lose control, but it was far too late. Hot pee was soaking through her panties and cascading down her legs, drenching her stockings and filling her boots. The sound was quite audible, and the puddle forming beneath her was visible to both her guards and to Zant. Zelda's face had gone white, she choked on her words and could not speak. All Zelda could do was merely drop her sword to the floor in defeat, the sword hit the floor with a clank and a splash as it landed in her pee puddle. Surrender was the only way that she and her subjects could survive. She had already disgraced herself in battle, there was no need to sacrifice more lives for the sake of pride.

Written by: High Meme-Overlord

*002*2022-07-24 21:29

{{On 6/5/2022 at 10:23 AM, pinecone said:

The best Zelda story

There should be part to of Zelda being imprisoned

}}

Thank you, glad you liked it! I haven't done any writing in a long time, but I like your idea for a part 2!

