The day before lockdown: Cassie

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-12-30 10:24

Cassie wiped down the leather chair yet again and waved the older gent over. She didn’t recognise him, but then again many of today’s customers were not regulars. She gently tied the black apron around his neck anyway.

‘What can I do for you today sir?’

‘Just a short and smart tidy up please. The Mrs sent me to get it down before you all close again.’

Cassie smiled, combed the loose brown hair in front of her and sprayed it with water. Feeling the water and watching it spray made her mind immediately turn to her body’s desire, but there wasn’t time for that now, not with a queue away round the corner and an enforced closure of 6pm looming. Trying not to think about it she cut and shaved and dried the hair on autopilot.

‘That’s 8 pounds please.’

Ringing the till up Cassie could feel her body twinging again. She was used to having to put things off; lunch breaks, longed for cups of coffee and rests for her weary legs, but today was something else. Despite barbering for 6 years she had never seen such a demand for haircuts in her whole career. There was pre-Christmas and then there was lockdown two deadline, pre-Christmas, and dreading-another-home-haircut-after-last-time rush combined. It was almost as if they were giving haircuts away for free! Coming back to reality she gave the older man his change, wiped the seat down once again and called over another customer.

‘Would you like me to make you a coffee before I go?’

Cassie could just about make out what Bella was saying over the sound of the electric razor in her hand.

‘Yes please. Oh and I think we’ll need to stop the queue. I can’t see us getting through half of this lot before 6.’

Glancing at her watch she sighed.

‘I reckon I’ll manage another 5 at most. With you finishing at 5:30 I reckon you might get 4 at most. Before I do this one I’ll go count and tell the rest that unfortunately we won’t manage to get to them tonight. This is crap turning away business though!’

‘I know!’

Cassie apologised to the young man who had just sat down and told him she’d be right back. Heading out the door she counted the first 8 customers in the queue and then looked up. The familiar eyes met hers and despite being cold, stressed and needing the loo Cassie smiled at the Asian man who happened to be the ninth in the queue.

‘It’s your lucky day Aran. You are the last person we will be able to fit in tonight.’

Turning to the long queue behind him Cassie apologised loudly saying that as they had to close by 6 due to lockdown they would unfortunately not be able to fit any more customers in. She heard Aran’s familiar voice saying something as she did but couldn’t make it out fully. As more and more men sighed and walked away she smiled up at Aran, one of her favourite regulars and spoke.

‘Sorry I never caught what you said. I better get in quick because I have someone waiting. Gosh it’s cold isn’t it?’

Hoping Aran, and anyone else who might see her, would assume her moving around a lot was due to the cold and not in reality due to not having had a break even to pee all day, she made her way back inside as she heard Aran repeat what she had missed.

‘I just said it’s always my lucky day when I get my hair cut by you.’

Cassie turned and smiled as she called back,

‘If anyone tries to join the queue will you say we are closed and you are the last one. Thanks!’

The cold air had certainly accelerated Cassie’s need and while she combed, cut, styled and gelled the younger man’s hair in front of her she had to move more than she normally would to keep things at bay. Ironically at the same time the coffee that Bella had just made looked and smelt amazing and Cassie sipped it lovingly as the customer brushed down his clothes and paid.

Cassie continued the routine of wiping down the chair, calling the next customer and cutting, spraying, shaving, styling, and even at times curling and drying, all the while drinking her delicious coffee and jigging around longing to finish for the day and visit the bathroom. Bella continued working too and by 5:30 she took her final payment, took her apron off and nodded to Cassie as she left. Cassie always did the last half hour alone as Bella had always said she had to finish at 5:30 to get to the childminder before she closed. She was a fabulous business partner and she did the first half hour of the morning alone so it worked well. Noticing that Aran was now finally inside waiting she called to Bella as she left.

‘Turn the sign to closed would you on your way out. Oh and just lock the door so no-one else comes in. I’ve just got these two and then I’m done.’

Bella did as asked and Cassie smiled over to Aran as she combed the mop of blond hair in front of her.

‘Right. What would you like done today?’

‘Can you do zig zags and that?’

Crossing her legs behind the client Cassie tapped her hands on the back of the seat impatiently. Her bladder felt heavy and full and between her legs tingled like crazy, but still she smiled politely.

‘If that’s what you would like, yes. You thinking of keeping the length a bit on top and shaving the sides in?’

‘Yes and zig zags here and here.’

‘No problem’

Cassie danced around the chair combing and spraying water, unable to hide how much her body needed to urinate even if she tried. Standing still wasn’t possible and the very idea of having to shave neat zig zags horrified her right now. Still, she thought, the sooner I complete this and get Aran done the sooner I can pee!

Forgetting Aran was even there Cassie bounced around the client as she cut around his ears, along the sides and the back. Cutting the back, the chair and client preventing her movements being seen by the client in the large mirrors, Cassie couldn’t help but have a quick press of her crotch. Her black leggings allowed good access but once her hand had held herself, even briefly, the desire to hold herself there more intensified. The throbbing and pressure was so strong and powerful that Cassie felt she might burst any moment.

Taking the small razor in hand she held her breath as the time to do the indents now arrived. Taking a step back at the side of the client, with her bottom facing Aran, she crossed her legs and leaned forward, one hand between her legs and the other holding the razor. As quickly as she could she cut one zig zag before bouncing around, fidgeting, and repeating the same on the other side. Doing a final once over trim then a spray she untied the apron and held it in front of herself as she stood back, her back right in front of Aran, as she used the cover to once again cross her legs and squirm.

‘That’ll be 12 pounds sir. Thanks.’

As she rung the till Cassie’s face flushed as she tried not to dance just for a few seconds. As she turned to let the customer out she was surprised to see Aran standing holding the door open.

‘I thought I would help.’

Cassie caught his eye, smiled, then bend a leg again as another urge hit.

‘The usual?’

‘How did you guess?’

Cassie pressed her thighs together as she sprayed the seat a final time before lockdown. She loved doing Arian’s hair usually. He suited the fade hairstyle greatly and he was always so flattering and grateful. Despite being quite a bit younger than she was he was one of her most loyal and regular customers and his thick dark hair was such a pleasure to work with. But tonight she desperately hoped he wouldn’t be fussy or chatty as she really needed to get finished up, and more importantly, she urgently needed to use the small toilet at the back office.

Spraying his hair with water Cassie fidgeted around.

‘You’ll have to excuse me tonight Aran. It’s been such a long day here. This lockdown nonsense has increased demand ten fold. I’m tired and I’ve not had a break all day!’

‘What not even for lunch?’

‘I grabbed a sandwich while working and I’ve managed...maybe three coffees I think. But it’s been so busy!’

‘I guessed that by the amount of folk you turned away. Crazy times eh!’

‘Definitely! I am meant to shut at 6. That’s me for God knows how long again...ohhh’

‘Ha! You’d better cut quick then! It’s four minutes to 6 would you believe!’

Very noticeable fidgeting and squirming, Cassie sighed.

‘Would you mind if I closed the blinds over just so I can’t be seen? Being right opposite the council headquarters I wouldn’t put it past someone to report me.’

Watching Cassie dance around and bend forward in the mirror as she closed the blinds Aran smiled and replied.

‘You do what you need to do. I don’t mind one bit!’

Cassie returned to the chair and began trimming Aran’s thick hair as she squirmed and sighed.

‘You ok there?’

‘Mmmm’

Overcome by yet another very strong urge Cassie bend forwards, crossed her legs and tried trimming around Aran’s ear, almost cutting it as she moved so much.

‘Oh. Sorry. I just need to be somewhere very very soon. That’s all.’

Trimming the back Cassie grabbed between her legs again, unaware Aran could see her reflection in the now drawn blinds. Moaning softly and marching on the spot her face flushed as she felt a dribble escape.

Turning to Aran’s other side she started trimming quickly around his other ear, her face close to the side of his. Hearing her moans even through her face mask Aran hoped the apron was hiding his body’s response.

‘Oh God! I can hardly bear this any longer!’

Instinctively Aran slid a hand from under his apron and gently touched Cassie’s knee.

‘If something’s the matter you know you can just say. It’s just the two of us here. I won’t tell anyone. Promise.’

Cassie squirmed, one hand rammed between her legs while both legs marched on the spot frantically. Red faced and frantic she looked Aran in the eyes.

‘I think I’m going to have an accident!’

Suddenly caught up in the moment Aran instinctively pulled Cassie closer sliding her legs over his knee as he guided her hand from her crotch and, mindful of the scissors in her other hand, gently guided her body until her crotch was pressing tightly on his thigh. Feeling her throbbing damp crotch through his joggers he wondered if she could feel his strong erection pushing towards her as it had been ever since he’d sat watching her earlier.

As if what was happening was perfectly natural Cassie tried her best to remain focussed on Aran’s hair. Pushing hard against his thigh, rubbing back and forth and side to side she ran her fingers through Aran’s hair as she pulled the scissors up and began trimming his fringe.

‘You really needed this cut Aran. I don’t think you could have waited.’

Aran couldn’t stop himself as he whispered seductively in Cassie’s ear.

‘And I think you really need to pee don’t you? I don’t think you can wait either can you?’

Rubbing faster and pressing harder whilst still attempting to trim more of the front of Aran’s hair Cassie became breathless when she suddenly froze.

Aran knew why as warm liquid sent shivers of sexual desire right through him as he felt his thigh moisten and run with urine. As liquid surged out of Cassie she immediately acted as if all was calm as she casually turned behind her, bending back so Aran could clearly hear and see her sodden crotch glisten as she continued oozing urine furiously. Picking up the razor Cassie carried on doing Aran’s hair while she peed all over his lap as Aran gently wrapped his arms around her.

Aran let her go as Cassie carefully shaved and styled Aran’s hair in her usual professional way, neither of them commenting on what had just happened, but Aran’s heart racing and his penis throbbing still. As she shaved the side where she had sat on his knee Cassie’s shoes splashed seductively in her own mess but she acted as if it wasn’t there, driving Aran crazy with desire.

Finally Cassie untied the apron from Aran’s neck, shook it down and spoke her first words since peeing all over him.

‘So...what do you think?’

‘I think...I have the best fucking barber in the world! Thank you!’

‘My pleasure.’

‘So what do I owe you this time?’

Looking at Aran’s drenched trouser leg and the twinkle in his eye, not to mention his very obvious erection and flushed face, Cassie winked.

‘I don’t think I can take payment now it’s after 6 do you?’

‘Oh probably not. I guess I’ll have to owe you then.’

Quietly Cassie giggled.

‘I’m sure we can think of something between us don’t you?’

