Holders of Iron House

Author: Markj9494

*023*2020-11-18 14:51

Chapter 7: Fit to burst.

A loud ring filled the office, the telephone only connecting to one other just like it. The woman’s hand waivered over it for a moment, she knew who this was.

“Hello sir” She answered.

“Hello, I assume you know why I am phoning.”

“Is it about my tests sir”

“Yes... I might have given you free reign over that school to run as you see fit, but you can not just cancel classes to fulfil your own experiments.”

“I understand sir, but if I may, you asked me to bring this establishment back to its former glory.”

“I did and I understand why you are performing these tests. But it is my and the boards wish that you do not compromise on the academic side. We are an educational establishment after all.”

“Yes sir I understand.”

“Good, so classes will resume?”

“Yes sir, I will arrange for them to start again.”

“Good” He finished before quickly hanging up.

Placing her phone back on the receiver she slammed her fist into the table in frustration. A knock on the door making her look up as her assistant walked into the room.

“What is it!”

“Mam, we have her.”

“The last one? I thought there were 3 left?”

“That was true yesterday morning, since then two more have finished the trial. Both record lengths and volumes for them and any other students.”

“Good, what about the Iron house holder who lost it early. With the new data where does she finish.”

“Despite losing it early, she was in the top 5 for volume” The woman said sliding across a portfolio to the desk.

“Interesting” picking up the portfolio the woman in the high back chair began browsing it. “Do you think she could hold more if given more time to acclimatise to her hold?”

“I do mam, in fact I think the signs are she could be one of the top 3 students.”

“Interesting” she said again.

“Do you want me to keep monitoring them throughout the year?”

“Yes, I think we should keep a close eye on them. They are some of the best I have ever seen.”

“What about the remaining participant?”

“I’ll handle her personally.”

Standing in the kitchen the following morning Eloise found herself alone despite not getting up particularly early. The silent house barely creaking as if the structure itself was aware of the fragile heads its occupants must have. After returning with more beer the drinking had seemingly intensified, with a few drunken comments being made about Kays accident. Most of it had been cleared up by the two of them by the time they had walked through the door. But the mop and bucket, kays flat stomach and her completely drenched clothes cluing in the others instantly. Her wet clothes joining Allies and summers in a pile next to the washing machine.

The previous load Julia had put in with her own pee stained clothes still going around, the chain of accidents her household had suffered backing up the machine loads. The best holders in the university succumbing to the most basic of needs slowly but surely. Now there was just one, Vanessa was the final one of them maintaining dominion on her bladder. But judging by her frantic display last night Eloise wasn’t sure how much longer even the iron bladdered athlete could manage.

But to her surprise it was Vanessa that woke first, and even more surprising was what she was wearing. Walking into the kitchen it was Vanessas bloated bladder that came into vision first, the hulking mass passing through the doorframe before any other part of her housemate. Its quivering form now ruthlessly confined within an extremely tight pair of leggings, the elasticated material going white in some areas as the pink pigment was being pulled apart. A similar tank top barely fit over the top of her bladder, somehow pushing up her breasts even further as the already supportive material was pushed further up by her expanded abdomen.

“Morn…Morning” Vanessa groaned, outstretching her hand to the tap and steadying herself for a moment before filling up her water bottle.

“Mu, Morning” Eloise stuttered, watching Vanessas legs jiggle beneath her as the rush of the water came from the tap. Her face flustered and already sweating profusely, her skin shinny and pale.

“Are you going for a run?” Eloise asked incredulously.

“Yep” Vanessa added, grimacing as she wrenched the tap closed. Hoping that she could just do the same with her own bladder.

Eloise could feel her throat going dry, how could she possibly survive her run. She looked and sounded about ready to explode, although she had sounded that for over two days. Perhaps her bladder was limitless?

“You got plans?”

“Oh, I still need to take some photos for the society.” Eloise replied. She had been meaning to head out early this morning to get some silhouettes in the morning sunrise. But lasts night party and the now empty bottle of brandy had seen that idea off.

“You should go up on Lindon’s Hill, just behind the shopping area. Get some good views up there.” Vanessa suggested.

“Sure, thanks!” Eloise said. “You heading out now?”

“Yes.”

“Cool, well I guess I will join you. At least for the first 100 meters.” Eloise said grabbing her bag that she had under the table.

“I…ok” Vanessa said slightly nervously.

Leaving the house they quicky said their goodbyes as Vanessa put in her earphones and began to slowly and laboured jog up the road. Each footfall causing her to groan loudly and make Eloise wonder why she was torturing herself like this. The enormity of the task at hand, each footfall shaking her bladder visibly. She could barely think of what horrible pains and pulses were racing around Vanessa now.

Unable to look away she watched the pregnant looking woman awkwardly jog up the hill, huffing and puffing as she went. The ordinarily athletic and sprightly woman taking her time and moving at a similar pace to Eloise who watched on with interest. Almost walking into the road to maximise her time viewing her desperate friend.

Walking to the hill Vanessa had suggested she tried to shake the thoughts and visions of Vanessa losing control in her running gear from her mind. But it seemed that no matter how hard she tried, the last few days had completely destroyed her ability to concentrate on anything else. Even as she snapped shot after shot around the campus, she found herself trying to find a way of intercepting Vanessa to spend more time together. Her friends run usually taking about an hour and going past the coffee shop on her way home. Would she stop for one even in her current condition, if she did she wanted to be there.

Reaching the courtyard, she began to photograph the goings on of university life while keeping an eye open for her friend. After an hour and 20 minutes she was starting to give up hope, the desperate woman clearly too smart and full to add a coffee to the litres of consumed liquid. But then, just as she was giving up home a slow-moving Vanessa rounded the corner of one of the buildings. Her hand resting on her giant bladder as she walked towards her.

Giving a friendly wave she got a half-hearted one from Vanessa who really seemed to be suffering now. The run clearly not a good idea, although she had thought that before the heavily ladened woman took off.

“Hey, I’m just about done. Want a coffee?” Eloise offered.

“ooh, I…” Vanessa panted, her bladder heaving where she stood.

“I’m buying don’t worry. I owe you after that tip about the hill, it really is lovely up there.”

“I…sure” the darkhaired woman smiled, her lips quivering slightly as she accepted the offer of a coffee despite knowing all too well it was a bad idea.

Trying to contain her own excitement Eloise opened the door following Vanessa in. Walking in she was for some reason expecting to see Summer behind the counter, despite the fact she knew that she wasn’t working today.

“What do you fancy?”

“I’ll just have an Americano”

“Sure thing.” Eloise said cheerily as she walked up to order. “Hi can I have two Americano’s please”. She wasn’t a coffee drinker but she could feel the tiredness for last night still taking its toll so maybe this would help.

“Sure thing, are they to go?” The yong woman behind the counter asked.

“Yes please.”

“What size do you want, we have an offer on at the moment where a Venti is the same price as the tall.”

Eloise knew she should say no, she knew it was the right thing to do. But at the same time there it was, the voice in the back of her head telling her to do it. After all Vanessa could choose not to drink it all if she wanted, all she was doing was buying her friend a gift. How much of that gift she used was up to her.

“Sure thing, can I get an extra shot in each in that case.” Eloise said, the voice winning out.

Walking back over a few moments later she could already see the trepidation on Vanessas face as she saw the size of her coffee.

“We were lucky, they had a promotion on.” Eloise said handing her the coffee.

“Um…thanks” Vanessa smiled weakly as she sipped her coffee to show her appreciation.

The walk back to the house was pretty slow, now with one hand holding her coffee Vanessa was forced to move more slowly, her laboured steps more awkward and conscious decisions. The movement that comes unconsciously to everyone past the ages of about 2 now like solving a riddle for her. Each step separating her legs and momentarily opening her defences, her muscles straining for control as she ordered them to perform the same movement over and over again as they walked slowly along.

Approaching their house they could see two figures slowly walking towards them. It seemed like Zara and Summer had finally woken up.

“Hey guys, we are heading out for some lunch. You two should totally join us!” Summer said enthusiastically, apparently fine despite the nights drinking. She had polished off far more bottles than Zara but it was the slim gymnast that looked to be the worse off for it. Her slightly bedraggled hair and dark rings under her eyes typical of a hangover.

“Yeah sure that would be nice. Im sure you have worked up an appetite after your run.” Eloise said, taking charge of the situation and trying to give her a reason to spend more time with her again.

“I….” Vanessa started.

“Where are you going?” Eloise asked

“Just to the dog and bone for some greasy food to fight this hangover.” Zara said groggily.

“Sure sounds good.” Eloise answered and soon the group were moving off together, vanessa just a pace behind them as she did her best to follow at the same pace.

“No outside drinks sorry.” The man behind the counter said as they walked in. Elloise and Vanessa still holding their coffee cups.

“Sorry” Eloise said, finishing off hers and holding out a hand for Vanessas. Expecting her to hand it over so they could put them in the bin. But it seemed Vanessa still had some reserves of confidence as she drained the last few mouthfuls and then handed Eloise an empty cup.

Chucking them in the nearby bin the found themselves a large table, Vanessa groaning loudly as she sat. A number of the other patrons looking at her as she did so, her restrictive running clothes now cutting even deeper into her flesh and applying more pressure as she bent over in her seat. The absolutely massive bulge pressing into the table from the unmoving benches present in the booth they had chosen. Her bladder now so large the ordinarily thin woman barely fit into the pubs seating.

“I’ll order if everyone knows what they want?”

“Cooked breakfast, large.” Zara said, gently resting the cold glass vinegar bottle against her temple.

“Same” Eloise added, she wasn’t too hungry but she had always loved it when her dad had made them back home.

“Sounds good” Vanessa said breathlessly, her nostrils flaring as she breathed heavily even when sat down.

“That makes it easier, any drinks?” Summer asked, standing up and taking a note of the table number. Eloise shook her head, the tea it came with more than enough for her, while the others opted for a large orange juice each.

Remarkably quickly the table was covered in the three meat and one vegan breakfasts. The large plates surrounded by four large pots of tea and 3 orange juices. Vanessas face a picture of concern as the tea was unloaded, apparently, she had forgotten about them when she had placed the order for another drink and was regretting it.

Due to the night of drinking it seemed Summer and Zara really had just come out to eat. Neither of them wasting a second before digging into their mountains of food. Conversation put on hold as everyone ate at surprising speed. Except for Vanessa who had started out using both hands but had to quickly abandon that plan. Instead her left hand was pressing deeply into her crotch while she used her fork in her right. Turning it on its side to cut through her food instead of using the knife and releasing her grip on her crotch. Soft moans constantly escaping her mouth as she sat there, writhing with desperation. The pot of hot tea and pint of orange juice looking like they were going down as nails. The liquid flowing into her already at capacity body with a grimace and flinch with each mouthful.

Soon the plates were empty once again, the remnants of beans and tomato sauce mopped up with the slices of toast as they all sat back satisfied. It seemed that even for a moment Vanessa had forgotten her need slightly, leaning back but yelping as she accidently pushed her bladder upwards and into one of the sharp edges of the table struts. Both hands instantly flying between her legs as new external pain joined in with the bolts of it shooting through her insides.

Knowing looks passed between the others as they all knew what she was feeling, many of them having gone through the same thing this week. Although none had lasted this long or looked anywhere as full, only Lucy had such a round bulge as Vanessa was sporting right now.

“I think I need a lie down” Vanessa stuttered, the joke coming out as more of a plea for help. But the others could agree with her, the food sitting heavily in their stomachs and making even summer feel lethargic. But draining the last from their teapots the group made a move, Eloise quickly learning that she didn’t need to tip here unlike some of the other countries she had lived in.

“Ughh, I think I will join you in that lie down.” Zara said, stretching as she kicked off her shoes arriving back at home.

“What are you on about, we should probably leave soon.” Kay said, her head poking out of her room.

“For what?” Eloise asked.

“Don’t tell me you all forgot, it’s the back to the future marathon at the cinema.” Kay said, her arms folding across her chest.

“Im sorry, im not sure im feeling up to it” Vanessa said, her lips pursing and swallowing hard.

“No, no one is backing out, ive already got you all tickets since you all agreed!” She said, seemingly standing taller to be more authoritative.

“But I…” Vanessa

“Ah, ah, ah. Get your shoes, the rest of us are ready.”

Feeling her bladder already filling after the mornings drinks Eloise knew she should use her toilet now. But with the rest of them standing outside her room in the coridoor she felt uncomfortably awkward in doing so. But even as she tried to put it to the back of her mind she couldn’t manage it.

“I’ll be right back, need to put my stuff away.” She said, her cheeks blushing a little.

Walking into her room she closed the door behind her, still worried they would be able to hear it. Looking around she grabbed the duvet off her bed and put it near the gap under the door, her paranoid mind taking over and hoping it would block some of the sound for some reason. Closing the second bathroom door behind her she was about to sit when she realised they might hear the stream hitting the water. Shivering slightly as her bare skin made contact with the cold toilet she positioned herself at and angle and did her best to release her stream in a controlled, slow and quiet manner. Her muscles burning slightly as she forced them to remain partially closed. But after a few seconds the seemed to get the idea and a surprisingly long stream left her for almost a minute, making her doubly glad she had decided to go now.

“Alright guys, im ready to go” Eloise said happily, feeling much more relaxed and happy to see none of them seemed to have noticed anything.

The line for the small theatre was massive, the weekends showings completely sold out to the students who had nothing better to do since classes were cancelled. Standing in line Eloise couldn’t keep her eyes of Vanessa as she visibly pulsed where she stood. Her upper torso dancing to unheard music as she crossed, uncrossed and crossed her legs again and again. 30 minutes later they had made it into the building, the group making small talk while they waited. But all eyes including Eloise’s and several of the bystanders were watching the obviously desperate woman in their group.

“You get the tickets ill get the snacks”, Eloise offered, conscious of the time they had to get into the theatre before the film started.

“Ill join you and help carry them.” Kay said with Allie following as well.

“Everyone ok with coke?” Eloise asked as she turned towards the confectionary counters and getting nods of approval, she headed in.

“How can I help?” The teenage girl behind the counter asked, looking already exhausted after the mid-day rush.

“Yeah sure can I get 8…” Eloise said before realising that she hadn’t actually thought of what to get. Looking up she quickly browsed the stall, her eyes lighting up when she spotted the back to the future deal.

“8 Back to the future combo’s” she finished, the woman totalling it up the bill and handing over the novelty Doc Brown collectable glasses. Next came the 8 large popcorn’s and then finally the 8 giant cups, each holding well over a liquid at 32 oz.

“Don’t you think those are a little big?” Allie pointed out.

“I mean its three films that’s like 6 hours right?” Eloise explained as she grabbed a couple of each of the combos, her arms full.

“Good point, probably save us in the long run!” Allie and Kay agreed enthusiastically, grabbing the rest and carrying them back to the group.

“These should see us through” Allie said half jokingly as she lumped the supplies into each of the others hands.

“And here is yours” kay said as she pressed the extra-large drink into Vanessa’s hands, the colour seeming to fall out of her face as she accepted it. Her brain wavering and telling her to say something, but her mouth opened with no words escaping it. Her other hand that was between her legs forced to leave the warm recesses of her quivering crotch and grab the popcorn.

Handing over their tickets the group sided into their row of seats, Vanessa grunting with each sideways step that caused her legs to separate more than they had in days. Taking her seat she let out a longer moan, her giant bladder troubling her greatly as it overflowed her body and now spilled onto her lap. The slightly angled seats amplifying her stature as they forced her to lean forwards slightly.

Settling into their seats they had arrived just in time, the lights dimming and the first advert starting. It had been a while since Eloise had seen a movie in a theatre and she found herself far more excited than she had thought she would. Unable to stop smiling as the Universal pictures’ logo appeared, sipping from her drink she sat back and was ready to enjoy the film.

97 minutes later the lights came back up, the first film just as good as they had all remembered. There had been some films that watching them back hadn’t lived up to her childhood memories but this was not one of them. Grabbing the large drink she sipped from the straw, realising that as she only got air she had somehow finished it all. Although given the fact the large cups didn’t fit in the holders and she had been forced to hold it the entire film it was no surprise. But what was a surprise was that it appeared Vanessa and all of the others had too. The lights showing through the thin carboard and revealing a tiny amount left in each of the cups. The volume of liquid already filling her bladder quickly, she could only imagine the impact it must have been having on the still holding Vanessa given she was clearly already at her limit.

“Oh man, I love that film!” Kay said excitedly, her love of movies really coming through as she seemed to be in her element. “But I think I might need a refill” she added, shaking her cup.

“How have you eaten all the popcorn?” Summer joked, the sticky container resting on the ground now there was nothing in it to risk being kicked over.

“What, I was hungry” Kay defended herself. “But it has made me really thirsty.” She said standing.

Eloise knew this was her moment, the angel and devil in her minds battling over it once again as she contemplated getting Vanessa another of the large drinks. She was enthralled, fascinated by the sheer force of will and holding capabilities of her housemate. How could one personal hold so much, would she be able to hold anything close to her by the end of her time at university, how much more could Vanessa take? A million questions raced around her mind once again, but this time she could feel the devil winning as she strived to find an answer. Just as it had forced her hand and not told Lucy about her drink being dosed, the familiar feeling came over her, almost giddy with excitement.

“They are free refills for the whole day. Why don’t we go and get everyone a refill before the next film starts in 10 minutes.” Eloise said, standing slightly to quickly.

Grabbing the now empty cups from her friends she could see the reluctance in the eyes of Vanessa, she could clearly handle no more. She was full, completely and absolutely full, and yet with a shaky hand she held up her cup to be refilled. Unable to refuse the drink for her pride, confidence or some other reason.

But as Eloise replaced it a few minutes later with another full cup both knew this could be the end for her. The quiet moans and pulsing of her body now constant and torturous for the sweating woman. The only saving grace in the warm theatre the fact she was still wearing her tight spandex but moisture wicking clothes. They had gotten more than a few looks from people in the lobby, many in their back to the future costumes. But it was unsurprising given how she was acting, thankfully her moans and whimpers didn’t seem to be distracting those around them.

However, it was not Vanessa’s bladder troubles that were starting to worry Eloise as the second film started. It was her own, even in the short time since the movie had ended her need seemed to be going up at a breakneck pace. The large caffeinated drink flowing through her stomach and filling her bladder at a worrying pace. By the halfway point she couldn’t help but jostle her tightly crossed legs as the pressure within her bladder increased in leaps and bounds, the second large drink half finished and now sitting on the floor as to not tempt her.

Glad for the dark surrounding she pressed a hand between her legs, glad for the extra support but she was really starting to worry now. Digging her nails into the arm rest she felt her bladder cramp inside her, a combination of the fizzy drinks and sheer quantity increasing the discomfort she was feeling. While in other days she had been pushing herself, the desire to increase her capabilities of holding strong. As she eyed the half empty cup resting next to her fidgeting feet she already knew that she had drunk too much to be able to hold this amount. She had to pee, and she had to pee soon.

Sitting their restlessly she tried to hold out for the end of the film, but 5 minutes was all it took for her desperation to go from an uncomfortable 8 to a desperate 9. The Coke surging into her bladder that now ached terribly. She couldn’t hold it, she had to get to a bathroom now!

Standing gingerly she felt the weight of her bladder shift uncomfortably inside her, a spasm of her muscles causing her thighs to slam together as she felt her muscles tremble. Excusing herself she shuffled out, ignoring the weird looks from her friends. Slowly walking out into the lobby she could feel the seconds of control she had left slipping, making her increase her pace as the true urgency of the situation made itself known.

Power walking she thrust a hand between her legs as she walked through campus towards her one salvation, the house. Red faced she couldn’t help but blush as she gripped herself through her trousers. Pausing for a moment she doubled over, waiting for the crossing to turn green and allow her to pass. Marching on the spot she contemplated just making a run for it, but thankfully she noticed it start to turn and the cars stopping. Their occupants watching her desperate dash across the road with renewed speed, almost running at this point as she felt her whole body shaking with need. Each step sending shockwaves through her bloated bladder, filled so tightly with coke. The method of her fascination with pushing Vanessa to her limits coming back to bite her, why did she have to drink so much as well! In a way she couldn’t help but feel she in some way deserved this, but she wasn’t about to give in now.

Rounding the corner next to the house she felt her muscles give up for just a moment, stopping where she stood, she clenched all her muscles rhythmically. A deep burning sensation between her legs making her unsure if she had leaked or it was just her muscles. Either way she couldn’t just stand here, so once again she began but this time she did run.

Half sprinting she could feel each layer of her defences peeling back like a high security vault, but she knew she was done for either way. Grabbing the door handle it clicked loudly as she barged it open, sliding on the mat she felt a distinct wetness between her legs for a just a moment.

Throwing herself through her room she all but launched herself into the bathroom, her trousers around her ankles before she had even crossed the threshold of the small room. Pivoting in a half crouch she could already feel her body starting to release, but with not a moment to spare she landed safely on the toilet. A sudden burst of piss erupting out of her, the relief causing her toes to curl in her shoes as she moaned loudly. Her pent-up pee shooting noisily into the bowl as she breathed heavily, it had been close…to close.

Looking down she could see a distinct wet patch on the crotch of her pink panties, she had made it but only by a matter of seconds. Luckily as she inspected her jeans it seemed they had remained dry, just about.

Finishing her pee Eloise couldn’t help but sit there, relaxed and enjoying the sensation of being empty. But at the same time, her mind went back to Vanessa and imagining what she must be going through. Taking off her shoes she quickly undressed, changing her damp underwear that she ashamedly balled up and threw in the bottom of her laundry hamper. Grabbing a new pair she vouched not to let it get to that state again and began to make her way back up to the cinema, hoping to be back in time for the third film.

Sliding back into their row of seats she had arrived at the interval, the lights were back up and she could see the room. While it made getting to her seat easier it did mean it was all but impossible to sneak back to her seat.

“Everything alright?” Summer asked, as she stood to let her past.

“Yeah sorry, forgot my mum was going to call me.” Eloise lied, hoping her blushing cheeks were not a dead give away. But it seemed that she had accepted the explanation as she continued moving down the line.

Sighing as she sat back in her chair she certainly felt much more relaxed, the dance with her accident tiring her out a surprising amount. But hearing a loud groan from her left a shot of adrenaline seemed to surge through her body as she looked over towards Vanessa expectantly.

“You ok?” Allie asked, the last deep groan sounding far more desperate than the last.

“I…think I might head back guys.” Vanessa said, her eyes fluttering a little.

“Come on its just one more film.” Kay said indignantly.

“Im just a little hungry” Vanessa said, smiling awkwardly.

“Why don’t we go out as a house for dinner afterwards? That pub we went too had some nice looking options.” Zara suggested.

Vanessa looked at the others for a moment, the torment of more holding clearly playing on her mind. She was stuck between a rock and a wet place at this point, pursing her lips she nodded reluctantly.

“But I am going to get a refill of popcorn, I’ll go get us all some more drinks too.” Allie said, standing and waving Kay to come with her to help.

“Pass your cups down.” Kay said, holding out her hand.

“Its ok, I still have some of mine since I left” Eloise said, happy to be out of another round of the giant drinks.

“Ok, Vanessa?” Kay said looking at the woman next to her.

“I….” Vanessa said breathlessly as she tried to come up with an excuse.

“Oh never mind, its right here.” Kay said, picking up the empty cup from next to Vanessas pretzeled legs. “Be right back.”

Throughout the next film Eloise could hear something over the loud base filled audio coming from the speakers. An insistent heavy breathing from her left intermingled with increasingly frequent groans was a little distracting to say the least. Unable to focus on the film she was constantly stealing glances at her housemate as the battle within Vanessa seemed to intensify. The once again empty drink laying on its side but allowing one of her hands to grip between her legs as the other held onto the seat ahead of her. Unlike everyone else that was relaxed and leaning back it seemed she had chosen to lean forwards, her hand bracing herself against the row Infront as she pulsed, rocked and bobbed in her seat. But despite her outward appearance she held on, making it through the third film.

“Man I love those films.” Kay said, stretching her arms wide before standing.

“Guys…I…Don’t think I can do this.” Vanessa said, her voice surprisingly calm but her eyes full of panic.

“What do you mean?” Allie asked.

“I cant, hold it” Vanessa whimpered, her voice cracking this time.

“Yes you can!” Zara said supportively.

“You are the last one left, probably in the whole university!” Kay replied.

“But…” Vanessa breathed heavily, wincing as pain raced through her body.

“You are the strongest person I know. You can do this!”

“I….” Vanessa said again, her body convulsing slightly.

“Holy shit guys!” Lucy said from behind them, her eyes glued to her phone that she had just turned back on.

“Classes are back on tomorrow!” She said, looking up at them all.

“Wait, that means you can totally do it Vanessa.” Summer said

“Its just a little longer. Come on, you can beat this.” Kay added.

“Tomorrow…Tomorrow…Just a bit longer” Vanessa panted, her wavering hand outstretching and legs helping her stand. A loud grunt reverberating from her chest as she forced her muscles to obey her. A new fire in her eyes as she could finally see the finish line!

That night Eloise was once again unable to sleep, tossing and turning as Vanessas grunts and pacing footsteps above her made their way through the silent house and into her mind. The desperate woman clearly unable to sleep as she battled with her body.

Eloise had been worried about missing out on her final hours, but it seemed that only U-Block had been deemed safe. This had lead to a number of room shortages and timetabling conflicts, so much to her surprise and happiness she, Vanessa, Summer and Julia would all share their first class together in the morning. Giving her the perfect reason to go up to the University with them all. Turning over again she heard her alarm go off, was it morning already! She hadn’t slept a wink, but felt more awake and alert than she had in days.

“How are you doing?” Eloise asked as she walked into the kitchen, spotting the even more desperate looking woman writhing in the kitchen. Her easily pregnant looking stomach full of so much liquid it bulged preposterously. The unreal looking bulge formed of days of liquid and held back by the shredded remains of her self control.

“I…I….I…cant do this” Vanessa stammers, her body quaking in desperation.

“Come on, you can do it. Its just a little longer, you have held out so long. You have beaten everyone else you can survive this!”

“I…I’ve never had to go this bad in my life. I don’t even know what is happening any more. I…I just cant anymore!” she all but yelled in the room.

“We can go in early, you just need to hold it like 30 more minutes. Just think about it, the only one to survive the outage!” But looking at her she could see why she was so demanding that she could hold it not one moment more. Her giant bulging body was quivering with every second as her inflated bladder continued stretching her to its absolute limits and clearly driving her mad with desperation.

“Mmmmmm” Vanessa moaned, her hands all but rubbing against her private areas as she continued to groan, the gaps between the pulses spasms and shockwaves it was sending and had been sending for days at this point now measured in seconds not minutes.

“You guys ready for the first day of a new year?” Julia asked cheerfully as she entered the room. Pouring out a dozen energy drink cans from her bag after a late night study session last night. Refilling her water bottle Eloise couldn’t help but notice that even she had a slight bulge in her abdomen. Not a shock given the quantity of cans she had been drinking and thinking about it most of them had gone several days since their accidents. Maybe it wouldn’t be just Vanessa making a made dash for the ladies room after all.

As if on cue they were joined by Summer, dressed in a tight white summer dress and knee-high socks she looked more ready for a day in the sun than a lecture. But she too had a noticeable bulge, her legs gently resting against each other as she stood near the doorway. But none of them compared to Vanessa.

“Ok im ready!” She said, still looking a little tired.

“I can do this.” Vanessa grunted “But we have to go now, im ab..about…to piss myself.” She stuttered as she visibly winced while standing. Air hissing out between her clenched teeth as she heaved herself into the air, a hand pressing into her back.

Grabbing their things the group hastily made their way up to the university, Vanessa managing an impressive turn of speed given her condition. A speed that only seemed to increase the closer they got, grabbing the handles to the uni rooms she was relieved to see them open. The keypad light turning green as she wrenched the doors open, with no other thought than finding the toilets.

“Ah, you three, four. Just the people I was looking for.”

“Mrs Johnson!” Julia said surprised as they came face to face with their school master.

“Would you mind coming with me.” The smartly dressed woman said, the sentence more of a command that a question. Looking around Eloise could see Vanessa die a little inside as her relief was delayed yet again.

Walking into the office it had been transformed from the shady dim room it was before into a bright and almost welcoming old space.

“Please, take a seat.” Mrs Johnson said, the group filing in and grabbing one of the wooden chairs situated in front of the desk.

“I have something I meant to ask you all, but thought it would be better to do it in person. But first, where are my manners.” She said, walking over and grabbing a steaming tea pot from the small table to their left. Placing it on the desk she began to pour four small cups of the liquid and handing them out.

“So it is tradition for us to hold an annual industry meet and greet with last years graduates each year. It gives the top students that have left us a chance to talk and mingle with some of the best and most influential people in our sector. But this year we have decided to include you three, sorry four as added guests. You have all proven yourselves extremely capable and would like you to represent our current students at the event if you wouldn’t mind.”

“That would be amazing!” Julia said excitedly before checking herself. “Sorry, I mean it would be a privilege” she replied while taking a sip from her tea.

Eloise couldn’t help but feel a little like a fourth wheel here by circumstance rather than merit, but it would certainly be a good learning experience. Sipping her tea she had to bite her tongue slightly to stop herself reacting. The black tea far more bitter than she was use to, yet it was a familiar bitterness that she couldn’t quite place.

“But what about classes?” Summer asked, herself seemingly enjoying the strong herbal blend of whatever was in the tea pot and drinking It happily.

“Oh no worries there, its not scheduled until this afternoon. I will have a car ready to take you to the event once your lessons are over.” She said smiling, refilling Summers cup which she had emptied.

“What do we need to do?” Julia asked.

“Oh nothing really. Simply go there speak to people and see if anything piques your interest. Its as much for you as it is the university, its good for us to get our students out there and have a presence in the biggest companies. Several of our best graduates have been hired soon after these events so it’s a good opportunity to make a good impression for yourself and the university. There is a panel with our alumni that I would like you to take part in though, simply a Q and A sort of thing, assuming you want too?”

“Yes!” Julia jumped at the chance. The others simply nodding.

“Sure thing, now Eloise I know you are just a first year. But I thought it would be good to send along a new student to see what you thought about it. But it could be a good experience for you too, see what areas of the industry you might want to go into for example.”

“Yes mam” Eloise nodded.

“Good, now I did just want to go through a couple of things so that we are all one the same page.”

20 long minutes later they had all been briefed by her about the school and what to say at certain topics. The friendly good for you atmosphere replaced by a serious and important one of them having a job to do. It seemed there was a lot riding on this event, for Mrs Johnson and the university in general.

“Right then, I better let you get to class. I will make sure that the car is ready to pick you up once your classes have finished. Please make sure to be ready, punctuality is always important at these events and I don’t want them to have to wait for our students.” She finished, standing and indicating for them to do the same.

Groaning as she stood Mrs Johnson looked at Vanessa wearily. “Everything ok Vanessa?”

“Yes mam” She said breathlessly, a forced smile appearing on her flushed face.

“Good, now enjoy your first class.”

Walking down the corridor they hurried along, their class starting in just one minute. A longing and desperate look towards the ladies’ room from Vanessa showing she was more than contemplating dashing in, but panting slightly she forced her legs to carry on past it and into the lecture room. Maybe they would have a break, or she could find some other way of excusing herself.

The large room itself was filled with a couple of hundred students, many grouped together already. Finding unoccupied chairs, the housemates grabbed a number of desks near the back of the room. The young-looking lecturer at the front currently shuffling some papers on the front desk before clearing her throat and starting the session. They had arrived without a moment to spare, not that Vanessa seemed to be happy about her own punctuality.

“ladies, welcome back to my classes or hello for the first time.” The Lecturer smiled, her teeth perfect and shinning as she warmly welcomed them.

“Now, I thought it would be fun to start the year with a little practical. It will also have some down time so you can get to know some of the newer students” she said, her hand indicating to the number of first years.

“Thank god.” Vanessa muttered quietly beside Eloise. Her crossed legs going back to jigging furiously beneath the desks, something she had been fighting herself from doing in the dean’s office.

“So, some theory before the fun. In 2011 a scientist from the Netherlands linked the fullness of one’s bladder to the ability to make better rational decisions. A thought that is largely at odds with how many of us feel when we have a strong urge, you would expect the irritability to cause bad choices. But in their studies, they found that people already suppressing an impulse, the impulse to pee, were fundamentally better at making other choices where impulse was important. The outcome of their research suggesting that the areas of the brain needed to resolve one could be linked to the other.

“Oh god…” Vanessa said softly, her brain already seeing where this “practical” was going.

“So, today we are going to do something similar. We are going to test the impacts of a full bladder on academic test scores. These general science tests will also serve as a starting grade for your year with me so its not just a case of not trying. I expect you all to do your best, but due to the nature of these examinations you will not be able to leave the room until both sets are complete.”

“Oh God!” Vanessa whimpered again, her voice far shaky as she was once again delayed but this time in the worst possible way. Her hold increasing in length substantially at this point, the mere seconds away she had been twice already taunting her mind. Biting her lip her legs went into overdrive, the vibrations shaking the desk Eloise was sharing with her.

“Now, because we have several years all in one class room we are going to have to modify the tests according to each of your bladder holding capabilities. It would be unfair to give the first years enough to make a dent in a third year, and not really worth it to do the opposite. As such, First years will be given 2 litres, second years 3.5L and 5L for third years. You will have two hours to drink the isotopically balanced drink during the first test. This will be followed by a 30-minute break for first years, an hour for second years and two hours for you third years. Then you will carry out the second two-hour test. You will be free to go once you complete the second test, but until then you must remain in the room.

Even Eloise’s eyes went wide as she explained everything, they sure were not easing people into it. She would have to down 2 litres and hold it for Four and a half hours! Could she do that, but more importantly could Vanessa hold 5 more litres. The sweating and panting third year about to be truly pushed far, far beyond her limits.

Less than four hours later Eloise hobbled out of the room, her legs and muscles quivering as she fought for control. It had been humiliating to be the first of them to leave, she couldn’t even remember the last few questions from the test that she had blitzed through. Despite trying to measure their ability to do tasks while desperate, she just couldn’t hold on any longer and as bad as it had been to walk out like this, it was better than the alternative. Her underwear was already damp for the second time in as many days, standing up and the walking to the front too much for her muscles. She hadn’t considered herself to be a leaker, but if recent events were anything to go on she might have to start worrying about it.

Urging herself forwards she found her way into the ladies room, silently glad to be the first out so there wasn’t a que. Opening the stall she breathed a sigh of relief as she let the ocean inside her empty out into the toilet below her. What was she going to do at the end of term if this was as much as she could hold. Would she be forced to take the remedial classes that Allie had talked about?

Finding a seat in the hall she got out her phone, trying to find something to pass the time until her friends were out. The group of super holders surely able to keep control of themselves of their test scores. But worrying for Eloise as she watched the last of the first years desperately scurry for the bathroom after finishing their tests properly, she could already feel her own bladder filling considerably again. Something that happened a further two times over the next two and a half hours, what had she done to herself. Was it something to do with her holding too much, maybe it was something to do with the Isotonic drink they had just forced her to drink. Either way as she peed for the third time that morning, she couldn’t help but feel a little worried for her future at this university if this was what the first day was like. Taking her seat back in the hall Eloise sank into the uncomfortably hard chair and waited for the others.

She didn’t have to wait long, the third years all walking out together after finishing their test with no real effort for most of them. But as she looked towards her friends it was a totally different story, each of them looked incredibly uncomfortable as their bladders once again bulged out of their skin. The five litres and days without relief pushing them all back to the bitter edge of control once again. But none of them compared even slightly to the state of Vanessa. Her enormous bladder so full it was barely recognisable as one, jutting out of her far more than anyone’s should do. The hemline of her leggings now below the ocean of pee inside her, compressed beneath the mass of liquid which hung over them precariously.

“Ladies Where have you been?” Dean Johnson said as she hurried down the corridor towards them, her heels loudly clacking off the surface “The event starts in an hour, you need to get going now otherwise you will be late.”

“B, But…” Vanessa pleaded, the others looking on nervously both for their friend and their own clearly full bladders. The bathroom just a few feet away, but a long que forming out of the door as another class of first years had finished up just before they had emerged. There was no way they could make it to the event in time if they waited, but would they even make it to the event without exploding?

“The journey takes about an hour, im not even sure if you will make it on time if you leave right now. Better not keep them waiting any longer you cant afford to be late.” The dean reaffirmed again as as almost physically pushed the group towards the exit next to her office. The side door offering good access to the staff parking where a large black car was waiting for them.

Bundling in all three of them let out varying degrees of groans as they sat. A loud cracking noise sounding in the car as the elastic of Vanessas leggings finally gave up the ghost and disintegrated around her giant bladder. The ordinarily strong material torn to tatters by her expanded abdomen and the pressure it was generating.

Despite only taking an hour to get to the event, Eloise had begun to fidget in the back of the car as she joined the others in needing the use of a bathroom once again. The fact worrying her greatly, she knew she had drunk a lot in the lesson but surely it had all come out now? Had she waited too long, had she damaged something by trying to hold too much too soon at the cinema yesterday?

Stepping out of the car she blinked in the sunlight, her thighs rubbing together for a few moments before she started towards the large white brick building that lay ahead of them. The large hall surrounded by a number of expensive cars and people milling around. Large signs advertised the many products and services that those in attendance today offered, some of the largest brands in the world were here!

“Right this way please” A young woman with a clip board said to their side. “The talk is about to begin I’m afraid we are already a couple of minutes behind schedule.”

Looking at each other for a moment they followed the ponytailed woman inside the building, being led to a large double door as they all tried to put their desperation to the back of their minds. It was supposed to be a two hour talk and Eloise was quickly starting to worry about having to admit her need in a packed room full of experts on the matter. Her classmates and fellow students had been one thing but this would be something else.

“I’m sorry, it’s just those three.” She said, holding up a hand to stop Eloise.

“What?” Eloise asked confused.

“I’m afraid its Miss Vanessa, Julia and Summer that have been asked to take part as final year students. You will have to take a seat in the auditorium, just head down their and through those doors on the left.” The woman said.

“Oh, ok” Eloise said slightly dejectedly.

“Hey, we will see you after.” Summer said smiling at her, the blonde’s legs shifting where she stood.

“Sure thing.” Eloise smiled back, leaving the three of them too it and taking a seat near the rear of the auditorium just as the talk began.

The talk itself was actually quite interesting, the various alumni talking about their graduate placements and how they got into the industry. But Eloise could tell many were watching her three friends at the end of the line of students. Summer and Julia clearly embarrassed and red faced while they tried and failed to control their squirming. Strangely it was Vanessa who seemed in the most control as she sat there looking like a blimp, her face sweating and wincing as her bloated and bulging body twitched.

Her tormented bladder sending signal after signal for more than a week to empty itself, but still the deathly proud or stubborn owner of it held on and other than the gentle rocking of her body she was still. Although she was clearly struggling as she stared off at a point on the horizon, completely not registering anything that was going on around her. Thankfully it seemed the questions were aimed at the three of them in general and as such the other two fielded most of the questions.

But that became more of an issue as time wore on, entering the second hour is was clear that Julia and Summer were struggling more and more. Summers crossed legs bouncing as she gently placed her hands folded on her lap. Her deep Blue eyes and pink metallic painted lips quivering in unison a she bit them, her beaming white teeth now covered in pinkish marks from her lipstick. Sweat forming on her and Julia’s forehead as they tried to remain composed as the pressure within them mounted.

In the crowd a similar sensation was filling Eloise with dread, her own bladder filling once more although thankfully slower this time. Even so, with 10 minutes to go she was once again forced to excuse herself. It wasn’t as bad as it had been in the lecture, but if she had done something to herself she knew she had to be smart and start taking any and all opportunities to save her graces.

Sneaking out from the back of the large room she made her way to the ladies’ room the others had spotted before. Entering a cubicle, she sat and let her body relax once more, yawning as the lack of sleep took its tool on her. Smacking her lips she tasted the weirdly familiar bitter tea, but as she sat there her brain finally connected the two memories. It was the beer! The diuretic ladened beer she had drunk almost two weeks ago and that had spelt disaster for Lucy, the first of them to loose it so long ago. But wait, that couldn’t be right could it? Surely the dean wasn’t dosing her students with potent diuretics? But it would explain how she had felt today, the repeated bathroom trips after the tea and litres of water. The only question remaining was why, why would she do it.

Finishing up and still confused by the revelation Eloise made her way to the corridor, seeing that the talk was finally ending. Going back to the door she had been turned away from she waited for her friends to emerge. Should she tell them, but what if she was wrong. There really wasn’t much to go on.

The door in front of them opened, a member of staff holding it open for the guests.

Grunting and clutching herself Vanessa waddled out of the room, Eloise had thought it impossible for her to look any bigger and yet every time she looked it seemed as if the poor woman had grown even more. Her bladder inflating like a water balloon, possibly due to the effects of the diuretic that had broken their friend more than a week earlier.

“Toilet, Toilet, Toilet, Toilet” Summer muttered loudly as she almost raced past Vanessa, heading directly towards the ladies room. A slow moving Julia holding herself but following in the same direction as they sought their much needed relief.

“Well, I think that went well. Don’t you think.” A familiar voice sounded behind them. The dean of their University coming out of one of the audience doors. She must have snuck in unnoticed near the end.

“Yes mam” Julia said, pressing her legs together tightly and trying to put on a professional demeanour.

“Im sorry, I…” Summer started

“I’ve got some people I would like you to meet” Mrs Johnson said ignoring the pleas of Summer and the obvious shows of absolute desperation all three were putting on.

“I…” Summer tried again.

“Right this way, they are the leads on the Darrius project that…Aren’t you coming?” She asked clearly annoyed.

“Bu…hu…hu” Vanessa stammered, her eyes fluttering and going into the back of her head for a moment. Her entire body shaking as she stood there, half stooped as her absolutely enormous bladder forced her to stand with an unnatural stance. Taking another longing look at the bathroom and then back at the unimpressed dean of her University she shook again before turning to follow.

“I…” Summer said, her tone of voice several octaves higher as she pitched one thigh into the other before relenting and following. Her knees knocking as she walked and causing her white skirt to flutter.

“These are Kim and Tony” she said indicating to a pair of casually dressed twins, the two women smiling at them.

“I would like to introduce some of our top students” She said the two groups exchanging awkward handshakes.

As they talked Eloise could see Summers nervous glances towards the bathroom, her knees continuing to hit into each other as she stood still, trying her best to listen to the apparently important women. Vanessa however could not have looked more zoned out, her matted hair sticking to her sweaty face as she continued to groan quietly, swallowing hard and teetering slightly where she stood. Her condition getting more than a fair share of concerned glances from the pair of women she was being introduced too. Yet they said and did nothing to help her. Julia was doing most of the talking, her stocking clad legs gently rasping against each other, the noise of the nylon just audible over the idle chit chat going on in the room.

“Anyway, we need to go and find Thomas Elder. We said we would meet up with him after.” The pair of women said as if they all knew him, taking a last glance at Vanessa the pair departed.

As soon as their backs were turned the three desperate women all took a step towards the bathroom before they were cut off once again. Fate cruelly playing them off against relief and professional and academic standings.

“Who else can I introduce you too.” Mrs Johnson considered for a moment, glancing around the room.

“I think”

“I need” Julia and Summer spoke up at the same time. Desperate to find a way of the situation without offending their school dean.

“Ah Julian, I would like you to meet some of our top students.” Mrs Johnson said, ignoring their plight once again.

“Mrs Johnson” Summer whimpered, her own movements stopping as she clenched her muscles tightly. Her hands turning into tight fists by her sides as she grimaced, almost pulsing where she stood.

“Right then Summer, Julia, Vanessa. I would like you too….”

“Uhhhhh!” A shout filled the room, cutting the deans introductions off moments before a loud splattering noise erupted from beneath Summer as she doubled over in pain.

Beside Eloise a waterfall of piss was falling between summers slender legs, her white knee-high socks instantly wet and turning slightly yellow. Pee racing down her thighs, spiralling down her now still legs, rivulets forking off in many directions as the forceful spray continued. More streams fell from her supple skin, flushed red by the constant movement throughout the last hour as she had tried to fight this. But here Summer stood, meters from a bathroom uncontrollably wetting herself while surrounded by some of the most important people in her industry.

“Im sorry” She sobbed at the dean of her school who looked on gobsmacked. Her mouth hanging open but eyes strangely sparkling as Eloise looked into them. Her fascination with what was going on in front of her matched by the dean and all but confirming her thoughts about the diuretic she had given to them all.

“I…”the Dean stuttered. “Im sorry, I didn’t realise.” She tried to lie.

The downpour between Summers legs capturing her attention as she watched on, summers hands covering her face as she continued to shake. Her inflated bladder slowly receding as its contents were nosily spilled onto the floor beneath her.

As the accident slowed down the Dean seemed to come to her senses, beckoning over the woman that had met them. Having a word in her ear it seemed they were having some sort of urgent conversation.

“Im sorry girls, I will have you taken home now.” The dean announced.

“But…” Julia started, her own legs bending and crossing as Summers accident expedited the desperation she felt.

“The car will take you back to the university.” She said before turning around and leaving the four of them. Their guide ushering them out to the car park once more before they could protest. Julia’s neck craning round as she tried to get one last look at the toilets. But once again she and the others were bundled into the back of the car, the woman having a word with the driver before they set off back to the university.

Sitting quietly the group of them simply stared out at the passing countryside. The groans and grunts of Vanessa somehow blending into the background. The uttered tones now so common place to hear over the last day or two that even Eloise was taking less notice of them. Opposite her Julia was staring out the window, her hand clutching the edge of her emerald skirt as her black stockings bounced up and down.

Summer was clearly humiliated once more, the latest wetting in the middle of the event far worse than even the one in the gym. Resting her head against the headrest she was simply staring at the floor, her cheeks still red and tears forming in the corners of her eyes which she would occasionally wipe away.

Looking out the window Eloise watched the scenery go by for some time, until she saw a sign for the nearby city. Why were they heading towards it, it was in the opposite direction to the University? Looking at her friends it seemed none of them had noticed, Vanessa and Julia to desperate while Summer was seemingly in her own head.

“Where are we headed?” She asked the driver loudly, Julia and Summer looking up.

“To the University” her replied

“Isn’t it the other way?” Eloise asked.

Taking a moment to press some buttons on the Satnav the driver was clearly checking something.

“Im sorry, I must have put in the wrong address. I will take the next off ramp and correct” He said, but surely he would have had the correct code in considering he picked them up there. Didn’t he work for the university, how could he get it wrong she wondered. Checking her watch they had been driving for almost 45 minutes the wrong direction, turning their hour drive into two and a half if he found an off ramp soon.

Opposite her Julia was biting her bottom lip, a look of dire concern on her face. Breathing rapidly through her nose only her legs moved faster, her legs running on the spot as her stockings rubbed against each other so fast Eloise was starting to worry about Julia starting a fire in the back of the car.

“Oh god, oh god, oh no, no, no , no , no” She muttered constantly for the next 30 minutes as she sat there, ashen faced. Her display of desperation far more acted than when she had lost it in the library. Although in that case Julia had something to occupy her mind, while right now all she must have been thinking about was her need to pee. A fact that ultimately proved fatal as she went wide eyed, her head looking up and catching Eloise’s.

“You have to stop the car” She said with some urgency.

“Im sorry mam, we are on the motorway I cant just pull over.” The driver responded as Julia uncrossed and recrossed her legs even tighter for a moment. Her balled up fists pressing into her crotch as she wiggled in her seat.

“But I…Oooohhhh” Julia whimpered, her face contorting into a look of discomfort as she screwed her eyes closed.

“Mmm” Julia whimpered again, her legs pressing into each other even tighter on the leather seats. But it was no use, for the second time that week she was starting to wet herself. The noise of the engine and wheels covering up the faint hiss of her accident but sitting opposite her, it was impossible for Eloise to miss the river of clear liquid rolling down from her chair. A puddle spreading out in the back of the seat before rushing off the waterproof seats and pooling on the floor. As pee cascaded down from the leather seats the unmistakable smell of fresh urine filled the car as another of the group lost control of her bladder.

But she was still fighting, Julia’s hands still pressing deeply in her crotch as she tried to stem the tide but it was no use, her frantic leg movements becoming slower and slower until they stopped completely. Her legs pressed together as her bladder continued to empty, her shoulders sagging and eyes looking down as she sobbed gently. She had lost control of her bladder once again, she was supposed to be one of the top holders and yet here she was, pissing herself in a car. The only positive was that she wasn’t alone, Summers clothes still drying from her own accident.

Next to her Vanessa somehow seemed oblivious of what was going on, her desperate brain detached from all reality as it had been for most of the day. One hand gripping between her double-crossed legs, the other slowly rubbing her bladder in small circular motions that seemed to be barely touching her skin. Any and all additional pressure causing her excruciating pain, her skin pulled as taught as possible and threatening to pop at any moment.

Where ever Vanessa had gone too, the plain of existence somehow let her maintain her control all the way back to the university. Her rounded bladder bulging even more monstrously as she managed to outhold two of the top bladders not once but twice, the volume of pee inside her incomprehensible.

Opening the door the evening had turned dark, the sun just about setting behind the large campus building. Stepping out Eloise was surprised to see the Dean stood waiting for them, had she planned all this?

“Im sorry about what happened earlier.” She said, her eyes glued to watching Vanessa get out of the car behind her. Not an easy task given her current predicament, a constant moan punctuated by heavy breathing escaping her as her whole body heaved up and down. Her eyes returning back to the present and going wide as if she truly had been having an outer body experience.

“Please, follow me.” The dean said, walking back towards the door to her office they had come out of earlier.

Sitting down in the chairs the stains and patterns of Julia’s and Summers wet clothes still visible despite them drying. The pair sullen but trying to be respectful as they sat in the office. Next to them Vanessa was even more of a mess than she had been in the morning, unable to hide her desperation at all now she had returned to her body.

Whimpering softly she fidgeted madly, her knees bouncing as she double crossed her legs and supported her bloated bladder with her hands.

“Now I wanted to apologise for what happened and make sure you know that it wont be held against you in anyway.”

“I…thank you” Summer said, although she hadn’t thought it would be.

“I think that despite it you all made a positive impression on the visitors and I think that…”

“Please let me use the bathroom, I’ve never needed to go this badly in my life. I was about to explode 8 hours ago and since then I’ve drunk so much, I just cant.” Vanessa uttered at break neck speed, the urgency clear in her voice as she all but exploded on the spot.

“Vanessa! I understand your position, but that is not how you should speak to me or how someone of your stature shouldn’t be talking. We pride ourselves on control at this university and the event tonight should have been reserved for just the graduates of other years. But given your track record I thought you would make the most of it but clearly, I was mistaken.” The dean shot back, surprised at the lack of decorum from her top student.

“Im…Im sorry mam, but im about to wet myself in your office if you don’t let me go…please!” she begged with tears rolling down her cheeks. Finally, at her wits end she was truly begging for more than just her dignity, forks of pain wracking her body every second. The pulses increasing in ferocity as she kept her bladder shut away and forced to expand even more.

“Well, I never” The dean replied.

“Im so full” Vanessa reiterated, her bulging body creaking under the weight of her bladder’s contents. The fraying of her leggings not the only thing that was starting to be destroyed by it.

“Vanessa, you are top of your class and have been since first year. I am sure that you can hold on long enough to finish this conversation.” The dean said calmly.

Groaning loudly Vanessa plunged her fists between her legs, “Please!” she pleaded, her eyes watering as she locked her legs together in a death grip.

“Fine, if you must.” The chancellor waved her away dismissively

But it was already too late, Eloise had seen the first burst of wetness moments ago. She hadn’t been kidding when she said she was about to lose it and now as Vanessa groaned, her bladders contents exploded out of her with tremendous force. A torrent of liquid pushing past her clenched hands and spraying around them noisily in all directions. The deafening patter of her instantaneous and sudden loss of control sounding around the room like a tropical rainstorm as Vanessa let out another guttural yell.

Her whole body shaking and quivering as if possessed, her bladder overwhelming everything else in her body as fireworks of conflicting signals erupted all over her abdomen. Her muscles still contracting and forcing themselves inwards while her crotch seemingly imploded in wetness. Thick streams erupted in all directions, the heavily pressurised streams falling almost a meter away from her in some cases as the others stood up to avoid being drenched in their friends monumental accident. Her mammoth bladder threatening to flood the room if it kept up.

A river of steaming piss was running down both her legs at breakneck pace, her absolutely drenched leggings unable to stop any liquid having already absorbed as much as they could. Not a squire inch was spared as they darkened, her pee hissing loudly through them as it continued to erupt out of her at some pace. The force causing it to shoot through the crotch of her seemingly thick clothes, the barriers of her underwear and trousers no match for the pressure build-up that had been torturing the groaning woman for almost two weeks.

Vanessa had pushed herself to the edge and then some, past any limits Eloise or anyone thought possible. 11 days of not skimping on drinking but including nights out, a full bladdered exam and seemingly a dose of some pretty strong diuretics if Eloise’s hunch was right. Putting her hands on the desk Vanessa groaned loudly again as she let her bladder hang freely beneath her, rivers of piss escaping from her in all directions and spreading for meters across the floor.

Eloise couldn’t think of anything, her brain completely empty of anything but the images of the show being played out in front of her. The largest bladdered woman she had ever seen, or possibly there had ever been was still peeing fiercely in the dean’s office. A puddle of unfathomable size spreading out of her as the drum beat of her accident continued, backed up by a percussive hiss and vocal groans. Her bladder and abdominal muscles stretched to their limits and finally gaining control as they forced the ocean of pee she had been holding out of her.

For almost five minutes the group watched in a silent awe of Vanessa's accident, almost the entire wooden floor was coated in her pee. It was by far the most anyone had ever seen anyone hold, even the dean was looking on with a faint impressed look. But as she looked up and caught Eloise watching her, her demeanour changed instantly. A scowl now on her face she crossed her arms, staring intently at the woman who had just drowned her office in piss.

“Well then, we will continue this another time then. Now if you are quite finished I think you should leave my office.” She said, her toes splashing in the puddle that had run under her desk.

“I…” Vanessa uttered, her mind filled with a tired and euphoric cloud. Silently the group left, unspeaking about what had just happened. But while they may never speak of it again, there was no way Eloise was going to forget what she had just seen. It was a sight that would visit her in her dreams over and over again, the first week at university more than meeting her expectations.

Back in her office the dean stood with her arms crossed, looking down at the enormous puddle she let herself have a curt smile at her handywork. Flipping open her phone she quickly dialled in a number.

“Well?” She said expectantly.

“I…I have never…she broke your record Mam.”

“She broke my record?”

“Yes Mam.” The voice repeated.

Smiling to herself the dean hung up. Taking a deep breath she picked up the red phone on her desk. The same one that she had been nervous to answer.

“Chancellor, we’ve got them.”

A moment of silence filled the room, before a soft murmur came through the other end of the phone.

Yes sir, she broke my record. The summer internationals are ours this year.”

Another murmur came through, seemingly impressed sounding.

“Thank you sir, Yes I will keep you updated on their progress.”

Hanging up the phone she sat back in her chair, relaxing and feeling happy as the contents of Vanessa's tortured bladder continued to spread around the room. She had done her job.

The end...for now?

###

Once again thank you to everyone who read, commented and upvoted this story, it really means a lot to know people are enjoying the story!

Unfortunately this is the end for now.

{{12 hours ago, SpaceWonderer said:

@Markj9494

I really love this story (just like all of your other stories too!), but I can't resist to peek and ask something what's on my mind for some time. Is this story going to be over after Vanessa pees herself, or is it set for a big sequel?

I'm feeling that most of your other stories feel like a complete work, and even if one of them will have a sequel, it will be completely different story, just with same characters or places, but this story has so many mysteries and hints that it just screams to me about further development. Like Eloise starting to feel the taste of holding fun not just from professional side. Or Eloise seeing dreams and unusual thoughts about omorashi (is it relevant to her "magic" watch she has to wear?). Mysterious university executives with their experiment. Kay dropping a bomb on Eloise that quite a lot of girls here enjoy holding/wetting but wetting is a real taboo topic.

Am I right that this novel is far from the end, and there's a sequel already planned where all these mysteries will start to unwrap like Easter Eggs, while Eloise's adventures will go further?

}}

Since someone asked I do have some ideas about where I could take this story and even have half of another chapter written as a kind of Epilogue, it does answer a few of your questions / explain a bit more about how the school works / came to be the way it did. But I have been having a bit of trouble making it entertaining enough for its own chapter. But watch this space.

The watch isn't magic although that is an interesting thought, simply far more intrusive than indicated by the dean. I have an explanation of why / how they came to be a thing in the afore mentioned unreleased chapter, so I wont explain here in case I manage to finish writing the next chapter. The dreams were more apparitions of the internal struggle between her enjoying it, doing the right thing and also trying to be "normal". But if its something you are interested in I have half a story written about something along those lines.

Sadly while there is scope and some ideas floating around for a continuation, It probably wont be for a while. This story took me close to 3 months to write and release, and I haven't even started to fully flesh out the next parts if there will be some. But given by how well this seems to have gone down, I will definitely think about it. Although I have a steadily growing list of stories on my "to do" list. Including one that I started about 6 months ago but keep getting distracted from. So I might have a play with that one first.
