The conference (part 2)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-05 16:12

‘Oh. It won’t open!’

‘Oh. I’m sure they will realise what’s happened and be right back. I’ll....I’ll need to wait a bit longer for that break. Any idea what task we have to do?’

James and June both sit down at the table and turn the iPads on. Less than a minute later the task appears on the screen.

“Understanding what a client really needs: Your task this afternoon is to discuss how to interpret what a client really needs without them saying. This is about understanding body language, listening for subtleties in their language, knowing how to respond to their need appropriately and leaving them fulfilled and satisfied. The more we can read a client the more we, as a company, can meet their need and support them.”

The room is silent other than the tapping of James’s foot rhythmically on the tiled floor of the small room.

‘Doesn’t seem too bad. Do you mind if I have a bit to eat first before we start?’

‘No, of course not. I’ll just try the door again if you don’t mind. I won’t be a few minutes.’

James stands, walking behind the flip chart nervously, heading for the food laid out in the table. Putting a few sandwiches and a piece of pizza on a paper plate he curls his toes and tenses his muscles as he hears June trying the door again. If she opens it he is definitely putting the plate down and running to the gents. His need now very consuming, so much so he’s finding it hard to hide it.

June pulls the handle down but still the door doesn’t open. She tugs then even knocks, but whilst they can hear voices the other side no-one appears to hear them. Carrying his plate back to the end of the table James sees June out the corner of his eye as she pulls one leg behind her and moves from foot to foot.

‘What’s the name of this place again James? I’ll try Googling them and see if reception can get someone to unlock this door. I could really do with....a breath of fresh air before we start this. Oh is that pizza any better than it looks? I haven’t eaten for hours but....’

‘City hotel I think’ James mutters between bites. ‘High street, Birmingham. I didn’t note this room number though, did you?’

‘Shit! I never even thought to look. Maybe if I tell them what conference it is and stuff they will find us anyway? Oh God this is not how I wanted my day to go!’

James feels exactly the same and the more he looks at June the more his mind wonders if she might actually be wanting the same thing he is? She is certainly flustered, stressed even, antsy and agitated, and even as she Googles on her phone she looks restless and fidgety. At least while she is occupied he takes the chance to slip a hand under the table and give himself a squeeze. Oh God that felt so much better, but his bladder aches and the sooner the door gets unlocked and he can get to piss the better!

June dials the number she found on google as she swings her feet back and forth waiting for it to be answered. Oh how they need to find them quickly and unlock the door! She’s bursting for a wee but it was just far too unprofessional to say that to James, who she not only barely knows especially as he seems lovely, handsome and pretty damn sexy too. This is so embarrassing! Finally the phone is answered as she wants to scream as a recorded voice answers Covering the phone as if the person can hear June sighs, looking over at James whose face is flushed and his mouth tense.

‘Oh God above it’s one of those bloody press 1 for this and 2 for that menu things! Like there’s gonna be a bloody number for if you are locked in one of our corporate business rooms by mistake please press 8 and one of our assistants will be with you shortly! I hate these bloody things don’t you!’

James laughs. Not only is June nice to look at but she’s funny too. If he’d had a drink he’d probably have spat it out at her last comment but then again if he had a drink he’d probably burst his already over full bladder right now. He looks over at June glad to see her more focussed on the phone as the brief laughter causes him to almost leak a few drops of urine in his boxers. Grabbing himself a little longer than he did before he squirms in his seat as he smiles and listens to June talking.

‘No. Yes. No I haven’t got a booking! I am already in the hotel. No no not room service. I’m stuck in one of your rooms! I’m with Co-op banking at their conference. Could you get a message to the company and ask them to check all the meetings rooms please? I’ve accidentally been locked in one and really need out. Ok. No no. It needs to be right now. Yes I know the conference finishes in a few hours but...yes if you could just pass a message onto the CEO that would be great. Thanks!’

‘That went well then?’

This time June laughs at the sarcasm too.

‘About as much use as a chocolate teapot! I just hope they pass the message on. I REALLY need out of here. Like now! No offence or anything. It’s just...’

‘Do you want some pizza while we wait? Or a sandwich?’ There’s a kettle if you want tea?’

‘Oh God not tea. Anything but tea! I’ve drank more than enough of that already this morning!’

‘Me too!’

