The plumber apprentice!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-09-15 21:08

A young, wealthy man had his bathroom renovated in his city apartment.

During that time he lived in his country house.

At one day, it was already early afternoon when he visited his apartment to check on the progress of the work.

There was only a young man working there. He was very friendly, greeted warmly and explained that his boss had brought him there early at morning, given him all the instructions and that he would pick him um at 4.30 pm after work.

The boy was young, just a few months over 18 years old and he was at the end of his training.

He was also very handsome and had a very nice, slim body.

It was summer, so he wore short working shorts, which revealed a lot of his beautiful slender legs.

The apartment owner loved this sight because he was bisexual and he loved boys as well, especially if they were pretty and slim like this boy.

His naked legs turned him on a lot and he could hardly look away.

He also had a lust when boys had a full bladder and urgently needed to pee, so he was inspired to think about where this boy could have peed when the toilet bowl was dismantled.

If he has been working here since early morning and he has not been able to urinate, his bladder must already be very full, though the man, very excited.

He wanted to spend more time with the boy and not leave the apartment right away, so he went to the living room and turned on the television.

Again and again went the man to the bathroom to see the boy, to talk to him and simply to be him near.

Once when the boy felt unobserved he could see him kneaded his dick and see how he writhed.

The man’s suspicion was confirmed, the boy had to pee and he had to pee very urgently.

When the boy noticed that he was being watched he smiled and said “sorry, but I need to pee since many hours, i didn’t get a chance to go since i left my home at 7 am now it’s already really, really bad.”

”Oh you poor thing, i feel very sorry for you.” Answered the man.

He didn’t really feel sorry for him, he was much more horny about the boy having to pee urgently.

”Does it often happen that you can not go to the toilet for so long?” Asked the man lustfully.

”It happens sometimes that we have to work for hours with a full bladder.” Answered the boy.

The boy was very relaxed in dealing with his distress. He pressed his hands between his thighs and crossed his legs over his hands to illustrate his predicament.

The guy was totally aroused about this situation. As well about the handsomeness of the boy as about the fact that he had to pee so urgently.

He could no other, more and more he went to him in the bathroom.

What the guy didn’t know was that the boy was also bisexual and that he preferred men who were a lot older than him and that the boy had since long noticed that he was desired by the man.

The boy really had to pee urgently but he also wanted to use the situation to make the guy horny with his body and his pee need.

When the man came into the bathroom again, the boy said “Now it’s really, really bad, much longer i can’t take it.I won’t know what to do anymore.”

”I’m really sorry that you have to suffer so much, but not another hour your boss will come to release you.” Said the guy.

The boy became more and more self confidence due to the man’s obvious horniness and said ” You are not really sorry that i have to do it so badly, you like to see me suffer so much! Don’t you?” Asked the boy.

”I can see it in your pants.” Continued the boy.

“You’re right, you’re really a hot lad, you turning me on very much and it makes me horny that you have to pee so bad, but can’t go.” confessed the man.

After some time, it was just before half past 4 , the boy finished his work for today and put away the tools.

The guy told him to wait with him in the living room until his boss came to pick him up.

The boy accepted the invitation with joy and sat down on a sofa opposite the man. His shorts had ridden up so that his thighs were bare all the way up, but perhaps the boy had pushed them up high on purpose to turn the guy on!!?? He knew already that the sight would excite him.

A few minutes later called the boy’s boss and told him that he would be late a little over an half an hour.

That was like music to the man’s ears, but for the boy it meant torture and having to endure another half hour of pissing pain.

The man full of lust and horniness used the opportunity to torture the boy even more.

He went into the kitchen and returned to the living room with two already opened beers.

Beer was the last thing what the boy who had to piss so terrible urgently and whose bladder was full to burst needed, but he didn’t want to be rude and therefore he drunk beer with the guy.

A half an hour later, the boss was still not there, the lad opened the top button of his shorts and said “ sorry i have to do that, it’s pressing too hard on my bladder. That beer was not good for me.”

He lifted his T-shirt and said “look, my bladder it’s big as a soccer ball.” and caressed his belly.

His lower abdomen was swollen and his bladder visibly pregnant.

“That’s amazing, it would be interesting how much you are holding in your piss balloon.” Said the guy.

”I don’t know how much, but it’s much to much for me and it hurts really bad.” Answered the lad and caressed his belly again.

”May i touch your bladder? Do you let me feel how hard it is?” Asked the guy.

”Sure you may, but be careful, if you press to hard, I’ll wet my shorts.”Answered the boy and smiled.

”Full of horniness he went to the boy, set beside him, but one hand on the boy’s naked thigh and the other on his abdomen.

”That thing in your belly is hard as a rock! You really must have to piss very, very bad!!! Don’t you?” Said the guy.

That thing in the boy’s belly was not the only thing that was hard, their both dick’s were bone hard as well!!

They were both horny as hell as the boss rang on the door.

”Sorry for delaying.” said the boss and then they went to the bathroom to talk about the work and about the next steps.

The poor boy had still the button of his shorts open and was standing lightly bent over and sometimes with his legs tight crossed.

“I think you should bring your trainee home as soon as possible before he is doing it in his shorts. The poor lad is needing to pee since noon. I think much more he will not be able to endure.” Said the man.

” It’s always the same with the young lad’s, they always have to piss. I think they should learn discipline and self control as well, that should be a part of their education.

It must be possible for a full grown lad to endure one day without peeing.

In our profession is this occasionally necessary to hold the urine from start to the end of work. For example at installations in new buildings, there are no toilets.

He pointed at the boy and said “ he is still young, just a little over 18 years old, he will learn it, he has to learn it, if he doesn’t get a chance to go, he simply have to hold it.

It was a little embarrassing for the boy, on one hand he was able to make the man horny with his young athletic body, but on the other hand he stood in front of 2 men with his sexy legs tight crossed and had to let his boss treat him like a little boy.

The beer became pure torture for the boy, he had to piss so badly that he thought his bladder would burst at any moment.

It would have been so easy for the men to relieve the poor boy of his suffering, but they didn’t.

They could have let him piss in a bottle or in a bucket, but they didn’t let him, he should have to endure it no matter how bad it gets.

His boss wanted to teach him discipline and the guy wanted to torture him and to see him suffer for his joy and his horniness.

If that young, sexy lad is capable of to make him so horny, he must also be able to restrain himself from peeing, even if his urine is almost coming out of his eyes.

After they were ready with taking about the project they said goodbye.

The boy wanted to be brave and hard on himself, he didn’t want to show to much weakness, but on the other hand he did know that the guy was turned on very much because of his strong urge to pee and therefore he could show a little bit of his desperation.

He was rubbing his bare knees at each other, he squeezed his naked thighs with both hands, smiled and said “ goodbye, we see us tomorrow!!!??”

”Surely!” Answered the guy with joy, well knowing that there would be still no toilet for the boy tomorrow.

*002*2025-09-17 19:59

{{On 9/16/2025 at 11:13 AM, Spectator9 said:

Tomorrow the young man's bladder will be tired from holding and he will not be able to hold as long. The boss clearly enjoys having his apprentices hold their pee and be desperate, and perhaps he likes to show off his own holding ability, so when he comes at the end of the day he might linger a while and have a few pints with his client.

}}

I like the idea that the boss enjoys when his apprentices can’t go to the toilet all day and that he loves to see them suffer.

*003*2025-09-19 21:43

The next day, the apartment owner came to his apartment early in the morning. Less to take care of his bathroom renovation than to see the boy.

The boy was already there. “Good morning.” He said in a friendly manner and was obviously just as happy to see the man as he was.

The boy wore the same clothes as yesterday, only he had rolled up the legs of his shorts to show even more of his naked, sexy thighs.

The guy loved it and the boy knew it. The boy loved to have the opportunity to turn the guy on with his body and that was it what he did and what he wanted to do.

”It’s very hot today, would it be okay for you if i take off my shirt?” Asked the boy smiling.

”For me would it be okay if you would take off all your clothes and if you work completely naked. But you know that very well, you naughty little brat.” Answered the man, already turned on very much and horny.

”I take off my shirts, but i leave on my shorts, they are anyway very small and short.” Said the boy and took of his shirt.

The man and his little friend down in his pants were enthusiastic about the sight.

The guy had to hold back with all his will not to touch this horny, hot body with both hands.

The boy on the other hand was aroused as well and would have loved being grabbed and groped by the man.

There was a lot of eroticism and mutual desire between the two, which they could not live out.

The lad was here for working and not for his bodily and physical well being. He was a worker and not a callboy.

The guy went to the living room and turned on the television, like he did it the day before.

Again and again he went into the bathroom to see the boy and to talk to him, he was like a magnet for for him.

The lad noticed that and enjoyed it very much.

A little after 12 he took a lunch break to eat the food which he brought with him.

The man offered him to eat with him in the dining room, which the boy gratefully accepted.

He left his upper body naked because he knew that this would exited the man and he wanted to turn him on.

After lunch the guy made coffee for both of them and he had his special reason for it.

”How are you?” Asked the guy.

And the boy did know very well why he asked him that and asked back “ you want to know if i have to pee?”

”Do you have to ” Asked the guy.

”If i had the opportunity, i would have peed 2 or 3 hours ago. Did you want to hear that? Do you like it that i have to pee but can not go? Asked the boy.

”Yes it sounds good for me and sorry, but i really love it that you will not get a chance to go for some hours more.”Said the man.

”You don’t have to be sorry, my bladder is used to wait for a long time and to get overfilled. It’s sometimes a part of my job.”Said the boy.

”I think my master loves that as well to see me suffer.

Yesterday on the way home he stopped somewhere because he had something to do!!???? He left me waiting in the car for a half an hour. He knew exactly how urgently i had to go and that my bladder was about to burst after holding it the entire day. I think that he did this for purpose to make me hold, to see me suffer and to torture me.” Continued the boy.

A little later came the boy in the living room and asked the man if he could help him for a moment.

The boy said that they usually work in pairs, but this time exceptionally not. He had to drill some holes in the ceiling and he begged the guy for safety to hold the ladder when he climb up.

The guy loved that the boy worked alone and to have him for his own and he loved to help him.

They went into the bathroom. The boy climbed up some steps on the ladder and the guy was standing behind him.

The boy’s n bare legs were only a few cm (inches) away from the guy’s face.

He could no longer resist, he had to touch that sexy legs.

He took one leg with both hands and slid from the boy’s knee up his thigh to his shorts leg.

The boy turned around, looked at the man and said “but that is not the ladder what you are holding.”

”I know it, but it feels so much better!!” Answered the guy and massaged the boy’s bare legs.

Now took the boy the initiative, he climbed down from the ladder, put his arms around the man’s neck and kissed him passionately.

The man took the boy by his firm ass and pressed him forcefully against him.

”Be careful, don’t press so hard on my bladder, i have to go so badly, otherwise I’ll wet my shorts.” Whispered the lad.

”You drive me crazy you nasty brat.” kissed him and pressed him harder against himself.

”How long do we have? When will your boss pick you up today?” Asked the man.

” My boss is not picking me up today, i have to take the bus.” replied the young man.

”We could have dinner together in the guesthouse next door and then you could stay overnight in my apartment, so you can save yourself the bus rides.”suggested the man enthusiastically.

”I would love to do that so much, but i only do it if you stay with me overnight.” Answered the boy and kissed the man again.

The guy was in seventh heaven, nothing he loved more than having this sweet boy in his bed all night long.

And then he thought about the fact that the boy couldn’t pee in the morning and that he had to endure working all day with a very full bladder.

“Will he be able to hold his urine from the night all day long? Will he be able to suppress his urge from waking up in the morning until evening?” Thought the man to himself.

*006*2025-09-23 21:38

After they agreed that they would have a dinner after work and that they would spend the night together here at this flat, the boy kissed the man full of tenderness and climbed again up the ladder to drill some holes in the ceiling.

The guy was holding the ladder and sometimes he kissed and leaked the boy’s legs which were so close in front of his face.

On the way down, he kissed his sexy, naked thighs and the boy loved to feel the soft, wet tongue on the skin of his thighs.

As the boy was back on the ground, they kissed each other and then the man walked back to the living room, because the boy had to work.

It was already after 4 pm as the man came to the bathroom.

”How are you?” Asked the man.

” My bladder is already aching from needing to pee so bad. Is it that what you want to hear?” Answered the boy.

”My poor boy is needing wee wee so bad!?!?” Teased the man.

”But yes, it turns me on very much to know that you need to piss very urgently.” Said the man.

”I know that already, but believe me, it’s not so easy to work when the bladder is so very full.” Answered the boy.

It was 5 pm and they made them ready for to go to the guesthouse.

As the boy wanted to pull on his T shirt went the guy behind him, wrapped his arms around the boy’s slim body, kissed his neck and pressed his hands in the boy’s lower abdomen and squeezed his full bladder.

The boy crossed his sexy legs and bent over.

”That is not fair what you are doing to me, you make me piss my shorts if you don’t stop that.” Said the boy and pressed his thighs and his knees hard together.

The boy pulled his T shirt over and they went down to the guesthouse.

They were sitting in the guest garden and ordered to eat and to drink. After the order did the boy get up.

”Where do you want to go?”asked the guy.

”There where i had to go since hours.” Answered the boy and wanted to go.

” No not now and not jet, you can wait until we leave and then we go together.” Said the man.

”But i have to go now.” Said the boy.

”No you have not, you only want to.” Answered the man and pulled him down to his seat.

”That is again not fair what you are doing, i thought you like me and now you hurt me.” Said the lad.

”I like you very, very much, you are such a sexy young man and you get even more sexy for me when you need to piss so bad as you have to do it at the moment.

You are a healthy, strong boy you will be able to wait, hold it for me.” Said the man.

”I have to go since before noon, i need to pee really urgently, but i will torture myself and i will torture my bladder for you, because i like you as well very much.

I can’t understand why you guys like to see us boys desperate to pee? Why does it turn you on when i have to piss so bad and when my bladder is so very full?”

I am sure that my boss loves it as well. He always make us wait much longer than necessary. When he knows that we couldn’t pee for hours, he brought us somewhere where we still couldn’t go for hours. “ said the boy.

”I can understand him absolutely, you lad’s are so exciting and so sexy when you need to piss. I begrudge him for you boys and for his opportunities.” Answered the man.

One and a half hours he watched the boy how he was rubbing his knees and how he squeezed his bare thighs with both of his hands, before he paid the bill.

After that they went both to the toilet, they were standing side by side and pissed.

The boy pissed like a fire hose. The man was long ready, urinated the boy still for a half minute longer.

It was popular that young guys have strong bladders if they are good trained, but this was very impressing, though the man to himself.

He wanted to talk about it and therefore he said “that must have been very urgent and really necessary.”

“Yes that was it! I could my bladder feel nearly up to my navel.” Answered the boy.

He was surprised that the man didn’t try to make him hold for some longer, but the guy knew why. Sure that he wanted the boy full to burst in his bed, but for some reason was that not possible.

They went back to the guy’s apartment.

As they arrived were both very excited. It was so unreal what they did and what they wanted to do.

During they drunk another beer in the living room started the guy to take off the boy’s clothes. First his T-shirt and then he opened his shorts and pulled them slowly down. He was surprised that the boy didn’t wear any undies and that he was already totally naked as soon as the shorts were down under his knees.

The boy started to do the same with the guy. At last he pulled him down his undies and sawed him the first time nude.

The boy loved what he saw. The guy’s body was slim, sporty and light muscular, but not so slim and not so thin like his own body.

The guy on the other hand loved the boyish slim body of the lad.

They embraced and hugged each other and could feel their bone hard dick’s between their bellies.

After some deep and impassioned kisses, they went to the sleeping room and laid on the bed.

They pressed their bodies with all their power together, pushed their thighs between the others thighs.

The man loved to leak and lick the smooth skin of the boy’s slim body.

They were both in ecstasy and couldn’t get enough from each other.

They almost eaten each other up.

In the morning they woke up tightly embraced, just as they had fallen asleep.

The boy looked at the man and said “ i think we have a problem.”

”What problem do we have?” wanted the man know.

”I need to pee.” Answered the boy.

“I don’t think that this will be a problem, you suppress it like you do it every day.” Said the guy.

”Yes but normally i can pee in the morning, but today i can’t. It’s absolutely impossible for me to hold it back all day long.” Answered the boy worried.

”It will and it must to be possible, you are my strong boy, you can do that! Be my hero!!” Said the man, laid on top of the boy and kissed him.

