The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 17

Author: Mbgpeelover

*400*2024-03-18 01:36

A long days work

Moving past Broxden roundabout and onto the M90 at last Ellen looked out the window at the scenery knowing they were finally getting closer to Dundee. Around 15 minutes later when the road had slowed to the A90 Ellen glanced out of Daniel’s side window to see the familiar petrol station logo she remembered so well from her last visit with Daniel. Clearly Daniel had spotted it too as they reminisced about their first time having sex on the way back from Dundee on the toilet floor. It had been so spontaneous, a culmination of a full day of being together and being attracted to each other, a natural occurrence after both being so aroused by both being so desperate to pee. It was such a lovely memory as Ellen gained great delight in hearing once again how Daniel hated public toilets and would much rather hold his pee until home.

That led the conversation naturally on to the night of the big meeting, a night Ellen knew she would never forget. It had been the night when things really progressed in their relationship in her mind. The night she couldn’t get Daniel out her head no matter how hard she tried. Just thinking back to that evening made her feel giddy and light headed even though nothing had actually happened. There had been no kiss, no physical contact really and not even much conversation, yet Ellen had gone home that evening utterly infatuated by the man who was now sitting right beside her in the car.

Somehow the conversation changed direction again as they talked about pay and overtime rates. Ellen kept that aspect of her life deeply private but now alone with Daniel and with her job ending in just a few days time she felt safe to reveal how she only received the minimum wage and that she was never paid for more than 35 hours a week regardless how many hours she actually worked. Daniel seemed genuinely shocked, though for Ellen it had just become the norm.

Soon they were parking in the shadow of the huge tower block as Ellen beamed seeing Taras, Vladislav, Teona, Marselina, Maria, Nadia and even Yelizaveta coming towards them with Jack behind them all. It was like a grand welcoming party as everyone grabbed something and took it to the respective flats using the odd or even lift. It was so brilliant to see them all again and every single one of them looked healthy and well as Ellen longed to chat to each of them to see how they were doing. Rob, true to his word, had unlocked every single flat in preparation, something Ellen was so grateful for. Carrying boxes of curtains, bedding, towels, household goods and toys Ellen was shocked at how empty many of the flats still seemed, devoid of even the most basic of furniture and food. It was hard to imagine people living in them in just a few days time.

Returning down for a second lot of boxes Ellen knew her weight and size was holding her back as she panted carrying another heavy box. This one was for right up on the tenth floor as Ellen waited on the even lift returning back down before heading up to almost the top of the block. Putting the box in the right flat Ellen took a moment to gaze out at the birds eye view that was so panoramic and beautiful. What a far cry from the windowless cabins on the cruise ship as she took a moment alone in the flat to use the bathroom and change her pad. Closing the flat door she dropped her rubbish down the chute on the landing while she waited on the lift cranking up so many flights. By the time she was back at the van both the car and the van were empty with everyone gathered behind them waiting to hear what to do next.

Hearing Daniel shouting something she had to get closer before she could make it out. Apparently there was some refreshments in the caretaker’s flat so Ellen turned to go back inside desperate for a drink and something to eat. Seeing Jack behind a table in the kitchen Ellen took a bottle of cold water from him as he handed her a plastic plate and pointed her in the direction of the food. It was like a replay of the Tuesday when she’d first arrived with a minibus full of the first group of refugees to move in. Now as she watched Tara’s and Maria and even young Nadia chatting away and laughing she could see for herself what a difference having their own homes was making to them all.

Seeing Teona picking up food at the buffet Ellen joined her to say hello. Apparently she’d already enrolled at Dundee University and was loving it so far even though classes were yet to officially start. In the remaining short time they had before Daniel apparently wanted them all in the downstairs landing Ellen somehow managed to catch up with Taras, Yelizaveta and Nadia who was looking forward to her first day at Morgan Academy the following day. 

Moving out of the flat into the landing Ellen could just make out Daniels voice as he listed where all the furniture was, stressing that he hadn’t managed to label anything yet like Celine had. He would therefore remain in the flats to get organised as he requested patience and thanked everyone for their help. Forming a queue Ellen noticed most of the helpers had had the forethought to bring their drinks out with them as they waited and chatted while Daniel and Celine got organised. After a few minutes Ellen realised that she could help them both too as she pushed through the crowd of eager helpers towards one of the community flats to look for Daniel. Finding him and Celine and Ellis staring at a room full of random furniture it was surprisingly Ellis who took the lead.

“What about we start with the beds and get as many beds into the flats as we can. Do you have a list of how many beds we require in each flat?”

Digging in her bag Ellen pulled out a list they had printed from their many spreadsheets as she quickly crossed off the flats already occupied and began shouting out numbers.

“Flat 1A, one double and one single or child’s bed.”

“There’s a toddler one here. Who’s it for?”

“Inna and Ihor so that’s perfect.”

Handing the toddler bed and a double bed frame out to the first volunteers a sort of chain began to form as Ellen called out what each flat needed and Daniel, Celine and Ellis all searched for the appropriate beds. They hadn’t even reached the third floor flats when there were no more beds in the community flat left. Directing everyone to the next flat they resumed their routine again as items left the flat and helpers returned for their next load. Ticking off each flat as they did it Ellen was starting to realise quickly that there was a substantial shortage of beds and that was before they thought about wardrobes or couches or tables. Celine obviously read her thoughts as she looked around at the flat looking pale.

“There should have been so much more than this! I had it all arranged.”

“Didn’t you tell me you were getting donations from Ikea too? I haven’t seen a single flat packed item yet. I assume there’s not been assembly fairies here to build it all?”

“You are right Ellis! Wait a minute. Yes it’s all here in my phone. Tomorrow morning there’s 50 Neiden bed frames, 50 Agotnes mattresses, and 40 Klippan sofas all arriving. Over £20,000 worth of stuff. I think for now we should get all these other things into the flats while we have the help. Is that ok?”

Happy to follow her colleague’s lead Ellen lead the way back to the first community flat as she looked through her list for the best flats to put each item in. Within an hour and a half both flats were finally empty as everyone congregated once again in the second community flat as Celine clapped her hands and got everyone’s attention.

“Thank you all so much for all your help. You may have realised that we are still very short of furniture for everyone arriving on Wednesday. Unfortunately one of our biggest deliveries has been delayed and won’t be here until tomorrow morning. I appreciate many of you have other things planned for tomorrow but if anyone happens to be free we will be very grateful for your help, especially if you enjoy flatpack. We have 50 beds to build and 50 sofas to put together!”

Ellen couldn’t help laughing at the shock on some of the faces just as Jack walked in carrying a large tray of food followed by one of the older ladies who had been serving drinks earlier carrying another tray.

“Please help yourself everyone. I’d rather it was all eaten.”

Smiling as everyone helped themselves Ellen was more thrilled at seeing a whole tray of cold drinks coming in as she grabbed a can and opened it. Standing beside Celine they watched everyone eating and mingling as Ellen remembered Celine’s son.

“Do you need back for Carson?”

“Thankfully not. I was too stressed about possibly being delayed again after the last time I was here with the food bank and starter packs charities so I arranged for him to stay at his grandparents for a few days. He’s home on Tuesday after school.”

“That’s great. I suppose we should head away soon though. I can’t believe how much we’ve achieved though.”

“We’ve had so much help. It’s amazing to see everyone wanting to support the other refugees isn’t it?”

“It is.”

Drinking some more of her can Ellen noticed Ellis and Celine both drinking too as Jack approached them all smiling.

“I couldn’t help hearing about tomorrow. I can bring some able volunteers from my church if you’d like? That’s a lot of beds to get built before Wednesday.”

“That would be amazing Jack. Thank you so much for all your help today. I don’t think we could have done it without your food and drink.”

“I have contacts in some of the local charity shops if you’re stuck for basic furniture or things. This is such a huge project but it’s so touching to see so many coming together like this. I’ve popped in to visit some of those already here and it’s been lovely getting to know them.”

“That’s so kind of you Jack. Thank you. We should be heading back.”

“Of course. What time tomorrow is the delivery expected?”

Eleven looked at Celine who checked her phone.

“They said between 8 and 9am”

“Great. I’ll round up some helpers and see you then.”

As Jack walked away Ellen looked at her colleague in concern.

“How will you get here for that time in the morning? You’ll need to leave Glasgow by about 6:30am!”

Seeing Celine’s face thinking Ellen noticed Daniel approach them with a can of cola in his hand just as Ellis looked down at Celine in concern.

“I booked tomorrow off as I didn’t know when we’d get back tonight and I usually start work at 4:30am. I could bring you back over no problem tomorrow if you’d like?”

“I have my car but actually I’m just thinking it might be better if I stay over in a hotel tonight. I can’t believe I forgot all about IKEA coming tomorrow after the excitement of arranging it all too.”

With the four of them walking out of the flat towards the main door of the tower block Ellen noticed Rob still in his work van as she went over to thank him.

“Is that you all done? I’ve been waiting here so I could lock up the flats again as I need to hand in all the keys to the council tomorrow morning first thing. Glad I bought my thermos of coffee. It’s getting chilly now.”

“There’s people in the community flats still but the residential ones are all done. Actually we have another big delivery coming early tomorrow morning. Would it be ok to leave the community flats unlocked for us please?”

Watching Rob fidgeting in his seat somewhat, assuming from the cold, Ellen was so relieved when he got out and nodded.

“Here. These are the ones for all the ground floor flats. Just don’t mention you have them ok? I’ll start on the top floor and lock them up now. Oh. Sorry about my rushing away. That thermos of coffee has went right through me and I’ve been waiting for ages. Good luck to everyone for the big move!”

“Thanks Rob. You’ve been brilliant!”

Looking over towards the van and Daniel’s car Ellen couldn’t help but notice Rob wasn’t the only fidgety one. Ellis had a hand in his jeans pocket and was moving from foot to foot and Celine wasn’t standing still at all. Walking over to them all she wondered what was going on as Daniel smiled at her with one of his raised eyebrow sexy smiles.

“Everyone ok? I’ve managed to get the keys to all the ground floor flats from Rob. Should I leave them with you Celine?”

“It looks like there’s a room free at the travelodge just down the road. I’ll just book it I think. It’s £62 though.”

“That’s expensive Celine. I’m happy to come back with you in the morning. You’ll sleep better in your own bed too.”

“That’s true. Geez it’s cold now isn’t it? I should have bought a jacket with me. Right ok. I’ll come back with you tomorrow. So are we sticking together going back or not?”

“I was going to pull into the services at the Broxden roundabout. You ok with that Ellen?”

Fully aware of why Daniel would want to do that Ellen nodded as Celine looked eagerly at Ellis almost like they had been friends for years rather than weeks.

“We could do that too if that’s ok? Save me cooking when I get home. That’s if you don’t mind?”

“Actually that sounds perfect. See you both there!”

&&

*404*2024-03-19 01:12

Daniel heads home with a full bladder

Joining the queue to what he presumed would be some sort of buffet type arrangement Daniel waited patiently hearing Ellen chatting to various people behind him. By the time he reached the end and accepted a much needed can of cold juice and a plate for the food he’d lost sight of Ellen already. Leaving her to mingle he carefully chose food that he knew was halal before separating himself from the crowd to look at all the donated furniture Celine had so adeptly secured. 

How she’d managed to get two entire flats worth of practically new furniture was beyond him as he inspected bed frames, looked in chests of drawers and sat on couches. Wishing he had the organisational skills of some of his colleagues he tried to think of how best to start the movement of it all to the flats as he drank his can of soda and nibbled at the food. Berating himself for not having brought his laptop so he could access the spreadsheets with the flat numbers and residents he headed back to the caretaker’s flat opposite to hand back his empty can and plate.

Moving back towards the main entrance again he was impressed at how many were waiting for him in the hallway as he shouted as loudly as he could just as Ellis and Celine joined him at the doorway to the first community flat.

“Thank you all for your help. As you may have noticed both of these community flats here are full of furniture that needs delivered to flats in this building. Until arriving here today I had no idea what was here so please bear with me as I organise myself as I go. If we start with flat G1 please. Thanks.”

Moving into the hall of the flat with Ellis and Celine behind him Daniel stood at the doorway of the first bedroom.

“Should we just start with the things nearest the door? Have you any idea what’s already in any of the flats? This is so frustrating without my spreadsheets.”

With helpers champing at the bit to assist Daniel handed them the first thing he could access: a single mattress leaning against a metal bed frame. Standing back to let them out with it Daniel was so relieved to see Ellen arriving as the four of them stood looking at everything when out of the blue Ellis came up with the idea of starting with the beds. Nodding his agreement Daniel was struggling to rely on his memory for the flat numbers when his amazing girlfriend pulled out a printout from her handbag. Letting her take over and dictate what beds were needed where Daniel, with the help of Ellis and Celine, dug out every bed frame and mattress they could find as volunteers moved swiftly to remove them to their desired location.

Before long every bed had been delivered to the correct flat and they moved swiftly into the second community flat to repeat it all again. With that soon devoid of beds too Daniel stood listening as Ellen and Celine discussed something about an IKEA delivery still to come. Ellis was standing quietly too, though he seemed to be actively listening and taking everything in. 

Daniel couldn’t help but notice he rarely took his eyes off of Celine as they eventually agreed to return to the other flat and get all the sets of drawers, wardrobes, couches and other items into flats while they had the manpower. It was a steady but efficient system with Ellis and Daniel digging out an item and the girls deciding where best to put it as Ellen recorded everything on her paper as each item moved away. With the volume of helpers and great teamwork they eventually looked around to see two fully empty flats as a spontaneous clap came from nowhere followed by Jack returning with what was left of the refreshments.

With a captive audience and all eyes on Ellen and Daniel Ellen cleared her throat to get everyone’s attention as she announced about the big delivery arriving from IKEA the next morning asking if anyone would be free to help again. It seemed such a huge ask after the hours of labour everyone had given already but Daniel couldn’t deny that her popularity and bubbly personality was coming in useful as people chatted about what they could and couldn’t do. With everyone talking about it it finally dawned on Daniel that none of them would actually be there either with three of them due to be back on the cruise ship for its final few days in port and the other presumably back in his usual delivery job. Struggling to see how that would even work he faintly heard Celine talking about the possibility of a hotel as his head spun with the sudden change and stress of it all.

Sipping at another cold can of cola, gratefully handed to him by one of Jacks helpers from his church, he stood in a huddle with the other three as they discussed either staying over in a hotel or coming back over early in the morning. Checking his watch Daniel was aware that they really should be heading back, at least him and Ellen anyway, as he turned to walk out the flat with the others following him. Heading out the security door into the cold October air Daniel walked straight towards his car hearing Ellis and Celine chatting behind him. Stopping at the car he turned to unlock it and open the door for Ellen when he noticed she was still over the other side of the car park talking to Rob in his work van.

Ellis had unlocked and opened his van too but like him neither of them had yet to get in as Ellis stood by the door with his eyes on Celine as she looked at her phone and talked about hotels. Finally Ellen came over gleefully showing them all a bunch of keys.

“Everyone ok? I’ve managed to get the keys to all the ground floor flats from Rob. Should I leave them with you Celine?”

Hoping Celine would answer quickly, as the cold air and cans of juice were combining to make him need a piss rather badly, Daniel leaned on his car as he listened to Celine and Ellis decide to travel back in the morning rather than have Celine stay over. Anxious to get moving another strong pulsation from his bladder made Daniel come to a quick decision himself. He really did hate public toilets but knowing how much he’d drank in the tower block combined with the strong pressure pressing down on his bladder he felt he had little choice. Without even discussing it with Ellen he looked at Celine, who looked so cold almost marching on the spot, and Ellis who was standing crossed legged leaning on his van door, as he spoke.

“I was planning to pull into the Broxden services if that’s ok with you Ellen?”

Seeing Ellen nod Daniel climbed into the driver’s seat, pushing down quickly on his crotch while no-one was looking, as he heard Ellis agreeing that they would stop there too. Immediately feeling worried about this he could only hope they arrived first so he could rush to the gents before either Celine or Ellis saw him. Moving his hands quickly back onto the steering wheel as Ellen finally got in Daniel started the engine ready to leave anxious to get moving as soon as possible.

Pulling out the tower block car park and towards the city centre Daniel was already feeling stressed at the proximity to rush hour as they stopped at a red light with the van right behind him. Ellen seemed quiet, which he was actually very grateful for, as he tapped his leg anxiously desperate for the lights to change. Finally joining Perth Road to head towards the A90 they were just passing Harris Academy when Ellen started talking.

“I reckon Ellis really likes our Celine you know. The way he was looking at her there when we were leaving. I could be wrong but I think he fancies her.”

“I think he’s had his eye on her for ages. Why else would he have offered to sort out all those donations with her for the last week and even volunteer to drive her all the way here today and then stay and help? The fact he then said he’d bring her back tomorrow again tells you everything you need to know Ellen. He seems a decent enough bloke though.”

“He really does. The way Celine talks about him too I reckon they’ll get together soon. It’s actually really lovely. Who knew that supporting 130 refugees to relocate could bring so much love eh?”

“Love? I think it’s a bit more like lust as far as Ellis is concerned. I mean Celine really isn’t my type but she’s a lovely girl and a nice figure if you like the tall slender type. I much prefer my woman to have more flesh about them. Now you? You are a wonderful specimen of a woman Ellen. Gorgeous big tits, sexy fuller figure, adorable kissable lips…”

Loving how Ellen so easily and casually placed her hand on his inside leg as he drove Daniel shivered just a little at the touch of her skin on his joggers as his need to pee intensified yet again.

“I’m guessing you’re horny?”

“I’m trying to be! I really need to be quite frankly because otherwise I’m afraid I might piss myself! What is it about this damn road that makes me seriously need to pee so badly!”

“I don’t think it’s necessarily the road honey. I think it’s more your pride and insistence to only pee at home. For what it’s worth I suspect Celine is bursting too judging by the way she was dancing in the car park. Is this helping you?”

Feeling Ellen’s hand moving further up his inner leg to his crotch Daniel couldn’t deny that having her touch him there was helping him a lot, not just because she was stimulating his penis and testicles to distract them but also because it was starting to make him hard which always helped to hold when he was desperate.

“Definitely! God I really shouldn’t have drunk so much juice. I REALLY need to go! I’m actually not sure I’ll make it all the way to the Broxden services right now.”

“You know there was actually 84 bathrooms in Tulloch Court Daniel. I can’t believe you didn’t use even one of them. Not that I’m complaining. It’s rather sexy seeing you like this even if I am still bleeding.

*405*2024-03-20 02:00

Three very desperate people

Glad that they were leaving before dark Ellen watched out the car window as Daniel drove through Dundee city heading towards the A90. Wondering how Celine was getting on in the van with Ellis she wished she could be a fly on the wall. They definitely seemed to have become closer somehow on the journey over and there were so many signs that they both liked each other, though Ellen knew better than to meddle in other’s relationships. Happy in her own world letting Daniel drive she reminisced about the first time her and Daniel had come to see Tulloch court and how they had became closer as the day went on too. Maybe there was something about Dundee, or maybe it was the intimacy of travelling together unable to move and forced to be beside someone for a length of time? Whatever it was even she could feel herself being drawn more to Daniel being so physically close and hearing his every breath and sigh.

Suddenly realising she was voicing her own thoughts aloud about Celine she felt comforted to hear that she hadn’t been seeing things and that Daniel had noticed too. It felt quite romantic agreeing on something together as a couple even if it was just a bit of gossip about a work colleague. Turning to face Daniel as he looked ahead concentrating on his driving Ellen felt such a fondness for him, a tenderness, a closeness that no longer seemed to scare her. As Daniel shuffled in his seat slightly before talking about what he thought of Celine and Ellis Ellen wasn’t overly surprised when he steered the conversation adeptly to complimenting her as the sexual tension between them built up quickly. Wanting to show she liked what she was hearing and that she too found him very handsome and attractive she leaned over slightly to rest her hand onto Daniel’s thigh.

While he didn’t quite jump at her touch there was still a very noticeable shiver as she jested with him about being horny. What Daniel said back not only turned Ellen on but it woke her up, excited her and thrilled her in equal measure. Daniel was bursting to pee, and from what he was saying he’d clearly needed to go for some time. Curious why he hadn’t gone at the tower block when every flat had been unlocked and he had amply opportunity to Ellen knew it wasn’t really ever about the availability of toilets that was Daniel’s issue but more a combination of stubbornness and pride. Fondling his crotch through his polyester joggers Ellen loved how she could feel every part of his body so much better than through the suit trousers Daniel always preferred to wear. Keen to encourage her partner to keep holding she made sure not to get in the way of his driving as she slid her hand in as deep as she could.

“I’m sure you’ll make it Daniel. I’ll help however I can.”

“Thank you.”

A few minutes seemed to pass as Ellen watched out the car windscreen as Daniel indicated left to join the busy A90 duel carriageway. Feeling his legs tensing every time he changed gear or slowed down Ellen heard every sigh and moan as Daniel shifted his body in the seat multiple times.

“I can’t get comfortable Ellen. I really need to piss!”

“I know. Just keep doing what you’re doing. Would it help if my hand was inside your trousers instead of over them?”

“I really don’t know but you’re welcome to try!”

Delighted to hear this Ellen tugged carefully at the elastic waistband of her boyfriend’s black joggers as she slid her hand down inside and felt for his tender and soft penis. Despite all the fondling she had been doing he was barely half hard as she squeezed it gently and rubbed it slightly.

“Oh that’s good. Keep doing that!”

Wanting to please Daniel Ellen obliged as they drove along at a steady speed on the busy A90 towards Perth. They seemed to be settling into a steady rhythm of her squeezing and pinching and rubbing in response to Daniel’s wriggling and tensing and fidgeting until a sudden beeping made them both jump. Pulling away from Daniel just enough to reach into her bag for her phone Ellen heard Daniel whimper loudly and tense his body forwards towards the steering wheel as she looked at the screen of her phone.

“No! No! Please no!”

As she read the words on her screen Ellen watched as Daniel dropped one hand off the steering wheel and pushing it tightly into his crotch grabbing the outline of his penis tightly.

“I’m never going to make it to Broxden! I feel like I’m about to wet myself!”

“Seems you’re not the only one honey. Listen to this.

‘Hey! We’ve got a bit of a situation here I’m afraid. Ellis really needs the toilet and so do I. He says there’s a petrol station about 5 minutes away. We’re going to pull in there. We’ll get you at Broxden’

“I forgot about there! Tell me as soon as you see it!”

Smiling to herself at how much the current situation echoed their previous visit Ellen knew that unfortunately they couldn’t quite reenact it all as she slid her hand back inside Daniel’s trousers as she looked for any sign of a petrol station ahead. Every second seemed to last forever as she felt every movement of Daniel’s body as he squirmed and shuffled in the seat struggling to hold his bladder.

“It’s going to come out! I can’t hold this! Oh come on petrol station. Where are you!”

Pinching the head of his penis tightly Ellen felt the pressure building as dribbles of urine leaked out into Daniel’s underwear under her fingers. Looking out the windscreen anxiously she shouted louder than she intended to in her excitement.

“There it is! Can you see it?”

“At fucking last!”

Feeling the car speeding up towards the bright lights ahead indicating the prices of the fuel Ellen hoped that by some miracle her boyfriend might somehow make it on time as the lights got brighter and the car veered off the road into the petrol station with its attached garage. Looking out her side window as Daniel brought the car safely to a stop Ellen didn’t dare tell Daniel what she saw. While the pumps all appeared to be working the forecourt shop was all in darkness and Ellen knew from their previous visit that the only toilet was inside. Pulling her hand out of Daniel’s trousers as he turned his engine off and immediately threw both his own hands between his legs as he squirmed frantically Ellen looked at her boyfriend in sympathy and concern unable to bring herself to break the news to him. Seeing him struggling to regain enough self control to get out the car she heard a large vehicle pull up behind them as she turned around to see Ellis’s white van.

Getting out the car she walked towards the van as Celine jumped out looking red faced and stressed. With a hand awkwardly between her legs she hobbled more than walked as she raced towards the closed shop with her head down. Finding the door locked Ellen noticed a hand written sign as she read it out to her obviously bursting friend.

‘Due to unforeseen circumstances this shop will be closed until Monday 8th October at 7am. We apologise for any inconvenience.’

‘You have to be kidding me!’

With both Ellis and Daniel now standing behind her awkwardly having heard Ellen reading the sign Ellen turned to see them both. Ellis had his legs crossed and a hand openly over his crotch with his face tense and terrified whilst Daniel was bent forward with a hand in his trouser pocket sweating profusely.

Dancing around on the spot holding herself Celine didn’t seem to care who could see her from the road as she turned to look at the men almost crying.

“I just need to go to the toilet so badly! I’m sorry Ellis but I’m about to piss my pants right in front of you! I just can’t hold this any longer!”

“There’s no need to apologise. To be honest I’m about to do the same!”

Switching her eyes between her squirming friend and a very tense and red faced Ellis Ellen looked along to Daniel who seemed frozen to the spot as a loud hissing noise drew her attention. Clearly unable to wait any longer it was obvious to them all what was happening as Daniel seemed to suddenly come to his senses as he pushed his hand down the waistband of his joggers and pulled out his pouring penis as he turned his body away to protect his modesty as urine poured out from between his legs onto the tarmac below in a very long and powerful stream captivating all three people watching. Feeling a little awkward and extremely turned on Ellen turned back to face Ellis and Celine feeling like she owned them an explanation.

“He hasn’t been since he left the house this morning apparently.”

“Bet he feels so much better now though. Can’t blame him to be honest. I might just go around the back myself before I end up doing the same.”

Feeling a hand on her arm Ellen turned to see Celine pulling her as she hobbled behind Ellis.

“Come with me Ellen so no-one sees me! I’m already dribbling in my knickers!”

Getting pulled behind Celine around the shop to the side Ellen stared openly as Ellis unzipped his trousers and immediately pissed against the side of the shop as Celine marched on the spot then hitched her loose skirt up, hunched down by the wall shielded from the traffic only by Ellen’s body, as she peed right through her knickers and tights onto the ground beneath sighing loudly as she did so. Despite still peeing himself Ellen couldn’t help but notice Ellis watching her, his white face blushing and his hand immediately covering his penis which Ellen suspected might be growing a little from the things he was seeing.

Ellis finished first as he looked away from Ellen and down at Celine as he made himself decent again and then looked away before Celine noticed.

“Oh my God I needed that! I feel SO much better now, though I have a bit of a problem obviously. Don’t worry Ellis. I won’t make your van wet. Look I’ll just slip my tights and pants off and put them in the bin. Is my skirt ok Ellen? I didn’t pee all over that too did I?”

Checking her colleague’s skirt in the lights from the petrol pumps Ellen reassured Celine that her skirt was fine as she walked back towards the van in the forecourt having stepped out her wet things already.

“Do you still want to pull in at Broxden or just head home?”

“It’s up to you Celine. I mean we could stop for something to eat if you’d like? I know there’s a McDonald’s there?”

“That sounds good. I think the break would be good.”

Glancing over at Daniel’s Audi Ellen walked with her friends as she replied.

“I think Daniel and myself might get the drive through. I think it’s only about 15 minutes down the road.”

“Might be better if we do the same Ellis. That’s if you don’t mind. Given I haven’t any knickers or tights on.”

As Cekine discarded her wet things in a small bin by the pumps and climbed into the van Ellen walked alone to Daniel’s car hoping he wasn’t too upset at his accident. As far as she was concerned it was one of the hottest things she’d ever seen and she hoped that telling Daniel that might put his mind at rest too.

*407*2024-03-20 15:05

{{12 hours ago, brown4182004 said:

I want to see a chapter with just Ellen and Celine desperate!

}}

You’ll have to keep reading to see if that ever happens

*408*2024-03-21 01:06

Finally reaching Broxden services

Clenching his muscles tight and concentrating hard Daniel could think of nothing else other than how badly he needed to urinate. The traffic was steady but they were still over 20 minutes away from Broxden roundabout and he was absolutely positive about the fact that he would never be able to hold back that long. Even with Ellen’s hand now inside his jogging bottoms it wasn’t making much difference as the pressure seemed to escalate by the second. Sure Ellen was pinching his penis, squeezing it and caressing it with her large hand but it was fast reaching a point of no return when a loud beeping noise made him jump so much that a spurt leaked into his underwear.

With Ellen reaching down to pick up her phone Daniel was forced to quickly remove one hand from the steering wheel to grab at his own dick just to prevent it bursting everywhere all over the car. Moaning to himself more than anyone else he kept the car steady as he whimpered and groaned.

“I’m never going to make it to Broxden! I feel like I’m about to wet myself!”

Driving one handed he listened as best he could as Ellen read out a text message from Celine saying that they both needed to pee so they were stopping at the petrol station at Inchmichael just a few minutes along the road. Kicking himself for forgetting about that location, especially as he’d pointed it out on the way into Dundee earlier that day, Daniel squirmed and fidgeted like crazy as his body seemed to realise that release could be imminent. Looking out for even the tiniest of hints that the petrol station was approaching he felt tears prickling his eyes as he moaned that he really didn’t think he would make it. True to her promise of wanting to help him Daniel felt Ellen’s warm hand against the damp material of his boxers as she intensified her gripping and squeezing, obviously doing her best to try and prevent him pissing everywhere. Her excitement on seeing the bright yellow Shell sign was obvious as he sped up the car in the hope of getting there just a second quicker.

Pulling into the petrol pumps he turned the engine off and immediately pushed both hands into his crotch lifting his bottom off the seat and tensing every muscle he could feel. Bouncing in extreme urgency he was trying to gain just enough control to run inside to the bathroom when Ellen got out the car. Deciding quickly that if he didn’t get out he’d almost certainly piss himself he opened his car door and clambered out still gripping himself tightly. Seeing the lights of a vehicle now pulled behind his he quickly slid a hand into his trouser pocket and grasped at his aching penis that way as he limped towards the door of the shop seeing Ellen and Celine already there. Now registering that the other vehicle was Ellis’s van he heard Ellen reading something out loud as he bent forward feeling light headed at the incessant pressure from his distended and stretched bladder.

How could the shop be closed? He couldn’t wait any longer. He genuinely couldn’t as a long spurt burst out through his underwear and trousers running down his legs and pooling on the ground. This was it. The seal was broken, the tap opened, the damn burst and no amount of squeezing or pinching would make any difference now. Turning his body so his back was to Ellen and the others he hastily pulled down his joggers and boxers just enough to pull his penis over the top of them both as torrents of warm liquid surged out powerfully and strongly. There was no stopping it now as his bladder emptied completely as he stood there frozen to the spot with one hand holding his joggers and boxers under his testicles and the other holding his penis trying desperately to aim the waterfall away from his clothing and shoes. Vaguely aware that the others had moved away he just couldn’t stop as an entire days worth of built up urine pushed to get out of his body all at once.

The relief was unbelievable as he let out a long breath as the tension finally left and a sense of peace and contentment took its place. Shaking the final few drops onto the tarmac he pulled his clothing back up feeling the wetness clinging to his naked body. Making his way back to his car he turned on the interior light to examine how bad things were. His boxers were soaked all down one side and his polyester black joggers had streaks of wetness all down one leg. With the daylight slowly fading and the fact his clothing was black he hoped no-one would notice, though he had no intention of leaving the car until he got home anyway. Turning the internal light back off he felt the outside of his trousers for any sign of wetness until he heard voices and placed his hands onto the steering wheel pretending all was fine.

Looking through the rear view mirror he saw Ellis, Celine and Ellen approaching the two vehicles when Celine appeared to drop something unidentifiable into the bin before getting into the unlocked van. Hearing Ellen’s footsteps he turned the car engine on as she opened the passenger door and climbed in.

“The others are still stopping at Broxden for something to eat. I said we’d probably do the same if that’s ok with you?”

“Emm. I don’t fancy getting out the car to be honest.”

“I was thinking we could just do the drive through? Celine isn’t wanting to get out either. She…emmm…she didn’t quite manage to get her pants and tights down in time.”

“You serious?”

“Yip. She was obviously very desperate. Please don’t ever mention it though. I think she’s very embarrassed about it.”

“Not as embarrassed as I am!”

Feeling Ellen’s hand once again resting on his wet crotch as he rejoined the rush hour traffic on the busy A90 Daniel felt his penis swelling as Ellen’s words stirred his hormones quickly.

“There’s no need to be embarrassed Daniel. I’m rather enjoying feeling you so warm and wet down here. You turn me on so much when you’re so bursting that you leak like that and the amount you pissed was mind blowing. You really must have been so desperate.”

“I was!”

“I just hope poor Ellis isn’t feeling too uncomfortable knowing Celine is sitting beside him in the cab with no knickers or tights on. Not exactly how you’d expect a passenger to be is it?”

“He might be secretly enjoying it you know. For a lot of guys that would be a thing of their fantasies.”

“Would you have liked it if it was me having wet myself like that and I got in your car without pants or tights on then?”

“I 100% would! You’re making me hard just thinking about it!”

“Good job we’re almost at McDonalds then isn’t it!”

Signalling to turn right at Broxden roundabout to pull into the small service area Daniel looked in his rear view mirror seeing the van a few vehicles behind. Joining the roundabout he circled around it until the right exit, indicating to pull off into the mostly empty car park and following signs to the old looking McDonald’s restaurant. Pulling into the drive through lane he joined the queue as Ellis pulled in right behind him. Within a few minutes they reached the order point as he placed their order and filed around to the payment desk. Paying by car for both meals he lined up to collect the food, already missing the feeling of Ellen’s hard on his legs.

Finally getting their drinks and food he drove along to a quiet part of the car park and parked up. Dividing up the food he noticed Ellis pulling up close by just under a street light as they all ate their food and drank their juice in their separate vehicles. Feeling much more refreshed and relaxed Daniel was not in any immediate hurry to leave as they filled the paper bag with their rubbish and Ellen put it at her feet.

“So what are your thoughts about tomorrow then Daniel?”

“What do you mean?”

“Are you thinking of going back to Dundee to help make up all the IKEA stuff so it’s all ready for Wednesday or work on the ship?”

“I hadn’t really thought about it to be honest. What’s your thoughts?”

“Have we got a lot to do on the ship still?”

“That depends. I’ve got all the formal stuff complete, the tenancy agreements and all the things booked for the move, but it would have been good to make sure everyone is packed and ready and we don’t get any more escapees and everyone is accounted for. I also need to find out what’s happening with Stepan too.”

“Do you think Aran and Yeva and the others could do any of that? I’m just concerned at how much flat pack stuff needs assembled in such a short pace of time. 50 beds and 50 sofas is a huge amount to get assembled and moved into the right flats in just one day. I’m not even sure it’s doable so the more people the better is what I was thinking.”

“Do you know how many people Celine has helping?”

“No I don’t. Should I go and ask her before we head away?”

“Emmm. I’m not sure she’d appreciate that right now.”

Seeing the beaming smile on his beautiful girlfriend as she looked over to the van and saw her friend and Ellis kissing Daniel reached out to hold her hand.

“I think we both saw that coming. You know I really can’t blame Ellis. It’s very hard to resist kissing someone you really like when they are sitting right next to you and all you want to do is hold them in your arms and let them know how much you really like them.”

Ellen turned as their eyes met followed quickly by their foreheads and then their lips. All too soon it was their tongues and their hand running through each other’s hair and holding each other’s necks as Daniel held his darling Ellen in his arms feeling nothing but love and desire for every single part of her.

*409*2024-03-22 00:46

Heading back to Glasgow

Sitting in the passenger seat of Daniel’s Audi Ellen glanced over at her boyfriend’s crotch as she informed him that Ellis and Celine were still planning to stop at Broxden services for something to eat. Hoping Daniel would agree to do the same, since the refreshments from Dundee had long left her stomach empty, she couldn’t help but smile ruefully when Daniel remarked that he didn’t fancy getting out the car. Reaching across to touch his upper leg and feel how wet it was Ellen couldn’t help herself from sharing what had just happened to her friend. Guessing that the thought of any woman doing what Celine had just done would turn him on Ellen fondled and felt Daniel’s crotch excitedly as he commented how aroused he’d be if she ever did the same. Doing her best not to distract him too much on the busy A road she reassured him that he had no need to be embarrassed because she was very much enjoying feeling him so wet and warm…and hard!

All too soon they were pulling off the huge roundabout into the sprawling service area with its small spar shop and toilets tucked away in a corner, a disjointed petrol station, an old hotel and restaurant and a single storey older style McDonalds. As Daniel followed signs towards the fast food drive through Ellen slowly moved her hand from his trousers as the car park streetlights shone down into the vehicle. Checking in Daniel’s wing mirror she spotted the white van behind them as Daniel approached the order station and asked her what she wanted. Working their way around the building Ellen held the drinks and bag of food on her knees while Daniel found a quieter area to park in so they could eat.

Hunger was Ellen’s driving factor at first as she and Daniel bit into their burgers and dipped into their fries. Caught up in eating they sat mostly in silence for a while as Ellen looked up at the van with her best friend in to check she was doing ok. Only after they’d both finished their fast food meal and squashed the rubbish into the paper bag did she sit back in the seat and think about what they’d achieved that day and the huge amount they still had to do. Finding herself thinking aloud she looked towards the van as she questioned Daniel.

“So what are your thoughts about tomorrow then Daniel?”

Of course Daniel was still undecided having been the last one to make up his mind about coming even that day. It wasn’t that there wasn’t much to get done still in Glasgow, far from it, but the thought of leaving her friend pretty much alone to assemble 50 beds from flat pack and 50 sofas felt terrible even if she did have Ellis and possibly Jack to help. She knew only too well how long building one thing could take and time definitely wasn’t on their side. To Ellen it was obvious to go where she was most needed and to her that was clearly giving practical help in Tulloch Court. 

Daniel, on the other hand, ever the man of detail and efficiency, of course wanted to know that any further trip would be worthwhile as they tried working out how many people might actually be there and how many beds or sofas that many people could build. While Daniel did the maths Ellen’s mind went to the practical arrangements of covering any last minute urgent tasks they both needed done back on the ship. Was it ethical to pass that over to others when they already had their own time pressures?

As they talked things through they both came to the same result and that was that without knowing numbers they couldn’t make a decision. Thinking about getting out the car and walking over to the van to find out the answer from Celine Ellen looked out the window towards where her friend was sitting high up in the van beside Ellis as she immediately stopped talking. Now definitely wasn’t the right time to be asking her friend anything as she watched her colleague’s face being stroked and kissed by the man she was sitting beside in the vehicle. Tapping Daniel on the thigh and indicating with her eyes to what she was looking at he too stopped talking and looked over. It wasn’t a surprise to either of them as they’d both remarked how well they both seemed to be getting on, though Ellen couldn’t help but wonder if the fact Celine had got back into Ellis’ van without any knickers or tights on after pulling in at the Shell petrol station had perhaps sped things up somewhat.

Feeling rather emotional at watching her best friend being kissed by a man she knew she really liked Ellen felt shivers up her spine as Daniel reached out for her hand and held it tightly as his words made her heart happy. For a quiet, unassuming and studious man Daniel could at times utterly blow her away with romantic words as she turned to look into his eyes feeling a surge of desire for him just like she’d felt the day they first kissed almost two weeks ago to the day. His hair was sweaty, his lips speckled with tiny droplets of tomato sauce from his burger and his eyes looked tired but his skin felt sublime, his smell attractive and when their lips met it was heavenly as they followed their friends in kissing and holding each other as the familiar tingle between her legs increased quickly. The daylight was fading and traffic was whizzing past in the distance yet the world seemed to be standing still with just her and the man she loved as they kissed long and tenderly.

It came out of nowhere and unexpectedly as they sat back in their seats watching Ellis and Celine again, still holding hands between the gear box.

“I love you Daniel.”

“I love you too Ellen. Very much. Do you think we should disturb them? We‘re still over an hour away from Glasgow”

“I’ll text Celine.”

Digging in her bag for her phone Ellen picked it up ready to text when Daniel nudged her. Looking back over to the van Ellen smiled at Celine waving to them before her phone beeped with a text.

‘OMG! He kissed me!!!! Tell you about it soon. We’re going to head off now. Safe journey x’

“That’s them leaving. Do you want me to ask her if she knows how many are helping tomorrow?”

Hearing the engine start and Daniel reversing out the parking spot Ellen texted her friend back.

‘I’m so so happy for you! I hope it was good? Do you have any idea how many people will be there tomorrow to help you build the stuff? We’re trying to work out if you need us to help too or if we’d be better getting stuff done in Glasgow. Thanks x’

‘Jack said he’d try and get some helpers but I have no idea how many. A few of the residents offered to help but other than that it’s just Ellis and myself. Genuinely panicking about getting it all done on time. Why did I think IKEA was a good place to ask for donations? I can’t even build my son’s Lego models let alone beds and sofas!’

Relaying the information to Daniel Ellen loved his little chuckle at Celine’s Lego comment as he nodded then spoke.

“Guess we’re heading back to Dundee again tomorrow then don’t you?”

Teasing her boyfriend Ellen couldn’t resist having a little dig thinking back to the first time they drove over together.

“Oh but you don’t need to worry do you Daniel. After all it’s not far is it?”

“Point taken Ellen. I’ll give you that one. I don’t think this car has ever driven as far in its life as it has this last fortnight. Good job I’ve had the best company to keep me going. Actually Ellen can I ask you a question?”

“You can ask me anything you want. I won’t promise to answer it but you can ask away anytime.”

“Haha! So how come you were the only one of us not to be bursting for the loo back at the petrol station?”

“I went at the flats just before we left. If I hadn’t of done I wouldn’t even have made it out of Dundee dry. I’d have been in a worse state than both you and Celine!”

“That’s a very arousing thought Ellen. Had you been wanting to go for a while then?”

“Absolutely! With unloading the vehicles and then moving all stuff to the flats I had no opportunity to go even though I was bursting. When I took the last box up to the 10th floor to flat 10C I knew if I didn’t go then I’d have an accident. That would have been bad enough at any time but when I’m still bleeding I knew it would have been a disaster.”

“How much longer do you think you’ll bleed for, if you don’t mind me asking?”

“It’s usually only 4 days. 5 at the most. It’ll all be over before the ship leaves thankfully.”

“You’ll be glad about that.”

“Definitely. Gosh we’re doing well now. That sign just said only 8 miles to Stirling. Less than an hour and we should be back at yours. It’s been a long couple of days. I think I’ll have a cuppa and a shower and head to bed not long after we get in if that’s ok?”

“Of course. I told you, make yourself at home. Is it still ok for me to sleep in the double bed? Ah. I just remembered I’ve got that bed settee arriving on Monday afternoon. Shit. I hope they will let me reschedule.”

“I’d forgotten all about that too. Sorry.”

“You’ve nothing to apologise for honey. It wasn’t you that booked the delivery.”

“No but I asked you to order it. I get a bit…grumpy and out of sorts when I’m due on. I’m used to living myself and not having to tell anyone about private things like my cycle. I didn’t want you thinking I had gone off you or I was smelling. I was really missing my personal space after the fire too. Living in someone else’s house just sends me right back to my years of sofa surfing. That feeling that you’re an inconvenience to everyone and a burden. I hated the thought of you thinking that of me.”

Feeling Daniel’s hand on her knee Ellen felt cared for more than she could remember.

“We don’t always have to have sex you know. I am just as happy having a cuddle and enjoying your company some days. I even got you a key cut to the house yesterday before going to see my mum. You’re never an inconvenience to me either Ellen. I’ve never been happier than since we’ve been together you know. You make me smile, you make me laugh, you make me proud and you alway always make me hard!”

Laughing at how Daniel ended what was a lovely romantic speech Ellen placed her hand on his.

“You’re a very special man Daniel Omari. So…what do you think of our Celine and Ellis? You think they’ll make a go of it or just leave it at a kiss?”

Now it was Daniel’s turn to chuckle.

“You seriously think they’d leave it at a kiss? Oh Ellen you really do make me laugh!”

*410*2024-03-23 00:45

Home and horny

It was hard to leave things at just a kiss as every part of Daniel wanted so much more. Between work and interviews and seeing his mum and Ellen at the charity shop they’d barely hugged or kissed in days and now here they were in a McDonald’s car park making out like a pair of teenagers! Not only that but as their lips had parted Ellen had just told him the most beautiful thing ever; she loved him! Sitting back in the drivers seat feeling so content and happy with his hand in Ellen’s Daniel looked over at the van smiling. He could easily imagine how Ellis was feeling as he knew only too well how he would feel if it was Ellen beside him wearing no knickers or tights because she’d wet through them in desperation. Just that thought alone made him rock hard.

Practically though they really didn’t have all night to be kissing woman as it was getting darker by the minute and time was moving on. Aware that they still had over an hour to drive to Glasgow he nodded keenly when Ellen suggested texted Celine. As Ellen bent down to reach her phone Daniel looked over again at the van then nudged Ellen to get her attention. Finally the others had stopped kissing and according to a text that Celine had just sent Ellen they were finally ready to leave. Thank goodness for that!

Pulling out onto the busy roundabout Daniel headed onto the A9 again towards Stirling as they talked together about what the plans were for the following day. Daniel had only planned on going over for the one day, and only then because Ellen and Celine persuaded him, but the last thing he needed was for 120 or so refugees to arrive in Dundee with no beds to sleep on or anywhere to even sit. Whilst the responsibility for such things officially lay with Dundee city council it had been obvious since the very beginning that they were never going to fulfil their moral responsibilities, especially with Keith Bryan in charge. Celine had done what could only be described as a sterling job in sourcing and arranging so much furniture with an extremely limited budget but the reality was now that a huge proportion of that needed building from flat pack.

Carrying on driving Daniel relied heavily on Ellen who was texting Celine for information as she read out each text word for word. He didn’t need his degree in economics to know that it would take a lot of manpower and time to build 100 pieces of furniture in just one day as it became more and more obvious that they needed to return to the tower block for another full day. Ellen seemed to agree too as they drove on for a bit further without much conversation until Daniel had something on his mind he really wanted to ask. 

Focusing on the busy road ahead as it graduated from the A9 to the M9 as they bypassed Stirling he was curious to know why Ellen had been the only one of them who hadn’t needed the toilet back at the petrol station. Listening as she talked about having to go at one of the flats before they left because she was bursting he couldn’t help but feel aroused as she so casually commented that had she not been she would have wet herself long before reaching the petrol station. Oh how he wished she wasn’t on her period so they could have sex later! His body ached to cum so much!

Driving nearer and nearer to Glasgow Daniel listened intently as his girlfriend opened up about how hard she found it living in someone else’s house as a guest. He’d never ever wanted her to feel like that at his but hearing how difficult it had been for her sofa surfing moving from one friend to another so as not to ever outstay her welcome his heart went out to her. Slipping his left hand over to touch her leg he wished he could hug her properly to show her that she was more than welcome to stay at his as long as she wanted. He loved having her and she was never ever an inconvenience in any way, though her talk of wanting space did suddenly remind him that he needed to reschedule the delivery of the sofa bed he’d ordered. As they laughed and chatted easily the time seemed to go quickly and before they knew it they were pulling down the side of his house in Hillington Gardens.

Glad to get out and stretch his legs again Daniel helped Ellen in, switching on the kitchen light and automatically asking if she wanted a cuppa.

“After I’ve been to the loo if you don’t mind. That fanta at Broxden is playing havoc with my bladder.”

Laughing he watched as Ellen walked through towards the lounge straight to the downstairs loo. The many many times he’d raced that same route after having gone all day at work without a toilet break made him smile as he imagined coming home to Ellen in the kitchen one day and her deliberately delaying him. That thought was magical and erotic beyond his dreams as he filled the kettle finding his mind unwilling to let go of the day dream any time soon. Waiting for the kettle to boil he felt his crotch to discover that the previous wet patches had now all dried in as his hand rested for a little longer than natural on his dick as he felt it harden even more. He was horny and frustrated but Ellen was tired and bleeding so he just needed to have some self control. A few more days wait wouldn’t be the end of the world, though it wouldn’t be easy either!

Ellen returned smiling as she walked right up to him to hug and kiss him, something he hadn’t expected but was thrilled at nonetheless. Making her a mug of tea he made himself a coffee as they headed through to the lounge and sat side by side on the couch just as they had done the night they watched Titanic together. Remembering that night very fondly Daniel moved his legs to the side slightly hoping to hide his erection, though just looking at Ellen and being so close to her wasn’t helping matters at all.

“Have your trousers dried in now? They were very wet when I felt them on the A9.”

“I think so. Though you’re welcome to check if you want?”

He was teasing himself and he knew having Ellen touch him would only make things worse but he longed to feel her fondle him again just like she had done in the car.

“I’d love to. I’ll never say no to touching your body Daniel.”

“Even on your period?”

“Even on my period. Actually sometimes I still get very aroused even when I’m bleeding though I don’t think I could actually enjoy sex. I still really fancy you!”

“That’s good to hear. Oh that feels good. You’re really testing my self control you are. You’ve had me hard and horny right since the petrol station when I pissed myself. I’m just glad in a way that it was Celine who peed through her knickers and tights and not you. Had you done that and got in my car without underwear having been squirming and fidgeting in desperation for ages beforehand I probably would have exploded in my pants!”

“Maybe I need to test that out one day soon then. I wonder if it turned Ellis on just as much?”

“Judging by what we saw at the services I think we can assume it very much did. Oh boy Ellen you’re pushing me to my limits doing what you’re doing.”

“So what’s the longest you’ve ever gone without cuming then?”

“I assume you mean as an adult? I think that would have to be as a teenager when I was still living at home during Ramadan. It’s a whole month of fasting and worship and praying and Muslims are expected to refrain from sex until the sun comes down. Mum was so strict and as sex outwith of marriage is forbidden in Islam she took that even further and wouldn’t allow either dad or myself to even cum once the entire month. I’m sure dad was doing it at work away from her but I couldn’t exactly ejaculate at school could I? She controlled everything and only let me out of her sight to sleep, and even then my bedroom door had to be open at all times. It got so bad I was having wet dreams by day 4 and wanking in the toilet by day 6. I know woman joke about men always thinking about sex but honestly it’s a biological need for us to get release.”

“So let me help you. There’s plenty of ways we can have fun without intercourse.”

“What do you have in mind Ellen?”

“Let me show you shall I?”

*411*2024-03-23 23:39

Ellen waits for Daniel’s bladder to fill

Moving swiftly from the M80 to the M8 Ellen knew they were almost back at Daniel’s at last as she looked forward to getting out the car and being able to go to the toilet. She hadn’t been needing that long but the pressure was getting increasingly distracting and she was keen to change to her pad after having it on several hours. With rush hour now over the traffic was thinning out as Daniel pulled off at junction 25 and headed towards Hillington. Appreciating the help to get out as her legs were stiff she followed behind Daniel as he unlocked the back door and turned on the lights. Closing the door behind her she turned to see Daniel already filling the kettle as she immediately winked at him and excused herself to use the bathroom.

Relaxing in the small downstairs loo Ellen couldn’t stop thinking back to how Daniel had been in the car from Dundee until they pulled into the closed shop at the petrol station. The way he had squirmed and taken short sharp breaths, the way his legs had tensed and he’d bounced on the seat, the way he’d asked her to squeeze his dick, was all just so sensuous and seductive and so unbelievably sexy. Then how he’d stood bent forward clutching at his crotch and the suddenness of his pee erupting into his trousers…it was so tantalising, mesmerising and so very heady as she wiped herself with toilet roll feeling it sliding over her wet and slippery vagina. Still noticing some brown blood she felt frustrated that her period hadn’t yet quite finished yet as she washed her hands and returned to see Daniel in the kitchen.

Catching a glimpse of his gorgeous brown skin and his tight fitted running top she walked right up to him from behind throwing her chubby arms around him in fondness and affection. Turning his face around to meet hers Ellen leaned up to kiss him, thrilled by the warmth of his lips against hers. Seeing the sparkle in Daniel’s eyes and his entire face light up Ellen knew straight away that he was loving her enthusiasm and keenness every bit as much as she was. Picking up the mug of tea he’d so kindly made her she followed him through into the living room sitting as close to him as she physically could and noticing that he had twisted his body to the side as if he wanted to look at her even more.

Her mind very much still on earlier events form the journey home Ellen longed to know if her boyfriend’s trousers were still wet from his accident as she remembered so fondly and excitedly how lovely they had felt, so warm and wet. Expecting just a straightforward yes or no answer her heart almost missed a beat with elation when Daniel openly invited her to discover for herself. Trying to conceal the frenzy of emotion bubbling inside her entire body Ellen winked rather provocatively as she told Daniel in no uncertain terms how she would never ever refuse any offer to touch his body. Placing her hand firmly between Daniel’s legs she quickly began exploring and caressing his nether region freely as Daniel explained how he’d been restraining himself due to her cycle.

That sense of respect and self control touched Ellen deeply as she wondered just how long her boyfriend could go before it would become too unbearable for him. From her calculations this was only their third night without intercourse but his body was very clearly feeling it as she stroked and squeezed and felt up and down his long hard penis through his joggers. He’d been so understanding of her female issues and so patient to hold off until she felt comfortable again but looking at his face she could see he was now finding the pressure too much as she gently asked him how long he’d ever gone without ejaculating.

Listening as he talked about his home life as a teenager Ellen slid her hand under the waistband of Daniel’s trousers so she could get even closer to his body. His mum sounded so domineering, so harsh, and even narcissistic as she tried to console and show support by rubbing Daniel’s penis to prove to him that she wasn’t even slightly prudish like his mother seemed. Feeling his body thrusting excitedly against her hand and seeing his eyes watering in arousal Ellen felt her skin tingle as Daniel confirmed what she had suspected for the last few minutes.

“Oh boy Ellen you’re pushing me to my limits doing what you’re doing.”

Keen to prove that her monthly cycle was just a bit of an inconvenience and not a deal breaker Ellen slid her hand out so she could use both hands to pull Daniel’s Adidas jogging trousers down, taking the liberty of pulling his underwear down too. With both items of clothing at his knees she leaned down to lick the long hard penis in front of her, giggling at the noises of pleasure this produced from Daniel. Looking up to meet his eyes Ellen grinned at him teasingly.

“I take it you enjoyed that?”

“A hell of a lot!”

“Good but I don’t want your coffee getting cold. Let’s pause to finish our drinks and then I promise to continue.”

“You are such a tease Ellen Hemmingdale! You know that!”

“Maybe I am. Or maybe I’m hoping for something else to happen soon too?”

Drinking some of her tea, keeping her eyes fixed on Daniel’s exposed erect penis sticking up wildly, Ellen looked over her mug at Daniel as he picked up his mug and downed the entire contents in one go. Putting the mug down he looked at her beseechingly.

“May I ask what exactly what you’re waiting for?”

“Well you’ve had about half a litre of cola at McDonald’s and now a full mug of coffee. I expect that’s all going to want out pretty soon don’t you?”

“So you’re not going to help me any further until I need to pee? You do realise that whilst I’m this turned on that might not happen for a while.”

“Oh. Maybe we should get a bit more comfortable then. You don’t mind if I take off some of my clothes do you?”

“I will never ever object to that Ellen and you fine well know it! That isn’t going to calm me down though, quite the opposite.”

“Maybe we just need to chill a bit. I know, perhaps we could watch something on the TV? Just until…you know.”

“I’m gagging to cum and you want to watch TV? Are you serious?”

“Yip. Just until that coffee does its job. I don’t expect it will take that long to be honest. Once you…em…calm down a little that is.”

Taking her top off and throwing it over to the arm chair Ellen then stepped out her legging and put them over by the top. Unclipping her bra to let her very ample breasts fall and widen at ease as she sat down next to Daniel again who had stripped off and was now completely naked.

“Jeez you are so sexy in just your knickers Ellen!”

Gazing at Daniel as he stroked his own cock Ellen grinned at him mischievously.

“If you cum before you need to pee then I’m not letting you leave for the bathroom. Let him calm and get bursting and I shall reward you however you wish. Ok?”

It was hard to ignore Daniel’s puppy dig eyes but Ellen picked up the TV remote and turned it on feeling very playful and aroused. The noise of a presenter got both their attention as a property programme appeared to have just started. Doing nothing more than resting her hand on Daniel naked thigh they sat back to watch as Ellen hoped Daniel’s bladder might soon signal it was full.

It was about two thirds of the way through when things finally began to get going as Ellen felt Daniel shift on the couch, though he didn’t say anything. Her head persuading her that it wouldn’t be much longer as they watched on until Daniel moved again.

“How long is this? It feels like it’s going on and on.”

“I think it finishes at 9.”

“Ah. Ok.”

Guessing her theory might be right Ellen smiled to herself as she watched the show whilst checking Daniel out of the corner of her eye. A few minutes later and he shuffled again. Shortly after that he rubbed his thigh and then one of his legs began moving rhythmically. Removing her hand from his upper leg Ellen pretended to be busy watched the TV until finally Daniel took the bait.

“Right ok. You can turn that off now.”

“Are you needing to go to the bathroom now darling?”

“Yes! Yes I do!”

“Perfect. Now we can really have some fun at last!”

*412*2024-03-24 19:07

Daniel’s struggle and Ellen’s solution

Allowing Ellen to pull his trousers and boxers to his knees Daniel sat back down really excited about what she might do next. Rock hard and extremely horny he looked down at Ellen as her thick hair waved right in front of his face and he felt her warm wet tongue licking all the way up his long thick dick. It felt tremendous and tickly, making his balls ache with desire and his heart pound in anticipation. Was Ellen about to give him oral sex? He sure hoped so as she then stripped off down to her knickers right in front of his eyes. Longing to wank himself so badly as she undid her bra and let her curvaceous beautiful breasts bounce out right in his face he let his own clothing drop off then pulled the tight running top over his head, tossing it onto the floor on top of his other clothing.

Sitting back down he anticipated so much as his mind raced and his dick throbbed. He ached to explode now as he looked at Ellen expectantly. Surely she wouldn’t leave him hanging when every oriface of his body longed to explode? Seeing a spark in Ellen’s eyes Daniel felt totally at her mercy when she suddenly changed her tune and began suggesting that they rest and finish their drinks. He wasn’t thirsty, well he was a little but that could certainly wait, but he was extremely needy for something else, something Ellen knew all about but was choosing to ignore, at least for now. Watching her naked body move and swing as she bent forward to reach her mug right in touching distance Daniel felt so aroused that he began edging himself with his own hand, still rock hard from Ellen’s licking and now seeing her naked body.

Just as he could feel things starting to pick up pace with his rubbing Ellen turned around and looked at him sternly. Warming him not to bring himself to ejaculation but instead drink his coffee it took every ounce of Daniel’s self control to obey her. Keen to get back to the job in hand he reached out for his mug and dutifully drank the entire contents all in one go. Expecting Ellen to now return to working on his sexual need he was very surprised to hear her suggest that they watch some TV. It felt incongruous with his physical need yet Daniel allowed her to lead, trusting that the wait and outcome would be worth it. It always had been in the past with Ellen, though he really did wish she’d get a move on as he felt his hard on starting to ease as the programme started.

Initially very uninterested in the programme at first Daniel found himself strangely following it as he settled down in more ways than one. Watching as the presenter showed a couple around a house they had clearly no intention of buying Daniel felt his arousal dimming but another very familiar feeling building. Immersing his concentration solely on the TV show he sensed a stirring in his body that was starting to distract him. Changing position slightly he did his best to ignore it as he watched to see the couple’s true thoughts on the house they had just viewed. Despite his interest in the drama on screen his body continued to put pressure on him until he realised that he was moving more and more and even rubbing his thigh and tapping his leg. Pressing through the pressure his mind pushed for his attention constant telling him how badly he needed to pee as he tried suppressing the feeling in favour of watching the show to the end.

It seemed to be dragging in now though as his bladder started aching and he knew he really should get up and go piss as he could no longer get comfortable. Leaning forward to stave off a strong urge he told Ellen to turn the TV off right as she pressed a hand on his knee to prevent him getting up.

“Are you needing to go to the bathroom now darling?”

“Yes! Yes I do!”

Forced to remain on the couch due to the weight of Ellen’s hand on his knees Daniel slid his hand between his leg to grip at his penis. Still with her hand on his leg Daniel felt Ellen moving as she shuffled down the couch away whilst still holding him down. Squirming and pinching himself he muttered under his breath.

“It’s really bad! I’m bursting!”

Thinking Ellen was about to stand up and let him go he wriggled on the couch urgently as she stood up and looked down at him. She was just that bit too close to let him pull himself up, which was highly frustrating, as she bend down on her knees and placed her hands on his thighs.

“Let me see him then. Don’t hide him.”

Pulling his hand away from his throbbing dick Daniel gasped as he was sure he might explode with pee until Ellen pushed her head between his legs and once again licked his aching flaccid dick. Blood surged to the area so fast it made him slightly dizzy as he felt his dick growing and thickening again despite being desperate for the loo. Mixed messages fought for his attention as he squirmed and tensed his muscles even as Ellen licked his testicles and the length of his penis.

“I really need to pee Ellen!”

It didn’t seem to elicit any response other than what sounded like pleasurable moans as Daniel twisted his body anxious not to pee all over Ellen’s face. The pressure was increasing stronger and heavier though as he bounced his bottom on the couch feeling right on the very edge.

“I’m struggling to hold this! I’m really bursting to go!”

Now feeling his entire penis being sucked in Ellen’s glorious warm wet mouth Daniel felt the strangest combination of urgent sexual desire mixed with agonisingly strong urges to urinate as he writhed and squirmed faster and harder. The supreme ecstasy he was experiencing was like nothing else he could recall as his body shook and his head spun. Rubbing his swollen bladder he felt his eyes sting with pain and pleasure as Ellen pulled her mouth out, presumably for air. It couldn’t have happened a millisecond sooner as a spurt of hot urine shot out his hard penis soaking Ellen’s thick hair.

“Shit! I HAVE to go!

“Oh baby this is so fucking hot!”

Shooting his hands down to grab his desperate dick Ellen somehow beat him to it as she immediately stroked him and rubbed him faster and faster as another longer spurt shot out. Twisting and writhing to keep it all held in Ellen rubbed faster and harder again as sexual tension increased until it overtook his very urgent desperate need to wee when Daniel yelled out in climax as he shuddered to a wonderfully strong explosion of semen shooting out all over Ellen’s face and hair. For a split second he panicked until he heard the sweet sound of Ellen’s beautiful laughter as she leaned down to kiss him deeply and erogenously until he gasped for air. Fondling the large bountiful breasts resting on his chest he nibbled at Ellen’s neck adoring having her nakedness so close to his.

Holding her close and hugging her against himself as she leaned on top of him he felt his testicles tingling again and his dick stinging as the need for his bladder to empty pounded for his urgent attention yet again. Whispering into Ellen’s ear as she nibbled on his neck seductively he hoped she wouldn’t make him soak the sofa and carpet.

“Please please can I piss now. It’s starting to hurt.”

“Mmmmm. I suppose so. Only if I get to watch though.”

“Absolutely. Let’s go!”

Feeling Ellen’s weight lifts off his chest he tensed his body trying to hold on as Ellen grabbed his arm to haul him up and pulled him across the room towards the downstairs toilet by the front door. Pushing the door open he stumbled behind her until he was facing the toilet. Letting Ellen’s hand go he stood broad footed right in front of his own toilet as he held his dick in his hand ready to finally get release. Forgetting for a second that Ellen was still in the room he took a deep breath ready to experience the high of finally emptying his bulging bladder when he felt Ellen’s body against his back and her arms coming around his side. Distracted by this movement he turned his head just as Ellen kissed his lips whilst simultaneously pushing his own hand off his penis so she could hold it instead.

With her arms around his waist holding his manhood Daniel closed his eyes and thought about the blissful relieved he was about to get. It was harder to get that first spurt out even though he was full to bursting but as his body finally relaxed enough it wasn’t a spurt that shot out but more a raging powerful waterfall as he splashed and foamed into the bowl loudly making Ellen giggle.

“Oh I think someone really had to go didn’t they?”

“I really did! Oh I feel SO much better now. Thank you.”

*413*2024-03-25 00:56

Ending the day on a positive

Forgetting that she was still bleeding Daniel’s words and his accompanying actions made Ellen feel so turned on that she placed a hand on Daniel’s knee determined that he wouldn’t just jump off the couch and go pee. He was in exactly the state she wanted him to be and she was in no hurry to change that. Wriggling off the couch she positioned herself right in front of her squirming boyfriend as she watched him fidget and squeeze himself trying to hold on. As he moaned about how badly he had to go she knelt down on the carpet and pressed her head between his legs, pushing his hands away and taking his adorable cock into her mouth to lick it and explore it with her tongue. Feeling it immediately enlarging and growing she circled the warm head with her tongue then licked from his testicles right to the top and back again watching and listening as Daniel’s body squirmed and bounced under her.

“I really need to pee Ellen. I’m struggling to hold this. I’m bursting to go!”

The more Daniel moaned and begged the hotter it was for Ellen and the more she wanted to delay him by turning him on. Taking his long dick in her mouth she began sucking steadily up and down over and over, slower and then faster as Daniel writhed and moaned. Pausing and pulling out for air she gasped as she watched Daniel’s dark thick penis shake as a spurt of urine shot out into her hair and onto her shoulders. Feeling the splashes on her body only intensified her desires exponentially as Ellen immediately grabbed Daniel’s penis and began rubbing it with her hand. It was clear that poor Daniel was beyond desperate as he bounced and wriggled on the seat even as she rubbed faster and faster.

Another long spurt shot out but this only made Ellen’s desire to make her boyfriend cum even stronger. Continuing with her rubbing she watched curiously as Daniel’s face contorted and grimaced, turning from pain to extreme pleasure as his forehead dripped with sweat and his hairline dampened. His dark green eyes shone with sexual need as she rubbed faster and faster and harder and harder from the base of his shaft to the top over and over, loving every minute, until Daniel yelled out in climax as his dick shuddered and exploded with white sticky fluid that shot into her hair and naked body bringing Ellen so much delight. Laughing at white drops running down her breast Ellen leaned in closer to Daniel, steadying her vast body by leaning on the couch, as their lips met excitedly and they kissed intently.

The kissing moved on to biting and licking as they held each other’s bodies close with neither showing any inclination of parting. Only when Daniel whispered in her ear asking for permission to now pee did she feel any desire to get up even though her back was starting to ache with leaning forward so much. Pulling herself up to stand again she smiled down at Daniel as he grabbed at his sticky penis. Grabbing his arm she hauled him up and pulled him towards the downstairs toilet determined to get to watch him go.

Pushing open the bathroom door she hauled Daniel in then let his arm go as he opened his legs and stood facing the toilet. Knowing he was about to let go she raced up behind him and wrapped her hands around his waist, searching blindly for his penis before he peed everywhere. Finding it she prised Daniel’s hand away just in time as she felt liquid surge up the length of it and burst into the toilet bowl powerfully. It had to be one of the sexiest feelings in the whole world she thought to herself as the liquid steadily flowed past her fingers and out of the tip of Daniel’s dick. He seemed to pee forever until he finally slowed and stopped with a loud sigh. Shaking the last dribbles out Ellen let go to wash her hands as she commented at how badly Daniel must have needed to go.

Drying her hands on the hand towel she looked at Daniel as he washed his hands thoroughly in the small sink.

“I think I ought to have a shower. You look like you could do with one too.”

“You can go first beautiful and I’ll clear up down here. You know where the towels are don’t you?”

Nodding to confirm she did Ellen left the toilet and headed upstairs to clean herself up. Turning on the powerful shower in Daniel’s ensuite she felt so alive and happy as she washed her body and hair then sat on the bed using Daniel’s hairdryer to dry her thick wavy hair. Dressed in only a pair of clean knickers Daniel walked into the room smiling as he excused himself to shower while Ellen continued to dry her hair. Looking over at Daniel’s Alexa screen Ellen noticed it was now almost 10pm. It wasn’t exactly late but they’d had a long day in Dundee and they had another early start and long day scheduled for the following day too.

Deciding she would be best getting some sleep she slid under the duvet thinking of Daniel all wet and warm and naked in the shower. It was only a few more minutes until he stepped out, rubbing his hair with a towel while the rest of his body was exposed and naked. Loving what she could see Ellen ogled her boyfriend as he opened his wardrobe for a clean pair of pants while scrubbing his hair dry with the towel. Hanging the wet towel on the radiator Daniel turned to look directly at Ellen in the bed.

“Do you want a glass of water or anything before bed?”

“Just some water will be fine. Thank you.”

Waiting while Daniel returned with the water she sat up to drink it before snuggling under the duvet again.

“I’m just going downstairs to lock up and put everything on charge. I’ll be back in a bit.”

With her eyes closed and the room lit only by lamp light Ellen felt Daniel more than she heard him as he climbed into bed beside her and rolled onto his side. Falling asleep much quicker than she normally did the next thing Ellen knew was when Daniel’s alarm went off at 6am. Rubbing her eyes she rolled over to hug Daniel as he rolled over to face her smiling. Letting him kiss her Ellen cuddled into his chest wishing they didn’t need to get up quite yet.

“What time are you thinking of leaving this morning?”

“I was thinking sharp. Maybe half 7 if we’re ready on time. Avoid most of the rush hour traffic. Did you check with Aran if he’s ok about us both not being on the ship? Not sure what we’ll do if he isn’t mind you. We can’t exactly be in two places at once can we?”

“True. I’ll go drop him an email now. I don’t think he’d appreciate a call quite this early. This is it though Daniel. This is the week it all happens. Well if we can somehow get 50 beds and sofas built in time that is!”

Giving Daniel one last kiss before getting out of bed Ellen turned to him smiling.

“Are you any good at flatpack by the way?”

“I’ve never tried.”

“Oh boy. This is going to be a fun day that’s for sure.”

*414*2024-03-26 00:53

Daniel remembers something vital

Feeling so much more relaxed and happy Daniel washed his hands listening to Ellen as she talked about going for a shower. Looking up at her messy damp hair he smiled remembering what was in it as he returned to the living room to tidy up. Mopping the floor and wiping the couch down he washed the mugs then headed upstairs to shower too. The hot powerful shower was so refreshing and welcoming as he yawned after a long day in Dundee. Rubbing his hair with the towel he stepped out, just as he usually did, forgetting that Ellen was in the room and would see his naked body. Walking straight to his wardrobe he slid it open and quickly pulled on some fresh underwear. Leaving the towel to dry on the radiator he returned downstairs to lock the back door and put all the phones and things on charge before returning to bed, curling up and closing his eyes.

It was so good to be in his own bed again with his warm familiar duvet. Within minutes he could feel himself slipping into unconsciousness, not even stirring until his alarm went off at 6am. Suddenly remembering that Ellen was beside him he rolled over to gaze at her beautiful face seeing her gorgeous hazel eyes looking right at him. Opening his arm to invite her to snuggle close he kissed her sweetly on the lips as they chatted quietly about the day ahead. Ellen was right, this was the start of their final week working together, the week they’d been unknowingly working towards for the last 12 months. On Thursday he’d be expected back in the office that he hadn’t even missed, returning to his previous duties of housing officer like the Adventurer II had never even existed.

Reluctantly getting up he went for a quick pee then collected the glasses he’d brought up full of water that they’d drank before sleeping. Washing them up whilst thinking about breakfast he checked the cupboards to see what was in. He was still getting used to catering for two but there was bread, some eggs, plenty cereal and some sachets of microwave porridge. Waiting until Ellen came into the kitchen he showed her the choices and opted for the same choice as her: the golden syrup porridge. Eating their breakfast at the dining table with mugs of tea and coffee Daniel felt life couldn’t get any better as they washed up, finished dressing and getting ready then left at exactly 7:30am.

The roads were quieter and it was still dark as Daniel drove the now familiar route. Chatting freely they were on the M73 then the M80 and then the M9, which quickly moved onto a simple A road as they headed north. Watching the sun rising was beautiful and romantic, though Daniel remained focused on driving as the traffic thickened quickly as they approached Stirling and headed towards Perth. Making steady progress Daniel heard Ellen’s phone beep with a text as he concentrated on the road ahead as the traffic slowed down temporarily.

“That was Celine. I reckon they’re about ten minutes or so behind us. They’ve just joined the M9. Jack has miraculously managed to round up 10 volunteers so far but he’s hopeful more will join later this morning and IKEA have confirmed they expect to be at Tulloch Court before 10am. Hopefully a few of the refugees who have already moved are available to help too. I have no idea how long it will take to build these beds but 50 is a hell of a lot to get done in one day.”

“There’s the sofas too. Don’t forget the sofas.”

Wether it was the worry of how much they could realistically do in just one day or the stress of how it would all work Daniel didn’t know but as he continued along the A9 Ellen was uncharacteristically quiet. Seeing signs for Broxden roundabout as they neared Perth Daniel patted Ellen lightly on her leg.

“You ok honey?”

“Yeah. Just trying to work out the maths. Even if between us we could build five beds in an hour that’s still going to take ten hours just to get all the beds built! It just feels so impossible. It’s not Celine’s fault. In fact if it wasn’t for her we wouldn’t have any beds at all, but flat pack wasn’t really a viable option. Not on this scale. We started with 130 refugees but then Ruslana and Nadia returned making it 132. 12 of those have already moved so that leaves us with 120, but since then we’ve lost the Kravchencos, Bohdana Kovalenko and Stepan Guru, though we’re still not sure what’s happening with him. So there’s at least 117 people we need beds for. I can’t remember how many we moved yesterday. I think I gave the sheet to Celine. I’m just trying to see if we really need all 50 beds. I don’t even know if they’re doubles or singles.”

“All we can do is our best. To be honest we’re going well above and beyond what we should be anyway. I know it sounds terrible Ellen but if any of the refugees arrive on Wednesday and have no beds or sofas then it only serves to highlight how unorganised and downright negligent Dundee City Council have been through all this. We were there all day yesterday moving donated furniture and goods and not once did I see a single person from Dundee council. Did you?”

“No. And I know you are right. It’s just..it’s just that I would feel so awful if we moved everyone and they walked into empty flats without even so much as the basics.”

“I know. Ellen, I’ve just had a horrible thought: you know we’re heading all the way over here and we only have the keys to the ground floor flats? That’s assuming Celine hasn’t forgotten them! Rob was the one that unlocked all the flats yesterday for us and he said he was handing the keys back to the council this morning. I can’t believe none of us even thought about that.”

“Shit! You’re right! I’ll text Celine and see what her thoughts are. I’ve got such a bad feeling about this Daniel! We could have been getting on with things back in Glasgow instead of wasting time and petrol driving all this way to Dundee on a fruitless wasted journey!”

“Let’s see what Celine says. She might have a plan.”

Leaving Ellen to text Celine Daniel manoeuvred around Broxden roundabout onto the M90 towards Dundee. Finally moving again he sped up to 70 as he attempted to make up the lost time again. Waiting to hear any news on things he sat patiently until Ellen updated him.

“Right. Oh you’re going to love this Daniel. So Celine had already thought about it. She emailed Keith last night informing him that there was an important delivery arriving at the flats this morning and that if someone wasn’t there with the keys to the flats by 10am she would be contacting Chris Law, the MP for Dundee West asking him to investigate what the council were doing with the millions of government funding they’d been given to support the relocation of the refugees to Dundee.”

“She did what?”

“She’s got balls that’s for sure!”

“Has she heard back from him?”

“Not yet but she’s just text to say we’ve not to worry because if no one turns up she plans to dump all 50 beds and couches in the council headquarters car park in the city centre!”

“Yikes! This could get interesting!”

“At least she’s not alone this time. I can’t see them doing anything to her with Ellis about or with us there too. Let’s hope Keith sees sense and turns up.”

Driving past the Shell petrol station at Inchmichael on the opposite side of the duel carriageway Daniel thought to himself. So far Keith Bryan had been nothing but a liability but now they had no choice but to rely on him. Without a film crew to impress or cameras to record his presence would he actually turn up? He hated relying on other people and had had many sleepless nights panicking that everyone was actually doing as they said they were to make Project New Adventure work but this felt like a risk too far.

They were almost at Dundee now yet they had no confirmation that they could gain entry into the very flats they needed to. The stress and anxiety made him sweat and feel like he needed to pee due to nerves. Even if they did manage to build any sofas and beds without keys to the flats they were useless. It was all such a mess. Such a stressful horrible mess.

*415*2024-03-27 01:19

An unexpected surprise for Ellen, Daniel and Celine

Eating delicious sweet porridge sitting opposite Daniel Ellen felt content and happy. Her bleeding had finally stopped and her hormones seemed to be settling again. Thinking about the day ahead she was apprehensive but excited as the big day drew closer and closer. Drinking her tea she looked out the kitchen window at the darkness outside aware that they really needed to be heading off soon.

Not long later she was getting into Daniel’s car as their second journey to Dundee that week began. Daniel was such a good driver, conscientious about keeping to the speed limit and mindful of braking distances. She felt relaxed and confident as she looked out the window at the stunning vibrant reds and oranges of the early morning sunrise. She’d lived in so many different towns and cities but Glasgow was the only one to really feel like home and seeing a sunrise over the river Clyde never ceased to amaze her. Unusually the traffic was moving well as they made steady progress on the motorway out of the city and towards Cumbernauld and Stirling. Wondering about Celine and Ellis she was just thinking about texting her friend when her phone beeped with an incoming text.

Leaning forward to pick it up out of her bag she read the words with great interest. Sharing the information with Daniel about what time the flat pack delivery was due and the fact Ellen had heard from Jack and he was bringing a team of helpers Ellen started to wonder just how hard it might be to build a flat pack bed and how long it might take. She’d built a few things before, always with help, and she’d watched others build things too, but it always seemed to take much longer than expected and all too often screws or parts had been missing. What if that happened today?

Trying to be practical she let her mind switch to trying to work out the most practical way to build so much furniture with the limited amount of manpower they had and the even more limited time. Debating wether they should perhaps split into teams in different flats to work or stick together in the community flats so they could help each other out her mind was preoccupied by thinking of it all when she felt Daniel’s hand on her knee.

“You ok honey?”

Sharing some of her thoughts aloud with Daniel hoping he might be able to shed light on it all Ellen listened as he tried to reassure her that none of the mess they were in was their fault. In his mind it was the clear responsibility of Dundee city council to have furnished the flats, after all, as he very astutely told her, they had received funding to do so. Ellen knew this wasn’t her boyfriend feeling annoyed at having to drive all the way to Dundee for the second day in a row but rather his ever factual, practical, competent way of thinking. He was right really, as always, but Ellen’s conscience just couldn’t allow a single refugee to arrive without at least somewhere to sleep, eat and facilities to cook. Anything less than that in her mind was simply inhumane.

Her mind still thinking it all through while she looked out the window at the countryside she heard Daniel say something that suddenly made her turn. Why hadn’t it occurred to her that the flats wouldn’t all be open? She’d been the one to speak to Rob from Claypots before they left the day before and she’d been the one he told about handing the keys over to the council. Suddenly panicking that the entire trip was all in vain she quickly texted Celine desperately hoping she already had a plan. Of course she did and hearing that she’d already contacted Keith Bryan made her feel a little stupid. It was a good job one of them had the forethought to email him! Initially smiling as she read the first text from her colleague about how she’d practically threatened Keith she then laughed at the second one and absurdity of Celine’s plan to dump the entire IKEA delivery in the council headquarters’s car park. Clearly Celine’s was in a good mood, either that or so stressed she was being silly.

Either way it made the final part of the journey more stressful and anxious as they passed so many familiar landmarks in Dundee and made their way through the city to Hilltown. Pulling into the car park at Tulloch Court Ellen checked the time on Daniel’s car: Ten past 9. They’d made good time though without the keys to any of the ground floor flats they decided to wait in the car until Ellis and Celine arrived. It was almost half past nine before they showed up, with Celine commenting at how they’d been stuck behind a learner driver right throughout the city. Passing pleasantries to each other the four of them walked towards the high rise tower as Ellis pressed a button on the intercom and let them all in.

“How did you do that?”

“The services button. They usually all work until at least 11am, some much later. It’s to allow post to get delivered but as a delivery driver it’s always very handy.”

Keen to recall this useful information Ellen nodded as Celine pulled out some keys from her coat pocket and unlocked the first community flat. Walking inside they were all talking about their various ideas of how to get organised when Ellis pointed out several cars pulling into the car park as he stood at the living room window.

“Looks like Jack and his crew. I’m rather impressed at him you know.”

Ellen smiled as Celine’s immediately walked over to the window to stand beside Ellis who placed his arm around her so naturally that it felt like they’d been a couple forever.

“There’s three cars full of them! Wow. Way to go Jack!”

Watching from a little further back Ellen fluctuated between looking at Celine and Ellis and watching the group of enthusiastic cheerful looking people approach the main door. Daniel was the only one to actually go and let them in as the noise level rose significantly at the influx of so many strangers. Jack carefully introduced everyone as they all shook hands and chatted until Daniel gathered everyone to explain what was happening. He was just in the middle of talking when Celine jumped up in excitement at the window.

“This looks like it all coming now! Let’s go get it all unloaded!”

Like a swarm of locusts Ellen joined the back of the crowd with Daniel as they made their way to the car park. Using her weight to keep the heavy security door open Ellen stood back as boxes moved past her flanked by people of all shapes and sizes and colours as an entire removal lorry full of beds and sofas offloaded from the car park to a community flat on the ground floor. Wondering where on earth it was all going Ellen held the door until the final box was taken in before joining the others in the flat.

Celine, ever the most organised person she’d ever met, had already organised everything into two neat piles with the bed boxes all stacked neatly in the living room and the sofa boxes all stored in the two bedrooms. Dividing everyone up into teams of threes she was just instructing people on the various free places they could use to build a bed each when Ellis interrupted her loudly.

“Sorry to disturb you Celine but I think you need to see this.”

Rushing to the window like everyone else Ellen stared at the fleet of navy Dundee city council vans all pulling into the car park one after the other. It was Daniel who seemed to take charge after that.

“If everyone would kindly wait here for a few minutes while my colleagues and myself see what’s going on.”

“Should we make a start on some beds?”

Following behind Daniel Ellen looked back at Jack trying to hide her concern about what was going on.

“That would be great Jack. Thanks.”

Standing outside the tower block with Celine one side and Daniel the other Ellen felt small and scared as they watched Keith Bryan get out of one of the vans and approach them looking cocky and smug.

“Oh. I see you brought your friends with you again Miss Cartier. Well I’m sure they will be as pleased to see us at work as you will. Now if you will please excuse us we have some items to deliver here this morning. I do hope your own delivery arrives in time dear. Whatever it is you are waiting for.”

Seeing Keith turn around and give a patronising thumbs up to someone Ellen noticed a flurry of activity as the boots to four vans opened in almost synchrony and men seemed to start unloading things. Without even an ‘excuse me’ Keith barged right past her leading the way as what looked like old hospital beds with metal sides and waterproof mattresses were pushed past them into lifts by silent council workers. These were followed by green, cyan and brown upright padded chairs that Ellen thought looked like they’d come direct from a hospice. With no idea where any of the items were being taken to Ellen stared in disbelief as more and more awful looking items passed her by. Trapped by the never ended stream of furniture and people she was desperate to get back to Jack as she looked at Celine beside her who actually seemed happy.

“Just leave him to it Ellen. He’s doing us a huge favour. He’ll be gone soon enough.”

Sure enough as the last item moved in front of them allowing the three of them to get back into the tower block at last Keith entered the lift himself grinning like a Cheshire cat. Closing the community flat door to prevent Keith seeing what Jack and his helpers were up to Ellen looked up at Daniel and Celine curiously.

“Did anyone else think that looked like Keith had just emptied a couple of wards of the local hospital or was it just me?”

“More like he robbed the local nursing home or something.”

“You know guys I really don’t care where he got it all from. The fact is he’s done us a huge favour. I know those beds look grim but they’re better than nothing and right now we just need to get 66 flats furnished by the end of today. I bet you anything Keith will be out of here before we know it. He’s allergic to hard work that man. Let’s just leave him to it. I’m going to check on the real workers and see how they’re doing. Just make sure if you see him to get the keys off him ok!”

*417*2024-03-28 23:49

Daniel’s theory is proved correct

Parking in the empty car park at Tulloch Court Daniel sat quietly turning off the car engine wondering what the day might bring. The building was so tall and imposing and under its shadow the car felt cold in the early October chill. Ellen didn’t seem her usual chatty self either as she appeared to stare out the window deep in thought. Not much later though the atmosphere changed as Ellis’ white van finally pulled into the car park and parked beside them. Getting the customary greetings over with they walked towards the security door as Ellis buzzed to open it. At least they were inside and Celine had the keys to the communal flats which was a good start.

Wandering around the ground floor flat they chatted among themselves about how best to get as many things built as possible, obviously ignoring the elephant in the room. They could build as many beds and sofa as they wanted but if they had nowhere to put them where was the point? Daniel was just thinking of pointing this out, very aware of how it would burst the bubble but feeling he couldn’t keep the pretence up much longer, when Ellis suddenly became very animated as he pointed out cars coming into the car park. Once again feeling like he was the only practical one there he left the flat to go and let the people in glad to see some more people but concerned too that they may end up on a false errand unless they could get the keys to all the other flats.

Following at the back of the group he returned into the living room of the flat as people began chatting and getting to know one another. It wasn’t that Daniel didn’t like social pleasantries or small talk but time really wasn’t on their side so he raised his voice as best he could and gathered everyone together. Unsure how much information everyone knew he explained about the donations arriving and that they needed to get as many sofas and beds built as possible. He was just about to put people into teams to work when Celine interrupted him to announce that the furniture had just arrived.

It was heartening to watch complete strangers working so well together with a single mission as Ellen held the security door open and Celine remained in the flat directing traffic while everyone else unloaded the large removal lorry in record time. Surveying the now very full flat bulging with boxes and people Daniel happily let Celine take over as she placed everyone in teams and allocated them building areas. People were just moving towards the boxes of beds when Ellis caused a stir, interrupting the activity by pointing out there was a load of council vans just arriving in the car park. Walking over to see for himself Daniel sensed a real unease in both Ellen and Celine as he felt very protective of his colleagues. Taking charge of the room he hushed everyone quickly then in an efficient and calm manner excused himself and Ellen and Celine so they could deal with the situation away from everyone else.

Walking outside the tower block he made sure to stand right next to Ellen as the three of them formed a line staring at Keith Bryan as he stepped out the driver’s seat of the first van smugly and aggressively. The way he spoke to Celine was rude and condescending but for now Daniel just wanted to let it go. Keith was clearly here with an agenda and with so many council staff flagging him now obviously wasn’t the time to confront him. Watching in shock as he brazenly opened the back door of one of the council vans just as others copied him the three of them stood helplessly as a convoy of uniformed men pushed right past them carrying beds, furniture and seats. Wherever they were putting them they seemed incredibly quick to be returning back to go again with another load.

Half expecting a photographer or TV crew to appear around a corner to record Keith’s ‘generous’ donations Daniel was itching to confront him about the way he’d spoken to Celine when suddenly the back doors to all these vans closed in unison and the remaining uniformed staff, including Keith, vanished into the even lift out of sight. Ellen seemed to visibly relax as the lift moved floors and she remarked about Keith having appeared to have robbed a ward of furniture from a local hospital.

“More like he robbed the local nursing home or something!”

It was out his mouth before he even realised he’d said it as Ellen and Celine looked at him wide eyed. He wasn’t really known for being so open with his opinion, especially negative ones, but the shock of what Keith had just delivered was too much. Did he seriously think it appropriate for refugees to sleep on beds with metal sides and waterproof mattresses like they were incontinent 80 year olds? Not to mention the firm, high backed chairs more suitable for a waiting room than anyone’s home! Of course the ever positive and confident Celine had other ideas though.

“You know guys I really don’t care where he got it all from. The fact is he’s done us a huge favour. I know those beds look grim but they’re better than nothing and right now we just need to get 66 flats furnished by the end of today. I bet you anything Keith will be out of here before we know it. He’s allergic to hard work that man. Let’s just leave him to it. I’m going to check on the real workers and see how they’re doing. Just make sure if you see him to get the keys off him ok!”

In the blink of an eye she was off leaving just him and Ellen alone in the hallway..

“Where do you think he’s put it all then?”

“Knowing Keith it’s probably all been dumped in one flat or something. He only wants to look good not actually help.”

“I was thinking the same. Call me cynical Daniel but it wouldn’t surprise me to find it’s all broken or filthy or unusable. I don’t trust him.”

“Neither do I. Shhh. The lift is coming back down again look!”

Watching the lit up numbers on the lift change from 4 to 2 to 0 Daniel squeezed Ellen’s hand then quickly let it go again as the doors opened. The lift was crammed with 8 people in as Daniel glanced at Ellen then walked firmly towards the men exiting the lift in front of them.

“I just wanted to thank you so much for your help today Keith. That was such an incredible donation you brought here. I am sure the refugees will be thrilled when they arrive on Wednesday. Actually before you go could we possibly have the keys to the flats? Just so that we can make those beds you so generously bought. We’ll be ensuring everyone knows where they came from, you can rest assured about that. Can you imagine the thrill on the refugees faces when they see how great their new beds look!”

“Oh not just beds Mr. Omari but expensive chairs AND bedside tables. And you really needn’t worry about the new residents knowing who donated them. It’s all been publicised in the local press. I have to say we popped into one of the flats to look around and boy will our delivery today make a difference. If it wasn’t for me that flat would be completely empty you know! I suppose if you want to waste your time putting bedding on then go ahead. You won’t get it back though. They get money to buy these things themselves you know.”

Reaching his hands out to take a plastic box full of keys from Keith Daniel was glad that Ellen was keeping quiet as he took the box quickly.

“I need those keys back by 5pm. You know where my office is. If you’re late then I will inform the police and report it as theft.”

“Yes absolutely. Understood. Before you leave though Mr Bryan you don’t happen to remember what flats you delivered to? I’d like to mention to the new occupants directly what you did for them.”

“I don’t have time to waste talking. I am a very busy man Mr. Omari. Some of us actually do our jobs you know and don’t go gallivanting across the country to places we don’t even work. I’m sure you’ll find them soon enough.”

Nodding as Keith turned and walked out right in front of him, making a show of closing the security door loudly behind him, Daniel clung to the box of keys like they were gold. Turning to see Ellen looking at her mobile he looked at her curiously.

“He’s right. They published an article on the council facebook page yesterday afternoon. Mackenzie House, a local council run nursing home closed a couple of weeks ago and Keith is being credited with the innovative idea of reusing the furniture for the council’s newest guests. You were right Daniel. He did rob a nursing home, though thankfully only after it shut. You were amazing getting those keys though.”

“I’ve only got them until 5 though. We really need to hurry!”

*418*2024-03-30 00:39

Hard labour with no break for Ellen

With Celine walking away from them to return to the other volunteers Ellen didn’t hold back, ranting at Daniel about Keith together, both unanimous in their opinion of the man who was still in the building somewhere though neither of them knew where. They were still talking about him when suddenly Daniel pointed to the lifts indicating that they were coming back down and they should return to their professional selves urgently. Standing beside Daniel in expectation of the lift arriving Ellen felt so comforted by the squeeze of her hand sensing that Daniel was aware just how nervous and stressed she was feeling.

Within seconds though he’d let go again as the 0 lit up and the doors slowly opened as if not wanting to deliver its contents. When both doors slid fully open 7 men all in identical navy council polo shirts and fleeces stepped out with Keith right in the centre standing out in his suit and tie. Making brief eye contact with Daniel Ellen stepped back as she watched her boyfriend head past the men towards the security entrance blocking it as he confidently spoke to Keith. 

Barely able to see Daniel over the others she felt her whole body shaking as she heard him thanking Keith and complimenting him, obviously trying to keep him sweet so they could get the keys. Unsurprised to hear Keith boasting at how he was yet again in a newspaper in relation to the goods he’d just brought them Ellen decided to see if he was actually telling the truth or just once again attempting to make himself out to be someone special. Checking the council’s facebook page she scrolled down shaking her head in disbelief.

Skimming through the article she felt sickened seeing Keith posing with beds and chairs as he was praised for his ‘enterprising and creative’ idea of reusing the furniture from a former council run nursing home that had recently closed. Looking up to see the men now leaving and Daniel holding a plastic box that she assumed held the keys to the other flats Ellen turned her phone to show Daniel.

“He’s right. They published an article on the council facebook page yesterday afternoon. Mackenzie House, a local council run nursing home, closed a couple of weeks ago and Keith is being credited with the innovative idea of reusing the furniture for the council’s newest guests. You were right Daniel. He did rob a nursing home, though thankfully only after it shut. You were amazing getting those keys though.”

Still digesting what she’d just read she followed behind Daniel as he went into the community flat to show his prised possession.

“Sorry for that delay everyone. You’ll be pleased to know that the keys are here finally, though the bad news is that I need to return them to the council headquarters by 5pm tonight.”

“5pm? That’s cutting it very tight. Thanks to these amazing volunteers here though we now have four beds already made. How do you and Ellen feel about moving them to some flats and we’ll start on another lot?”

Deciding quickly that that was better than either of them building beds since Daniel had already said he’d never build anything before and Ellen found the small screws so difficult with her large fingers, she walked over to the first bed frame and picked it up. It was surprisingly light and she carried it easily out of the flat and across to the lifts. Hearing Celine call to her about which flat it was she was in the lift with the doors closing before she realised she’d forgotten the keys. 

Making a split decision to just take the bed frame to floor 6 where they’d left off the previous day she pressed the button and felt the floor rising. Alone in the lift she shook her head again thinking of Keith when suddenly she was at her floor. Lifting the tall bed frame out the lift she went to lean it against the landing wall while she returned for the keys when she felt something in her way. Looking around the bed she sighed seeing most of the landing littered with large arm chairs like an abandoned waiting room. Counting 8 chairs in total she moved the bed and took the stairs to the floor below. It’s landing seemed totally clear. Returning back up the stairs she missed out level six and moved up to level 7.

Continuing up the stairs a flight at a time she quickly realised that Keith and his men had littered every single landing from floor 6 right to the top of the tower with armchairs, beds and bedside cabinets with no one item placed inside a flat despite having the keys to them all. Taking the lift from the 12th floor right down to the ground she pushed open the door to the communal flat just as a large delivery from a sandwich shop arrived in banana boxes. Waiting until the delivery staff had left Ellen found Celine and shared her news.

“Every single floor? Daniel came down a moment ago saying the sixth floor was bad but I thought that was it. I was going to suggest we all pause for something to eat and drink. We decided to do a whip around and one of the girls suggested Crusties. Help yourself before it all goes. That’s us made 8 beds so far and one of the guys had a go at making the sofas. He said they are really quick and easy. I hope so.”

“I’ll take a drink and get a sandwich when I get back. Let me just get the keys to the sixth floor flats and get that landing clear first at least. It’s a blooming fire hazard the way Keith has just dumped the stuff. Calls himself a housing officer too!”

“I’ll put a pack of sandwiches aside for you. Don’t get stuck if it’s too much. Just come get help ok?”

“Ok.”

Taking a large sip of the juice before she left Ellen dug out the sixth floor keys from the box and took the lift up. Having more to drink in the lift she scrambled around the abandoned furniture to unlock the flats then assessed what could go in each flat and moved things accordingly. It was exhausting and time consuming and thirsty work. By the time the landing was free she’d finished her drink and headed down to the ground floor with her empty bottle. Updating Celine on what she’d put in each flat she stayed down just long enough to eat a sandwich and grab another drink as she swapped the keys for the seventh floor ones and went to that floor repeating what she’d done on the floor below. She carried on like this leaving the flats unlocked each time as she mentally remembered what furniture each flat had then returned downstairs to update her colleague.

Throughout this she noticed more and more beds being built and moved as the empty boxes accumulated against the walls. Only seeing Daniel when he happened to be picking up a bed to deliver she worked on, sweating and getting more and more tired as the day went on. By the ninth floor she was starting to wilt when two of the current residents, Marselina and Yana came to help. The extra hands and company made such a difference and speeded things up so much. A text from Yana brought even more help as Vladislav, Taras and Teona came to join in too having returned from university, and finally by 4pm every floor was cleared. Thanking the students for their help and asking how things were Ellen was thrilled to hear how they were all getting on and even more so when Marselina shared with them all that she’d bumped into Dmitro earlier and that Tetyana was coming home with the baby that afternoon.

Excitedly heading down in the lift with the others Ellen said her goodbyes as they got off at various floors leaving her to travel to the ground alone. Stepping out she noticed Dmitro and Tetyana standing waiting on the lift with their new baby sleeping in a car seat in Dmitro’s hand. Hugging them both she congratulated them and cooed over the baby before excusing herself to see the others.

The atmosphere was full of excitement and satisfaction in the community flat as the final beds and sofas were leaving for flats as Ellen helped Celine tidy the empty boxes and put rubbish into bin bags.

“We didn’t get every bed built or every sofa done but looking through my list we’re now got at least one bed in every flat and something to sit on. The starter packs and food banks are delivering tomorrow. Hopefully someone from the council unlocks the flats but if not they’ll just be left in here and we can distribute on Wednesday ourselves. We did well Ellen, thanks in part to Keith. I never thought I’d say that but then I never thought a lot of things would happen this week. Did you see Ellis building those beds today? I’ve never seen someone build anything so quick in my life!”

“Where is he now?”

“He’s just helping move a double bed. There’s some taking the mattresses up too. Do you want another drink by the way? I’ve had about three of these bottles now. Actually I really must run to the toilet. I haven’t been once since we got here and I’ve been bursting for ages now.”

“I might take a bottle to keep me awake on the ride home. I’ll just go to the toilet after you too. I haven’t had a chance to go all day either.”

Letting Celine run to the toilet Ellen busied herself tidying up while she waited to pee when others began returning to the flat, including Daniel.

“Oh Ellen, I’m so glad you’re here! I’ve just noticed the time. We need to get the keys back for 5 remember?”

“I think the flats still need locked first don’t they?”

“With rush hour traffic we haven’t got time for that. It’s not like there’s anything worth stealing in them is there? Have you seen Celine anywhere? I want to let her know that we’re leaving now.”

“She’s just in the toilet.”

Watching her usually quiet reserved boyfriend knock on the bathroom door and shout through to her friend Ellen smiled to herself. She was loving this confident, bolder side to Daniel and she hoped it might stay.

“Hey Celine. Sorry to disturb you but that’s Ellen and myself leaving now. I need to get these keys back for 5.”

“No problem. Safe journey home. See you tomorrow.”

“Do you need to get anything? Your bag or anything?”

“Just a bottle of juice. I’ll get one for you too. I’ve got my bag here.”

“Great. Let’s go. Thanks for your help Ellis. Hopefully catch you again one day soon.

“Yes. Yes. That would be great. Safe journey back. We’ll be leaving soon. I just need to pee first. I’m not having a repeat of yesterday again.”

Looking at the bathroom longingly Ellen bit her lip at Ellis’s comment. She’d been the only one not to be bursting yesterday but now she really had to go and they hadn’t even left yet. That wasn’t a good sign especially with two bottles of juice in her hands for the journey home.

*419*2024-03-31 00:44

Daniel hands the keys back

Aware that time wasn’t in their favour Daniel quickly made his way into the flat where everyone was busy building furniture. Shaking the box of keys he loudly interrupted the building for a moment to announce that he had the keys they needed, though he added on apologetically that unfortunately he had to get them back to the council headquarters by 5pm.

Understandably Celine was quite shocked at this though she did proudly point out that they’d managed to build four beds already. It might not be much, Daniel thought, but it was a great start at least. Happy to support them by transporting the beds and mattresses to the relevant flats he waited while Celine checked where they were needed then rummaged in the key box for the right key. The contractors had obviously been organised and Daniel quickly discovered that each floor was colour coded making finding the keys much easier. With the key in his pocket for flat 6A he noticed that Ellen had already left with a bed as he headed out the flat towards the lifts.

Arriving at floor 6 he was shocked to find the entire landing crammed with large high backed fabric seats with one single IKEA bed leaning on top of one. Pushing the seats all to one side he managed to negotiate his way to flat 6A as he unlocked it and placed the bed into one of the bedrooms. Returning down in the lift he picked up a mattress and placed that onto of the bed then returned back to the community flat to drop the keys into the tub and deliver the next bed, stopping to inform Celine’s of what he’d discovered on the 6th floor landing. 

Assuming Ellen was doing the same as he was and they were simply missing each other in the coming and goings he carefully transported one bed at a time then returned for the mattress over and over again, always checking with Celine first where he was going and returning the keys as he went. Frustrated that every landing was cluttered with various items Keith had dumped he pushed them all to the side and negotiated past worrying that the items would still be there when the refugees arrived in two days time.

On one trip down again after completing the 6th floor he was thrilled to see food and drink which he stopped to partake of glad of the nourishment and hydration to replenish what his body was losing through sweat. Getting back to work quickly he left a bottle of water on a windowsill and took frequent gulps every time he returned for another bed or mattress. Around 3pm he returned down again to notice that several sofas were now built too but he wasn’t able to carry these single-handedly. Thankfully it materialised that they were a two man build unlike the beds which were quicker with three so Daniel had some assistance humping sofas to various flats. It felt exhausting and overwhelming but Daniel was struck by how suddenly the landings were being cleared as he returned to floor six with a sofa. Now with high backed seats, a sofa, beds and various boxes of things from the stuff Celine delivered the day before Daniel could really see the flats taking shape.

Time was starting to go quickly though and with no sign of Ellen Daniel was starting to stress. Heading back down again from moving a double bed and mattress with Jack and some of his friends he checked his watch in the lift feeling his anxiety rising. It was almost 4:30 and with city traffic he really needed to be leaving urgently. Relieved to see Ellen putting rubbish in a bin bag in the community flat hallway Daniel tapped his watch near her and reminded her that they needed to go. Checking she had everything he glanced at the locked toilet wishing he had time to go. Asking where Celine was so he could let her know they were leaving he nodded when Ellen informed him she was in the loo. Chapping on the door loud enough so she could hear over the noise in the flat of chatting Daniel shouted through that him and Ellen were leaving so they could return the keys.

Turning to see Ellen saying goodbye to Ellis and waving to Jack he pulled her gently towards the door knowing what she was like for talking and socialising. Going straight to the car they got in quickly out the cold air as Daniel passed Ellen the box of keys so he could drive. Pulling out the car park in exhausted silence Daniel indicated to turn past the indoor shopping centre and through the city centre hoping he remembered the way to the city council headquarters where they had went the first time the came to see the flats. His memory was obviously strong as he recognised buildings and landmarks and navigated through the traffic until they could see the old renovated Edwardian former printing works that were now the council headquarters. Parking as close as he could Daniel looked over at Ellen who looked exhausted and a bit uncomfortable as he offered to drop the keys in on his own.

A simple nod from Ellen confirmed Daniel’s thoughts as he took the box and ran towards the building determined to return the keys before 5pm. Pushing open the door and immediately seeing a reception desk he told the young girl who he wanted and waited while she called his office. Trying not to think about the fact he needed to pee he looked down the corridor anxiously willing Keith to appear. Several long minutes later an older gent approached him holding his hand out.

“Hi, I’m Blake Newton, a colleague of Keith’s. He’s busy in a meeting right now so he’s asked me to come down to see you. So is this the keys to Tulloch Court I believe?”

“Yes. Yes it is. I don’t mean to sound bad but would it be possible to get a receipt for them? Just for my records to prove I handed them back.”

“Of course. I’ll get Charlotte here to write you one up right now. I don’t mean to be rude but I’m actually taking my wife out for dinner shortly and I promised her I wouldn’t be late tonight. Thanks for these. I’ll probably see you on Wednesday. Keith has a load of us coming to welcome the new residents. He’s done amazing getting everything sorted for them.”

Keeping his mouth shut despite being eager to correct the man about his colleague Daniel nodded, shook the man’s hand, then waited as he instructed the receptionist to get him a receipt. Taking the piece of paper he smiled politely at the girl before rushing back to Ellen. Climbing in the car he looked over to see his girlfriend sitting stiffly with her phone in her hand.

“How did it go?”

“Keith didn’t even bother coming down for them. He sent some older guy down for them, but I got a receipt at least.”

“At least you’ve got proof you handed them in. I was wondering Daniel. I know we’re both exhausted and really keen to get back to Glasgow but would you mind making a slight detour first? I’ve been googling and there’s a big Tesco extra just a couple of miles away. I wouldn’t normally ask but I’m desperate for a wee. I’d just run in to use their toilets and then we can get on the road. You don’t mind do you? I can give you the directions from google on my phone.”

“Actually I’m really needing to go too so let’s do that. I don’t think I could wait until Glasgow. In fact I know I couldn’t.”

*420*2024-04-01 23:51

Ellen googles to find a loo

Turning around to see Ellis right behind her Ellen said a quick goodbye then waved to Jack as she followed Daniel towards the door of the flat. She’d make sure to thank Jack properly as soon as she could but right now they needed to get the keys back before the council offices closed. Staying close to Daniel she shivered as the cold air dropped her body temperature quickly and increased her need to urinate a lot. Climbing into the cold car she sat tensed upright as she pulled her belt on and took the box of keys from Daniel. Biting her lip as she stared out the window she was thinking about wether she could perhaps use the toilets at the council offices or if she could wait until they reached the petrol station on the A90 that they’d found closed the day before. Either way she knew she had to find somewhere soon as she pushed hard back into the seat and tensed her legs and thighs.

At least Daniel seemed to know where he was going as he expertly drove through the busy city centre past places she had no recollection of at all. Just over ten minutes later, which felt like so much longer to Ellen as she struggled to get comfortable, Daniel pulled into a side street close to the council offices as he turned to check if she wanted to come in. She really wanted to say yes, hoping she could ask the receptionist to use their toilets, but when Daniel looked at her with his tired eyes and tense face and said he was literally running in with the box and back out she nodded to say he should just go himself. She really couldn’t face the thought of seeing Keith again, especially if he was there waiting and might see her desperate to pee.

With the car engine turned off Ellen was surprised how quickly the temperature dropped as she wriggled in the seat looking anxiously out the window in the direction Daniel had went. They weren’t far out of the city and even on a side street people were walking about close by making Ellen very reluctant to do what she really wanted to, which was to push a hand between her legs to try and ease the pressure a little. 

Resorting to tapping her foot and changing position frequently she muttered to herself about her need to pee as she regretted not going in with Daniel now. Hoping he wouldn’t be much longer now she pulled her phone out to distract herself as she scrolled through facebook struggling to focus. Giving that up quickly because all she could think about was how badly she needed a wee she clicked onto google instead and searched for supermarkets in Dundee. Guessing all the larger ones would have a ladies she could use she wriggled around struggling to work out the nearest one until she clicked on Tesco Extra Riverside Drive . Quickly checking no-one was nearby she risked sliding a hand between her legs as she squeezed her thighs together tightly typing in directions to the store from Dundee house. It was less than 2 miles away and according to google just five minutes by car. Perfect!

Deciding it best to take her hand out from her legs she sat up tensely pushing in and out of the seat with her bottom getting precise directions on her phone when she jumped and almost wet herself at the sound of the car door opening. Relieved to see Daniel back Ellen politely asked how things had gone listening to her boyfriend talking but all the time begging him in her mind to stop so she could tell him to drive to Tesco urgently. Interrupting him at the first opportunity she swallowed her pride and confessed how bursting she was when he nodded and readily agreed to her plan. Surprised to hear that he also had to go Ellen tried to recall if she’d seen any signs of him needing but she couldn’t think of anything at all, unlike the day before when it had been belatedly obvious.

Now with her need no longer secret Ellen felt no shame is quickly sliding a hand back between her legs as she straightened her legs both out and tensed them tightly.

“Right. Fire away with the directions then.”

“Head past the Lidl right here and down towards West Port Roundabout. Take the 1st left and follow the A991 towards the train station. Continue past the train station following the road around past the Discovery museum onto Riverside Drive and you should see the big Tesco Extra right in front of you.”

It seemed so straightforward reading it out but with the rush hour traffic every little part of the journey seemed to be taking forever as Ellen gasped and wriggled and writhed. It didn’t help that an entourage of coaches were leaving the museum car park forcing Daniel to wait several minutes. Seeing the familiar Tesco sign not far ahead taunted Ellen so much as she muttered to herself.

“What was that Ellen? You ok?”

“Can’t those bloody coaches get a move on! I’m desperate to get to the toilet!”

“We’re nearly there Ellen.”

“I know. That’s what’s making it worse! Right let’s go now.”

Getting increasingly worried that she might not make it Ellen pushed her hand hard into her crotch as the car passed the supermarket before Daniel could turn into the car park. Clenching her muscles hard while Daniel searched for a parking space she rocked gently in the seat gripping the door handle as Daniel reversed into a space ever so slowly. Pressing to open the door even before the engine was off Ellen started climbing out immediately.

“I won’t be long.”

“Ellen wait for me!”

Unable to physically wait for Daniel Ellen twisted and hobbled towards the entrance only turning as she reached the supermarket foyer. Daniel was right beside her as they walked through the security barriers together looking in every direction for customers toilets. Now through the barriers into the store Ellen felt Daniel tugging at her arm as she turned to see a Costa coffee shop.

“I reckon they must be over there by the cafe.”

Noticing the security barriers everywhere Ellen sighed. It was clear that the only way they could get to the toilets now was to go through the checkouts to get to the cafe. Bypassing every aisle Ellen raced towards the self scan checkouts squeezing past the queue excusing herself to strangers as she finally reached the cafe and looked everywhere for the toilets. Finally seeing them tucked away down a small corridor she walked briskly towards them with Daniel right behind her. Standing in the corridor she pushed the handle down for the ladies turning to Daniel almost in tears when it wouldn’t open.

“What does the sign say Ellen?”

“Closed for cleaning. Please use the disabled toilet next door. Apologies for any inconvenience.”

Spotting the disabled cubicle Ellen rushed towards it panting pushing on the handle again. Just like before it wouldn’t budge though as a voice called from inside.

“We shouldn’t be long. Sorry.”

Watching Daniel turn to go into the gents Ellen marched from foot to foot no longer caring what anyone thought about her pee dancing. She just really REALLY had to pee and the only way she could hold on now was to keep on moving. Even that would only work for a certain length of time though and if the disabled loo didn’t become free soon she wasn’t sure what might happen. She was so bursting but it just felt so rude to knock the door when they knew already that she was waiting. Hopefully they’d hurry. She really really hoped so!

*421*2024-04-03 23:47

Daniel stands guard for Ellen

Following Ellen’s directions Daniel made his way past the small Lidl then turned right at the roundabout. They were on the outskirts of the city but still the traffic was heavy meaning Daniel was barely getting out of second gear. Seeing signs to the discovery centre and airport he inched along the road seeing a constant stream of cars coming out of a large car park ahead. Distracted by Ellen’s very obvious fidgeting and squirming he felt himself getting warmer and more aroused as he wondered to himself just how long Ellen had been needing to go.

Finally reaching the exit to the car park Daniel flashed his lights to let a coach out not realising that there was another four of them behind all from the same company. Feeling a little awkward as he waited for them all to come out onto the main road in front of him he could hear Ellen gasping and muttering under her breath. Turning to check she was ok he felt his dick swelling at the sight of her holding herself with one hand whilst gripping the door handle with the other while her body rocked forwards and backwards. Despite thinking it was one of the sexiest sights he’d ever witnessed he also felt so much sympathy for Ellen as he did his best to reassure her that they were nearly at Tesco.

Finally moving again Daniel followed the signs past the supermarket and around into the car park. Driving as close to the entrance as he could he spotted a space and manoeuvred ready to reverse in. Like most car parks the spaces were tight and he had to take his time moving slowly to avoid hitting the cars either side. Finally putting the car in neutral he was about to switch the engine off when Ellen had her door already open and was climbing out. Hurrying to catch her up he quickly undid his seatbelt and got out, turning back to buzz the car locked with the remote central locking before racing after Ellen. Seeing her in the foyer looking anxious and sweating they walked into the store together both looking for any sign of the toilets. Spotting a Costa coffee the other side of the checkouts Daniel tapped on Ellen’s arm to show her.

“I reckon they must be over there by the cafe.”

Like a rocket launching into space Ellen seemed to shoot off at record speed as Daniel struggled to keep up with her despite his longer legs and taller body. Watching her push through the queue at the self scan checkouts Daniel couldn’t help but smile knowing how uncharacteristic this was for her. She was clearly very desperate to pee as he excused himself and chased after her. Watching her pause at the cafe to look around he was just about to point out the toilets when Ellen must have spotted them as she waddled towards them with her thighs clenched. The corridor was short but tucked away as Daniel reached Ellen just as she was pushing on the door to the ladies. Noticing a note pinned to the door but unable to read it as Ellen’s body was in the way he pointed it out when Ellen turned to him tearfully, clearly not able to open the door.

“What does the sign say Ellen?”

“Closed for cleaning. Please use the disabled toilet next door. Apologies for any inconvenience.”

Watching Ellen as he stepped towards the gents hoping it was open Daniel saw Ellen push the handle to the disabled cubicle just as he walked into the men’s toilets. Not a lover at all of public toilets these ones at least smelled clean and they were tastefully decorated with black cubicle doors and black splash back against white sinks. Seeing the urinals Daniel shuddered at the thought of someone walking in and seeing him peeing as he pushed open a cubicle and stepped inside.

Turning to lock the door he smiled to himself at the thought of Ellen next door sitting in a cubicle doing a very long and needed wee. It was almost too nice a thought though as he fished out his penis to see it hard in his hands. Having to really concentrate to release his bladder and calm himself down he stood facing the toilet for almost a minute before a long spurt of urine burst out at last. Letting himself totally relax he released a long gusher feeling the tangible relief of having an empty bladder at last.

Taking his time to shake, wipe, tuck away and sort himself out Daniel finally unlocked the cubicle to wash his hands. Thinking of Ellen yet again his mind wandered imagining if her knickers were completely dry or not as he dried his hands under the dryer and walked towards the door. Pulling it open his eyes bulged seeing Ellen’s back as she leaned her forehead on the wall opposite and bounced and twisted her lower body with a hand between her legs. Letting the door bang unintentionally behind him as his mouth opened in awe he stared as Ellen turned to face him looking on the verge of tears.

“There’s someone in the disabled bathroom. Was there anyone else in the gents?”

“Emmm…no. It was just me. Why?”

“Don’t let anyone come in! I can’t do this any longer!”

Watching, half in amusement and half in shock, as Ellen pushed open the gents and rushed inside Daniel looked around checking if anyone saw before stationing his back to the gents hoping no one would come until Ellen was out. Hearing the lock on the disabled door turning he looked over with his heart racing as the door pushed wide open and a man in his thirties pushed out a younger but very disabled man in a wheelchair. Nodding to them politely he stepped closer to the door to allow them past as the man pushing the wheelchair stopped to talk.

“Sorry if we held you up there.”

“You didn’t…oh I think it was someone else but they went elsewhere I think.”

“Ah ok.”

Letting the conversation end even though the man was still paused as if expecting more from him Daniel looked to the ground wishing Ellen would hurry up. The man took the cue and pushed the chair away as Daniel looked down the corridor getting more and more concerned that someone might approach wanting to use the gents. Thankfully they didn’t and after a few minutes Ellen emerged from the door behind him looking sheepish but so much happier. Walking silently past the checkouts back to the car park neither of them spoke a word until they were safely back in the car and driving out the car park.

“You feel better now?”

“So much better. I only just made it. Well I was dribbling before I got my pants down but they weren’t even at my thighs when it all gushed out furiously. There was no way I could have waited for that disabled loo to open.”

“They came out just after you went in. A guy in a wheelchair with his carer. Well I assume it was his carer judging by the lanyard he had on. You don’t make a habit of using the gents though do you?”

“That’s the first I’ve used one in my life. It felt very weird seeing urinals and not having sanitary bins in the cubicles, but they were pretty clean compared to what I expected.”

Following the signs for Perth Daniel indicated to turn out the car park as he continued chatting.

“So what did you think they’d be like? I’m curious now.”

“I guess I thought the floor would be covered in pee. Men are notorious for having poor aim are they not? And I’ve always assumed urinals must reek of stale urine.”

Chuckling Daniel glanced over at Ellen feeling a huge warmth and fondness for her.

“We’re not all dirty slobs you know.”

“I guess you’re not. Thank you for keeping guard by the way. My heart was pounding the whole time I was in there terrified someone might walk in.”

“Maybe they might have enjoyed having a beautiful woman watch them piss. You know I’d love that so much.”

“I’d have enjoyed that too especially if they were seriously bursting to go. Not that I intend using the gents again mind you. That was strictly an emergency. I’d had too many bottles of juice at the tower block and no time to go. We did get so much done though. I’ll sleep well tonight after shifting ten landings of furniture into flats. Keith and his bloody half hearted effort. That man riles me so much. That online article had him made out to be some sort of saint. If only they knew the truth!”

“Unfortunately there’s a lot of Keith’s in this world. Celine is right though. He did save us a lot of work today though. There’s no way we’d have ever got 50 beds and 50 sofas build and into the flats today even with Jack and his gang.”

“I guess so. Two more days and that’s us. I reckon I’ll sleep for a week once this is all over. I’m wiped, physically and emotionally. I still don’t think it’s hit me about the fire either. There’s just been way too much going on.”

“It’s been very intense. I’m so proud of you though Ellen. You and Celine, and Aran and everyone else. We have accomplished so much in such a short space of time. If I could give you all a bonus I absolutely would. Maybe once this is all over we should arrange a meal or something for the team. A sort of celebration. What do you think?”

“That sounds lovely. Though I really don’t have much money until I get a new job.”

“I think you using the gents has sent me a bit crazy but it would be my treat. I’m going to miss everyone so much when I am back in the office. You should text Celine and see what she thinks. Ellis can come too. He’s done so much to help the last couple of days. He was incredible at that flat pack!”

“I’ll text her now. I’ll text Jack too and properly thank him now I can think straight. It’s no wonder you pissed outside that petrol station yesterday if you had to go as much as I did. I think I’m still recovering from how badly I needed to go.”

“I must confess it was very hot seeing you that bursting.”

“If I wasn’t so tired Daniel I’d definitely have been keen on some cuddles tonight. People think it’s only you men who want sex a lot. Believe me I want it a lot too, especially with you. Now my periods over I can’t wait to have fun again.”

“I’ll never say no to that darling. You make me hard just thinking about it!”

*422*2024-04-05 23:40

Arriving back late

Trying to remain as dignified as possible Ellen stood against the wall staring at the disabled toilet door willing it with her mind to open. What was taking them so long? Tensing and squeezing her thighs tightly together she closed her eyes shutting out everything else as she mustered everything at her disposal to keep her bladder at bay. Gritting her teeth she was sure even her eyes were floating with the amount of excess fluid on her body as she crossed her legs trying desperately to hold on.

Time seemed to be frozen as she slid a hand down to between her legs now jiggling around longing for the door to open. She really wasn’t sure how much more she could bear as she bent forward holding her swollen bladder in her arms. Turning now to face the wall she rested her forehead on the wall as she leant forward with her lower body twisting and bouncing and dancing feeling like any second she was going to explode. Finally hearing a door closing she turned suddenly to see Daniel standing facing her having just come out of the gents. Immensely jealous that he’d actually been able to pee she looked at him with begging eyes as she explained that the disabled toilet was locked when she suddenly had an idea.

“Daniel, was there anyone else in the gents?”

Barely waiting for his answer Ellen was already pushing the door open when he confirmed she was safe to go in. Racing to the first cubicle she saw she hitched her long top up and her legging and pants down in one fluid swoop as she bent to hover over the toilet pan. Already dribbling pee the leaking made way for a torrent which splashed loudly into the pan before Ellen could even let go of her clothing, which was only just past her thighs. Refusing to sit on the toilet for fear of what might be on it Ellen continued hovering as a long strong flow gushed out of her powerfully. Feeling so much better for the relief it brought she felt a tear run down her cheek from the tension of holding so much for so long.

Finally her stream came to an end after a final few stray spurts and dribbles as Ellen was thrilled to see some toilet roll still on the roll. Wiping herself she sorted herself out again and tentatively made her way out of the cubicle constantly on edge incase anyone walked in. Washing her hands she had a look around at the toilets for the first time. They were remarkably cleaner than she’d expected and other than the urinals on the wall, the lack of sanitary bins and the sanitary ware dispenser she often saw in public ladies loos on the wall. it wasn’t that dissimilar to the ladies in most places. Drying her hands with the customary loud hand dryer she confidently pulled the door open and felt so happy to see Daniel again.

Keen to get back to the car and out of the store Ellen walked briskly past the checkouts and into the car park. Thankfully Daniel appeared to know the way back as they chatted about all sorts with Daniel even suggesting a meal out for everyone who’d worked so hard to get project New Adventure off the ground. Texting Celine to put the suggestion to her Ellen was thrilled to get a quick reply with her saying she loved the idea and suggesting Friday lunchtime after the ship left port. Relaying this to Daniel he seemed just as keen as they chatted about possible restaurants they could go to. In between the chat Ellen made sure to also text Jack to thank him so much for all his help and to ask him to thank everyone who came too. He too text back quickly which made Ellen smile.

The journey home felt so much quicker even in the dark and before Ellen even noticed they were back in Glasgow heading towards Hillington to Daniel’s home. Hit with a feeling of warmth and security that sort of caught her off guard Ellen walked into Daniel’s kitchen feeling like she was back at home. Letting Daniel take her coat she laughed when he instinctively went to the sink to fill the kettle. It was becoming predictable but not something Ellen couldn’t cope with. Accepting his offer of a mug of tea Ellen sneaked into the lounge to sprawl all over the big couch. Her back and legs ached from all the lifting and carrying she’d done earlier the firm couch offered so much comfort and support. Feeling herself starting to close her eyes she jumped when Daniel returned with the hot drinks.

“You look comfortable.”

“Sorry. I’ll put my legs down now. This is one of the most comfortable sofas I’ve ever sat on.”

“It should be for the money I paid for it. Carry on and put your legs back up. I’m more than happy to sit in the arm chair.”

Sipping at their tea while they chatted, mostly about work, Ellen looked over at Daniel realising that she really cared about him deeply and feeling quite emotional at the thought of not seeing him all day at work soon. Sipping at her tea to hide the stray tears on her cheeks she wiped her face with her sleeve as she put the mug back down on the table.

“What’s up sweetheart?”

“I just don’t want this to end.”

“What? Us sitting together drinking tea and coffee?”

“No, the project. The refugees. The cruise ship. Working so closely with you. Everything. I don’t want any of it to end.”

“It’s such a mixture of emotions isn’t it? On one hand we are ecstatic about everyone getting a permanent home but on the other it’s sad to say goodbye. I’m sure you, more than anyone, will keep in contact with loads of them though. You can always visit too. Dundee isn’t that far away.”

“Where have I heard that before?”

Laughing together at the private joke Ellen felt so happy she could burst. So much had changed for her in such a short space of time. She might have lost her home but she’d gained so many close friend, both in the refugees and in her work colleagues, and together they had achieved what had seemed so impossible just a matter of months ago. Caught up in the emotion of the moment she couldn’t help but think about young Mykhaila and her mum. Having a sudden urge to visit Diana before the cruise ship left port she finished her tea and smiled over at Daniel.

“I know we’ve got a really busy day again tomorrow but I was thinking after work that I’d like to pop over to the Queen Elizabeth University hospital to visit Diana. The social worker picked up all Mykhaila’s things last week but all Diana’s things are still in her cabin. I don’t think it’s much but she deserves to have it.”

“Of course. You amaze me so much you know Ellen. You’re always putting others before yourself. I hope that once the project ends you put yourself first for a bit. Put your feet up, relax, have fun. You so deserve that after everything you’ve done and been through.”

“I’m not sure I even know how to do that Daniel. My life has been about survival for so long now.”

“Then let me help you. One night I can maybe put some relaxation music on, give you a massage, run you a bath, whatever you want that will make you feel chilled and happy.”

“Right now that would just be some food and sleep.”

“Here. Have a snuggle under this blanket and I’ll heat us up some dinner. I’ll wake you when it’s ready.”

“Thank you.”

*423*2024-04-07 10:18

Leaving for the very last day on the ship

Daniel felt great having Ellen for company for the remainder of the journey home. Other than the fact it was dark and a bit drizzly the time passed quickly and before Daniel noticed the time he was seeing signs for Glasgow. It still felt strange pulling down the side of his house without putting his car into the garage but he remembered in enough time to park and head straight inside. Instinctively filling the kettle as soon as he got into the kitchen he smiled at Ellen asking if she fancied a cuppa. Making the drinks Daniel was aware that Ellen had left the kitchen but it didn’t worry him in the slightest. Quite the opposite in fact as he smiled to himself thinking that Ellen was finally relaxing more and feeling able to move around freely.

Taking the two drinks into the lounge Daniel noticed Ellen lying on the couch resting looking exhausted. Handing her the mug of tea he sat down opposite in the armchair as he looked over towards her feeling full of compassion and love. She looked so beautiful even as she rested across the couch as he thought back to the times she’d shared about sleeping on other people’s sofas when she was homeless. His sofa had been an expensive purchase and was very comfortable for sitting in but his own experience a few nights previously confirmed that it really wasn’t ideal to sleep on at all. Sipping at his coffee they chatted easily about work matters when he noticed Ellen rubbing her face like she was crying.

Checking she was ok Daniel nodded as she opened up about her upset at the project ending. He totally sympathised and understood all too well why Ellen might feel like that having devoted a full year of her life to the cruise ship and all its temporary residents. Reassuring her that she could stay in touch with everyone Daniel knew that he too would be devastated to no longer be working beside Ellen every day as he gazed at her tenderly glad that at least he’d come home to her every night. With his mind wandering as they laughed together at his laid back comment about the fact Dundee wasn’t that far away Daniel suddenly turned as Ellen appeared to change the subject saying that she wanted to visit Mykhaila’s mother in hospital after work the following day.

That summed up Ellen he thought. So caring, devoted, committed and determined, though looking at her now she looked almost burnt out, exhausted and even sad. Slightly concerned for her mental heath given the stress of work and her personal life situation with no new job or home he moved the conversation over to personal care, longing to pamper his girlfriend and show her her true worth. It was getting late though and they had barely eaten all day so finishing his coffee Daniel stood up, threw Ellen the blanket to keep her warm and returned to the kitchen to heat two more of his mum’s meals up. They were both far too tired to cook or even phone a delivery and at least whatever his mum had cooked would be Halal and nutritious.

Busying himself washing the mugs and tidying the kitchen while the food heated Daniel glanced into the lounge to see Ellen almost asleep as he looked at her beautiful face peeking out over the cover. Even with her hair all over the place and her face pale with tiredness he couldn’t help but bend down and kiss her cheek softly before returning to check on the food. Making two glasses of iced water he took them both through then returned to dish up the foot. Placing the plates on a tray on the coffee table he gently stroked Ellen’s face until she stirred.

“Dinner’s ready honey. We should probably just eat then head to bed. You look shattered baby.”

“I am.”

“I am too. Best to get some food in us though or we’ll wake up feeling sick and dizzy. Just eat what you can manage. I won’t be offended if you can’t manage it all.”

Sitting in the armchair Daniel began eating his own tea as he watched Ellen slowly sit up and reach for hers. Surprisingly they both finished every mouthful as he indicated silently to Ellen to head up to bed as he washed up and headed up behind her. It wasn’t even ten pm but by the time he’d joined Ellen in the room she was already in bed lying down half asleep. Having a quick wash, teeth brush, and pee Daniel then joined her, falling asleep quickly and not stirring until his Alexa woke him at 6:30am. Leaving Ellen to sleep on a bit longer he used the bathroom, showered and dressed and started on some breakfast for them both before work.

An hour later and Ellen was still asleep so Daniel gently woke her knowing she wouldn’t want to be late on their last even day on the Adventurer II. She was quick to shower and get dressed as he filled the washer dryer with clothes and towels and turned it on. Taking her hand as they were about to leave he leaned down to kiss her.

“This is it. Our last ever day on the cruise ship. Are you ready for this?”

“I think I’m going to need tissues Daniel.”

Pulling Ellen into his arms Daniel held her tight.

“I reckon we’ll be too busy to cry today. Come find me if you ever need a hug though. Promise me?”

“I promise. Daniel, will you come with me to visit Diana tonight? I’m not sure I can face it alone.”

“Of course I will. So are you wanting to take your own car or just come in mine?”

“I think I’d like us to go together please. I kind of like you Daniel Omari.”

“You only like me Ellen Hemmingdale?”

“Well maybe it’s a bit more than like. I think we should be leaving don’t you?”

*424*2024-04-08 23:40

On way for the final time

Snuggling under the blanket Ellen rested her head on a cushion on the arm of the couch feeling her eyes closing as her entire body rested. Drifting to sleep she felt a gentle hand stroking her face and woke to see Daniel’s face next to hers. Immediately smiling even as she came to her stomach groaned as he mentioned that dinner was ready. Sitting up to eat she still felt barely awake as she forked the food into her mouth not even caring what she was eating. Washing it down with a glass of water she was surprised how quickly the plate was empty as she looked over towards Daniel on the arm chair still finishing his off.

It was as if he could read her mind as his eyes looked up towards the staircase as his finger pointed in the same direction silently giving her permission to head up to bed. Passing the bathroom at the top of the stairs she popped in for a final wee and tooth brush before stripping her sweaty clothes off and climbing into bed in just her knickers. Curling under the duvet she quickly found herself drifting back to sleep again as the exhaustion of the day caught up with her body.

Completely unaware of Daniel coming to bed or getting up again she awoke once again to gently fingers stroking her cheeks and a sweet voice calling her name. Totally obvious to the time she jumped up in shock when Daniel informed her it was just after half past seven. Suddenly remembering about work she jumped out of bed quickly, did a long much needed pee then rushed into the shower. Speeding through washing her hair and body she slid Daniel’s wardrobe open to pull out the first top and leggings she had and quickly got dressed. Rubbing her hair with the towel she skipped the hairdryer for speed, even though she knew this would accentuate her natural waves, then headed downstairs for something to eat.

Within twenty minutes she was downstairs in the kitchen ready to leave feeling much more awake. Pulling her bag onto her shoulder she glanced over at Daniel as he walked towards her holding his hand out to take hers. With their eyes meeting her heart shuddered as Daniel leaned down to kiss her on the lips. The touch of his body, his smell and his warmth were so familiar now yet still so alluring and appealing. There was something so delightful about Daniel, so comforting and soothing, that made her feel quite emotional. That was only increased exponentially when Daniel pulled his lips away and spoke directly to her.

“This is it. Our last ever day on the cruise ship. Are you ready for this?”

“I think I’m going to need tissues Daniel.”

Feeling her eyes welling up already Ellen felt so happy when Daniel pulled her in and held her close. Her mind full of everything she had to face on her last ever day on the Adventurer II she couldn’t help but feel like crying thinking of Mykhaila and the times she’d spent the night with her on the ship. Wondering how she was doing she felt overcome with guilt at still not getting to visit Diana in hospital as much as she’d planned to. Aware how emotional she already was she cuddled her face into Daniel’s chest as she hoped he would still hear her.

“Will you come with me to visit Diana tonight? I’m not sure I can face it alone.”

Daniel’s quick response combined with his genuine care and concern for her touched her deeply. Despite the fact he’d had two very long busy days driving back and forth to Dundee he was still happy to come with her as he went on to ask her if she wanted to take her car to the ship. Ellen hadn’t even thought of that, wanting to be as close to Daniel as she could rather than feeling alone and vulnerable. Looking up at Daniel she felt caught by how deeply she felt for him. Asking to go with him she felt her heart pounding as she added on the end automatically.

“I kind of like you Daniel Omari.”

Of course he quipped back in true Daniel humour jesting with her and teasing her, questioning if she only liked him. It really was much much more than that now and they both knew it, yet still Ellen felt shy about saying it out loud. Changing the subject by suggesting they leave she loved how Daniel winked and smiled at her as if he knew exactly what she wanted to say but didn’t. Taking her hand again he lead her outside, only letting it go to lock the door behind them. Opening the car door for her Ellen climbed in and put her belt on as Daniel stepped in beside her and immediately rested his hand on her knee.

“I used to dream about you sitting beside me in my car like this. Back when I was still in the office and you were on the ship. Every time my phone went I would hope it was you wanting to pressure me into finding some miracle accommodation for another refugee or calling to tell me new information that you hoped might prioritise one of them that bit more, like Dmitro and Tetyana’s pregnancy. You had no idea that I was frantically fighting the powers that be higher up to get something big sorted out. I always hoped that might be in Glasgow and when I found out Archie was making a deal with Dundee city council the very first person I thought about was you. I knew you’d hate it and I was right. God how I loved hearing you give them all what for in that meeting three weeks ago. Id have let you go further except I was frozen in fear, sick with the guilt that I was complacent in getting the deal finalised.

Seeing you that night and sitting right beside you made my mouth dry and my body sweat. I wish I had told you sooner how beautiful you are, how amazing you look and how wonderful you are in every way. The thing about you though Ellen is that I honestly thought you just saw me as a colleague and nothing more. You are so good at keeping your true feelings secret. Today though honey, on our last day working together and your last ever day on the ship, I just want to say that it’s ok to get upset or stressed or frustrated, or however else you might feel. Don’t bottle everything up today darling. I can assure you we’ll all be feeling it today ok?”

Digging into her bag for a tissue Ellen dabbed at her wet eyes. Keeping her feelings and emotions to herself had become second nature, a way of preserving herself and protecting herself from hurt. She’d recognised the very same traits in so many of the refugees as they tried to forget and heal from major trauma and upheaval. She only hoped this lastest move wouldn’t set any of them back again.

“Thanks but if we don’t start making our way there the ship will be sailing away before we get there!”

Hearing the engine start Ellen dabbed at her eyes again. This morning Ihor, Bakai and Yan would be heading out to their nursery for the very last time and Katya, Faddei, Fadeyka, and the Shevchuk twins Liliya and Larysa would all be attending Pirie Park primary for their final day. With Mykhaila and Nadia they had been the final ten children left on the ship but now with baby Marichka born in Dundee just a matter of days ago it would be like a brand new start for them all.

If only she could be there to watch them grow up, finally in their own homes safe from bombs and war and surrounded by their own people in a community where they could play and learn and have fun in the security of not being made to move again.

That was all she’d ever wanted for all the refugees and secretly all she’d ever wanted for herself too.

*425*2024-04-10 23:11

Daniel’s last morning on the Adventurer II

Ellen wasn’t the only one feeling emotional as Daniel reached for Ellen’s hand to lead her out to the car. Opening her door like a true gentleman he waited for her to get in then walked around his car to climb in himself. Turning to look at Ellen he felt choked up with so much he wanted to tell her. Reaching out to place his hand fondly on her thigh he just had to tell her how much he used to look forward to her calls before he was seconded to the ship and how he’d liked her for so long. Being with her now was like his best dreams coming true and the thought of no longer working with her made him feel so sad and low. There really wasn’t anyone else quite like Ellen with her passion, commitment and enthusiasm. The way she cared for others, even going to visit refugees in hospital long after her working day was over, was second to none. The only tiny thing he could find fault with the beautiful woman beside him was that she never ever put herself first.

Reassuring Ellen that she wouldn’t be the only tearful and emotional person on the ship he hoped she knew just how huge today was for him too. He might not have such a personal bond with each ship resident as Ellen clearly had but for weeks now the project had become his entire life and letting it go wouldn’t be easy for anyone. Wiping his eyes he moved his hand finally onto the steering wheel as he reversed the car down the side of the house onto the road. Driving the familiar route to King George V port neither of them spoke much, both absorbed by their own thoughts about the day ahead. Parking in the car park Daniel was able to find a space very close to the gangway as they both got out the car and paused, gazing up at the huge cruise ship dominating the port.

“I remember thinking how luxurious this was when I first came for a tour last year.”

“I remember crying in shock when I first set foot inside. These ships were never build to be long term accommodation Daniel. They are fabulous for what they were designed for: short term holidays, but not for housing over a thousand refugees in tiny cabins with nothing to do all day and none of the facilities that a ship like this specialises in for its usual holiday makers. The lack of fresh air, the cramped conditions and the inability for people to be independent and autonomous is so destructive to people’s mental and physical health. I have loved working with the people on board so much but the accommodation? Not so much. I guess we’d better get on board for one last time though. Race you to the top of the gantry!”

Laughing at Ellen’s childish excitement Daniel walked briskly trying to catch her, dodging between residents coming down as he was going up. Signing in he looked up from the desk to see Ellen racing over towards Aran who looked like he’d grown several more grey hairs in the two days they’d been in Dundee. Heading over to join them he could hear Aran talking even before he reached him.

“Oh Ellen! I’m so glad you’re back! It’s been pandemonium here the last two days! Myroslavas been in tears saying she won’t have any money when she moves because she’s had to leave her job, Varya fell in the canteen yesterday and she’s now on crutches, which as you can imagine is a disaster with her cerebral palsy, Yakiv is going crazy about Mylana’s next scan and blood tests which he reckons are due next week and it looks like Stepan Guru will be moving after all as he’s been let out on bail! Loads of them are saying they need bags to put their belongings in and I’ve had numerous people telling me they now don’t want to move!”

“Jings, it’s been eventful then!”

“You could say that! Oh and I’ve just remembered that Katya asked me to give you this. The school is doing a wee goodbye assembly today for the kids and she wants you to go. I told her you’d probably be too busy but I promised I’d give you it anyway.”

Seeing Aran hand Ellen a letter Daniel leaned over to read it as Ellen held it up. He was still reading it when Celine joined them, quietly noticing that they were busy looking at something.

“Everything OK guys?”

“Oh hey Celine! It’s just a letter from Pirie Primary inviting friends and family to a goodbye assembly this morning for the refugee kid’s last day.”

“It probably won’t last long. I’d really like to go. It’s not until 10am so I’ll walk down later. The fresh air will clear my head a bit too. Anyway, how are you this morning? What time did you eventually get home last night?”

“It wasn’t too late. About half 8 ish. Ellis didn’t leave until nearer 10 though.”

“You invited him in?”

“It was just a coffee Ellen! Well he came in to use my bathroom initially. Poor guy was near having an accident. I thought he’d appreciate a coffee after the long drive.”

“He’s obviously a pretty slow drinker!”

Feeling Celine nudge him teasingly and seeing her blush Daniel knew he’d better quit before he said any more. Spying a free work desk he excused himself to set up his laptop leaving the others to catch up for a bit. Logging into his emails he started reading them before thinking that a coffee was in order for himself. Making himself one he automatically went to make Ellen a tea before realising she’d disappeared. Sighing knowing she’d already be off checking on all the various residents he settled for his single cup of coffee and returned to his laptop. Glad to see confirmation of the coaches for the following day he updated some more files then carried on working through his emails sorting final arrangements and tying up loose ends.

He’d almost finished his coffee when Ellen called by saying she was off to the primary school and that she’d be back before lunch. Arranging to meet her in their usual place at 12:30 he returned to his work until he was interrupted by Aran who had a question from one of the residents about internet in Tulloch Court. Discussing with his colleague various options Aran left to find the resident and update them leaving Daniel to plough throw the pile of work he needed to complete while all around him life on the cruise ship seemed to continue like there was nothing different about the day at all.

Glancing up he caught sight of poor Varya struggling on her crutches with her husband Oleksandr by her side. Wondering how she’d cope with the big move he consoled himself thinking of the lifts at Tulloch Court and hoping some of the others might help the young family with their belongings. His thoughts disturbed by his mobile ringing he picked it up to answer it, sighing as he noticed his boss’s name on screen.

“Oh hi Daniel. How’s things?”

“Not too bad thanks. Got pretty much everything in place for tomorrow. Is this about me coming back to the office on Thursday?”

“I’m afraid not Daniel. I’m sorry to have to tell you this but I’ve had yet another complaint about you this morning.”

“A complaint about me? What on earth about?”

“Our good friend Keith Bryan has been in contact with me again. Apparently you’ve been in Dundee this week at the tower block?”

“Yes I have. We’ve been trying to get the flats ready for tomorrow. Why?”

“Didn’t I tell you just last week to leave Dundee city to get on with their end and concentrate on your work in Glasgow? Keith is at the tower block this morning demanding to know why one of the ground floor flats is full of boxes in every room and where all the furniture he apparently brought over has been put? He’s not a happy man at all Daniel and he seems to think you are to blame.”

“I can explain everything Archie. To start with one of the team here has been exceptional at sourcing furniture. She struck up deals with a number of big name suppliers and even secured thousands of pounds worth of donations from IKEA. She also gathered donations from the community and a number of us volunteered to go over to Dundee on Sunday there to take it all over. IKEA couldn’t deliver until yesterday so we returned again yesterday to build flat pack beds and sofas and move them into the flats. I have to stress Archie that Dundee haven’t done anything at all. All 84 flats were totally bare. Not even a bed for the residents to sleep on. I couldn’t exactly ignore that and my conscience would not allow me to put over 100 people from here into coaches and dump them somewhere where they didn’t even have a bed to sleep on. There’s kids here Archie! Young kids! What was I meant to do?”

“So you took it upon yourself to override my instructions and act like some superhero? And what about this furniture Keith is moaning to me about? I assume he’s turned up with beds and wardrobes and tables and the likes and found you’ve filled the flats causing Dundee a massive problem?”

“Not at all. I’ll drop you a link via email but essentially Mr Bryan has simply taken excess used furniture from a recently closed nursing home and repurposed it for the flats. It’s highly inappropriate and inadequate and nowhere near enough for the amount of flats and residents either. He turned up yesterday with four vans and quite literally dumped everything on six floors of the tower block. Not even in the flats either. It was all left on the landings causing a fire hazard and blocking entry to the flats. For everyone’s safety we had no choice but to move it all. I can send you over a list of exactly what is in each flat if you’d like. I’ve kept comprehensive spreadsheets for everything. It’s all there Archie. I promise you that.”

“This is now the third complaint I’ve had concerning you Daniel since I placed you on this project. All I can say at this stage is that things are not looking good. After tomorrow I think it would be for the best if you stay away from Dundee for a long time to come. You’re not intending going over there tomorrow again are you? From what I hear the place will be swarming with media as I’ve already been asked for some quotes and interviews. I wouldn’t put it past this Keith guy to use that as an opportunity to publicly express his distain for you.”

“I haven’t discussed tomorrow’s arrangements yet with the team but I think a couple of them had suggested travelling over as a sort of hand over type thing. Some of us will have to remain here though to ensure everything is closed up and cleared.”

“Well make sure that is you. In fact once you have done all that I’d like you to come into the office in the afternoon and meet with me. We need to discuss your new case load and working arrangements. Stay away from Dundee. You hear me? See you at 1:30 in my office tomorrow, sharp.”

*426*2024-04-13 10:47

Apologies that the pace of this has slowed somewhat. I was away from home with very patchy internet for a few weeks. From tonight things should return to 5/6 chapters a week.

*427*2024-04-13 23:36

Ellen heads to the school

Staring out the window of Daniel’s car Ellen’s thoughts were all over the place. How could this possibly be her last official day on the Adventurer II? It hardly seemed possible, but yet the youngest guest, little Ihor, had just been a baby in his mother’s arms when the refugees had just arrived and now he was a funny smart two year old! Bakai wasn’t much older either and now he was running around the ship and even at nursery giving his mother Varya and father Oleksandr a much needed break and time to rest. Trying to imagine them both running around the community garden planned for the space where the other tower blocks had once stood in Dundee Ellen hoped with all her heart that their families would settle and the young boys would grow up free from war and terror.

Lost in her thoughts she blinked as Daniel pulled into the car park by the ship, its huge shadow making the entire inside of the car feel cold and dark. Getting out and staring up at the huge imposing ship Ellen wondered where it might go next and who might stay on board as it travelled from country to country. Glancing over at Daniel, who seemed to be lost in his own thoughts too as he looked towards the wooden gangway leading up onto the ship, Ellen was surprised to hear him talking about how luxurious he’d found the ship when he first went on board. Staring at him in disbelief she had to tell him exactly how she’d felt, which in so many ways was the exact opposite of what he had. Where he’d seen an abundance of freshly made food she’d seen people’s independence stripped away. Where he’d seen cute cosy cabins she’d seen claustrophobic living conditions. Where he’d seen perfect temporary housing she’d seen cramped conditions detrimental to people’s mental and physical health.

Grateful that at least her rant was more cathartic in nature now that everyone was moving away she sighed and determined herself to make the most of her final day. Smiling she looked over at Daniel and decided to tease him by racing him to be first on the ship.

Despite her weight and size Ellen wasn’t too shocked to win having never seen Daniel run in all the months she’d worked with him. He was too dignified, too officious, to ruin his suit and tie by running but with his longer legs Ellen knew he was still probably right behind her already. Signing in for the final time Ellen felt giddy with trepidation as she looked around for a familiar face to cling to. Seeing Aran she walked briskly towards him grateful for his friendly face. He seemed just as keen to see her, if not keener, as he updated her on the affairs of the ship since she’d last been there on Friday. With over 100 people still on board there was always something going on but hearing Aran’a exasperated voice Ellen knew already that things had been even more intense than normal. Taking a mental note of all the names he mentioned she was just thinking of looking for some of them when he handed her a letter.

Holding it up to read with Daniel beside her she moved the letter more towards him so he could read too as she scanned it quickly to see what it said. Hearing Celine as she walked up to them she looked up as Daniel shared the contents of the letter with their colleague.

“Everything ok?”

“Oh hey Celine! It’s just a letter from Pirie Primary inviting friends and family to a goodbye assembly this morning for the refugee kid’s last day.”

“It probably won’t last long. I’d really like to go. It’s not until 10am so I’ll walk down later. The fresh air will clear my head a bit too. Anyway, how are you this morning? What time did you eventually get home last night?”

Smiling at her friend as she blushed shari about Ellis staying at hers for a few hours Ellen guessed that things were progressing well. Of course Celine was adamant it was just a coffee, though Ellen was pretty sure it might have been more. Hoping to get some time to chat with her privately about it later she nodded to Daniel as he excused himself to go work as she checked in with Aran more to work out who to call in to see first. Deciding on Yakiv and Mylana she thought back to her recent conversations with the couple as she walked towards their cabin on the second floor. Knocking their door she pushed it open tentatively to find them both inside wedged together on the tiny couch watching TV. With Mylana’s bump growing by the day Ellen walked over to them as Yakiv turned the TV down.

Taking the time to really listen to them as they both became emotional about Mylana’s antenatal care Ellen reached out her hand to take Mylana’s.

“Everything will be ok. I promise you both. We’ll get you enrolled with a new doctor this week and your notes are all here. Look! You take this with you so wherever you are seen they know all your details. There’s an excellent maternity hospital in Dundee too. How about I give the midwives a call and see if they can pop around today to check you over and make sure everything is ok? I can’t promise there will be someone available but I’ll do my very best. Are you eating ok and feeling ok?”

“She’s been getting tired and teary and getting a burning here..”

Watching as Yakiv pointed to his upper chest Ellen nodded.

“Indigestion. I’m heading out this morning to an assembly at the nearby school. I’ll pick you up some heartburn medicine on the way back. It’s perfectly safe to take in pregnancy so don’t worry. I expect the nurse will be in today for her last day too. If you’re worried I’m sure she’d check you over too. I’ll pop back with the medicine later today. Just rest as much as you can. You’ve both got a very busy day tomorrow.”

Excusing herself from them, content that they were both fine, Ellen was just making her way to see Oleksandr and Varya when she noticed Stepan. Running after him she blocked his way in the corridor forcing him to speak to her. In a mixture of Ukrainian and English Ellen just about made out that he had been shoplifting for a while. It wasn’t something she ever felt she’d justify but seeing the lost look in his eyes she knew he’d only been doing it as a means of survival. Alone in a strange country, penniless and scared, still just a teenager all on his own Ellen longed to sweep him up and mother him as she threw her arms around his skinny frame and told him to pack up for the move. Seeing him nodding she was about to make her way to check on Varya when she noticed the time.

Heading back downstairs via the canteen to grab a take away tea she paused to tell Daniel that she was leaving just long enough for them to quickly arrange a lunch meeting before she signed out and headed down Renfrew Street sipping at her tea as she walked. Enjoying the fresh air she noted the busy roads and industrial buildings as she shook her head thinking of the poor Shevchuk twins walking the same way all alone after school. Really hoping their young mum would be more responsible in Dundee she kept a close eye on the time as she finished her tea and disposed of the cup in a small bin as she turned down Kennedar Drive towards the school.

Walking around the side of the Park Villa community sports hub with its new built joint campus with the primary school Ellen brushed herself down and ran her fingers through her hair. The walk had been refreshing and reviving but the cup of tea probably hadn’t been her best idea as she buzzed the school entry wondering if she had the courage to ask to use their toilet.

