The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 17

Author: Mbgpeelover

*414*2024-03-26 00:53

Daniel remembers something vital

Feeling so much more relaxed and happy Daniel washed his hands listening to Ellen as she talked about going for a shower. Looking up at her messy damp hair he smiled remembering what was in it as he returned to the living room to tidy up. Mopping the floor and wiping the couch down he washed the mugs then headed upstairs to shower too. The hot powerful shower was so refreshing and welcoming as he yawned after a long day in Dundee. Rubbing his hair with the towel he stepped out, just as he usually did, forgetting that Ellen was in the room and would see his naked body. Walking straight to his wardrobe he slid it open and quickly pulled on some fresh underwear. Leaving the towel to dry on the radiator he returned downstairs to lock the back door and put all the phones and things on charge before returning to bed, curling up and closing his eyes.

It was so good to be in his own bed again with his warm familiar duvet. Within minutes he could feel himself slipping into unconsciousness, not even stirring until his alarm went off at 6am. Suddenly remembering that Ellen was beside him he rolled over to gaze at her beautiful face seeing her gorgeous hazel eyes looking right at him. Opening his arm to invite her to snuggle close he kissed her sweetly on the lips as they chatted quietly about the day ahead. Ellen was right, this was the start of their final week working together, the week they’d been unknowingly working towards for the last 12 months. On Thursday he’d be expected back in the office that he hadn’t even missed, returning to his previous duties of housing officer like the Adventurer II had never even existed.

Reluctantly getting up he went for a quick pee then collected the glasses he’d brought up full of water that they’d drank before sleeping. Washing them up whilst thinking about breakfast he checked the cupboards to see what was in. He was still getting used to catering for two but there was bread, some eggs, plenty cereal and some sachets of microwave porridge. Waiting until Ellen came into the kitchen he showed her the choices and opted for the same choice as her: the golden syrup porridge. Eating their breakfast at the dining table with mugs of tea and coffee Daniel felt life couldn’t get any better as they washed up, finished dressing and getting ready then left at exactly 7:30am.

The roads were quieter and it was still dark as Daniel drove the now familiar route. Chatting freely they were on the M73 then the M80 and then the M9, which quickly moved onto a simple A road as they headed north. Watching the sun rising was beautiful and romantic, though Daniel remained focused on driving as the traffic thickened quickly as they approached Stirling and headed towards Perth. Making steady progress Daniel heard Ellen’s phone beep with a text as he concentrated on the road ahead as the traffic slowed down temporarily.

“That was Celine. I reckon they’re about ten minutes or so behind us. They’ve just joined the M9. Jack has miraculously managed to round up 10 volunteers so far but he’s hopeful more will join later this morning and IKEA have confirmed they expect to be at Tulloch Court before 10am. Hopefully a few of the refugees who have already moved are available to help too. I have no idea how long it will take to build these beds but 50 is a hell of a lot to get done in one day.”

“There’s the sofas too. Don’t forget the sofas.”

Wether it was the worry of how much they could realistically do in just one day or the stress of how it would all work Daniel didn’t know but as he continued along the A9 Ellen was uncharacteristically quiet. Seeing signs for Broxden roundabout as they neared Perth Daniel patted Ellen lightly on her leg.

“You ok honey?”

“Yeah. Just trying to work out the maths. Even if between us we could build five beds in an hour that’s still going to take ten hours just to get all the beds built! It just feels so impossible. It’s not Celine’s fault. In fact if it wasn’t for her we wouldn’t have any beds at all, but flat pack wasn’t really a viable option. Not on this scale. We started with 130 refugees but then Ruslana and Nadia returned making it 132. 12 of those have already moved so that leaves us with 120, but since then we’ve lost the Kravchencos, Bohdana Kovalenko and Stepan Guru, though we’re still not sure what’s happening with him. So there’s at least 117 people we need beds for. I can’t remember how many we moved yesterday. I think I gave the sheet to Celine. I’m just trying to see if we really need all 50 beds. I don’t even know if they’re doubles or singles.”

“All we can do is our best. To be honest we’re going well above and beyond what we should be anyway. I know it sounds terrible Ellen but if any of the refugees arrive on Wednesday and have no beds or sofas then it only serves to highlight how unorganised and downright negligent Dundee City Council have been through all this. We were there all day yesterday moving donated furniture and goods and not once did I see a single person from Dundee council. Did you?”

“No. And I know you are right. It’s just..it’s just that I would feel so awful if we moved everyone and they walked into empty flats without even so much as the basics.”

“I know. Ellen, I’ve just had a horrible thought: you know we’re heading all the way over here and we only have the keys to the ground floor flats? That’s assuming Celine hasn’t forgotten them! Rob was the one that unlocked all the flats yesterday for us and he said he was handing the keys back to the council this morning. I can’t believe none of us even thought about that.”

“Shit! You’re right! I’ll text Celine and see what her thoughts are. I’ve got such a bad feeling about this Daniel! We could have been getting on with things back in Glasgow instead of wasting time and petrol driving all this way to Dundee on a fruitless wasted journey!”

“Let’s see what Celine says. She might have a plan.”

Leaving Ellen to text Celine Daniel manoeuvred around Broxden roundabout onto the M90 towards Dundee. Finally moving again he sped up to 70 as he attempted to make up the lost time again. Waiting to hear any news on things he sat patiently until Ellen updated him.

“Right. Oh you’re going to love this Daniel. So Celine had already thought about it. She emailed Keith last night informing him that there was an important delivery arriving at the flats this morning and that if someone wasn’t there with the keys to the flats by 10am she would be contacting Chris Law, the MP for Dundee West asking him to investigate what the council were doing with the millions of government funding they’d been given to support the relocation of the refugees to Dundee.”

“She did what?”

“She’s got balls that’s for sure!”

“Has she heard back from him?”

“Not yet but she’s just text to say we’ve not to worry because if no one turns up she plans to dump all 50 beds and couches in the council headquarters car park in the city centre!”

“Yikes! This could get interesting!”

“At least she’s not alone this time. I can’t see them doing anything to her with Ellis about or with us there too. Let’s hope Keith sees sense and turns up.”

Driving past the Shell petrol station at Inchmichael on the opposite side of the duel carriageway Daniel thought to himself. So far Keith Bryan had been nothing but a liability but now they had no choice but to rely on him. Without a film crew to impress or cameras to record his presence would he actually turn up? He hated relying on other people and had had many sleepless nights panicking that everyone was actually doing as they said they were to make Project New Adventure work but this felt like a risk too far.

They were almost at Dundee now yet they had no confirmation that they could gain entry into the very flats they needed to. The stress and anxiety made him sweat and feel like he needed to pee due to nerves. Even if they did manage to build any sofas and beds without keys to the flats they were useless. It was all such a mess. Such a stressful horrible mess.

*415*2024-03-27 01:19

An unexpected surprise for Ellen, Daniel and Celine

Eating delicious sweet porridge sitting opposite Daniel Ellen felt content and happy. Her bleeding had finally stopped and her hormones seemed to be settling again. Thinking about the day ahead she was apprehensive but excited as the big day drew closer and closer. Drinking her tea she looked out the kitchen window at the darkness outside aware that they really needed to be heading off soon.

Not long later she was getting into Daniel’s car as their second journey to Dundee that week began. Daniel was such a good driver, conscientious about keeping to the speed limit and mindful of braking distances. She felt relaxed and confident as she looked out the window at the stunning vibrant reds and oranges of the early morning sunrise. She’d lived in so many different towns and cities but Glasgow was the only one to really feel like home and seeing a sunrise over the river Clyde never ceased to amaze her. Unusually the traffic was moving well as they made steady progress on the motorway out of the city and towards Cumbernauld and Stirling. Wondering about Celine and Ellis she was just thinking about texting her friend when her phone beeped with an incoming text.

Leaning forward to pick it up out of her bag she read the words with great interest. Sharing the information with Daniel about what time the flat pack delivery was due and the fact Ellen had heard from Jack and he was bringing a team of helpers Ellen started to wonder just how hard it might be to build a flat pack bed and how long it might take. She’d built a few things before, always with help, and she’d watched others build things too, but it always seemed to take much longer than expected and all too often screws or parts had been missing. What if that happened today?

Trying to be practical she let her mind switch to trying to work out the most practical way to build so much furniture with the limited amount of manpower they had and the even more limited time. Debating wether they should perhaps split into teams in different flats to work or stick together in the community flats so they could help each other out her mind was preoccupied by thinking of it all when she felt Daniel’s hand on her knee.

“You ok honey?”

Sharing some of her thoughts aloud with Daniel hoping he might be able to shed light on it all Ellen listened as he tried to reassure her that none of the mess they were in was their fault. In his mind it was the clear responsibility of Dundee city council to have furnished the flats, after all, as he very astutely told her, they had received funding to do so. Ellen knew this wasn’t her boyfriend feeling annoyed at having to drive all the way to Dundee for the second day in a row but rather his ever factual, practical, competent way of thinking. He was right really, as always, but Ellen’s conscience just couldn’t allow a single refugee to arrive without at least somewhere to sleep, eat and facilities to cook. Anything less than that in her mind was simply inhumane.

Her mind still thinking it all through while she looked out the window at the countryside she heard Daniel say something that suddenly made her turn. Why hadn’t it occurred to her that the flats wouldn’t all be open? She’d been the one to speak to Rob from Claypots before they left the day before and she’d been the one he told about handing the keys over to the council. Suddenly panicking that the entire trip was all in vain she quickly texted Celine desperately hoping she already had a plan. Of course she did and hearing that she’d already contacted Keith Bryan made her feel a little stupid. It was a good job one of them had the forethought to email him! Initially smiling as she read the first text from her colleague about how she’d practically threatened Keith she then laughed at the second one and absurdity of Celine’s plan to dump the entire IKEA delivery in the council headquarters’s car park. Clearly Celine’s was in a good mood, either that or so stressed she was being silly.

Either way it made the final part of the journey more stressful and anxious as they passed so many familiar landmarks in Dundee and made their way through the city to Hilltown. Pulling into the car park at Tulloch Court Ellen checked the time on Daniel’s car: Ten past 9. They’d made good time though without the keys to any of the ground floor flats they decided to wait in the car until Ellis and Celine arrived. It was almost half past nine before they showed up, with Celine commenting at how they’d been stuck behind a learner driver right throughout the city. Passing pleasantries to each other the four of them walked towards the high rise tower as Ellis pressed a button on the intercom and let them all in.

“How did you do that?”

“The services button. They usually all work until at least 11am, some much later. It’s to allow post to get delivered but as a delivery driver it’s always very handy.”

Keen to recall this useful information Ellen nodded as Celine pulled out some keys from her coat pocket and unlocked the first community flat. Walking inside they were all talking about their various ideas of how to get organised when Ellis pointed out several cars pulling into the car park as he stood at the living room window.

“Looks like Jack and his crew. I’m rather impressed at him you know.”

Ellen smiled as Celine’s immediately walked over to the window to stand beside Ellis who placed his arm around her so naturally that it felt like they’d been a couple forever.

“There’s three cars full of them! Wow. Way to go Jack!”

Watching from a little further back Ellen fluctuated between looking at Celine and Ellis and watching the group of enthusiastic cheerful looking people approach the main door. Daniel was the only one to actually go and let them in as the noise level rose significantly at the influx of so many strangers. Jack carefully introduced everyone as they all shook hands and chatted until Daniel gathered everyone to explain what was happening. He was just in the middle of talking when Celine jumped up in excitement at the window.

“This looks like it all coming now! Let’s go get it all unloaded!”

Like a swarm of locusts Ellen joined the back of the crowd with Daniel as they made their way to the car park. Using her weight to keep the heavy security door open Ellen stood back as boxes moved past her flanked by people of all shapes and sizes and colours as an entire removal lorry full of beds and sofas offloaded from the car park to a community flat on the ground floor. Wondering where on earth it was all going Ellen held the door until the final box was taken in before joining the others in the flat.

Celine, ever the most organised person she’d ever met, had already organised everything into two neat piles with the bed boxes all stacked neatly in the living room and the sofa boxes all stored in the two bedrooms. Dividing everyone up into teams of threes she was just instructing people on the various free places they could use to build a bed each when Ellis interrupted her loudly.

“Sorry to disturb you Celine but I think you need to see this.”

Rushing to the window like everyone else Ellen stared at the fleet of navy Dundee city council vans all pulling into the car park one after the other. It was Daniel who seemed to take charge after that.

“If everyone would kindly wait here for a few minutes while my colleagues and myself see what’s going on.”

“Should we make a start on some beds?”

Following behind Daniel Ellen looked back at Jack trying to hide her concern about what was going on.

“That would be great Jack. Thanks.”

Standing outside the tower block with Celine one side and Daniel the other Ellen felt small and scared as they watched Keith Bryan get out of one of the vans and approach them looking cocky and smug.

“Oh. I see you brought your friends with you again Miss Cartier. Well I’m sure they will be as pleased to see us at work as you will. Now if you will please excuse us we have some items to deliver here this morning. I do hope your own delivery arrives in time dear. Whatever it is you are waiting for.”

Seeing Keith turn around and give a patronising thumbs up to someone Ellen noticed a flurry of activity as the boots to four vans opened in almost synchrony and men seemed to start unloading things. Without even an ‘excuse me’ Keith barged right past her leading the way as what looked like old hospital beds with metal sides and waterproof mattresses were pushed past them into lifts by silent council workers. These were followed by green, cyan and brown upright padded chairs that Ellen thought looked like they’d come direct from a hospice. With no idea where any of the items were being taken to Ellen stared in disbelief as more and more awful looking items passed her by. Trapped by the never ended stream of furniture and people she was desperate to get back to Jack as she looked at Celine beside her who actually seemed happy.

“Just leave him to it Ellen. He’s doing us a huge favour. He’ll be gone soon enough.”

Sure enough as the last item moved in front of them allowing the three of them to get back into the tower block at last Keith entered the lift himself grinning like a Cheshire cat. Closing the community flat door to prevent Keith seeing what Jack and his helpers were up to Ellen looked up at Daniel and Celine curiously.

“Did anyone else think that looked like Keith had just emptied a couple of wards of the local hospital or was it just me?”

“More like he robbed the local nursing home or something.”

“You know guys I really don’t care where he got it all from. The fact is he’s done us a huge favour. I know those beds look grim but they’re better than nothing and right now we just need to get 66 flats furnished by the end of today. I bet you anything Keith will be out of here before we know it. He’s allergic to hard work that man. Let’s just leave him to it. I’m going to check on the real workers and see how they’re doing. Just make sure if you see him to get the keys off him ok!”

*417*2024-03-28 23:49

Daniel’s theory is proved correct

Parking in the empty car park at Tulloch Court Daniel sat quietly turning off the car engine wondering what the day might bring. The building was so tall and imposing and under its shadow the car felt cold in the early October chill. Ellen didn’t seem her usual chatty self either as she appeared to stare out the window deep in thought. Not much later though the atmosphere changed as Ellis’ white van finally pulled into the car park and parked beside them. Getting the customary greetings over with they walked towards the security door as Ellis buzzed to open it. At least they were inside and Celine had the keys to the communal flats which was a good start.

Wandering around the ground floor flat they chatted among themselves about how best to get as many things built as possible, obviously ignoring the elephant in the room. They could build as many beds and sofa as they wanted but if they had nowhere to put them where was the point? Daniel was just thinking of pointing this out, very aware of how it would burst the bubble but feeling he couldn’t keep the pretence up much longer, when Ellis suddenly became very animated as he pointed out cars coming into the car park. Once again feeling like he was the only practical one there he left the flat to go and let the people in glad to see some more people but concerned too that they may end up on a false errand unless they could get the keys to all the other flats.

Following at the back of the group he returned into the living room of the flat as people began chatting and getting to know one another. It wasn’t that Daniel didn’t like social pleasantries or small talk but time really wasn’t on their side so he raised his voice as best he could and gathered everyone together. Unsure how much information everyone knew he explained about the donations arriving and that they needed to get as many sofas and beds built as possible. He was just about to put people into teams to work when Celine interrupted him to announce that the furniture had just arrived.

It was heartening to watch complete strangers working so well together with a single mission as Ellen held the security door open and Celine remained in the flat directing traffic while everyone else unloaded the large removal lorry in record time. Surveying the now very full flat bulging with boxes and people Daniel happily let Celine take over as she placed everyone in teams and allocated them building areas. People were just moving towards the boxes of beds when Ellis caused a stir, interrupting the activity by pointing out there was a load of council vans just arriving in the car park. Walking over to see for himself Daniel sensed a real unease in both Ellen and Celine as he felt very protective of his colleagues. Taking charge of the room he hushed everyone quickly then in an efficient and calm manner excused himself and Ellen and Celine so they could deal with the situation away from everyone else.

Walking outside the tower block he made sure to stand right next to Ellen as the three of them formed a line staring at Keith Bryan as he stepped out the driver’s seat of the first van smugly and aggressively. The way he spoke to Celine was rude and condescending but for now Daniel just wanted to let it go. Keith was clearly here with an agenda and with so many council staff flagging him now obviously wasn’t the time to confront him. Watching in shock as he brazenly opened the back door of one of the council vans just as others copied him the three of them stood helplessly as a convoy of uniformed men pushed right past them carrying beds, furniture and seats. Wherever they were putting them they seemed incredibly quick to be returning back to go again with another load.

Half expecting a photographer or TV crew to appear around a corner to record Keith’s ‘generous’ donations Daniel was itching to confront him about the way he’d spoken to Celine when suddenly the back doors to all these vans closed in unison and the remaining uniformed staff, including Keith, vanished into the even lift out of sight. Ellen seemed to visibly relax as the lift moved floors and she remarked about Keith having appeared to have robbed a ward of furniture from a local hospital.

“More like he robbed the local nursing home or something!”

It was out his mouth before he even realised he’d said it as Ellen and Celine looked at him wide eyed. He wasn’t really known for being so open with his opinion, especially negative ones, but the shock of what Keith had just delivered was too much. Did he seriously think it appropriate for refugees to sleep on beds with metal sides and waterproof mattresses like they were incontinent 80 year olds? Not to mention the firm, high backed chairs more suitable for a waiting room than anyone’s home! Of course the ever positive and confident Celine had other ideas though.

“You know guys I really don’t care where he got it all from. The fact is he’s done us a huge favour. I know those beds look grim but they’re better than nothing and right now we just need to get 66 flats furnished by the end of today. I bet you anything Keith will be out of here before we know it. He’s allergic to hard work that man. Let’s just leave him to it. I’m going to check on the real workers and see how they’re doing. Just make sure if you see him to get the keys off him ok!”

In the blink of an eye she was off leaving just him and Ellen alone in the hallway..

“Where do you think he’s put it all then?”

“Knowing Keith it’s probably all been dumped in one flat or something. He only wants to look good not actually help.”

“I was thinking the same. Call me cynical Daniel but it wouldn’t surprise me to find it’s all broken or filthy or unusable. I don’t trust him.”

“Neither do I. Shhh. The lift is coming back down again look!”

Watching the lit up numbers on the lift change from 4 to 2 to 0 Daniel squeezed Ellen’s hand then quickly let it go again as the doors opened. The lift was crammed with 8 people in as Daniel glanced at Ellen then walked firmly towards the men exiting the lift in front of them.

“I just wanted to thank you so much for your help today Keith. That was such an incredible donation you brought here. I am sure the refugees will be thrilled when they arrive on Wednesday. Actually before you go could we possibly have the keys to the flats? Just so that we can make those beds you so generously bought. We’ll be ensuring everyone knows where they came from, you can rest assured about that. Can you imagine the thrill on the refugees faces when they see how great their new beds look!”

“Oh not just beds Mr. Omari but expensive chairs AND bedside tables. And you really needn’t worry about the new residents knowing who donated them. It’s all been publicised in the local press. I have to say we popped into one of the flats to look around and boy will our delivery today make a difference. If it wasn’t for me that flat would be completely empty you know! I suppose if you want to waste your time putting bedding on then go ahead. You won’t get it back though. They get money to buy these things themselves you know.”

Reaching his hands out to take a plastic box full of keys from Keith Daniel was glad that Ellen was keeping quiet as he took the box quickly.

“I need those keys back by 5pm. You know where my office is. If you’re late then I will inform the police and report it as theft.”

“Yes absolutely. Understood. Before you leave though Mr Bryan you don’t happen to remember what flats you delivered to? I’d like to mention to the new occupants directly what you did for them.”

“I don’t have time to waste talking. I am a very busy man Mr. Omari. Some of us actually do our jobs you know and don’t go gallivanting across the country to places we don’t even work. I’m sure you’ll find them soon enough.”

Nodding as Keith turned and walked out right in front of him, making a show of closing the security door loudly behind him, Daniel clung to the box of keys like they were gold. Turning to see Ellen looking at her mobile he looked at her curiously.

“He’s right. They published an article on the council facebook page yesterday afternoon. Mackenzie House, a local council run nursing home closed a couple of weeks ago and Keith is being credited with the innovative idea of reusing the furniture for the council’s newest guests. You were right Daniel. He did rob a nursing home, though thankfully only after it shut. You were amazing getting those keys though.”

“I’ve only got them until 5 though. We really need to hurry!”

*418*2024-03-30 00:39

Hard labour with no break for Ellen

With Celine walking away from them to return to the other volunteers Ellen didn’t hold back, ranting at Daniel about Keith together, both unanimous in their opinion of the man who was still in the building somewhere though neither of them knew where. They were still talking about him when suddenly Daniel pointed to the lifts indicating that they were coming back down and they should return to their professional selves urgently. Standing beside Daniel in expectation of the lift arriving Ellen felt so comforted by the squeeze of her hand sensing that Daniel was aware just how nervous and stressed she was feeling.

Within seconds though he’d let go again as the 0 lit up and the doors slowly opened as if not wanting to deliver its contents. When both doors slid fully open 7 men all in identical navy council polo shirts and fleeces stepped out with Keith right in the centre standing out in his suit and tie. Making brief eye contact with Daniel Ellen stepped back as she watched her boyfriend head past the men towards the security entrance blocking it as he confidently spoke to Keith. 

Barely able to see Daniel over the others she felt her whole body shaking as she heard him thanking Keith and complimenting him, obviously trying to keep him sweet so they could get the keys. Unsurprised to hear Keith boasting at how he was yet again in a newspaper in relation to the goods he’d just brought them Ellen decided to see if he was actually telling the truth or just once again attempting to make himself out to be someone special. Checking the council’s facebook page she scrolled down shaking her head in disbelief.

Skimming through the article she felt sickened seeing Keith posing with beds and chairs as he was praised for his ‘enterprising and creative’ idea of reusing the furniture from a former council run nursing home that had recently closed. Looking up to see the men now leaving and Daniel holding a plastic box that she assumed held the keys to the other flats Ellen turned her phone to show Daniel.

“He’s right. They published an article on the council facebook page yesterday afternoon. Mackenzie House, a local council run nursing home, closed a couple of weeks ago and Keith is being credited with the innovative idea of reusing the furniture for the council’s newest guests. You were right Daniel. He did rob a nursing home, though thankfully only after it shut. You were amazing getting those keys though.”

Still digesting what she’d just read she followed behind Daniel as he went into the community flat to show his prised possession.

“Sorry for that delay everyone. You’ll be pleased to know that the keys are here finally, though the bad news is that I need to return them to the council headquarters by 5pm tonight.”

“5pm? That’s cutting it very tight. Thanks to these amazing volunteers here though we now have four beds already made. How do you and Ellen feel about moving them to some flats and we’ll start on another lot?”

Deciding quickly that that was better than either of them building beds since Daniel had already said he’d never build anything before and Ellen found the small screws so difficult with her large fingers, she walked over to the first bed frame and picked it up. It was surprisingly light and she carried it easily out of the flat and across to the lifts. Hearing Celine call to her about which flat it was she was in the lift with the doors closing before she realised she’d forgotten the keys. 

Making a split decision to just take the bed frame to floor 6 where they’d left off the previous day she pressed the button and felt the floor rising. Alone in the lift she shook her head again thinking of Keith when suddenly she was at her floor. Lifting the tall bed frame out the lift she went to lean it against the landing wall while she returned for the keys when she felt something in her way. Looking around the bed she sighed seeing most of the landing littered with large arm chairs like an abandoned waiting room. Counting 8 chairs in total she moved the bed and took the stairs to the floor below. It’s landing seemed totally clear. Returning back up the stairs she missed out level six and moved up to level 7.

Continuing up the stairs a flight at a time she quickly realised that Keith and his men had littered every single landing from floor 6 right to the top of the tower with armchairs, beds and bedside cabinets with no one item placed inside a flat despite having the keys to them all. Taking the lift from the 12th floor right down to the ground she pushed open the door to the communal flat just as a large delivery from a sandwich shop arrived in banana boxes. Waiting until the delivery staff had left Ellen found Celine and shared her news.

“Every single floor? Daniel came down a moment ago saying the sixth floor was bad but I thought that was it. I was going to suggest we all pause for something to eat and drink. We decided to do a whip around and one of the girls suggested Crusties. Help yourself before it all goes. That’s us made 8 beds so far and one of the guys had a go at making the sofas. He said they are really quick and easy. I hope so.”

“I’ll take a drink and get a sandwich when I get back. Let me just get the keys to the sixth floor flats and get that landing clear first at least. It’s a blooming fire hazard the way Keith has just dumped the stuff. Calls himself a housing officer too!”

“I’ll put a pack of sandwiches aside for you. Don’t get stuck if it’s too much. Just come get help ok?”

“Ok.”

Taking a large sip of the juice before she left Ellen dug out the sixth floor keys from the box and took the lift up. Having more to drink in the lift she scrambled around the abandoned furniture to unlock the flats then assessed what could go in each flat and moved things accordingly. It was exhausting and time consuming and thirsty work. By the time the landing was free she’d finished her drink and headed down to the ground floor with her empty bottle. Updating Celine on what she’d put in each flat she stayed down just long enough to eat a sandwich and grab another drink as she swapped the keys for the seventh floor ones and went to that floor repeating what she’d done on the floor below. She carried on like this leaving the flats unlocked each time as she mentally remembered what furniture each flat had then returned downstairs to update her colleague.

Throughout this she noticed more and more beds being built and moved as the empty boxes accumulated against the walls. Only seeing Daniel when he happened to be picking up a bed to deliver she worked on, sweating and getting more and more tired as the day went on. By the ninth floor she was starting to wilt when two of the current residents, Marselina and Yana came to help. The extra hands and company made such a difference and speeded things up so much. A text from Yana brought even more help as Vladislav, Taras and Teona came to join in too having returned from university, and finally by 4pm every floor was cleared. Thanking the students for their help and asking how things were Ellen was thrilled to hear how they were all getting on and even more so when Marselina shared with them all that she’d bumped into Dmitro earlier and that Tetyana was coming home with the baby that afternoon.

Excitedly heading down in the lift with the others Ellen said her goodbyes as they got off at various floors leaving her to travel to the ground alone. Stepping out she noticed Dmitro and Tetyana standing waiting on the lift with their new baby sleeping in a car seat in Dmitro’s hand. Hugging them both she congratulated them and cooed over the baby before excusing herself to see the others.

The atmosphere was full of excitement and satisfaction in the community flat as the final beds and sofas were leaving for flats as Ellen helped Celine tidy the empty boxes and put rubbish into bin bags.

“We didn’t get every bed built or every sofa done but looking through my list we’re now got at least one bed in every flat and something to sit on. The starter packs and food banks are delivering tomorrow. Hopefully someone from the council unlocks the flats but if not they’ll just be left in here and we can distribute on Wednesday ourselves. We did well Ellen, thanks in part to Keith. I never thought I’d say that but then I never thought a lot of things would happen this week. Did you see Ellis building those beds today? I’ve never seen someone build anything so quick in my life!”

“Where is he now?”

“He’s just helping move a double bed. There’s some taking the mattresses up too. Do you want another drink by the way? I’ve had about three of these bottles now. Actually I really must run to the toilet. I haven’t been once since we got here and I’ve been bursting for ages now.”

“I might take a bottle to keep me awake on the ride home. I’ll just go to the toilet after you too. I haven’t had a chance to go all day either.”

Letting Celine run to the toilet Ellen busied herself tidying up while she waited to pee when others began returning to the flat, including Daniel.

“Oh Ellen, I’m so glad you’re here! I’ve just noticed the time. We need to get the keys back for 5 remember?”

“I think the flats still need locked first don’t they?”

“With rush hour traffic we haven’t got time for that. It’s not like there’s anything worth stealing in them is there? Have you seen Celine anywhere? I want to let her know that we’re leaving now.”

“She’s just in the toilet.”

Watching her usually quiet reserved boyfriend knock on the bathroom door and shout through to her friend Ellen smiled to herself. She was loving this confident, bolder side to Daniel and she hoped it might stay.

“Hey Celine. Sorry to disturb you but that’s Ellen and myself leaving now. I need to get these keys back for 5.”

“No problem. Safe journey home. See you tomorrow.”

“Do you need to get anything? Your bag or anything?”

“Just a bottle of juice. I’ll get one for you too. I’ve got my bag here.”

“Great. Let’s go. Thanks for your help Ellis. Hopefully catch you again one day soon.

“Yes. Yes. That would be great. Safe journey back. We’ll be leaving soon. I just need to pee first. I’m not having a repeat of yesterday again.”

Looking at the bathroom longingly Ellen bit her lip at Ellis’s comment. She’d been the only one not to be bursting yesterday but now she really had to go and they hadn’t even left yet. That wasn’t a good sign especially with two bottles of juice in her hands for the journey home.

*419*2024-03-31 00:44

Daniel hands the keys back

Aware that time wasn’t in their favour Daniel quickly made his way into the flat where everyone was busy building furniture. Shaking the box of keys he loudly interrupted the building for a moment to announce that he had the keys they needed, though he added on apologetically that unfortunately he had to get them back to the council headquarters by 5pm.

Understandably Celine was quite shocked at this though she did proudly point out that they’d managed to build four beds already. It might not be much, Daniel thought, but it was a great start at least. Happy to support them by transporting the beds and mattresses to the relevant flats he waited while Celine checked where they were needed then rummaged in the key box for the right key. The contractors had obviously been organised and Daniel quickly discovered that each floor was colour coded making finding the keys much easier. With the key in his pocket for flat 6A he noticed that Ellen had already left with a bed as he headed out the flat towards the lifts.

Arriving at floor 6 he was shocked to find the entire landing crammed with large high backed fabric seats with one single IKEA bed leaning on top of one. Pushing the seats all to one side he managed to negotiate his way to flat 6A as he unlocked it and placed the bed into one of the bedrooms. Returning down in the lift he picked up a mattress and placed that onto of the bed then returned back to the community flat to drop the keys into the tub and deliver the next bed, stopping to inform Celine’s of what he’d discovered on the 6th floor landing. 

Assuming Ellen was doing the same as he was and they were simply missing each other in the coming and goings he carefully transported one bed at a time then returned for the mattress over and over again, always checking with Celine first where he was going and returning the keys as he went. Frustrated that every landing was cluttered with various items Keith had dumped he pushed them all to the side and negotiated past worrying that the items would still be there when the refugees arrived in two days time.

On one trip down again after completing the 6th floor he was thrilled to see food and drink which he stopped to partake of glad of the nourishment and hydration to replenish what his body was losing through sweat. Getting back to work quickly he left a bottle of water on a windowsill and took frequent gulps every time he returned for another bed or mattress. Around 3pm he returned down again to notice that several sofas were now built too but he wasn’t able to carry these single-handedly. Thankfully it materialised that they were a two man build unlike the beds which were quicker with three so Daniel had some assistance humping sofas to various flats. It felt exhausting and overwhelming but Daniel was struck by how suddenly the landings were being cleared as he returned to floor six with a sofa. Now with high backed seats, a sofa, beds and various boxes of things from the stuff Celine delivered the day before Daniel could really see the flats taking shape.

Time was starting to go quickly though and with no sign of Ellen Daniel was starting to stress. Heading back down again from moving a double bed and mattress with Jack and some of his friends he checked his watch in the lift feeling his anxiety rising. It was almost 4:30 and with city traffic he really needed to be leaving urgently. Relieved to see Ellen putting rubbish in a bin bag in the community flat hallway Daniel tapped his watch near her and reminded her that they needed to go. Checking she had everything he glanced at the locked toilet wishing he had time to go. Asking where Celine was so he could let her know they were leaving he nodded when Ellen informed him she was in the loo. Chapping on the door loud enough so she could hear over the noise in the flat of chatting Daniel shouted through that him and Ellen were leaving so they could return the keys.

Turning to see Ellen saying goodbye to Ellis and waving to Jack he pulled her gently towards the door knowing what she was like for talking and socialising. Going straight to the car they got in quickly out the cold air as Daniel passed Ellen the box of keys so he could drive. Pulling out the car park in exhausted silence Daniel indicated to turn past the indoor shopping centre and through the city centre hoping he remembered the way to the city council headquarters where they had went the first time the came to see the flats. His memory was obviously strong as he recognised buildings and landmarks and navigated through the traffic until they could see the old renovated Edwardian former printing works that were now the council headquarters. Parking as close as he could Daniel looked over at Ellen who looked exhausted and a bit uncomfortable as he offered to drop the keys in on his own.

A simple nod from Ellen confirmed Daniel’s thoughts as he took the box and ran towards the building determined to return the keys before 5pm. Pushing open the door and immediately seeing a reception desk he told the young girl who he wanted and waited while she called his office. Trying not to think about the fact he needed to pee he looked down the corridor anxiously willing Keith to appear. Several long minutes later an older gent approached him holding his hand out.

“Hi, I’m Blake Newton, a colleague of Keith’s. He’s busy in a meeting right now so he’s asked me to come down to see you. So is this the keys to Tulloch Court I believe?”

“Yes. Yes it is. I don’t mean to sound bad but would it be possible to get a receipt for them? Just for my records to prove I handed them back.”

“Of course. I’ll get Charlotte here to write you one up right now. I don’t mean to be rude but I’m actually taking my wife out for dinner shortly and I promised her I wouldn’t be late tonight. Thanks for these. I’ll probably see you on Wednesday. Keith has a load of us coming to welcome the new residents. He’s done amazing getting everything sorted for them.”

Keeping his mouth shut despite being eager to correct the man about his colleague Daniel nodded, shook the man’s hand, then waited as he instructed the receptionist to get him a receipt. Taking the piece of paper he smiled politely at the girl before rushing back to Ellen. Climbing in the car he looked over to see his girlfriend sitting stiffly with her phone in her hand.

“How did it go?”

“Keith didn’t even bother coming down for them. He sent some older guy down for them, but I got a receipt at least.”

“At least you’ve got proof you handed them in. I was wondering Daniel. I know we’re both exhausted and really keen to get back to Glasgow but would you mind making a slight detour first? I’ve been googling and there’s a big Tesco extra just a couple of miles away. I wouldn’t normally ask but I’m desperate for a wee. I’d just run in to use their toilets and then we can get on the road. You don’t mind do you? I can give you the directions from google on my phone.”

“Actually I’m really needing to go too so let’s do that. I don’t think I could wait until Glasgow. In fact I know I couldn’t.”

*420*2024-04-01 23:51

Ellen googles to find a loo

Turning around to see Ellis right behind her Ellen said a quick goodbye then waved to Jack as she followed Daniel towards the door of the flat. She’d make sure to thank Jack properly as soon as she could but right now they needed to get the keys back before the council offices closed. Staying close to Daniel she shivered as the cold air dropped her body temperature quickly and increased her need to urinate a lot. Climbing into the cold car she sat tensed upright as she pulled her belt on and took the box of keys from Daniel. Biting her lip as she stared out the window she was thinking about wether she could perhaps use the toilets at the council offices or if she could wait until they reached the petrol station on the A90 that they’d found closed the day before. Either way she knew she had to find somewhere soon as she pushed hard back into the seat and tensed her legs and thighs.

At least Daniel seemed to know where he was going as he expertly drove through the busy city centre past places she had no recollection of at all. Just over ten minutes later, which felt like so much longer to Ellen as she struggled to get comfortable, Daniel pulled into a side street close to the council offices as he turned to check if she wanted to come in. She really wanted to say yes, hoping she could ask the receptionist to use their toilets, but when Daniel looked at her with his tired eyes and tense face and said he was literally running in with the box and back out she nodded to say he should just go himself. She really couldn’t face the thought of seeing Keith again, especially if he was there waiting and might see her desperate to pee.

With the car engine turned off Ellen was surprised how quickly the temperature dropped as she wriggled in the seat looking anxiously out the window in the direction Daniel had went. They weren’t far out of the city and even on a side street people were walking about close by making Ellen very reluctant to do what she really wanted to, which was to push a hand between her legs to try and ease the pressure a little. 

Resorting to tapping her foot and changing position frequently she muttered to herself about her need to pee as she regretted not going in with Daniel now. Hoping he wouldn’t be much longer now she pulled her phone out to distract herself as she scrolled through facebook struggling to focus. Giving that up quickly because all she could think about was how badly she needed a wee she clicked onto google instead and searched for supermarkets in Dundee. Guessing all the larger ones would have a ladies she could use she wriggled around struggling to work out the nearest one until she clicked on Tesco Extra Riverside Drive . Quickly checking no-one was nearby she risked sliding a hand between her legs as she squeezed her thighs together tightly typing in directions to the store from Dundee house. It was less than 2 miles away and according to google just five minutes by car. Perfect!

Deciding it best to take her hand out from her legs she sat up tensely pushing in and out of the seat with her bottom getting precise directions on her phone when she jumped and almost wet herself at the sound of the car door opening. Relieved to see Daniel back Ellen politely asked how things had gone listening to her boyfriend talking but all the time begging him in her mind to stop so she could tell him to drive to Tesco urgently. Interrupting him at the first opportunity she swallowed her pride and confessed how bursting she was when he nodded and readily agreed to her plan. Surprised to hear that he also had to go Ellen tried to recall if she’d seen any signs of him needing but she couldn’t think of anything at all, unlike the day before when it had been belatedly obvious.

Now with her need no longer secret Ellen felt no shame is quickly sliding a hand back between her legs as she straightened her legs both out and tensed them tightly.

“Right. Fire away with the directions then.”

“Head past the Lidl right here and down towards West Port Roundabout. Take the 1st left and follow the A991 towards the train station. Continue past the train station following the road around past the Discovery museum onto Riverside Drive and you should see the big Tesco Extra right in front of you.”

It seemed so straightforward reading it out but with the rush hour traffic every little part of the journey seemed to be taking forever as Ellen gasped and wriggled and writhed. It didn’t help that an entourage of coaches were leaving the museum car park forcing Daniel to wait several minutes. Seeing the familiar Tesco sign not far ahead taunted Ellen so much as she muttered to herself.

“What was that Ellen? You ok?”

“Can’t those bloody coaches get a move on! I’m desperate to get to the toilet!”

“We’re nearly there Ellen.”

“I know. That’s what’s making it worse! Right let’s go now.”

Getting increasingly worried that she might not make it Ellen pushed her hand hard into her crotch as the car passed the supermarket before Daniel could turn into the car park. Clenching her muscles hard while Daniel searched for a parking space she rocked gently in the seat gripping the door handle as Daniel reversed into a space ever so slowly. Pressing to open the door even before the engine was off Ellen started climbing out immediately.

“I won’t be long.”

“Ellen wait for me!”

Unable to physically wait for Daniel Ellen twisted and hobbled towards the entrance only turning as she reached the supermarket foyer. Daniel was right beside her as they walked through the security barriers together looking in every direction for customers toilets. Now through the barriers into the store Ellen felt Daniel tugging at her arm as she turned to see a Costa coffee shop.

“I reckon they must be over there by the cafe.”

Noticing the security barriers everywhere Ellen sighed. It was clear that the only way they could get to the toilets now was to go through the checkouts to get to the cafe. Bypassing every aisle Ellen raced towards the self scan checkouts squeezing past the queue excusing herself to strangers as she finally reached the cafe and looked everywhere for the toilets. Finally seeing them tucked away down a small corridor she walked briskly towards them with Daniel right behind her. Standing in the corridor she pushed the handle down for the ladies turning to Daniel almost in tears when it wouldn’t open.

“What does the sign say Ellen?”

“Closed for cleaning. Please use the disabled toilet next door. Apologies for any inconvenience.”

Spotting the disabled cubicle Ellen rushed towards it panting pushing on the handle again. Just like before it wouldn’t budge though as a voice called from inside.

“We shouldn’t be long. Sorry.”

Watching Daniel turn to go into the gents Ellen marched from foot to foot no longer caring what anyone thought about her pee dancing. She just really REALLY had to pee and the only way she could hold on now was to keep on moving. Even that would only work for a certain length of time though and if the disabled loo didn’t become free soon she wasn’t sure what might happen. She was so bursting but it just felt so rude to knock the door when they knew already that she was waiting. Hopefully they’d hurry. She really really hoped so!

*421*2024-04-03 23:47

Daniel stands guard for Ellen

Following Ellen’s directions Daniel made his way past the small Lidl then turned right at the roundabout. They were on the outskirts of the city but still the traffic was heavy meaning Daniel was barely getting out of second gear. Seeing signs to the discovery centre and airport he inched along the road seeing a constant stream of cars coming out of a large car park ahead. Distracted by Ellen’s very obvious fidgeting and squirming he felt himself getting warmer and more aroused as he wondered to himself just how long Ellen had been needing to go.

Finally reaching the exit to the car park Daniel flashed his lights to let a coach out not realising that there was another four of them behind all from the same company. Feeling a little awkward as he waited for them all to come out onto the main road in front of him he could hear Ellen gasping and muttering under her breath. Turning to check she was ok he felt his dick swelling at the sight of her holding herself with one hand whilst gripping the door handle with the other while her body rocked forwards and backwards. Despite thinking it was one of the sexiest sights he’d ever witnessed he also felt so much sympathy for Ellen as he did his best to reassure her that they were nearly at Tesco.

Finally moving again Daniel followed the signs past the supermarket and around into the car park. Driving as close to the entrance as he could he spotted a space and manoeuvred ready to reverse in. Like most car parks the spaces were tight and he had to take his time moving slowly to avoid hitting the cars either side. Finally putting the car in neutral he was about to switch the engine off when Ellen had her door already open and was climbing out. Hurrying to catch her up he quickly undid his seatbelt and got out, turning back to buzz the car locked with the remote central locking before racing after Ellen. Seeing her in the foyer looking anxious and sweating they walked into the store together both looking for any sign of the toilets. Spotting a Costa coffee the other side of the checkouts Daniel tapped on Ellen’s arm to show her.

“I reckon they must be over there by the cafe.”

Like a rocket launching into space Ellen seemed to shoot off at record speed as Daniel struggled to keep up with her despite his longer legs and taller body. Watching her push through the queue at the self scan checkouts Daniel couldn’t help but smile knowing how uncharacteristic this was for her. She was clearly very desperate to pee as he excused himself and chased after her. Watching her pause at the cafe to look around he was just about to point out the toilets when Ellen must have spotted them as she waddled towards them with her thighs clenched. The corridor was short but tucked away as Daniel reached Ellen just as she was pushing on the door to the ladies. Noticing a note pinned to the door but unable to read it as Ellen’s body was in the way he pointed it out when Ellen turned to him tearfully, clearly not able to open the door.

“What does the sign say Ellen?”

“Closed for cleaning. Please use the disabled toilet next door. Apologies for any inconvenience.”

Watching Ellen as he stepped towards the gents hoping it was open Daniel saw Ellen push the handle to the disabled cubicle just as he walked into the men’s toilets. Not a lover at all of public toilets these ones at least smelled clean and they were tastefully decorated with black cubicle doors and black splash back against white sinks. Seeing the urinals Daniel shuddered at the thought of someone walking in and seeing him peeing as he pushed open a cubicle and stepped inside.

Turning to lock the door he smiled to himself at the thought of Ellen next door sitting in a cubicle doing a very long and needed wee. It was almost too nice a thought though as he fished out his penis to see it hard in his hands. Having to really concentrate to release his bladder and calm himself down he stood facing the toilet for almost a minute before a long spurt of urine burst out at last. Letting himself totally relax he released a long gusher feeling the tangible relief of having an empty bladder at last.

Taking his time to shake, wipe, tuck away and sort himself out Daniel finally unlocked the cubicle to wash his hands. Thinking of Ellen yet again his mind wandered imagining if her knickers were completely dry or not as he dried his hands under the dryer and walked towards the door. Pulling it open his eyes bulged seeing Ellen’s back as she leaned her forehead on the wall opposite and bounced and twisted her lower body with a hand between her legs. Letting the door bang unintentionally behind him as his mouth opened in awe he stared as Ellen turned to face him looking on the verge of tears.

“There’s someone in the disabled bathroom. Was there anyone else in the gents?”

“Emmm…no. It was just me. Why?”

“Don’t let anyone come in! I can’t do this any longer!”

Watching, half in amusement and half in shock, as Ellen pushed open the gents and rushed inside Daniel looked around checking if anyone saw before stationing his back to the gents hoping no one would come until Ellen was out. Hearing the lock on the disabled door turning he looked over with his heart racing as the door pushed wide open and a man in his thirties pushed out a younger but very disabled man in a wheelchair. Nodding to them politely he stepped closer to the door to allow them past as the man pushing the wheelchair stopped to talk.

“Sorry if we held you up there.”

“You didn’t…oh I think it was someone else but they went elsewhere I think.”

“Ah ok.”

Letting the conversation end even though the man was still paused as if expecting more from him Daniel looked to the ground wishing Ellen would hurry up. The man took the cue and pushed the chair away as Daniel looked down the corridor getting more and more concerned that someone might approach wanting to use the gents. Thankfully they didn’t and after a few minutes Ellen emerged from the door behind him looking sheepish but so much happier. Walking silently past the checkouts back to the car park neither of them spoke a word until they were safely back in the car and driving out the car park.

“You feel better now?”

“So much better. I only just made it. Well I was dribbling before I got my pants down but they weren’t even at my thighs when it all gushed out furiously. There was no way I could have waited for that disabled loo to open.”

“They came out just after you went in. A guy in a wheelchair with his carer. Well I assume it was his carer judging by the lanyard he had on. You don’t make a habit of using the gents though do you?”

“That’s the first I’ve used one in my life. It felt very weird seeing urinals and not having sanitary bins in the cubicles, but they were pretty clean compared to what I expected.”

Following the signs for Perth Daniel indicated to turn out the car park as he continued chatting.

“So what did you think they’d be like? I’m curious now.”

“I guess I thought the floor would be covered in pee. Men are notorious for having poor aim are they not? And I’ve always assumed urinals must reek of stale urine.”

Chuckling Daniel glanced over at Ellen feeling a huge warmth and fondness for her.

“We’re not all dirty slobs you know.”

“I guess you’re not. Thank you for keeping guard by the way. My heart was pounding the whole time I was in there terrified someone might walk in.”

“Maybe they might have enjoyed having a beautiful woman watch them piss. You know I’d love that so much.”

“I’d have enjoyed that too especially if they were seriously bursting to go. Not that I intend using the gents again mind you. That was strictly an emergency. I’d had too many bottles of juice at the tower block and no time to go. We did get so much done though. I’ll sleep well tonight after shifting ten landings of furniture into flats. Keith and his bloody half hearted effort. That man riles me so much. That online article had him made out to be some sort of saint. If only they knew the truth!”

“Unfortunately there’s a lot of Keith’s in this world. Celine is right though. He did save us a lot of work today though. There’s no way we’d have ever got 50 beds and 50 sofas build and into the flats today even with Jack and his gang.”

“I guess so. Two more days and that’s us. I reckon I’ll sleep for a week once this is all over. I’m wiped, physically and emotionally. I still don’t think it’s hit me about the fire either. There’s just been way too much going on.”

“It’s been very intense. I’m so proud of you though Ellen. You and Celine, and Aran and everyone else. We have accomplished so much in such a short space of time. If I could give you all a bonus I absolutely would. Maybe once this is all over we should arrange a meal or something for the team. A sort of celebration. What do you think?”

“That sounds lovely. Though I really don’t have much money until I get a new job.”

“I think you using the gents has sent me a bit crazy but it would be my treat. I’m going to miss everyone so much when I am back in the office. You should text Celine and see what she thinks. Ellis can come too. He’s done so much to help the last couple of days. He was incredible at that flat pack!”

“I’ll text her now. I’ll text Jack too and properly thank him now I can think straight. It’s no wonder you pissed outside that petrol station yesterday if you had to go as much as I did. I think I’m still recovering from how badly I needed to go.”

“I must confess it was very hot seeing you that bursting.”

“If I wasn’t so tired Daniel I’d definitely have been keen on some cuddles tonight. People think it’s only you men who want sex a lot. Believe me I want it a lot too, especially with you. Now my periods over I can’t wait to have fun again.”

“I’ll never say no to that darling. You make me hard just thinking about it!”

*422*2024-04-05 23:40

Arriving back late

Trying to remain as dignified as possible Ellen stood against the wall staring at the disabled toilet door willing it with her mind to open. What was taking them so long? Tensing and squeezing her thighs tightly together she closed her eyes shutting out everything else as she mustered everything at her disposal to keep her bladder at bay. Gritting her teeth she was sure even her eyes were floating with the amount of excess fluid on her body as she crossed her legs trying desperately to hold on.

Time seemed to be frozen as she slid a hand down to between her legs now jiggling around longing for the door to open. She really wasn’t sure how much more she could bear as she bent forward holding her swollen bladder in her arms. Turning now to face the wall she rested her forehead on the wall as she leant forward with her lower body twisting and bouncing and dancing feeling like any second she was going to explode. Finally hearing a door closing she turned suddenly to see Daniel standing facing her having just come out of the gents. Immensely jealous that he’d actually been able to pee she looked at him with begging eyes as she explained that the disabled toilet was locked when she suddenly had an idea.

“Daniel, was there anyone else in the gents?”

Barely waiting for his answer Ellen was already pushing the door open when he confirmed she was safe to go in. Racing to the first cubicle she saw she hitched her long top up and her legging and pants down in one fluid swoop as she bent to hover over the toilet pan. Already dribbling pee the leaking made way for a torrent which splashed loudly into the pan before Ellen could even let go of her clothing, which was only just past her thighs. Refusing to sit on the toilet for fear of what might be on it Ellen continued hovering as a long strong flow gushed out of her powerfully. Feeling so much better for the relief it brought she felt a tear run down her cheek from the tension of holding so much for so long.

Finally her stream came to an end after a final few stray spurts and dribbles as Ellen was thrilled to see some toilet roll still on the roll. Wiping herself she sorted herself out again and tentatively made her way out of the cubicle constantly on edge incase anyone walked in. Washing her hands she had a look around at the toilets for the first time. They were remarkably cleaner than she’d expected and other than the urinals on the wall, the lack of sanitary bins and the sanitary ware dispenser she often saw in public ladies loos on the wall. it wasn’t that dissimilar to the ladies in most places. Drying her hands with the customary loud hand dryer she confidently pulled the door open and felt so happy to see Daniel again.

Keen to get back to the car and out of the store Ellen walked briskly past the checkouts and into the car park. Thankfully Daniel appeared to know the way back as they chatted about all sorts with Daniel even suggesting a meal out for everyone who’d worked so hard to get project New Adventure off the ground. Texting Celine to put the suggestion to her Ellen was thrilled to get a quick reply with her saying she loved the idea and suggesting Friday lunchtime after the ship left port. Relaying this to Daniel he seemed just as keen as they chatted about possible restaurants they could go to. In between the chat Ellen made sure to also text Jack to thank him so much for all his help and to ask him to thank everyone who came too. He too text back quickly which made Ellen smile.

The journey home felt so much quicker even in the dark and before Ellen even noticed they were back in Glasgow heading towards Hillington to Daniel’s home. Hit with a feeling of warmth and security that sort of caught her off guard Ellen walked into Daniel’s kitchen feeling like she was back at home. Letting Daniel take her coat she laughed when he instinctively went to the sink to fill the kettle. It was becoming predictable but not something Ellen couldn’t cope with. Accepting his offer of a mug of tea Ellen sneaked into the lounge to sprawl all over the big couch. Her back and legs ached from all the lifting and carrying she’d done earlier the firm couch offered so much comfort and support. Feeling herself starting to close her eyes she jumped when Daniel returned with the hot drinks.

“You look comfortable.”

“Sorry. I’ll put my legs down now. This is one of the most comfortable sofas I’ve ever sat on.”

“It should be for the money I paid for it. Carry on and put your legs back up. I’m more than happy to sit in the arm chair.”

Sipping at their tea while they chatted, mostly about work, Ellen looked over at Daniel realising that she really cared about him deeply and feeling quite emotional at the thought of not seeing him all day at work soon. Sipping at her tea to hide the stray tears on her cheeks she wiped her face with her sleeve as she put the mug back down on the table.

“What’s up sweetheart?”

“I just don’t want this to end.”

“What? Us sitting together drinking tea and coffee?”

“No, the project. The refugees. The cruise ship. Working so closely with you. Everything. I don’t want any of it to end.”

“It’s such a mixture of emotions isn’t it? On one hand we are ecstatic about everyone getting a permanent home but on the other it’s sad to say goodbye. I’m sure you, more than anyone, will keep in contact with loads of them though. You can always visit too. Dundee isn’t that far away.”

“Where have I heard that before?”

Laughing together at the private joke Ellen felt so happy she could burst. So much had changed for her in such a short space of time. She might have lost her home but she’d gained so many close friend, both in the refugees and in her work colleagues, and together they had achieved what had seemed so impossible just a matter of months ago. Caught up in the emotion of the moment she couldn’t help but think about young Mykhaila and her mum. Having a sudden urge to visit Diana before the cruise ship left port she finished her tea and smiled over at Daniel.

“I know we’ve got a really busy day again tomorrow but I was thinking after work that I’d like to pop over to the Queen Elizabeth University hospital to visit Diana. The social worker picked up all Mykhaila’s things last week but all Diana’s things are still in her cabin. I don’t think it’s much but she deserves to have it.”

“Of course. You amaze me so much you know Ellen. You’re always putting others before yourself. I hope that once the project ends you put yourself first for a bit. Put your feet up, relax, have fun. You so deserve that after everything you’ve done and been through.”

“I’m not sure I even know how to do that Daniel. My life has been about survival for so long now.”

“Then let me help you. One night I can maybe put some relaxation music on, give you a massage, run you a bath, whatever you want that will make you feel chilled and happy.”

“Right now that would just be some food and sleep.”

“Here. Have a snuggle under this blanket and I’ll heat us up some dinner. I’ll wake you when it’s ready.”

“Thank you.”

*423*2024-04-07 10:18

Leaving for the very last day on the ship

Daniel felt great having Ellen for company for the remainder of the journey home. Other than the fact it was dark and a bit drizzly the time passed quickly and before Daniel noticed the time he was seeing signs for Glasgow. It still felt strange pulling down the side of his house without putting his car into the garage but he remembered in enough time to park and head straight inside. Instinctively filling the kettle as soon as he got into the kitchen he smiled at Ellen asking if she fancied a cuppa. Making the drinks Daniel was aware that Ellen had left the kitchen but it didn’t worry him in the slightest. Quite the opposite in fact as he smiled to himself thinking that Ellen was finally relaxing more and feeling able to move around freely.

Taking the two drinks into the lounge Daniel noticed Ellen lying on the couch resting looking exhausted. Handing her the mug of tea he sat down opposite in the armchair as he looked over towards her feeling full of compassion and love. She looked so beautiful even as she rested across the couch as he thought back to the times she’d shared about sleeping on other people’s sofas when she was homeless. His sofa had been an expensive purchase and was very comfortable for sitting in but his own experience a few nights previously confirmed that it really wasn’t ideal to sleep on at all. Sipping at his coffee they chatted easily about work matters when he noticed Ellen rubbing her face like she was crying.

Checking she was ok Daniel nodded as she opened up about her upset at the project ending. He totally sympathised and understood all too well why Ellen might feel like that having devoted a full year of her life to the cruise ship and all its temporary residents. Reassuring her that she could stay in touch with everyone Daniel knew that he too would be devastated to no longer be working beside Ellen every day as he gazed at her tenderly glad that at least he’d come home to her every night. With his mind wandering as they laughed together at his laid back comment about the fact Dundee wasn’t that far away Daniel suddenly turned as Ellen appeared to change the subject saying that she wanted to visit Mykhaila’s mother in hospital after work the following day.

That summed up Ellen he thought. So caring, devoted, committed and determined, though looking at her now she looked almost burnt out, exhausted and even sad. Slightly concerned for her mental heath given the stress of work and her personal life situation with no new job or home he moved the conversation over to personal care, longing to pamper his girlfriend and show her her true worth. It was getting late though and they had barely eaten all day so finishing his coffee Daniel stood up, threw Ellen the blanket to keep her warm and returned to the kitchen to heat two more of his mum’s meals up. They were both far too tired to cook or even phone a delivery and at least whatever his mum had cooked would be Halal and nutritious.

Busying himself washing the mugs and tidying the kitchen while the food heated Daniel glanced into the lounge to see Ellen almost asleep as he looked at her beautiful face peeking out over the cover. Even with her hair all over the place and her face pale with tiredness he couldn’t help but bend down and kiss her cheek softly before returning to check on the food. Making two glasses of iced water he took them both through then returned to dish up the foot. Placing the plates on a tray on the coffee table he gently stroked Ellen’s face until she stirred.

“Dinner’s ready honey. We should probably just eat then head to bed. You look shattered baby.”

“I am.”

“I am too. Best to get some food in us though or we’ll wake up feeling sick and dizzy. Just eat what you can manage. I won’t be offended if you can’t manage it all.”

Sitting in the armchair Daniel began eating his own tea as he watched Ellen slowly sit up and reach for hers. Surprisingly they both finished every mouthful as he indicated silently to Ellen to head up to bed as he washed up and headed up behind her. It wasn’t even ten pm but by the time he’d joined Ellen in the room she was already in bed lying down half asleep. Having a quick wash, teeth brush, and pee Daniel then joined her, falling asleep quickly and not stirring until his Alexa woke him at 6:30am. Leaving Ellen to sleep on a bit longer he used the bathroom, showered and dressed and started on some breakfast for them both before work.

An hour later and Ellen was still asleep so Daniel gently woke her knowing she wouldn’t want to be late on their last even day on the Adventurer II. She was quick to shower and get dressed as he filled the washer dryer with clothes and towels and turned it on. Taking her hand as they were about to leave he leaned down to kiss her.

“This is it. Our last ever day on the cruise ship. Are you ready for this?”

“I think I’m going to need tissues Daniel.”

Pulling Ellen into his arms Daniel held her tight.

“I reckon we’ll be too busy to cry today. Come find me if you ever need a hug though. Promise me?”

“I promise. Daniel, will you come with me to visit Diana tonight? I’m not sure I can face it alone.”

“Of course I will. So are you wanting to take your own car or just come in mine?”

“I think I’d like us to go together please. I kind of like you Daniel Omari.”

“You only like me Ellen Hemmingdale?”

“Well maybe it’s a bit more than like. I think we should be leaving don’t you?”

*424*2024-04-08 23:40

On way for the final time

Snuggling under the blanket Ellen rested her head on a cushion on the arm of the couch feeling her eyes closing as her entire body rested. Drifting to sleep she felt a gentle hand stroking her face and woke to see Daniel’s face next to hers. Immediately smiling even as she came to her stomach groaned as he mentioned that dinner was ready. Sitting up to eat she still felt barely awake as she forked the food into her mouth not even caring what she was eating. Washing it down with a glass of water she was surprised how quickly the plate was empty as she looked over towards Daniel on the arm chair still finishing his off.

It was as if he could read her mind as his eyes looked up towards the staircase as his finger pointed in the same direction silently giving her permission to head up to bed. Passing the bathroom at the top of the stairs she popped in for a final wee and tooth brush before stripping her sweaty clothes off and climbing into bed in just her knickers. Curling under the duvet she quickly found herself drifting back to sleep again as the exhaustion of the day caught up with her body.

Completely unaware of Daniel coming to bed or getting up again she awoke once again to gently fingers stroking her cheeks and a sweet voice calling her name. Totally obvious to the time she jumped up in shock when Daniel informed her it was just after half past seven. Suddenly remembering about work she jumped out of bed quickly, did a long much needed pee then rushed into the shower. Speeding through washing her hair and body she slid Daniel’s wardrobe open to pull out the first top and leggings she had and quickly got dressed. Rubbing her hair with the towel she skipped the hairdryer for speed, even though she knew this would accentuate her natural waves, then headed downstairs for something to eat.

Within twenty minutes she was downstairs in the kitchen ready to leave feeling much more awake. Pulling her bag onto her shoulder she glanced over at Daniel as he walked towards her holding his hand out to take hers. With their eyes meeting her heart shuddered as Daniel leaned down to kiss her on the lips. The touch of his body, his smell and his warmth were so familiar now yet still so alluring and appealing. There was something so delightful about Daniel, so comforting and soothing, that made her feel quite emotional. That was only increased exponentially when Daniel pulled his lips away and spoke directly to her.

“This is it. Our last ever day on the cruise ship. Are you ready for this?”

“I think I’m going to need tissues Daniel.”

Feeling her eyes welling up already Ellen felt so happy when Daniel pulled her in and held her close. Her mind full of everything she had to face on her last ever day on the Adventurer II she couldn’t help but feel like crying thinking of Mykhaila and the times she’d spent the night with her on the ship. Wondering how she was doing she felt overcome with guilt at still not getting to visit Diana in hospital as much as she’d planned to. Aware how emotional she already was she cuddled her face into Daniel’s chest as she hoped he would still hear her.

“Will you come with me to visit Diana tonight? I’m not sure I can face it alone.”

Daniel’s quick response combined with his genuine care and concern for her touched her deeply. Despite the fact he’d had two very long busy days driving back and forth to Dundee he was still happy to come with her as he went on to ask her if she wanted to take her car to the ship. Ellen hadn’t even thought of that, wanting to be as close to Daniel as she could rather than feeling alone and vulnerable. Looking up at Daniel she felt caught by how deeply she felt for him. Asking to go with him she felt her heart pounding as she added on the end automatically.

“I kind of like you Daniel Omari.”

Of course he quipped back in true Daniel humour jesting with her and teasing her, questioning if she only liked him. It really was much much more than that now and they both knew it, yet still Ellen felt shy about saying it out loud. Changing the subject by suggesting they leave she loved how Daniel winked and smiled at her as if he knew exactly what she wanted to say but didn’t. Taking her hand again he lead her outside, only letting it go to lock the door behind them. Opening the car door for her Ellen climbed in and put her belt on as Daniel stepped in beside her and immediately rested his hand on her knee.

“I used to dream about you sitting beside me in my car like this. Back when I was still in the office and you were on the ship. Every time my phone went I would hope it was you wanting to pressure me into finding some miracle accommodation for another refugee or calling to tell me new information that you hoped might prioritise one of them that bit more, like Dmitro and Tetyana’s pregnancy. You had no idea that I was frantically fighting the powers that be higher up to get something big sorted out. I always hoped that might be in Glasgow and when I found out Archie was making a deal with Dundee city council the very first person I thought about was you. I knew you’d hate it and I was right. God how I loved hearing you give them all what for in that meeting three weeks ago. Id have let you go further except I was frozen in fear, sick with the guilt that I was complacent in getting the deal finalised.

Seeing you that night and sitting right beside you made my mouth dry and my body sweat. I wish I had told you sooner how beautiful you are, how amazing you look and how wonderful you are in every way. The thing about you though Ellen is that I honestly thought you just saw me as a colleague and nothing more. You are so good at keeping your true feelings secret. Today though honey, on our last day working together and your last ever day on the ship, I just want to say that it’s ok to get upset or stressed or frustrated, or however else you might feel. Don’t bottle everything up today darling. I can assure you we’ll all be feeling it today ok?”

Digging into her bag for a tissue Ellen dabbed at her wet eyes. Keeping her feelings and emotions to herself had become second nature, a way of preserving herself and protecting herself from hurt. She’d recognised the very same traits in so many of the refugees as they tried to forget and heal from major trauma and upheaval. She only hoped this lastest move wouldn’t set any of them back again.

“Thanks but if we don’t start making our way there the ship will be sailing away before we get there!”

Hearing the engine start Ellen dabbed at her eyes again. This morning Ihor, Bakai and Yan would be heading out to their nursery for the very last time and Katya, Faddei, Fadeyka, and the Shevchuk twins Liliya and Larysa would all be attending Pirie Park primary for their final day. With Mykhaila and Nadia they had been the final ten children left on the ship but now with baby Marichka born in Dundee just a matter of days ago it would be like a brand new start for them all.

If only she could be there to watch them grow up, finally in their own homes safe from bombs and war and surrounded by their own people in a community where they could play and learn and have fun in the security of not being made to move again.

That was all she’d ever wanted for all the refugees and secretly all she’d ever wanted for herself too.

*425*2024-04-10 23:11

Daniel’s last morning on the Adventurer II

Ellen wasn’t the only one feeling emotional as Daniel reached for Ellen’s hand to lead her out to the car. Opening her door like a true gentleman he waited for her to get in then walked around his car to climb in himself. Turning to look at Ellen he felt choked up with so much he wanted to tell her. Reaching out to place his hand fondly on her thigh he just had to tell her how much he used to look forward to her calls before he was seconded to the ship and how he’d liked her for so long. Being with her now was like his best dreams coming true and the thought of no longer working with her made him feel so sad and low. There really wasn’t anyone else quite like Ellen with her passion, commitment and enthusiasm. The way she cared for others, even going to visit refugees in hospital long after her working day was over, was second to none. The only tiny thing he could find fault with the beautiful woman beside him was that she never ever put herself first.

Reassuring Ellen that she wouldn’t be the only tearful and emotional person on the ship he hoped she knew just how huge today was for him too. He might not have such a personal bond with each ship resident as Ellen clearly had but for weeks now the project had become his entire life and letting it go wouldn’t be easy for anyone. Wiping his eyes he moved his hand finally onto the steering wheel as he reversed the car down the side of the house onto the road. Driving the familiar route to King George V port neither of them spoke much, both absorbed by their own thoughts about the day ahead. Parking in the car park Daniel was able to find a space very close to the gangway as they both got out the car and paused, gazing up at the huge cruise ship dominating the port.

“I remember thinking how luxurious this was when I first came for a tour last year.”

“I remember crying in shock when I first set foot inside. These ships were never build to be long term accommodation Daniel. They are fabulous for what they were designed for: short term holidays, but not for housing over a thousand refugees in tiny cabins with nothing to do all day and none of the facilities that a ship like this specialises in for its usual holiday makers. The lack of fresh air, the cramped conditions and the inability for people to be independent and autonomous is so destructive to people’s mental and physical health. I have loved working with the people on board so much but the accommodation? Not so much. I guess we’d better get on board for one last time though. Race you to the top of the gantry!”

Laughing at Ellen’s childish excitement Daniel walked briskly trying to catch her, dodging between residents coming down as he was going up. Signing in he looked up from the desk to see Ellen racing over towards Aran who looked like he’d grown several more grey hairs in the two days they’d been in Dundee. Heading over to join them he could hear Aran talking even before he reached him.

“Oh Ellen! I’m so glad you’re back! It’s been pandemonium here the last two days! Myroslavas been in tears saying she won’t have any money when she moves because she’s had to leave her job, Varya fell in the canteen yesterday and she’s now on crutches, which as you can imagine is a disaster with her cerebral palsy, Yakiv is going crazy about Mylana’s next scan and blood tests which he reckons are due next week and it looks like Stepan Guru will be moving after all as he’s been let out on bail! Loads of them are saying they need bags to put their belongings in and I’ve had numerous people telling me they now don’t want to move!”

“Jings, it’s been eventful then!”

“You could say that! Oh and I’ve just remembered that Katya asked me to give you this. The school is doing a wee goodbye assembly today for the kids and she wants you to go. I told her you’d probably be too busy but I promised I’d give you it anyway.”

Seeing Aran hand Ellen a letter Daniel leaned over to read it as Ellen held it up. He was still reading it when Celine joined them, quietly noticing that they were busy looking at something.

“Everything OK guys?”

“Oh hey Celine! It’s just a letter from Pirie Primary inviting friends and family to a goodbye assembly this morning for the refugee kid’s last day.”

“It probably won’t last long. I’d really like to go. It’s not until 10am so I’ll walk down later. The fresh air will clear my head a bit too. Anyway, how are you this morning? What time did you eventually get home last night?”

“It wasn’t too late. About half 8 ish. Ellis didn’t leave until nearer 10 though.”

“You invited him in?”

“It was just a coffee Ellen! Well he came in to use my bathroom initially. Poor guy was near having an accident. I thought he’d appreciate a coffee after the long drive.”

“He’s obviously a pretty slow drinker!”

Feeling Celine nudge him teasingly and seeing her blush Daniel knew he’d better quit before he said any more. Spying a free work desk he excused himself to set up his laptop leaving the others to catch up for a bit. Logging into his emails he started reading them before thinking that a coffee was in order for himself. Making himself one he automatically went to make Ellen a tea before realising she’d disappeared. Sighing knowing she’d already be off checking on all the various residents he settled for his single cup of coffee and returned to his laptop. Glad to see confirmation of the coaches for the following day he updated some more files then carried on working through his emails sorting final arrangements and tying up loose ends.

He’d almost finished his coffee when Ellen called by saying she was off to the primary school and that she’d be back before lunch. Arranging to meet her in their usual place at 12:30 he returned to his work until he was interrupted by Aran who had a question from one of the residents about internet in Tulloch Court. Discussing with his colleague various options Aran left to find the resident and update them leaving Daniel to plough throw the pile of work he needed to complete while all around him life on the cruise ship seemed to continue like there was nothing different about the day at all.

Glancing up he caught sight of poor Varya struggling on her crutches with her husband Oleksandr by her side. Wondering how she’d cope with the big move he consoled himself thinking of the lifts at Tulloch Court and hoping some of the others might help the young family with their belongings. His thoughts disturbed by his mobile ringing he picked it up to answer it, sighing as he noticed his boss’s name on screen.

“Oh hi Daniel. How’s things?”

“Not too bad thanks. Got pretty much everything in place for tomorrow. Is this about me coming back to the office on Thursday?”

“I’m afraid not Daniel. I’m sorry to have to tell you this but I’ve had yet another complaint about you this morning.”

“A complaint about me? What on earth about?”

“Our good friend Keith Bryan has been in contact with me again. Apparently you’ve been in Dundee this week at the tower block?”

“Yes I have. We’ve been trying to get the flats ready for tomorrow. Why?”

“Didn’t I tell you just last week to leave Dundee city to get on with their end and concentrate on your work in Glasgow? Keith is at the tower block this morning demanding to know why one of the ground floor flats is full of boxes in every room and where all the furniture he apparently brought over has been put? He’s not a happy man at all Daniel and he seems to think you are to blame.”

“I can explain everything Archie. To start with one of the team here has been exceptional at sourcing furniture. She struck up deals with a number of big name suppliers and even secured thousands of pounds worth of donations from IKEA. She also gathered donations from the community and a number of us volunteered to go over to Dundee on Sunday there to take it all over. IKEA couldn’t deliver until yesterday so we returned again yesterday to build flat pack beds and sofas and move them into the flats. I have to stress Archie that Dundee haven’t done anything at all. All 84 flats were totally bare. Not even a bed for the residents to sleep on. I couldn’t exactly ignore that and my conscience would not allow me to put over 100 people from here into coaches and dump them somewhere where they didn’t even have a bed to sleep on. There’s kids here Archie! Young kids! What was I meant to do?”

“So you took it upon yourself to override my instructions and act like some superhero? And what about this furniture Keith is moaning to me about? I assume he’s turned up with beds and wardrobes and tables and the likes and found you’ve filled the flats causing Dundee a massive problem?”

“Not at all. I’ll drop you a link via email but essentially Mr Bryan has simply taken excess used furniture from a recently closed nursing home and repurposed it for the flats. It’s highly inappropriate and inadequate and nowhere near enough for the amount of flats and residents either. He turned up yesterday with four vans and quite literally dumped everything on six floors of the tower block. Not even in the flats either. It was all left on the landings causing a fire hazard and blocking entry to the flats. For everyone’s safety we had no choice but to move it all. I can send you over a list of exactly what is in each flat if you’d like. I’ve kept comprehensive spreadsheets for everything. It’s all there Archie. I promise you that.”

“This is now the third complaint I’ve had concerning you Daniel since I placed you on this project. All I can say at this stage is that things are not looking good. After tomorrow I think it would be for the best if you stay away from Dundee for a long time to come. You’re not intending going over there tomorrow again are you? From what I hear the place will be swarming with media as I’ve already been asked for some quotes and interviews. I wouldn’t put it past this Keith guy to use that as an opportunity to publicly express his distain for you.”

“I haven’t discussed tomorrow’s arrangements yet with the team but I think a couple of them had suggested travelling over as a sort of hand over type thing. Some of us will have to remain here though to ensure everything is closed up and cleared.”

“Well make sure that is you. In fact once you have done all that I’d like you to come into the office in the afternoon and meet with me. We need to discuss your new case load and working arrangements. Stay away from Dundee. You hear me? See you at 1:30 in my office tomorrow, sharp.”

*426*2024-04-13 10:47

Apologies that the pace of this has slowed somewhat. I was away from home with very patchy internet for a few weeks. From tonight things should return to 5/6 chapters a week.

*427*2024-04-13 23:36

Ellen heads to the school

Staring out the window of Daniel’s car Ellen’s thoughts were all over the place. How could this possibly be her last official day on the Adventurer II? It hardly seemed possible, but yet the youngest guest, little Ihor, had just been a baby in his mother’s arms when the refugees had just arrived and now he was a funny smart two year old! Bakai wasn’t much older either and now he was running around the ship and even at nursery giving his mother Varya and father Oleksandr a much needed break and time to rest. Trying to imagine them both running around the community garden planned for the space where the other tower blocks had once stood in Dundee Ellen hoped with all her heart that their families would settle and the young boys would grow up free from war and terror.

Lost in her thoughts she blinked as Daniel pulled into the car park by the ship, its huge shadow making the entire inside of the car feel cold and dark. Getting out and staring up at the huge imposing ship Ellen wondered where it might go next and who might stay on board as it travelled from country to country. Glancing over at Daniel, who seemed to be lost in his own thoughts too as he looked towards the wooden gangway leading up onto the ship, Ellen was surprised to hear him talking about how luxurious he’d found the ship when he first went on board. Staring at him in disbelief she had to tell him exactly how she’d felt, which in so many ways was the exact opposite of what he had. Where he’d seen an abundance of freshly made food she’d seen people’s independence stripped away. Where he’d seen cute cosy cabins she’d seen claustrophobic living conditions. Where he’d seen perfect temporary housing she’d seen cramped conditions detrimental to people’s mental and physical health.

Grateful that at least her rant was more cathartic in nature now that everyone was moving away she sighed and determined herself to make the most of her final day. Smiling she looked over at Daniel and decided to tease him by racing him to be first on the ship.

Despite her weight and size Ellen wasn’t too shocked to win having never seen Daniel run in all the months she’d worked with him. He was too dignified, too officious, to ruin his suit and tie by running but with his longer legs Ellen knew he was still probably right behind her already. Signing in for the final time Ellen felt giddy with trepidation as she looked around for a familiar face to cling to. Seeing Aran she walked briskly towards him grateful for his friendly face. He seemed just as keen to see her, if not keener, as he updated her on the affairs of the ship since she’d last been there on Friday. With over 100 people still on board there was always something going on but hearing Aran’a exasperated voice Ellen knew already that things had been even more intense than normal. Taking a mental note of all the names he mentioned she was just thinking of looking for some of them when he handed her a letter.

Holding it up to read with Daniel beside her she moved the letter more towards him so he could read too as she scanned it quickly to see what it said. Hearing Celine as she walked up to them she looked up as Daniel shared the contents of the letter with their colleague.

“Everything ok?”

“Oh hey Celine! It’s just a letter from Pirie Primary inviting friends and family to a goodbye assembly this morning for the refugee kid’s last day.”

“It probably won’t last long. I’d really like to go. It’s not until 10am so I’ll walk down later. The fresh air will clear my head a bit too. Anyway, how are you this morning? What time did you eventually get home last night?”

Smiling at her friend as she blushed shari about Ellis staying at hers for a few hours Ellen guessed that things were progressing well. Of course Celine was adamant it was just a coffee, though Ellen was pretty sure it might have been more. Hoping to get some time to chat with her privately about it later she nodded to Daniel as he excused himself to go work as she checked in with Aran more to work out who to call in to see first. Deciding on Yakiv and Mylana she thought back to her recent conversations with the couple as she walked towards their cabin on the second floor. Knocking their door she pushed it open tentatively to find them both inside wedged together on the tiny couch watching TV. With Mylana’s bump growing by the day Ellen walked over to them as Yakiv turned the TV down.

Taking the time to really listen to them as they both became emotional about Mylana’s antenatal care Ellen reached out her hand to take Mylana’s.

“Everything will be ok. I promise you both. We’ll get you enrolled with a new doctor this week and your notes are all here. Look! You take this with you so wherever you are seen they know all your details. There’s an excellent maternity hospital in Dundee too. How about I give the midwives a call and see if they can pop around today to check you over and make sure everything is ok? I can’t promise there will be someone available but I’ll do my very best. Are you eating ok and feeling ok?”

“She’s been getting tired and teary and getting a burning here..”

Watching as Yakiv pointed to his upper chest Ellen nodded.

“Indigestion. I’m heading out this morning to an assembly at the nearby school. I’ll pick you up some heartburn medicine on the way back. It’s perfectly safe to take in pregnancy so don’t worry. I expect the nurse will be in today for her last day too. If you’re worried I’m sure she’d check you over too. I’ll pop back with the medicine later today. Just rest as much as you can. You’ve both got a very busy day tomorrow.”

Excusing herself from them, content that they were both fine, Ellen was just making her way to see Oleksandr and Varya when she noticed Stepan. Running after him she blocked his way in the corridor forcing him to speak to her. In a mixture of Ukrainian and English Ellen just about made out that he had been shoplifting for a while. It wasn’t something she ever felt she’d justify but seeing the lost look in his eyes she knew he’d only been doing it as a means of survival. Alone in a strange country, penniless and scared, still just a teenager all on his own Ellen longed to sweep him up and mother him as she threw her arms around his skinny frame and told him to pack up for the move. Seeing him nodding she was about to make her way to check on Varya when she noticed the time.

Heading back downstairs via the canteen to grab a take away tea she paused to tell Daniel that she was leaving just long enough for them to quickly arrange a lunch meeting before she signed out and headed down Renfrew Street sipping at her tea as she walked. Enjoying the fresh air she noted the busy roads and industrial buildings as she shook her head thinking of the poor Shevchuk twins walking the same way all alone after school. Really hoping their young mum would be more responsible in Dundee she kept a close eye on the time as she finished her tea and disposed of the cup in a small bin as she turned down Kennedar Drive towards the school.

Walking around the side of the Park Villa community sports hub with its new built joint campus with the primary school Ellen brushed herself down and ran her fingers through her hair. The walk had been refreshing and reviving but the cup of tea probably hadn’t been her best idea as she buzzed the school entry wondering if she had the courage to ask to use their toilet.

