Human needs

Author: Mandymom

*000*2022-01-14 19:14

Here it is-the first (posted) Teddie piss fic to hit the internet.

###

“Mmgh…” Teddie mumbled, squirming. “It needs to come out…”

“Huh? Teddie are you-” Yosuke asked.

“Y-Yosuke you gotta help me!” Teddie cried, clinging to him.

“W-Hey don’t grab onto me!” Yosuke yelled, shoving Teddie off him.

Teddie grabbed his crotch. “P-Please hurry…it might start coming out on it’s own…”

“Oh.” Yosuke sighed. “You don’t know what going pee is…”

Teddie frantically nodded, getting back up on his feet. “I’ve never needed to do things like that before, so I wasn’t exactly sure what it was called…so, wait, humans needing to do things like that is normal?”

“Yep, it’s totally normal. Come on, I’ll take you to the toilet…” Yosuke sighed.

“T-Thank you so much!” Teddie replied. He followed Yosuke, hand still firmly in his crotch. “ I feel so e-embearrsed right now…”

“No, no. It’s my fault, I shoulda told you where it was.” Yosuke said. “Here you go, now make it quick.” He said, opening the door and turning to leave.

Teddie used his other hand to also grab his crotch. “B-But what do I do?!”

“Oh I shoulda thought of that…” Yosuke sighed. “Well uh…that’s the toilet. You get your pants and underwear outta the way. Oh and, you need to have the door closed…”

“Okay!” Teddie shut the door, then stripped naked from the waist down, setting his underwear and pants to the side. “I thought it was forbidden to remove your clothing.”

“W-Well, usually it is, but in cases like these, you need to get your clothes outta the way to avoid getting them dirty.” Yosuke replied. “Now uh…on your crotch there’s an organ that uh-”

“You mean my penis?” Teddie asked. “It’s multifunctional?”

“...Yes. You see that over there? That’s the toilet. You aim your penis into it and let go.” Yosuke said, pointing to just that. “So I’ll give you some privacy then-”

The second Yosuke explained what exactly Teddie had to do, he was already going. “I’m letting it out…it feels so good…”

“H-Hey, wait you’re doing it in front of me?!” Yosuke stammered, cheeks red hot.

Teddie ignored what Yosuke said, simply moaning in relief. “This is so blissful…”

Yosuke quickly scrambled out of the bathroom, shutting the door behind him. “He musta had to have gone so bad that the moment I said how to get relief he just went for it…”

“Ahhhhh~being human is so great…” Teddie moaned, worsening how flustered Yosuke was. Things felt awkward as it seemed time came to a stand still, untill…”Oh, it’s all outta me now. Hey Yosuke, what do I do now?”

“Well first of all you need to put your pants and underwear back on…then open the door back up and I’ll explain how to wash your hands…” Yosuke answered. “Geez, you were so damn loud…people might get the wrong idea…”

Teddie opened the door. “Huh? Whatcha mean?”

Yosuke blushed. “Well uhm…you sound like you enjoyed it…”

“Eh? I guess I got a little carried away in expressing my happiness. Wait.” Teddie sniffed the air. He immediately stumbled backwards. “I-I’m not ready for that kind of commitment…” He covered his face, blushing in embarrassment. “Are you in heat, Yosuke?”

“Humans don’t go into heat, dumbass!” Yosuke protested. He quickly noticed the bulge that had formed in his pants and shoved his hands in his pockets.

“Oh, I know. It was just a joke, but I’m serious about not wanting to mate with you…” Teddie said, staying on guard. “But…what caused this to awaken within you…? You smell really eager…”

“D-Don’t call it mating-you’re making this harder than it has to be…sometimes unconventional things illicit reactions in people that are unexpected.” Yosuke replied. “L-Let’s just go back to my room, I gotta think.”

“If I’m gonna have my first time, I’d honestly prefer it if it were with Sensei…he’s really special to me…” Teddie admitted. “Oh wait, I almost forgot! I gotta wash my hands!”

Yosuke nodded, grateful Teddie mentioned something else. “You turn the handle on the sink, like this. Then you put your hands under the water.”

Teddie put his hands under the stream of the sink. “Ok, anything else?”

Yosuke handed Teddie the bar of soap. “Rub this between your hands, and then rinse it off. It’ll clean them.”

Teddie followed Yosuke’s instructions, getting his hands all soapy, then rinsing them off. “What do I do now that my hands are all wet?”

“Use a hand towel to dry them off.” Yosuke answered. Teddie does so.

“Thanks for helping me out like this Yosuke!” Teddie said. “Is this something I’ll have to do on a regular basis, or just a one time thing?”

“On a regular basis.” Yosuke replied. “But it’ll be quite a while before you’d need to go again.”

