The Potions Master and his Little Overachiever - Page 2

*020*2020-02-23 11:53

Chapter Eight: Potions Class 

“I’m exhausted” Hermione murmured sleepily against Severus’ chest. 

Both were lying in a pool of cooling piss and the temperature in the dungeons had dropped significantly since their heated experience. 

Severus made a sound of agreement and spelled away their mess with just a wave of his hand. 

“Intense sensations can often do that to you” Severus replied, feeling equally tired. 

He forced himself to stand up, and offered his young student a hand, and pulled her to her feet. 

“That was -“ Hermione began, not quite sure how to describe just how amazing and euphoric the experience had been. 

Severus nodded in agreement, he knew exactly what she was trying to convey. 

“And how do you feel Miss Granger? Any pain?” He asked, hoping that she was alright. 

He knew she would’ve told him if she wasn’t. 

Hermione nodded. 

“A little achy, and I need to pee again” she admitted. 

“Please, the facilities are just through there” Severus gestured towards a closed door across the room. 

She looked shocked that she had been given permission to pee. 

Severus tolled his eyes. 

“I told you, I don’t intend to break you Granger. Your bladder has had quite the workout tonight, and we shall give your bladder a break” Severus informed her. 

She nodded in thanks, and moved rouse the bathroom. She felt cared for by her professor, and gave him a small smile. She was glad that her bladder was going to be given some time out from their game. 

Truth be told, Severus was feeling the same way. He hadn’t done a hold like that in quite some time. He really needed to practice again now that he was being called to Death Eater meetings more frequently. He was in deep though, when Hermione emerged from the bathroom. 

“Let’s get you back to your dormitory” he stated, wondering if he should use the facilities before he set off on his trek to the other side of the castle with his student. 

“Sure” she said, as she moved towards the door. 

Severus made the decision to escort his student back to her rooms first. 

It had been a decision he was nearly made to regret. 
. 
. 
. 
The following morning, Severus woke early. After having only four hours of sleep, due to his persistent overworked bladder wanting to release every 45 minutes, he tossed and turned unable to sleep anymore. He got up. 

He sleepily made it through his usual morning routine. When he took his usual morning piss, he was instantly reminded of the evening before. 

He recalled his monumental release with his student, on the cold dungeon floor. He recalled as he walked her back to her dormitory, and then had to quickly walk back to his own rooms due to his own exhausted bladder suddenly refilling once again. That had been a close call, if any wayward student had been roaming the halls and seen him.... 

He winced, he didn’t even want to think about the ridicule that would’ve caused. He shook out of his own thoughts, as he shook the last drops off his own cock, and zipped up his trousers. 

He noticed that there were still three hours before breakfast would be served in the Great Hall. He looked at his tired reflection in his bathroom mirror, and sighed. He would make some potions for the hospital wing to pass the time. 
. 
. 
. 
On the other side of the castle, Hermione woke, jostled out of sleep as her roommates started bustling around, getting ready for the school day ahead. 

Hermione groaned as she forced herself out of bed. She stretched, feeling a satisfying kind of tired, as she got ready for the day. 

The ache in her lower abdomen had now gone, but she would take her professors advice and take it easy today. She would use the bathroom whenever she felt the need to. 

She smiled at her reflection in the mirror, and made her way to breakfast. She knew she had potions just before lunch, and she was slightly thrilled at the idea of seeing her potions professor again. 

...

Severus walked hastily towards the Great Hall, the potions brewing had taken longer than expected, and he was now late for breakfast. Severus knew that if he didn’t make an appearance at any meal, he would get a bollocking from the headmaster. 

All that aside, Severus had wanted to go to breakfast. He could really do with the coffee to prepare himself for a day full of dunderheads. 

... 

Hermione entered potions class for her double lesson before lunch. She had been slightly concerned about her potions professor when she saw him at breakfast that morning. She had noticed that he looked overtired, the three coffees had attested for that! 

However, as the potions professor began his usual teaching, and wrote the ingredients for their potions lesson today, Hermione noticed something was...off. 

... 

Severus gulped as his fifth year students had entered the room, he knew he was in trouble. 

After taking his morning piss earlier than usual that morning, and having had three coffees at breakfast, Severus’ achy out-of-practice bladder from the night before, had started to protest. 

On a normal day, Severus would piss once in the morning and then once in the evening before bed. He might normally feel a slight pressure in his bladder towards the evening, but it was bearable and Severus was always able to wait. 

However, after the night before, his bladder had been significantly weakened, and those three coffees from breakfast were starting to pay merry hell on his bladder. 

Severus knew he was just going to have to suck it up, the students were brewing a complex potion today, and there would be chance for him to take a piss break. 

Taking a deep breath, Severus tried to convince himself that the slight sweat that had formed on his forehead, was because of thirty cauldrons all bubbling away on the high heat. 

... 

Hermione watched her professor with great interest, he looked uncomfortable. She worried her lip slightly, was he feeling ok? 

... 

Thirty minutes into the two hour class, and Severus was starting to panic. 

His piss filled dick was throbbing, Severus could feel it twitching in his underwear, begging to be gripped tightly into submission. Severus’ bladder was signalling that it was already full, he severely needed to piss. 

“Ummm, professor...?” A voice, startled him out of his thoughts. 

He looked out into the sea of students, and noticed his little overachiever sat patiently with her hand in the air. She had clearly been trying to get his attention for a while. 

“What, Miss Granger?” He hissed at her, as he gave a quick sneaky pinch to the tip of his aching cock. 

“Can you come and check my potion, I think it’s ready for the next stage? She replied. 

“If it’s not Granger, it will cost you a high number of house points” he stated at her. 

He slowly stood up, careful not to jostle his bladder, and made his way over to her. He inspected her cauldron, and told her everything was fine. 

“Are you ok?” She heard her whisper quietly. 

He looked at her, and she took in his posture. 

Severus knew the moment she had worked it all out, her eyes went wonderfully wide, and her jaw dropped slightly in shock. For a man who had such composure and control, to give any indication towards his current plight, this meant that he was bordering on losing control. 

She looked over at the clock and noticed that there was still 90 minutes left of the lesson. She took in his posture once more, and grimaced at the unfortunate situation her professor was currently in. 

“Will you be ok?” She whispered again. 

Severus just sent her a scathing look, she took that to mean ‘no’. 

Severus had found that standing, and moving around, had actually helped his situation a little. So he wandered around the classroom, inspecting all the potions. Until the sound of liquid bubbling got to him. 

He retreated to his desk, and sat down a bit ungracefully, his hand immediately flying to the top of his dick. He could feel a drop forming, dear god! Was he that close to leaking? 

Severus panicked. 

... 

Hermione noticed, and knew he was gonna wet his robes at any second. She also noticed that he looked slightly pained, this had to be his worst nightmare. He was close to pissing himself in front of a group of students who weren’t known for being the most forgiving. If he let go, and the class noticed, he would never live it down. 

Hermione watched his face for a moment, as a peculiar expression appeared on his features. Dear god! Had her potions professor just leaked in class? 

... 

Severus was gripping his cock tightly, his bladder had just contracted and forced an enormous leak to jet out from the tip of his penis, and instantly soak his underpants. He swore under his breath, and unfastened his trouser buttons so he could get a more direct grip on himself. 

Severus tried to breathe evenly, so not to draw attention to himself. As he breathed in, so another leak escaped from his death grip. 

He was struggling to stop the powerful leaks, in a few minutes he knew that the leaks would be a full on stream. 

He was lost to his personal battle, until he heard a voice trying to get his attention. 

“Professor, I need to collect the ingredients for phase three of the potion” Hermione said. 

Severus looked at her, and answered her as he leaked, with his underwear soaked, into his trousers. 

“Then collect the ingredients from the cupboard then” he snapped at her. 

“But the ingredients are on the top shelf sir, I will need your assistance to reach them” she said. 

Severus realised that she was giving him a way out, if he could just make it to the cupboard. 

“Alright Miss Granger, go ahead, I shall be one moment” Severus said, he knew he needed to prepare himself to stand. 

Hermione went ahead into the large supply cupboard, and waited for her professor. She quickly started looking around for something that the desperate professor could relieve himself in. 

She eyed a medium sized cauldron, it would have to do. 

Severus had managed to stand, with his trousers still unbuttoned, and was thankful for his robes. 

He began to walk towards the store cupboard, as he started to piss a full stream into his trousers. His crotch, and thighs, instantly soaked. The full piss was now making its way down the legs of his trousers. 

He managed to make it to the cupboard, and shut himself inside. 

As soon as he was in. Hermione cast a privacy, and silencing charm on the room. No students would be able to hear. 

Hermione could hear a loud hissing sound. 

“Are you pissing yourself?” Hermione asked in shock. 

“I’m pissing, I can’t stop! Dear gods I can’t stop it!” He said, as he relaxed against the door due to his legs giving out to the forceful stream. 

Hermione vanished the professors robes, and she could see just how wet his unbuttoned trousers were. It didn’t look like he was going to be stopping any time soon either. 

Whilst her professor was lost to the battle between his legs, Hermione grabbed the medium cauldron. 

She put her other hand down the professors wet trousers, and fished for his leaking cock. 

She found it, and pulled the overworked organ from its confines, and angled it down towards the cauldron. 

“Fuck!” The professor hissed, as he noticed his overachiever saving his trousers from soaking anymore. 

Hermione held the professors cock, and felt the stream move as it forced its way to the tip and out into the cauldron. 

Hermione stood in this position, for about a minute and a half, until the stream weakened and his cock just dribbled. 

“You really had to go!” Hermione murmured amazed, his cock still in her hand. 

“Gods yes!” Severus groaned, as the pressure in his bladder eased significantly. 

He took a few moments to catch his breath, and then looked down at his little overachiever. 

His tired cock hardened instantly at the sight. There she was, her hand holding his dribbling cock downward towards a cauldron full of his piss. 

Hermione noticed the organ in her hand stiffening and changing length. She looked up at her professor and smiled mischievously. 

“Now that is a problem that you can control yourself” she smiled, as she cancelled the charms and left the storeroom with the necessary potions ingredients. 

“Tease” Severus muttered under his breath, as he tucked his hardened member back into its restricted confines. 

He spelled his soaked clothes dry, and vanished the piss. After donning his robes once more, he stepped out of the storeroom and headed for his desk to sit. He could feel the fabric of his underwear rubbing seductively against his hardened member. He had already nearly pissed himself in front of his students, he would have to control his throbbing erection as punishment. 


*021*2020-08-02 13:16
... 

Edited August 2, 2020 by LooneyTune (see edit history)

*022*2020-08-02 13:22
A/N: I know I haven’t updated in ages, but I hope this is a welcome surprise and has been worth the wait! I hope everyone is well and looking after themselves. Remember: wash your hands, social distance, and wear face masks. Let’s all look after each other!!! 
. 
. 
. 

Chapter Nine: A Game Changer 

A few days after the incident in his potions class, Severus had been trying to come up with another piss game that he could play with his favourite overachiever. He knew that her trial period would soon be at an end, and he wanted to end the trial with something good. 

Of course, the opportunities were endless, it was a matter of making the best decision. 

However, after much debate, he smirked as the perfect idea hit him. 
. 
. 
. 
Hermione had been on tenterhooks for the last few days. She knew that her trial period was coming to an end, and she fully expected her potions master to ‘go out with a bang’. She hated to admit that the unknown made her more than a little nervous. 

She thought about what would happen after she had finished her trial period, but she knew that she fully intended to continue the games with Severus. The only problem for her was that it meant surrendering all control of her body and trusting the mysterious man completely. She knew that he would never hurt her, which made her more comfortable with the idea of continuing the games. 
. 
. 
. 
As Hermione’s latest marked essay was placed on her potions desk, she noticed a comment at the bottom. 

‘Stay behind after class’ the familiar scrawl said. 

Hermione subtlety bit her lip at the implications of those four words. 

After the class had ended, and students had been dismissed, Hermione stayed seated. 

Her friends gave her a curious glance about why she wasn’t packing up her belongings, and she explained that their potions professor wanted to speak with her about her essay. 

After a couple of minutes of convincing her best friends that she could manage on her own, they reluctantly left her to the mercy of the potions professor. 
. 
. 
. 
Severus remained seated at his desk as he watched his little overachiever’s friends vacate the classroom. 

He then cast a locking and silencing charm around the classroom so that the conversation between the two of them could not be overheard. 

“Miss Granger, do you have any idea why I have asked you to stay behind?” Severus asked her. 

Hermione nodded. 

“The trial period is almost over...” Hermione replied. 

“Indeed” he said. 

The pair sat in a somewhat comfortable silence for a couple of minutes before the potions master spoke again. 

“And, how do you feel about the last couple of weeks?” He asked her. 

“I’ve enjoyed what we’ve been doing” she replied openly and honestly. 

“Then why did you hesitate when you said that?” He asked her. 

“I honestly would love to continue what we have been doing, I have really enjoyed the last couple of weeks and I want this to go deeper. However, being the overachieving, bossy, controlling, know-it-all that I am, I know that I will find it difficult at first to completely relinquish all control of my body to you - even though I do trust you completely” she said. 

Severus paused a moment to contemplate her words. 

“Well, I’m glad you wish to continue this. I will also be happy to continue this. As for your concerns about control, I have spent the last couple of weeks watching you when we play these games. I know when is too far, and I know when you can be pushed a little harder. I know your signs, subtle at first but becomes more obvious. I recognise your facial expressions and body language at every stage of desperation. I know when you leak, when you wet, when you are on the verge of letting go. You forget, I am a spy, it is my business to recognise these sorts of things. You have been good at playing these games, especially for someone who is new, and I think you underestimate your abilities sometimes. You do give over control, and I understand that in the beginning it will be difficult and you might sometimes forget yourself, but that’s half the fun. You will learn. We have code words in place, we have trust, and safety measures laid out. Are you definitely sure that you consent to the next level of this?” He asked her. 

She nodded without hesitation. 

“Absolutely” she said. 

Severus nodded. 

“Right then, I will draw up the bones of a contract between the two of us, and we will discuss all points before we both sign it” he said to her. 

“Ok, I look forward to it sir” she smiled. 

“Is there anything in particular you particularly enjoy or hate about this?” He asked her. 

“I enjoy the uh...the umm pleasure, that sometimes happens” she said awkwardly. 

Severus nodded, it wasn’t what he was expecting, but he was thrilled by it nonetheless. 

Severus stood and approached her, and handed her a bracelet with a lucky charm attached to it. 

She stared at him in confusion. 

“You have been working on the ‘protean charm’ recently, yes?” He asked. 

She nodded. 

“This bracelet works in the same way. I have an identical bracelet and so we can communicate. If I send you a message, the bracelet will heat up slightly around your wrist and the message will appear on the charm. You can do the same if you need to contact me” he informed her. 

“Wow, thank you” she said to him, as she put the bracelet on. 

“Indeed. Now that’s all sorted, it’s a Hogsmeade visit this weekend is it not?” He asked her. 

“Yes sir” she replied. 

“Come to my office in the morning before you leave for the village” he commanded her. 

Hermione gulped. 

“Yes sir” she agreed. 

He smirked at her, and dismissed her. 

It would definitely be a Hogsmeade visit she would not forget. 
. 
. 
. 
Hermione woke the following morning, her wrist slightly burning. She shot up in bed as she realised what that meant. 

“Come to my office before you leave for Hogsmeade. DO NOT piss until you have spoken to me” the message read. 

Hermione bit her lip, she could already feel the pressure in her bladder like she did every morning when she woke. 

She decided to quickly get ready, the sooner she got down to the dungeons the better. 
. 
. 
. 
On her way down to the dungeons, she ran into Professor McGonagall who was walking with the potions professor. 

“Where do you think you are rushing off to girl?” McGonagall asked her favourite pupil. 

“Well, I...” she began, looking at the potions professor who smirked at her. 

McGonagall shook her head. 

“You’re not going anywhere before you’ve had a decent breakfast in you. You know the rules, all students must attend all meals unless excused by the nurse or a teacher. To the great hall Miss Granger, now” McGonagall said, doing a very good impression of a fussing Molly Weasley. 

Hermione nodded, and turned in the direction of the great hall, knowing her professors were following her to breakfast. 

Her bracelet warmed her wrist again. 

“Well done, hold it young lady” the message read. 
. 
. 
. 
Hermione attacked her breakfast with a ferocity that Ron would have been prod of. She wanted to finish her meal quickly, she was really needing to talk to Severus as quickly as possible. 

She finished her breakfast, downed her pumpkin juice, and made to leave the table. To her dismay, the potions professor was still sat at the teachers table, and it didn’t look like he had taken more than one mouthful of his breakfast. 

She halted in her tracks, as she looked at him, he smirked back knowingly. 

She sat back down at the table, and felt her wrist warm up again. 

“Looks like you’ll have to wait until I’m finished Granger” the messages said. 

She wanted to groan. 

She wasn’t ‘on-the-brink’ desperate to piss, but the constant need was there. Having nothing else to think about but her pressing need, she squirmed as she waited. 
. 
. 
. 
Severus was delighted at the display. This wasn’t exactly what he had planned for that morning but the opportunity presented itself and he took it with both hands. 

He watched, fully erect, as his favourite overachiever squirmed absentmindedly in her seat. He slowly ate his breakfast, he was going to enjoy this. 
. 
. 
. 
Finally, after 30 minutes, Severus had finished his meal. He got up and headed for the dungeons, knowing that she would follow immediately. 

As Hermione made her way through the corridors down to the dungeons, she wanted to cross her legs but knew it would slow her down. She was trying to keep up with Severus, the sooner she got there the better. 

Unbeknownst to Hermione, Severus had quickly ducked into a hidden alcove as he exited the great hall. He followed her as she made her way down to the dungeons, he wanted to watch her. 

Knowing that she hadn’t had her morning piss yet, he knew she would be feeling it by now. She was probably reaching nearly 12 hours with no release, and he wanted to watch how she moved through the castle with a full bladder. 
. 
. 
. 
As Hermione made it to the dungeon, she was feeling desperate. Not so much that she was on the verge of wetting, but the breakfast pumpkin juice was not helping her plight. 

She knocked on the door and waited. 

“It’s open” a familiar voice announced from behind her. 

She whirled around startled, and saw her potions professor grinning at her. 

“Today would be nice Miss Granger” he said. 

She went in, the potions master following behind. 

Once inside, Hermione stared at him, waiting for her next instruction. 

“Sit down on that chair” he said as he pointed to the chair next to his at his desk. 

Hermione sat on the odd looking chair. The arms were quite a width apart for one another, as were the legs. The seat of the chair was curious, Hermione could sense magic there but could visibly see nothing out of the ordinary. 

The potions master drew her attention back to him. 

“I am going to explain the rules for you today, Miss Granger” Severus said. 

Hermione bit her lip, casually crossed her legs, and squirmed. 

Severus smirked as he watched her desperate need increase. 

“You are going to go to Hogsmeade, join your friends in whatever frivolity you wish. Go shopping, dine at the pub, and relax. You will stay with your friends the entire time, and only leave to come back to the castle when they do. However, you are not to piss until I say you can. I will be around the village for the day, but you will need to come and ask me permission to piss should the need arise. I will tell you the next instructions from there. Remember, no pissing without my permission, and no leaving your friend’s side. If you manage to make it back to Hogwarts, then you are to immediately return here” he told her. 

Severus had left out the part where he planned to join her in holding his piss during their venture to Hogsmeade. He needed to practice holding again anyway. 

She nodded as continued nibbling at her lip, she knew she was in for a long day. Her bladder was already currently screaming at her and she knew she would have to release before she even left the castle. 

“Professor, may I release now? Before I leave? I have followed your instructions this morning” she pleaded him, as she pressed her hand into her womanhood. 

“You have done extraordinarily well this morning, since I presume you haven’t pissed since last night?” He asked. 

She took a shaky breath, and nodded. 

“Then let me explain the chair you’re currently sat on. That chair, is a design of my own. It has a hole in the centre of the seat for a reason. I can magically open and close that hole whenever I wish. Attached underneath the hole, I put a receptacle of my choosing: a cauldron, a bowl, a bucket. It is intended so that you can be tied to the chair for extended periods of time. Should you need to piss, then you can. But, if the hole is closed then you know that it’s an indication to stop pissing. If the hole is open but there is no receptacle underneath, you will know to stop pissing. If the hole is open and a receptacle is attached, you know you have permission to piss. I intend to use this chair more often in our future encounters” he explained. 

Hermione was impressed, it was so simple, but had so much control. 

“I look forward to it sir” she said, trying to end the conversation quickly before her bladder exploded. 

Severus could tell she was about ready to piss herself in the chair and a thought suddenly occurred to him. 

“But why wait? You’re already here” he smirked. 

Hermione gasped as her hands were magically removed from her crotch and tied to the arms of the chair. She leaked instantly but felt the wetness spread through to her bum. She knew the hole in the chair was now closed. 

The professor magically removed her shoes, socks, jeans and her now damp knickers. She looked lovely to him - as the flushed, squirming mess that she was in that moment. 

Severus’ throat went dry at the sight of her. 

Without the use of her hands, and the now cold dungeon air teasing her urethra, Hermione was struggling to hold on. 

Next, Severus magically tied Hermione’s feet to the chair legs. Purposefully so that her legs could not close. 

The pressure in Hermione’s bladder increased tenfold with no hands to help and the inability to close her legs. 

Severus licked his lips as he noticed a couple of golden drops appear from the girl’s piss hole. He still had not allowed the chair hole to open. 

The bursting girl groaned as she realised she still didn’t have permission to piss. 

“Professor please...” she whimpered as she felt the last threads of her control fraying. 

Then suddenly, Hermione felt the chair hole open and almost cried in relief. She instantly let go, piss starting to gush from her. She then felt her feet getting wet, and realised that there was no receptacle attached underneath. 

“Stop Miss Granger” he said to her. 

Hermione cried out in desperation as she was forced of cut off what was going to be a satisfying stream. 

She had stopped the stream but little drops were still forcing their way out of her, and she couldn’t stop them. 

She closed her eyes, as her head fell back. She clenched her muscles for everything they were worth. 

The next thing she felt, shocked a leak out of her. Her eyes popped open, and she strained her neck to see if it was real. 

There was a receptacle catching her involuntary drops of gold. 

The receptacle felt warm around her nether regions, almost like a bottle had been placed there. 

But, as she looked, she noticed that her positions professor had disappeared from where he was stood moments before. 

He was now underneath the chair hole. 

Hermione froze for a second. 

He was the receptacle currently catching her golden drops. The heat of his mouth was what she could feel around her. 

Her arousal spiked. 

“Professor please, I can’t do this, it’s so dirty” she gasped, the last threads of her control had slipped. 

Severus noticing her womanhood widening, knew that she was about to let go. So he cruelly placed his fingers strongly over her urethral opening. 

She squealed at the sensation. His firm fingers were a very welcome breath of fresh air. As Hermione instantly gained control once more. 

The reprieve only lasted a minute, as her professor started massaging his fingers against her, teasing her urethra and her full bladder. 

“No professor, you’re going to make me...” she tried to warn, as a leak forcefully escaped her. 

She groaned, as she felt her professor catch her piss. 

Her mind was reeling. She couldn’t allow him to drink her piss. 

Severus knew that she was about to burst, and knew that he would never be able to keep up with her gushing stream without choking to death. 

So he prepared for her monumental release. He conjured a large glass measuring bottle. The mouth of the bottle fit perfectly around the chair hole so that it would catch every drop. He enlarged the bottle so that the bottom of it touched the floor whilst the mouth still fit snuggly around the chair hole. 

Severus prepared to remove his fingers as soon as the golden liquid started to splatter uncontrollably out of his overachiever’s tired muscles. 

Hermione was hearing white noise as her body took control. She knew she was about to void her bladder straight onto her professors massaging fingers. She could do nothing to stop it. 

“Fuck!!! I’m gonna...” was the only warning she was able to give. 

Severus instantly removed his fingers and placed the mouth of the bottle underneath her. 

His soaked fingers instantly went to his hard prick, which was straining against his trousers. He palmed himself over his trousers as he listened to Hermione’s scream of release. 

He watched as the hot, near clear liquid started filling the measuring bottle. Condensation forming as it did. The noise of liquid occupying the otherwise silent room. 

It didn’t take Severus long to reach his climax, shooting his load into his boxers and trousers, as he took in the mess that was his overachiever. 

Hermione was lost to the sensation of release. Letting go of everything she was holding in. 

She didn’t know how long she lay there in bliss before her stream began to trickle into nothingness. 

After she finished her release, she took a moment to contemplate what had happened. She noticed her professor sat on the floor in front of her chair, staring at her with a flushed look of animalistic lust. She imagined she looked much the same. 

“Thank you master” she rasped. 

Severus watched her a moment longer and then collected the bottle from underneath her. He held it up to show her just how much piss had been inside her. 

She gawked at the bottle of her spent liquid. She was impressed with herself, she knew she had been full but she had always thought her bladder was much smaller than that. Apparently not. 

“Well done Miss Granger. We shall call this chair a success. Now we must both ready ourselves for the Hogsmeade visit. You have accepted a challenge today” he reminded her. 

Hermione sighed, she was already exhausted and she hadn’t even left the castle yet. 




























*026*2020-12-02 11:12
Hi all!!! Thank you all for your comments and for being patient with me. I do intended to continue with this story, but it will be as and when I can do it. However, the next chapter is ready and I hope you all enjoy it!!! 
Chapter 10: Hogsmeade 
After the monumental release in Severus Snape’s office, Hermione felt a lot better - although a little embarrassed. Her professor had drunk some of her piss as she had leaked. He even placed his fingers against her to enable her to hold out a little longer. Hermione had never felt anything so intimate before but she found that she had quite liked the entire situation. That was, after all, the most important thing regarding this newfound situation with her professor - trust. By Merlin, she trusted him and somehow that was all that mattered. There was a mutual trust, respect, and understanding between potion master and overachiever and Hermione couldn’t help but feel excited at what the official contract between them would entail. 
Hermione was pulled out of her musings by an excitable Harry and Ron, who had been waiting impatiently for her in the courtyard so that they could walk to Hogsmeade together like they always did. 
“Where you been Mione? You ready to go?” Ron asked her. 
Hermione smiled at him and nodded. 
“Sorry boys, I had my head in a book and lost track of time...again” she replied. 
“Same ole Mione, you have to promise me that you’ll never change” Harry said. 
“I promise” Hermione grinned at her boys. 
The three headed towards the school gates and followed the other excited groups of teenagers who were making their way towards the village. 
Hermione had temporarily forgotten about her unusual affair with her potions professor and instead, basked in a free weekend with her friends. They went to Honeydukes, and she dragged them into her favourite bookshop. In return, she allowed them to drag her into the quidditch shop where the boys were in awe of the new goods the owner had in store. 
Hermione smiled to herself as she watched her friends’ delight and was glad that Harry was finally letting himself relax a bit and enjoy life for a while. Hermione knew the pressure on Harry’s shoulders had been getting to him as of late - and Umbitch wasn’t helping matters at all. Nor was Dumbledore, who always seemed conveniently absent as of late - always when Harry needed him the most. 
The trio had all felt the pressure of this school year reach new heights now that you-know-who was back, and Hermione loved how all three of them had their own hobbies to keep themselves grounded. 
Harry had quidditch - well, until Umbitch finally decides to deliver on her threats - and he had his closest friends rallying behind him in support. 
Ron had Harry, and the glorious concept that was enormous mealtimes in the Great Hall. A young man needs his growing food after all. 
And Hermione, well Hermione knew she had her books - and this thing with her professor. 
Hermione was startled out of her thoughts once more, Professor Snape had said that he was going to be in the village today - but she hadn’t yet seen him around. She was curious to know where he was, particularly since the trio had been in Hogsmeade for a few hours now and the next stop on the agenda was the pub for butterbeers and a late lunch. 
Hermione knew that butterbeers always caused havoc on her body - particularly her bladder - due to the pure sugar in the drink and the slight tipple of alcohol. She would ideally like to know where her professor was before the trio headed for the pub. 
.
.
.
Hermione, Harry, and Ron were sat in the crowded pub having just finished a nice cooked lunch and three rounds of butterbeers. It was a cold day, and the warm food and sweet drinks had been a welcome embrace in their cold bodies. 
Hermione wondered if they would be heading back to the castle soon. She had remembered the potions masters rules, she had to stay with the boys at all times and this meant walking back up to the school together. She also knew that she had to try and make it back up to the school before she was allowed to relieve herself again. 
Speaking of which, there was a slight twinge in her lower abdomen. Nothing major, and hardly noticeable but Hermione knew with the drinks she had just had, that twinge would soon get more incessant. 
She would try to hold on as long as she could and she knew that she could always contact her professor via the handy bracelet she was wearing. 
She was drawn back into the conversation that the boys had been having. 
“It sounds like a great idea, right Mione?” Harry asked, grinning. 
Hermione, not wanting to be caught not listening to her friends, nodded. 
“It sure does” she smiled. 
“Great! Then it’s settled, we’ve never seen it before and this year is going to be our chance!” Ron said. 
Hermione, not sure what she had just agreed to, took a stab in the dark at how to find out. 
“Is it safe?” She asked. 
“Bloody hell Hermione, it’s only some fireworks - they always do a great firework show this time of year” Ron said. 
Suddenly everything clicked into place. 
Hermione knew about the annual fireworks show that happened in Hogsmeade this time of year. Bonfire night was always taken seriously because it was a legendary folklore in the Wizarding society. Every witch and wizard grew up learning about the infamous Guy Fawkes, and how he had his wand snapped for his involvement in trying to blow up the muggle government. The muggles had to make up the story about Guy Fawkes having falling and broken his neck before he could be hung. The reality was that he had escaped muggle imprisonment with magic but had been caught trying to apparate out of the country by aurors - his wand had been snapped and he had faced the dementors instead. He was a cautionary tale for all. 
Firework displays were always grand in the Wizarding world and the boys had always wanted to see the Hogsmeade display from close up since they had started at Hogwarts. 
Hermione also had always wanted to see the display, but she knew it would also mean spending another four hours in the village at least, as the fireworks display was traditionally done when it had finally got dark. Her bladder would not last that long, and she knew it. 
.
.
.
Severus Snape was pleasantly surprised that he had not felt his bracelet heat up with an emergency message from his little overachiever. He had, of course, been watching her with her friends all day in the village whilst remaining out of sight. He was a great spy after all. He had watched her and her friends in the pub and had taken note of how much butterbeer she had consumed. He heard her dunderhead friends talking enthusiastically about the firework display and the village. 
He had smirked at that. Severus knew that meant the trio would not be heading up to the castle anytime soon and therefore meant that he would be getting a distressed message from his overachiever soon. 
Severus watched the trio in the pub, for nearly two hours, as he silently sipped away at his firewhiskey. He contemplated how he would let the next stage of events with his overachiever play out. 
.
.
.
“Be back in a tick” Ron said as he excused himself from their table and headed towards the blessed toilets. 
Hermione, who had been steadily feeling her need to piss rise, watched in jealousy as Ron left the table and returned a few moments later with a look of relief upon his face. 
“We should be heading out soon, we wanna get as close to the front as possible” he said once he returned. 
“Sure, let me pee first though” Harry said, as he also headed towards the facilities. 
“What about you Mione? Using the loo before we leave? I’ll watch your stuff” Ron asked her. 
Yes!!! Hermione screamed inside her head. What she would give right now just to be able to release her bladder before heading back out into the cold. 
“No, I’m alright for now thanks Ron” she replied, as her legs twisted like pretzels beneath the table at the thought. 
Ron shrugged and the two started to put their jackets and winter woollens on while they waited for Harry. 
As Hermione was preparing for the cold weather she happened to look over in the direction of the back corner of the pub, where her potions professor was smirking at her. 
She gulped, he had plans for her. 
.
.
.
Hermione knew she was in trouble as soon as she stepped out into the cold. 
Having not peed in over seven hours, and lots of butterbeer filling her up nicely in the last two hours, Hermione knew she would not win this fight between her bladder and standing out in the cold for the next couple of hours. 
She walked, taking smaller steps, trying to keep her thighs pressed together. The tight waistline of her jeans cutting right into her bladder. 
The boys wanted one last look in the quidditch shop. She opted to wait outside this time, that way she could use the cold as an excuse for her excessive pacing. 
.
.
.
Severus saw that she was pacing alone outside the quidditch shop as she waited for her friends. He took the opportunity to speak with her while she was alone. 
He walked right up to her, noticing how tightly her legs were pressed together as he approached. She looked worried, and Severus had a flashback to the first time she had pissed herself all over his flagstone in his classroom. He knew, she was approaching her limit again. 
He was surprised that she had made it this far. 
“Miss Granger” he drawled, startling her out of her thoughts. 
Hermione stopped pacing and stood one leg crossed over the other as she got over he initial shock of being addressed by her professor. 
“Professor Snape” she replied, sounding strained even to her own ears. 
She resisted the urge to grab herself to feel more in control. 
“I’ve been watching you all day Granger, and I must say I am quite impressed with you” he said to her. 
Hermione basked in the compliment for a moment but her desperation suddenly shocked her back into reality. 
She groaned. 
“Thank you sir, but I really must go! Now!” She said, and she did grab herself this time. 
“I think you can wait a little longer Miss Granger, you are going to watch the fireworks with your friends and you will not be going before the show” he instructed. 
“I will not make it that long” she said, she was close to leaking already. 
“Yes you will, the time will pass...albeit slowly...but I am telling you to hold it, so you will” he stated clearly in a ‘no nonsense’ tone. 
“Can I leak?” She asked desperately. 
“My, you must be desperate if you’re asking if you’re allowed to leak” he debated. 
She nodded, trying to keep her breathing even. 
“I’m going to say no, if you leak...well, the punishment will be severe” he said to her, loving the look of desperation on her face. 
His dick twitched in approval, and made him aware of his need to piss as well. 
“See you at the fireworks Granger, be sure to try and stand apart from your friends” he said. 
.
.
.
Hermione stared in disbelief as he walked away. There was no way she was winning this time. 
Her friends came out of the shop and they made their way to the display. 
Having obtained a spot right near the front, the trio were joined by Neville, Ginny, Luna, Dean, Seamus, Lavender, George, Fred, and the Patil twins. Making one big group. 
Hermione couldn’t even focus on the reason they were all laughing and joking. She was far too busy trying to contain her full bladder. She could see the area getting busier and knew the fireworks would begin shortly. 
After what seemed like forever, and with Hermione’s legs shaking like jelly as sweat accumulated on her forehead, the first bang of the first firework ricocheted through her pounding bladder. Hermione put her hand down her jeans in order to hold in the piss that was trying to force its way out. Thank Merlin everyone was staring at the sky! 
Her urethra was burning with need and she knew she could not stand watching the firework show if that’s how every firework was going to feel for the next hour. 
Her eyes looked out into the crowd and she saw the professor staring intently at her. He knew. 
She had to get over to him, immediately. 
She forced her way through the crowd and finally made it to him, legs quivering as she did. 
She noticed that he was stood in the shadows, away from any noticing eyes. 
She gasped and stopped walking, crossing her legs around her hand as another load of fireworks boomed through the air. She could feel a drop of piss forming, she was going to leak. 
She shuffled in that position over to join her professor in the shadows, he was looking at her in amusement. 
“Trouble Granger?” He asked her, grinning. 
“Sir, please give me permission, I can’t hold it!” She exclaimed. 
“What did I tell you about asking permission?” He asked, disappointment evident in his voice. 
She couldn’t answer, the fireworks were in full swing and Hermione knew this was the end for her. 
A large leak forced its way out of her maxed out bladder creating a wet patch on her jeans. Her professor noticed. 
Severus remained tight lipped (and tight crotched) as he cast a charm that would render them practically invisible to everyone else. He watched as she leaked again. 
“Oh god! I can’t hold it!” She exclaimed, realising she still didn’t have permission. 
“I’m pissing!” She squealed, as she felt her bladder giving several warning pulses that it was about to release. 
Her legs snapped apart as piss came gushing from her, she groaned in relief but also felt like crying as she knew she had failed. She tried clenching her muscles to stem the flow, but piss was still trickling freely from her. 
“You’d better stop Granger” Severus said. 
“I can’t!” Hermione exclaimed, both hands uselessly down her trousers as her jeans started to get darker. 
“How disappointing, you were doing so well” he said in a sarcastic voice but relishing in her performance. 
“Please Sir” she whimpered. 
He raised an eyebrow at her and she gasped. He knew it was game over. 
Piss sprayed from her, gushing, and gushing like a fireman’s hose. 
She breathed a massive sigh of relief, and Severus pulled her pissing body closer to him. 
Severus watched her as she pissed what seemed like gallons. His cock aching as he watched her jeans get darker and darker and liquid splattered on the ground against her will. 
Hermione was silent as her bladder emptied, she couldn’t believe that she couldn’t wait long enough to obtain permission. 
As her piss tapered into nothing, she let out a shaky breath and finally stood normally, inspecting the damage to her jeans. They were soaked. 
Severus cleared his throat. 
Hermione looked at him knowing she was about to be in big trouble. 
“It looks like another punishment is in order Miss Granger. We shall walk up to the castle now, and you can stay as you are until we get back to my rooms. I don’t want to hear a word from you” he said calmly, internally he was gleeful. 
He held out his arm in a motion that requested his sodden student to lead the way. 
She followed his directions as he watched, aroused, her piss stained behind moving uncomfortably towards the castle. 

















*029*2021-01-23 16:12
A/N: Next one!!! Thank you for all the support!!! 

Chapter 11: Punishments 
Hermione walked as quickly as she could up towards the castle. She was so embarrassed that she had lost control without permission - and now she was going to be punished for it. The hormone driven part of her brain was curious and slightly excited about the idea of punishment and what it would entail however, her ‘good girl’ personality was having a conniption. She had never failed an assignment or test given to her by an authority figure and she knew she could perform better than she had today. She knew she would need to prove herself again soon, and more importantly she wanted to prove herself to her professor. 

Speaking of her professor, she could feel his eyes on her as they made their way back up to the castle. Despite her loss of control, she knew that the potions master seemed to have enjoyed it and he was currently enjoying the view of her wet behind. She had been forbidden from clearing herself up, as part of her punishment, and so was facing an uncomfortably wet trek. 

Severus was delighted. His cock had been hard for quite some time now and it was slightly uncomfortable for him as he had to walk with it pressing firmly against his tight button up trousers. He couldn’t believe that the overachiever had fully lost control in front of him like that - he thought she was going to be able to make it back up to the castle. Apparently not. 

It was a pleasant surprise for him either way. She was completely embarrassed by her uncontrollable wetting because it was rather public - she was unaware of the charms he had placed around them at the time. Now, he had to come up with a punishment for her, for disobeying his orders - his painfully hard cock throbbed incessantly at the thought of all the punishments he could give her. 

As they reached the castle gates, Hermione prayed that they would not run into anyone before they reached her professors rooms. Her jeans were positively soaked and she knew it was obvious what had happened - it would be obvious to anyone who saw her. 

“Luck must be on your side tonight Granger” Severus remarked as they made it to his rooms without being met by a soul. 

Hermione let out a sigh of relief once they were warmer inside his rooms. She supposed that the majority of the castle was still at Hogsmeade and the younger students were likely to be at dinner. 

She stood awkwardly inside her professors room. She was cold, soaked, and a little apprehensive about what was going to happen next. She thought maybe apologising would be a good place to start. 

She opened her mouth to speak. 

“I -“ she was cut off before she got any further. 

“I’m not interested in your apologies. You will stand where you are quietly for a few moments whilst I sort this room out” he said to her. 

She nodded and watched as the potions professor lit all the candles and the large fireplace, causing the room to light up and warmth to flow through the rooms. She watched as the professor removed his outdoor robes and slung them over the back of a very nice leather chair which was right by the fireplace. He then went over to his desk drawer and retrieved what looked like a black satin drawstring bag. She waited patiently. 

It hadn’t escaped her notice that the front of her professors trousers looked rather snug and could easily see the outline of the mans beautiful organ - there was no doubt that he was painfully hard. She blushed red at the sight. Had she caused that? 

Her attention now turned to the little black bag he was carrying. 

Severus turned towards her and took in the delicious sight that was her soaked form, he was going to let her clean up and then they would proceed with her punishment. He held the little black bag delicately in his hands, he honestly hadn’t expected the need to use this yet but it seemed the situation had unexpectedly occurred. He would need to explain the black bag with her before he continued - then she would be able to fully consent to the punishment. 

“This black bag holds an array of punishments Miss Granger, in a while I will be asking you to put your hand inside the bag and you will pick out one of the items inside. That item will tell you which punishment you will be facing. However, as we have not yet gone over the conditions of your contract, I will empty the bag and you will read every single punishment and sort out which ones you would consent to and which ones you object. We will discuss your objections at a later date but place your consents back into the bag where later this evening, you will pick one or two out. Is that clear?” He asked her. 

She nodded 

“Yes Sir” she replied. 

Severus looked at her for any hint that she was lying. He found no deception and was satisfied with her agreement. 

“However, firstly, I think we should get you out of those soiled clothes. I want you to remove your trousers and underwear - do you consent?” He instructed her. 

She nodded and removed her jeans and underwear as instructed. Her cheeks flushed red. She had been nude at the lower half in front of her professor before but they had all been situations of a dire emergency, where she was about to lose control. This situation was different. She stood, face bright red, as she was exposed to her professor. 

Severus allowed his eyes to roam her form for a few moments before he indicated to the sofa. 

“I want you to lay down in the sofa Miss Granger, you need to be cleaned properly” he stated. 

Hermione looked at him wide eyed as he magically produced a bowl of warm scented water and a washcloth. She knew what he intended to do. 

“Once more, I need your consent Miss Granger” he asked her. 

She gulped nervously but nodded as she made her way to the sofa and lay down. 

“Good Miss Granger. Now, place your feet flat on the sofa so your legs are bent, and then I need you to spread your knees” he instructed. 

She took in a deep breath, summoning all her Gryffindor courage and followed his instructions. She had never been this completely exposed to a man before - except a medical professional - and she closed her eyes as she did so. 

“Eyes open Miss Granger” he said. 

She opened her eyes and watched as her professor pulled out the washcloth from the warm scented water and he began bathing her lower half with the utmost of care. 

It was a very intimate process and Hermione felt a small fire begin to stir within her. She was aroused by all of this. 

Severus focussed on his task of cleaning her legs and thighs but was aware of the new flush that was appearing in patches on his overachievers thighs and face. He knew she was turned on. 

He turned his attention to her womanhood, the final place in need of cleaning, as he delicately separated her lower lips with the washcloth and lightly dabbed the area - noticing the hardened pearl within. 

His dick throbbed at the shaky inhalation of air from his student and he felt her thighs tremble slightly. His eyes darted up to her face and saw that her head was tilted backwards in pleasure. He deliberately teased her as he bathed her and she tried to stop her hips from moving to seek more. 

Severus groaned lightly under his breath, he knew that he could bring the girl to orgasm right now if he wanted to but, this was a punishment after all. 

He withdrew the washcloth just as quickly as he had begun and he noticed her quiet moan of displeasure as he did so. 

He magically rid himself of the bowl of water and the washcloth and immediately headed into his bedroom to grab himself a clean robe. He needed to put the robe on in order to cover himself. His erection was solid and he needed to undo his trousers to create more room to accommodate it. He donned the new robe and unbuttoned his trousers. His cock sprang free - though still within the confines of his loose underwear - and the pressure instantly eased significantly. Severus sighed in relief. He knew that he still needed to piss after his need gradually grew stronger during the Hogsmeade trip, but he was far too turned on to even contemplate releasing his bladder at the moment. 

He instead returned to the sofa where his overachiever still lay in the position she was instructed to. 

“You may stand now Miss Granger” he said to her. 

She followed his instructions and waited to see what he wanted her to do next. 

“Come and sit in one of the chairs by the fireplace, and we will go through the contents of this bag” he told her as he took a seat in his favourite chair. 

She did as she was told and did not voice her thoughts about still being nude from the waist down. He clearly knew she was still nude and wanted her to remain that way for now. She sat, her bare arse sinking into the leather. 

Severus grinned behind his curtain of hair as he grabbed the bag and emptied the contents of it on the small coffee table between the two chairs. 

Hermione looked at the small pieces of parchment and then looked back up at her professor. 

“I want you to unfold all of those pieces of parchment Miss Granger and then read each one out loud. You will then put each parchment into one of two piles “yes” or “no” in accordance with your opinions on what each piece of parchment refers to. Is that clear?” He asked again. 

She nodded and began the task of unfolding all the pieces of parchment until she was staring at a stacked pile of potential punishments. She picked up the first and read it aloud. 

“Whipping/Flogging” she murmured quietly. 

“This would be with a belt or a flogging device Miss Granger - do you understand what that means?” He asked. 

Hermione nodded. 

“Good, now would this be something you would agree to or not?” He asked her. 

She chewed her lip lightly as she contemplated her response. She then looked up at Severus. 

“I would agree to it” she replied. 

“Right, in that case place it down and that will be the start of your “yes” pile. Now, we go through the rest” he stated as she quickly picked up the next piece of parchment. 

Hermione continued through all of the pieces of parchment and when she was finally done, she realised her “yes” pile was significantly larger than her “no” pile. 

Severus picked up the “no” pile and placed them back in his desk drawer. These would be discussed once more at a later date once she became more comfortable with their new situation. From Severus’ experience, “no” sometimes ended up becoming a “yes”, but it takes time and trust. 

“Now Miss Granger, we will read through your “yes” pile one more time so that you are certain about your potential punishments and then we will fold them back in the bag and you will pick one out at random for your punishment this evening” he said to her. 

Hermione picked up her “yes” pile and read each piece of parchment out loud. 

“ Whipping/Flogging, Spanking, Orgasm Delay/Denial, Public Humiliation, Paddling, Public Wetting, Nappy Punishment, Diuretic, Tied-Up Punishment, Chastity Belt, Pee Measuring Limit, Clamps, and Bladder Torture” she said. 

Severus nodded in approval. 

“Is there anything on that list that you need me to expand on?” He asked her. 

“Whipping/Flogging, Spanking, Orgasm Delay/Denial, Paddling, Public Wetting, Diuretic, Chastity Belt, and Clamps all make perfect sense and I have no further questions about those” Hermione replied. 

“And the others?” Severus asked. 

“Well I understand what public humiliation is but, could you give me some examples of things that you might actually do? Just to give me some idea. Also, nappy punishment? I assume I would be asked to wear a nappy but could you just go over that one with me please?” She asked him. 

“Public humiliation could entail you wearing a certain clothing item or fetish item. I could request that you do not speak in a social setting, you might have to forgo wearing underwear. As we are at a school, many of the things that I may ask you to do will only be known between the two of us however, I think that the knowledge of your classmates being close by whilst these things are happening will humiliate you. We can adapt and change as we go though. Nappy punishment means that I will put you in a nappy for an unspecified amount of time. I will change you when needed, you will use the nappy only when you need to relieve yourself. This will be both in private and in public - so it will also tie in nicely with the public humiliation punishment. I will place spells on the nappy so that it cannot be removed - except by me - and will alert me when you need a change. Is that clear?” He asked. 

She nodded. 

“Next?” He asked. 

“Again, I just wanted some examples of what is meant by Tied-Up Punishment, Pee Measuring Limit, and Bladder Torture?” She asked. 

He nodded. 

“Tied-Up Punishment is exactly what it says on the tin. You will be bound, nude, for an undisclosed amount of time where you will hold your piss, I might tease you, you might have to sleep/eat in that position. It will be up to me however, this punishment could also link nicely into our actual game - so be aware for that. Pee Measuring Limit is perhaps one of my favourite punishments, something I have used already during our encounters. I will give you a measuring cup it could be anything from 5ml - 100ml, and you will only have permission to piss the ml I choose to give you and will give a specific amount of time to wait between each release. Again, this punishment links in quite nicely as a potential game as well. Finally, bladder torture will include me physically massaging, pushing, playing, or manoeuvring your stomach where your bladder sits. I will never cause any damage, but it is intended to challenge you when you are desperate. Is that all clear?” He asked her. 

“Yes Sir” she replied. 

“We will start off with these punishments and we can always add more or take some out if we find that some work better than others. There will always be room for negotiation and I will never implement a new punishment without having a discussion about it with you first. The first few times we use these punishments, I will be assessing your limits, so you will stick to our traffic light system until I fully learn your limitations for each punishment” Severus said to her. 

She nodded, feeling slightly apprehensive but willing to trust and explore with him. 

“Right, fold all of those “yes” punishments back in the bag and then give the bag a good shake. You are going to pick your very first punishment Miss Granger” he instructed her. 

She followed his instructions and picked a piece of folded parchment from the shaken bag. 

“What does it say Miss Granger?” He asked her. 

She chewed her lip nervously as she unfolded the piece of parchment. She froze at the words that stared back at her in her potion professors familiar scrawl. 

“Pee Measuring Limit” she grimaced. 

Severus grinned - there was a Merlin after all. 

“Perfect!” He said, as he stood and went over to another desk drawer. 

He took out an item and made his way back over to her. 

“Could you please pick out another punishment Miss Granger?” He asked her. 

She did as she was asked. 

“Spanking” she said. 

“Good” the professor replied. 

“Here is how your punishment is going to work Miss Granger. I have here, a 20ml specimen bottle. You are only allowed to release 20ml of piss, every 90 minutes for the next 72 hours. Each time, you will pour the 20ml piss down the toilet or sink, or wherever you need to get rid of it, before resealing the empty bottle once more. This bottle will be charmed so that you cannot undo it until every 90 minute gap is up - thus, notifying you when you can release again. The number of minutes will magically countdown on the bottle cap so you know how long you have left to wait. On the bottom of the bottle, another set of numbers might appear. These numbers are ‘the naughty numbers’ and are where your second punishment - Spanking - will come in. For every time you go over the 20ml limit and leak before stopping, the amount of seconds in which you cannot control your leak will be accumulated and show up in a red number on the bottom of the bottle. Also, the amount of times you attempt to unscrew the lid of the bottle - despite knowing EXACTLY how long you have to wait - will also add to that red number total. At the end of your punishment, the bottle will be checked and you will receive the same amount of spanks which reflects the red number on the bottom of the bottle. Is there anything about this that you do not understand?” He asked her. 

She shook her head, she understood her punishment perfectly. 

“Furthermore, if you should leak in your knickers, completely wet, or are unable to wait the whole ninety minutes between releases, the red number will also count depending on the severity of your leaks and indiscretions” he said to her. 

She nodded once again in understanding. 

“Right, you will use this - and this alone - for the next 72 hours and then you will bring the bottle back here and it will be checked. I will not instruct you to drink anything however, you must keep your body naturally hydrated and therefore, your liquid intake will be monitored. If I feel you are purposefully avoiding liquid, and signs of dehydration are showing, you will be instructed to drink. Am I clear?” He asked her. 

Hermione gulped, then nodded. 

“I know you are nervous about this and considering this is your first punishment, I will give you a helpful bit of information. The 90 minute gaps will also count through the night. Therefore, should you wish to relieve your bladder slightly throughout the night, you may want to set yourself an alarm so you can wake up to release. Are you sure you don’t have any questions?” He asked her. 

A thought hit her. 

“Actually Sir, say the timer counts down to 0 and I miss it, will it automatically seal and start counting down from 90 again if I miss an opportunity to release?” She asked. 

Severus chuckled at her naivety. 

“Believe me Miss Granger, you will be far too desperate to even consider missing an opportunity to release when afforded with one. However, should the timer hit 0, the time will not automatically go back to 90 and start again. The cap will read 0 minutes until you have physically unsealed and then resealed the bottle again - only then will the time start counting down from 90 again” he explained. 

Hermione chewed her lip nervously when he chuckled at her. She was willing to give it a go though. 

Severus wanted to chuckle again. He knew that the average bladder could hold between 300ml and 400ml, and only allowing the girl to release in 20ml increments would be torture. Well, this was meant to be a punishment after all. 

“When do we start?” She asked him. 

“It will start from midnight tonight, so you’d best make the most of the few hours you have left before you only have that bottle to relieve yourself in” he said to her. 

She nodded in acceptance of her punishment and put the bottle gently on the little table next to the chair in which she was sat. 

“What do we do until then?” She asked him. 

“I need some help brewing some potions for the infirmary, you will help me until curfew. Then, it’s all up to you” he said to her. 

She nodded and the pair of them stood up. Severus called an elf to fetch Hermione some fresh leggings and underwear for her to wear, and the two made their way to the professors personal brewing lab. 
. 
. 
. 
About an hour into the brewing process, Severus’ need to piss came back at full force. He had been able to squash the unimaginable need to piss since he had followed his overachiever back up to the school. That had been over 2 hours ago, and, without his erection, the potions master was definitely feeling his bladder protest at its own fullness. 

Hermione noticed, and remembered that she had seen her professor doing his cute ‘I have to piss’ squirming whilst they were walking back up to the castle. Being nervous about her punishment, and humiliated at her loss of control, kept her quiet about the matter but now she was hooked on the sight of her professor. 

Due to the humidity of the potion brewing, he had removed all his layers except for his white Oxford shirt and his usual black slacks. Hermione stared openly at the bladder bulge that was protruding around his stomach area and grimaced in sympathy as she saw the mans belt cutting straight into the middle of the bulge. 

Severus could feel his overachievers eyes on him, and knew that she was sussing out his situation. His bladder was screaming at him but, at this particularly volatile stage of this potion, he had no choice but to put up with it until he had finished the brewing completely. 

He stood over the potion, one leg crossed tightly over the other, trying to get his dick gripped tightly between his thighs. 

Hermione noticed, and nearly sliced her hand with the knife she was using to chop up ingredients for the potion. She loved watching him when he was in this state. 

Beyond the leg crossing and the slight rigid posture, the potions master gave no other hints that he was on the brink of releasing his bladder - for now. 

Another hour later, and Severus was still stood crossed legged over the potion however, this time his Oxford shirt was untucked, his trouser belt had been removed, and his trousers were unbuttoned with the flies open. 

Every so often, his hand would dive into the front of his trousers for a quick squeeze of his tip, he was quickly losing control. 

“Anything I can do to help?” His overachiever voiced from her position next to him. 

She had finished chopping the ingredients some time ago and was just sat watching his growing need get worse and worse, and she relished in his state. 

She felt unbelievably lucky that the stool on which she was sat, meant that she was eye level with the potion professors crotch. Every time he grabbed himself was followed by an instant pulse through Hermione’s core. She was deeply aroused and was silently praying to Merlin that the professor would lose control before he finished his brewing. 

The potions master shook his head at her question, despite the contradicting look of desperation in his eyes. 

He continued to stir. 

He knew the next half an hour would be the most difficult. He would have to slowly add each ingredient whilst he stirred the potion. He would not be able to use his hands to hold himself and he knew it would be a difficult challenge. The overachiever also noticed this - and grinned. 

The professors shaft had been full of piss for hours and he knew that he would soon leak. 

It happened ten minutes later. 

Severus cursed as a pulse ricocheted through his bladder, causing his weakened piss filled shaft to release. 

A strong three second leak forced its way straight into the professors light grey boxers - a dark patch immediately showing. 

Hermione’s breath hitched as she watched the dark patch grow slightly before the groaning professor gained control of his bladder once more. 

She licked her lips and moved to grab the professors trousers and tug them down his still crossed legs. 

Severus said nothing as he continued to count the stirs, not wanting to lose concentration and ruin the potion. He felt his overachiever pull his trousers to his knees before she stopped. Her eyes still fully concentrating on his crotch. He could see the lust in his students eyes. 

Another spurt broke free, and his boxers darkened even more. He was losing control, but was determined he was going to try and make it to the toilet as best he could - he was retraining himself after all. 

Hermione watched as her desperate professor leaked twice more before stopping again. 

This time, she reached for the buttons on his underwear and undid them. She gently pulled at the material until the head of her professors cock poked slightly through the gap. 

Severus knew what she had done, and this made his need rise significantly. His cock was essentially free and the cool dungeon air teased him. 

Another leak escaped, lasting six seconds this time. However, whilst Severus knew his underwear was saved, his trousers that were still bunched around his knees were not. He pissed straight into his trousers. 

He gasped. 

Hermione’s heart thumped in her chest as she watched his piss spray uncontrollably from him. She knew that this was the end for him, there was no way he was going to last much longer. 

Severus took in a shaky breath, knowing he wasn’t going to make it to the end of the potion without soaking himself. Recognising defeat, his muscles began to weaken against his will. 

“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” He exclaimed as another pulse thrummed through his bladder. 

The hissing noise was music to Hermione’s ears as she watched the strongest leak yet burst from her pissing professor. 

How he managed to still be in control of the potion was beyond her. 

The potion master had lost control. 

Leak, stop, leak, stop, leak, stop, leak, stop. 

Hermione watched as the potions master gritted his teeth in one last display of trying to gain control. 

His pissing dick wasn’t listening anymore. 

Hermione chewed her lip, wanting to see the potions master completely lose control. 

She moved her hand to the potion masters bulging bladder and stroked it. 

Severus whimpered at her gentle but damning touch. Piss shot out of him uncontrollably. 

Hermione gently pressed against the bulging bladder and this was the potion masters undoing. 

He screamed in relief as his bladder completely released, spraying piss EVERYWHERE. 

His trousers were soaked and a large puddle was now forming around his feet as he let out a whole days worth of liquid. 

Hermione squirmed in her seat at the display, she desperately needed to get herself off and used her other hand to rub in the right place against the front of her leggings. 

She rubbed herself as she moved her other hand to her professors pissing cock and held it as he pissed. She placed her finger over his spraying slit and enjoyed the feel of his piss running down her fingers. 

The potions master groaned, the urge to piss and cum both strong. He had seen his overachiever start to play with herself and felt his dick trying to harden but this would not happen until he had pissed himself dry. 

Hermione hummed in pleasure as she found herself edging closer to orgasm. The potion masters piss stream was weakening and she knew it was coming to an end. She rubbed as she remembered the look on his face as she lost all control and screamed in delight as she found her climax. 

The potions master watched as his overachiever climaxed in her leggings and as his stream tapered off, his dick hardened and he knew he was about to cum. 

As his overachiever rode her climax, she accidentally squeezed his hardened prick in the moment of it all. 

His dick pulsed once, twice, and his balls tightened up prepared for another kind of release. 

Severus moaned as his dick spurted his essence, still mixed with some unreleased piss, all over the floor - making his personal puddle even messier. 

Hermione came down from her climax and released her professors now flaccid prick. She took in the sight of them both and giggled awkwardly at the mess Severus had created. 

Severus was also shocked, he had done this sort of thing before but never had it felt like this before. 

Taking in his students flushed cheeks, and damp patch on her leggings, he smiled. 

“Well, not only has my flagstone been ruined again, but so has this potion” he said as Hermione turned her attention to him again. 

He sighed as he vanished the ruined potion and the messy puddle on the floor, he would need to remake the potion before the morning. Luckily, the overachiever had sliced more than enough ingredients for another bash at the potion. 

“I think that will be all for this evening Miss Granger, it’s nearing curfew. You best get some rest, you have a punishment to do” he said. 

She nodded in agreement. 

“Any problems or difficulties you have whilst doing your punishment, you will report to me immediately - the aim of the punishment is to not completely break you” he smirked at her as she gathered up her things and the 20ml bottle. 

“Yes Sir, good night” she said as she left his lab and made her way back to her dormitory. 

“Good night indeed” Severus said to the now empty room. 

