Emma begins to accept her piss kink

Author: MaxMorgan

*000*2025-01-12 04:22

This story contains purposeful female desperation and just making it to the toilet.

An excerpt from chapter 5 of the Root Awakening novella, and Emma is finally starting to accept that she is turned on by being desperate to pee.

###

Emma was sitting in her assigned seat at the conference, pondering the previous day and night as she sipped on her complimentary drinks. She couldn’t believe she had fully wet herself in public twice in one day - what was happening to her? Even more unbelievably, her body had responded with powerful arousal to each event. She had arrived at her hotel room with her underwear soaked in urine and the slick evidence of her own arousal, seconds away from dropping her pants and shoving her fingers into herself.

To her surprise, she was soon to find out that the hotel had double booked her room and she had to share it with Trevor. Nonetheless she was unable to restrain herself and had made her excuses to run to the shower where she brought herself to a quivering orgasm within seconds, barely able to reign in her moans of ecstasy. Although Trevor had slept on the floor and she had taken the queen bed, sleeping in the same room as him had felt vaguely electric to her, especially after having a mind blowing orgasm while he was just on the other side of a thin door.

[...]

Together Emma and Trevor sat in companionable silence as they listened to the rest of the presentation sessions that day. At each break of speeches, Trevor volunteered to wait in line at the bar for them both and always returned with a large jug each. If he noticed that Emma did not get up to visit the bathrooms for multiple hours while consuming a significant amount of liquid, he did not comment. She didn’t take note whether he was visiting the toilets either but assumed he must have gone during the breaks while he was at the bar. The pressure in her bladder built steadily throughout the day and she often pressed her hand into her belly to feel the growing bulge in her abdomen. Deciding to push away all the shame she felt about her sudden attraction to urine, she revelled in the feeling and carefully paid attention to the sensations of her bladder sitting heavily in her stomach and the pee pushing at the end of her urethra.

Finally when it was time to break for lunch, Emma decided she couldn’t hold her pee any longer and could not risk wetting herself publicly, so she headed to the bathrooms on her way to the hotel’s restaurant to grab food. She noted, first with dismay shortly followed by a hint of excitement, that the queue for the bathrooms was rather long. Six women stood in front of her and several shifted from foot to foot uncomfortably. Emma took particular note of these ladies, wondering whether her own desperation was lesser or greater than those in front of her. Seeing their desperation and imagining how they felt made her bladder cramp with need, and she felt a dribble make its way into her underwear.

By the time she made it into the toilet, her underwear had accepted a few more small squirts of urine – not all of them accidental. She had worn dark black jeans today, so she hoped anything that soaked through to her pants would be hidden in the dark shadows. Sitting down on the toilet her piss began pouring out of her before she could even fully sit down, draining out of her like an uncapped firehose. Her body collapsed and she leaned back into the back of the toilet, for the first time really savouring the feeling of her bladder emptying and the relief flooding through her. It was at that moment that she knew she would hold her bladder again for the rest of the afternoon so she could enjoy this feeling of release once more when the afternoon session of presentations was over.

