Reasons She Couldn’t Go: The broken toilet

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-06-15 23:22

Starting a new all female desperation series with the title Reasons She Couldn't Go. This is story one. Enjoy!

Broken toilet

Camille stood at the bus stop with her thighs pressed together hoping the bus would arrive soon. She was tired, hungry, cold and now it was raining. She also needed to use the toilet having had to leave the office in a hurry so she wouldn’t miss the bus. It was due any moment and she hoped she would get a seat despite the fact there was already ten people at the bus stop waiting.

The bus arrived and she climbed on, showing her ticket and looking for a seat. The only one available was next to a much older man who smelled of body odour and looked like he had wore the same clothes for several days. Camille perched herself on the edge of the seat, both legs in the central walkway, one crossed over the top of the other. It was hard to see out the window due to condensation but she knew she had half an hours ride ahead anyway.

Sitting on the edge of the seat wasn’t comfortable but it did serve to put pressure on Camille’s most personal area which helped ease the increasing pressure from her bladder. Being a larger lady though it was cramped so Camille shuffled back a little to give other passengers more room to get up and down the bus. The journey seemed to drag in as Camille curled her toes in her court shoes and once again pressed her thighs together. She tried to recall when she had last visited the ladies but concentrating among the noise and crowd in the bus was hard and the constant patter patter of the rain on the window wasn’t helping one bit. Camille pushed her bottom back against the seat and tightened and squeezed her muscles, covering her crotch with her handbag and pressing her legs together. She thought about what her husband would be cooking for tea when she arrived home and how amazing it would feel to finally pee at home.

Finally Camille pressed the bell to request the bus to stop and concentrating hard she squeezed her throbbing urethra tight shut and disembarked from the bus back into the heavy rain. Walking the half mile to her home Camille day dreamed about getting out of her wet clothes, eating dinner but most of all getting to relax on the toilet. Oh she longed for the latter so badly.

Finally walking down her own garden path Camille could feel the pressure intensify between her curvy thighs. Her body sensed relieve was imminent and Camille moved from foot to foot quite noticeably as she pushed her front door open and rushed in.

She pulled off her wet coat and hung it up, marching on the spot in desperation. Shouting to her husband that she was home she climbed the stairs hurriedly hoping to reach the bathroom in time before she had an accident. Bursting wasn’t the word for it right now as she felt a dribble leak into her full briefs.

Unusually the door was open as Camille approached and she could hear unfamiliar noises...

Camille stood and gasped as she saw a strange man, fully dressed straddling her only toilet! Here she was absolutely desperate to pee, stood at the doorway of her own bathroom but unable to go.

‘Who...who are you?’

‘Hi mam. Your husband called me out late this morning. You have a cracked cistern I am afraid. I have had to take the old one apart and fit a new one. Your husband said to do whatever was necessary mam. I should be finished within the hour.’

Embarrassed, frustrated and even angry Camille rushed downstairs to talk to her husband. She found him, as usual, in the kitchen cooking a freshly made meal for their dinner. It smelt delicious and Camille was hungry but she really needed to use the bathroom first and wanted to know why she hadn’t been told about the plumber. Keeping her voice low so the workman didn’t hear Camille got straight right the point as she leaned firmly with one had on the kitchen worktop and crossed her legs tightly.

‘Michael why didn’t you call me? What’s going on?’

‘I didn’t want to disturb you at work honey! I went upstairs earlier this morning to find water on the bathroom floor. I traced where it was coming from and realised there was a large crack on the toilet cistern. It must have been there a while and we hadn’t noticed. I knew it needed fixed so I called in a plumber. So what was I supposed to do? By the time we’ve had dinner it’ll all be fixed then we can relax. How was your day honey?’

Camille hated anyone knowing her bathroom needs, even her husband. It was unladylike, unprofessional and crude so she tried pretending all was fine.

‘No. No. It’s fine. That smells lovely Michael. Thanks for making it. I’ll just go get changed out of these work clothes and I’ll be back down.’

‘Don’t be long sweetie. I’m just dishing up.’

Camille went back upstairs once again passing the toilet with its open door and beautiful toilet that she couldn’t use. She cringed and moaned softly as her vagina tingled with longing and her face flushed. She went into her bedroom and closed the door for privacy.

Alone, desperate and worried she quickly stripped off her dress, tights and shoes dancing around the room and holding herself between her legs, her hands only just reaching over her curves and full body. The torture of knowing the bathroom was just next door but being unable to access it made tears form in Camille’s eyes. She looked around the room for anything she could pee in but couldn’t find one thing. Even with a hand tight between her thighs she could feel dribbles escaping. She had to wee. She HAD to.

She found a floaty dress and slipped it over her large breasts, pulling it over her stomach and thighs. She didn’t normally change her underwear at this time of day but as her hand was damp she slipped off her knickers and opened her drawer for a fresh pair.As she did so a few warm dribbles ran down Camille’s thigh and down the inside of her leg. She sat on the bed and rocked and rubbed trying to hold back the huge flood in her bladder.

Leaning over to reach for clean pants Camille saw something that caught her attention...sanitary towels! She quickly pulled one out the packet, tore it open, peeled the sticky part and inserted it into her fresh underwear. At least that might protect from the drips and leaks she was now constantly releasing even against her best efforts. As she stood to pull the pants up a much longer spurt shot out between her thighs and landed right on the sanitary towel. Camille pressed her hand hard between her legs and danced around the room but alas another even longer spurt escaped again and Camille could feel the protection damp against her now swollen and red vaginal lips.

If only she could just use the bathroom...NOW...

‘Honey that’s dinner ready!’

Quickly Camille peeled the damp towel out, folding it around itself and pushed it back into the wrapper. She hid it in her knickers drawer before immediately inserting another towel. She just hoped that would be enough to keep any leaks hidden as she tried holding the rest of her bladder’s contents through dinner.

She grabbed herself again and leaned over the edge of the bed with the bed frame wedged between her legs and rocked. Oh she so badly had to urinate...so very badly indeed!

‘On my way honey!’

As Camille lifted her leg back over the bed frame she felt pee pour into the pad more and more. She stood with her legs apart, pulled up her dress and pulled down her underwear as she watched herself pee into her own knickers and sanitary towel. She watched as the towel changed colour as it soaked up her urine then she squeezed hard as she cut the flow, tearing the second towel out and rolling it up like the first, this one much fuller and wetter than the one before.

Frantically she placed a third towel in her knickers and released more until it too was soggy and heavy.

Still very much bursting but at least in a better position to wait she placed a forth clean towel in her pants, pulled her underwear fully up, brushed her dress down and headed downstairs for dinner with her husband.

Throughout dinner Camille squirmed, crossed her legs, pressed her thighs tightly together and swung her legs under the table. Finally the plumber came downstairs, her husband paid and he left.

As her husband saw him off Camille sneaked upstairs, sat on the toilet finally and taking a deep breathe let out the rest of her bladder. It felt heavenly to finally go but before she washed her hands she remembered to collect the three soaking used sanitary towels, binning them first so they would never be seen.

She loved her husband but it didn’t bear thinking about imagining him finding she had wet herself because she couldn’t go to the toilet because it was broken.

*004*2020-08-18 08:52

{{5 hours ago, Reinhardt_DAD said:

I've just started reading your "reasons she couldnt go" series and I'm loving them! I especially love situations where bathrooms are so close yet so far, so this one was a real sexy treat!

}}

Great to hear you are enjoying these. Thanks for reading

