10 students, 1 bathroom - tales from a university halls of residence

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-10-08 22:36

The following are true stories from an anonymous student halls of residence flat in England. Names have been changed to protect all those involved but every incident has been shared with permission to highlight just how difficult and inconvenient the practice of one bathroom to ten student rooms is in traditional student halls of residence. They have been collated as evidence building material to pressure universities nationwide to increase access to bathrooms in halls of residence and ideally to provide accommodations with en-suites.

Carmel’s experience.

Age 18

Studying: veterinary medicine

Nationality: Australian

Carmel recounted one particular day when she found it very frustrating and stressful that there was just one bathroom for all 10 students. It was only her second night in the flat, and her first with all 10 rooms full. The shared galley kitchen didn’t bother her, neither did the large but basic shared lounge, but the distinct lack of bathroom facilities made her seriously reconsider her living conditions.

Carmel had woken around 7:30. Climbing out of bed and putting on her nightdress and housecoat she had made her way straight to the bathroom having woken with a full bladder, as most people do. Unfortunately she found the bathroom in use so she went next door to the lounge and decided to wait. Perched on the arm of the corner suite she pulled her arms around her bladder to get more comfortable. There was another student in the lounge already, who sat reading and he said good morning then continued with his book. Carmel said good morning back then shortly afterwards she stood up and headed to the bathroom to check it again.

She found it still locked. Feeling thirsty she decided to make herself a mug of coffee while she waited so she walked to the kitchen and put the kettle on. Another student was sitting at the breakfast bar eating cereal and he too said good morning, to which Carmel replied good morning back. Trying not to make it obvious how much she wanted to access the bathroom Carmel untied her dressing gown, crossed and then uncrossed her legs then tied it back up as she waited for the kettle to boil.

Looking over at the bathroom she could see it was still locked and she sighed in annoyance. Taking her coffee into the lounge she sat on the corner of the suite and rested her cup on the small coffee table beside her as she crossed her legs listening out for the bathroom to become free. Sipping her coffee now and again she tried not to show how bursting she was as she wriggled as little as possible and tightened her muscles. At one point she sighed again and left her coffee momentarily to chap on the bathroom door. No-one apparently replied but she could hear water running so assumed whoever was in there was showering.

As she returned to the lounge there were a few more house mates now there and Carmel was embarrassed they might see how much she wanted to pee so she lifted her coffee and returned to her room to wait. She sat at her desk tapping her feet and wriggling hoping the bathroom would become free very soon.

Unfortunately by the time Carmel had finished her coffee and walked back to the bathroom it was still locked. Again she knocked the door and this time heard a faint reply. As she did so one of her flat mates, who she knew as Robbie, walked past with wet hair and commented that he had just come out and Lydia had just gone in with a towel and clean clothes. Carmel commented that she had been waiting a while already and she hoped Lydia wouldn’t be long.

Realising now that the the only bathroom would be in huge demand in the morning Carmel headed back to her room to gather her shower things, deciding that when she got in to pee at last she would also have a shower whilst she could. Alone in her room gathering clothes, wash things and clothing Carmel jigged around and moaned as her bladder ached for release. Looking out to see if the bathroom was free she wanted to scream when she saw yet another housemate now waiting outside to get in. Bagging all her things up she raced to the corridor and stood behind Parker who was leaning on the wall.

‘This is madness. I’ve been waiting to get into here all morning! Is it Lydia still in? I hope she hurries up?’

‘Me too. My kebab from last night is really wanting out and I could go a good piss too!’

‘Oh please don’t be too long will you? I have my first lecture at 8:45.’

Carmel told me how she felt so embarrassed standing in the corridor especially as by this point she couldn’t really stand still much and she hugged her stomach with her arms because her bladder hurt it was so full. She described how she leaned on the wall, stepped back and forth and bounced on her feet. She talked about how frustrated, annoyed and stressed she felt at starting to feel her body struggle more and more as time passed.

By the time Lydia came out, full of apologies for holding up the queue, and Parker went in, Camel recounted that she was very visibly distressed and desperate to wee and that other students even commented as they walked past, much to her embarrassment. She recalled how she turned to face the wall on one occasion in order to hide the fact she had to grab herself to prevent her body having an accident. Almost in tears by this time she said she was openly ‘pee pee dancing’ and extremely self conscious of her predicament.

Carmel’s story ended with the very unfortunate situation that when Parker exited the bathroom and she was finally able to get in that as she closed the door behind her and locked it for privacy that her bladder burst it’s banks saturating her panties, nightdress and housecoat and making a large puddle on the bathroom floor that Carmel had to clean up before showering.

Carmel wanted to share this humiliating experience in the hope of highlighting how impractical one bathroom is in a student flat with ten rooms, especially at peak times like first thing in the morning.

*002*2020-10-09 10:59

Fabian’s story

Age: 18

Studying: theology and religious studies

Nationality: Polish

Fabian was keen to speak to me despite English being his second language. He wanted to stress how he was a law abiding citizen and only acted because he was faced with no other choice. He was especially keen for me to stress how supportive the university was of him and I assured him I would pass this on.

His story happened on a Friday night. He said he had had ‘many occasions’ when he had been ‘quite bursting’ but nothing like this and he hoped he would never be in the same state again. He also wanted me to write that he didn’t feel any of his fellow house mates were to blame but that one toilet for 10 students was just plain inadequate.

He told me how this particular Friday night there was a party in the flat and that all the students had clubbed together to buy take away, alcohol and other drinks and that several, himself included, had invited friends and girlfriend/boyfriends and he estimated there may have been as many as 20 adults in the flat that night. He told me about ‘Claudia’ a girl in his study group who he liked and who he had invited. At the time that he told me about she was in his room and they were ‘making out and watching Tiktok and drinking’ when he felt he should go to the bathroom. He excused himself but found the room engaged so returned to Claudia and they continued with what they were doing. He stressed he didn’t want to say to his friend that he hadn’t gained access to the bathroom so carried on laughing, watching and kissing.

He told me he felt awkward leaving again so he made an excuse of going to get them more drinks but on passing the toilet once again it was locked. Not wanting to come back empty handed he returned to the bedroom with a can of beer for himself and gin for Claudia. On return he found Claudia had set up the Xbox and handed him a controller. She was eating crisps and took the gin from him and giggled. He told me he felt too embarrassed to say that he really needed the toilet as he had not long met Claudia and really fancied her. He said he tried to ‘grin and bear it’ though he was very restless on the bed trying to set up the game. He told me how they played a racing game but he was finding it very hard to concentrate as he wanted the bathroom quite badly. He said they must have been playing for about twenty minutes when he stood up and grabbed his crotch and said he would be right back.

He became quite animated when he said that once again the only toilet in the flat was engaged as by now he was ‘really fucking desperate’ and he was squirming in the hallway. He said he knocked on the door but the person didn’t come out and some of the others in the flat noticed and laughed at him.

At this point he went back in and said to Claudia that he was ‘dying for a slash’ but she too laughed at his situation and that got him agitated and angry. He said by this point he’d been ‘bloody bursting to go’ for ages and couldn’t help grabbing himself and moaning as he once again knocked on the bathroom door and begged whoever was in there to come out so he could pee.

‘I was a little drunk but by God I had to piss like crazy’ he said and I asked what happened next.

He hesitated, clearly worried about the consequences of his actions and looked ashamed. I reassured him his story was very important to show how much halls of residence accommodation really should have personal en-suite facilities and his account would bring to the right people the very real human situations caused by such poor facilities.

He nodded before proceeding to say that after waiting another few minutes, where at one point a small damp patch appeared on his trousers, he had no choice left but to run back to his room, open the window and piss out of it before he caused a puddle everywhere and wet himself.

I asked if he wanted to add anything more.

‘Yes. I just want to say I am sorry but it was an absolute emergency and done because I had no time to think and wanted to hide my situation from the girl in my room. I hope no one in the street got wet.’

Fabian’s story is important as we need to realise that the consequences of lack of facilities in student accommodation doesn’t just affect the students themselves but the general public too. Fabian may not be the only student forced into such a position in future.

*004*2020-10-09 23:19

{{5 hours ago, Despguy123 said:

These are absolutely fantastic, I really enjoy this style of writing!

When I was at uni, I remember being at a flat party and talking to a girl who lived in student halls with a shared bathroom and she told me that some of her flatmates had sinks in their room, and she was disappointed that she didn't have one. I remember her saying 'if I had a sink, I'd definitely wee in it', which was pretty surprising to me given that she was very posh and had attended a prestigious all-girls grammar school!

}}

Thank you. I’ll add more later this week as I get time to write them.

Well I lived in halls of residence myself I happened to have a sink in my room but it was so tiny there was no way I could peel in it regardless how desperate I was. I did try once because I had no other choice but that’s a whole other story

*006*2020-10-16 21:00

Chelsea’s recollection

Age:18

Studying: veterinary medicine

Nationality: British

Chelsea, a mixed race quiet student, was hesitant to share her experience at first. During our pre-interview discussions she shared how her parents had highly professional jobs and she had no previous experience of living away from home, let alone shared accommodation as she was an only child. She talked initially about finding her single room cramped and the flat noisy. She did add that she enjoyed getting to know her housemates and had become quite friendly with Carmel as they were on the same course.

I asked how she would describe the experience of one bathroom for 10:students and she very quickly replied, emphatically, ‘horrific, barbaric and shocking.’ It took her time to feel comfortable enough to share with me but after building up her trust she eventually confided in me about one particular time that made her angry, upset and ashamed. I could tell that it was a very significant event for her as she gave exact details as if the entire event had been ingrained in her mind forever. I would even go as far as to say that the situation has left this particular student with some underlying post traumatic stress that she may need professional help with.

Chelsea told me it happened on a Tuesday. She had a lecture in theatre 3 after lunch and she had met Carmel in the university on site restaurant for lunch before they went together. It was a whole year lecture, one of many that was deemed essential and core to the course and attendance was mandatory. There were over 200 students at the lecture and the theatre was warm. Chelsea was seated at the end of a row against a wall unable to get out without disturbing 7 other students. She told me how she had a bottle of water with her and she slipped on it throughout the lecture to keep herself attentive and hydrated. Early on in the lecture it had been stressed that notes would not be handed out to students and it was expected they would take their own notes as the curriculum formed part of the exam diet later in the year.

Chelsea took copious notes and was so busy throughout the lecture that she told me quite firmly that she hadn’t realised she really needed the toilet until the lecture was being wound up and they were preparing to leave the theatre. She mentioned she heard a few other students, especially females, mention they were heading to the bathrooms and, staying nearby, she decided she would be better to head to her own flat since she had no more tuition that day. Walking past the ladies on her way out the building she told me how this confirmed her decision as the queue was out the door. She told me Carmel had joined the queue so they parted ways and agreed to see each other back in their accommodation.

At this point Chelsea became a little restless and we stopped for a brief break as she said recalling the story like this actually seemed to make her need the bathroom again. On her return, and looking more relaxed, she asked where she had got to. I read back her account thus far and she nodded silently before taking a breath and continuing on.

‘Going outside and crossing the road to the halls I felt I needed to get back rather urgently as the need to go was extremely strong and persistent. I marched quickly along the street, gained entry to the large building and made my way upstairs to the flat I resided in at the time. Of course I went straight to the loo and I was not at all happy to find it engaged. I hadn’t anticipated that happening at all! I was bursting, really bursting, and stressed that I had no access to a bathroom.’

I gently prodded for more detail as to the impact on her of having to share such basic facilities with so many others and I noticed a distinct change in confidence and behaviour as Chelsea spoke more.

‘Well I wasn’t going to stand there dancing like a child, or knocking and begging for entry like some school child begging a teacher to be let out class, and I wasn’t going to let housemates see me struggling either. So, of course, I went to my room to wait privately and to take my coat and shoes off and put my bag away. After that I just sat on my bed squeezing my thighs with my bedroom door ajar to listen and watch out for the bathroom becoming free.’

I enquired if she had to wait long given how many she shared the flat with and at this point her voice became strained and her head bowed. She nodded and whispered, ‘Even 5 minutes can feel like a long long time when you are really really needing something badly, especially when your bladder is incredibly full. But it was longer than that. Long enough that I wondered what the occupant was actually doing in there and wished I had waited in the queue back at the university campus.’

Part of my research is to explain the full consequences of the one bathroom to ten students policy so I had to gently ask more. I explained once again why I needed this and reassured Chelsea that her account would be anonymised but that her experience was very helpful to enlighten the appropriate people at higher levels. Flushing, she nodded and finally told me what I needed to hear.

She told me how she sat squeezing and pushing and how she felt she could barely move because she felt so full. She confessed to getting angry and very annoyed at the occupant of the bathroom as she sat forwards on the edge of her bed trying to hold back the contents of her desperate bladder. She said she closed her eyes and concentrated so much on not peeing and that she undid the belt of her jeans to allow her bladder to expand. She went on to say how it hurt to hold but she hoped she would be able to use the bathroom any second.

She then said how she heard Carmel return to the flat and she saw her walk past her room as her door was ajar. Shortly afterwards she explained how Carmel knocked on her door and opened it wider, clearly interpreting the ajar door to mean Chelsea was in. Carmel began talking about the lecture but Chelsea explained how she didn’t answer as she tried to look perfectly fine despite her urgent need to pee. Chelsea was clearly embarrassed sharing how she felt a strong bladder pressure and tried to stop this by placing her thighs tight together with her hand between them. Apparently Carmel then asked Chelsea if she was ok and at this point in the interview Chelsea became emotional.

‘I knew it was about to happen and there was nothing I could do. The pressure was immense and the waiting impossible. I was unbelievably desperate and full and I can’t recall ever being that burdened. I just stood up in front of my friend, the door of my room open and I could feel it happen so suddenly and strong. My hand felt warm as the leg of my jeans changed colour right down both legs simultaneously and embarrassingly as this huge amount of urine poured out from between my legs uncontrollably. I just couldn’t stop. It was unbelievably humiliating and embarrassing and for the rest of the evening I refused to leave my room.’

I empathised and put my arm around Chelsea who was openly distressed at recalling this memory.

‘Please please get something done about this so my experience isn’t repeated. As a vet I would be struck off expecting ten cats to share one litter tray or ten rabbits to use the same area of one hutch to put their human waste in. It’s barbaric to expect ten humans to do this too. Had I had an en-suite this whole incident could have been avoided easily. Now I can’t ever forget it and it has ruined my first year in halls of residence. I can’t even bring myself to let my parents know as they would be so ashamed of me.

I felt so much sympathy for Chelsea. She could easily be one of thousands of U.K. students who may find themselves in the same position. As she righty said an en-suite facility could have easily solved her situation. No student should have to have such an accident but the longer we accept ten students to one bathroom the more stories like hers there will undoubtedly be.

*007*2020-10-17 22:19

Robbie’s case

Age: 17

Studying: Art and design

Nationality: British

Robbie came across as a confident, almost cocky local lad who loved life. He was incredibly curious about my research and even offered to draw sketches to help my work. He was easy to chat with and opened up very easily, even finding his own experience and situation rather amusing. When asked for a little more detail on occasions he readily gave this and often became animated and excited in conversation.

I started by asking how he felt in general about ten adults having to share just one bathroom. He smiled and commented simply ‘I’m sure it’s much harder for the ladies. They do seem to need to go more often and take so much longer in baths and showers but it is still pretty annoying especially in the mornings and evenings I guess.’

I then asked if it had ever caused him personally any ‘difficulty’ to which he replied ‘well a few times I’ve been dying for a slash or a good dump but had to wait a bit. That’s annoying like but if you time it right some days aren’t too bad. There has been one or two times things have been really interesting’, mostly after some crap take away the night before or coming back from the pub. One time there was a big game on and we had beers and that and things got really, lets say very critical. Is that the sort of things you want to know about?’

Once Robbie got started he was actually hard to stop, insisting he tell me about more than one of those situations. For the purposes of research I felt both were worthy of inclusion., however his second situation is better included under ‘bowel inconvenience’ and therefore I have only included the bladder related one here.

It was the night of the football finals apparently and Robbie recounted how the five males of the house all planned on ‘taking over’ the living room with pizza and beers. The girls had ‘other things’ planned which he hadn’t paid much attention to as he sat ready for the game to begin. I could tell Robbie was a big sports fan and he talked about the game passionately. He said the match was very close and by half time he had had ‘at least’ two beers plus ‘anything else I was offered basically’. He explained how he spent half time getting more pizza but that shortly after the second half started he felt he should use the bathroom.

However, apparently around this time a penalty kick was taking place so he decided to hold off for a bit. Then after that the game was a draw and things got very tense so Robbie explained how he ignored how badly he had to piss in favour of watching the game. I asked if he assumed that he would be able to access the bathroom at the end of the game and he remarked,

‘Of course I assumed that. I mean there was only five of us and surely we wouldn’t all wait to the end to piss, and besides the girls had something else planned so I certainly wasn’t expecting any of them to be in was I?’

Robbie went on to explain how the game went on to extra time and he was really regretting holding his bladder as he sat tensed crouched forward on the couch shouting at the TV set.

‘Sure I was a little drunk and caught up in the game and stuff but my leg was bouncing still and when I thought no-one was looking I either had a hand in my pocket or I pressed on my penis. I just sort of didn’t want to miss the most exciting bit so I held on as best I could begging the game to finish in my mind. And yes Fabian will tell you that at one point I shouted to the TV to hurry up cos I was bloody bursting for a piss! I mean I was drunk and that and we all had a laugh about it.’

Robbie then explained what happened next. At this point he was sketching and keen to draw what happened too. He said when the game finally finished he grabbed himself and rushed to the toilet but found it locked. He showed me the sketch at this point which was of a male character bent forwards with a hand over his crotch and a tense face and the other hand banging on a closed door.

Apparently one of the girls passed by and laughed saying that they were having a pamper night and that Sammy and Marianna were in dying Sammy’s hair and would be there quite a while. Robbie, apparently, swore a number of times at this point before going into the kitchen where a few of the lads were finishing off the left over pizza.

‘I couldn’t wait. Beer goes right through me and I could feel my dick about to explode so I went into the recycling bag and pulled out some beer bottles and I couldn’t care who watched me. I wasn’t going to piss my favourite jeans cos the girls wanted a fucking hair dye night! So I pulled my dick out and pissed in two beer bottles. I leaked a lot on the kitchen floor because I was a bit too drunk to aim right but by God it felt so much better to go!’

After reading back my notes to Robbie to check for any mistakes I was amazed to see him laughing heartily. I smiled at his openness and willingness to find his own embarrassment funny but I did have to ask one final question.

‘Do you have any final comments you would like the university to know in regards to the situation of ten students to one bathroom?

‘Yes! Definitely don’t have mixed students because by goodness do woman find some crazy things to do in bathrooms when a guy needs a slash badly. Ten guys to one toilet might actually be ok. I blame the girls. Honestly I do.’

I wasn’t expecting the issue of sexuality to be raised but it clearly is something the university need to be aware of. If one bathroom to two students is exasperating already sexual tensions and creating inequalities then this is a matter for student rights as well as student welfare.

*011*2020-10-19 22:29

It’s absolutely brilliant to read these comments. Still more to come to look out for them as I get a chance to write/post.

*013*2020-10-19 23:02

{{19 minutes ago, Despguy123 said:

I wonder if any of the students would be brave enough to utilise the kitchen sink, should the urgent desire to empty their bladders overcome their fear of getting caught!

}}

You just never know

*014*2020-10-22 10:13

Marianna’s account

Age: 19

Studying: Education

Nationality: Spanish

Marianna was one of the hardest students to interview for a number of reasons. She was worried about the implications of her career, anonymity, and she twice ‘forgot’ about our meeting. However after interviewing a number of the other students she became much more engaged and relaxed.

She was the first student to mention things like cleanliness, as well as health implications around being delayed access and she also wanted it noted how she had twice tried making a rota for bathroom use but how this was never stuck to and seemed to cause even more friction. She sighed when saying this and added ‘ten people to one bathroom might not be so bad if everyone worked together but all it really does is highlight selfishness.’

I slowly tried asking if she would elaborate on why she felt this but she clammed up and took a bit of convincing to talk again. I took a fresh tactic at this point asking if she could give me reasons why she felt en-suites should be standard and after the usual ‘privacy, cleanliness, convenience etc’ she added under her breath ‘and to save idiots deliberately being selfish and causing others distress.’ This remark appeared to be aimed directly at another student and I sensed major hostility may have been caused by the lack of bathroom facilities in the flat.

My hunch was right when finally Marianna said more. She mentioned how she had been rather attracted to one of the male students in the flat and that things had formed between them over time and it had become a bit of a running joke among the others that they were a couple. They didn’t seem a great match though and the relationship was very hot and cold and caused some issues among the group as a whole. They were in a hostile phase when the bathroom incident occurred apparently.

Marianna had been in the lounge chilling and reading some coursework after her dinner when the on/off boyfriend had come in laughing and joking loudly with another girl who he was obviously dating. This had triggered Marianna who took her can of juice and laptop and went into her room closing and locking her door behind her. She shared how she was ‘in no mood to come back out’ and after an hour or so of reading over coursework she decided to FaceTime her family back in Spain. It was during this FaceTime call to family that she recalled needing to use the toilet. However she didn’t want to appear rude to family so she told me how she ‘hung on’ through quite a long video call to the point that by the time she hung up she was quite bursting and fidgety.

At this point she unlocked her door and made her way to the bathroom but the other student was in the hallway with his new girl openly kissing and fondling. This made Marianna very uncomfortable and she felt unable to wait in the hallway to use the bathroom. The other student apparently laughed on seeing her try unsuccessfully to access the bathroom which triggered Marianna even more and a bit of a shouting match followed with Marianna returning to her room and slamming the door. Still bursting she moaned under her breath behind the closed door and fidgeted before deciding to try and ignore the couple and go back to the toilet.

On doing so she found the bathroom door open but just as she was about to step in the male student pulled his new girlfriend inside the door where they blocked it standing kissing and feeling each other up and laughing. By this point Marianna had had enough so she told me how she went into her room, put her coat on and walked out the flat in anger.

As I prodded gently for more information on what happened next I could sense Marianna was both still angry at the situation and at the same time reluctant to admit what actually happened.

‘He’s a fucking dick! I mean what sort of prat does that when you know there’s only one bathroom?’

I quietly nodded and asked if she found somewhere else to go.

She began explaining how she at first walked to the main campus of the university but by now it was late evening and all closed. So she headed for a supermarket where she knew she could use the ladies. By now this had closed too and she was ‘dying for a wee’. Struggling to think she was left with a choice of walking three quarters of a mile to MacDonalds or back to the flat. By now her angrer had subsided and she was determined that the other student would not stop her peeing. So she headed back to the flat walking quickly because she had to go so badly.

But Marianna’s bladder was really struggling and by the time she arrived back at the flat she confessed that her jeans were soaked and the student was still in the hallway with his new girl so she had to push past them to get to her room.

I drew the interview to the normal conclusion by asking if there was one thing she especially wanted the powers to know about regarding the ten students to one bathroom and Marianna was abundantly clear.

‘Tell them if they don’t bloody give us en-suites then they can try holding their bladders for an hour and end up pissing themselves in public and see how they bloody well like it. Oh but remind them that if it wasn’t for bloody selfish people like....### (name scored out for anonymity reasons) then maybe the one bathroom would work.’

I hadn’t even considered the implications for difficult relationships but this case really highlights how personal differences can really add to the already inconvenience of ten people having to share one bathroom.

*015*2020-10-29 13:39

Parker’s solution

Age: 19

Studying: Philosophy

Nationality: American

Parker was a very independent confident young man who seemed to thrive in the busy student accommodation for many reasons. Despite only living in England a month or so before I interviewed him he had certainly picked up many English phrases and ways, though he was very patriotic about his own nationality too.

He was also an incredibly busy man who as well as studying had part time employment. My interview was therefore shorter than some of the others but just as important and relevant.

I began by asking how he felt in general about the accommodation and specifically the one bathroom to ten student rooms policy. Parker pulled out his phone and was keen to show me how clear the written material from the university was about the accommodation set up and therefore that he didn’t expect en-suite accommodation and that the price of the apartment clearly reflected the percentage of shared facilities.

‘You get what you pay for right? I mean many a large family can have the same issue so it’s not a big deal. It’s not like there’s no other facilities we can use? We are free to use the university campus toilets, or the ones in the library or any public ones. We are adults and ought to be able to accommodate each other and wait a little now and again. Though obviously that’s a bit harder on occasions but then you just need to think out the box a bit. It’s about communication I say. Anyway, it’s not like you can just get to go whenever you want in real life anyway. In a job you gotta wait for a break, in a lecture you can’t just walk out and in a shop you can’t just abandon your bags whenever nature calls. So it’s like training for real life in a way.’

After I finished recording his answer I went on to ask if he had ever wished that there was another bathroom in the flat or that his room had an en-suite.

‘Oh of course I have. Mornings are utter chaos and same in the evening. Parties are a disaster for pissing and pity help us if one of us has IBS or hungover and vomiting. Even if the actual toilet was separate from the washing facilities that would help. But altogether means more waiting. Baths are the worse though!’

I asked if Parker had any specific examples he was willing to share and he laughed.

‘You mean to say the others haven’t told you about that already? They’ve been calling me Pissy Parker ever since!’

When I confirmed that I knew nothing about any incidents involving him he was happy to tell me how he had acquired his apparent nickname. This is his recount:

‘I had been to work in the call centre. I work part time for an insurance company handling claims. Helps pay the fees and that. It’s just a three hour shift so I don’t qualify for any breaks or the like. I was running a bit late as a lecture ran on so I grabbed some fish and chips at the chip shop and a litre bottle of Pepsi and ate and drank here before heading out. I can’t remember if I used the bathroom before leaving but I guess I must have not thought about it or it was busy, as usual. Sometimes, actually most times, I try to use the toilets there before the shift starts but I was late and didn’t want reprimanded.

I must have easily been half way through the shift before I even started to feel any need to go. I just sort of ignored it at first, you know change positions in the seat, that sort of thing. That worked for a while but then the need to go gradually got stronger until for the last 40 minutes I was fidgeting obviously and desperate for the shift to end. I had call after call so wasn’t even able to ask for a quick break though I know they wouldn’t have approved one anyway. By the time 9pm arrived I was so bursting I almost ran out the room to the toilets. But, God knows why, they were locked and the line manager was in the main room on a call! I was raging! Thankfully the building is in the town here and just ten minutes walk from the halls so I just zipped up my coat and trotted back here pronto!

I walked so damn fast because I was dying for a piss and I wasn’t even sure if I would make it! I daren’t even think that the bathroom could be in use because I knew what would happen if it was. I was pure sweating and frantic and all I could think about was my bloody rock hard bladder and getting release. I even started jogging because ever second counted!

I got in the flat and had to grab myself through my jeans as I walked down the hall to the toilet. I saw Robbie and muttered as I passed about how bad I needed to piss. He smiled but never said anything, at least if he did I don’t remember because all I could think about was not pissing myself. I get to the toilet, one hand on my crotch, bent forwards in agony and the other hand on the door handle when to my utter shock it it was locked! I banged the door begging whoever was in to let me in, saying it was an emergency as I squeezed my thighs together and wanted to scream.

Panicking I walked into the main lounge still holding myself and marching on the spot. That’s when I moaned and shouted above the TV, ‘Who is in the fucking bathroom? I’m practically pissing myself here I need to go so fucking badly!’

That’s when I heard laughter and sniggers probably because I was marching like a crazy man and grabbing myself. Fabian walked past me into the kitchen and looked at my sympathetically. He commented something about ‘So relatable. You been needing it a while then?’. I remember saying back that I had been at work without a break then the gents were locked and I needed in NOW!’ He must have been going in for a drink because he jokingly offered me his empty glass which I grabbed, turned around to face the wall, undid my fly pronto and pissed into the glass in the living room for everyone to hear!

It wasn’t my finest moment and the others won’t let me live in down but God it felt so good to go! ‘

I asked Parker if he had any final comments to which he laughed and replied. ‘Well my advice to anyone thinking of living in these halls is to buy a bucket! After that incident that’s what I did and I can tell you it’s bloody well used more than you think!’

Do we really think though as a society that our own students and guests being educated here from all around the world should be resorting to using buckets for toilets because we still think it’s acceptable in 2020 to have ten students to one bathroom?

*016*2020-11-11 00:34

Finally had a chance to continue this series.

Lydia’s account

Age:18

Studying: Nursing and healthcare

Nationality: British

Lydia, a small, young looking, but intelligent and caring girl was happy to be interviewed. She came across as fairly care feee and easy going, though thorough and diligent. Like all the others I began by asking her in general how she felt about ten students sharing one bathroom. She smiled and shared how she came from a very large blended family living between both parents who had subsequently both remarried and had other children and as a result sharing a bathroom with many others was something she was accustomed to and therefore seemed rather normal to her.

I then asked if it had caused her personally any difficulties and what these had been. She was happy to share things like:

There were days when she didn’t bother showering as she was unable to gain access to the shower in a timely manner.

There were frequent days when she left for university having not accessed the bathroom once before leaving.

She brushed her teeth in the small sink in her room everyday because the bathroom supine was rarely available.

She usually entered the bathroom carrying a bottle of bleach as she felt the cleanliness of some of the others wasn’t great so she regularly cleaned the bathroom before use.

The latter one wasn’t something any of the others had mentioned much so I was keen to ask about this more.

‘I’m definitely a bit of a clean freak I guess. In health care it’s so important, though I don’t feel the need to say, wash my hair daily, but I do tie it back and wear a net on placement. But the standard of cleanliness in student halls is never going to be medical standard. I get that. Maybe I have OCD but I refuse to use a toilet that isn’t clean.’

Refuse seemed quite a strong choice of words and I was curious how this affected Lydia in daily life in the flat. I asked directly if she had actually chosen not to use the bathroom due to cleanliness and hygiene (or lack thereof) to which she nodded vigorously. After some gentle prodding she shared one notable incident.

One night I had a lot of course work to get through so I made myself some dinner and some tea and ate in my room whilst studying. Around 8:30 there was something on TV I wanted to watch so I went through to the main sitting room to see if anyone else was planning to watch it too. A few of the guys were watching a film and drinking beer so I went back to my room to watch alone. On my way Fabian passed me heading for the bathroom holding his stomach. I found out later he had some stomach issues but I never knew at the time.

I passed the kitchen and got some flavoured water to take to my room. I settled at my desk watching the programme on iplayer and about half way through I felt I needed a pee. I am used to waiting, and to be honest it doesn’t bother me much, so I figured I would go when the programme ended. It was very interesting. I guess it must have been around 9:15 when it ended but when I went to go pee the bathroom was busy again.

I knew I could wait so I just got into my pyjamas and played some games online and held on before eventually trying again. When it was locked I chapped to ask if the occupant could let me know when they got out. It was definitely one of the guys and sounded most like Fabian. Carmel walked past me and commented that she though Fabian might not be feeling great. That’s when I remembered him holding his stomach earlier on.

Worried he might have highly contagious gastroenteritis that would spread quickly through the flat I went back to my room for my apron, plastic gloves and bleach. I really needed to empty my bladder but I tend not to show when I’m bursting because coming from a large blended family I found too many people found my desperation funny. So I just casually waited in the hallway even though my bladder was screaming to get release. As a trainee nurse holding a full bladder is considered an essential skill of the job so I considered that night to be work practice.

What I hadn’t anticipated was quite how long Fabian would be and quite what a mess I would encounter. I think I was outside waiting almost ten minutes which might not seem long but I had been wanting access for almost an hour and my bladder was extremely full. Fabian did finally come out, though he looked pale and quiet. I decided that once I had used the facilities I would check up on him.

Now that night is the one night that having just one bathroom was awful. Fabian clearly had left his mark and regardless how badly I needed to urinate I could not bring myself to use such a filthy toilet. But have you ever tried cleaning a toilet when you really really need to use it? I hadn’t locked the door as at this point I was cleaning up not using the toilet and Marianna walked it. She agreed wholeheartedly that the state of the bathroom was horrendous and said she would help me.

Now that was both a blessing and a curse! Of course I was grateful for the help, especially as she returned with a mop bucket with hot water and disinfectant and a mop. But on the other hand I couldn’t use the bathroom while the door was open and while Marianna was there and by now I was so utterly desperate!’

I was desperate to know what happened next and Lydia was happy to say.

‘I closed the toilet door once Marianna came back joking that we didn’t need any more of the students making more mess. I then returned to the toilet to scrub it while Marianna started cleaning the sink. I though I might have an accident and while pressing my thighs tight together I joked with Marianna that running water often made me need a pee. Of course she told me just to go but I bit my lip and looked at the filthy toilet and I just couldn’t bring myself to use it no matter how bursting I was. I started cleaning it but I must have moaned in urgency because Marianna stopped cleaning the sink and looked at me. That’s when she outright asked me if I needed to go badly? I nodded and told her how long I had been waiting and she laughed and once again told me to just go.

But how could I sit on a soiled seat? I ended up saying to Marianna that I just couldn’t sit on such a dirty loo. She looked thoughtful before asking if I could wait until it was clean but by now I was breathing heavily I had to go so bad. I just shook my head but then she dropped her cloth in the sink and pulled me into the shower cubicle. She just stood looking at me while I squirmed before leaning towards me and undoing my jeans. Then seeing that I was frozen in fear she began pulling my jeans down, then my pants. I think it was the pants coming away that did it as I just crouched in the shower and pissed this huge long stream that left Marianna staring in amazement.’

I thanked Lydia greatly for sharing her recollection and asked if she had any final remarks.

‘Oh yes! Please tell the university that either we get en-suite or they invest in a daily cleaner as I never ever want to be left with a choice of a filthy dirty loo or a communal shower again. It’s disgusting really and will breed infections.’

I have added some graphs below to highlight this very point and the level of illness in properties with just one bathroom to ten students is almost double that of those with en-suites. It appears Lydia’s worries were definitely not unfounded at all.

*017*2020-11-22 22:09

Harvey’s interview

Age:19

Studying: politics

Nationality: English

Harvey was a smart, well dressed, well groomed young man who had vast experience living away from home having previously been at an all boys boarding school. He was built very much for his preferred sport of rugby and his long golden hair curled to his shoulders. His take on the situation of one bathroom to ten students was more political minded than any other student and he was very forthcoming with his thoughts.

My first general question was the same as for the others and that was about his general thoughts on the subject. It became very quickly apparent to me that Harvey saw the set up as more of a means for the institutions to gain finance from the accommodation more than student comfort and that the public acceptance of this was a further reflection on both the way students were viewed by society in general and the lack of investment in state education as a whole. He was particularly knowledgable of ownership and history of the universities as establishments and he was quick to point out that even private accommodation for students didn’t have to meet the same standards as residential properties throughout the U.K.

Due to his knowledge and background I was keen to explore why he had chosen a shared flat with just one bathroom over more expensive solitary community accommodation or a smaller flat share.

‘I didn’t want to single myself out. My dad is the businessman and it is his family wealth and business who pay for my education but since divorcing dad my mum has a more modest lifestyle, though albeit still above many of a similar age and education. I always promised mum I wouldn’t boast about my privilege though she wouldn’t approve of many of my other exploits, but those aren’t relevant here. Besides dad allocated a monthly spent and with fees and rent this option gave me the most left over for myself so why not?’

I sensed a level of cockiness in Harvey that I hadn’t really encountered before with any of the others so I laughingly asked if he had ever used the one bathroom set up to his advantage.

‘Sure! Who hasn’t? I mean when someone bangs the door when you are in the shower and you pretty much know they might be bursting you have a choice don’t you? I mean I am not saying I always do this but once or twice I’ve kind of taken my time washing my hair or shaving or whatever just because I can. And yes I have used the bathroom for other things for privacy too. Who hasn’t? Sometimes on my own and sometimes with a girl. I mean why not? I pay to use it the same as the others and if I chose to use the shower to fuck a sexy girl then the others just need to wait don’t they?’

I thought back to my interview with one of the girls who had shared specifically about a house mate blocking the entrance to the bathroom by making out with a girl and I wondered if Harvey would admit he had done this.

Lightheartedly I jested and asked if he had ever blocked entry other than the incidents he had already shared.

‘Fuck yes! And I’d do it again too. Once one of the girls wanted in. She came back a number of times and I could tell she was desperate. It seemed funny to make her wait even longer because the bitch had turned me down. So I got her back by blocking the door kissing a hot girl who I hardly even knew. Watching the girl struggle was bloody hilarious.’

I could by now see that Harvey thought rather highly of himself and I wanted to challenge him a little. I also hoped that switching tone might help him think how others might feel but once again his answers were more reflective of his character and upbringing. I asked if he personally had ever found himself in need of the bathroom but unable to use it due to the demand.

At this he shrugged and laughed.

‘You mean have I had to hold it because of the long standing political underfunding and underinvestment of students and the violation of their human rights?’

‘Yip’

‘Shit yeah. I’ve ate my Lidl shite weetabix sitting on a cheap IKEA kitchen stood fiddling with my dick under the breakfast bar trying to hold it. I’ve sat with my hand down my trousers in my room bloody dying for a whizz but can’t get in and I’ve writhed on my bed swearing about to piss my bed because some muppet was in the shower, but it’s cool. I ain’t pissed myself once so what’s the issue?’

Picking up on his confidence I asked a hypothetical question to see how he would respond.

‘So, let’s say, for talks sake you woke with a full bladder. For one reason or another the other 9 students all got to use the bathroom for showers, hair washing, using the toilet and whatever else, would you just wait without any issue at all?’

‘Well someone has to be last don’t they? Has it ever been me? Fuck yeah. Did it bother me? Mmm not so much to start with but I don’t give a damn about anyone knowing if I need to piss so I hold until it gets fucking agony then I just find another solution.’

‘What’s the longest you have waited before you found another solution?’

‘Geez I’m not sure? I mean that depends when you start counting doesn’t it? But one morning I reckon I held over an hour before I gave up.’

‘Would you feel comfortable telling me more about that?’

Squashing another beer can (his second finished thus far in the interview) he jested that some people get off on this ‘stuff’ but then carried on anyway.

‘I woke needing I guess but not totally desperate. More hungover probably but hey. Robbie, he’s part Scottish, introduced me to Irn Bru,a bit like cola but more sickly sweet. Fucking amazing stuff for hangovers. So I had a can in the kitchen then sat watching breakfast TV eating cheap weetabix waiting for the bog. I must have sat there maybe half an hour bouncing my leg and changing position. I mind the dishwasher had broke so I was washing my breakfast dishes holding my crotch openly telling anyone who walked in that I couldn’t help it cos I was bursting. Where’s the point hiding it? We all piss man.

I was fed up waiting for the shower so I went to my room to get dressed as all I had on was my boxers. God that was a struggle, you know the getting dressed, and I squirmed like an idiot doing that. I couldn’t go out of course so I went to the living room to wait but it was fucking obvious cos I couldn’t keep my hands out my crotch. I have standards though so I stood looking out the window squeezing myself facing away from everyone and bouncing from foot to foot. I was determined not to piss myself though.’

‘So did you eventually get access to the bathroom?’

‘Well yeah but not until I had to be, let’s say, ‘creative’. I mean I beginning to get a boner I was squeezing so much. I was bloody dying to piss that morning. Most of the others by this point had gone to classes, placements, whatever so there wasn’t so many about but for God only knows why the bathroom was still fucking locked! By this point I couldn’t even think straight. So I went into the kitchen to find something to piss in. My plan was to take whatever I found to my room and just piss there but I started feeling this awful cramp and I knew I was about to piss myself. I pulled the step stood that’s kept there for the smaller women to stand on to read stuff and I just stood on it facing the kitchen sink, unzipped and let it out. I didn’t care who saw me because they must all have known I was dying to go. I’m not all selfish though as I did wash the sink when I was done but it was so worth it to let go.

So yeah it’s not like I haven’t had to hold but you choose to live here you gotta just accept some stuff haven’t you? If you can’t, cough up the dosh and move somewhere else.’

At this point Harvey was getting increasingly uncomfortable and fidgety so I drew the interview to a close by asking if he had any final remarks to add to my report.

At this he shrugged and commented:

‘You can do all the reports, petitions, stories, whatever that you like but I’m telling you it won’t make one bit of difference. It’s all about money and politics. Universities make the accommodation nicer, more toilets and stuff and then they need to charge more. Then only the rich can afford to come so there’s an outcry at that. Plus universities are educational establishments not bloody landlords. They invest in teaching standards not loos. You live here by choice because you don’t want to study in your home town then you accept what that looks like or take your money elsewhere. No disrespect honey but I reckon you’re wasting your time with this.’

I do wonder if Harvey would have felt similar if he had needed the bathroom for something he couldn’t use the kitchen sink for. Then again he did get me thinking: do we really see students as worth investing in and would having en-suite accommodation really make it unaffordable for many like he suggested?

*018*2020-11-26 11:52

Ishaan’s solution

Age: 20

Studying: Accountancy

Nationality: Indian

Ishaam was by far the quietest and most guarded student, hesitant to talk with me and suspicious of my motives.it was obvious English wasn’t his first language though I explained that my remit was genuine and that I only wanted to improve his living conditions and he eventually agreed to speak with me, though his interview was the quickest of all.

Like the others I started by asking his general views on the apartment, and more specifically the one bathroom to ten students. He shrugged, replying simply ‘this is normal is it not?’. I did explain that some universities had better arrangements but he shrugged at this too, clearly not seemingly too stressed by his living arrangements.

I tried asking if he had ever had times when he had really wanted access to the bathroom, for cleaning himself, gaining personal relief or anything else but been made to wait.

‘Of course mam. This is normal for everyone.’

I nodded but tried to stress that a ratio of 10:1 was most likely actually well above normal for most people and would probably cause them significant inconvenience.

‘I have other places too though? Don’t we all?’

I was keen to hear more about these ‘other places’ so asked Ishaam to tell me more.

‘The library. The university. The stores in the mall. Even the bus station. I go when out lots because this makes senses does it not? Be organised and plan ahead! It’s not hard.’

I recorded his answers but curiosity was still bothering me.

‘But what about first thing in the morning? Or evenings?’

‘I brush teeth in room. That ok. I wait and go at University. Ishaam just go early if I need to. Sometimes I use it here if free, but if not I wait and go where I can. I study late at library and go there always. I do what I need to do. People here don’t plan I find. That’s the problem. Not lack of facilities, lack of forethought.’

I was impressed at Ishaam, who appeared to be the only student who hadn’t found himself in any sort of ‘emergency situation’ due to the shared toilet arrangement and I was beginning to think he would have little evidence to add to my report. But I was anxious to make sure one final time.

‘That’s very organised. I am highly impressed Ishaam. So just to clarify, you haven’t had any issue at all with the one bathroom to ten students and your recommendation is to be organised and plan ahead? So you haven’t ever experienced personally any times of desperation or wishing things were different, say perhaps that you had access to your own private bathroom?’

‘Oh mam, I am human too. My plans have had to change, yes even rather urgently at times, to ensure all was well. And this country not good for 24 hour toilets so that is something that needs to be better. I not have, what do you call, ‘accident’? I not have those but I come close to that. But now I plan better.’

‘Would you be able to tell me more about those ‘close calls’ at all?

‘Emmm. Ok. One time studying late at library I drink flask of coffee to keep me awake. I had assignment due and need to study so I stay very late. I need to use facilities but I enjoy study too much so I wait and wait. I don’t want coffee go cold so I drink it all. But then trouble happen and I get distracted by body need. I not want to stop studying so I keep writing and reading then librarian tell me I have to leave. I think I better use boys room badly but it is locked. I have to wait. I was not happy. Walking back here I try store with bathroom but it closed too. This is not good. Ishaam worried now! I run to house as it’s bad, real bad, but then I can’t go here. Someone in bath.’

‘Oh that’s when you wished you had your own bathroom? You must have been very desperate after a full flask of coffee?’

‘Yes. I had to go bad. I went to room so I could think and plan. I try to wait hard. I try to be good citizen. I really struggle so bad. It not good thing to see.’

‘So did you let anyone know? Did you tell anyone about it? What did you do?’

‘I not talk about it. That not thing to do. I just try to wait so much. I worry on own. No tell anyone, only you now.’

‘So did you just hold right until you gained access to the bathroom?’

‘Ah. I tried to. So much. I thought I would go pop. It so so bad. I had to do a really bad thing. I had to be a bad citizen.’

‘But you said you hadn’t had any accidents? So what did you do that was so bad Ishaam? No judgement. These things happen to us all.’

Ishaam was clearly uncomfortable and embarrassed. In a hushed voice he whispered gently,

‘I not be able to hold longer. I put it in flask.’

‘Oh. Well you had to do something didn’t you?’

‘Yes’

‘So based on your personal experience would you recommend the university look to install en-suite facilities in student accommodation.’

‘Ok. I think that be good. Or maybe one more bathroom? I not want to use flask again!’

‘No indeed. Thank you for your time.’

I found Ishaam’s case interesting. His reluctance and embarrassment at speaking out, combined with the language and cultural barriers must surely be factors in why so many students are still facing the barbaric situation of just one bathroom to 10 students even now in 2020?

*019*2020-11-27 23:59

Here’s the final one in this series. I hope some of you have enjoyed these. They were based on my own student experiences.

Sammy’s story

Age: 19

Studying: history

Nationality: Irish

Sammy was the final student I interviewed in flat 7. She was a pleasure to chat to, open, outgoing, giggly and fun. I was aware she hadn’t been mentioned by the others and wondered why. I found out very quickly that she was not in the flat as often as the others as she worked at a local buffet restaurant between her studies and also did some shifts at a local bar too. I began in my usual manner asking how she viewed the accommodation in general and the bathroom facilities specifically.

‘You mean we have a bathroom in here? You know I’d hardly know it because I can’t get into it much at all,’ she laughed.

I chuckled and said that others had hinted similar too.

‘I take it you would much prefer individual en-suite then?’

‘Oh goodness yes! For small bladdered girls like me most definitely! It’s crazy here!’

‘So I have been hearing. So I assume this set up has caused you difficulties? Has there been times you have found it stressful?’

‘Good God every single day! To be sure it’s like a circus here and every minute one of us is moaning or cross legged or squirming. I bet right now someone in this very flat is waiting for that bathroom and having to hold (she was 100% right because having been there all day i myself was rather desperate by this point though I wasn’t going to say of course!). It’s usually me and now you are talking about it I better go see if it’s vacant. I’m always needing I am.’

Sammy slipped out but returned quickly and sat back opposite me.

‘As always: Locked.’

‘So, has, emmm, has there been any specific times...you’ve err, really struggled waiting to gain access? Would you mind sharing those so I can collate all these experiences, anonymously of course, and pass them on. I think it’s quite important that the university is aware of the, emmm discomfort and stress this is causing people.’

‘Oh God where do I start? Have you got all night?’

(I wasn’t sure I had 15 minutes by this point let alone all night, having been offered tea and coffee throughout the day and now onto student number 10 without a break.)

‘Well there was the time I arrived at my bar job bursting and ending up pissing myself behind the bar, there’s been many days at the restaurant when I have been dancing and jigging about so much one of the others either laugh or tells me to run before I wee myself. Then there’s been like lectures I have leaked in , exams I’ve been dying in, assessments I’ve squirmed through and shows on TV that I’ve sat through utterly desperate. There’s seriously NEVER a day here when I’m not wriggling, jiggling, bouncing and bursting! So what ones do you want to hear about? I’ve pissed myself, ran outside and squatted in the dark just to piss, peed on towels in my room just to release and even ran all the way to Tesco one evening just to use their loo so I wouldn’t wet myself! I could write a book never mind a report! You want to hear about any of those?’

‘Emmm, I already have quite a collection but if you wouldn’t mind elaborating on one, ideally directly due to not being able to access the bathroom here...did you say it was locked just now?...that would be perfect.’

Sammy giggled, sitting cross legged on the kitchen chair and paused at this point.

‘I’ll tell you the TV one then since I was here the whole time. It’s a very common one anyway.’

Sammy went on to tell me about her entire day. After a few minutes of listening to her when she hadn’t even got to mid day I felt I had to interrupt her. I had been in the flat all day and not only were the other students clearly keen to get freer access to their kitchen but I was very keen to finish up myself. I should add that by this point I was very restless myself and having been talking and writing about the illusive bathroom I was very keen to see it (and use it!) for myself. It definitely appeared Sammy wanted the same thing as when I interrupted her she ran out the room, excusing herself but then returned quickly afterwards.

On her return she seemed to want to jump right to the point and told me very briefly and quickly about an evening she had a rare evening off and a group of them were watching Netflix. She said she’d had way too much tea and tried to get access to the toilet at least 5 times but each time it was locked and how she had sat squirming, wriggling, rocking and bouncing trying to wait. Being able to 100% relate to how she felt I had to ask if she eventually got access.

‘On that occasion yes. But the thing is less than an hour later I was bursting again! That’s the thing about breaking the seal after holding for ages. To be sure I was actually thinking of buying a potty for my room you know. Problem is that only works if I am here. All too often because I can’t go before I need to leave I end up arriving at university, shops, the pub or the restaurant desperate which impacts on my performance there. Sorry do you mind if I nip out a second. I’ll be right back!’

I guessed where Sammy was going, privately wishing I could go myself.

I packed up while she was away, making polite conversation with some of the others I had interviewed earlier who were in the kitchen and I gazed momentarily at the kitchen sink which Harvey had told me earlier he had used in desperation. Having now experienced for myself how difficult it was to share just one bathroom for a full flat of 10 students I could truly appreciate why he had taken such drastic measures.

It was a few minutes before Sammy returned, looking more relaxed and comfortable.

I ended by asking her one final question and that was did Sammy have anything she wished to add.

She paused at this then said,

‘I wish the university would look at the implications of this policy in broader terms. Yes it would cost more to build and maintain more bathrooms but they need to think of the mental health as well as the physical health of students. We can’t possibly be productive, happy, relaxed and efficient people if we spend a chunk of everyday holding a full bladder or waiting for a shower, or whatever. They should look at the impact of this policy on how we are at work, how unhygienic it must be if any of us take radical actions and how it affects our social lives because we don’t feel we can even have friends over because of insufficient facilities.’

I promised her I would ensure this was all noted and included then thanked her and made my way out, noticing as I passed that the bathroom was, as seemed to be common, both closed and locked.

As I got in my car to drive home after a long day I had an awful lot on my mind, and even more sloshing about in my bladder.

