My first public story!

Author: MisakaBestGirl

*000*2020-01-01 03:19

I’ve been a huge of fan of this kind of content for since I was a teenager, but although I’ve done a quite a lot of writing in private I’ve never posted any of it for others to read. I’ve been trying to develop a style based off of my favourite writers on this site, and today I made an account and decided to post something on here. I don’t know if I’ll be any good, but I’ve got quite a bit of practise now and I want to share something.

Beginning of Part 1:

“Hey, I’m kinda lonely tonight, can I come round yours?”, I type into my phone keypad.

I deliberate for a second.

What if she things I’m being clingy? We only saw each other yesterday...

What if she doesn’t want me to come round!?

What if she doesn’t... like me anymore...?

“Stop panicking Ellie, you're just sending her a text!”, I tell myself. It doesn’t work.

I force myself to click send, and my anxiety calms down once I’ve done it.

Within seconds my text had been sent to my girlfriend, Zoë.

Well, I say girlfriend... I asked her to be mine and she accepted, but we haven’t done much girlfriend-y stuff yet. I still find myself blushing every time I think of her; I’m that inexperienced with relationships.

I’ve been wanting the toilet for a while so I’m pretty uncomfortable, so while awaiting her reply I absentmindedly rearrange my legs and sit back in my chair.

”Gotta pee... gotta pee... gotta pee...”, I think to myself while trying to get comfortable.

I eventually settle with one crossed over the other, as it takes my mind off of visiting the girls’ room.

Ten minutes and a cup of tea later, I receive a message back:

“‘Course you can! There’s something I wanted to ask you, so this is perfect.”

Immediately, I smile. I’m so excited!

I tell her I’ll be there by 7PM, and start thinking of what to wear.

I uncross my legs, finish the rest of my tea, stand up, and walk over to my wardrobe.

I’ve got a huge selection of clothes, both girly and tomboyish, but I prefer comfort over style and won’t wear anything that I don’t like the feel of. Today I’m feeling kinda naughty so I grab a short blue skirt, still long enough to cover everything but I’m a little worried about wearing it on stairs. Hopefully Zoë will like it, she’s always telling me I should wear less modest clothing. I decide on a pink shirt to go with it, a very comfortable and slightly fluffy shirt which I always feel should be for pyjamas, but technically isn’t.

I pull up my panties, a simple white pair, and then put on my skirt. I do a little twirl to show it off, and it immediately falls down. I’ve been losing a lot of weight recently but I thought my skirt would still fit. Luckily, it’s adjustable, so I tighten it as far as it can go. It’s still kinda loose, but it’ll do. If only I had a belt... and they worked with skirts.

I put the top half on now. In contrast to my skirt, it’s a little tight, especially over my chest... but I can deal with it. Zoë probably won’t mind if I take it off, anyway.

I give my legs a squeeze, feeling the tea I drank hit me. I ignore it and sit back down, before taking my glasses off and cleaning them carefully.

Putting my glasses back on, I take my water bottle from my desk, and head out of my bedroom.

On the landing I turn for the stairs, but before I walk down them I feel a stronger twinge between my legs.

“Aah, right. I haven’t been to the bathroom since 4PM...”

I turn around and walk towards the toilet, only to catch a glance of the clock. It’s twenty to 7.

“No time! I’m gonna be late! I guess I’ll have to hold it for now.”, I think to myself.

I unlock my flat’s front door and step through it, looking longingly at the toilet before shutting it. I hop from one foot to another as I lock up, and head off to Zoë’s.

By the time I’ve reached the bottom of my building, I’m regretting holding it in. The icy wind of the winter is blowing extra hard tonight, and the shock of each blast of cold air makes me bladder twinge harder and harder.

“Oooh, I have to go so bad! At least I can always relieve myself at Zoë’s...”

End of Part 1:

I’ve got to stop writing now because a friend of mine is coming over, but I’ll try and write the next part tonight. Or maybe tomorrow, depending on how drunk I get tonight

Also, to anyone reading this, Happy New Year!

