University Accidents (Emma, Isabella, Maddy, Charlotte and Olivia)

Author: MiraOMO

*019*2020-03-10 14:33

Back for part two!!

Hope everyone is enjoying the series so far.

CHAPTER 6 - The Flat Party (PART 2)

Hannah and Ellie had followed Isabella, they were slightly worried with the amount she’d drank. The girls followed her from the kitchen, down the corridor and into Isabella’s room.

“Isabella, are you okay?” Hannah quietly shouted as they entered.

“She’s probably passed out.” Ellie remarked.

Isabella was asleep, passed out out on the toilet. Her head was resting against the toilet seat and her legs were sprawled across the floor. Ellie and Hannah observed the situation, and they could even see Isabella’s lips sticking to seat.

“Wipe her mouth” Hannah said.

“Ew” Ellie replied, she quickly got some toilet paper and wiped Isabella’s mouth, cleaning it of any sick.

“We’ve got to get her into bed.” Hannah stated, before continuing. “We can’t leave her in here”

“Fine” Ellie said sarcastically, rolling her eyes.

Hannah gently lifted Isabella’s head and arms, before lifting her body up. Isabella’s arms flopped down as Ellie gently held her back.

“She’s soooo heavy.” Ellie laughed.

The girls dragged Isabella from her ensuite, through her bedroom and on to her bed.

“Lift her feet up.” Hannah said whilst laying her body down across the bed.

Ellie just about managed to get her feet on the bed, and that’s when she saw what was happening.

“Oh no” Ellie whispered under her breath.

“What…?” Hannah looked over at Ellie sternly, but then realised what was happening too. She could feel it as she placed the top of Isabella legs sideways on the bed. The top of her legs were wet and getting warmer.

“Oh god. It’s fucking on me!” Hannah flinched away, as her hand had been in contact with the warm pee.

“May be we should have left her in the bathroom…” Ellie quickly replied, cracking a smile at her own joke.

The girls could then hear muffled hissing, and they watched as Isabella helplessly wet herself, and wet her bed whilst passed out. As the pee left Isabella; gravity took its course as it ran down one side of her legs towards the bed. Her black spray on jeans were in turn getting stuck to her legs. Isabella groaned in her sleep, placing her hand by her bum before letting it fall back on to her bed. The hissing went on a for while.

“Shit, I feel bad for her.” Ellie said whilst heading for the door.

“Yeah…and after what happened today.” Hannah replied.

The girls took one last look back before leaving. They could see a small build up of pee around Isabella’s legs, and one section of her jeans was soaked. It was getting everywhere, she’d soaked herself. Isabella was in for a big shock in the morning.

—-

Charlotte and James were still stood in behind the door, verbally locking horns.

“What can I say, tall girls are attractive.” James edged closer to Charlotte, slightly leaning down over her.

“Now you want to intimidate me?” Charlotte said, now enjoying herself.

“You just won’t let me win.” James sighed as he looked away.

“Nope. Never. Sorry.” Charlotte replied.

James then turned away and put his hand towards the door.

He looked back, “Tall girls in black dresses who piss their pants though…they're something else.” James didn’t know if he’d crossed the line but a smile hung on his face.

“OI! FUCK OFF!” Charlotte’s face went red and she reached for the door handle, meeting James’ hand in the process. She was pressing down hard on his hand.

“Seeing you squirm…” James said whilst laughing to himself.

“You’re not funny.” James was cut off by Charlotte.

Charlotte didn’t want to go behinds Maddy’s back but she knew she needed to relieve some this tension. Charlotte was now so close to James, she could smell the alcohol on his breath.

James who wasn’t fazed by how close they were continued, “It was funny though, crying as you pissed yourself.”

“You’re a dick.” Their eyes met for a single moment. “You sound like you want to see it happen again.”

James then pretended to put his fingers into his mouth and be sick.

“Not dealing with you anymore.” Charlotte snapped as she slightly opened the door, letting herself out.

“Your loss.” James smirked .

“God you’re annoying.” Charlotte whispered under her breath.

“I heard that.” James shouted back as he headed for the door of the flat.

Charlotte hadn’t realised the time and it was getting late, people were already starting to leave the party. She turned back around and headed back into her room, quickly getting undressed, throwing her clothes on the floor, before diving into her bed.

—-

Emma was now at breaking point as she watched as the final guests leave slowly from the party, finally making their way outside of the flat. She must have been holding her pee for at least a few hours, if not more.

Emma remembered what Olivia had said and rushed to the kitchen. It was super late and Emma really just wanted to go to bed but didn’t want to lose the competition. Holding her pee for this long had even made her abdomen hurt.

Olivia had seen Emma racing to the kitchen and wasn’t far behind. She too had a full bladder and knew if she lost her focus, she would wet herself. Although, observing Emma’s state had made her feel better, as she saw that Emma was wincing.

Emma sat on the sofa, waiting for Olivia to join her. Her hand was firmly jammed into her crotch. She quickly undid the button on her denim shorts, trying to ease the pain but it didn’t really help. She’d never been this desperate and she was so horny, the holding made it worse. Emma slid back into the sofa and without realising, was slowly moving her hand up and down against her denim shorts.

‘Ohh’ she moaned as she dribbled a little into her white panties. Emma felt warmth around her crotch. All she wanted to do was cum.

‘Ohhh’ she moaned again, this time a little louder accidentally letting out a longer spurt. The relief had been sensational but she quickly realised she’d left a little wet spot on her denim shorts - they’d gone a darker blue.

Emma’s relief was broken as a desperate Olivia entered the kitchen, jumping on to the sofa and sitting directly next to Emma. Olivia instantly looked across and could see the worried look on Emma face, also observing how hard she was jamming her hand into her crotch.

That drew her attention to the tiny darker spot on Emma’s shorts; despite Emma doing to her best to cover it with her hand. Seeing the wet spot had only turned Olivia on even more.

“You’ve already wet yourself!!” Olivia blurted out.

“It was only a little dribble.” Emma replied quickly whilst slowly letting some more out. She knew she was on the verge of a full blown accident.

“Wow, look at your bladder.” Olivia said. She then moved her hand across and placed it just above Emma’s shorts. Gently pressing inwards in the hope Emma would start leaking more.

“Nooo, don’t do that.” Emma couldn’t stop it and she was continuing to dribble in her panties. The warmth spreading across her shorts making her pussy throb.

“Please…!” Emma moaned. Olivia knew Emma was slowly wetting her pants.

Olivia then confidently moved her hand down and entered Emma’s shorts, still keeping the pressure on. Emma looked down and was scared but had no energy to stop Olivia.

“What are you doing?” Emma said whilst wincing, desperately trying to hold her pee. Olivia’s hand had now breached Emma’s white panties. Olivia could feel the dampness.

“You’re soaked.” Olivia remarked quietly, knowing Emma’s panties weren’t the only thing that were wet. Emma then moaned sharply as Olivia gently rubbed the top of her clit.

The sensations were sending Emma’s mind into overdrive and she didn’t want Olivia to stop. With every rub from Olivia, she couldn’t stop letting out more pee, she was wetting herself. Whilst biting her lip, Olivia rubbed harder. She could see Emma’s body was slowly starting to shake.

Emma’s dribbles had now become streams and long spurts, she had well and truly given in. She was sat in a warm puddle of pee on the sofa with her bum and the backs of her legs constantly getting warmer with the release of more pee.

Olivia was rubbing as hard as she could whilst Emma was spraying pee all over her hand. Emma knew that she was about to cum. She was digging her nails into the material of the sofa, clinging on for dear life.

“Ohhh Olivia…don’t stop!!” Emma cried out whilst cumming. All the tension that she’d built up throughout the night had finally been released, it was ecstasy.

Watching Emma cum had made Olivia incredibly horny. Olivia couldn’t help herself and leant across, aiming for Emma’s red lipstick, then crashing her lips into Emma’s. In an instant, the two of them were mouth to mouth - kissing hard as Emma was still cumming. Olivia gently moved her now soaked hand from Emma’s pussy and slid herself on top of Emma.

Their lips were locked, and fighting - Emma pushing back just as hard as Olivia was pushing. They gently banged noses, and Olivia pulled away.

“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean too…” Olivia froze and broke off.

“Olivia…I” Emma had no response to what had just happened either. She was still trying to process it in her mind when Olivia leant forward and crashed her lips back into Emma’s. Olivia was grinding her body on Emma’s. Throughout the whole of Emma’s orgasm, Olivia’s desperation had reached breaking point. Her thong was now soaked with pee, as she’d leaked. Olivia couldn’t stop her slow dribbles and as she rubbed her body slowly on Emma’s, she starting wetting herself.

She could feel the warm spread around her crotch, and as she was fighting with Emma’s lips and tongue, moaned to herself. The pee ran down her legs, and on to Emma’s legs. It was escaping in all directions - the relief was what Olivia needed.

The girls stopped kissing as Emma pulled herself back, she thought she might be wetting herself again as she could feel warm pee on her upper legs but realised it wasn’t her as she saw Olivia was gently biting her bottom lip. Emma put both her arms round Olivia and slid her dress up a little, over exposing her bum, crotch and thong.

Emma looked down and could Olivia’s pee racing out of her thong in all directions with another big stream falling straight downwards on to her own legs. Olivia then found Emma’s hand and placed hers into it before tilting her head back and clenching hard. Olivia moaned slightly and there was an audible hiss. Emma couldn’t take her eyes off Olivia’s crotch, seeing the pee fire out in all directions was making her horny again.

“I can’t stop.” Olivia mumbled.

“Don’t stop.” Emma whispered back into Olivia’s ear.

Emma didn’t want her to stop, the pee was now flowing down her legs and then into the sofa. The girls crashed their lips together for one final time before they both quickly pulled away as they heard a voice in the hallway.

Olivia jumped off Emma, “Shit! We need to clean up.” She said franticly.

Emma got up and looked down at her denim shorts, it was obvious she’d wet herself and she could even feel the warm droplets slowly falling down her legs from Olivia’s accident.

“I’ll get some paper towels.” Emma replied.

The girls spent the next five minutes racing around, trying to dry the sofa, and dry up any pee that had made it on to the floor. Olivia had grabbed the bleach out a cupboard and done her best to make everything look presentable again.

“The sofa will dry, we can leave it.” Olivia said, looking over at Emma.

“If you say so.” Emma replied with a smile.

As the girls left the kitchen, Olivia grabbed Emma’s hand directing her into her room, quickly closing the door behind her.

“Stay with me?” Olivia said nervously before continuing, “Tonight…well…its been like the best night of my life.”

Emma’s mind was racing and couldn’t lie, she too had enjoyed the night. “Okay…”

—-

Isabella had never felt so bad in her life when waking up. Her throat was dry, she had banging headache and her muscles felt numb. She looked over at her phone to see a handful of messages but she could check them later, she wanted a shower first. She gently moved her moved her body to the side, trying to slide off the bed.

‘Wait. What?’ Her mind was trying to process something. Her hand shot down to her crotch, as her crotch area felt heavy and warm.

‘No no no. SHIT.’ Isabell shot up, this had woken her up, her mind was racing. She completely froze as she examined the duvet, realising there was a stain. She then carefully lifted her bum off the bed and felt the area, it was still a tiny bit damp. Not only that, the backs of her legs were a little damp, with a stain on, a pee stain.

‘Oh my god’ Isabella jumped off the bed, pulling her duvet off, she’d wet the bed, and badly. She felt the back of her white laced top and it was also damp, everything felt damp to her. She quickly slipped her top and spray on jeans off, and stood naked in her room. She was in shock.

‘I’ve pissed the bed’ she thought to herself.

‘I’ve pissed the fucking bed’ she said it out loud. Isabella didn’t know what to do. She could now see how soaked her panties were from the accident. This must’ve been the worst twenty-four hours of her life. She’d gone from having an accident outside the toilet door in university to wetting her own bed.

She needed to sort this problem, and quick.

—-

Emma bolted upright as she woke up, quickly realising where she was. It wasn’t like she’d never shared a bed with a girl before but not in this capacity. She was lying and could feel the warmth from Olivia’s body. She quickly slid the duvet off and got up, looking down and her soaked denim shorts - ‘fuck’. She looked over to see Olivia still fast asleep as she quickly headed for the door, naked, holding her wet denim shorts, black laced top and soaked white panties.

“Don’t go.” Olivia whispered across the room.

Emma turned back quickly, “Babe…I need to shower.”

“Just ten more minutes” Olivia pushed her luck.

A smile rose on Emma’s lips. “Okay.”

Emma slid herself back into Olivia’s bed, moving herself over to where Olivia had kept it warm. The girls gently wrapping their arms around one another. Emma drifted back to sleep thinking about her night, what a night it was.

*022*2020-03-22 15:49

Sorry for the long delay.

Here’s the next instalment. This this is the penultimate chapter.

CHAPTER 7 - Isabella’s Secret

A few weeks after the party, normality had resumed in the flat and the girls had gone back to their routines. All the girls had been disappointed with their exam results, except Emma who had done exceptionally well. Despite this, the accident chart had been ripped off the wall before the party and never made its way back up. Its days were numbered though and Olivia had no intention of putting it back up after everything that’d happened. It was starting to distance some of the girls from each other, and that was never the plan - it was meant to be a joke and some fun.

Two girls who had got closer through it were Emma and Olivia, and it was becoming more of a regular occurrence that Emma would slip out of her room and join Olivia in bed for the night. They hadn’t kissed much or done anything pee related since that night at the party but both wanted too and knew it was coming.

Emma checked her phone, and the time was 12:30am. She carefully slid out of her bed, trying to make as little noise as possible, and stumbled to her feet. She took off her grey joggers and baggy hoodie, and found a cute white laced bra and panties. After changing, she grabbed her phone and made her way down the corridor to Olivia’s room.

Olivia left the door slightly ajar so Emma could enter without making any sound, and Emma did so. Olivia could hear as Emma slid her feet across the room before eventually reaching the side of the bed, lifting the duvet up and sliding herself in.

“Hey.” Emma whispered.

“Thought you weren’t going to come.” Olivia quickly replied, gently placing her arm round Emma’s.

“You know I was coming…I just get worried that the other girls will catch me.” Emma said with a saddened look on her face.

“Don’t think about them, they don’t matter.” Olivia then gently pushed her body against Emma’s.

Emma let out a sigh and pushed back, hard.

“Your body on mine feels so good.” Olivia said whilst simultaneously moaning. Olivia knew that these moments with Emma were Emma’s first proper experiences with a girl and so wanted to make them as special as possible - but also had in the back of her mind that she wanted to recreate the first night they’d had.

The girls continued to push their bodies against each other and whilst this was happening Olivia ran her hands down Emma’s back, digging her nails in. Emma’s gentle moaning was getting Olivia wet and so she pushed her lips hard into Emma’s, the both of them fighting for air. The kissing was wet and sloppy, but neither wanted to stop. Olivia continued to lead. She eased herself on top of Emma and gently started kissing Emma’s neck whilst gently rubbing on Emma’s clit with her fingers.

Emma’s head was full, her mind was racing. She didn’t want it to stop, but what she hadn’t told Olivia is that she was desperate to pee, very desperate. All the kissing and grinding had made her super desperate.

“I need…to pee” Emma mumbled out quietly whilst moaning.

Olivia didn’t hear what Emma had said, and continued to drive her lips into Emma’s neck.

“Olivia…OLIVIA!” Emma’s voice got gradually louder.

Olivia stopped quickly. “Shit! You okay?”

Their eyes met.

“Yeah…I…its amazing. I just need to pee right now.” Emma said without taking a breathe, looking up Olivia.

“You need to pee?” Olivia replied with a question. Olivia then knew exactly what she wanted to see. “How about we play a game?”

Emma’s eyes softened for a moment as she felt warmth on her crotch. She had leaked.

“Olivia…I really need to go.” Emma panted out her words.

“How bad?” Olivia fired back, looking down over Emma. She pushed her hand into Emma’s abdomen before moving it down and gently feeling Emma’s white panties.

“You’re already wet!!” Olivia jumped off the bed and grabbed Emma’s hand, dragging her across the room into the ensuite - the girls ending up in the shower.

“Aw…are you about to have an accident?” Olivia asked, but she already knew Emma was about to wet herself. She wanted to make her suffer. She pushed her lips back into Emma’s and cupped her hand round Emma’s crotch. Emma’s kissing became wetter and sloppier as she tried to push her legs together, stopping the pee. She could feel the warmth on her crotch, and how it was quickly spreading to her bum and thighs.

“Are you having and accident?” Olivia could feel her hand getting warmer, the pee was rushing through Emma’s white panties. Emma’s legs then widened a little and she had fully given in. There was a loud hissing and pee filled in Emma’s panties before running down her legs in all directions. Olivia then pressed on Emma’s clit causing her to orgasm hard, she had to cover her mouth as she wanted to scream out.

Once again, watching Emma cum, had sent Olivia over the edge. She tilted her head back and placed Emma’s hand on her crotch - Emma’s hand instantly got warm. Olivia moaned quietly as she stood peeing through her cotton panties. She never got old of this feeling, the warmth spreading round her crotch and down her legs. It make her cum in a second.

The girls then proceeded to kiss in the shower, gently using their hands to caress the others body. They found a rhythm and neither wanted to stop, but their lips were broken apart as they heard one of the other girls walking down the hallway into the kitchen, presumably for a midnight snack.

Olivia and Emma quickly slid out of their panties and wiped themselves down, their eyes locked on each other throughout. Emma then joined Olivia back in bed, both girls were extremely satisfied with how the night had ended.

—-

Oblivious to what had happened last night in the room next door to her, Isabella woke up in a panic. Her mum and one of her sisters were coming to visit, but she’d massively overslept, and was meant to meet them in town in thirty minutes. She quickly got out of bed, and rushed out of her room to the kitchen to grab some breakfast. It was still quite early, and Isabella sat peacefully in her underwear eating a fried egg, on a piece of brown toast.

Once back in her room, she quickly did her make-up, still angry with herself that she’d slept through her alarm, and then threw on some black leggings and a yellow hoodie which also happened to be the nearest item that she could reach. She made sure she put her phone and purse in her bag and headed for the door.

‘Fuck, should’ve used the toilet’ She thought to her herself, as she walked through the flat car park heading towards the bus stop. She’d been so rushed to get ready that she hadn’t used the toilet and could feel her bladder already starting to hurt a little. She quickly checked her phone, and realised she was definitely going to be late.

Isabella sat on the bus bouncing her legs as she headed towards town. Three stops to go…two stops to go…one stop to go. The bus then pulled up to her stop and she quickly got off, racing in the direction of some shops where her mum had instructed they should meet.

Isabella spotted her younger sister first, seventeen year old Josie, who was stood casually outside the shoe shop tapping away on her phone, whilst holding a large drink in her other hand. Despite being two years younger than Isabella, Josie was already the same height. Her wavy brown hair was down by her shoulders and she was wearing a cute black top with black flares on, showing the length of her legs.

“Hey’ Isabella called out and looked over. “JOSIE!?”

Josie turned her head and finally saw Isabella.

“Hey” Josie said, quickly shuffling her feet over to Isabella and giving her a hug.

Isabella then followed by giving her mum a hug and a peck on the cheek.

“Whats the plan for today then?” Isabella asked, directing the question to her mum.

“Up to you sweetie.” Her mum replied quickly.

“Well I think we wanted to go shopping for a bit” Isabella gestured across to Josie before continuing. “And then we can watch a movie…may be?”

“Sound good to me.” Josie replied.

“Okay. Well I’ll either be at the café downstairs or doing some shopping too.” Isabella’s mum said whilst ushering them off towards the shops.

The girls quickly sped off, heading towards a shop they wanted to go in; then going to the basement to find the woman’s section of the shop. Isabella had briefly scanned the signs when entering in case there was a toilet but she couldn’t see any directions for one. ‘I’ll just go at the cinema.’ she thought to herself.

The girls were checking out some jeans when Josie started talking.

“So…any new boys then?”

Isabella recognised Josie’s intrusive tone. “Nope. Sorry”

“Such a liar.” Josie fired back. “Didn’t you have a flat party a few weeks ago?”

Any memories of the party flashed back through Isabella’s mind, she was desperately trying to avoid the memory of her waking up in a soaked bed.

“Oh god. Yeah we did.” Isabella said. “Was wild…”

“What happened? Tell me all?” Josie was excited.

“I drank waaaayyy too much…” Isabella chuckled to herself without finishing her sentence.

“And..?” Josie replied.

“Want to know a secret.” Isabella quickly said, looking at Josie.

“Yes.” Josie’s eyes widened.

“I passed out.” Isabella paused. “And pissed my bed.” At least Josie didn’t know about her halloween incident or university wetting.

“Ew. What the fuck!” Josie was initially shocked but then started laughing to herself. “You wet the bed!?”

“Haha, shit happens.” Isabella replied whilst blushing to herself.

“Wow. You’re disgusting.” Josie pushed her lips together. “Can’t believe you pissed yourself at nineteen.”

The conversation quickly changed; Isabella and Josie then spent another hour looking round the shop before being summoned by their mum to come back upstairs. The film they wanted to see was starting shortly and they needed to get there. Isabella knew there would be a toilet at the cinema but by the time they’d made the walk, bought her sister another drink and queued for tickets, they had to rush straight in - as they sat down the film was literally starting.

Isabella started getting very desperate towards the end of the film. To add to this, she had to watch her sister drink her ice tea next to her. Isabella had been holding her pee since this morning and it was now early afternoon. As soon as the film finished she darted off to the toilets saying she’d meet them both back in the reception. She finally got to the toilets but to Isabella’s horror, they were out of order. ‘Fuck.’ She thought to herself.

Isabella wasn’t sure if she’d make it home without having an accident but she knew getting back was her only option right now. The car journey was agony, and she’d definitely leaked a little. Luckily though, her black leggings would hide it for now.

Josie leaned over, realising what was going on.

“I’m so desperate. I haven’t peed at all today.” Isabella whispered as she dug her hand into her crotch.

“Don’t go pissing your pants again.” Josie snarled back with a rise smile on her face.

Isabella was starting to really panic as her mum pulled up into the car park. They walked to the entrance of the flat and Isabella couldn’t hold it, she could feel little streaks off pee running down her legs, the material of her leggings then sticking to her legs. She knew she had a matter of moments to get to the toilet.

Isabella reigned some composure, and quickly guided her mum and sister up the stairs, and along the corridor. As she was doing this, she discreetly felt the back of her leggings and could feel the wetness. She let out another spurt, the warm pee pooling in her panties before running down her legs. Isabella knew she was about to have a full blown accident in front of her mum and sister.

Isabella opened the door to her room and that’s when she saw it. The back of Josie’s flares came into Isabella’s view and they glistened a little, around her bum. Isabella thought for a second, there was no denying Josie had drank a lot today, Isabella already knew that; she had seen her with at least two ice tea’s. But after a whole day of teasing about wetting the bed, was Josie about to have her own accident.

Isabella then observed Josie’s flares glisten again, this time a lot more. In a flash, Josie’s hand move down to her crotch. She must’ve been desperate for so long.

“OH FUCK. MOVE.” Josie yelled at her mum who was blocking the entrance to the ensuite but it was really no use. Isabella could see Josie biting her life and then could make out the front of Josie’s flares, seeing streaks of pee running down her legs. Josie was wetting herself. Isabella couldn’t believe it.

As Josie entered the ensuite there was an audible hissing, and pee was flowing down her flares and legs at an uncontrollable rate. The warmth spreading everywhere.

“NO NO…OH GOD…MUM” Josie cried out as she stood their pissing herself, the pee splattering as it hit the floor of Isabella’s ensuite. Josie finally yanked down her flares and sat on the toilet, letting out the remaining pee but the damage was already done.

“FUCK. I…” Josie couldn’t speak. She was soaked.

“Aw Josie. Why didn’t you say something?” The mum said whilst trying to figure out a solution to the mess she’d made. She had no idea about Isabella’s situation.

This whole accident hadn’t helped Isabella’s desperation one bit. She had no idea what to, but in the heat of the moment, she dived into her bed. As soon the duvet was covering her, she fired pee into her already wet black leggings, soaking herself, and her sheets. She couldn’t stop peeing but managed to stop for a second to pull her leggings off, before continuing. She could feel the warmth round her bum, thighs and legs, it took her right back to the accident she’d had in university.

Once she’d finished, she leant off the side of the bed and picked up a pair of grey joggers laying on the floor. She quickly used the duvet to dry herself and then slid the fresh pair of joggers on before getting out of bed and wondering over to the ensuite.

“Sorry I was just changing, but I’m kinda of desperate too.” Isabella smirked at Josie, who had tears in her eyes and was drying her legs with toilet paper. Her soaked flares just laying on the floor. Both Josie and the mum left the ensuite briefly to let Isabella use the toilet but neither knew what Isabella had really done - and Isabella wanted to keep it that way.

*024*2020-03-24 18:30

So here’s the final chapter for now.

I want to carry on with the series and bring some new characters in… whilst having the old characters return occasionally, what does everyone think??

CHAPTER 8 - Maddy’s Return

The first year of university had finished. The girls had made it through and would be expecting exam results some time in the summer. The accommodation building was starting to empty out, with the majority of students going home but Emma, Charlotte and Isabella remained. Olivia had already said her goodbye’s to everyone a few days before, she was jetting off to Italy with her family.

Emma had sort of missed Olivia for the past couple of days but they’d never really discussed their relationship together so was starting to assume Olivia was just in it for the fun. Emma knew that she too was in it for the fun but also had started to like Olivia; after all it had been her that had somewhat got her into the whole wetting business.

This was the girls final evening before all heading home tomorrow, all three sat round the kitchen counter, with drinks in their hands. They’d been invited to Ellie’s cheerleading social at her flat. She currently lived in a flat with eight other students and so had the most space for a party. Isabella was super excited for it but definitely didn’t want a repeat of the last time she‘d partied with Ellie.

The girls had started drinking and were now waiting for Maddy to turn up. Charlotte had invited her back, and at first she didn’t seem that keen but suddenly changed her mind when Charlotte mentioned that Olivia was already away on holiday.

“I’m so excited to see her.” Charlotte said. “It's literally been months.”

“I know. We’ve needed this catch up.” Isabella quickly replied, half interested.

“Yeah. We can get the gossip on what’s she’s been doing.” Charlotte said, looking back at Isabella.

There was a pause between the girls before Isabella asked her question. Isabella had also invited a friend who she was waiting for to turn up.

“Do you think she’ll come in an outfit?” Isabella asked.

It wasn’t specifically a fancy dress party, but both Olivia and Isabella had matching cheerleading costumes on. Red and white striped bra, with a red and white striped miniskirt. You can imagine how much leg, and bum they were showing off. Saying this, Charlotte defiantly pulled the outfit off better as she had a slimmer physique. The girls also had matching white trainers on and a black bow in their hair to keep it up. Emma hadn’t fully got the memo about the costumes but looked just as good in a pink bra top with white shorts.

“I don’t think so…but I actually can’t wait for this party.” Charlotte remarked, taking a sip of her drink.

“Its going to be a crazy one. That’s for sure” Emma said, her mind also flashing back to the last time she partied with Ellie. She’d truly found her love for wetting that night.

“Definitely” Isabella said whilst changing the song on her phone.

Charlotte got up from her stool and brought over the vodka and coke, and without asking topped up the girls drinks. Isabella’s phone then ‘pinged’ over the portable speaker.

“Lainey’s here!” Isabella remarked excitedly.

Isabella quickly shot up from her stool and raced out of the kitchen. Emma and Charlotte could hear her as she crashed open the door and started shouting excitedly. It was only a matter of moments before she came crashing back into the flat and through the kitchen door.

Emma’s jaw dropped when she saw Lainey come through the door. Lainey had dressed like an eighties fitness instructor, with a red leotard on, and grey sparkly tights - not to mention her huge hooped earrings. Lainey was only about an inch taller than Emma and both girls had a very similar physique. Things only started to get better for Emma when Isabella introduced her to the group.

“She’s just broken up with her girlfriend so…she’s out to have some fun tonight.” Isabella said, and those were the only words that Emma had really taken in.

The girls all quickly introduced each other and started to drink again. About five minutes into the drinking, Charlotte got a text.

“Maddy will meet us their!!” She shouted over the music.

That was the sign for the girls to sort themselves out and head to the party.

—-

As soon as the girls reached the party, they knew it was going to be a wild one. They could already hear the music blasting out and could see lights flashing as they approached Ellie’s flat. Both Charlotte and Isabella were already very drunk and stumbled through the court yard before entering the flat.

Isabella was greeted as soon as she walked through the door.

“You made it!” Hannah shouted at Isabella, then immediately scanned Isabella’s and Charlotte’s outfits. “Oh my god…I love your outfits. Look so good!!”

Hannah was wearing something very similar to Isabella and Charlotte. She had the university cheer kit on, which was a purple and white bra top, with white shorts that had purple stripe across. Isabella had also observed the Hannah’s outfit, she didn’t want to admit it but she thought her own and Charlotte’s looked better.

“Yours looks amazing too.” Isabella said unconvincingly.

“Well don’t just stand there, come inside and get a drink.” Hannah ushered the girls through the hallway and lead them to the kitchen. The kitchen had been turned into a makeshift disco area. Loud music was playing, drinks were scattered around everywhere and lights were flashing from all the corners.

“ISABELLA!!” Ellie shouted, from the other side of the room.

Isabella and Hannah made their way over towards Ellie, whilst Charlotte had dragged Emma and Lainey to get more drinks.

“So glad you could make it.” Ellie said whilst giving Isabella a hug.

“Same. You lot know how to party.” Isabella replied.

“Lets hope you don’t have another accident." Ellie said jokingly, prodding Isabella in the process.

Isabella blushed. “Shhh…someone might hear.”

“Can’t deny it was a funny though.” Hannah said whilst laughing.

“Not when she was pissing on us.” Ellie laughed back.

“Stop it!” Isabella said through gritted teeth.

“We’re only messing with you. Shit happens.” Ellie broke off for a second. “Some cheerleader will definitely piss herself tonight. Look at us, we’re already fucked.”

Isabella knew that Ellie had only said that to make her feel better, but it left her with some comfort.

“Come on then, let’s party.” Hannah shouted, whilst grabbing Isabella’s hand and dragging her into the circle to dance.

—-

It was already well past midnight and into the early hours of the morning but the party was still in full flow. Emma wasn’t a natural party girl and needed regular air to cool herself down from all the dancing. She made her way outside down the back fire escape and felt her arm being yanked. Emma froze for a second.

“Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you!” A blonde girl who was sat to the side suddenly stood up.

“FUCK! I thought I was being attacked.” Emma gasped for air.

“Sorry.” She said whilst pressing her lips together. “I’m Daisy.”

“I’m Emma.” Emma observed Daisy quickly, she was wearing the same outfit that Ellie and Hannah had been wearing, with a full face of make up and red lipstick - not to mention her bleached blonde hair. Emma assumed she was part of the cheer team. She also noticed that Daisy looked very drunk, she was holding onto the railing, helping herself to stay upright.

“Do you know where the toilets are?…There was a massive queue inside and…” Daisy’s hand shot down to her crotch. “I’m literally about to pee myself.”

Emma was taken aback by the question. It also somewhat explained why Daisy was struggling to stand up, and now she pushing her knees together.

“Erm…I don’t know.” Emma looked around hopelessly. “It was so busy inside.”

“Oh god!” Daisy said, franticly trying to hold her pee in. She was now swaying slowly from side to side, doing all she could to stop her pee coming out.

Emma knew that Daisy was seriously desperate, and quickly scanned around again. “Wait…let’s go down. There’s no one around at the moment.”

Daisy nodded and tip toed down the fire escape while Emma followed. It was only ten or so steps before they reached the ground.

“Oh god… nooo…I can’t get caught.” Daisy said, she was leaning back against the brick of the building. The girls could hear the chatter from around the corner, presumably people stood outside smoking.

“Its fine.” Emma wasn’t sure why she’d said that, but she was trying her best to comfort Daisy - after-all she too had been in this position before.

“No…you don’t understand.” Daisy paused for a moment. “Wetting yourself on the cheer team isn’t an option.”

Emma raised her eyebrows at Daisy.

“OH SHIT.” Daisy cried out. Daisy then proceeded to lift her skirt to check the damage. Emma could make out a small round wet spot on her panties.

“If the cheer captain finds out…” Daisy broke off and her eyes widened. She had leaked again, but this time a lot more, the warmth of the pee reached her bum, and the back of her thighs. Her legs were tightly crossed but Emma could still make out the droplets of pee streaking down her bare legs.

“HELP. I’m pissing my pants.” Daisy’s voice sounded so desperate. Emma knew though that deep down there was nothing she could really do.

“FUCK…” Daisy pushed her hands harder into her crotch but it did nothing. The warmth was spreading around her crotch once again and now down her legs. She was now fully pissing her pants. Emma watched as the dribbles turned into streams, running down the front and back of her legs. Daisy’s legs crept opened for a second and large stream shot straight down towards the ground.

Daisy looked sternly at Emma. “You can’t tell anyone about this! NO ONE!”

“I promise I won’t.” Emma quickly replied. Emma was curious as to what would happen if the cheer captain found out.

“Shit. I need to dry my legs.” Daisy said under her breath.

Using her initiative, Emma quickly ran towards the bins and found a small piece of cloth before coming back.

“This’ll have to do.” Emma said nervously whilst giving the cloth to Daisy.

Daisy then slid off her soaked panties and threw them behind a bush.

“I hope no one finds those.” Daisy said whilst blushing.

“So…what does the cheer captain do?” Emma asked politely.

Daisy looked up. “What? If they find you’ve had an accident?”

“Yeah?” Emma said.

“They put you in Nappies. NAPPIES!” Daisy broke off. “Nine girls had accidents this year and had to face that punishment.”

Emma was shocked. “Oh wow.”

“Yeah…and it’s through the day.” Daisy continued. “If you have another accident in them…you have to keep them on.”

“That’s humiliating.” Emma was still shocked.

“Yeah…so…we better get back inside.” Daisy said whilst starting to climb back up the fire escape. The girls then made their way back inside to the party.

—-

As Daisy had found out, there were only two toilets available in the flat, but due to the number of students who had turned up to the party, and the amount people were drinking, there were large queues. She had been the unlucky one that hadn’t made it. After Daisy’s accident, Emma had returned inside and started dancing with Lainey, and Isabella.

“Where’s Charlotte?” Emma shouted over to Isabella.

“She went to the toilet.” Isabella shouted back.

Emma didn’t know what to think after the ordeal she’d just seen but she did worry a little if Charlotte would even make it.

“Okay.” Emma replied. “How long’s she been gone for?”

“I don’t know…like ten minutes may be?” Isabella was far too drunk to be counting the exact minutes that Charlotte had been gone for.

“Right.” Emma said.

“Why you so concerned anyways? Isabella fired back. “She’ll be fine.”

“Doesn’t matter.” Emma broke off.

Emma had every right to be concerned. Charlotte had been stood waiting for the toilet for over fifteens minutes, but the line hadn’t moved. Apparently, the two toilets had been separated, one for girls, one for boys - which made no sense to Charlotte. She was starting to get very desperate, she hadn’t felt pressure in her bladder like this since the time she wet her black dress in front of Maddy and James.

Charlotte looked around and could see that many of the other girls were struggling too. At lot of them doing a little pee dance and tightly crossing their legs. One of the girls then shouted from the front of the queue.

‘You won’t believe this!! Gabi has pissed her pants!’

There was an initial streak of laughter but that quickly died down when all the girls in the queue realised it could be them next. Charlotte then panicked as she felt warmth on her crotch, and the top of her legs, she knew she was about to have an accident in front of everyone.

James had spotted Charlotte from a distance, her long legs were easily recognisable in the outfit. He raced over.

“Quick!!” James grabbed her arm. He then pulled her down the corridor, round a few corners before entering a room.

Charlotte had realised who it was. “JAMES!!”

James’ pulling hadn’t helped her and she’d definitely dribbled, she could feel that the pee had breached her panties and was now dribbling down her legs.

“James!!…I’m peeing myself.” Charlotte cried out as she felt the warmth of the pee reach her bum. She then realised James had dragged her into a bathroom - she threw herself on to the toilet, lifting up her skirt in the process.

James watched Charlotte as she realised pee through her panties and into the toilet.

“Feels so good.” Charlotte sighed.

“You might want to wipe you legs.” James remarked.

“I know…I can see.” Charlotte replied aggressively.

“At least you weren’t the first…and you won’t be the last…honestly.” James said.

“What do you mean?” Charlotte replied, with a tear now forming in her eye.

“These cheerleaders…” James went on.

“Huh?” Charlotte said confused.

“That girl…Gabi.” James said.

“I don’t follow.” Charlotte said, still looking confused.

“They do it on purpose.” James stated. “If you…you know…pee yourself, they make you wear a nappy.”

“What the fuck. That’s crazy.” Charlotte had her mouth open in shock.

“Yeah…and they make you hold it for hours.” James said.

Charlotte just shook her head. She then pulled some toilet paper off the role and started wiping her legs.

“How do I look?” Charlotte asked whilst standing up. “Can you notice?”

“You look sexy!” James replied with a smile on his face.

Just as the two of them got up and headed to leave the flat, Maddy stood in the doorway. James had no idea that Maddy would be coming to the party.

“Its not what you think.” James paused. “I was just helping her…errr…clean up.”

“Yeah sure.” Maddy said sarcastically.

“Honestly.” James replied.

“Care to explain?” Maddy said whilst glaring at Charlotte.

“Its true…” Charlotte stopped as she locked eyes with Maddy.

“Well…my best friend and my…ex-boyfriend are coming out of an empty room together at a party. So will one of you tell me what’s going on?” Maddy raised her voice.

“I pissed myself…” Charlotte blurted out. “…Again.”

Maddy rolled her eyes. “You’re disgusting.”

“James saved me…” Charlotte said whilst looking across at James.

“You know what…you two look good together.” Maddy stopped to look at Charlotte. “You invite me back and want to treat me like this. I’m off.” Maddy turned and walked away.

James couldn’t lie to himself, Maddy had looked extremely hot in her high waisted blue jeans but right now, he had Charlotte to deal with. He waited for Maddy to be out of sight, and gently leant across and pushed his lips hard into Charlotte’s. The two of them stood their kissing. With one foot, Charlotte pushed the door closed before breaking her lips from James.

“Who’s room is this?” She asked.

“Its mine.” James replied.

Charlotte smiled.

—-

It was early morning and the party was finally starting to die down. Emma was stood at the door waiting for Lainey to return; who was looking for Isabella. Many of the cheerleaders and students had crashed out and were starting to head home. Isabella had been dragged away by Ellie and Hannah some time ago and hadn’t returned. Lainey came back into view and shuffled back over to Emma.

“I can’t find Isabella anywhere.” Lainey said.

“I can walk you back, I’m going home anyway.” Emma replied back. The truth was, she wanted to walk Lainey back. Emma still couldn’t get over how attractive Lainey was, if only she had the confidence to tell her.

“Can I use the toilet quickly?” Lainey asked.

“I heard it was blocked…?” Emma wasn’t sure if that was true, but she had seen that there was a massive queue.

Lainey winced, “Hmm…okay. I’ll try and hold it.”

Lainey then continued, “How longs the walk?”

“Fifteen minutes.” Emma paused. “Will you be okay?” Not that Emma would ever admit it but after seeing Daisy wet her cheerleading costume earlier in the evening, the perverted side of her wanted Lainey to soak her red leotard and grey sparkly tights.

“I think so.” Lainey said back with a brave face. She wasn’t even sure how much she’d drank but all she knew its that she was absolutely desperate to pee.

The two girls left, and walked through the car park, heading home.

“What a crazy party.” Emma said, to make conversation.

“Yeah…I know…Isabella parties hard haha.” Lainey replied.

“Tell me about it.” Emma sighed.

The girls chatted and laughed as they walked home. The sky was already brightening up a little, showing how early it was. Emma even felt a trickle of sweat on her forehead, the air was thick and it was still hot outside. Emma had observed that Lainey seemed to be doing well for the first ten minutes of the walk but it all changed only a few minutes away from the apartment.

“We’re nearly there.” Emma remarked.

Lainey had never been this desperate before in her life, nor had she ever peed herself before.

“I’m so desperate.” Lainey stopped in her tracks. “Give me a second.”

Emma watched as Lainey pushed her legs hard together. Emma could literally see the gate out the corner of her eye, which was the entrance to the apartment blocks

“I’m fine…” Lainey said lying to herself.

Lainey had only just met Emma earlier this evening and really didn’t want to cause a scene, or have an accident for that matter. Her eyes then shot wide open as some pee dribbled out. Lainey acknowledged this by taking a longer step and wiggling her legs but she continued to walk.

Lainey was relieved when they finally got through the gate. She was too embarrassed to say anything to Emma but she had definitely dribbled a bit more. She sort of knew at this point, the little wet spot on her red leotard had grown, she could feel some wetness on her tights.

Emma opened the door and let Lainey in. Emma didn’t want to say anything either but she too could the darker patches on Lainey’s leotard - it was making her extremely horny. Emma checked out Lainey’s bum whilst they walked up the stairs and saw the slight damp patches on Lainey’s sparkly grey leggings glisten ever so slightly. Lainey was wetting herself.

Lainey felt a single streak run down from her bum and down her legs to her knees. Emma pretended like she hadn’t seen.

“How are you doing?” Emma asked. “My room is that one…it’s unlocked.” Pointing towards her door.

“I’m okay…thanks.” It was all Lainey could get out as she felt another streak run down her leg. The pee was starting to pool in her red leotard and she realised she was really wetting her pants like a little girl.

Lainey made two steps towards Emma’s door before another longer spurt shot out. Emma watched as it flew down Lainey’s leg, darkening her tights. This was quickly followed by another one, this time a lot larger, Lainey’s grey tights were now getting soaked and Emma watched as Lainey slowly wet her pants.

“Oh fuck. I’m peeing myself.” Lainey said, but she didn’t turn to face Emma, she was too embarrassed.

It was impossible for Lainey to hide it, the pee had made its way everywhere. Lainey didn’t move a muscle but she could feel the warm pee running down her legs, pooling by her shoes. The original spot on her red leotard had grown, and was now the size of a cereal bowl, mooning all the way round to her bum. She had well and truly pissed her pants.

Emma stood and watched it all happen but knew she needed to say something.

“Its fine, don’t worry.” Emma said whilst walking slowly towards Lainey. “Lets get you cleaned up…”

“I wet myself at nineteen.” Lainey said, tears falling from her eyes.

“We’ve all been there.” Emma replied, trying to make Lainey feel better. Emma put her arm round Lainey and escorted her into her room.

“I’m so embarrassed.” Lainey sobbed. “Please don’t tell anyone.”

“I won’t, don’t worry.” That was the second time tonight Emma had muttered those words. Emma knew that Lainey didn’t know the half of it, but for Emma, watching that accident had been the highlight of her night.
