The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 5

*105*2023-06-22 23:28

The petrol station: Ellen

Ellen did exactly as Daniel ordered squeezing his slippery warm penis as hard as she could. Although she couldn’t see it due to being pushed back into her seat constantly by the tight seatbelt she imagined how long and swollen it must be and how warm and lovely it would feel to have it inside her as she squeezed it using another part of her body with muscles made for the task. Allowing her hand to explore where her tongue longed to she closed her eyes as she felt Daniel gyrate and squirm constantly. His moans were unbelievably sexy and his every fidget, groan, and bounce just made her hornier than ever.

Hearing Daniel taking deep breaths in utter determination to keep holding against all the odds Ellen opened her eyes again, refocussed quickly then looked in every direction for somewhere to pull over. It wouldn’t just be Daniel’s body that would explode if they didn’t pull over soon that was for certain.

Seeing a glimpse of yellow in the distance and an information sign approaching Ellen felt excitement bubbling inside her. This had to be..it just had to be…it was! The familiar yellow trademark shell almost made her squeal with elation as she squeezed Daniel’s penis while squirming on her seat.

“Daniel! Daniel! Look! Finally! Can you see it? Thank goodness. At last. Pull into that petrol station honey. And don’t even think about lying to me that you’ll make it home honey. You’ve done incredible to hold this long. I’m so proud of you honey. So unbelievably proud of you!”

It took all the self control Ellen possessed to not grab the steering wheel and direct the car off the road herself but just then Daniel flicked his indicator down ready to pull off. Pulling off immediately into a large Shell petrol station Daniel pulled into the first available pump before stopping the car and turning off the engine. Immediately unclipping her belt Ellen leaned towards Daniel as he slumped over the steering wheel with both hands slammed hard over hers which was still pinching, rubbing and squeezing ferociously at his penis. Breathlessly, tearfully Daniel whined like a little boy.

“I’m…I’m not going to make it!”

“Yes! Yes you are Daniel. You’ve made it this far.”

Pulling her other arm around to comfort Daniel Ellen felt her wrist hit something. Her eyes naturally looked to see what it was as her face brightened and lit up with an idea. Snapping the lid off one handedly Ellen hurriedly grabbed at the empty cardboard mug from McDonald’s where they had first stopped on the way to Dundee. Using her free hand she slid the cup under the steering wheel as close as she could to her other hand.

“Here! Daniel! Here! Quick!”

Daniel pulled his head up in the dark forecourt, his eyes shining from the reflection of the fuel station lights.

Ellen watched as Daniel gently but urgently moved her hand off his penis as he used his own hand to aim it carefully into the empty mug. Ellen felt she should look away but transfixed by everything she actually found herself staring in wonder and awe seeing just a snippet of the body part she’d been gripping and fondling for so long. It took a second to hear anything but then in the silence of the car the noise of wee filling the cup was both unmistakable and incredibly erotic. Glancing down at the second cup Ellen wondered about offering that to Daniel too but hearing the flow already slowing she began to wonder. Surely after not going all day Daniel couldn’t possibly only pee enough to fill a coffee cup? Seeing the almost clear liquid reflecting off the petrol station lights as Daniel carefully placed the full cup back into the cup holder between the seats again Ellen was about to question if that was all he had to do when Daniel answered the question for her.

“I thought that would help but my God it’s bloody torture only doing a tiny bit. I gotta get to a gents like NOW!”

Ellen watched as he squirmed and bounced on the seat just like before all the time struggling to tuck his penis back into his trousers, zip up his fly and fasten his trousers again. Clearly thinking it might be easier doing it standing up he pushed his door open and stood up only to then bend over holding himself pushing his knees and thighs tight together.

Ellen stepped out the car smiling. She couldn’t deny that seeing Daniel bursting still was such a huge thrill and a major turn on. Closing the car door she walked towards the forecourt shop assuming Daniel was trailing behind her. The door opened automatically as Ellen looked around the mini market type shop frantically searching for a loo. Stepping towards the back wall she turned to nod to Daniel. There wasn’t a gents or a ladies or even a baby change but there was one universal disabled toilet all on its own. Walking towards it briskly Ellen reached out to pull the door open for Daniel but it wouldn’t budge. Seeing that the red engaged sign on the door handle was displaying she bit her lip nervously. Now standing in front of a locked toilet her own bladder had decided it wanted release pretty urgently as she tapped her leg impatiently.

Daniel’s face said it all as he now looked between Ellen and the locked door repeatedly. Leaning his head against the locked door he sighed loudly with one hand slid in his pocket and the other under his head.

“We’ll be ok Daniel. It’ll be free any moment.”

Whispering while looking Ellen right in the eye Daniel replied.

“It’s bad. Really bad.”

Keeping the hushed tones Ellen slid her own hand down towards her own crotch suddenly remembering that she had no pants on.

“I know. I’m desperate too!”

Daniel looked at her, his pained stressed look telling her everything. Then his head lurched forwards as he struggled to not fall over. The door he was leaning on was being opened! Not even being polite and letting them out Daniel barged in almost knocking the person over. Ellen stepped forwards out the way to allow the person past her before suddenly realising the toilet door was shutting and she was now inside with Daniel who was already standing in front of the loo peeing strongly!

If she opened the door to leave she now risked exposing Daniel but staying might make Daniel feel she was imposing on him. Her heart racing Ellen’s ears rang to the sound of urine flowing fast and furiously as she found herself rocking and dancing against the door trying not to wee on the bathroom floor. The urge to release was urgent, overwhelming, overbearing now as she pulled her dress up either side to her hips and ran towards the toilet where Daniel was still standing peeing with dribbles of wee dripping onto the floor.

“It’s coming! I can’t stop it!”

Startled from hearing and now seeing Ellen behind him when he assumed he was alone Daniel turned around still holding his peeing penis as urine spilled over the toilet seat as a result. Wide eyed and eyebrows raised everything happened so quickly he couldn’t keep up. Still peeing over the toilet seat Ellen raced towards him with pee dribbling from her naked vagina as she opened her broad shaved legs and sat down over the loo as Daniel now finished emptying his bladder all over her naked thighs and down her leg. As his bladder finished off Ellen’s started immediately so fast it sounded like a large dam busting. Shaking the final drips consciously onto the top of Ellen’s exposed inner thigh Daniel tucking his penis away and zipped up staring in amazement at Ellen on the toilet.

Ellen looked up as their eyes met, a strange mixture emitting from Daniel’s face of sheer relief yet urgent desire. If anyone understood how it was possible to experience that unique combination together at once it was her.

*106*2023-06-23 23:57

The petrol station: Daniel

Daniel hadn’t seen the sign until Ellen enthusiastically pointed it out. His concentration was focused entirely on preventing his piss from escaping and keeping the car safe on the duel carriageway. Indicating to pull off he struggled to slow and stop the car with having to now use his left leg to press the clutch. At least Ellen was still pinching and squeezing but it just wasn’t enough. Shaking and sweating he realised he’d actually been holding his breath ever since pulling off the road with the exertion of trying to not wet himself. 

Immediately after pulling the hand brake on he tensed up every part of his body he could slamming both hands into his crotch as he felt pee flowing down his penis. The humiliation and shame of making it all this far only to wet himself this close to a bathroom brought tears to his eyes as he moaned in pain. He hated not being in control any longer as he broke down ashamedly confessing to Ellen that despite everything he wouldn’t make it inside after all.

Expecting her to be comforting he was shocked at her reply as she insisted he wouldn’t have an accident. How could she say that though? Had she no idea that pee was tingling strongly now right at the very top of his swollen exhausted penis? Even with Ellen’s hand under his he could feel the dampness in his underwear as another small dribble escaped. With his head down to avoid Ellen seeing him Daniel felt something being pressed into the back of his hand. Looking up just long enough to see what it was he grabbed the paper cup in one hand whilst carefully pulling Ellen’s hand away from his anatomy. Pressing his shaking tense penis into the cup he set his mind solely on controlling the output acutely aware that if he went too fast he risked soaking his suit and the entire drivers side of his car.

Despite being on the very verge of peeing Daniel knew how careful he had to pee in his release at first only allowing the urine that was inside his penis out in small spurts then tightening his urethra so as to only let a thin flow escape. It hurt but it was the only way to only release enough to not overfill the small paper cup. All too quickly his foaming warm output was dangerously close to spilling as Daniel clamped the tip of his penis closed with his thumb and finger as he carefully placed the cup into the cup holder. Feeling the second cup he momentarily toyed with letting more go into that one too but the agony of controlling his release that much was hard to bare. What he really needed was the freedom to burst as much and as fast as his body was able to in a urinal or toilet without anyone watching.

Having now had a taste of release Daniel’s body screamed even louder that before for more as he found he had to bounce and squirm like mad again to keep the dam closed. Struggling to get out the car and make himself decent Daniel limped behind Ellen into the forecourt shop unable to even stand up straight. Assuming Ellen would quickly find the gents on his behalf he acknowledged desperately when she nodded in the direction of a door. Squirming his way towards it Daniel couldn’t believe it when he looked up to see Ellen waiting outside the door clearly looking uncomfortable. No! There couldn’t be someone in the toilet right now? There absolutely couldn’t be!

Resting his head on the door in exasperation Daniel pressed his hand quickly into his suit trouser pocket as his quivering dick dribbled again. Again Ellen insisted it would all be fine, though Daniel did love how controlling she sounded, even demanding. Wanting to please her like she was his master he did everything he could to wait despite letting it be known just how bad the urgency was. In the privacy of his own home under different circumstances he might actually have found this highly erotic but in public wearing his expensive beige suit it lost a small amount of appeal. With the pressure once again intensifying Daniel contemplated smashing the door but just as he was wondering how to do so he found himself falling forwards as the solid door he was leaning on suddenly opened. Correcting his balance quickly all he could think about now was the toilet facing him.

With no time to spare to stop and close the door he unzipped and fished out his penis in half a second as urine burst out it immediately. Grabbing it tighter and aiming it Daniel took deep breaths of relief as his body started to finally relax. Oblivious to anything else around him Daniel physically jumped on hearing Ellen’s voice behind him as he instinctively turned to look spilling urine over the toilet seat. What he saw make his eyes widen and his heart throb. Approaching him urgently was the most beautiful larger lady with a dress hitched up to her hips naked completely underneath with liquid dribbling from between her legs and her face screwed up in desperation.

Hearing her repeating, “it’s coming. I can’t stop it!” made him instantly harden despite pissing still as Ellen pushed in front of him to plonk herself unceremoniously onto the toilet even as he was clearly still going. He couldn’t stop again now he was in full force as he watched his own urine hitting Ellen’s thigh, knees and leg seeing it glistening as it ran towards the floor. The only consolation was that he at least wasn’t making any of her clothes wet but actually in that very moment he didn’t care. Never in his life had he peed on anyone else but now doing it to someone he lusted after it seemed one of the most erotic sensual things ever. Combined with the noise of the torrent of pee Ellen was now releasing and the delight on Ellen’s face Daniel felt blood rushing to his penis fast. Shaking the final dribbles onto Ellen’s thigh it was obvious to them both just how turned on he was once again.

Ellen caught this eye as he raised his head as her raucous giggle became instantly contagious as they both laughed hysterically like naughty children. Still giggling Daniel pulled some toilet roll to dab Ellen’s body dry as Ellen sat there eye sparkling as he dabbed from her ankle up her thick calf to her knee and up her wide thigh until his hand reached her trimmed vagina. With his hand between Ellen’s legs Daniel dropped the toilet roll into the toilet before turning his hand and allowing his fingers to lightly touch Ellen’s privates. It must have ticked as Ellen reacted by shivering and shaking but she definitely didn’t object.

Daniel stepped back then taking Ellen’s hands and pulling her off the toilet. Pulling just a little too much he smiled as her ample body swung into his arms as he threw his arms around Ellen’s neck kissing her neck from under her ears right to her mouth. Ellen whimpered in a way Daniel knew she was loving it just as much as he was. Now kissing her deeply and passionately he only paused to take each side of her dress and pull it over her head before returning to her luscious moist lips that drew him like magnets. Exploring her neck now he sucked and kissed as Ellen undid his trousers and tugged them down easily.

Wanting to treasure every part of Ellen Daniel took a step back again letting his eyes lust easily on the lady he’d fancied for months. Her large lacy bra epitomised sexy in every possible way as Daniel gawped openly like a dog on heat. Ellen’s eyes sparkled in longing as Daniel slowly slid the straps down to reveal the most splendid tits he’d ever seen in his life. Sucking the left nipple until it hardened and grew under his tongue he moved onto the next, twisting it gently with his teeth. All the while Ellen moaned in pleasure as Daniel undid the bra and took it off as he felt Ellen fondle his crotch through his wet boxer briefs. Stepping forward out of his trousers he angled Ellen away from the toilet behind her and against the wall. Ellen’s hand still rubbed and explored his very hard dick through his wet underwear before finally pulling them down too.

Testing to see if Ellen’s body was ready Daniel slid a hand between her legs once again exploring her now soaking wet vaginal and feeling her hard clitoris. Sliding two fingers easily inside her he gasped as her body squeezed them gently and erotically. Leaning down to her face Daniel whispered,

“Are you wanting this as much as I do?”

Ellen gasped, smiling radiantly. Her whispered cheeky reply was all Daniel needed to hear and more besides.

“Daniel I want this even more urgently than you wanted to wee a few minutes ago. We both know how badly that was now don’t we?”

“I’ve never needed anything more urgent in my entire life before.”

*107*2023-06-24 23:57

Laughing with Daniel

Even though Daniel had now tucked his penis back inside his trousers Ellen had already seen just how turned on he was. Feeling warm urine still running down her legs she felt very aroused herself so when Daniel pulled off some toilet roll and bent down to dry her legs it was almost too much to cope with. The hairs on her legs tickled and tingled against Daniel’s soft touch so when he moved even further up her thighs Ellen felt giddy with excitement. Watching him bend down she longed to kiss him but she was way too fascinated by what he was doing to interrupt him. When he casually dropped the used paper between her legs she shivered as his fingers brushed against her vaginal hairs.

A queer mixture of adrenaline and arousal suddenly made her very giggly as Daniel raised his head and their eyes met. The more she laughed the more Daniel seemed to join in, a noise that made Ellen delighted and delirious at the same time. Curious what Daniel might do next she watched as he put both hands out inviting her to take her hands in his. Following his lead she did so as he then pulled so quickly and speedily that Ellen’s large body bashed right into Daniel’s as he saved her like he was catching a large beachball with both hands around her neck. Ellen barely had a minute to look up before she felt moisture and sucking against her neck and ears as blood rushed all around her body in eager anticipation.

Kissing Daniel was heavenly as Ellen allowed her tongue to explore everywhere in Daniel’s mouth as he responded by exploring in equal enthusiasm all her body. Longing for more intimacy Ellen moaned in need as Daniel lifted her dress off easily. Every bit as keen to see more of Daniel Ellen reciprocated by undoing his trousers sliding them down just as quickly. Transfixed by the wetness of his underwear Ellen reached out to fondle it but her fingers never managed to reach as she felt the distance between her and Daniel suddenly increasing. Panicking she raised her head to look at Daniel who was standing eyeing her up like she was some sort of sexy goddess!

It felt incredible to have someone look at her that way as she stood there stark naked other than a lacy white bra. Thinking she was already extremely turned on and ready Ellen soon discovered that there was a few more levels to experience yet as Daniel slowly slid down her bra straps before removing it altogether. Now totally naked Ellen fondled at last Daniel’s wet underwear as she stroked and explored his hard on through the wetness all while Daniel sucked her breasts until her nipples almost exploded with need. Her heart beating fast, her body longing and her vagina absolutely swimming in mucus Ellen moaned as Daniel guided her body away from the toilet pan to the side wall of the public loo. Keen to go further and deeper Ellen now pulled Daniel’s underwear down too as his hard penis rubbed against her stomach.

Needy and horny Ellen was thrilled to feel Daniel finally touch her throbbing vagina again as it squelched against his fingers and welcomed them enthusiastically. Making it very obvious her body longed for more Ellen was a little surprised but thrilled when Daniel whispered comfortingly into her ear asking if she wanted to go further. Wanted to go further? Ellen had never wanted anything so badly as she thought quickly of the perfect analogy to make sure Daniel understood. His suggestive eyes and heavy breathing confirmed he’d definitely got the message as he resumed kissing even more hungrily than before.

Now supporting Ellen to lie down on the toilet floor Daniel leaned down over her wide legs like a dog on all fours as he parted her knees to make way for his body to meet hers. Half kneeling half lying Daniel angled his body closer towards Ellen’s as his long hard penis aptly pushed towards its destination like a professionally thrown dart. Ellen gasped feeling Daniel’s thick penis rub against her clit before pushing easily inside her as her muscles grabbed it and squeezed it tightly. Her muscles throbbing and her mucus squelching her body pulled its desired object closer and closer as Daniel in turn pushed and throbbed until he couldn’t push any more.

It took only a few movements for Daniel to climax as he thoughtfully remained inside Ellen until she too shook in orgasmic relief. Pulling slowly out Daniel rolled until he was lying on the floor right beside his beautiful lover as he turned to look at Ellen’s face.

“God I needed that so much. You drive me crazy Ellen. You really do.”

“Did you really need it as much as you needed to pee though?”

“Oh God yes! And I had to piss seriously bad!”

Ellen laughed as Daniel leaned on one arm to look at her just as the bathroom door opened and someone stepped in only to quickly close the door again without saying a word.

Daniel sat up then stood up helping Ellen get up too as they began searching for their clothing and began redressing just as someone hammered on the door in frustration.

“Please could you hurry up in there. I’m bursting out here!”

Laughing as they tried dressing themselves Ellen turned to face Daniel with her dress stuck over her large breasts.

“I think I need help sir.”

“Of course Madam. I suppose we should hurry up since someone clearly wants in.”

With Daniel right beside her pulling her dress down Ellen looked up at him and smiled.

“I bet they’re not nearly as desperate as we were eh.”

Daniel kissed her on the cheek and winked.

“Not possible. But I guess we should let them in anyway.”

“I guess so.”

Slipping her shoes on Ellen walked towards the door right behind Daniel who was reaching to open the unlocked door. Not even looking at whoever had wanted in Ellen climbed into the car seconds after Daniel as she started laughing loudly. Daniel looked at her smiling and giggling too.

*108*2023-06-25 23:54

Laughing with Ellen

Daniel didn’t need told twice as he lowered Ellen gently onto the large bathroom floor using his arm to protect her head. Once down his hormones raged as he manoeuvred on top of her on all fours gazing directly at her large beautiful breasts longing to suck them both again so much. Adjusting his position in order to give his penis the best access he gently opened Ellen’s legs as her swollen soaking wet vagina filled his vision. How he’d love to have all the time in the world to explore every detail with his tongue but right now he had to get inside her before he exploded everywhere.

Letting his hard solid penis guide him he gasped as the sensitive tip rubbed against Ellen’s swollen clitoris before ticking her slight hairy lips and finally finding the entrance inside. The feeling of Ellen’s body grabbing his and squeezing was heavenly as Daniel felt high with desire and need. Sinking as far into Ellen’s body as his legs and hips allowed he balanced on his knees and hands as Ellen rocked and squeezed faster and faster letting her set the pace as she desired. Her timing was in perfect harmony with his body as every squeeze and pressure sent waves of extreme pleasure surging through his entire body. It didn’t matter right this minute that they were lying on a dirty floor in a public toilet in a petrol station on the A9, all that mattered was that their bodies were united together and they were making love.

Daniel almost felt embarrassed when after just a few squeezes and slides he felt semen shoot the length of his manhood and explode out the tip inside Ellen. Moaning in deep pleasure he could sense from her actions and sounds that Ellen wasn’t far behind him as he happily let her keep squeezing and riding his body until she shook and gasped in climax. As Ellen calmed Daniel slid out then rolled back lying on the floor turned sideways to gaze at Ellen. Smiling at her he had to say something, anything.

“God I needed that so much. You drive me crazy Ellen. You really do.”

Ellen’s face was still flush, her hair damp with sweat and her eyes sparkling as she cheekily asked Daniel if he had genuinely wanted sex with her more than he’d just had to pee. Giggling and smiling Daniel gave the most honest reply he could.

“Oh God yes! And I had to piss seriously bad!”

Leaning up on one arm to get a final peek at the naked big beautiful woman he’d just fucked Daniel felt like he’d just won the lottery. He never wanted to forget the image as he already knew he’d replay the last half hour of his life on repeat in his mind whenever he was horny. Lost in his own sexy thoughts he jumped hearing a door open as he heard footprints come in then scurry quickly back out. As he stood up then helped Ellen up he handed Ellen her bra and dress as he slipped back into his still damp underwear and beige suit with his now crumpled white shirt.

For some crazy reason hearing a stranger now knocking on the door saying they were bursting to pee gave him the fit of giggles. Just as he was finishing buttoning up his shirt he noticed Ellen laughing too as she asked for help to pull her dress on. Daniel grinned at Ellen as he shifted the brown dress over her stunning breasts as he realised they were both now struggling not to laugh out loud at the absurd situation they were in.

Waiting as Ellen slipped her shoes on Daniel had to bite his fist to prevent himself laughing loudly as Ellen casually quipped about wether the person at the door was as desperate as they had been. Catching a shimmer of pee shining on the floor from moments earlier when Ellen had dribbled on her way to the loo where he’d been pissing he was pretty positive that few people were ever that desperate. Giving Ellen a peck on the cheek as she now reached him at the door they joked quietly that they should still let whoever it was in anyway.

Daniel knew that at any other time none of this would seem so hysterical but caught in the moment with his hormones still settling and caught up with Ellen’s contagious giggles he covered his mouth with his hand stifling his laughter until he returned to the car. Once inside he let his breath go as he laughed easily looking right at Ellen. He was just calming and about to start the car when Ellen looked down and started laughing loudly again.

“Oh Daniel! My shoes aren’t even on the right feet! Look!”

“What are you like Ellen Hemmingdale? I can’t take you anywhere. First you forget your purse and end up peeing yourself in a shopping centre, then you get your dress stuck at your boobs, not once but twice today, and now you can’t even put your shoes on the right feet!”

Ellen could hardly control her sniggers as she looked Daniel up and down still laughing.

“Well at least I didn’t get a piece of loo roll stuck in my hair!”

Daniel ran his fingers through his normally pristine hair pulling out a small piece of toilet roll from the side. Opening the car door to drop it out Ellen handed him the coffee cup full of his pee.

“You should probably pour this out too while you’re there.”

Daniel poured the cup out hoping no one saw him as he heard a car door shutting and looked up to see a young blond girl strapping her belt up at the pump beside him. Turning to return the cup to the holder Ellen touched his hand with hers.

“You think that was who saw us?”

“Quite possibly. She’ll not forget stopping here to pee now will she?”

“Well neither will I to tell you the truth.”

“What? You mean you don’t make a habit of barging in on a man pissing then decide to make it up to him by fucking him?”

“Not really but that does sound like fun. Maybe I ought to try it sometime. What do you reckon?”

“Only if said man is me.”

“Oh definitely. But I think you should be made to hold on for hours first. Gotta make you really need to go before I barge in.”

“You ought to see me at the end of every day then! You might not believe it right now but I hate using public loos or even the ones at work. I’m very pee shy around others and just hold on until I get home from work. You’ve nearly caused me to burst numerous times Miss Hemmingdale you know. You and your love of tea at meetings and on that ship. Always making me feel like I’d be rude to not have a coffee too. That’s why I always rush away at the end of the day. Not because I don’t like you, not at all. I am just always bursting to pee by that point and dying to get home. “

Daniel couldn’t look at Ellen as he decided to start the car so he could make the excuse he had to watch the road. Pulling out the petrol station back onto the duel carriageway Ellen paused before saying softly and sympathetically,

“Is that what the problem was at the meeting last week then and why you rushed out?”

Daniel nodded, embarrassed to even think about that night again.

The car went quiet again until Ellen spoke again.

“I’m sorry I said on the phone the other night that you should have waited until the meeting was over. I had no idea. Would it make you feel any better if I said seeing you desperate like that was a huge turn on and I wanted to fuck you that night so badly.”

“Not as much as I wanted to fuck you on Thursday night when you said you’d been wanting to pee ever since I’d phoned you and then I heard you peeing so loud while I was still on the phone. I practically blew my load just hearing that. Have I told you you drive me crazy with lustful thoughts?

“You have yes. Daniel….do you think I could maybe see you after work one day? Maybe for a coffee?”

“After work? Really? Is this so you see me dying to piss then? Mmm?”

“Maybe. At least the rain’s off now. That wasn’t helping my bladder one bit earlier.”

“Nor mine. Gosh we’re almost at Stirling now. Amazing how much quicker the journey is with an empty bladder eh.”

“Definitely!”

*109*2023-06-26 22:51

Next chapter will be out soon. Apologies for delay x

*110*2023-06-27 23:42

Ellen gets home

Laughing in the stationary car with Daniel was cathartic after all the stress of the day for Ellen She was really loving Daniel’s company, the way they joked together and how different Daniel was around her. No longer the shy, reserved, stoic man, now the fun loving, humorous, sexy man who’d just made love to her on a toilet floor.

They couldn’t stay at the petrol station forever though and it was getting late. Thankfully Daniel started driving the car promptly as he continued the journey back towards Glasgow. Ellen loved hearing Daniel open up more especially so as he confessed to holding his bladder all day at work. That intrigued and aroused Ellen in equal measure as she immediately took the bull by the horns asking Daniel if they could meet after work one day. Of course she wanted to see more of him with a full bladder; what woman wouldn’t? Daniel never really committed or gave a straight answer as Ellen began thinking about perhaps just having a meeting at the end of the working day so she could see Daniel squirm knowing he’d held onto his wee the full working day.

Allowing her thoughts to wander now as Daniel drove Ellen started noticing that they were suddenly back on the motorway again. The M80 was busy with late rush hour traffic but Daniel was making steady progress as they passed by Bonnybridge then saw signs for Cumbernauld. Happy to travel quietly after a long eventful day Ellen looked out of the window glad to not be driving in the dark and driving rain. Hoping she had something she could make for her tea in the freezer she was looking forward to an early night as they got closer to Glasgow by the minute. The next few weeks would be crazy busy trying to convince then organise for over 130 people to move off a cruise ship into a tower block almost 100 miles away. Ellen sighed just thinking about it.

“You ok Ellen?”

“Yeah. Sorry. Just thinking about work stuff. Not looking forward to notifying Oleksandr and his wife that the house I promised to find him is actually a tower block in Dundee. It’s not really what I suspect he’s hoping for.”

“I think we need to be creative in how we communicate it. Is there a big screen or anything in that dining hall bit?”

“There’s a theatre there I guess we could use.”

“With a big screen? I have a meeting tomorrow morning I can’t change and I need to update my boss on how today went early afternoon but after that we could maybe meet to make a PowerPoint presentation if you want? You took photos…we could use those and emphasis all the positives like the garden, close to the city, the views. You know, the usual stuff. We can do this Ellen. Listen if we can convince families that a new build flat in Easterhouse was amazing and a top floor tenement in Yorkhill was a perfect place to settle and call home we can persuade the rest of the group that this tower block is luxury accommodation.”

“I suppose so.”

“So did you walk to the port this morning when I picked you up or did you bring your car?”

“Car. I parked just a bit along from where you were.”

“Right. I just didn’t want you walking home in this rain on your own.”

“I’ll be fine. It’s felt a lot quicker coming home than going the way.”

“That’s probably because we didn’t stop for tea and coffee coming back.”

“True. Though we did stop for something else.”:

“And a very pleasant stop that was too. I assume you aren’t far from the port then?”

“Not far by car. Just the other side of the QEUH. You?”

“Hillington. Just across the motorway.”

“Oh nice. It’s lovely there.”

Daniel said nothing more so Ellen let things rest at that too as they now headed on the M8 just minutes from the King George V dock and the Adventurer II cruse ship. Pulling into the dockyard car park close to Ellen’s car Daniel turned the engine off and turned to face Ellen.

“Thank you so much for coming today. I….I hope you felt it was worth it?”

Ellen looked awkwardly at Daniel. Today had been incredible, informative, fun even, but now they had to still work together after all that had happened. Was Daniel looking to continue seeing her now they were home or was what happened all just a bit of fun? She knew which one she wanted but she couldn’t read Daniel’s mind and she wasn’t sure she even wanted to.

“It was a great day. A lot to take in though. Oh and I got a new dress and cardigan didn’t I?”

Daniel just smiled though Ellen was sure he was blushing under his dark skin. Then he leaned towards her awkwardly kissing her on the cheek.

“See you tomorrow then? I’ll call you when I know what time my meeting finishes?”

“Yip. Hear from you then. Thanks for the ride home.”

Bending down to put her wet leggings and her top into the carrier bag from the charity shop Ellen picked up her umbrella, coat and bag as she opened the car door to head to her own car and drive home.

“Bye Daniel.”

“Night Ellen. Drive safe ok.”

Ellen turned to wave but Daniel had restarted his car already and seemed to be wanting to reverse out of where he’d parked. Hurrying to her own car in the rain she searched in her bag for her keys before getting in her car and taking a large breathe out. It was great to be back in Glasgow at last. Now to get home for some dinner and a nice warm bath.

*113*2023-06-28 22:20

Not going to reveal any of the future plot but appreciate every comment and reader. Thank you!

*114*2023-06-28 23:32

Daniel gets home

The M80 was much busier than the A9 and Daniel was glad to be able to concentrate as the rain blurred his view constantly despite the wipers going non stop. Seeing signs to Glasgow at last he looked forward to getting home and in the warm soon. As they approached Cumbernauld Ellen sighed and Daniel worried what might be wrong.

Thankfully she was just worried about breaking the news to the crowd on the cruise, though Daniel had already been thinking of that too. Unlike every other housing offer thus far, which were always very personal and private affairs, this one needed handled very differently. They had to inform everyone at the same time otherwise news would spread and panic would rise quickly. Remembering how Ellen had been smart enough to take photos in Tulloch Court Daniel was already planning ahead. If he could somehow manage to get time urgently to meet with Ellen they could put a presentation together for everyone still living on the ship where they could share the news, show photos, answer questions and prepare everyone before the press release in a weeks time. Ellen, as always, knew the ship well and mentioned the idea place to do it as Daniel made tentative plans to meet the following afternoon so they could begin work urgently.

Finally pulling into the dock in the rain and dark Daniel underestimated how awkward it would be to part from Ellen. They’d had a long intense day together but now back in their home town it felt like he’d just imagined it all. He had so little experience with relationships and nothing to guide him as he reached awkwardly to kiss Ellen on the cheek as they said goodbye. As soon as Ellen stepped out the car Daniel felt frustrated. Why hadn’t he even got out the car to open her door? What sort of man lets a woman he’d just made love to get out the car herself in the dark and wet? Angry and disappointed in himself he reversed out the parking spot quickly hoping Ellen didn’t look back.

Pulling up into his own street Daniel drove down the side of his house and ran out to open the garage. Driving the car inside he got back out again checking it over inside and out before locking it up, closing the garage and crossing the back yard to the back of his house. Walking into the kitchen he removed his shoes, switched on the kettle then opened the fridge for one of the preprepared meals his mum had made for him. Pulling the lid back on the Tupperware tub Daniel smiled. One of his all time favourites, Chicken Balti. Transferring it into a microwave dish he opened the cupboard for a bag of microwave rice before heating them both and sitting down at his breakfast bar with a hot cup of coffee and a roasting hot home made meal.

Leaving the dishes to soak in the sink he went upstairs to change into something more comfortable only than realising as he hung his suit up that he had a problem: With his grey suit still not collected from the dry cleaners and his current suit very much needing cleaned, especially so in the crotch area where there was a noticeable urine stain, Daniel started to panic. The thought of work the next day without a suit horrified him as he stepped out of his damp smelly boxers shaking his head. How had he disgraced himself so much by having an accident in his only clean suit? Angry and annoyed he went into the en-suite for a shower to clear his head.

He had to do better. He had to get better control of his bladder. He was a professional man in a demanding job who ought to be more than capable of going all day without a bathroom visit. Thinking back to living at home he recalled being able to hold so much better. Was there something wrong with him that he couldn’t wait as long now? Running his hands through his wet hair before lathering shampoo on it Daniel tried to figure out a plan. Using the office toilet wasn’t an option, neither was using any public toilet. Marking any more clothes was out the question too but there was no way in the world he was going to even entertain wearing any protection like a baby. Rinsing his hair thoroughly he then towel dried his hair and body before changing into a loose pair of boxers.

Returning back downstairs to wash up and tidy up he checked online to see when the dry cleaners opened. Checking his diary on his phone he thought through all his options. He had a meeting before the cleaners even opened but he could possibly run over in the car right afterwards to drop in his beige suit and collect his grey one then. As long as he was back for his next meeting, hopefully even with time to change into his suit beforehand, that might work. Running back upstairs again he dug through his wardrobe for the smartest trousers and shirt and tie he could find vowing to buy a third suit as soon as the opportunity arose.

*115*2023-06-30 23:20

Ellen’s Tuesday

Ellen slept well but woke Tuesday morning nervous about what lay ahead. A mixture of concern about how those on the ship would take the news of the tower block move, doubts about Daniel and the usual stresses of juggling bills and rent until payday. Slipping back easily into her comfortable daily leggings with long top she pulled up her cream mid calf leggings before sliding on her loose cotton dark green and cream diamond pattern top. Brushing her thick brown hair she briefly remembered about possibly seeing Daniel later in the day as she slipped her hairbrush and some lip balm into her handbag.

Having a quick breakfast before heading out she Ellen was relieved to get parked fairly close to the cruise ship as the heavens opened for yet another downpour. While familiar faces left the gantry to go to work or education or take children to school Ellen smiled and waved realising just how many of these amazing people she would miss sorely when they all moved. Passing easily through security she met with her first client in the large dining area; a young man whose family had yet to be traced back in Ukraine making applying for benefits or jobs difficult. Being care experienced herself Ellen understood the difficulties all too well as she supported the young man in contacting the relevant agencies to see what could be done. 

Stepan looked so much younger than 19 though he displayed a maturity of a man many years older. While on hold to social security on her mobile yet again Ellen looked at Stepan wondering how he might cope living alone in a tower block. His case was typical of a hard to place refugee with no current income still months after arriving and nothing much to occupy him all day. Bored, vulnerable and desperate for cash Ellen knew only too well how easily his young life could go in the wrong direction. It wasn’t like this was his first time meeting with her either as Ellen sighed on hearing the recorded waiting phrases on the phone yet again. She had to get this sorted this time without fail or Stepan would be unable to move anywhere let alone to Dundee.

By mid morning Ellen was sipping at her second mug of tea on the cruise ship as a colleague from The Refugee Survival Trust came over to speak to her. Ellen knew Celine well as they chatted away and caught up with things. Feeling guilty at not sharing the news of the tower block with her Ellen struggled giving her eye contact as Celine excited shared news of a national furniture store committing to donating their end of line sofas and beds to the charity for the rest of the month. Worried about potential lack of storage Celine was keen to know if there were any progress on moving out the last of the clients as Ellen appeased her conscience by saying they had some things in the pipeline that she’d update her on as soon as she could.

Getting a plate of soup from the restaurant on board and a bottle of water Ellen sat alone on her lunch break using the time to call Daniel as she needed advice. He answered quickly as she put her suggestion to him. As usual Daniel appeared quiet, thoughtful and professional on the phone in total contrast to the man she’d laughed with and made love to just yesterday coming back from Dundee. Promising to consider her idea before they met later he did at least end the call with a time he expected to be able to meet: 4pm in room G14 on the ship.

Returning her tray to the designated area Ellen was walking towards the ladies loos when Oleksandr came running towards her. Smiling, Ellen knew she was needed again as she concentrated hard to understand what her friend wanted through his broken English. Of course he wanted an update from Thursday’s meeting as Ellen thought hard about how much she could say at that point in time. Steering the conversation eventually back to his young son Ellen felt rather emotional hearing Oleksandr sharing in broken English how his young son had been to see his new nursery that morning and how excited he’d been. Here she was about to tear this young family away from the only town they knew in Scotland just as they were starting to settle!

Finally leaving Oleksandr Ellen began once again heading to the loo when her mobile rang. It was an urgent call from the office asking her to come in right away as they had a mum with her teenage daughter there who had left the ship a few months ago but who had an urgent issue with where they were now living. Without a second thought Ellen turned to head back off the ship and down to her car knowing she’d have to sort things out quickly to get back in time for her meeting at 4pm with Daniel.

At the office Ellen found both mother and daughter in tears. Recognising them instantly Ellen hugged them and sat beside them. The daughter’s English was clearer than her mum’s and very quickly Ellen realised that both of them required to move to a place of safety right away. Calling the police for assistance Ellen felt her anger rising as frustration bubbled inside her. She had placed these people with a private landlord in good faith and now she had to remove them urgently and rearrange for them both to temporarily return to the safety of the cruise ship despite it’s imminent departure in just a few weeks. Speaking to the police for advice and support Ellen was harassed and stressed as she bounced her leg subconsciously regretting not having had a chance to wee yet since she’d started work.

*116*2023-07-02 22:54

Daniel’s Tuesday

Daniel woke sharp on Tuesday morning, showering, eating and dressing quickly. By 8am he was opening his garage and driving his car out before closing and locking the garage and driving to the city. Taking the car to work wasn’t something Daniel enjoyed as he found himself twenty five minutes later still looking for a space in the NCP car park a few street away from the council headquarters right in the city centre. Waiting for the lift impatiently Daniel checked his watch before taking the stairs and walking briskly to the offices, signing in electronically a few minutes after his meeting was due to start.

Knocking his bosses office door Daniel felt nervous as Archie called him in. Having been at a training course all day Friday then in Dundee all day Monday this was the first Daniel had met with his superior since Thursday’s meeting. Remembering how Archie had laughed along to derogatory comments made about Ellen after the meeting combined with anger that his boss hadn’t kept his promise to email Ellen as he said he would Daniel walked in eyeing up his boss suspiciously.

“Good morning Daniel! So how was yesterday’s trip? Keith emailed me yesterday late afternoon and from what I hear it went very well?”

Archie beckoned for Daniel to sit down as he waited for Daniel to reply to his leading comment. As was his usual style Daniel nodded and simply confirmed that the trip did indeed go well but said nothing more. Archie continued to lead the conversation only pausing to buzz his secretary to request two mugs of coffee to be brought in. As the men talked and drank Archie outlined the political implications of not accepting the Dundee offer pressing the urgency to get everything sorted. Daniel remained mostly quiet listening carefully to everything being said and wondering how on earth he alone could ensure everyone agreed to move plus arrange everything required to facilitate it all. After an hour of Archie going on Daniel finally spoke up.

“With all due respect sir this feels like an enormous task for just one person. I was thinking…”

“Ah Daniel I have already been thinking about that. From today onwards I will be putting you solely on this task until that cruise ship leaves. All your other tasks will be temporarily designated to others as this needs your urgent and undivided attention. I don’t really care how you do this or what it takes. If you have to work overtime then you have to work overtime. You understand? You get this completed and I am sure I could put a word in for you promotion wise. Have you got any leave pending? I’m sure I could easily approve any dates you were wanting. There’s a lot riding on this. 

Don’t worry about the press stuff. I’ll handle all that side of things if you just concentrate on everything else. You signed the papers didn’t you? Hold on I’m sure Keith said he’d email them to me first thing. I’ll just check now. Ah yes that looks like he’s sent them. So we need all of those folk on that ship to sign their transfer over to Dundee city council asap. I need coaches booked to get them there. I need all those, what were they again? Yeah those charity folks all off of that ship, like today. We’ve more than done our bit Daniel. It’s time these people were someone else’s responsibility again. I can’t say I’ll miss them. I bet you’ll be delighted when they go too.”

Daniel swallowed wanting to say something in defence of both the refugees and the many charity workers like Ellen who he’d worked tirelessly with all year to support everyone. Knowing if Ellen had been there she’d have made her opinion known very brazenly and loudly, Daniel on the other hand just dropped his head not even wanting to give his boss eye contact.

“I had better get started then I suppose. I have a meeting scheduled this afternoon with a current client, a local man. I know his case well and I’m pretty confident I can resolve things this afternoon. I’m assuming that’s still on?”

Staring out the window now standing up waiting on Daniel leaving Archie didn’t even turn around as he spoke.

“Oh. Emm. Yes just deal with that then but after that it’s just this damn ship. You hear me? I’m relying on you Daniel. Don’t let me down now. You hear me?”

“Yes sir.”

Leaving the room promptly Daniel closed the door behind him before walking to his office, a shared open area with little privacy. Quickly checking his emails and other work things he checked his watch before logging back off and heading back downstairs. If he didn’t get to the dry cleaners before his next meeting he knew he’d never get a chance until tomorrow. Walking into the cold damp street Daniel hurried towards the dry cleaners via his car to pick up his beige suit to hand in. Delighted to finally get his grey suit back Daniel returned to the George Square headquarters and back to his office slipping into an empty room to quickly change. Folding his trousers from home neatly he slid them carefully into a drawer at his desk as he returned to work for a few hours beginning right away by ringing the translators to ask about any availability in the coming week. Replying to emails and reading documents Daniel was shocked to hear his watch beep alerting him to his next meeting.

Heading downstairs to meet his client Daniel shook his hand before guiding him to a booth to begin working with him to find a solution to his problems. Mr Foxtail’s marriage had recently ended leaving him homeless unexpectedly. A professional man working from home this life change had caused him enormous stress and personal pain with the standard council homeless offering of hotel accommodation not able to meet his needs in any way. With few other options available Daniel sympathised greatly but had previously struggled to satisfactorily help the client. 

Now since having contacted his employer Daniel was now able to support his client into moving into a flat temporarily that the company owned as Daniel completed all the necessary paperwork to help Mr Foxtail get financial assistance to pay the rent. It had been a complicated arrangement of setting up the company as landlords first but to see the delight on the clients face at the solution Daniel felt proud to have helped. As Mr Foxtail left to pick up the keys Daniel shook his hand again realising that if this was the work level required for just one client then helping over 130 people still on the Adventurer II move in just three weeks was a heavy weight to bear.

Returning to his desk upstairs Daniel made himself another coffee as he photocopied the signed paperwork from earlier and scanned it into the system. Eating lunch while he worked the time passed all too quickly as the rain battered off the window loudly as Daniel set his watch to alert him to 3:30. He’d not had a moment to text Ellen yet so he fired off a quick email confirming their agreed meet up on the ship at 4pm. He couldn’t wait to see her again. If only he didn’t have so much workload to be dealing with too.

*117*2023-07-05 13:42

Apologies for delay in next chapters. I was admitted to hospital unexpectedly but recovering now and new chapter up tonight

*120*2023-07-05 23:19

Meeting with Daniel part 1

Liaising with the police when they arrived Ellen agreed to go with Ruslana and her daughter in a police vehicle to their accommodation so they could pack as much as they could. With police guarding the property Ellen helped them pack as they filled the boot of Ellen’s car before heading back to the Adventurer II.

Back on the ship Ellen took them both to their room hugging them both tightly before leaving them to register them back in and get them the necessary passes again. Leaning on a table filling in forms Ellen found herself needing to press her thighs together hard as her bladder reminded her she still hadn’t had a wee all day. Deciding to quickly hand in the passes so Ruslana and Nadia could move freely around the ship and access meals and support like before Ellen was just turning to walk quickly to the ladies when her phone rang. Standing by the door to the loos she pulled her phone out her pocket delighted to see for once that social security were actually calling her back regarding Stepan Gura! Keen to get his case finally sorted Ellen looked at the door to the ladies before stepping away to a quieter area to talk on her phone.

By the time Ellen was ending the call Celine was waving to her from nearby to alert her to the fact Daniel was here to meet her. Glancing briefly back in the direction of the toilet Ellen sighed quietly thinking she’d go over and welcome Daniel and head to the room then excuse herself quickly to have a wee. Walking towards Daniel she was struck at how handsome and smart he looked in his grey suit just as she always recalled seeing him throughout the last year. Smiling she shook his hand professionally as she turned to walk towards the pre-booked meting room just along the corridor. Daniel followed closely looking Ellen right in the eye as he stepped into the room while she held the door open and changed the sign on the door to ‘meeting in progress’.

“You look lovely in that top Ellen. It’s good to see you again.”

“It’s good to see you too Daniel. Actually before we start could I…”

“Do you mind if we start sharp? I’ve had an email from Keith this afternoon with the contracts for everyone to sign. He’s wanting to clarify a few names and things. I met with Archie Waters this morning too. He’s taken all my other work off me Ellen so we can get this done. Have you got your iPad with those photos on?”

Ellen smiled at Daniel. His forehead was creased a little even though he seemed happy enough. As sexy as he looked they had no time now for lustful thoughts as she found herself nonetheless drawn by his presence as she closed the door and sat down opposite Daniel as he pulled out his laptop right away and began turning it on. Smiling over the top of the computer Daniel relaxed a little as he spoke again.

“Keith emailed me earlier this afternoon. Can you believe the contractors are working on an entire floor at a time. The 1st floor is almost finished already! Don’t be telling our usual clients that. It’ll only give us even more grief when it takes Glasgow city council six months to replace a smashed window! Right here’s the contract. Are you wanting to come round here and have a read?

Ellen stood up again and walked around the small table to stand beside where Daniel was sitting. Leaning down a little to see the words on the screen clearer Ellen moved from foot to foot as she now regretted not having excused herself to wee. Reading through the housing contract for the tower blocks Ellen worried too much about missing anything vital as she slid one foot behind the other and rubbed it up the back of her leg feeling Daniel’s arm coming around her side to hold her close.

“I had a read through earlier. Seems pretty standard stuff to me. I hadn’t realised there’s no gas though. That was the only thing that seemed different.”

“Towers never have gas. It’s always been the case. Safety I expect. Can you scroll down a bit. Thanks.”

Noticing that Daniel took his free hand off his own lap to scroll down the page Ellen glanced briefly at Daniel’s crotch sensing and seeing that he appeared turned on already. Not wanting such an important meeting to be derailed by their feelings and attractions Ellen continued reading on the computer now moving the leg that was rubbing her other leg in front so she now stood crossed legged. Daniel appeared to wriggle on the seat uncomfortably too as if embarrassed by the fact he was getting hard so Ellen stepped back letting his arm fall as she nodded towards Daniel approvingly.

“That looks pretty ok to me. Of course we’ll need to get it translated into Ukrainian and Russian for those who need it. Do you have people to do that? I think I could find someone if you are stuck?”

“The council will have a list of translators I expect. I suppose we had better tell them all about the tower before we can ask them to sign. You mentioned yesterday about the possibility of using the theatre here? Can I link up this so I can show a PowerPoint? How soon do you think we can get it for?”

“Ah yes. I asked earlier and we can use it fine. Actually Daniel that’s what I phoned you about at lunch time. Do you know Celine from the Refugee Survival Trust? She mentioned to me this morning something about a furniture place donating all their end of stock stuff and that they were pushed for storage space. I was thinking Daniel: there’s so many amazing organisations here working together. Today I also had to deal with the police for something urgent. 

This is such an ideal opportunity here for collaboration you know. We shouldn’t be doing this alone. I know you are thinking of a presentation for the residents here but how about we do one first for all the organisations and groups, maybe even invite someone from the schools or nurseries and possibly even the community police? There’s only two primary schools the kids in here go to and two secondary schools. Then there’s the churches and charities. If they all knew what the plans are then surely the refugees will get even more support? What do you think?”

Now sitting back down Ellen slid a hand onto her thigh as she shook her right leg left and right struggling to stay still. Daniel seemed antsy and fidgety too as he stared at his computer screen before looking back at Ellen.

“Do you think there’s time for that? It’s a great idea if we have time?”

“I think we have to find time Daniel. It’s one meeting really. I think it shouldn’t be long before we tell the clients though. Last thing we want is for them to hear on the grape vine.”

“I agree. Do you want to see what I’ve put together so far? I was hoping to add in those photos you took too.”

Ellen squeezed her thighs together on the chair before standing again to go back to seeing the computer screen. It was great that Daniel was keen on her idea if only she could nip for a wee quickly before reading any more on his laptop!

*123*2023-07-06 18:30

Meeting with Ellen part 1

Daniel drove the short distance to the port mulling over in his mind so many things at once. It was exciting to hear just how quick progress was happening on the tower block renovation but the weight of getting everyone to sign the legal contract and actually move was heavy. Still, excited to see Ellen in person for the first time since dropping her off at the port the night before Daniel walked confidently down the walkway towards to huge cruise ship trying not to think about his increasing need to urinate.

Passing security and signing in Daniel saw Ellen easily in her long flowing colourful top and thick brown hair. She looked her usual bright and bubbly self and as busy as always. Leading the way to the nearby meeting room Daniel sensed she had something on her mind. Hoping it wasn’t awkwardness at seeing him again after the events of the day before he stressed the importance of them sorting some things out urgently. Thankfully for Daniel Ellen came right into the room and happily agreed to look over the contract for the refugees.

Having Ellen standing right beside him instantly distracted Daniel as he reached out to put his arm around her back, delighting in feeling her large attractive body next to his. As his penis began wakening Daniel couldn’t help but notice that Ellen seemed nervous and restless. Recalling her conversation on the phone earlier Daniel pushed his rising penis down and changed position trying to remain focussed on the business they needed to deal with right away.

Daniel was relieved and curious when Ellen outlined her thoughts about involving other agencies and professionals, though he did worry that having too many people involved might become overwhelming and stressful. Eager to please Ellen though and keep her onside he agreed to having a meeting and making a presentation to all interested groups prior to informing the refugees themselves. Now as he pulled up his PowerPoint slides he’d started making earlier, with Ellen standing beside him once again, he felt two conflicting needs all at once: Of course he had to concentrate on getting the presentation together but Ellen’s movements were so enticing and sexy that his mind kept trying to wander off to things most unbusinesslike. That and the fact he could feel that all too familiar tingling in his nether region reminding him of the many cups of coffee he’d had throughout the day as his bladder began pushing for attention.

Bringing up the first slide Daniel could see Ellen struggling to stand still. Suggesting she brought her chair over he watched as she quickly did so though even sitting she still seemed distracted and fidgety.

“What about putting up one of my photos on that first slide Daniel? And what about having a project title. Something everyone can get behind.”

“Sounds good. Any suggestions? Project Dundee Move?”

“No. That would put loads off right away. We don’t want them to know quite how far away they are moving right at the start. That will only get backs up I think. Mmmm. What about project New Homes? Or Project Fresh Start? Or something to link them having lived here on the Adventurer II maybe? What about Project New Adventure?”

“I like that! So you still think a photo? Any thoughts on which one?”

While Ellen switched on her iPad and flicked through photos Daniel shuffled on his seat crossing his legs then uncrossing them as his knee hit the table. At least he didn’t need to return to the office so he could go straight home after this meeting, something he really looked forward to as his penis tingled again reminding him rather abruptly that he hadn’t emptied his bladder since 7:45am, now 8 and a half hours ago!

What about this one? I know it’s just plans for the garden but it will entice and intrigue enough to keep everyone’s attention. It also means you can reuse this slide for both presentations.”

“That sounds great. To be honest I was hoping to use pretty much the entire same presentation both times. There’s so much else needing arranged that time isn’t really on my side.”

Daniel looked at Ellen as she clicked to email the photo over to him. She was struggling to keep the iPad still on her knee as her leg bounced and her foot tapped the carpeted floor. As she mistyped his email address and sighed in frustration he quietly whispered,

“You ok?”

Still trying to type his email address on an ever moving iPad Ellen kept her head down as her fidgeting increased. Suddenly placing the iPad on the table next to his laptop Ellen squirmed on the seat brazenly with her cheeks red and her eyes cloudy.

“Actually…no. I’ve been trying to go to the loo since lunchtime would you believe. Can you excuse me a minute? I know this is urgent but so is my need to wee right now. God I’ve been bursting for absolutely ages! Be back in a bit!”

Daniel’s eyes bulged as his penis hardened and grew instantly as he stared at Ellen adoringly. Really wanting to delay her just a bit longer but afraid of how she might react he tried saying something but his mouth was so dry and his throat so tense all that happened was his mouth opened with nothing coming out. Coughing to clear his throat Daniel turned to face Ellen as she was now heading for the door jiggling around as she did so.

“I…I know how you feel. Don’t be long.”

Pressing a hand onto his own hard dick hoping Ellen wouldn’t turn around and see Daniel rubbed just a little as watching Ellen made him want her urgently. Waiting for the door to open and the most beautiful big woman he knew to walk out he stared in the direction expecting Ellen to disappear any second. Struggling to process why she was still there Daniel shook his head to get his mind to focus as Ellen marched on the spot in front of him looking panicked.

“The door won’t open! It’s jammed or something. Help me Daniel! I gotta wee so badly!”

*124*2023-07-07 21:47

Meeting with Daniel part 2

Standing looking at Daniel’s first slide Ellen struggled to concentrate. She couldn’t quite believe that she hadn’t managed to get to a loo all day and now she regretted that so much as she wriggled and jiggled trying to remain composed and professional but aware she was failing miserably. Not wanting to say to Daniel about her situation she was glad when he suggested bringing her seat over as she hoped sitting might miraculously help somehow. Quickly getting her seat she read through the brief slide again. It was basic, unappealing and boring, but how could she tell Daniel that?

Subtly suggesting Daniel put a photo on and perhaps a title, as opposed to his basic “The plan” which wouldn’t excite anyone, Ellen smiled to herself as Daniel seemed happy at her suggestions. As they thought about ideas for a project name Ellen wriggled constantly on the chair unable to think about much else other than her urgent need to wee. Suggesting some random ideas she was grateful beyond words when Daniel liked one enough to instantly change the slide. Sliding forwards on her seat to watch him Ellen slid a hand between her plump legs pushing firmly to try and hold her bladder for longer. Hoping Daniel was too distracted with his laptop to notice she felt her face redden and her heartbeat increase as Daniel turned to look her in the eye as he shifted in his seat uncomfortably as he smiled and asked if she thought a photo might work too.

Of course a photo would instantly draw everyone and grab attention from the start so Ellen reached into her bag for her iPad to browse through the many photos she’d taken at Tulloch Court. Swiping though slowly she now required both hands free which instantly increased her need to wee immensely as the pressure against her crotch disappeared. Rocking from side to side and squirming around bursting to wee on the chair she finally decided on the garden plans photo which she thought would lure everyone in given they had no outside space to call their own on the cruise ship. 

Daniel nodded in agreement, though he seemed distracted and stressed himself which Ellen assumed was due to the time pressure they were under. Clicking to email the photo to Daniel Ellen was fidgeting so badly that she was struggling to type. Sighing in frustration when the email wasn’t recognised because she’d typed it wrong she jiggled both legs anxiously in frustration. As soon as she sent this photo over she’d have to run to the loo urgently as the sharp tingling in her vagina refused to ease whatever she did to distract herself.

Even though she knew it was obvious, when Daniel turned to look at her in the eye again as he gently asked if she was ok Ellen still felt embarrassed and ashamed. Not wanting to admit her struggle, but equally aware that she couldn’t hold on much longer, Ellen swallowed hard and looked at the carpet and she urgently placed her iPad on the table and stood up bending forwards with a hand on her hip.

“Actually…no. I’ve been trying to go to the loo since lunchtime would you believe. Can you excuse me a minute? I know this is urgent but so is my need to wee right now. God I’ve been bursting for absolutely ages! Be back in a bit!”

Daniel didn’t appear to say anything as Ellen headed straight for the door. Then he seemed to cough and Ellen thought she heard him say something about knowing how she felt or something similar. So distracted by her own body though she gave it no more thought as she reached for the handle of the door and pulled it down. Tugging the door towards her she realised it wasn’t budging as she danced around frantically needing out the too. more than ever. Now marching on the spot, sweating and panicking, she turned back to face Daniel almost in tears.

“The door won’t open! It’s jammed or something. Help me Daniel! I gotta wee so badly!”

Daniel got up instantly as he walked towards Ellen and the door. Ellen moved to the side, still marching, as Daniel pulled the handle down and pulled hard. To his obvious surprise the door still wouldn’t open as Ellen watched in horror.

“Right. We need to remain calm and think here. There has to be crew here that can come let us out? Have you got their number?”

Ellen could barely think as she marched back to her seat and sat down firing her hands between her legs and rocking back and forth.

“I think so. Oh man I need to wee so so badly. This is crazy!”

Daniel came over towards Ellen, his eyes sparking and an obvious swelling in his crotch. Leaning down to offer to take her phone and look he first ran his hand through Ellen’s thick hair before rubbing her arm.

“What will it be under sweetheart? We’ll get out of here in a minute. Try and hold on.”

“It’s…it’s..,oh I can’t think Daniel. It’s owned by Ambassador Cruise Lines but it’s not under that’s it’s under…oh I just need to wee so bad…Robert! That’s it…Robert.”

“Ok…Robert. Robert Kerry, Robert Lee…”

“Shit! That’s surnames! Arghhh! Em…just a second…Robert Berry! That’s it. Call him…but tell him it’s urgent please.”

Daniel sat beside Ellen scrolling back to the B’s in her phone and looking for Berry. Finding it he pressed to call hearing it ring within a few seconds.

“It’s ringing. Here…”

Holding the phone out for Ellen Daniel stared in awe as Ellen sat rocking on her fist between her legs. Mesmerised by her every movement and hornier than ever he quickly realised that Ellen hadn’t moved her hand to take the phone. Shuffling his seat even closer to her he spoke in hushed tones even though no one else could hear.

“Can I help you in any way? Want me to talk to him when he answers?”

Ellen looked at Daniel with his sparkling eyes and warm face. Never before had she fancied him quite as much as now as her head felt dizzy with a crazy idea. With both her hands wedged between her long top between her broad legs she stood up and turned backing herself towards Daniel on his chair. Opening her legs she straddled over one leg of Daniel’s and sat her large bottom on his knee instantly resuming her rocking against his leg as she reached for the phone with a hand now free.

It was just at that very moment with Daniel’s arm around her securing her on his knee as she gyrated hard against him desperately trying to keep her full bladder at bay that Daniel heard a male voice answer the call.

“You’ve reached the voicemail of Robert Berry. Sorry I am unable to take your call right now. If you leave a message after the tone I will get back to you as soon as possible. Thank you.”

*127*2023-07-09 14:07

{{6 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Wow, this just gets better and better! I have just read the entire thread since discovering it yesterday morning. Up there with the best. I came so hard when they were at it in the Shell petrol station loo!

}}

Thank you so much. It’s comments like this that encourage me to keep writing more. Next chapter should be up tonight

