In times of desperation

Author: Mbgpeelover

*014*2020-05-29 14:52

Chapter 7:

Will stood there holding his flaccid penis over the toilet bursting but yet somehow unable to relax. ‘Come on pee’ his inner voice begged but yet still nothing happened. He looked down at the leaks in his boxers, reminding himself how much liquid he was holding and tried to breathe slower and chill. Still his body would not relax enough to let it all flow. This was Will’s worst nightmare as his eyes filled once again with tears, his mind returning to when this same thing last happened when he was ten. The last day he was ever in school before his anxiety reached a point he had to be home schooled and do all his exams online.

Sarah sat on the toilet longer than necessary to regain her composure a little. That had been an awesome pee; badly, very badly needed, long, intensive, beautiful and orgasmic. As she wiped the paper slid easily over her skin as her lips were so covered in mucus. She looked at it glistening on the toilet paper and noticed a lot in her underwear too. She was so turned on and would need to see to that as soon as she was home. Right now though she was in the middle of seeing a client so she flushed, opened the cubicle door, and headed to the sinks to wash her hands. Will still wasn’t out yet despite her massive long pee. Maybe he had left and was back in the waiting room or consultation room? Maybe he was too embarrassed to come out while she was there? She decided to wash and dry her hands and see if she could find him. She so hoped he hadn’t done a runner with nerves. So he had been desperate to pee, what’s so wrong with that? She had too and everyone pees don’t they?

Even hearing the tap running wasn’t helping Will. He held his penis and waited. He counted to ten breathing slowly in and out. He thought of waterfalls, taps running, swimming pools, rain; anything that might stimulate his body to pee. He needed to go so bad yet his stupid nerves were preventing it. He hated himself sometimes. There was no way he could do what happened in school that day when he returned to class having been unable to pee but then his body eventually gave in and he wet himself massively. Thinking of that made things worse and try as he might Will just could not get release. He was sniffling and crying now. He just wanted home to his own toilet so badly.

Sarah checked the waiting room, consulting room and asked the receptionist if Will had left. The only place left he could be was the ladies. Even if he had needed a bowel movement Sarah was sure he ought to have finished by now. She went back into the ladies and stood trying to decide what to do. She approached the cubicle she had seen Will hobble to wondering suddenly if perhaps he hadn’t made it and he was humiliated. Not that he had any reason to be embarrassed as he had clearly held for a long time and under the circumstances these things happen. The door was ajar and she found Will now sitting on the toilet sobbing into his hands with his trousers and boxers round his knees.

Will was so humiliated. He was a failure. That was all there was to it. His bladder hurt with the volume of liquid he had in it yet his anxiety was preventing him releasing and there was no way he could leave until he had released or else he knew what would happen. This was why he never used any other bathroom outside of his apartment. This was why he avoided people. Surely everyone would know his problem?

‘Are you ok Will?’ Sarah gently asked, though wanting to slap herself for asking such a stupid question. What sort of therapist asks something so silly? She was lost, upset for her client and worried. No-one trained you for things like this.

Sarah had yet to hear Will speak so she was shocked to hear him sob the same three words he had written in the room about ten minutes prior.

‘I.....need....help’

Sarah walked as close to the door of the cubicle as she dared.

‘What sort of help do you need?’ Now that was a more direct question, befitting of her profession.

‘I....need.....to pee’

Sarah’s face looked confused and quizzical and she was extremely grateful her client could not see her expression. She was so tempted to say ‘well just pee then!’ Clearly if he could then he would have done so ten minutes ago. This was way out of her comfort zone but she could hear the anguish of her client and knew he needed help.

‘Do you need a doctor?’

‘Emmmm.....no. I just only...’

Sarah waited for his sentence to finish but it took Will time to slow his breathing enough to finish.

‘I am such a failure. I can only pee at home’ he cried.

Sarah recalled reading about this extreme social anxiety disorder, paruresis, an extreme phobia of peeing in public. It was debilitating and distressing and painful. Sarah knew Will needed her more than ever.

‘It will be ok. I’ll be right back’

*015*2020-05-30 07:15

Chapter 8:

Sarah wasn’t a trained doctor. She wasn’t sure if her client needed medical intervention like a catheter but she would do her best to help before she called for medical support. She ran to the room and filled a glass with water. Drinking water was known to relax many of her clients and maybe, just maybe it would help Will. She ran back to the ladies and handed the glass to Will covering her eyes to give him privacy. He looked terrified and so vulnerable. She instinctively touched his hunched shoulders and whispered, ‘you can do this Will. I believe in you.’

Will’s body was more tense than he realised but he had spoken to someone! That alone was huge. He had admitted his need to pee. That was beyond what he thought he would ever achieve in his lifetime. He had made it to a new place, he was still breathing, still alive, albeit semi naked in a cubicle in a ladies bathroom with a beautiful therapist just behind a semi-open door! She was not only aware of his desire to pee and his utter failure to meet his own very personal need for release but she was understanding, even sympathetic. What had she gone for? Will could think of nothing that could help him. He had already tried everything and googled until he knew the words on the sites by heart.

He took the glass of water reluctantly. His throat was dry, his body craving liquid despite his descended bladder. He drank some and tried to relax. Then she touched him...spoke to him...

And everything changed.

First a dribble escaped. Then a spurt. It stopped. Then another spurt. He was peeing! He was actually peeing! His penis shook as his stream restarted, this time with a fierceness he could hardly control, especially sitting down. Sarah had made him pee! She was the key. His smile was wide, his face alight with pleasure and relief. He wanted to sing with excitement. He wanted to kiss Sarah! He was pissing, and pissing, and pissing with no sign of it ending.

He could no longer contain his excitement as he shouted “I’m pissing!”

Sarah could not believe what was happening. Hearing the drip splash, then the spurt and now a long, fierce, powerful stream! Oh my God could this guy pee! She longed to high five him, if truth be known she wanted to kiss him deeply...let’s be honest she wanted to lie with him, make love to him passionately and deeply. If his penis could piss that much what else could it do? Sarah desperately wanted home to orgasm. She would climax so well to the memory of this moment, many many times over. But Will could never know this. Not ever.

Finally Will was finished. Oh God had he needed that.

He wiped and pulled his damp boxers and suit trousers back up, finding them so much more comfortable now his bladder was empty. He could feel his face bright red, his legs struggling to take his weight. But oh he felt so much better now. Pride oozed from his very being. He had broken the bind of paruresis for the first time in four years. Always guilty of over generalising, forming rules when there didn’t need to be any, he knew what he needed to do the next time he was bursting and not at home: he needed Sarah. That was it. Every time he could no longer hold his bursting, desperate bladder until he got home he would have to get Sarah. She was his magic key.

*016*2020-05-31 09:10

Chapter 9:

As Will washed his hands Sarah could not help but smile at him. She would never forget Will, though she wondered if it was better if she never continued with counselling him. For now though there was no harm in finishing his first session, or what was left of it anyway. She had to admit it was the strangest session she had ever had with anyone in her career, but by far the sexiest too.

Will was way too embarrassed to look at Sarah as he washed and dried his hands. What must she think of him? He did feel so much more confident but maybe that was just the ecstasy of an empty bladder and the combination of the massive mental achievements he had accomplished that evening.

Both of them returned silently to the room, Will proud of himself for walking through the waiting room without having a heart attack at the thought the receptionist might still be there.

‘Well I don’t know about you Will but I sure feel much better after that break. So where were we? Yes I was talking about why you were referred.’ Sarah was trying to race through this now. One because she was still very wet and open and wanted to masterbate and two because she was struggling with her attraction to Will and the thoughts that accompanied that. She tried to continue, ‘I never had chance to explain earlier but should you wish to have a full autism spectrum condition evaluation then this isn’t carried out from here. I guess we can decide if this is something you wish to peruse at some point and I will give you a leaflet outlining the diagnosis process, timings and so forth before you leave. Of course this may not be the right avenue at present and I would have to spend more time evaluating you further before I could fully recommend it, but since your GP requested this I am obliged to provide the information to you.’

Will was listening intently, though his mind was simultaneously counting how many squares in the wallpapered wall it took from floor to ceiling and from one wall to the other. Will had a keen eye for detail but he was avoiding the bodily details of the Goddess Sarah as he knew that hearing her voice was already stirring his attire and looking at her curves would make that worse. Autism or not he wasn’t really bothered. It had been mentioned many times before but his severe anxiety had always prevented him attending for assessment. ‘Spend more time evaluating you’ mmmm that was an appealing thought. Yes, he liked that idea.

‘I read in your history notes Will that you were diagnosed with severe generalised anxiety at 18. Has anyone mentioned paruresis to you before? Or selective mutism? I am keen to evaluate you, for these at least, before any assessment of autism. Anxiety and autism may be very closely related but that is no guarantee you have both.’

She had to ask this. She never normally asked a brand new client this, as they often just needed told of their next appointment and left to it, but this was different. The condition she wanted to assess this client for first and foremost was deeply personal and she needed to find out if he was even aware of what it was, never mind comfortable being assessed.

‘Will, I have to ask this. Do you want to continue with any assessments to diagnose and support you or are you happy to go home and continue as things are now. Either way, I totally understand.’

Will paused to think.

Sarah so wanted to continue with this client more than any other one she had ever came across. But she was entering dangerous territory and while diagnosing rare anxiety conditions was great for her career, fancying your client was asking for trouble and she knew it.

Only Will could decide for both of them.

Will hated change. He hated questioning and assessments and pressure. He could not imagine what things Sarah would want to do but even talking was a huge struggle and thus far all he had managed to say to his therapist was he needed help, he could not pee and then shouted at her that he was pissing! He wasn’t entirely clued up about social rules but even he figured this was hardly chit chat material. The thought of someone getting to know him, asking about his bathroom struggles and making him remember trauma horrified him. But this woman was beautiful, kind, gently and understanding. And her words and touch enabled him to piss when for so many years he could only do that at home. He knew enough to know that this woman had the power to change his life ...and his bladder.

He picked up the whiteboard and immediately pointed to the yes!

There wasn’t much time for anything else so Sarah handed him copies of his signed forms, a bundle of leaflets and a time to come see her again next week.

As an after thought, given the disabling nature of his anxiety, she handed him her business card.

‘Will, if it’s an emergency call me. I will do what I can to help. Ok?’

Will put the card in his wallet , tidied the leaflets in his hand into size and colour order, then put his coat on, left arm in first as always, and left with just a hint of a wave. He was back in his car and pressing home on his sat nav in minutes, just like he did everyday when leaving the office. You never knew when you needed sat nav even if you did the same route daily for years.

‘Woah. I can’t ever recall driving this road without being on the verge of peeing myself.’ He said to himself as he got onto the main road for the twenty minute journey home. He was normally driving a few miles further down this road, but, of course, he was right. It was still the same road, and he had never driven home from work ever without being absolutely bursting. Maybe one day that might change.

*018*2020-05-31 23:19

{{1 minute ago, wedgeantilles said:

Wow, that is not the average story!

I love it, you are doing great work here!

}}

Thank you. Absolutely loving writing this

*020*2020-06-01 10:37

Chapter 10:

Sarah went to her desk and wrote up some notes from her final client. She always made a point of writing her notes immediately after the client left while everything was fresh in her mind. On this occasion she knew it would stay fresh in her mind for many years to come but while she had ten minutes she was still best to write those notes. Where to start? She had headings on her sheet with ‘presentation in waiting room’ , ‘did client understand why they were here?’, ‘Was client communicative and willing to participate’, ‘do you feel there is value in treating this patient’.

Sarah could have written a book on this client already but she tried to focus on the facts. Presentation? That was easy: anxious, fidgety, sat in furthest away seat possible, no eye contact, no verbal communication, very restless. Sarah smiled as she thought back to how Will had arrived, clearly desperate to use the bathroom yet she had not for a moment realised. Instantly her body reacted to this memory as she closed her eyes and replayed every squirm, every fidget, she had seen Will do earlier. In the privacy of her office she could not help but stroke herself through her clothing as recalling every detail of Will’s appointment pushed all her sexual buttons.

Next question: did client understand why they were there? He hadn’t spoken anything in her room as she recalled the only time she heard his voice was in the ladies. But he had communicated with body movements, by nodding and by pointing to yes and no. She was confident he knew why he was there.

‘Was client communicative and willing to participate?’ Oh her mind was drifting here to what she really wanted him to participate in with her, and that wasn’t counselling! She was stroking more at that thought, her whole body getting excited at her fantasy. She remembered how he had finally spoken in the bathroom and how much of a struggle that had been for him. He had participated on so many levels, physical, mentally and sexually....though the last one was more her private thoughts than anything.

As she recalled everything and filled in her final column about wether she felt there was value in treating this patient she closed her eyes and once again heard the first drip of his pee into the toilet, then the spurt, then a pause before his huge long torrent. Before she knew what was happening Sarah was edging close to orgasm as she thought back to Will. She shook on her seat, her underwear sodden with clear mucus and her body sweating from sexual climax. She knew this would not be the first orgasm she had thinking of Will but maybe it ought to be the last she physically saw him. Could she actually bring herself to cancel his appointment just because she was captivated by him and his struggles to pee?

She could hardly talk to her mentor about this issue though could she? But then could she think of poor Will continually with a full bladder, squirming, holding himself and dying to wee yet unable to release? He was socially isolated, bound by fear, clearly struggling with some severe post traumatic stress disorder related to peeing and she was possibly in a position to unlock all that and change his life.

For his sake she had to push her own desires aside and see him more. Next week could not come quick enough!

*021*2020-06-02 10:54

Chapter 11:

Will went to work the following day with his head a bit messed up from the change of routine the evening before and thoughts of all that happened. He had actually pissed somewhere that wasn’t at home and the idea made him sweat, and almost have a panic attack. It was all a dream. No-way could it have actually happened, though he could still hear Sarah’s angelic voice when he closed his eyes.

Alone in his office he carried on as normal: working long hours, drinking coffee from his personal coffee machine and interacting only via the written word online. Soon after lunch he felt that familiar feeling of tingling in his nether regions but as always he ignored it, crossed his legs and carried on. He might have used one bathroom out-with his house but that didn’t mean he was ready to do it again. He flinched at that horrible recollection of standing holding his penis over the toilet absolutely desperate for urgent release yet unable to go. He never ever wanted to experience that at a urinal or with anyone waiting to get access to a cubicle so it was better for everyone if he contained his need and just went at home. Besides he still had no idea where the bathroom even was anyway!

He wasn’t having a good day though and absentmindedly poured another coffee without thinking. He was trying to program something and it kept flagging up with a fault. Damn his bladder for distracting him. Will was a perfectionist and he would not leave until this problem was sorted. He zoned into work mode and for the next hour he set about trying to put things right.

By 5pm things were improving, well with his work anyway. The problem was he now had a serious problem with his bladder! He was bursting to use the bathroom, and despite the fact he could sign out early, as many of his colleagues did, Will just could not bring himself to break the rule. At his interview, over three years ago, he was told his work hours were 9am until 5:30pm and from the day he started he had neither been one minute early arriving nor one minute late leaving. Such was his level of perfectionism. He tried not to think about his full and uncomfortable bladder or the throbbing in his penis, but it was increasingly hard to ignore.

Will was finished his programming, it was Friday and many of his team had already put their out of office replies on their emails so Will decided to check his personal emails, work emails and team emails to keep his mind on something other than his urgent need to release urine. He was shocked to find an email from Sarah in his personal emails. Just seeing her name gave him an instant hard on. Having his own office was a distinct advantage at times like this!

Will’s entire body felt alive and happy. He read the email six times over.

‘Hi Will,

Firstly thank you for coming to your first appointment yesterday. It was lovely to meet you. After some initial research and in light of yesterday’s events, I was wondering if you would be able to do the following before your appointment next week:

Could you take a photograph of your toilet at home, ideally from the natural urinating position. Ideally if this could be on a small portable device such as your phone. Please bring this along with you.

Could you keep a diary from tonight until your appointment of how much and when you drink and when you use the bathroom.

Thank you,

Regards,

Sarah Henderson

Henderson personal counselling

34 Buchan Drive

Springland

ST6 3BB’

Will stared at his computer, so hard and horny as he thought back to ‘yesterday’s events’. He recalled the beauty of seeing Sarah bouncing about on her seat bursting, seeing her crossed legged standing at the door while he had a panic attack preventing him leaving the room, of the feeling of her hand pull him to the bathroom, of the incredible sound of her peeing. Bathrooms had caused him so much trauma he hated them, other than his own private bathroom at home, but whenever he thought about the bathroom in the counselling waiting area he instantly had an erection!

Suddenly Will noticed the time and panicked. He was late, by nothing more than his own inflexible schedule, but late nonetheless. He quickly put his mug in his Tupperware box to take home, wiped his computer down as he turned it off, then put his coat on, left arm in first as always. Fridays were much easier to avoid people so he wasn’t worried about signing out today. Within a minute he was in his car squeezing his dick, party because he, as always every evening, was desperate to wee and party because he still had an erection. This thirty minute drive home would be interesting.

*022*2020-06-03 21:43

Chapter 12:

Will prepared for everything in life. He needed to be in control. He needed things to go how they should. He always left work at the same time and always arrived at his apartment at the same time, bar a minute or so. He always made it home dry...well dry-ish. That was just how it went.

Tonight just wasn’t going to plan though!

He’d barely got past the second roundabout when the car in front put his brake lights on and came to a stop. Will hated delays, especially when he had to get to the toilet so bad. He cursed under his breathe hoping the traffic would move soon.

Sarah had scheduled her Friday badly. A growing number of clients and an emergency with her own elderly mum had made for a hectic day with lunch eaten while trying to sort things out with her mum’s nursing home. ‘The joys of having older parents’ she thought as she started clearing up finally after a long and tiring day. She only did late appointments on Tuesdays and Thursdays and by this time on a Friday she was more than ready for home. She was so grateful it only took half an hour by car to her house. As she locked the front door the cold air hit her suddenly and her bladder sent a sudden urge to empty.

‘When did I last use the bathroom?’ She thought to herself as she climbed into her car and turned the engine on. ‘I actually can’t remember? I must have went at lunch? No wait a moment I was on the phone to the home then? No way! I must not have been all day! Geez no wonder I need it now!’ The building was alarmed and all locked up so the quicker she got home the better! She could wait thirty minutes. She was sure of it.

As she pulled out the side street she could hear emergency vehicles in the distance. Something was going on somewhere and when she got home she would have a nosy on social media to see what it was. There was always plenty gossip to read on Facebook after all.

Once on the main road Sarah was aware just how full her bladder really was. She was uncomfortable and distracted and looking forward to relief.

But as she indicated to turn at the roundabout she noticed the traffic on her road wasn’t moving. She groaned at the idea of any delay. At least stationary she could use her hand to help her throbbing vagina hold back her pent up pee. She had to move soon. Her need was growing quickly.

Will was in trouble. He had not moved for seven minutes now. Seven very long minutes as he squirmed and rubbed his penis trying to help himself hold on. He should have been just six minutes away from home now. He knew he could wait that long but not much else and even if the traffic moved now that was not long enough to get him home dry. This was an emergency.

Sarah was bursting. ‘How could she have been so busy she had forgotten to pee all day at work? Who holds their pee all day?’ She thought. Then she recalled how she had done just that yesterday and how badly she had to go then. She had to get out the habit of forgetting to go. Thinking of yesterday reminded her of Will and she smiled, her eyes twinkling as even the mention of his name made her go all giggly like a teenager. ‘How could he hold all day everyday?’, she wondered. He would be on his way home from work now and probably very desperate to go too. That thought was very arousing and Sarah pushed against her privates as her own need and thoughts of Will made her wet and ready.

The traffic was still not moving at all and Will needed a better grip on his member now. One handedly he unclipped his seatbelt while rubbing his tip with the other hand. He muttered to himself ‘I’m bursting. Oh so bursting. Come on traffic this is an emergency!’ He put his hand in his trouser pocket pulling out his phone from the front suit pocket and lifting his bottom off of the seat he pulled his wallet out of his back pocket and tossed it on the passenger seat. It landed open but what did that matter? All he could think about was getting to his own toilet in his own apartment and releasing. He undid his trouser button and massaged his penis through his boxers.

Sarah was sweating with her need now. Wearing a suit skirt she at least had access to her pants as she pushed upwards and rubbed to try and avoid a puddle in her car seat. She wasn’t sure she would get home dry.

Will was repeating over an over as he rocked back and forth with his hand cupped over his penis and testicles. ‘This is an emergency. I repeat this is an emergency’. There was something about that word, he recalled hearing it very recently but where? It was so hard to focus and concentrate when you were on the verge of pissing yourself!

‘God I remember now!’ He said as his eyes wondered to his open wallet where a business card was half falling out.

“Will, if it’s an emergency call me. I will do what I can to help. Ok?” That was Sarah’s parting words less than 24 hours ago! He HAD to pee. He wasn’t going to make it home. He remembered now...Sarah was his key.

He grabbed his phone in one hand, shaking with sheer desire to urinate, and sent her a text.

‘Sarah, it’s Will. I need help.’

Sarah was getting shivers as she continued to push against her throbbing urethra. She was bolt upright in her seat rubbing herself for all she was worth. The vibration of her phone caused her to leak a bit. She knew she shouldn’t look to see who it was from but she also couldn’t help herself.

Her heart missed a beat as she saw who it was and read his text.

She shouldn’t really text clients but she also couldn’t ethically ignore a cry for help from someone with such severe issues as Will had.

Trembling she texted back one handed, ‘how can I help?’

*023*2020-06-04 09:20

Chapter 13:

Will struggled to sit still long enough to focus to text. His desperate penis was filling fast with blood and swelling as Will looked at his phone. Sarah had actually texted him back! Just thinking of her drove his penis crazy. At least that helped him hold. He continued touching himself one handed as he texted back with the other hand.

‘I need to pee. Stuck in traffic’

Sarah had shivers of excitement running right through her body. Her nipples were hard and tender, longing to be licked and touched. Her cheeks were blushing, her eyes sparkling, her pussy swelling with desire. At least being this aroused was distracting her a bit from her bursting bladder. A sudden thought crossed her mind. Could they both be stuck in the same traffic jam? She recalled Will’s address was not that far from her own and his work just a few miles to the south. For once all that boring paperwork she had to complete seemed useful after all. She thought of Will desperate to piss and possibly being so close by. The idea sent her body crazy!

She replied quickly, ‘Are you near Chapel Grounds Road?’ It was a crazy thought but what did it really matter? As much as she would love to be in the car with Will, holding a bottle for him, even aiming his penis into the top of it for him, or better still holding his hand and kissing him to help him release while she watched him pee against a tree, she knew right now she was stuck in her own car half on a roundabout, half on Chapel Grounds Road and there were was nothing she could really do to help him, or herself for that matter!

She bounced around on her seat as she waited to see if he would reply.

Will was getting angry at the hold up now. He had his finger massaging the very tip of his hard penis as he could feel what he hoped was precum ready to drip out. He wanted to wank himself so badly but he had to try and hold back as he was in a car stuck in traffic and he knew anyone walking past could look in and catch him. He already had his trousers undone and his hand inside his underwear as it was!

The beep of his phone startled him slightly as he read Sarah’s text. He read it again. And again. Everything Sarah sent him he read over and over. He wanted to savour every word, every comma, even every full stop. How could she know where he was? The thought excited him even more and he felt his boxers damp with precum.

Suddenly the car in front edged forward and Will had to let go of himself and his phone to get into gear and drive. If nothing else his boner might allow him to get home dry. If only the traffic would keep moving. Then again he wanted to text Sarah and he was terrified of breaking the law and texting while driving. He could hear an emergency vehicle approaching from the distance. Maybe his ordeal would soon be over. As the traffic slowed to ten miles an hour he took a chance and texted back ‘yes’ and pressed send.

‘Thank God for that!’ Sarah said out loud as finally she seemed to be moving. How she longed to have the privacy of home. She hadn’t decided wether to see to her sexual need or physical need first. She would decide that as she got nearer home. Both would need seen to urgently though. She was so focussed on the fact the traffic was moving again she almost forgot she was waiting for Will to reply until her phone beeped. She decided to wait a minute as she was now in second gear and actually almost at twenty miles an hour! Compared to going nowhere this was great progress. But it soon slowed down again. She checked her phone and smiled the biggest smile. Will was indeed near by! Oh my God! She squirmed in her seat as desire and urgency to wee combined and her rock hard clitoris and throbbing urethra both fought for her immediate attention.

She had a sudden brain wave. Sarah could be quite impulsive when she wanted to be. If Will was on the same road then if he took the next left then second left again he would be in the retail park where there was a 24 hour McDonald’s! That had to be nearer than home? As she slowed right down she took the chance to text back:

‘I’m on same road. I want to help you. If you take next left hand turn then second left I’ll meet you at McDonald’s ASAP. Hold on. You can do this Will.’

Fuck! Sarah was on the same road after all. He almost exploded at that thought until anxiety tore at him like a knife wound. Turn left? That wasn’t the way he went. His apartment was straight ahead. He knew the way, his sat nav repeated the way as he loved the familiarity of it and his car even knew the way. He’d never been to McDonald’s though he was aware from driving past where it was. He was protected in his car but actually going inside somewhere terrified him. His crippling fears had caused his penis to become relaxed again and instantly he thought he would wet himself. He was mentally in torment. By his calculations McDonald’s was four minutes nearer than his apartment. As his brain tried to rationally think what to do whilst multitasking driving at just 15 miles an hour his dick was about to make the decision for him as a spurt of urine leaked into his boxers. There was no way he could wait four more minutes as he indicated left as sweat poured from his forehead and back.

Sarah was going to McDonald’s wether Will did or not. She wasn’t sure she would make it there dry but her house was miles away yet and she knew she would be drenched if she tried to get there. At least the cars were now moving, albeit at a snails pace. She indicated left and headed off the main road.

*024*2020-06-05 11:00

Chapter 14:

Will was close to meltdown. Embarrassment at wet boxers, a bladder at its limit and the horrifying idea of changing his routine, entering a fast food restaurant with other people there, and even worse trying to ‘go’ in a different toilet again. Tears formed in his eyes and his breathing was fast and laboured. At least the traffic was moving so he set his mind to focus on the technicalities of driving.

He watched his revs to know when to change gears (he never had been able to just ‘do it naturally and read the engine, much preferring facts to anything subjective), tried to work out the sequence of traffic lights and read every road sign in detail. His mind was the only thing preventing his car from an imminent flood. His abdomen ached, as did everything between his legs. He was terrified of wetting, seeing people, even seeing Sarah again. What if she could see his wet underwear? What if that spurt had went through to his suit trousers? He saw McDonald’s and pulled into the car park with the front of his car facing away from the door. No-one must see him. No-one.

Sarah could not get to the restaurant quicker if she tried, going through amber lights she would otherwise never do and breaking the speed limit by a few miles per hour. Every second mattered when her urethra throbbed so fast she thought she would explode! She pulled into the restaurant car park faster than she really ought to and parked as near to the front door as she could. She was so consumed with her urgent need to use the toilet that for a second she forgot she was meant to be here to help Will! Where would she meet him, could she even wait that long? This was such a nightmare and now she had to get out her car and look around for someone she only met the night before.

It was getting dark quickly too. Perhaps she could run to the ladies then wait for him? That thought caused a few drops to leak. She didn’t dare think what state her knickers were in now! She turned her engine off while with her other fist pushing against her tired vaginal muscles feeling the warm wetness against her thumb and index finger. Oh God this was critical. She needed the loo like she needed her next breath! She turned her headlights off and pushed her door open enough to get one leg out. She pushed against her urethra as hard as she could between her skirt before standing up.

Will was kneading at his privates for all he was worth. He’d been bursting hundreds of times in his life but this was on a whole new level. Horrid flashbacks filled his mind of his last day in school when he held all afternoon then finally asked to be excused only to be so frightened he stood at the school urinal and nothing came out. He stood there willing everything in him to let him pee but after five minutes not a drip had come out and by now he was so worried about getting into trouble he walked back to class every bit as bursting as he had been when he left. He could not ask again. He could not tell anyone what had happened, ever. He tried holding but eventually his bladder could hold no more and warm urine ran down his leg, into his sock and filled his school shoe, forming a puddle on the classroom floor.

He was so disturbed and agitated he grabbed his coat and bag and ran out of the school and home and refused to ever go back. How could you possibly be on the very edge of wetting yet be so scared to pee in an unfamiliar place? Will knew he was every bit as close to humiliation and defeat as he was back that day in school. With tears pouring from his eyes he glanced in his wing mirror and saw Sarah, with tightly crossed legs and moving around frantically just by the door to McDonald’s. He had to try. He had to push through his fears. If not for him, for Sarah. He had texted her, interrupted her evening, taken her off course just because he needed to piss. He hated how selfish that sounded so his pride forced him out the car and across the car park to Sarah, with one hand in front of his crotch the entire time.

Sarah saw Will and ran to get him. She could tell he had been crying and on the verge of embarrassment. She was right in that place with him. She grabbed his hand even though his eyes were set down looking only at the concrete car park.

‘Let me help you Will. It’s my job. It’s ok. I know exactly how you feel. I’m in urgent need to use the bathroom myself. Come quick!’

She pulled him through the car park, through the automatic doors and through the entire restaurant in less than a minute. She was running, almost dragging him, so quickly he had to let go of his crotch as another drip sat right on the very tip of his penis. She pulled him through the door marked ‘toilets’ so urgently then suddenly let his hand go as she raced to the ladies.

Will stood there frozen as Sarah pee danced for all she was worth.

Will hadn’t moved. Sarah turned and looked at him, her body holding the door to the ladies open in anticipation.

‘Will, you need to go. I need to go. What’s stopping you?’

Tears puddled in Will’s eyes, both hands covering his quivering crotch area. He looked at the floor.

‘I..need...help...’, he whispered.

Sarah had no time to spare, not a second. She grabbed Will’s hand and pushed open the disabled toilet. She pulled him in, shut and locked the door and immediately hitched her skirt up and began pulling her cotton pants down.

Will might need help but she didn’t. She was in agony and dripping slowly and agonisingly into her pants. She could feel warm urine dripping down her bare leg.

‘Will, I am so sorry. I can’t wait a second longer. I HAVE to use the toilet. If you can why don’t you try using the sink?’

Sarah dived onto the single toilet pan as quick as she could with her wet pants at her knees. Her muscles were exhausted, her bladder extended beyond what she thought it could ever be. She didn’t need to relax or even think about it as a steady stream oozed out of her tired body splashing noisily in the pan.

Will undid his fly and pulled his tired penis out with his side to Sarah and held it over the little sink. He could barely breathe, his face was red with embarrassment and he stood still with his eyes closed. He urgently ached for relief. He tried to take himself to a place of calm in his mind as he listened to the most beautiful, perfect, utterly sexy woman unload her bladder within touching distance of him.

He didn’t mean to raise his voice, or frighten Sarah, when he looked at his penis, failing him again, and shouted ‘for the love of God just work please!’

$$

$$

$$

