Any writers or artists willing to do work for commission?

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2020-09-27 19:10

There was one writer on here who does work regularly and was good but I did upset them it was my fault but I’m better now. I’m just looking for someone willing to accept payment and write my stories or draw scenes for payment. I was talking to someone else on here willing to write but they seem to have gone silent and I suspect are busy which is fine.

But if there’s any other writers or artists let me know below or message me. Also I am looking for ones willing to do both male and female desperation scenes with lots of panic, humiliation and wetting after holding for a while.

*004*2020-09-28 09:10

Thank you! Could you both message me your price ranges like how costs are estimated? Also could you give me estimated timelines?

{{8 hours ago, Zuorsara said:

Yep. Here's my Fiverr gig. I'm a very experienced writer for omo literature.

%https://www.fiverr.com/zuorsara?up_rollout=true

Please dm me if you want to commission me

}}

{{8 hours ago, Noot said:

I'm an Omo commission writer, feel free to DM me any time on this forum if you're interested in working with me!

}}

{{8 hours ago, Zuorsara said:

Yep. Here's my Fiverr gig. I'm a very experienced writer for omo literature.

%https://www.fiverr.com/zuorsara?up_rollout=true

Please dm me if you want to commission me

}}

{{8 hours ago, Noot said:

I'm an Omo commission writer, feel free to DM me any time on this forum if you're interested in working with me!

}}

ALSO IMPORTANT!! I should add I am only willing to pay for commissions from other adults. So anyone offering you are 18 years +? I know they’re just stories but this is a fetish site and only adults and adult characters should be allowed

Only appropriate and right

