Dorothea's Desperation (Bebe's Kids)

Author: mysterious331

*000*2021-05-26 20:08

After FunWorld had been completely destroyed, Dorothea and Vivian managed to escape from the amusement park. They saw that the place had slowly torn apart. The two women were soak and wet after the kids caused them to fall overboard.

"Now this is just embarrassing!" Dorothea screamed in disgust. "We just got thrown overboard by a bunch of children!"

"It was nice to go for a swim though," Vivian said.

"Forget that, girl!" Dorothea snapped. "Let's just dry up somewhere."

"Hey, girl," Vivian told Dorothea when she spotted Robin's car driving away. "Ain't that your hubby driving over there?!"

Dorothea took one good look at Robin's car driving away. "I know he playin' hard to get back," she mutter smugly. "He'll take me back. Right now, we gotta dry off!"

So the two women stood in front of a heater right beside the destroyed amusement park. They dried off quickly and were no longer wet. However, Dorothea was now wiggling around.

"Girl, what you dancin' for?" Vivian asked cluelessly. "There ain't no music playin'!"

"I ain't dancin'!" Dorothea yelled. "I gotta pee! I think I drank too much of that large lemon soda!"

"The FunWorld park got bathrooms there!" Vivian told her.

"That place is destroyed!" Dorothea snapped still crossing her legs together. "I have to pee really bad"

"Okay. We'll find a bathroom somewhere," Vivian reminded.

But Dorothea could no longer walk, and her only other option was to let it out all over her pants. "Forget it!" Dorothea shouted. "There ain't nobody in this parking lot anyway! So I'll just pee right here!"

"You really gonna do that, girl?" Vivian asked.

"It's either that or I piss myself!" Dorothea said. "And I ain't fixin' to walk in public with wet pants! So I'ma pee right here!"

So Dorothea uncrossed her legs, quickly pulled her pants down, squatted, and started to pee. Dorothea let out a sigh of relief as she continued peeing.

"Now that's much better," Dorothea said to herself.

"I'll be right back!" Vivian said as she ran away.

"Where you going?!" Dorothea shouted back at her.

She didn't care at the moment. She was very busy peeing. She started making a long trail on the dry asphalt. Her big bare butt was shining in the late afternoon sun. It was about a minute and twenty seconds when she kept peeing.

By then, Vivian returned holding a roll of toilet paper. "I got the toilet tissue for you, girl," she told Dorothea, who was still squatting with her bare butt facing Vivian. "You gonna take some?"

"Can't you see I'm still peeing over here?!" Dorothea snapped as she still continued peeing. "Wait 'til I'm finished!"

Vivian looked around to find that Dorothea's pee trail was so long it formed a very long racing track. The stream was about at least 5 feet in length. Dorothea's bare butt was shining through the sun.

After five minutes, Dorothea was finally finished as she let the last drops fall on the ground. "Now I'm done!" she declared. "Vivian, hand me that toilet tissue!" Vivian obey, and Dorothea rolled up a bunch of sheets in her hand. She used it to wipe herself and shook her butt dry. She then pulled up her pants and stood up.

Vivian took a look at the long trail of pee on the asphalt. "Dang, girl!" Vivian said impressed. "You were bursting!"

"It was that large soda!" Dorothea told her. "Now let's leave. I'm sure Robin hasn't forgotten about me. Because I ain't giving up on him."

So Dorothea and Vivian walked out of the parking lot on their way to search for Robin. The long pee stream continued to flow through the ground, and one of the guards of the amusement park slipped on the stream.

"What the-," he cried out. He rubbed his fingers on the urine and sniffed it. "Someone pissed out here," he said. He then looked at the pee trail that was now about 15 feet away from where the amusement park used to be.

The guard followed the trail all the way to its end. He studied the urine stream carefully. "A woman pissed here, and I missed it!" the guard said in disappointment. "I must know who was the woman... right after I get changed into some new clothes."

So the guard walked away wondering who was the woman who peed in the parking lot.

He then got up on his feet and ran to his car. He changed into some dry clothes and headed to his car. As he started the engine, he drove straight ahead and saw Vivian and Dorothea walking up ahead. He pulled up in front of them.

"I caught you!" the guard told them hopping out of the car. "So you were the one who urinated in the parking lot, weren't you?"

"So what if I did?" Dorothea told him smugly. "You'd pee outside too if you had to hold it without a nearby restroom!"

"I'm afraid I'm gonna have to write you up, Miss!" the guard told her writing a citation. "Here's $50 to pay for the fine for public urination!"

He handed Dorothea the ticket, returned to his car, and drove off. Dorothea just looked back at the car driving away. "It's only $50," Vivian told her friend. "You can afford that!"

"Whatever!" Dorothea replied. "I'll just pay the ticket now and find Robin later. We still got time."

The women just continued walking.

THE END

