A Flower Shop on a Hill

Author: Mariomo

*010*2023-03-24 04:57

I think I may stop updating this story altogether, not that big of news for people who know me, I tend to jump between stories like that.

Bella found herself in an awfully familiar situation. Only a day had passed since her prior incident, but she had once again woken up late, and was rushing to work without a bathroom break, her last one being taken as she arrived home at 9 last night.

She crested the hill that the greenhouse resided on 15 minutes early since she had rushed so much. She didn’t think much about it, but she already somewhat had to relieve herself, having technically held it almost 8 hours already. As she approached the shop, she noticed that it was lifeless. Clara wasn’t in there setting it up for the day. She slowly walked to the front door, the early autumn breeze disturbing her complicated deep blue dress, she could see a sign posted to it. She squinted, taking some time to read it.

“Shop closed for the weekend.”

How could Bella be so silly? It was Saturday! She sighed a sigh of relief, today would be a good day, having a day all to herself to lay in her house and... Well, there wasn’t much to do. She heard the faint sound of gravel crunching to her right.

“Bella!”

“Huh? Oh, Good Morning, Clara!”

Clara slowly approached, she wore a glistening white dress. It engulfed almost her entire person, seemingly leaving only her face visible, and that too was under a thin veil hanging from all around the brim of her summer hat. The entire dress was an indecipherable menagerie of frills and flows, the only true sense of shape coming from where Clara’s usual corset brutally crushed her torso, and the dress. It all shined blindingly bright in the early morning sun. It had some type of metal on it that reflected the sun tenfold.

“Bella, since we won’t be working today, I wanted to tell you that it would be a great pleasure if you were to come to my house for the day.”

Bella was thankful for the invite, as Clara’s house was closer to the greenhouse than Bella’s by a long shot. She would be able to relieve herself earlier than anticipated. And she would have someone to talk to for the day rather than just sitting at home and twiddling her thumbs.

“Come on, I’m sure you’re eager for a break from standing in that little greenhouse all day.”

Bella nodded, eager to see what Clara’s home would be like. Clara stepped closer to Bella, and reached her white silk-gloved hand out. Bella removed her dirty, worn work gloves, revealing that her hands too were wrapped extra-tightly in a layer of black suede, something she had done to try and impress her boss. Imitation is the best form of flattery after all.

Clara slowly locked her hand with Bella’s, and gently pulled her down the path to her house. It was a little strange, Clara’s grip was so gentle that it barely even felt like their hands were touching, merely grazing eachother every now and then, but the feeling of being pulled was very real, though still absurdly polite and gentle, in a way that was distinctly Clara’s.

It took two miles of walking in silence, but they had eventually made it to Clara’s doorstep. Bella was pleasantly surprised by the size of Clara’s house, she wondered how Clara could afford such a nice place while only running a tiny flower shop, probably inheritance.

Clara slowly let go of Bella’s hand, and motioned for her to come on in. Bella took a step, but was quickly stopped by Clara’s outstretched arm, “Are you wearing high heels?” She asked.

Bella lifted her dress a little, she was not. It made sense, the whole greenhouse had a rocky gravel floor, and Clara would almost stumble over every step she took. Bella knew that wearing high heels while working all day in that shop would be a death sentence, especially with how full her bladder got, she’d probably fall over and wet herself.

Oh, her bladder.

The walk from the stand to Clara’s house had given her bladder time to fill further, and it was now alerting Bella to its presence again.

