Paul’s Accident

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2021-12-10 12:10

Paul’s hands were deep in the pockets of his khakis as his whole body tensed. His leg pushed off the ground and discreetly crossed over his other knee and then he started to bounced.

“What’s wrong, bro?” Said Bob, who was aroused by his tall, blonde friends desperate demeanor.

Paul’s sweaty face turned to Bob as he continued to bounce.

“I really gotta go!”

Paul twisted around and sprinted off in a speed walk with his legs remaining tight together. Bob on the other hand smiled and leaned forward as his erected penis threw him off balance.

Paul breathed with relief as he approached the bathroom door. He could not wait to empty his full bladder that he had been holding for over four hours. He pushed the door open, and was immediately kicked off of the ground and away . He landed flat on his butt and clenched his crotch in both hands to keep himself from wetting. Paul twisted his legs and squirmed in place as the fall, along with having been so close to relief, had pushed his bladder to the edge. He grinned and bit his lip.

Out of the bathroom came a large muscular man with long hair and a thick mustache. He wore a black onesie that was so tight the bulges from his muscles stuck out. He walked towards Paul, breathing heavy, and finally burped into the air, sending a stink across the room.

Paul covered his face and kept on hand buried between his crossed legs. The smell was so bad it made his eyes water. He struggled to pick himself off from the ground, and the large man pulled Paul up from his ankle, hanging him upside down.

“What you doing boy?” The large man spat out in a thick accent that sounded German or Russian to Paul. “This is Boris’ bathroom,” he said pointing to the door. “No one uses it but Boris!” He pointed his finger in Paul’s face, hoping his words stuck inside Paul as much as the urine in his poor, swelled bladder was.

Bob walked forward carefully as his balance was still off from his massive erection from admiring Paul’s desperation.

“Yes, yes! I’m so sorry Mr. Boris sir.” Paul kept his legs closed tight, twisting his ankle around the one Boris held in his gigantic hand. He placed his hands against his crotch which was pushing outwards as the urine inside of him seemed to have developed a kind of its own, pushing itself out of Paul against all of his will power and muscles. He had to hold on. “Im so, so sorry. It’s just, we’ve been waiting for the market to open for hours now, and I’ve had to pee since we left the house, and now really have to go!”

“Why puny nervous man no go before he leave home?”

“My-erg…bladder w-was only at a two for desperation at that point,” Paul stuttered. “Now I’m at a 10-OW-or maybe a 13!” A tear fell from Paul’s face and dropped down his forehead as the pulses in his bladder became so intense he felt he might burst any second. “Mr. Boris s…sir. P-please, I really have to pee so bad. I don’t want to have something embarrassing happen in the store in front of everyone. Please, may I just use the bathroom, please sir, please?”

Boris scratched his chin, and stared into space considering Paul’s proposal. Paul meanwhile was still upside down which only added more pressure on his bladder. Even though he was trying to avoid a humiliating accident, hanging up there from this large, ridiculous-looking scary man, he squirmed around with his legs crossed and hands still held tightly. He was not going to last much longer, he feared. People were already giggling as he squirmed in mid-air at his predicament, and Bob didn’t seem to be helping.

“Excuse me good sir,” said Bob.

“What you want, small, chubby man?”

“I couldn’t help but hear this predicament.”

“Bob, what are you-“

“Shush, Paul. You seem to be a fellow who enjoys a good muscle match!” Bob swung two fists out like a boxer. “I believe my desperate, bladder busting friend here would gladly have a fun fight with you for the bathroom. What do you say?”

Paul’s eyes widened as his whole body froze. His lip quivered as he stuttered. “B-Bob! I can’t fight hi-“

“It deal puny man!” Boris said.

…………….

Everyone was gathered around for the fight. The bathroom remained locked with the referee, Bob, holding the key. He walked up to his friend as Boris stretched, readying himself for battle.

Bob rubbed Paul’s shoulders. Boris made him change into a tight, black onesie like him, and Paul bladder bulge and penis showed through the latex.

“How you feeling buddy?”

Paul was shaking and holding himself. “I-I—I-c-c-can’t h-h-h-h-HOLD it much l-longer!”

“You’ll do great!”

The bell ring, and Boris ran at him. Paul put up his hands and shoved Boris away just in time. His strength intensified from his bladder urges. Paul got on and started making light punched on Boris who laughed at the puny man’s hits.

“Whoa whoa whoa!” Said Bob. He pulled PAul off of Boris and felt warm liquids glide down his leg which turned him on, causing him to pop a huge boner into Paul’s butt since he was squeezing PAuls back against him.

Paul blushed, and looked down at the accident he made. Urine poured out of him, and a puddle stretched. Everyone started pointing and laughing and taking pictures, and Paul started crying in despair.

The end

