Restless Ruth

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-05-08 23:38

Restless Ruth

People say that the anointing is attractive and in Ruth’s case it very much was. The daughter of a famous preacher, and granddaughter of an even more famous evangelist, preaching, singing and bringing words of prophecy were all standard to Ruth, whose calendar was full years in advance for all sorts of Christian events.

This morning she was in her home church were she lead worship and sang solos regularly and where her father often called on her during meetings to pray for those in the congregation.

Sunday’s were always long, but glorious, and Ruth lived for them. She loved being in the presence of God and around people and she wasn’t put off one bit by the fact the church had thousands in attendance and the whole thing was televised live for the Christian channel.

The day had started early and Ruth had woken at 5:30 to pray and read her Bible. Her time with God always took priority and she sang worship songs as she showered and washed her long golden hair. She stepped into a long flowing sparkling navy dress that showed her vivacious body and large breasts off and flowed generously over her large curves throughout her body. There was a lot of Ruth, but she looked utterly radiant as she dried her long hair and hung it neatly and glamorously displaying her natural curls perfectly. Whilst so many criticised her publicly and privately, Ruth walked in the favour of her God and confidently smiled at her image in the mirror as she read the scripture above it about being ‘fearfully and beautifully made’.

She made herself some fresh coffee before filling her two travel cups with more from the coffee maker and having some cereal and fresh fruit. She then went back and lightly put on some make up, just enough to give her a sparkle and colour against the intensity of the TV cameras later.

Then it was off to the hour and a half prayer meeting prior to the church service.

It wasn’t appropriate to slip out the prayer meeting. It would appear rude to whoever was praying at that point in time and break the flow of the anointing, so despite feeling the effects of her earlier coffee and the half travel mug she had been sipping throughout the prayer meeting, Ruth carried on as if nothing was different. She would just visit the ladies before heading into the sanctuary and going on stage for worship.

On leaving the prayer meeting however Ruth because caught up in conversation with a close friend who wanted to pray with her urgently as she felt a strong burden about this morning, telling Ruth, with some concern, that ‘The Devil has a plan to distract you from your calling today. He wants to drag you away from God, entice you away from where you should be. He will pull you so much, so strongly, so powerfully but God is saying to you that you are stronger than you realise and to always put him first. Resist temptation my friend. Whatever happens this morning don’t walk away, don’t give up, don’t bow to the pressure.’ Grace hugged Ruth as she finished and Ruth promised her she would remember her words and stay strong throughout the service.

Ruth pondered the words as she stepped on stage and had a quick run through of some of the songs for the service. Caught up in the moment she completely forgot about her bodily needs but by the time she was finished she was hot, thirsty and ready for a break. As she headed for the staff refreshment desk and grabbed a bottle of water and some biscuits she allowed herself to relax a little. It was then she remembered she still hadn’t been to the ladies. She definitely should do that before the televised service began.

Ruth gulped down the bottle of water as she headed through the now crowded atrium of the large building to the nearest toilets. Entire families seemed to crowd her way as many wanted to say hi, shake hands and give her a hug. Ruth wasn’t going to offend anyone so she graciously shook hands, accepted and gave hugs and smiled as she finally reached the ladies. It seemed that everyone else had had the same idea and the queue spiralled around outside and along the corridor. Ruth didn’t have time to wait as she turned and looked at the countdown on the large computer screen in the centre of the atrium. Seven minutes until the service started. She glanced at the queue and knew immediately she would never reach the front, use the toilet and get back on stage before the service began.

Thinking quickly she wondered if the other toilets at the rear of the building might be quicker. She walked as fast as she could on her shiny high heels down the first aisle, behind the stage and along a corridor to the rear entrance and was almost at the toilets there when her dad saw her and called her name. Ruth couldn’t ignore her dad, not even when she needed the bathroom, so she paused and headed to him instead. He only wanted to let Ruth know that she was a crucial part of the ministry team and he sensed God wanted to use her mightily and powerfully this morning and to listen to God’d voice and be bold to respond.

He then placed his arm around his daughter’s shoulder and led her through the door she had just come out of and on into the sanctuary and onto the stage. Ruth couldn’t protest as she now no longer had time to use the toilet anyway and she would just need to go later. She followed her dad on stage and took her place behind the keyboard ready for the service to begin.

Standing behind the keyboard she tensed her muscles whenever the need pushed through her mind and subtly moved from foot to foot in time to the music. Concentrating on the words and playing, her growing need seemed to go to the back of her mind as she moved in worship and sang her heart out in praise. As she sat down finally, filling the seat on stage completely with her body as her thighs touched either side of the chair pushing her legs together. Standard chairs and fuller figures were not the best of combinations but Ruth was none the less comfortable, if warm, as she picked up her Bible and travel mug as her dad took the microphone.

Listening to her dad praying publicly for those caught in floods in Africa suddenly reminded Ruth’s bladder that it was wanting to flood too. Ruth shuffled restlessly in her seat, grateful the vast majority of people had their eyes closed in prayer. She couldn’t recall feeling this full ever in a service, especially at the beginning, as she looked down at the thousands of people in the congregation and the cameras all around. If she’d been in the congregation she could have easily slipped out to the toilet but on stage that was unthinkable. She’s just need to wait.

Ruth tried her best to give her dad and what he was preaching her full attention. She crossed her ankles, bit her lip, wriggled as much as the small tight seating would allow and crossed her legs restlessly as her dad went on and on and on. By midday she had finished her second travel mug as she rubbed her lower tummy and realised just how much liquid she was holding. She mentally thought about different ways she could slip off stage and run to the toilets as between her legs moistened with sweat and pressure.

She looked at where the cameras were pointing thinking if the shots were all facing her dad she could step quickly down the stairs and out the side door, but alas one key camera was scanning across the stage regularly, frequently stepping at her. Then she thought about running quickly off when her dad said ‘amen’ but since he always ended the service with a song, which she was due to lead, she couldn’t be missing and embarrass her dad like that, especially not live on TV. She had no choice really but to wait until the whole service was over.

She wriggled and squeezed more, unable to really focus on what her dad was preaching, until someone caught her attention. Grace smiled right at her and Ruth immediately recalled what her friend had said before the service started: ‘The Devil has a way to distract you, drag you away, entice you...you will be pulled so much...so strongly...so powerfully...’ but this wasn’t the Devil, it was her bladder, her desperate need to pee that was doing it. Could the Devil use your own body to get you away from God? All Ruth knew was she didn’t ever want to disobey God but she also really needed to use a toilet so very badly right now. So badly she rested her hand between her legs and used her Bible to hide what she was doing as she tried to focus on her father’s preaching.

It was only then she realised he was talking about self control. He was talking about a bible verse Ruth couldn’t recall ever reading, despite the fact she’d read her Bible cover to cover several times.

Proverbs 25 verse 28 ‘Like a city whose walls are broken through, is a person who lacks self control.’

Ruth clenched tightly as her dad spoke louder and more enthusiastically about the importance of not allowing the walls of your life to break, keeping the barrier closed, keeping the city protected. He animatedly shared about not allowing the enemy to break your mind or your body, holding steadfast to self control because broken walls let out a huge flood that you will always regret.

It just all served to shadow the silent inner battle Ruth felt as she restlessly and quietly sat behind her dad holding a torrent of pee pent up inside her as she fought to keep her own private city wall, her urethra, from not breaking. The pressure was unlike anything she had witnessed or experienced, the urge to just give up on sitting still, to disgrace herself by holding herself, to embarrass herself and her father by rushing off stage. Yet as she restlessly sat there struggling to prevent a major accident, that only her own self control was preventing, she wondered if she really cared about God, her ministry and her dad at all.

Of course she did! It was just the relentless pushing and screaming from her bladder, the sweat on her palms and the thumping of her own heart that was making it so hard to hear anything but her own voice yelling for release.

As her dad concluded his sermon encouraging the waited congregation and the hundreds watching live worldwide to surrender to God and let Him help them to be self controlled, to develop the highest of integrity, to not allow their walls to be broken, Ruth knew it was time to raise from her seat and gently play her keyboard once again, as the rest of the music group made their way on stage too.

As Ruth stood she pressed her thighs together as tightly as she could as her wall threatened to crack. She was thoroughly and immeasurably full, so desperate to urinate, so incredibly needy. Tears formed in her eyes, not from the movement of the Holy Spirit, but more from a terrifying fear that self control was no longer in her power. Her own heart beat so fast and hard she could barely hear her fathers voice.

Could she do it? She honestly didn’t know. Could she hold on just a little longer? No longer just a battle between her mind and bladder but now between good and evil, obeying or disobeying, self control or defiance, remaining dry or wetting...

Ruth flicked her long curly hair in embarrassment as she felt a dribble escape as she turned on her keyboard and started playing. She thought about her long sparkly dress and the curves under it, the generous body, beautiful breasts and excruciatingly full bladder as she gave her whole self into the song and the words of the chorus...

Her voice quivering, her pelvis aching, her bladder pulsating...dribbles running down warmly from her knickers through her tights..she sang her heart out...

“I surrender all.I surrender all. All to Jesus, I surrender..,I surrender all...”

Tearful crowds gathered at the front as Ruth restlessly played on, her own battle crushing beneath her, her city walls cracking slowly and splendidly as her shoes squelched with the outward sign that she was nothing more than a city with broken walls. Ruth slid her shoes off and continued on as Grace’s eyes met hers and tears poured down her face.

Her father noticed and motioned for her to come towards him, Ruth, more aware than ever of the warm urine congregated in her black nylon tights gathered all around her feet, and the smell and glistening of her her bodily fluid she had tried so hard to hold back. In humiliation and devastation she cried like a baby as Grace held her and prayed with her.

Hearing her dad take the microphone loud and clear Ruth was comforted by his wise words:

‘Walls can be rebuilt. Cities can be protected again. No-one is perfect and God knows we are human. Don’t let one failure stop the anointing. Forgive yourself, as God has forgiven you.’

Suddenly Ruth inexplicably needed the bathroom suddenly again, this time making it just in time as her body released another huge torrent as she pulled off her underwear and tights and placed the soaking items in the sanitary bin and dabbed herself down with toilet paper. After washing her face she walked back in to the still crowded room bare foot but so much lighter and happier than before.

Even the most self controlled person had their limits, as restless Ruth learnt that Sunday.

