A desprite interview

Author: macgyversgirl

*000*2019-08-18 12:00

The boys had had a busy day of interviews. Niall knew it was going to be a bad day when he woke up late after sleeping through his alarm clock and having the boys banging on his hotel door telling him he had 2 minutes to get ready. As the car was already down stairs so he missed breakfast and didn't have a chance to have his morning wee. While in the car heading to the interview, Harry hands Niall a breakfast bar and some water which he eats and drinks gratefully.

Ten minutes later all the water he had drunk had made it's way to his already full bladder. Niall hoped by the time they got to the place they were doing the interview he would have time to go to the bathroom. A 20 minute car ride felt like 2 hours to Niall. His bladder was in so much pain he couldn't actually remember a time he actually needed to go as bad as this, although he knew how Harry felt all the times he said he was bursting for the toilet.

Niall had never been so happy when he saw them pulling up outside of the tv studio. But it wasn't his lucky day because as soon as he tried to go find a toilet, he was taken to hair and make up and before he knew it, he was sat on the sofa with the other 3 guys. Niall felt like crying he was in that much pain. The interview soon began and Niall could not stop moving about. Harry looked at Niall and guessed what was up but not guessing how bad he had to go.

Niall continued to try focus on what the interviewer was saying, but he was to busy trying to keep his pants dry. He looked up at the clock and saw that they were only about 5 minutes into the hour long interview. He wasn't going to make it. Beads of sweat formed on his forehead and he was beginning to feel sick from the pain and pressure. Liam nudged him as the interview was asking Niall a question but he had totally zoned out. Niall felt a bit of wee leak into his boxers from the shock of Liam nudging him in the side.

"Can I go to the toilet" said Niall really fast as he squeezed his thighs together, hoping no more will come out and was glad nothing was showing on his jeans.

The interviewer looked at Niall "You want to leave the interview to go to the toilet? You know that's not very professional" she says

"Please" said Niall hoping she'd let him go as he felt another bit leak out. He had never felt so embarrassed in his life.

"You're a big boy I'm sure you can wait until the interview is over" she snaps

"If Niall is interrupting an interview to use the bathroom it means he has to go now, not in 45 minutes time", Harry says

"Unless you want him weeing all over this nice sofa" said Louis

Niall groaned at them mentioning weeing, which was not helping him. He had his legs crossed tight and his hands now firmly buried in his crotch.

"Can we just have a 5 minute break and then we can start the interview over" said Liam

"You're just a bunch of kids, you're not professional music people at all" snaps the interviewer

"Fine by me, come on Niall let's get you to that toilet" said Louis

"I can't move" whimpers Niall

"He is not going on this sofa" shouts the interviewer

"Just shut up you're not helping him" snaps Harry

The interviewer storms off yelling at the boys.

The boys are trying to help Niall as best they can. He's now got tears falling down his face.

"It's gonna be okay Ni. It just us now" said Liam "We're gonna help you to stand slowly"

With the help of Harry and Liam, Niall manages to stand up but that's all it takes for Niall's bladder to give way and it comes pouring out of him, soaking his jeans, shoes, and socks and leaving a big puddle on the floor. Niall bursts into loud sobs saying he's sorry.

"Its okay Ni, it's not your fault it was just an accident. We'll get you all cleaned up" said Louis gently

"I'll go ask Paul if he can find some clean clothes for him" said Harry running off.

Liam and Louis took Niall to the dressing room and cleaned him up as Harry came back with some fresh clothes.

"Paul's going to cancel the rest of the interviews today. He's going to say Ni is sick" said Harry

"That's good"

The rest of the day was spent back at the hotel watching movies and chilling out.

