Heavy Sleeper

Author: MapleFeather12

*000*2021-09-12 04:17

Hey hey, another one of my sweet boi, Bedwetting is one of my favorite types of stories to write, since it gives you alot of options, and yes, its my fluffy boi Bluey again, also all of these from now on are gonna have his little imagine at the bottom-

It was a dark and rainy night, rain gently bouncing against the clear, curtain covered window that filtered little to no natural light, Bluey was laying in bed cuddled up close to Moss, their feline friend. Bluey blinked softly as he snuggled in deeper into the blankets and Mosses grasp, he was very short, being the size of a toddler, so Moss was able to hug him like a plushie, but not squeeze him. Bluey closed his eyes, tiredness causing his body to become heavy against the cushiony bed, and the warm blanket kept him from moving much, he rolled onto his back and stretched out with a yawn, allowing his head to gently tip to one side as he drifted off to sleep.

When he awoke, he found himself standing on a sunny, sandy shore, the waves in the distance echoed in his slightly floppy ears. The sand felt good on his bare paws, and the light commotion of people bounced around the beach, Bluey started walking up against the shore, light droplets of saltwater splashing from the ocean water that gently rose up onto the shore, then slid back down. He felt a familiar jolt in his bladder, he glanced around at the people spending their time at the beach, he didnt see Moss among them, a worried feeling stirred in his gut as he continued to walk, his bladder becoming heavy and full. Bluey decided to get away from the ocean, its crashing waters bugged him greatly, he couldnt help but bounce lightly as he climbed onto the sandy shore, he was rapidly becoming more and more desperate, and he didnt like it.

He speed walked around the shore, maybe he could find someone to help him, or maybe even find Moss, he hoped he could find his friend. He came to a rough, wobbly stop as his bladder twinged harshly whatever was inside sloshing around. Bluey squirmed grabbing himself tightly with a blush, he pulled down his oversized yellow sweater to try to hide his squirming and bouncing legs from the other people. Bluey kept walking, he prayed he could find somewhere, anywhere to go, he didnt even care if it was a bathroom, just somewhere private, Bluey wondered why he was alone out here, Moss would never leave him alone without saying, the thought poked at him until he suddenly tripped over something and fell face first into the sand, or so he thought he would, instead it just went black.

The light sound of rain gently tapping agaisnt the glass, and the shuffle of leaf-filled tree branches filled his ears within the darkness, he opened his eyes to find himself staring at the dark ceiling of the bedroom, it had been a dream. Bluey sighed not feeling the desperation he had felt so vividly in his dream, it was like he actually had to pee, he felt warm under the covers, surprisingly more warm around the leg area, he sat up and moved the blanket out the way to find a huge, warm wet patch staining his fur, abit of his sweater, and the bed. Bluey nearly yelped at the sight, this was probably why his dream desperation felt so real, because he forgot to pee before getting into bed that night, he had actually needed to pee and somehow didnt realize it. Poor fluffy boi

$$

