The Holding Day ! - Page 2

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-12-07 09:50

{{8 hours ago, david_578 said:

I think she's going to lose control now,... either he lets her go, or she goes without "permission"... or her poor bladder is too worn out and she starts to leak uncontrollably.

I've held it for 26 hours myself before... 28 was actually my longest. I tried to wait until 30 hours and it was just impossible and I ended up with wet pants!

}}

28 hours is pretty good!!!

What a pity that you couldn’t last 2 hours longer.

Was it painful for you to hold it for so long?

Are you still holding it sometimes for very long periods of time?

I did like to do that as well.

*001*2024-12-09 21:39

Lisa‘s bladder was so over full and it was getting so much tortured, pressed, pushed, massaged from outside and poked with Mikes dick from inside, that it was overstressed.

It did last a while until it recovered, but how could it recover when it was getting fuller and fuller from minute to minute.

Her bladder was like a solid ball inside and outside of her sexy belly.

She was used to hold it, but now her urge and her need to wee were stronger than ever before in her entire life.

Until now she was holding it at her „holding days „ how long she wanted and she decided when she went to the loo, but now she wanted to go, but she was not allowed.

She was needing to wee so unbelievably bad, but he didn’t let her go.

That was absolutely new for her, on one hand awesome, but on the other hand exciting as well, she was a little bit masochist.

She was calming down and began obey her new boyfriend and master, but she didn’t know how long she would be able to do it.

She wanted to test his dominance and her ability to torture herself and said truthful „Mike, i need to wee sooooo very, very bad, let me to the toilet.“

“No, absolutely no! You promised me that you will show me how long a girl can endure without to wee, now show it to me! Cross your sexy legs and squeeze your slit tight and hold it!!“answered the horny boy.

He did know very well that the poor girl didn’t wee since 27 hours and it was turning him on very much. He was curious how much longer she can stand it.

The thin girl was like a proband for girls pee holding endurance.

*002*2024-12-10 22:04

Only a imagination!

I imagine to meet Lisa and Mike in a shopping mall at one afternoon.

I talk with Mike about sports and about anything else and Lisa is standing beside us with crossed legs and sometimes with rubbing knees.

“Is your girl needing to go to the loo? Is she needing to wee?“ i ask.

“Yes, quite certain pretty urgently .“ answered Mike.

“And why does she not go?“ i ask curious.

“Today is her holding and training day.“ answered Mike.

“What does that mean?“ i wanted to know.

“Once in a month she is holding her pee as long as she can to train her sphincter and her bladder.

At those days she skip her morning pee, that means that she didn’t wee since yesterday evening.

I think she is already full to burst. Now you know why she has to cross her legs.“ answered Mike.

I think that a lot of us would like to hear that and to see Lisa cross her sexy legs!!!??

*004*2024-12-19 21:52

{{On 12/13/2024 at 8:49 PM, Ewulf said:

I like your story! Your writing is very similar to Huberp

}}

I am glad that you like my story and i like the stories of Huberp as well.

