Darren and Charlotte (The beginning)

Author: Mr.Guy

*010*2025-02-05 08:05

Sorry for the delay everyone but I finally got the next chapter done! Let me know how you all like it and if I should keep going with this story. You all have definitely gave me inspiration with all of your reactions and replies. Thank you all so very much!

###

Prologue

Was this really happening? Is my girlfriend really about to let me do this to her? I never imagined in my life to be sharing…… and experiencing one of the greatest fantasies I could ever dream of at the expense of my beautiful girl… How could I ever repay her…..

Darren and Charlotte

Chapter 2 (Movie Night)

The days and weeks following our first date (if you want to call it that) were the best days of my life. We were hanging out every day and I could not get enough of her. Unfortunately, I did not work up the courage to tell her about my fetish. I wanted to soo bad. I wanted to tell her that the first day we hung out was the hottest thing I have ever seen and done. Charlotte was the first person I have ever seen completely pee themselves and I could not stop thinking about it. I wanted her to know everything. It’s just excruciatingly hard to tell the first person your deepest secret when you’ve been hiding it for essentially…. Forever.

We ended up officially dating. I felt so lucky to call her my girlfriend. We did absolutely everything together. Eventually, we were allowed to live off base if we wanted to, so Charlotte and I decided to rent a house together. During this time there really was not anything eventful in regards to her having to pee desperately bad aside from one occasion when we were moving our stuff into our house and she forgot to use the bathroom when we left to get another load. She ended up making it in time (Unfortunately) but just barely. So instead, I focused on our relationship and tried to push those thoughts in the back of my mind for now. I was, however, planning on telling her relatively soon since we just moved in together. I know I should have done it sooner but again… I couldn’t work up the courage.

We were just a happy young couple trying to figure out life. Our sex life was amazing. We were like a couple of bunny rabbits going at it every day, multiple times a day. I thought I was seriously dried out. My balls hurt every day from the amount of sex we were having and Charlotte loved knowing she had that effect on me. So here we were… living together, getting to know each other on a much deeper level and having lots of sex. That about sums up our lives together at this point. Everything changed though and took a rather different turn one day that would change my life forever yet again and I was completely caught off guard…

After a few months of living together we were hanging out one evening at home after work watching a movie.

“Darren...?” She said. “I am curious about something. I know we have a lot of sex and our sex life is amazing but…. I just want to know.” She was smiling at me like she always did when she had naughty thoughts.

“Ummm… OK. What would you like to know?” We both faced each other on the couch. She was wearing short pink athletic shorts and a baggy white T shirt. I was genuinely curious and I had no idea what she was about to ask.

“Well, we’ve been dating for a while now and really haven’t talked about it.… You haven’t really mentioned anything in particular.”

I gave her a puzzled look. “What do you mean I haven’t mentioned anything? I have no clue what you are talking about.” I was nervously laughing.

“Ok soooo do you remember our first day together and how I mentioned every guy has a kink? Even nervous guys like you? Well, you never told me anything you like except for different sex positions and outfits you like to see me in. Don’t get me wrong, I like that you like to see me in that way…. I just feel there is something more to you that you’re not telling me and I can’t quite put my finger on it.”

Holy shit… I knew she was onto something. She is beating me to the punch. I knew she sensed something else. I am surprised though, She didn’t catch on when I pulled her into me on our first day together and rammed my hard cock into her bladder and forced her to piss her jeans. She was probably in so much shock she didn’t even notice.

“I mean… You pretty much know everything Charlotte. We’ve tried a lot of stuff together and I always tell you if I like it or not.”

“Yea, I know you do but I just feel…. There is something missing. Like you’re afraid to tell me.” She put her hand on my leg “Look… if there is something you like I would love to know. You don’t have to be nervous with me Darren. I promise your secret is safe with me and I won’t judge you for it.”

I was in absolute shock. My face felt so hot and I knew it was bright red. My heart was pounding out my chest, my mouth went dry and my armpits were sweating profusely.

“Umm… I don’t know what to say Charlotte… I mean…. Well….. there is something… But I’ve never told anyone before and it’s kinda weird.” Am I honestly about to tell this girl about my darkest fantasies? What if she rejects me? What if she tells her friends? I Couldn’t live with the embarrassment.

“I knew there was something more to you!!” Her face had a big smile and her mouth was open. “Darren…. It’s ok to tell me. I PROMISE I won’t judge you. You are the sweetest guy I’ve ever met and I know this won’t change anything.” I knew she was dying to know what it is. I was speechless right now.

“Look Charlotte… I have never spoken of this to anyone and I am always in constant conflict with how I feel about this…” My face was beat red. Her hand was rubbing my thigh trying to give me reassurance that I can be open and honest with her.

“You can tell me Darren. Trust me. Plus, I am really curious to know another side of you and I would be honored if I was the first person you told. You can finally let it out in the open.” Her smile faded and turned into a sympathetic look.

“OK…. I do have a small….. kink… or fetish if you want to call it that.”

“A fetish?... Ok… now you really do have my curiosity up. Now I need to know.” She started smiling again.

“Yes… Soo you actually fulfilled one of my fantasies on our first day together without you realizing it. And I’m sorry in advance because….well…. I kind of had a part to play in it happening.”

“Wait what? I already did it for you on our first day? What do you mean? Now you got me confused… I’m trying to think of anything I did…” She was looking up to the ceiling with her hand on her chin. “The only thing that was different… I mean the whole day was unexpected… but the only thing that was unusual was the fact that I had to pee really bad and I had an accident outside my dorm room door.”

“Yes… you are on the right track.” I was nervously looking down.

“Soo does me peeing my pants have anything to do with it?” She really was trying to figure it out. I could tell she was trying to solve a puzzle. I just need to tell her. Get it over with and see what happens.

“Ummm yea.. you could say that… Ok Charlotte.. I’m going to tell you and I won’t hold any judgement from you and if you decide to leave……..”

She put her hand to my mouth “I’m not going to leave you. I’m glad you are opening up to me. I WANT you to open up to me. Now… you can tell me but you have to promise you won’t talk about me leaving or judging you anymore.”

“Ok.. deal. Alright…. So ever since I was a teenager….” I took a deep breath. Here we go. “I’ve enjoyed it when attractive women have to pee really bad. It turns me on to see them struggle. It especially turns me on when they don’t make it to the bathroom on time. I don’t know why it turns me on so much but it does.”

Her face lit up like a Christmas tree. Her mouth dropped and she had the biggest surprised grin on her face. “Wait so you’re telling me you were getting off to me when I was bursting for the bathroom both to and from the beach?”

“Yes…. Very much so.”

“Wow… Darren… I would never have guessed.. I’m not going to lie, it is a little different but it’s really not that crazy of a kink. There are MUCH crazier ones out there… trust me.” She was still rubbing my leg. “I honestly feel a little bad. I didn’t know you were in your own world when I was trying not to pee myself. I was so worried about not peeing in your car that I didn’t notice the hints.”

“Charlotte, thank you for letting me open up to you. And yes… I was extremely turned on by you and it was really hard for me to contain myself and act normal.”

“Hey.. It’s ok. You are allowed to be turned on by that. I’m glad I can make you feel that way. It’s actually kinda sexy that you can get so turned on by me just simply holding my pee. It definitely gives me ideas…. You know… for the future.” She gave me mischievous smile. “I will admit that what you did to me in the shower and the bed was the best anyone has made me feel ever….. It felt absolutely amazing Darren… And I’m not just saying that to make you feel better.”

“Soo you’re ok with this? Are you sure? I don’t ever want to force you to do something you’re not comfortable with despite how much I want it.” I was so relieved but still nervous. I also started to get an erection just by talking to her about this.

“Darren… Of course I’m OK with it. You’re not forcing me to do anything I PROMISE. If I do, I promise I will tell you ok? I just need to know one thing…”

“Sure, What would you like to know?”

“You said you had a hand to play in what happened to me? What did you mean by that?”

Oh shit. Here we go. I hope she isn’t too upset about the truth… “Well…. I…. uhh…. Kinda got the drinks at the gas station on purpose. I saw you shifting around at the diner and at our dorm rooms so I purposefully didn’t mention the bathroom and suggested you to drink more on our way down.”

“WOW!! You dirty dog!!” She hit my arm. “Yea.. I never would have guessed but it does make sense thinking back on it. All the hints were there telling me. Yes, I did have to pee at the diner and I’m not sure why I didn’t just go. I guess its because I didn’t want to ruin the day but in reality I was giving you the time of your life! Haha.” She was laughing which gave me a bit of relief. “Well… I’m glad you got some enjoyment out of it. I really was bursting though. I’ve never had to pee that bad in my life. I bet you loved it when I was peeing myself in front of the bathroom door!”

“Yes I was. I almost came in my pants watching you.” I gestured towards my now erect penis.

“Wow… Is that why you pulled me in close and kissed me? I distinctly remember your hard cock ramming into my bladder. Was that on purpose too?” She reached over and gently pushed on my penis.

“Yes it was. I am sorry though… I couldn’t help myself. I knew you weren’t going to make it and I needed you so bad in that moment. I wanted to make you pee your jeans. It was just so…. Sexy watching you. It was the hottest thing I’ve ever seen.”

“Ehh don’t be sorry.” She shrugged her shoulders “You’re right, I was not going to make it anyway. I was already slowly leaking in my pants when you kissed me and what you did just made the inevitable happen quicker. It felt good to finally let it go anyway. I was so worried about pissing myself that I didn’t question why your penis was so hard. I should have known!!” She slapped her forehead. “So, I am curious. What about women holding their pee turns you on so much?”

“Umm…. I really don’t know to be honest with you. It just turns me on, I guess… I started feeling this way when I hit puberty and it really never left. You could say seeing you vulnerable and not being able to do anything about it plays a factor. Seeing you get more and more uncomfortable when you don’t have a choice is really sexy and ending up losing complete control over the situation just sends me over the edge. I really like seeing the panic and the struggle set in over time and continuously get worse and worse until you can’t control it anymore. I really do feel bad for feeling this way. I shouldn’t get enjoyment out of someone else’s discomfort but it’s not something I can control or turn off when I want.”

“Hey.. You are allowed to be turned on by this. I really don’t mind Darren, I promise. And I promise not to tell anyone else. This will be between you and me. Our little secret. Now I can tease you whenever I want when I want and there is nothing you can do about it!”

“You are so naughty.. you know that Charlotte?”

“Not as naughty as watching women hold their pee until they pee themselves Darren.”

We both started laughing and we ended up hugging each other. I thanked her over and over again for accepting my weird kink. We started making out and my hands were groping her breasts. I was almost as hard as I was the first day we met.

I was laying on top of her on the couch “Soo Darren… All I have to do is drink a bunch of water to turn you on like this.” She was squeezing my penis through my jeans. “How easy. This gives me so many ideas. I want to see you like you were on our first day… What do I need to do to get that to happen again? Drink all this water?” She grabbed her 42oz water bottle and was shaking it in front of me.

“Well that would definitely be a good start! Are you sure you want to see that side of me again? A different person came out of me and I want to warn you in advance.”

“Yes I do. I want to experience what you’re capable of… I kind of like to be… well…. Ravaged as you know already…” She said to me with a little shyness in her voice. “How about this…. What if we planned something this weekend? I want you to do whatever you want to me. You can choose what I wear and everything. I want to be surprised and not know what you’re planning. And yes…. I’m ok with anything…..”

“Holy shit… are you sure Charlotte? ANYTHING?” My mind was racing… So many ideas… so many opportunities…

“Yes Darren…. Anything.” She whispered into my ear and then proceeded to give me a hard kiss. She then got up, walked to the bathroom, and left the door open for the first time. “I guess its safe to assume that my bathroom access won’t be as accessible to me this weekend?” She said as the pulled her shorts down and sat on the toilet. She started peeing while watching me. “Does it bother you that I made it to the bathroom on time?”

“I have no words for you right now Charlotte. You are playing a dangerous game…” my heart was beating so fast. Her finally knowing my secret is definitely giving me so many emotions. She got up and flushed the toilet.

“I guess I better cherish my bathroom access for the rest of the week. I will have to see just how dangerous you really are… I am bursting with excitement.” Jesus, she really is trying to get me worked up.

She came back to me sitting on the couch and straddled me. “Is it bad that I like to tease you like this?” she was whispering in my ear again and it sent shivers down my spine. My hands were all over her and her breathing became heavy.

“Charlotte…. I want you to know that I don’t know what I’m going to do to you on Saturday yet, but one thing is for certain.. You are going to piss yourself like you did on our first day and I hope you are ready because you will be struggling all day long.” My other side of me was starting to rear his head.

Her eyes were closed as I was fondling her breasts. She always loves it when I grope her. It gets her in the mood almost instantly. “Well…. I guess I will just have to hold it then. I will hold it as long as I want. You’re going to cum in your pants before I even think about peeing myself. We will see who holds out longer…”I then lifted her up while she was still sitting on me and carried her to the bedroom. Lets just say we had a long night of fun and games… I couldn’t wait for Saturday. I was already working up a plan for her and yes, she is going to be struggling a LOT but after everything is all said and done, I will make sure she feels every inch of me and how it truly makes me feel.

The next couple of days were pure torture. There is nothing I could focus on other than Charlotte. To add to it, she kept teasing me about it and getting me worked up more and more every day. When we would watch a movie, she would make sure to drink a lot and hold it throughout the entire movie. Then she would get up to use the bathroom and let me hear how bad she had to pee.

“Holy crap Darren… I really had to go! Good thing this bathroom is here for me to use. I don’t know what I would have done if someone stopped me… I’m just glad I have a boyfriend who cares about me making it in time… if not… who knows what could happen.” This is all she would do all week long just teasing me. I was half tempted to hold her down and force her to hold it but I wanted to save it for the big show. I was letting her get me worked up so she knows exactly what she signed up for. I wanted her… I wanted to punish her….

She would also text me pictures while she was at work of her chugging water and pictures of herself doing the pee dance. I kept telling her every time she does stuff like that makes it worse for her this weekend. All she would say in response was “Good…. Maybe I need a punishment to put me back in my place!”

Friday came around and I had all my plans ready. I needed some ‘tools’ to execute it properly so I went down to the local hardware store on my way home from work to pick everything up. I would get home before her so I was able to set up my plans perfectly. I won’t spoil the surprise for you all reading so you will have to see what happens just like Charlotte is going to find out on Saturday and possible Sunday if my needs are not satiated enough.

Charlotte came home from work and we greeted each other like normal. A kiss on the lips, a slap on the ass and a hug. We decided we wanted to go out for a movie tonight since its Friday. She got dressed in one of her famous pair of tight black yoga pants with a pair of light pink cotton panties with little hearts on them. I didn’t tell her that when she bends over, her panties show a little through the yoga pants. Maybe she did it on purpose.. I don’t know but I liked it. Her top was a matching low cut pink V-neck shirt and of course a pink bra. She was just full of pink today!

“Ready to go Charlotte?” I asked as she was pulling the shirt over her head. I was obviously staring at her breasts in her pink pushup bra.

“As soon as you stop staring at me you can put on your shoes and then we will be ready!” She sarcastically replied with a grin on her face.

“Sorry but I can’t help it… I NEED to look at you.. You’re just too beautiful to pass on that opportunity.”

“You know Darren… You’re such a perv. But I like it.”

“I will enter a guilty plea on that charge.” God my jokes are horrible. I will not be winning any comedy shows anytime soon.

“Whatever you say… perv…. Anyways lets go before we miss the movie.”

We made our way to the movies, got our tickets, and waited in line to get popcorn. Charlotte turned to me. “Hey… Can we get separate drinks? I hate sharing with you every time and maybe I want something different than you.” She was obviously smiling at me and giving me a VERY mischievous look. I knew what she was doing but I couldn’t call her out with all these people around.

“Of course you can babe! I will make sure to get us extra large sodas so we don’t have to get up during the movie and if you happen to drink it all… which by the way…. I expect you will… I will be kind enough to refill it for you!”

“Thanks Darren… I’m so glad you are my kind and gentle boyfriend who always looks out for me!” she then hugged me tight and let my hard cock press right into her belly like it did on our first day. She knew EXACTLY what she was doing. We then made our way up, got our drinks and found our seats in the theater. Since this was a Disney movie she wanted to see and it was PACKED. And our seats were in the middle towards the back. I’m just glad she brought a blanket with us because I can’t let anyone see what is going on in my pants.

This movie theater had the reclinable seats with the middle arm rest that can be lifted to make it a ‘sofa’ style seat. We obviously lifted the arm rest and cuddled up next to each other under the blanket. She immediately grabbed her extra large soda, proceeded to stare right into my eyes and chug it through her straw. During this, she reached her other hand under the blanket and started stroking my cock through my jeans.

“Be careful Charlotte.” I said as I was trying to not make it obvious she was stroking my hard cock under our blanket.

“Why do I need to be careful? I’m just sooo thirsty! I can’t help it. I actually might need another refill before the movie even starts. You might have to get up soon and get it for me. Good thing you shouldn’t have any ‘problems’ doing that for me.” She said this as she squeezed my cock hard knowing I would be walking past people with a major hard on.

I whispered in her ear. “You know… tomorrow is a big day for both of us and I just want to warn you about teasing me the day before. We don’t want ‘two’ accidents now do we? You don’t want to embarrass yourself here in the movie.” I reached my hand under the blanket and pressed against her between her legs. I could feel the heat emanating from her. She took a deep breath in and closed her eyes.

She whispered back in my ear as I was pressing my fingers against her through her yoga pants. “If…ahh… I’m going to be uncomfortable… Maybe I want you to be a little uncomfortable too. Now… take my empty cup… get the fuck up… and refill it… I want to see how you handle yourself in a crowd of people.”

I could feel the wetness damp her pants just a little and I know it wasn’t from pee. I pressed my hand hard against her. She squeaked a little “Ohgod.” She said as another couple looked at us with a concerning look.

“Don’t worry.. I will get you ALL the drinks you could ask for. Just try not to distract the other guests, ok? They are here to enjoy the movie and not listen to a random woman moaning in the crowd.” I then proceeded to adjust my hard on to make it less noticeable and got up to get her refill. Once I returned she looked at me with a beaming smile.

“Thank you Darren, you are too kind.” She said playfully.

“It was my utmost pleasure, Charlotte. You never ever have to worry about asking me to get you refills for anything.” She then nestled back into my shoulder and rested her hand right on the inside of my thigh but made sure not to touch my hard on. She took her other hand and picked up the drink and started chugging again.

She leaned over to me a little closer “Hey… what if I told you I already have to pee a little… all this soda is racing through me and filling my tiny little bladder. I sure don’t want to miss any important parts of the movie.” My cock jumped back up at attention again. “I guess I will just have to hold it the entire movie and hope the bathrooms don’t have a long line when were done.”

“Charlotte… you are so bad you know that? You know you don’t have to do this for me tonight. I have big….. plans….. for tomorrow.”

“I know I don’t have to do this… but I want to… I want to see you squirming just like I’m going to be in about an hour. Plus I am very excited and a little nervous for tomorrow and it makes me unbelievably horny to see you like this. It’s just so easy with you and it makes it so much more fun.”

“Well, I am not complaining in the least bit. I just want you to know that I am very attracted to you Charlotte… and to be honest… I am so turned on right now. Thank you for doing this for me. I can’t wait until you are bursting in those yoga pants…”

“You’re welcome… I really don’t mind. Just know I’m going to be really bursting soon. I can already feel my bladder filling up. Look at my tummy.. I’ve never drank so much soda at once!” I looked down and sure enough she was telling the truth. Her tummy was very bloated and I couldn’t help but imagine all that soda in her bladder ready to burst out of those pants and down her legs.

The movie finally started and I really couldn’t focus on anything else but Charlotte. She kept sipping her soda, her hand was right next to my throbbing penis, and I kept my hand in between her legs waiting to feel her start to shift in her seat. She was enjoying the movie and I was glad she was still having a good time despite my weird turn ons.

About 45 minutes into the movie, I felt her legs squeeze my hand. I knew her desperation has finally started. She looked at me..

“Darren…” She whispered. “I’m starting to have to pee really bad…”

“I know….” I whispered back “I feel your leg squeezing my hand and your left leg is shaking. You better not get up and keep holding. You’re not allowed to pee yet.” I took my fingers and started rubbing her between her legs. She quickly rammed her legs together.

“Darren….. Stop… it’s making it worse….”

“But does it feel good for me to do that?” As I kept pressing my fingers against her.

“Yes it does… I just have to pee… if you make me cum I’m going to piss in this seat….” She was now fidgeting hard. Her hand was over my hand but she didn’t pull my hand away from rubbing her.

“Well I guess you will just have to manage somehow.” My finger found her clit through her pants and I pressed really hard and started to massage it. I knew her desperation was reaching high levels.

“HolyfuckDarren.” She said like it was one word. She tried to keep whispering but I knew it was getting hard for her. “You can’t surprise me like that…. Not right now… Oh God.. I have to pee…” her eyes were closed and her breathing was labored.

“If you keep your eyes closed, you’re going to miss the movie. You’re not going to know what’s happening baby.” I could feel the pre cum in my pants. She reached over and grabbed my dick so hard I almost jumped out of my seat.

“I can’t hold it much longer.. I’m either going to piss myself before the movie ends or were going to have to take this somewhere else. Just know…. If you keep rubbing me like that trying to make me piss my pants, I’m going to make you cum where you sit in your pants mister!” Her legs were jammed together and I could feel her leg muscles contracting in cycles against my hand. Charlottes hand was squeezing my hard dick like it was a stress ball and it was almost sending me over the edge.

“I know you can’t hold it much longer… that’s the point you little slut. You better keep holding or you’re going to be punished even more than you already are tomorrow.” I was in pure bliss…. God this woman is so fucking sexy. The way she looks when she is about to pee herself is so hot.

“I’m trying to hold it…. Darren… I have to pee… this is serious.. I don’t even know if I can make it out of the theater without losing control..” I moved my hand out from in between her legs and she quickly replaced mine with both of her hands. She was rocking back and forth at this point and I just wanted to do one more thing to her before we got up and left.

“Charlotte… I was going to force you to piss yourself in our seat but I’ve decided to go easy on you… but… I need you to do one more thing before we get up and leave.”

“Ok….” She said from under her breath. Her eyes were still closed shut, she was leaning on me and her legs were now crossed. “Please… I’m about to……fuck….. pee any second… what do you want me to do?”

“I know you said you were going to drink as much as you can because of how ‘thirsty’ you were…. But before we get up I need you to finish your drink….. all of it…” Her eyes bulged out of her head as she looked at me.

“Are you….serious? I don’t think I can…. Oh God…. Its about to….. shit…..” I could feel her legs quivering. It was the same as when we were in the car. I knew she couldn’t hold it much longer.

“I am one hundred percent serious… Finish it..” I picked up her drink and handed it to her. She gave me the most panicked shocked face I’ve ever seen and took it from me staring at the straw poking out of the cup.

“Darren.. I will try.. but I don’t think I can…” She put her lips to the straw and started drinking it as fast as she could. I could hear the muffled breaths coming from her mouth in between gulps. Her other hand was still jammed between her legs. Without her realizing I reached my hand from under the blanket and rested it right on top of her now distended bladder and pressed down.

She immediately winced “Ahh! No…. Darren… I can’t” She stopped drinking and immediately froze. Her eyes were wide and her body was still. I pulled her hand away from her crotch and replaced it with mine. Her pants were wet. She leaked….

“Darren… please… I just leaked… If you do it again….” I used the palm of my hand and pressed against her bladder again. “Oh shit… oh shit… oh shit… I’m leaking Darren… I can’t hold it….” I felt a spurt on my hand. She was losing control and now it’s time to get her out of here.

“Follow me.. quick.” I pulled her up out of the seat. Her one hand was jammed in her crotch and her other was holding mine. She was hunched over and we quickly ran (well she was hobbling) out of the theater in front of everyone while they stared at us with confused looks on their faces. We finally got out of the theater.

“Darren…. I can’t hold it… I need to pee NOW.” I looked down and a small trickle was snaking its way down the inside of her left thigh. I looked around and found the closest side exit. Thankfully the theater was empty right now.

“Over here!” And led her through the exit and outside. Once outside it was pitch black and the only light was a little way down the theater service road that dimly lit us up. She leaned against the side of the building with her legs together. She was hopping up and down and contorting in every way imaginable to stop the impending flood. Now she could talk without whispering.

“DARREN…. DARREN….DARREN…. OH GOD…. AHH….FUCKICANTHOLDIT!!!” Her face was red. I was watching in amazement as she was still leaking in her tight yoga pants trying anything to hold on. She was about to pull her pants down.

“No…” I said as pulled her arms away. I took my hand and sunk my fingers in between her legs again and felt the wetness of her pants. I started rubbing her clit through her soaked crotch.

“Darren! PLEASE…. I’M GOING TO PEE ON YOUR HAND!!!…” As I was rubbing her, I felt her starting to rhythmically move her hips into my fingers. She was enjoying it! Holy shit.. I’m going to make her orgasm like this! I kept rubbing and rubbing and she started to moan in pleasure.

Then I did it…. I slowly took my other hand and rested it right on top of her bladder as I was rubbing her. “Darren… NO! DON’T!!” I was slowly moving my hand around her bladder. I felt how tight it was in her yoga pants. It felt amazing and the waistline of her pants were clearly distended. I took my hand and I gently pushed down. “AHH! SHIT!” I felt a spurt on my hand that was rubbing her. I did it again. I pressed even harder this time. She froze.

“Darren… it’s…. FUCK….. It’s happening… I’m starting to pi……” Then I felt a small trickle against my hand. She went silent as the trickle became a stream. She stopped for a second to try and regain control and I pressed against her bladder for the third time. Then the floodgates opened. She literally could not control it anymore and a waterfall was pouring down her legs. I heard and felt the hissing due to the force of how hard she was peeing. My hand was getting soaked from her accident. Her legs were getting drenched and the concrete around us was completely saturated. I kept rubbing her as she continued peeing.

“Darren… OH GOD… I’M peeing on you!! Don’t you stop FUCKING rubbing!! Holy shit… I’m GOING TO CUM!!” Her hips were aggressively grinding against my fingers, her legs were shaking. She was moaning. I kept grinding my fingers against her and then I felt a jolt… she was starting to orgasm as she continued uncontrollably peeing.

“DARREN… YES ITS HAPPENING… ITS HAPPENING… OH GOD THIS FEELS AMAZING.. PLEASE DON’T STOP!! OH GOD DON’T STOP.” She was moaning loud and I could feel her orgasm against my hand. I continued rubbing as her peeing started to slow down and her grinding came to a halt. Her legs were completely drenched and she looked down to see the mess she made. There was a huge puddle on the ground and her legs and crotch were glistening with all the pee running down them. Her shoes were soaked as she was standing in her puddle. She slumped against the wall and breathed a sigh of relief.

“Holy shit Darren… I’ve never felt that before. I literally had no control over my bladder or my orgasm at the same time…. You pressing on my bladder and rubbing me at the same time was the most intense feeling I’ve ever had..” She looked down and saw my massive hard on through my pants. “I guess we will have to take care of that now. Lets get back to the car you dirty man.”

We raced back to the car, thankfully we were far away where no other cars were. Charlotte opened the back door and pushed my onto my back on the passenger seats. She took off her shoes and socks and climbed on top of me with her wet pants still on. “Is this what you like? To see your woman in soaking wet pants?” Her eyes were staring right into me.

“Yes…”

“You love it when I can’t hold it and make a mess don’t you..”

“Yes… I love it more than you know..”

She unbuttoned my jeans and pulled them down to expose my throbbing cock.

“Look at you. Look at how hard you are.” She then proceeded to grind her wet crotch against my throbbing penis. It was almost unbearable. I wanted and needed her so bad. Feeling her wetness was pure ecstasy.

“I need you Charlotte… I need you….” She had an evil grin on her face knowing I was the one at her mercy. She continued to lightly grind against me knowing it was sending me over the edge.

“What if I kept you like this until tomorrow.. What if I denied you you’re release like you did to me?”

“No.. please… I need it so bad… I need you so bad right now..” I was trying to thrust myself against her and she was lifting herself up to deny me my satisfaction. I was so unbelievably turned on. She then lifted herself up and pulled her pants down and threw them to the side. Her pink panties were soaked and a shade darker. They were clinging to her and gave a clear view of her camel toe. She rested her wet crotch back on my exposed penis.

“Do you like that Darren? How do my wet panties feel against you? How does it feel knowing you caused all of this? How does it feel knowing I completely wet myself because you wouldn’t let me pull my pants down and literally pressed on my bladder to force me to piss and soak my panties?”

“Oh my god Charlotte…. I love it… I love it so much. I want to do this to you every day forever… I love it when you are soaking wet. I love seeing you panic. I love denying you the bathroom until you can’t hold it… Please… I have never been this turned on… I am on the edge of exploding all over your wet panties…” I could feel my cum right on the brink. It was sending shockwaves through me. My entire penis was wet because she wouldn’t stop grinding her wet panties against me.

“Who said you are allowed to cum yet? My little pervert needs to wait just like you forced me to wait.” She then rested all her wait against my penis. God I wanted to be inside of her. I wanted her to feel how hard this is making me.

“Maybe you should wait… Maybe I should keep you horny. What would you do if I did? Maybe I want to see what my man is capable of when he is denied his needs. I think you should be denied your orgasm until tomorrow.”

Oh shit… is she really going to deny me my orgasm until tomorrow? This has never happened to me before. I literally have the most beautiful woman in the world sitting on top of me with her wet panties from the accident I forced her to have against my exposed penis. She has been teasing me all week long and now she is denying me?

“Charlotte… I want to warn you… if you denied me tonight… there would be no mercy tomorrow. I’ve never wanted you or anyone else this bad before. My cock hurts its so hard right now.” The crotch of her wet panties was warm with her arousal and my hard penis against it. It made it even harder to let her get away with this.

She leaned in close right next to my ear and whispered “It’s only fair Darren. You let me piss myself on our first day and you forced me to piss myself tonight. I need to return the favor. What if I told you this was my plan tonight? Maybe.. Just maybe.. I want you to struggle too sometimes but in a different way. You know I need to be ravaged and this is going to get me what I want in the end. Now were going to get up, get dressed and you’re going to take us home and you’re going to deal with that hard cock all night long, ok?” She got up and gave my penis one final squeeze.

“Ok…” I said “Just know… this is not going to be unpunished…” She took the blanket and set it down on the passenger seat and climbed to the front and sat on it with her wet panties.

She looked over to me as I was pulling my pants back on “Trust me… I know. I want you to punish me… but for now you’re the one being punished.”

My balls were literally aching. Is this what blue balls feels like? I don’t know but all I do know is that I’ve never looked at a woman with this much aggressive desire before. I made my way to the driver’s seat. Seeing her sitting in her wet panties in my car was so unbelievably hot and sexy. I literally can’t wait for tomorrow.

I could hardly focus on driving with such a sexy, half naked and wet woman next to me. Her hand was rubbing my thigh as we drove home and it was driving me insane. When we finally made it home, I expected her to put on her pants before exiting the car but to my surprise she got out of the car in just her panties and shirt on and made her way to the front door. It was pitch black outside so I don’t think anyone saw us. All I could look at was her pink wet panties clinging to her ass as she walked in front of me.

Once inside she turned around and looked at me with a seductive smile “I guess I better go shower and clean myself up before bed.” She took off her shirt so she was just standing there exposed in her underwear and slowly walked to the bathroom looking back at me with a smile on her face. I continued to follow her like a puppy dog and when I made it to the bathroom she was slowly peeling off her wet panties. She let them drop to the floor along with her bra and stepped into the hot shower.

“I don’t think I want to allow you to join me mister. It would be too much temptation so you go ahead and get ready for bed and wait for me.” I wanted to touch her so fucking bad. The arousal I had was almost too painful to bear. I made my way to the bedroom and got into bed with my usual pair of shorts. I was so hard it was lifting up our comforter. It took everything I had not to touch myself. If I did, I would have exploded in my shorts.

She finally finished showering and came back to the bedroom with a towel wrapped around her. She went over to her dresser and put on light blue designer lace panties with a tight white tank top that really hugged her breasts. I waited for her to join me in bed.

Once she hopped in bed with me, she rolled away from facing me “I want you to cuddle me Darren.” I didn’t object and scooted right up against her. My still hard cock was pressing against her ass and my arms wrapped around her. She pressed her ass harder against my cock knowing the effect it would have on me. I grabbed her hips and pulled her harder against me

“Ah, Ah, Ah, Darren. Don’t get too touchy. We know where that leads to. You are going to sleep with that hard cock and you’re going to deal with it.”

My whole body was shaking with arousal and anticipation for what I was going to do to her tomorrow. “Ok… I will listen to you but only because I know what’s going to happen tomorrow.”

“Good, I can’t wait to see what you have in store for me. That hard cock of yours better be ready for me tomorrow because I am going to need it. I bet I’m going to be filled up in a couple different ways.”

“I can’t wait.” That’s all I said with a big grin on my face. After a few minutes I started drifting off to sleep. I couldn’t believe I could fall asleep being so horny and filled with desire but I soon felt my eyes closing. I could hear Charlottes breathing becoming heavy and she soon drifted to sleep as well.

I made sure to set my alarm a little earlier to make sure all my plans were set in place. I carefully thought of what I wanted to do and I don’t know if anything was going to change based off of what she did to me today but I was going to make sure she thought so. I probably will be a little more ‘aggressive’ due to how aroused I was and how I want to make sure she is punished to my liking. But for now, I will let her sleep and rest. I just hope that she understands all her peeing rights as of tonight are officially revoked because tomorrow… she will have to earn it…

