[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 11

Author: Misteriousmr

*250*2017-03-31 18:45

Error 404: response not found

###

If you are seeing this message, something went wrong while loading the comment

$$

$$

$$

$$

*252*2017-04-02 11:40

Hehehehe

$$

*253*2017-04-26 21:51

How 'bout a new entry ey? Still no omo, sorry, but soon, I promise!

"What you got there?" Chloe asked, trying to get a glimpse of what Emily had in her hand.

Emily walked over to the bed and sat down next to Chloe. The stone was somehow still cold, even though it should've warmed up inside the room. Vulpix walked after Emily with a disgruntled expression.

"I found it on the mountain, I thought it was pretty, so I took it..." Emily said, eyes fixated on the stone.

"Well, Vulpix here really seems to want to get some of that icy-rock-action" Chloe said with a smirk, looking at the Pokémon clawing at Emily's leg. Emily bent forward, holding the stone in her open hand.

"Hey, you want this?"

The Vulpix sniffed it a few times, before softly placing its nose against the stone. A bright light eminated from where it touched, and it felt like the stone melted in Emily's hands. Emily and Chloe shielded their eyes against the light, and once it had died down, they looked at the now radiant Vulpix, as if it was made from pure light, a bright, white silhouette. It's tail started to grow upwards, ending in points. It's nose elongated and it's neck longer as the four legs rose upwards and the body grew. A tuft of flowing hair grew like a mane and a rather fluffed-up looking blanket appeared between the front legs.

The creature had become almost twice its previous size, with its head about the height of the sitting Emily's stomach. Slowly, the creature regained it's features as the radiance died down. It's icy blue fur covered the majestic creature's body and the white tufts making up its longer tufts of hair moved majestically, as if caught in a slight breeze. It's deep blue eyes with its intense white pupils looked straight at Emily, before the newly-evolved Pokémon layed down and put its head in Emily's lap, as if it had accepted Emily as its trainer.

"Wow...that's..." Chloe started, barely able to find words to describe it.

"Majestic as fuck" Emily finished, softly putting her hand on the Ninetails's head, stroking the mane. It closed its eyes.

That night, Emily slept poorly. She stood up and walked over to the window. Snow rushed past the window as she stared into the deep blue plains in front of her, sometimes interrupted by a black, shadowy tree. So much had happened since she'd met with Chloe...they'd been kidnapped, freed a mythical Pokémon, discovered reincarnated Pokémon, fought titanically large creatures, accidentally blown up a Pokémon centre, translated cryptic messages...

Chloe turned in her sleep, causing Emily to look over. She smiled. Even though they went through all those things...she wouldn't have missed it for the world, no, she wouldn't have missed her for the world. After a quick bathroom visit she snuggled back into her warm bed, putting an arm around Chloe. Chloe slightly opened her eyes at her girlfriends touch, smiled, and soon was once again vast asleep.

TO BE CONTINUED WITH THE LAST GYM OH MAN OH BOY ISN'T THAT EXCITING I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT KIND OF GYM IT'S GONNA BE YET I KINDA MAKE THAT SHIT UP AS I GO ALONG

*256*2017-05-17 17:35

Chloe and Emily entered the gym. It was freezing, both figuratively and literally. They were in a large room with 4 long hallways with gates leading out to diffrent rooms, 2 on the left, 2 on the right. In front of the two were 4 levers. Emily flipped the first one, which activated the first and second gate, causing them to open. Chloe went on to the second one, which activated the second and third one: gate 3 opened, while 2 closed again. She went on and flipped the 3rd one, which activated the first, third and fourth one. Emily flipped the last one and the second and fourth gates activated.

After opening all the gates the duo went through the first corridor. At the end of the hallway was a button, and when they pressed it, a ticking sound was heard throughout the main room. The two looked at eachother, confused. After about twenty seconds, the ticking stopped, and the button became unpressed.

"I think there's a time limit?" Emily said

"Yeah, let's split up. I'll count to three, then we run to the opposite hallways and press the buttons there"

"Deal"

"3"

"2"

"1...GO!"

Chloe mashed her hand into the red button on the wall, made a 180-degree turn and sprinted into the main hall, straight ahead towards the other hallway as the ticking echoed in her ear. She looked to the side. Emily was faster. Time seemed to slow down as Chloe looked. Emily's bright blue hair, only accentuated by the frosty, light-blue room, shook up and down as she ran. Her leather jacket was flowing behind her, fluttering just underneath her waist. Chloe could almost see the clenched muscles in her leg through her jeans, and Emily's face was filled with determination, like this was the only thing in her life she wanted to accomplish. Chloe couldn't help but smile as she felt a soft warmth in her chest. Emily dissapeared into the hallway and Chloe realised she was only halfway across the main room. She picked up the pace and ran into the next hallway, pressing the button...

*Ding*!

The wall opposite the main entrance split open in two hirzontal halves leaving two interlocking horizontal bars in the middle; the left one ended in a circle, the other one in a C-shape. The two bars folded into the main hall simultaniously, ending against the walls above the hallways. The girls now understood why this gym was so cold: behind the wall was...outside. The grey sky loomed over a precarious path leading to a staircase and eventually a platform, held up by a single pillar, rising high above the harsh mountainside. After ascending the stairs, they came face-to-face with a woman. She wasn't thin, but not necesarilly fat either. She wore a light-blue and white sweater and comfy pants. Her white hair was billowing behind her.

"Well then..." her voice was soft and calm, yet it was one that could overpower any storm if needed, "shall we?"

To bE CoNTiNueD

$$

BY THE WAY

I will PM the FIRST PERSON to answer the gym puzzle correctly and anything, yes anything, that person says will be added to the story in the future!

(only one request can be made. I won't promisse when or where it takes place. The request may be as weird, specific, random, personal or have any subject the person asks for as long as it's not offensive to other people.)

*258*2017-05-18 08:20

{{8 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

Well, I've been meaning to read this story for a while now - had it in my follow list but had to find the time to read all the way up to date - and I can definitely say it doesn't disappoint! Great pokemon story, really does a good job following the puzzle solving, town wandering, battling and catching feel of the games, and... now what else... Oh yeah, then there's the SUPER-HOT LESBIAN OMO, MESSING AND SEX SCENES!!

}}

Haha thanks! I myself am a huuuuuge fan of the games (I played Gold, Diamond, Y and Moon) and I wanted to kind of create my own adventure while staying true to the formula. Funny things is; I often have trouble writing sex scenes, I never know what to include, what to do, so I just kinda wing it xD

{{8 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

Such awesome/cute/strong characters, plenty of interesting pokemon (though personally I think you need more Gen 1 pokemon in there too, maybe Mew could drop by even if only a cameo?) and a good level of legendaries (I mean anyone who's played the games knows these so-called "rare" pokemon seem to appear at the drop of a hat!)

}}

I really just wanted characters that people could feel for, even when it comes to the villains (like Tenebris), so I chose the two extremes: A rockchick with a heart of gold, and a timid girl that's secretly tough as nails. When I started writing, I initially based them off of Chloe and Max from Life is strange, though I did come up with the names myself (I just really like the name Chloe xD). Yeah, and some of my favorite Pokémon are rare/legendary/mythical Pokémon :)

{{8 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

Not sure what you mean about solving the gym puzzle, though likely I missed something being all tired and such, but having just read it through I thought this gym was supposed to be dragon-type, hence their going out catching Ice Pokes to deal with all that? As for your cryptic clue only "Oelork" had me stumped until I was in the process of typing this to say I'd been defeated - and then I remembered a certain 10th Doctor lookalike, definitely should be fun to see him getting involved!!

}}

It is a Dragon-type gym, and I was indeed refering to the gate puzzle :) You're the first one to actually solve my hint towards the next big arc in the story, good job!

{{8 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

EDIT - OK, so gym-wise if the object is to open all 4 gates starting from all closed, you do the following:

Lever 1 - Opens gates 1 & 2

Lever 2 - Opens 3, closes 2

Lever 4 - Opens 2 & 4

Ta-Da! (I think?)

}}

This is correct! Good job! I'll message you to ask what you want to add to the story (it should be a surprise to other readers, right?)!

Thanks for the kind words, it really helps. I'm often doubting my skills in a lot of areas, writing being one of them, so seeing people enjoy this story for more than the omo/sexscenes makes my self-confidence grow just a bit every time. My negative selfimages is slowly crumbling as I see people talking about how much they enjoy reading my work. It's something that I can pour my creativity and love for a franchise into :)

*260*2017-05-18 19:45

{{2 hours ago, LunasAuditor said:

I've always loved legendaries, especially Mew! She's so cute (I have no idea what Mew's canon gender is but pink & graceful says female to me!) and I went through a lot of effort to catch the glitch mew in Yellow then tweak the game save so she'd transfer to pokemon bank and now I have her in Moon... (I'm REALLY not skilled at that sort of thing, I'm totally "casual" gamer, but for Mew I made an exception!)... In terms of more common pokemon I think my favourite now is Absol, kinda cute and deadly looking, with quite the sad outcast pokedex description, plus mega Absol has extra floof AND wings! (My Absol is called "Lute")

}}

Haha I have a metric ton of "favorite" Pokémon, including but not limited to:

- Alolan Exeggutor (it's hilarious)

- Darkrai (the movie hit me in the feels)

- Dialga

- Zygarde

- Rowlet

- Lunala

- Jigglypuff (too. dang. cute)

- Actually almost all Gen 7 Pokémon apart from Bruxish

- Regigigas

- Zapdos

My favorite Mega...hmmm...has to be Venusaur, even if it's just because it helped me so much in my Y playthrough (Ability: Thick fat; lowers fire- and ice-type damage, making him weak to only flying and psychic!), and the huuuuuge Defence/Special defence stat and all kinds of setups!

Leech seed, Toxic, Worry seed to make sure the opponent doesn't use Rest, Solar beam and Sunny day, Venoshock to combine with Toxic, Ingrain, Earthquake...the possibilities!

*262*2017-06-01 21:47

The Kingdra that had been released was almost the size of the trainer standing in front of them.

"Go, Noctowl!"

"Go, Aegislash!"

The owl instantly perched on Emily's shoulder, while the sword hovered slightly above the ground.

"Noctowl, use Moonblast!"

Noctowl flew up, light trailing behind him. He stopped and slapped his wings towards Kingdra, shooting a ball of light that hit it in the side of the head.

"Aegislash, use Double team!"

From the singular Aegislash, copies sprung up left and right, surrounding Kingdra. The circle started to spin faster and faster, coming to a sudden halt to hide the real Aegislash from the fake ones.

"Kingdra, use Surf!"

Kingdra jumped up and shot immense amounts of water at the ground, which flushed the platform. Some of the Aegislash copies dissapeared, but the real Aegislash made sure not to flinch to hide himself from view.

A few feet away, in the darkness of a tree, two glistening, glass-like hexagonal eyes observed the fight. The creature merged with the shadows and moved closer. With a grin of sharp, gnashing teeth it looked around the corner of the gym, remaining hidden from view...

"Noctowl, use Hypnosis!"

"Quick, Kingdra, use Smoke screen!"

From the Kingdra's snout a small, perfectly round, grey ball shot towards Noctowl, which exploded into a thick smoke on impact. Emily understood what she was trying to do; Hypnosis was prone to missing, and by lowering Noctowls accuracy, she hoped to avoid it alltogether, but she'd forgotten about one thing.

Noctowl dove down from the smoke, it's Keen eye-ability allowing it to stay on target. Kingdra was caught off-guard and looked up in surprise, right into the pink illuminated eyes of the owl. Kingdra's eyes softly closed.

"Aegislash, use Sword dance!"

The real Aegislash could now move without the risk of Kingdra finding out which one was real. After a set of complex movements and twists, Aegislash came to a halt, as the circle spun again to hide him once more.

"Noctowl, finish it, use Moonbeam!"

Once again, the light struck Kingdra, which keeled backwards and fainted.

"Aegislash, Double team, once more!"

A second, interlocking ring of clones appeared, spinning in the opposite direction of eachother. Chloe got dizzy just from looking at it.

The creature silently observed. It's prank-prone nature started to show, and it slowly raised one of its deep-purple claw-like hand.

Tyrantrum was huge. It's massive jaw was enough to strike fear into the heart of even the most daring of men. "Luckily, I'm a woman", Emily thought.

"Tyrantrum, use Crunch!"

Tyrantrum rose up and straight up chomped Noctowl up. It looked like Tyrantrum could've easily murdered Emily's first-ever Pokémon right then and there, but luckily, it only shook its head back and forth rapidly and threw Noctowl to the ground, where Emily returned it to its Pokéball.

"Aegislash, use Iron head!"

Somewhere at the back of the two rings of clones, one of the Aegislash took its shield in its cloth-like arm before rushing forwards at blinding speed, hardening its body on the way, giving it a silvery-metal gleam. Tyrantrum got hit with a direct hit to the back of the head, and it roared in pain. Luckily, it wasn't that fast.

"Aegislash, quickly, use Sacred Sword!"

Aegislash's blade was glowing in a bright light as it swung forwards. However, Tyrantrum ducked at the last second. The kinetic energy swung Aegislash forwards and it rejoined its clones, circeling once more.

"Now, use Dazzling gleam!"

During Chloe's attacks, Emily had released Ninetails, which was now in front of Tyrantrum's very face. A blinding light shot off of the Pokémon, blasting the enormous Pokémon backwards, fainting it.

Suddenly, Chloe noticed a weird smell in the air. She looked over at Emily, did she notice it as well? So sweet, so...soothing...she could feel her mind, body and muscles relax. She decided not to mention it and focus on the fight.

Chloe had barely looked away before the aroma reached Emily as well, though it didn't seem to affect the trainer in front of them. A small creature cackled silently as its prank started to take effect.

"Odd..." Chloe thought, "Charizard is not a dragon ty-"

At that moment, the woman raised her arm and revealed a keystone-infused bracelet. Soon enough, a huge black Charizard with blue flames spewing out of its mouth stood in front of them. Chloe withdrew Aegislash, as fire is its weakness, and decided to give one of her newest Pokémon a try.

Zygarde was a massive as ever, towering over Charizard. And the Mega Gyarados that soon followed made the scale of the battle even grander.

While shouting the attacks at her Pokémon, Chloe started to have a bit of a battle of her own. The strange scent had relaxed her muscles...all her muscles, and now both her breakfast and lunch wanted revenge. She involuntarily put a single hand on her butt, removing it quickly before anyone saw. She clenched and just hoped this fight would be over soon.

Emily had a bit of the same scenario, but then way, way worse. Emily had always been a big eater, and now it was, ironically, coming back to bite her in the ass. It felt like her intestines had never been this full. With every breath she took it felt like she was going to unload something worse than a Garbodor in a public place.

Charizard wasn't that difficult to deal with, with a weakness to ground, covered by Zygarde, and water, which was Gyarados's deal, it was down rather quick. Chloe had never had this before, but she wished that that was the last Pokémon. It wasn't.

Emily had stopped caring about how she appeared physically and was completely focussing on how she was going to appear if this wasn't over soon. She had her right hand firmly pressed against her butt at all times, was slouched over slightly and only yelled out commands haphazardly, hoping to be relieved soon, or she would relief herself.

"Salamence...ummm..." Emily scrambled to find the typing while almost 75% of her brain was occupied with closing the back door, "fucking...ummm...flying...right? Dragon Flying? Ummm....unnnngh..." though she would rather die than shit herself in front of her girlfriend and a gymleader, she couldn't deny it was kind of exciting. "Ugh, what am I thinking? Umm...Rock....Ice.....Agh, fuck this..." she though as she threw out Ninetails.

"Salamence, use-"

It was like time slowed to a crawl as Emily listened in horror to what was said.

"e a r t h q u a k e"

Emily focussed all her energy. Her face redened as she clenched as hard as she could, actively pushing her butt closed with both hands as the earth started to shake. Faster. Faster. Even faster. The tremmors grew more violent. Emily's intestines screamed for sweet release. She gritted her teeth. Another tremmor, more vicious. Another one, even stronger. And then...

With a final, massive stomp from the 200lb-creature's leg, a tremmor shook the ground again. The shaking and odd muscle-relaxing effect that plagued Emily and Chloe had made Emily's arms tired, and with a cramped feeling, her arms gave way without noticing it. Emily gasped in shock at the sudden relaxation, causing her to break focus. Emily moaned as the heavy load she'd been forcing in for what seemed like days found its way to freedom, the soft, squishy warmth filling her panties and spreading across her butt. Emily panted while she kept on messing herself. It was quickly running out of room in her panties and she felt her muscles involunterily push as a fresh new log was pushed into her allready overcrowded pants, it now spilling through her legholes.

She suddenly realised she wasn't just messing herself, but noticed a more well-known warmth spread across her crotch and quickly making its way down her legs. She felt like she was going to be going on forever as another log entered the mess that had formed in her previously-pink panties, now pushing it to the sides, touching her hips as the bubble of feces expanded backwards, her pants now roughly the size of Chloe's, even though her butt was almost twice the size of hers. With a groan the final log exited her body, a brown stain now very clearly visible from the back...and she suddenly realised where she was...

"Groudon, use Overheat!"

She;d thrown out the Pokémon before even realising it, and insantly, she felt her pants dry up as Salamence took the main blast of damage, and finally went down.

"Well, good job girls!, here you go, the claw badge!"

The woman seemed completely unaware of Emily's predicament, though she did look slightly surprised as Chloe walked up and took both badges, returning one to Emily.

As Emily awkwardly waddled after Chloe, she couldn't help but feel a mixture of shame and excitement.

"So...ummm..." Chloe started

"Please don't" Emily said. If Chloe was going to treat her like a child, or even say anything about it, she was probably going to cry.

"But...well..." Chloe said, slightly fidgeting with her hands "I still need to go..." a flush of red came over her face as she said it. Emily looked dumbfounded.

"Well, you could go in the hotel?" she said, wondering what was wrong with Chloe

"Umm...Em..."

"Yeah?"

"The town is an half-hour walk...and...well...that;s not...enough..." Chloe's face became more and more red as she said it, but Emily smirked, glaring at a nearby bench.

"Well well well..." she said grinning, "I guess we'll have to punish bad little Chlo when we get home, but as for now, why don't you come sit with me?" As much as she tried, Emily couldn't resist the evil tone in her voice. Chloe had always seemed her surperiour...and now...

It was finally Emily's chance to treat her like a naughty little girl...

TO BE CONTINUED WITH POOPY MESSY POOPS AND SUCH

*264*2017-06-10 13:38

{{15 hours ago, VoxyRox said:

That was an amazing messing scene. Better than I expected! Well done and well worth the wait.

}}

Haha, thanks!

*265*2017-06-28 20:05

Hey all, bit of an update as too where this Fic is at:

Life's been rough but I'm ok. I'm going on holiday in a few weeks and will be gone for about 4 1/2 weeks. I'm gonna try to get at least one more "chapter" out before I leave, more if I'm able too. After that, I'll update when I'm back mid-august!

*267*2017-08-22 21:09

Sorry for the lack of posts, but, if all the pieces fit together, I'll post a new entry tomorrow! I've been on vacation (without wifi) for 5(!) weeks, but I'm back, and I'll try to update ASAP!

*268*2017-08-23 20:15

WARNING: MESSING. If you're not into that, skip this entry, next entry will be back to "normal"

"I'm not doing it!"

"You're doing it whether you like it or not!"

"You're not going to succeed in convincing me!"

"Something tells me I am"

"Oh yeah, what's that?" Emily grunted. She had both hands firmly on her butt and her legs pressed together. Chloe was standing in front of her, smirking.

"The sooner you give up, the sooner we can go home."

Chloe walked over to a wooden bench and sat down. She felt the mush spread out underneath her like she was sitting on a waterbed and flinched before looking back to Emily.

"Come on, come to mommy you naughty girl" she teased, tapping her lap. Emily grumbled and groaned but she had to admit, something about that infectious, devious smile was extremely tempting. She sat down slowly on Chloe's lap, holding her stomach as she did so. Chloe instantly wrapped her arms around her girlfriend, pinning her to her.

"Hmmwuh-bhut Chloe...Chloeee, I gotta-mph-I gotta poop Chloe." Emily brought out, being slightly smothered in Chloe's neck.

"I know sweety, just let it happen, just relax and let it out, it'll be allright"

"But Chloe, I don't wanna poop myself"

"Sh sh sh baby, it will all be fine, just savour the moment-sshhhhhh" Chloe shushed as Emily opened her mouth to protest, "just think of how relieved you'll feel when this is all over, hmm? That soft warmth around your butt? Jusssst, reeeelaaax my sweet baby girl"

"Hmmm, hurn..." Emily squirmed and moaned, but Chloe had her in a vice grip, and she wasn't gonna get out clean. With one final attempt, she focussed on holding her butt as tightly closed as possible. In a wave her muscled clenched as hard as they could, and then they relaxed...relaxed a tad to much.

"Hrrrrrrn-aaaaah~" a warm, seemingly constant stream of feces entered her pantied, quickly filling the little space that was left by her large butt and starting to expand backwards, pushing her panties back untill it had opened up a hole to escape to the sides. Emily moaned in pleasure as she felt the warmth spread across her buttcheeks, enlarging her allready big behind to an even more rediculous size. Chloe also felt it; like a warm blanket she felt it travel around her girlfriends' pants. She'd been standing when it happened, causing gravity to push it down, but Emily was sitting so it muddled around at the back of her butt. Emily's face was blissfull as another soft moan escaped her throat and a rush of extacy shot through her as the mass suddenly started spreading quicker and with more force. It started creeping up and tickeling her thighs and perinium.

It started traveling into her legpipes when Emily's body spasmed and clenched up for a second, before continuing with renewed force. Emily's excitement caused her to get wet, and this caused her to inadvertendly start peeing. It streamed onto and into the mess allready present in her pants before finding the fabric and dripping down onto Chloe's legs, a few drips even made it to the ground below them. Emily couldn't help but grab her crotch; it felt like it was on fire. Her hand moved rythmically up and down, and Chloe had noticed. She undid Emily's button and put one hand on her soaked crotch, slowly stimulating her girlfriend even more. She slowly, slowly started moving faster, teasing and edging her. 

Emily felt like she was going to die for pure extacy, but she also felt that the end was near, and as her concentration wavered she inadvertendly tensed her stomach muscles. Chloe had been waiting for this sign and finally rubbed fast, hard and precise. As Emily climaxed she felt the last load shoot out with a tremendous force. She felt her overstretched pants extending downwards even further and it now even started making its way up her back.

"Ah-aah-aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!" her body was shaking, her butt was covered in three difrent bodily fluids, but somehow, Emily could do nothing but sit there and ride the wave of arousal. It was like all her senses were working together to have her enjoy such an intense pleasure. Chloe slowed down and removed her hand, subtly drying it on the back of her pants.

"Who's a good little girl? I told you it'd be fine, right?"

"aaaaah-mmhm, so...so incredible...you...you're incredible" Emily said, slumping over onto her girlfriend. Chloe let her catch her breath before softly pushing her away to signal she was standing up.

"Well, let's get my little girl home and all cleaned up, hmm?" Chloe teased once more, and hand in hand, they walked back to the mountain path to the hotel.

In the distance, the small, purple, pointy eared creature laughed with its sharp-toothed mouth, it's hexagonal eyes reflecting the surroundings...

TO BE CONTINUED AND BY THE WAY SABLEYE USED AROMA THERAPY AND NONE OF Y'ALL GUESSED IT CAUSE YOU ARE NOT POKÉMON MASTERS LIKE I AM YOU SCRUBS

P.s: just kidding I love you guys

P.p.s: Hehe "pee pee es"

P.p.p.s: That's it for now for messing, sorry but doesn't seem to be as populair as just wetting so it'll be awhile before it's revisited

*270*2017-08-23 21:37

{{16 minutes ago, Bellatrix1 said:

That was a great chapter

}}

Thanks :)

*273*2017-08-29 22:19

Ah damnit this is the second time I use the wrong name goddamnit thanks for pointing it out though

*274*2017-10-09 19:12

Hey everyone!

Just wanted to say: sorry for dying (again). This story ain't over but life's been hectic since college started (again). I'll (hopefully) be back soon to continue the story, just have to come up with some new ideas (again) and interesting scenarios (though I have a few in mind). Also: the next few chapters probably won't have as much omorashi as the past few, just so I can progress the story a bit, I feel like it's gotten a tad stale.

If any of you have some fun scenarios or interesting ideas for the story: Let me know! I'd love to use them!

See ya later!

Glenn

$$

$$

$$

$$

