Exhibition

Author: My_Next_Mistak

*000*2016-09-11 22:04

I awoke to darkness. My body was cold and lying on hard ground that was even colder than I was. Where am I? Last I remembered I was drifting off to sleep in my bed at home, and I most certainly was not there anymore. I lay staring into the absolute darkness wondering if this is just a dream until I hear a voice. "Number 341. Female. 22 years old. Hasn't wet herself in 15 years." A female voice lists, sounding slightly bored.

"She should be a fun one then." A deeper voice says.

Suddenly my eyes are blinded by a bright light.

"Up and adam cutie pie." The same deep voice as before orders.

I sat up slowly as my eyes adjust. Surrounded by bare concrete walls stood a tall, muscular man dressed entirely in black, his face covered by a ski mask. There's no sign of the woman. I scrambled back against the farthest wall in fear. "C'mon hon. We don't have time for this. You're on in five and you still need to be dressed."

"What?" I managed to squeak out past the giant lump that had formed in my throat.

"You heard me sunshine. Now move or you'll be punished."

I stood up slowly because I was more scared of what the punishment would be than the man standing in front of me.

"Good girl." He mused before placing his hand on my lower back and leading me out the door.

Once we were walking down the hallway I became aware of a heavy pressure in my bladder. "Can I go to the bathroom?"

The man laughed a little. "Oh you are a fun one."

We walked a little farther before entering a large, open room. Hundreds of women, each with someone dressed in the same fashion as the man accompanying me we were hobbling around looking like they were in the same predicament as me in varying degrees of clothed.

I was led to a rack of clothes with a pair of khaki pants and a white bra, with a matching pair of white strappy stilettos. I stood still for a moment, unsure of what to do.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Get dressed. No underwear though."

Deciding not to argue I lift my shirt over my head when all of a sudden a spasm grips my bladder. Gasping, I squeeze my legs shut and my hand presses against my hole. Finally I am able to put my new top on and get my pants and underwear off, but the khakis are too tight to put on without jumping and squirming around. My bladder pulses every few seconds and I almost lose all the pent up liquid inside multiple times before the khakis are finally pulled into place. Throwing my feet into the high heels I quicky place my hand back in-between my legs.

"Are you ready? You're on in one minute. We need to run."

"Run?" I glanced worriedly at the hand that was now permanently pressed in between my legs.

"Yes. Now let's go. If you miss your timeslot you have to wait until the end, and you're not allowed to pee until you're onstage."

With that encouragement, I hobbled as fast as I could down the hall. I was breathing heavily by the time we reached a small staircase up to a stage.

Then I heard the same female voice as before. "Our next performer is a 22 year old female wearing a white bra, tight khaki pants, and white stilettos."

The man gave me a push and I painstakingly climbed the staircase and hobbled out to the stage.

There had to be hundreds of people seated in the vast auditorium. What was I supposed to do? Before I could put much thought into that question a strong wave of desperation shuddered through my body. There were gasps and cheers as I sank to my knees trying to contain the flood. "Stand up." The woman ordered. Quivering, I tried to stand without pissing myself in front of all these people. I had just righted myself when I leaked a little. I could feel a wet spot about the size of a half dollar on my pants. A cheer rose up and I felt my face redden. I had to stay dry. I was 22 years old but here I was about to wet myself like a toddler. I stood, squeezing my spincer with all my might for what felt like an eternity. Shaking uncontrollably, I was nearing my limit. Soon, I would not be able to hold on anymore and would have an accident in front of all of these people. A sharp stab in my abdomen caused me to gasp.

"What's happening? Did the slut piss herself?" A voice in the crowd yelled.

There was more murmuring and the lady at the podium spoke. "Remove your hands from your crotch at once."

Trembling, I unclench my crotch and place my hands at my sides fighting the edge to clamp them right back where they came from.

A few antagonizing seconds pass before another command comes from the woman. "Spread your legs."

This is it, I think as I slowly move my legs apart centimeter by centimeter. I'm really going to wet myself again.

Unable to stop it, another leak presents itself on my khakis for the crowd to see. Oos and awws can be heard from the crowd as I fight to maintain my dignity. I will not piss myself, especially in front of all these people.

I am fine for another couple seconds before I leak again. A stronger jet of pee escapes and now the whole crotch of my pants is soaked, pressing itself against my genitalia.

Then my bladder betrays me. All at once my urethra opens and pee races forth. It flows down my legs and I can feel it traveling up my butt and down the backs of my legs too.

Seconds pass slowly. I cannot stop. My shoes become slippery and a puddle begins to form around me. My peeing trickles to a stop and all at once the man covered in black comes, turns my butt to the crowd and, after another humiliating minute, escorts me off the stage.

"Held for 45 seconds, pissing for 1:30. Not bad." I hear someone say as I leave.

