What Would You Do For The Bathroom, Kate Bishop?

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2021-12-21 02:36

A little A/U about Hawkeye Episode 5. Not really any spoilers for the episode, and you should be able to understand what's happening even if you haven't watched the show. This was so much fun to write! Please comment if you want more.

"What would you do for the bathroom right now, Kate Bishop?" Yelena Belova taunted, standing over the poor girl who was sat down on her knees.

"Y-Yelena, we can talk about this!" Kate tried to bargain, unsuccessfully.

"The only thing I want to talk about is the location of Clint Barton, Kate Bishop," Yelena said back, a little more cold and less teasingly.

"Yelena, it's been hours, I don't know where Barton went!" Kate paused, then continued: "-And can you please stop saying my name like that?"

"Like what?" Yelena tried to hold back a smile. "Like what, Kate Bishop?" Yelena repeated quickly, kneeling down in front of the desperate Kate Bishop.

Kate's thighs squirmed, her hands tied behind her back. Yelena had broken into her apartment, and after a scary borderline interrogation, put Kate in this humiliating situation.

"Like that! You know what you're doing, I don't have to explain it to you," Kate said, the struggle in her eyes and body language turning to frustration.

"What's wrong, Kate Bishop? We were having so much fun, I even made you food," Yelena taunted again, standing up straight as she circled Kate, her desperate weakness starting to show back up in her body language.

"I told you, Yelena.. I don't know where Barton is," Kate repeated, hanging her head while she closed her thighs tight.

Yelena stopped behind Kate.

"You know that I am a Black Widow assassin, Kate Bishop?" Yelena said, the emotion drained from her voice. She kept switching her tone from teasing to serious, and the effect it had on Kate was worth the performance Yelena had to put on.

"Y-Yes, I know," Kate said, her black hair covering her face as she looked down. She turned her head to her shoulder, where Yelena laid her palm. Just the weight of Yelena's palm frightened Kate as a little shiver ran down her spine.

Yelena kneeled down again, still behind Kate. She could feel Yelena's warm breath invade her personal space as the assassin approached her ear.

"Do I scare you, Kate Bishop?"

That sentence alone was enough for Kate. She felt her bladder tighten before it gave out for a few seconds - warmth flooding her panties, her black jeans now dripping on the floor.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," Kate whispered as she struggled to regain her control.

Yelena stood up again, seeing the tiny puddle in between Kate's knees. "That answers that." Yelena paused, noticing Kate was now hanging her head again. She brought her index finger to the girls chin, raising her eyes up to her own. Yelena brushed the hair out of Kate's face, and hiding behind that dense black hair were bright red cheeks.

"You know, it's completely natural to have accidents, Kate Bishop," Yelena teased, breaking a smile.

"C-Can I just go use the bathroom? I've told you everyth-" Kate was cut off.

"No, you cannot. Because you lied to me, and besides, you've already started to pee your pants, you might as well finish," Yelena said, looking deep in Kate's eyes.

Kate looked down at her already semi-wet jeans, then back up to Yelena's face, who was giving her a silent look of approval. Kate bit her lip, then looked down, getting ready to unleash the floodgates - but Yelena grabbed her chin.

"I want you to look me in the eyes while you piss yourself, Kate Bishop," Yelena said seriously.

That broke Kate. And it broke Kate's bladder. She was uncontrollably soaking her jeans, the wetness rapidly spreading down her thighs, on the back of her ass, and puddling between her two knees. And Kate couldn't break eye contact with Yelena - she couldn't even blink. She just sat there with the surprised expression on her face which featured a bright red blush.

"You're adorable," Yelena teased, letting go of Kate's chin. Kate quickly looked down to her mess. She peed so much that the puddle engulfed Yelena's shoes.

"Normally, I'd make you pay for my shoes, but I think you've paid enough tonight, Kate Bishop," Yelena said, giving her a sarcastic look.

"Untie my hands, Yelena! I did what you wanted!" Kate protested, the cold starting to set in on her wet thighs.

"What did you do, Kate Bishop? I want you to say it to me," Yelena said, seeing the bright red on Kate's cheeks grow even brighter and redder.

"I-I peed my pants," Kate whispered in shame.

"You're a smart girl, you can figure out how to untie your hands. I'll leave you to it. Let this be a lesson, Kate Bishop, don't get in my way again," Yelena said, checking out Kate from her puddle around her knees to her humiliated eyes.

Kate continued to protest about Yelena untying her while the Black Widow walked to the shattered window of Kate's apartment, disappearing into the night.

*003*2021-12-26 02:40

THE INEVITABLE PART II

This is but isn't a part two! It's more like Part 1.5? It's a little fun piece, full of teasing, wetting, flirting. But yeah. I'm still gauging if people are enjoying this series or not - I write this stuff for you guys, I personally can't read my own writing, it just upsets me and I'll sit here and edit for hours and hours, then it'll never come out. So here's a fun little piece. If you enjoy it, be sure to comment on the thread with ideas, opinions, etc! Thanks, guys.

A/U set a few months post Hawkeye Finale

"So, you're Hawkeye now, Kate Bishop?" Yelena said, a hint of doubt in her voice. Kate glanced back at her across the table, almost trying to emanate the fact that she felt insulted instead of saying it.

"You invite me to this greasy coffee shop just to insult me, Yelena?" Kate finally spoke up.

"I missed you! We didn't really get the chance to say goodbye, Kate Bishop!" Yelena insisted now, going a little defensive.

"Okay, but, let's not forget that you borderline broke my ribs with that one punch," Kate said back, a little frustrated.

"Oh - you know what, Kate, if you're going to cry about it - " Yelena was cut short.

"I'm not crying!" Kate interjected.

"Fine, you're not crying, but I will say... I really like the new suit, I wasn't able to take it all in when I kicked your ass in the hallway, but look at this! Is that leather?" Yelena kind of marveled at Kate's suit.

"Y-Yeah, it's leather. It's nice, right?" Kate got a little shy.

"So... After the pee-pants incident, we're cool, right?" Yelena said, a hint of sarcasm in her Russian accent.

"I don't want to talk about that," Kate hid half her face with her hand.

"Talk about what? It's perfectly natural, Kate Bishop!" The Black Widow tried to defend Kate.

"Then you pee yourself," Kate retorted.

"Me? No, no, no - that is now your funniest joke, Kate Bishop!" Yelena laughed.

Kate raised an eye at Yelena.

"You're not joking, Kate Bishop?" Yelena now looked a little concerned.

"I'm full on for-realzies." Kate folded her arms.

"There's over five hundred reasons why I would never in a million years consider - " Yelena was cut off once again.

"So you're scared?" Kate interjected again, this time more fiercely. She was picking up confidence over Yelena. She watched Yelena's cheeks go a little red as the girl got flustered.

"I am not scared," Yelena pulled herself together.

"Yes, you're scared, Yelena Belova," Kate mocked her Russian accent, letting out her full name.

"What is wrong with you?" Yelena crossed her arms, trying to keep composure.

"It's really simply, Yelena Belova, I figured out your kink," Kate said a little too confident.

Yelena struggled with this realization for a minute. Kate Bishop knew her kink? She stewed on this for a second - but it made sense, after that interaction in Kate's apartment, Yelena should have known how obvious she made it.

"I prefer it the other way around," Yelena said to Kate, biting her lip as she looked at Kate's new suit and the way it hugged her body.

"If you ever want to see that again, then piss yourself, right there," Kate said, kicking back in her seat with her arms still crossed.

Ideas ran through Yelena's head as her face flushed up once again.

"You're lucky that there's nobody here," Yelena whispered, looking down at her black jeans.

"What are you waiting for, Yelena Belova?" Kate mocked again.

Yelena took a second, double checking when she looked around to make sure nobody was in sight.

"I'm going to kill you for this, Kate Bishop," Yelena said as she released whatever she had in her bladder - which was more than she thought. The crotch of her jeans grew darker than they already were as a puddle expanded it's way between her thighs until it was raining on the floor beneath her. Kate kept steady eye contact with Yelena, an evil grin on her face. Yelena sat back in her pee-puddle.

"So, Kate Bishop, what were your plans for tonight again?"

