This Party's a Dump!

Author: Messy96

*000*2023-05-26 22:18

(A story request for Asperman1)

“Hey! I told you kids to get lost!”

Jasmine turned her head toward the direction of all the yelling. Seeing a pair of security guards stopping three college delinquents from trespassing the property.

“Hey fuck you asshole! Do we look like children?!” One of the youngsters yelled back as he ran away with his friends in tow.

There’s always punks trying to sneak into celebrity events for whatever reason, usually troublesome college dropouts. Such as the case for the high brow pool party that Jasmine and her film director husband Rick were invited to. Of course it wasn’t a typical pool party. This party carried a honorary maternity theme for fashion stars and divas much like herself, as Jasmine was pregnant with twins.

“Watch your step hun,” Rick told her, supporting her up the stairs leading into the mansion hosting said gathering. Jasmine climbed carefully to not harm her beloved twins in her and managed well thanks to her husband.

“Thank you sweetie,” Jasmine told Rick.

“My pleasure as always, shall we?” Rick motioned toward the front door. Jasmine nodded and the two entered.

The mansion wasn’t worth noting in either of their minds as they walked to the other end, just another typical fancy mansion owned by people of high society. In short, expensive but luxurious. Luckily the party would be outside in the large backyard and pool out in the grace of the sun, with a nearby forest to provide needed shade. There were the usual set pieces of a party strewn across the yard. Tables and chairs with silverware and the like, music playing from the patio. It was very pristine. The two were immediately greeted by fellow colleagues and fashion stars, many pregnant themselves but not all. Jasmine has been to many parties like this in the past but this time felt different, due to her special cargo and the theme. Although her twins weren’t the only reason her stomach was extended.

The festivity started with an Introductory speech by the host of the party, Ms. Howard of the Hollywood administration, thanking the attendees for coming and honoring the joys of maternity. Jasmine can tell from the passion in her voice that she is someone who has a natural born caretaker like personality. Very warm and welcoming. Sadly she couldn’t focus as stomach cramps attack her mercilessly during the presentation, caused by something deep within her digestive tract.

@@Jasmine had been into the obscure panty poop fetish and wanted to have an ‘accident’ for the past few days, preparing by using her food cravings to make a huge load. However this plan backfired as it unintentionally constipated her. This means that by the time of the current party, an extraordinary amount of waste has been stuck inside her gathering mass. logs and logs of poop were collecting itself with little remaining patience. It had gotten to the point of even blocking up her whole bladder, engorging on hot piss with nowhere to release said piss. This excessive waste have been enlarging both her bowels and her bladder to an absurd degree for days, shown off externally by Jasmine’s extended belly. Now it was becoming uncomfortable being bloated for this long. Made worse by Jasmine’s pregnancy, normally her twins would influence her bodily functions to act more aggressively and make her use the bathroom more frequently. This and her unfortunate constipation have not mixed well at all for these past few days, though the cramps have mercilessly been minimal. Jasmine even contemplated the possibility that she might end up having a full blown accident right here at the party. but at this point she didn't care now, she would do anything to be free from the excessive guttural cramping.

@@Regardless, both Jasmine and Rick did their best to enjoy the party, and converse with many famous personalities. People held their conversations to the usual topics and occasional gossip. While the attendees were mostly fashion stars, quite a few Hollywood and internet types were also present. Although strangely enough, there were many maintenance people here too. They were under the host’s employ and were just minding themselves, why? Jasmine couldn’t fathom their presence. As the party carried on, Jasmine could feel her bloated innards' contents slosh inside. It was an strange experience that was sadly not worth the bloating. While Rick would talk to actors and actresses that he worked with before, Jasmine contented herself with her fellow fashion models. The maternity theme worked in Jasmine’s favor surprisingly, as she was alongside trusted friends who were also pregnant like her. This made Jasmine feel more relaxed and opened up about her current situation to her close colleagues.

“Oh yeah I’ve had a few moments like that already,” Marcy said, a fellow fashion star on the rise and a friend to Jasmine.

“Really, you too?” Jasmine asked surprised.

“Oh yeah. When I had my first kid, I couldn't stop pissing and shitting myself all the time. Believe me I tried not to, but I only ended up burning though tons of panties," Marcy admitted without any hint of embarrassment.

"Why didn't you try diapers?” asked another friend, Anika. She was someone who would be a professor for her book-smarts if she wasn’t already a famous voice actress.

"I did thought of it, but personally not my style. Not dunking on those who do use them though, had a friend like that growing up. It is what it is," Marcy responded.

"Well I can't get a diaper right now," Jasmine said.

“Well you don't really need one in all honesty," Anika said matter-of-factually. "In fact It is very common the world over, it's not even out of the ordinary to have an accident out in the open you know?”

Jasmine raised her eyebrow, “An accident? In the open? You don’t mean-”

“Peeing and pooping yourself in front of the public?” Marcy interjected.

“Well… yes,” Jasmine answered feeling a little embarrassed. “I mean, I know it isn’t unusual to sometimes wet or mess yourself. It’s well known to happen all the time and is generally accepted as a part of everyday life. But in public? With people watching…”

“Yeah well, it's actually way more common than you think. Especially if someone was experiencing internal problems or pregnant. In your case, you’ve got both problems under her belt,” Anika revealed.

“Oh? Is that why...?” Jasmine asked, referring to the maintenance folks nearby.

“Yep, the host Ms. Howard did her homework.” Anika said, with Marcy nodding in agreement.

Knowing these facts helped alleviate some of the worries she held in her head. However during their conversation, Jasmine's accumulated filth was now once again attempting to push out deep inside her. Her insides were so engorged by her waste inside, that it was begging to be emptied just to revert back to normal size. Both her bowels and her bladder wanted this nonsense to end just as much as Jasmine. This time, her constipation was still in full effect, but not as strongly as before. Her stubborn anus was beginning to weaken. Jasmine began to blush and outwardly show the first signs of panic, as she began to fully realize what might happen at any moment. Though as if the universe had a coincidental sense of timing, someone else was about to beat her to the finish line.

Hearing a strange sound behind her, Jasmine and her colleagues turned to the source. Only to see a well known actress nearby had begun crying as she soiled herself out of nowhere. Her pants were swelling up as her underwear was filled with poop. Guess the food didn’t agree with her at all. While the actress was helped out by her friends as well as Ms. Howard as maintenance workers stood by in support, the event had stirred Jasmine’s anus to accelerate it's weakening state. Any moment now, what has happened will be repeated by Jasmine, only 5x worse.

“You're at your limit, aren’t you?” A familiar voice spoke. Jasmine Identified it as her husband, who was checking on her.

“Is it that obvious?” Jasmine asked.

“Kind of, you're not being subtle Jasmine,” Marcy said.

“It's about to come out at any moment, and I can tell there’s a lot in me,” Jasmine admitted to her close circle.

“Yeah, I figured it was gonna be big. You were going to shit yourself when you got constipated weren’t you?” Ricked asked, knowing full well the answer. Jasmine nodded which made Rick smile. ‘Of course,’ he thought, Jasmine’s always up to something dirty.

“You know it’s ok to let it all go, no one will think less of you if you do,” Anika said supportingly.

“Maybe, but even then it still feels embarrassing. I don’t even know if I even can,” Jasmine said.

“Nonsense. I can tell whatever you have in you will break though if you give a good push. So go ahead and let her rip,” Rick encouraged.

“Are you sure?” Jasmine asked, feeling her waste moving once again. Almost as if it was motivated by Rick’s words.

Everyone around her smiled including Rick “Hon, you’ve been really struggling for a while and I can’t stand it. I got you back all the way. Besides, I've seen it all already. Do your worst.”

@@Rick’s approval was all Jasmine’s body needed to beat the blockage. Her body automatically made a concerted effort to push as hard as it can to get her shit and piss out. Suddenly Jasmine could feel a massive hot mass instantly fill her underwear in mere seconds. At long last she was pooping. Yet she had only just begun and her panties were already full, that didn't bother the poop still plopping into it. Even though Jasmine was wearing a long dress, everyone around her could clearly hear and definitely smell what was happening in her panties. Her bowels deflated along with her belly just as her underwear did the exact opposite, filling up with huge logs of shit while Jasmine was overcome by the nectar of relief. Shortly after the bladder finally was unclogged too, resulting with a violent stream of hot pee jetting out into her poopy panties. The piss soaked all the poop making it even wetter than it already was, while also pouring down Jasmine's legs into the puddles below with a loud hiss. Rick meanwhile held his wife’s hand to keep her at ease, calling for the attention of the clean up boys. Mere seconds after the pooping began, Jasmine’s underwear was completely destroyed. The seat, rear, front, the whole of the fabric was ruined by either her nasty crap or her piss. In fact the undies couldn’t take it as it dragged down to the ground as its excessive contents spilled out ceaselessly.

That’s when Jasmine’s ears picked up the sound of poop again, but not from herself. Given the sheer scale of her ‘little’ accident must have made other watchers poop their pants. A quick glance around her revealed some of her fellow stars had the same face she had right now. Another glance showed some wetting themselves as well, with wet blotches forming on their pants and skirts. Quite the situation this was becoming for her. Whether or not they were peeing or pooping intentionally or not was beyond Jasmine’s capacity, especially since she was still busy emptying herself from both ends herself. She could only guess how bad everyone else was doing. Some might have big lumpy bulges while others had plump wet mush in their panties. Some might had some pee come out while others drenched their dresses full stop. Jasmine would never know the extent of everyone else's accidents.

Thinking this way was utterly embarrassing yet satisfying for Jasmine, feeling her evacuation continuing for what seemed never ending. She didn’t want to acknowledge her shit in between her legs where her undies were now being buried under. Nor did she want to admit to all the pee all over her legs and soaked shoes and socks. The smell didn’t help matters as it grew fouler with every stool that came out of her. Suddenly with a loud snap and slimy plop, her poopy panties broke under the weight and fell with its load onto the growing pile on the ground below her. Still she wasn’t done as she continued pooping and peeing, forming a small sloppy mountain below her. After another minute it finally ended for Jasmine with a final tinkle of pee dribbling onto the pile below.

“Finished?” Rick asked.

Jasmine nodded grateful, yet still embarrassed for how awful the mess she made was. Panting she was nervous over how bad the pile under her was. In realty it was truly a mountain of poop towering from the ground. logs lying on top one another, one could mistaken this load for an elephant's. Covered and surrounded by a sea of pee that acted as the icing on the shit cake. Somewhere buried in that pile was Jasmine's former panties, surly to be lost forever forgotten. But at least her bowels and bladder were finally empty and calm, no more bloating. Even Jasmine's stomach had shrunken quite a bit.

“My my, someone really had to go did they?” A voice asked from afar. Both Jasmine and Rick turned to see Ms. Howard smiling at them. Rick nodded back and pointed to the ground to give emphasis to the extent of what Jasmine had done.

“Oh dear, well don’t worry friends. I had prepared for something like this given the theme, you really can’t help it when you have precious cargo sometimes,” The host assured, just as the maintenance workers arrived to start the clean up. Jasmine and Rick walked over to Ms. Howard to extend their apologies.

“No worries friends. Let my workers take care of the mess, I’m paying them extra for working today for this reason. While they do that, go ahead to the second floor bathroom. There’ll be spare panties and cleaning wipes waiting for you to use at your leisure. Don’t worry about the others either, they will be taken care of too,” Ms. Howard graciously offered to the couple.

“Thank you so much, I owe you one,” Jasmine said, grateful for the host’s hospitality.

“You don’t owe me anything daring, just take care of yourself ok?” The host smiled. After this exchange, the two headed back indoors to clean up. Jasmine felt much better after unleashing her load and was glad to get it all out. Shame for what happened to her underwear, oh well. Going up the stairs, she noticed a portrait on the wall that was very telling. Ms. Howard and her late husband, and their five kids. Of course she’s a caretaker, she too had seen it all. As for Marcy and Anika, they only sighed to themselves at their table.

“You think she’ll be ok?” Anika pondered.

“Oh yeah. Rick will take care of Jasmine, she’s very lucky to have him. Let alone having a kid together.”

“Very true. At least we’re used to it,” Anika mused. Marcy agreed as the both of them had something warm and mushy in their undies. A plump bulge stained brown sat in their panties, the poop nestled happily inside without resistance. Well they weren't planning on doing such a thing, but Jasmine shouldn’t have all the pleasure of relief. Later on Jasmine and Rick would rejoin them and enjoy the rest of the party joyfully. Looking back, Jasmine learned to laugh off this misadventure fondly, even sharing it to other women like herself.

***

“Goddamn this party’s literally a dump,” A voice said, silent and sneaky. With all the commotion going on, trespassers were afoot in the form of the college delinquents from earlier. They had stealthily used the forest next by to get closer to the property. While they were here to try to ‘misplace’ some booze, they too were distracted by the little incident. They were certainly close enough to smell everything that happened. By the time they refocused, they’re window of opportunity was long gone. The extra commotion would make it much harder to infiltrate the party without being caught.

“Shit, we need to bail. We’ll have to try someplace else,” The delinquent leader said.

“And at another time, I need to head back to the campus pronto,” another voice said.

The two punks discussed their future plans while the third member remained distracted, still watching the party until one of them got their attention.

“Hey Avery, you alright?” The leader asked.

“Oh yeah, it’s just the smell is unbearable,” she said.

“Heh, yeah I agree. Let’s bolt before the stench knocks us all out,” The leader said. “You’ll be okay on your own?” He asked his partners in crime.

Both nodded confidently and with that, the trio split into their own destinations, sneaking off back into the forest. Avery however waited till the others were gone and looked back at the scene before leaving. The messy fashion star was heading inside and the staff had already cleaned up half of the mess on the back lawn. In contrast to what Avery had said a minute ago, she took in a good whiff of the stink in the air with awakened vigor. The reason was not because of what the woman did, but what Avery did.

Walking past the pine trees and thick shrubs Avery found herself a secluded spot in the woods. After a quick check to make sure she was alone, she reached over to her butt and dipped her hand into her jeans, feeling something warm and firm inside her underwear. Seeing the celebrity shit herself like that, made something in Avery’s mind click. Before Avery knew what was happening, her body automatically relaxed and poop plopped out into her panties right on the spot. Two slimy logs found themselves settled in her pants without resistance of any kind. Avery didn’t even push the logs out of her, they just slid out freely. Of course the others didn’t notice, not with the spectacle already on display, plus they wouldn’t tell her stink from the celebrity.

Avery never had pooped her pants before in her life, yet it felt oddly satisfying. Feeling her waste in her undies, she was wondering why she never tried this before. Despite this, she hadn’t actually emptied herself fully yet. With no one around, Avery felt curious and didn’t mind finishing what she started right here in the forest. Undoing her jeans, Avery gave a slight push to let the rest of her shit know it was okay to come out. Wet sloppy noise ripped from her butt as brown shit began filling her dirty underwear yet again. Softer and mushier than her previous logs, her fresh poop filled her panties quickly, her logs being buried by the squishy mush. Her load was not as ridiculously big as that fashion star, but her underwear was quite heavy and bulging by the time Avery was done pooping. Though sadly her bladder wasn't full of pee at the moment, a missed opportunity for sure.

“Ahhh,” Avery happily sighed, smelling the odor of her poop. Pulling her pants back up, her load squished against her ass being confined by her jeans. Feeling her soft crap nuzzle her ass cheeks was beginning to turn her on. With that dirty thought in mind, Avery started heading back to her dorm, eager to ‘explore’ more in private. Every step she took squashed her poop more onto her butt, and thus made her crotch wetter. The others might have left empty handed, but Avery certainly didn’t, not by a long shot.

The End

