Dear Diary...

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-09-03 11:14

April 11th

Dear diary,

Today the strangest thing happened to me!

I woke nervous but ever so excited. Duncan McBride, the national director, emailed me last night and said he wanted to Skype me late this morning. Me? Can you believe that! His ‘attention had been drawn’ to my project and he had some questions and comments for me. I wasn’t sure what to think really but I’d watched his videos and training sessions online and goodness was he handsome! But I mustn’t let that distract me!

I could hardly sleep last night for thinking about it. I woke so nervous I drank two mugs of tea just to calm myself down! Of course I put on my lucky blouse, the one I wear to every interview and even though I knew he’d only see my top half I put on my long loose black skirt too to feel the part. I gathered all my papers I could think of. What if he wanted to ask me something and the thing I needed was filed away? I couldn’t dream of turning my back on him to get something out the cabinet. That would be so unprofessional and make me look silly.

I know this sounds stupid but I scrubbed my home office so much this morning it stunk of bleach! I dusted the laptop keys, cleaned the web cam, and even cleaned my microphone! This was Duncan Skyping me, the blooming national director of the international company! I HAD to make a good impression. He never Skypes us mere mortals in Scotland. Our position is way down the chart and he knows it. I’m still tingling at the fact he knew who I was!

So there I was all set up finally. I brushed my hair one final time, checked my make up and I was just about to have a quick pee when I heard the laptop buzzing! He was five minutes early!!

God that man is handsome! And geez can he talk too! Let me tell you he was lovely too. So lovely. And he only LOVED my project! Can you believe that!

But here’s the thing: that tea was a BIG mistake! The whole time he was on Skype to me I really needed to pee! I know...how embarrassing! Thank God he could only see my top half because let me tell you under that office desk my shoes were tapping, my toes curled and my thighs squeezing! I wanted the call to end so much but...I didn’t want the call to end! Crazy I know! I was bursting for the loo but this was the National director talking to me...by name too!...so you don’t just rush away from that now do you?

But this is where it got...weird! You see I was squirming and fidgeting and wriggling so much but laughing and so excited about the call, and God did I say how sexy Duncan’s American accent is? He was going on and on about his Scottish ancestry and stuff and I was listening but at the same time thinking any minute I might have to run to the loo before I had an accident. I couldn’t sit still and I slipped a hand between my legs and while he went on and on I was frantic and holding myself for dear life. It felt so embarrassing and, well wrong, but I was just so desperate!

I had my legs open a bit and I scrunched up my skirt and I was pressing against my hand so much. The weird thing is it felt...so strangely wonderful, naughty and sexy!

Anyway time went on and well, I have been promoted and he’s Skyping me next week again to talk more! That wasn’t all though...and this bit is why I wanted to write this really.

He signed off just before 1pm. Said he had a meeting but he d loved chatting and my project was brilliant blah blah. His voice, his face, maybe the fact I was seconds from wetting myself...I dint know what it was...but when he disappeared from my screen I didn’t hobble to the bathroom like I should have. Instead I kept wriggling, squirming and pressing against my chair with my hand rubbing and my legs scissoring. I kind of got myself off fully clothed I guess? Weird or what?

When I did go to the toilet a few minutes later I had to take my knickers off because they were soaked with mucus. I’ve never been so desperate to pee like that and most definitely haven’t experienced that level of excitement for a while.

What a day!

I’ll write more soon!

MH

*004*2020-09-06 23:26

{{19 hours ago, LilMiss said:

I do love your writing! Thanks for keeping us so entertained (or hot and bothered).

}}

Thank you! Plenty more to come

*005*2020-09-19 14:33

And there’s more!

Here’s another entry:

Dear diary,

I need to tell you this because no-one else will believe me!

You remember Duncan McBride, the national director? Well we’ve had a few Skype calls since that really weird first one and I officially started my new role last week.

So far so good.

But there’s just one aspect that is making me a little uncomfortable. It’s rather related to that ‘thing’ last month, you know the incident when we had our first ever Skype and I ended up having that weird orgasm? God I didn’t think I had ever had to per so bad...well until last night again!

It’s that damn time difference stuff! You see Duncan is based in California and I’m Scotland. He’s been very accommodating when it’s just us but then I had to be in my first international meeting. He would have flown me over but with the stupid pandemic stuff it had to be done on Microsoft teams. In one sense I was a bit less nervous in my own house but on the other hand...well it’s just not the same is it?

So this board meeting was about the whole company investing in my project and I had to do this full half hour report then answer questions. Thankfully I’m more an evening person than a morning person but even I groaned when the email said it was 4pm their time meaning midnight for me!

I decided the best thing would be to try and get some sleep early on so I had a bigger meal early evening then went for a lie down. I must have been tired as I fell asleep easily after dinner. I woke tingling with nerves and excitement and had a coffee to calm me down then a bottle of water because my throat kept going dry. I don’t know why but I never seemed to get a moment to use the toilet but surely it takes a while for your bladder to fill? Well let me tell you...that’s a lie!

So Duncan never told me it would be a bloody 2 hour meeting did he!! 2 hours! I was point 6 on the agenda and there was a very formal feel even with it being by video. So glad I had my formal skirt suit on even at midnight.

Well you guessed. Less than ten minutes in and I could feel I needed the toilet. By an hour in it was really quite distracting. But I was in control and despite being bursting and having to cross my legs tightly I managed to get through my presentation. Maybe it was the stress of it all but by the time it was over I really really wanted to sign off and pee so fucking badly! I didn’t want to make it obvious and thankfully the camera only shows my face because my legs were frantic in my nylon tights and pencil skirt. I was swinging my legs back and forth, running my hands up and down my thighs and squeezing like nothing else.

The questions would have been easier to answer had my urethra not been so dying to release! I tried so hard to answer but I think my urgent situation must have been obvious because Duncan stepped in to my deference a few times, even asking if I was ok! I couldn’t exactly tell a board meeting of influential directors that I was desperate for the loo could I? Thank God for Duncan’s support!

The rest of the meeting is a bit of a blur as I ended up pulling my skirt up and sitting on my clenched fist for the last 10 minutes trying not to have an accident. Finally the meeting finished and one by one everyone left the call...all except Duncan!

So it was just Duncan and myself and he was saying how well I did and I was a bit embarrassed but so unbelievably bursting for the toilet! I was bouncing on my seat and squirming and again Duncan asked if anything was wrong. How embarrassing! I didn’t want to say but it sort of came out. I blurted out almost in tears that I was fine just that I really had to go. That’s when it got rather...intimate? His voice was so caring, so sexy, and he sort of whispered that I looked so sexy and he was so proud of me and then he said he didn’t want to keep me back but he just wanted to thank me for my time and all my work so far.

I had to stand up! I had to! I stood back so I could still see him but I was dancing about like mad right in front of my boss and it was soooo embarrassing! I even moaned.

That’s when he asked outright! He asked if I had been holding my bladder right through the meeting! What could I say? He wasn’t being creepy or anything. He was actually really sweet and so understanding. All I could do is nod. I was sweating and bent forward with a hand wedged in my crotch.

That’s when he apologised for the length of the meeting and the late hour for me and...well unfortunately I never heard what else he said because all I could hear was my heart beating so loud and the noise of my bladder bursting and my pee hissing!

The last thing I remember is him saying ‘I had better let you go. I’ll email you the minutes and speak to you soon. You did amazing. I’m very proud of you and delighted to have you on board. Thanks again and goodnight.’

Then his screen went black and I signed out and cleaned myself up. I’ve never been so desperate but don’t tell anyone but I’ve never ever felt so sexy either! I, emmm, well I enjoyed myself before I showered and changed into my pj’s and them went to bed.

I know you might not believe me but I’m loving this new job in more ways than I ever expected.

