1988, Another Bladder Story

Author: Mariomo

*000*2022-03-25 05:55

The sun was obscured by tall, pine covered Vermont mountains. A dark blue 1988 Pontiac 6000 LE Safari crested a hilltop road, driving it was a skinny, blonde young man, in the passenger seat, his girlfriend. The car was silent, aside from the rhythmic clunking of passing over highway connection points. The young lady looked over at her boyfriend, breaking the past 20 minutes of silence with a very meek, almost inaudible “Hey..”

The boy broke eye contact with the road, opting to look at the thick, jet black bangs of rich hair that utterly blinded his girlfriend. The two were a rather silent couple, in the four years of high school love-dovery they had experienced together, they always remained mostly silent. They would sometimes go weeks, or over a month without exchanging so much as a hum, but they never failed to spend some of each day in each other's presence. The contact of eyes to her felt like a wave of boiling heat, her soul flinched, and she grabbed her hair, holding it up to her face to hide behind it. Her face underneath was red as her own blood, something about his body language today, -something the two had become exceptionally skilled at reading- made her feel a sort of way. She knew what this way was, but refused to admit it to herself.

“I have something to show you, I think you might like it.” she informed him, softly as always.

Her boyfriend’s eyes were already affixed on the road again, which freed her from her flustered hiding place. She reached into the back seat, and grabbed her handbag. She reached inside, and pulled out a few items, all encased in brown paper bags. Twisting her body around like that had intensified a slight aching that had been in her lower abdomen most of the day, but it was still barely tame enough to ignore. She figured that she could wait a bit before bringing his attention to it. “I was looking at the Sears catalog a few days ago..”

“Hm?”

“...And, well- I saw something you might like..”

The young man looked back at his girlfriend, her lips formed a shadow of a smile, but it was a smile. His eyes followed her perfectly thin arms until he caught a glimpse of what was in her hands. His eyes widened, and he snapped back to his relentless stare at the road, hoping to distract himself from what he had seen. Yes, he certainly liked it. He liked it a lot. It made him feel warm inside.

The girl twisted around again to put the items back in her bag. Much to the displeasure of the mysterious aching in her body. She felt like she had spoken too much for the time being, so she opted to press her legs together, and rest her hands on the end of her skirt. She remained silent for the following 15 minutes, her eyes locked on to the thin, transparent denier tights that wrapped around her legs. She watched as they reflected, and became more or less transparent when the sun hit them at different angles every time the car turned. This reminded her that she needed to get more, as this was her last pair that wasn't ripped from how delicate they were.

Suddenly, the boy’s Pontiac crested a rather pointed hill, giving the girl a brief feeling of weightlessness, then a sharp jolt of pain from the aching area. It suddenly felt a lot worse, almost as if her ignorance of it had kept the pain at bay all day, only for the sudden grasp of attention to make her realize how much it actually hurt! She grasped her skirt tightly, and ignored her desire to remain quiet for longer. “Sam?” she mumbled.

“Jamie?”

“May I please use the restroom?”

“No.”

“Okay.”

It took her a second to realize what he had just said. She looked over at him. “What? What do you mean ‘No’?”

“I mean no.”

“But I haven't gone all day, the teachers kept denying me.”

“I’m denying you too.”

“Oh, okay.”

It took her another second to realize what he had just said again. “But I need to go really badly.” She mentioned.

“I am not going to let you, though.”

She stared intently at her knees, pressing them tightly together, the skin around the contact points turning white beneath the shaded tights from the pressure. “Why?”

“Do you want an honest answer?”

“I’d like one, please.”

“And you won’t get mad?”

“I promise.”

“And you won't find me weird?”

“I won’t.”

Sam hesitated for a second. Two seconds, actually. No, more like around a minute. He stared at the road the whole time, chills running up his spine. Jamie waited, her impatience growing slightly as her bladder was still waking up and realizing its true fullness.

“Because, I think it’s cute when you have to pee.”

Jamie tilted her head, curiosity overpowering her enough to distract her from her bladder. “Elaborate, please.”

Sam hesitated for only a few seconds this time, “I think its hot when you really have to pee.” He sighed, stressfully. “To put it in simple terms, I have a fetish for women needing to pee.”

“Huh.” She replied. This was possibly the most they have talked in a day, and it was interesting. But as the initial shock of intrigue faded, her bladder came right back, ready to chastise her viciously for ignoring it. She put her hands together like a knife, and jabbed it into her skirt.

Sam applied a white-knuckled grasp on to the steering wheel of his car. The combination of what she purchased from Sears, and her current situation painted a very, very desirable picture in his mind.

“Can I please use the bathroom?”

“No.”

“Is there any point in asking further?”

“No.”

“I understand.” Jamie responded, a twinge of curiosity still in her voice.

After about an hour of silent driving, repeatedly interrupted by the swishing of Jamie’s tights as they rubbed together, becoming exponentially more frequent as they neared their destination. The Pontiac broke off of the main road, down a dirt path, and stopped at the edge of a small embankment overlooking a lake. From here, they could watch the sunset. Sam stepped out of the car, walked around the front to Jamie’s side, and opened the door for her. Jamie slowly stepped out, wobbling slightly when she was fully up. Her bladder really disagreed with this, it suddenly felt weighted, and it stung quite a bit. She immediately crossed her legs and hunched over, one hand on her knees, the other firmly against her crotch.

“Is it really that bad?” Asked Sam.

Jamie nodded. “Yes! I haven't used the bathroom since before I left the house…” She took a deep breath. “Give me a minute, I need to change into the new stuff.”

Sam replied with a short “Ok.” and walked closer to the embankment, looking at the orange sunlight gleaming off the ripples in the lake water. No more than a minute later, Jamie walked in front of him, and in front of the sun. She appeared as nothing more than a silhouette at first. She was gorgeous, with sleek curves, flowing hair, it was truly a perfect sight. Sam's eyes were quickly drawn to one noticeable feature of her silhouette, her bladder was so heavily swollen and distended, it looked like she was nursing a slight pregnancy. Soon, Sam’s eyes adjusted to the silhouette, revealing that she was wearing a beautiful set of black floral lace lingerie.

It consisted of a very well strapped bra that perked her chest up nicely, black shoulder length gloves with lacy sleeve tips, A waist garter that held up a pair of lace-topped thigh high stockings, underneath it sat a pair of lacy black panties, and the whole thing was topped off with a pair of 6 inch high heels. The lingerie stuck perfectly to her thin, but tall frame, but the true star was the swelling of her bladder. It bulged so much, it was quite obvious that a full day of drinks and waiting was sitting patiently inside of her. “Do you like it?” Jamie asked shyly. Nobody had ever seen much of her skin, and the floral lace meant that parts of her that were “Covered” were still able to be seen.

Sam was astounded. She looked like an angel, and from his silence, she could tell exactly how much he loved it. She could also tell where he was looking, she broke her stillness, quickly knifing both hands into her crotch again, and hunching over. It took her a second to realize that her bladder was actually as swollen as it was, and that it was the reason he was looking there. She felt deeply embarrassed, but seemed to appreciate the fact that he was enjoying it. Even if it hurt so much that she had to put effort into not crying.

Sam held out his hand, knowing she’d have to struggle more to hold it if she could only use one. “Want to hold hands until the sun sets? It would be pretty romantic.”

That night, April 12th, 1988, a boy and a girl, deep in their teenage love, held hands as they watched the sunset. One was comfortable as he could be, with a slight smile on his face as the final gleams of sunlight disappeared from the hills, the other was almost naked, cold, frantic, and in excruciating pain. She couldn't stand upright enough to catch a single glimpse of the sun, as she was too occupied with pee-dancing the entire time.

However, as soon as the landscape became dark, something clicked. It was like a button within her was pushed. Her bladder had swollen in just the right way to trigger something.

Somehow, by some mysterious turn of events..

She liked it.

Mari here, thanks for reading!

I am working on a continuation to this right away. feel free to discuss or ask questions below! I'll be wearing an identical set of lingerie and heels to her as I work on part two, I wont forget the "bladder was so heavily swollen and distended, it looked(s) like she was(I am) nursing a slight pregnancy" either. That is an integral part of her outfit.

*001*2022-03-25 07:36

She liked it too much.

Like, a scary amount.

She was suddenly overtaken with this intense drunkenness, she wasn't thinking straight, but of the whole sudden mess in her head, one thing was sure. She did not want to let go, not one bit.

Sam eventually looked away from the hill where the sun once was, and at his girlfriend, who was pee-dancing like mad, huffing and puffing to catch her breath from the intensity of her writhing, and strain of her bladder. Her lips quivered, her legs were shaking, and her stomach bloated greatly. She slowed her pee dance for a second to look at her boyfriend, suddenly, Sam felt that same searingly hot eye contact that Jamie felt in the car. “Sam..” She whispered, with a slight begging tone.

“No, I’m… I’m not letting you go.” He replied, nervously.

Jamie didn’t respond, but a slight, blushy smile crept across her face. She lifted her other hand from her crotch, opting to double cross her legs as a replacement. She put her hand on Sam’s cheek, and used the hand she held with his to pull him in closer. Normally, she was slightly taller than him, but from how far she was hunched over, she had to pull Sam down to kiss him. And oh, mighty god, did she kiss him. She pulled him in closer, and closer, they stumbled back a little, Jamie fell back on the hood of Sam’s Pontiac, and Sam fell on top of her, their lips still locked. She was writhing the whole time, trying her hardest to not wet herself, but something just kept giving her the superhuman strength to keep her gruesomely overfilled bladder shut, and locked tight. “Sam…” She mewed.

“Jamie? Is something wrong? Are you oka-”

“Sam, it hurts so much. I want to cry.”

“Do you want to-”

“Sam, it stings, it's unbearable!” Jamie complained, pained and almost crying.

“You should probab-”

“Shh- Shush. Shut up.”

She laid there, pained and writhing, she dropped her hands from his face and back into her crotch. Sam backed away, thinking she was going to wet herself. However, he soon stepped back closer, and lay on top of her. He brushed her bangs aside, revealing her eyes, blinded by arousal. He lowered his hand to the massive bulge in her stomach, and felt it.

There was no give.

Her bladder was completely solid, and the stretched skin over it was stretched to the point where it couldn't give any more.

Jamie whimpered, then yelped loudly. Sam got up, she slid down the hood of the car, and fell on to her knees. Sam was worried. Her kidneys hurt, her bladder could not fit any more, and her back was stinging like crazy. She slowly got up, her hands between her legs, and her whole body shaking. Her panties gained a shiny spot, then her gloves, and then, it happened. Slowly, like a little trickle, her bladder emptied itself. She tried her best to stop it, her hands, her bladder muscles, everything! But nothing worked. Slowly, but surely, it kept trickling. It pooled up in her heels, soaked into her stockings, dripped from her gloved hands, and caused a massive puddle to form round her. It was unbelievable. As the slow trickle relaxed her bladder some more, it became a proper stream, growing the already large puddle further.

When it all came to an end, silence overcame the area.

Jamie began to cry softly. She had just wet herself in front of the love of her life. Sam stood there, still processing all the prior events, even recalling how she shifted in her seat from lunch onwards that day. When Sam fell back to reality, Jamie had already stopped crying and ran up to Sam to kiss him passionately.

It had dawned on her that Sam had actually enjoyed her peeing herself, and everything prior. “Sam.” She started, “Please, do this again sometime. I really liked it.”

Sam regained his composure, and adjusted his shirt a bit. “Uhm.. sure.. Want to go on a short walk before it gets too dark? I think we are far enough out for no one to see you in piss-soaked lingerie.”

“Sure! Can I stay at your place tonight? I know you have a few spares of my school uniform there for if I do sleep there.”

“Alright.”

“Do you mind me in your bed with this lingerie?”

“I can wash the smell out.”

“Okay, thank you.”

“Im not letting you pee during the car ride, or in my house.”

“I didn't ask to pee.”

*005*2022-03-26 05:34

It was dark, really dark. Jamie and Sam lay on the hood of Sam's car, they had just returned from about an hour of walking, only deciding to turn back once it was already difficult to see. Jamie’s legs, feet and ankles hurt a lot, she had spent almost an hour hiking in high heels full of piss. She liked it, though. They had spent the whole walk discussing all sorts of topics, ranging from love, to fetishes, to the future, and the past. In the end, they had spoken more in that one hour than they had in their entire relationship up to that point, and in the end, they both came out feeling satisfied, and comfortable.

Jamie Perry, 18, was a masochist. She loved it all, She could extract pleasure from the worst of pains. She reveled in being judged and having to hide embarrassing secrets. As she lay on the hood of the car, pinned down by her boyfriend, she made a silent vow to allow him to hurt her as much as he wanted.

Samuel Ueler, 18, was a sadist. He only wanted to make it hurt, and feel terrible to his willing victim. As he pinned down the thin, frail girl on his car’s hood, he made a silent vow to make her experience the highest extent of the torment her bladder could endure, without so much of a thought of mercy, every. Last. Day.

They were both in their element, Jamie was meagerly clothed, freezing cold as the early spring night brought chilling breezes through the air. Sam was right where he knew he should be, scheming out all the ways he could make her suffer.

Jamie held both of her damp, gloved hands to Sam’s face, and pulled him in close. “Sam..” She coo’d, “I think I need to use the bathroom again..”

Jamie’s bladder hated the thought of having to hold even another drop. Her mind tried to convince her that she should hate it too. The feeling of even a small amount of urine in her exhausted bladder made her feel sick to her stomach, but consciously, she knew she enjoyed it.

Sam looked her in her bangs, surprised slightly, then he climbed further on top of her, putting all his body weight into his knee, which he now placed on top of Jamie’s bladder. “I’m.. I am not going to let you pee.” He stated.

Jamie’s whole body suffered a wave of coldness, and she began to feel awful, the last thing her body wanted to do was hold more pee. And it was making itself obvious, as she began to shake slightly from the intense rush of red flags and warning signs her body was throwing at her, warning her to stop before it was too late. Jamie did not say a word. She simply nodded, and gave a slight smile of appreciation towards her boyfriend.

They spent an hour on the hood of that car, cuddling in the freezing spring night, and when they got up to leave, Sam wore a smirk across his face, and Jamie shook violently, a combination of the freezing air against her damp lingerie, and the sickening rejection of her body against the the growing amount of urine in her bladder. “So, are you staying at my house tonight? We do have school tomorrow.” Mentioned Sam.

Jamie had gently placed her hands between her thighs, in a knife-like manner, similar to before. She rubbed her thighs together, enjoying the feeling of it all. Within that, she hadn’t heard Sam say a word. “Jamie?” Sam asked again.

“Hm?”

“Are you staying at my house tonight?”

“Sure, if I could.”

“Okay, some rules I have to start putting into place as well. Pay close attention, okay?”

Jamie, hands still between her thighs, looked up at Sam, unable to see him because of her bangs.

“Okay, rule one, you will do everything I tell you to do. And rule two, you will dress the way I want.”

Jamie was sweating, her deepest, wettest dreams of consensual abuse and being owned were coming true before her very eyes! She hid her face behind her hair to hide her expression of arousal. She asked a rather important question, “But what if I am in a situation where I really don’t want to do something? Like when I’m up on stage? Or acting? Or with my friends?”

“Jamie. Listen to me, and listen to me well… Okay? You will do everything I say. Without question. Whether you like it or not. End of discussion.”

Golden ticket. The perfect answer. Jamie could barely contain herself. The throbbing warmth of unfiltered arousal pulsed through her body, making her turn a bright red all over. “Of course, I will.” She muttered in response.

Sam kind of knew he had to say that, it was quite obvious from the way she discussed her kinks on the walk. The car fell silent for a few minutes as they waited for the extremely horny aura to fade away. After so much strain, walking, and touching, the two had become rather hungry. In a complete 180, Sam pulled off of the highway in to a rest stop. The sight of a bathroom Jamie couldn’t use made her bladder send another wave of disagreement through her full body. “We’re gonna grab something quick to eat, and I will get a drink for you. No, you can not use the bathroom here. Wear something, you can’t go eating in just lingerie.”

Jamie nodded, and reached to her bag to grab her school uniform skirt and shirt. Strangely, despite their school not having a uniform policy, she insisted on wearing identical mid-thigh length gray pleated skirts, white button down shirts, denier tights, black Mary Janes, and black ties every day. She slid the skirt up her well toned legs, and to her waist, realizing that like this, she would look like a slut. Wearing what was very clearly garters holding up what was very clearly stockings, wearing six inch heels, even a blind person could tell that she was wearing lingerie, only made worse by her button downs being cheaply thinned, and therefore exposing her bra every day.

Sam wouldn’t even let her take off the gloves.

Oh, this was bad. Very bad. Despite her likeness to being slightly exposed, this was dozens of strangers in a truck stop that could see her most private portion of her closet, all white she reeked of sweat, pine trees, and old piss. plus, she already had to pee pretty badly again. Before she had a chance to reconsider her “anything goes” policy, Sam had already yanked her out of her seat, and pulled her to the fast food restaurant. She closed her eyes when the sound of the door chime ringed. Only to be met with nothing but the electrical hum of the overhead lights. She opened her eyes, the restaurant was completely empty. All except for one person, a petite, pretty looking girl their age at the counter. She looked stressed out, and restless, but that didn’t matter. Jamie was not in any state to think critically.

Sam could tell by the look on the girl at the counter’s face exactly what was going on…

This situation was too good to pass up.

(Gonna write an in-between piece from the workers POV)

*006*2022-03-27 06:09

April 12th, 1988.

Dear Diary,

Hi, it’s me, Stevie. I wasn’t expecting to use you so soon, I actually just bought you yesterday. Today was pretty notable, and I thought it would be pretty nice to write down what happened, because I don’t feel all too well after it all. I mean, I’m not sick, just embarrassed. Whatever, I’ll just get it down.

Since you are new to my diary collection, let me get you filled in. I am Stevie Cassie. I know, two first names. I am 18 years old, and a senior in high school. I’m part of the Acrobatics club, drama club, and am trying to become an actor. I currently work at a fast food place in a rest stop at the highway that crosses through my town. It pays well, but the work there can be stressful sometimes, which is why I decided to write here today.

So, for context, a group of girls was caught smoking weed and causing damage in the bathroom, so they had to shut it down. Now girls can't go to the bathroom, so most of us have to go kinda pretty really super badly by the time school lets out. The thing is, immediately after school, I have to be at work. And on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, I have clubs, which means I'm still at school, which means I can't use the bathroom.

Clubs are usually worse, because they go till 10. Plus, because I have to use my voice a lot in drama and move around a ton in acrobatics, I also drink a lot more. Work lets out at about 9:30.

Okay, so. It’s kind of weird that the first thing I write in my new diary is my bathroom habits, but this is why. A.K.A. the story I've been building up to.

Okay, so, I don’t know why, but today I had to go a lot worse when I left school than I usually do. I was almost late to work because I was preoccupied, doing a pee-pee dance outside of my car when I arrived. My manager wasn't happy with that, so I kind of got scolded when I walked in. I tried not to look like I had to go while she was there, because she's a bit of a micromanaging jerk. When she left, she locked up her office and walked out without another word.

You see, Diary, the issue here is that the employee’s bathroom is in her office. Which, even then, I wouldn’t be able to go, because to leave my station, I need to have a co-worker covering me. Which I don’t. I am the only person working that shift. I think god was merciful that day, because nobody walked in for basically the entire shift. Which was good, because I was pee-dancing like I had gone mad. It wasn’t my fault! It hurt a lot since lunch, by the time I got to work, it felt like my unmentionables were being stabbed. By that last hour, it was like I was being shot! Pins and needles all over. I stood watching the door while I danced to make sure nobody saw me. I took deep breaths the whole time too, because they seemed to help.

Then, literally five minutes before my shift was supposed to end, a couple walked in. And I recognized them. It was Jamie from my clubs, and her boyfriend Sam! I locked up my body and stopped pee dancing. Apparently, i wasn't supposed to do that, because all of the pain and stuff that I was feeling began feeling a million times worse for every second that passed. Believe me, Diary, they were there for more than a few seconds.

Now, I am very good at not crying, so that wasn't a problem they ordered, taking their sweet time. I wrote it down, my hands hurt and shook a lot, because all of the pain had spread throughout my body. I slowly made it to the back, it was impossible to walk because each step made it all feel a billion times worse, on top of that million times worse, that totals up to a quadrillion times worse! It was so bad that I was dizzy, and on the verge of passing out the whole time I prepared their meals. Then I had to walk the tray over to them, numbers can no longer describe the pain.

So they ate, and left. I then had to clean and close up the restaurant, which usually takes about 20 minutes, but it took twice that because i was numb, shaky, and slow.

Oh yeah, by then I had just gone totally numb. Which didn't feel much better than the pain.

The numbness gave me confidence that I could make it home, and I just barely almost did. My whole body shook more and more as i drove home, I walked up the stairs, unlocked the front door, and almost made it to the bathroom in my bedroom before I just fell on the hallway floor outside the bedroom door and began wetting myself. i don't know how long I was there for, but it felt like it just kept coming out and out for minutes on end.

And now, I lay flat in the hall, soaking in this puddle. I’ll be honest, while it did hurt a bit today, it was pretty entertaining. Personally, I might do it again. Maybe, just for the hell of it. I know, how devilish! I have acrobatics tomorrow, so let's see how that goes.

*007*2022-03-27 21:44

{{15 hours ago, Mariomo said:

And on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, I have clubs,

}}

This is inconsistent with the timeline, I'm adjusting this to mondays, wednesdays, and fridays.

*008*2022-03-27 23:39

April 13th, 1988.

Dear Diary,

Today was a very rich day. I bet you are dying to know how, don’t worry, I’m dying to tell you!

So, usually to school, I like to wear one of my tartan skirts, a pair of stocking tights, a brown wool sweater of some kind, and some white wool leg warmer socks. Usually I have them rolled down, but it is April in Vermont, so I pull them up to their longest to keep me warm, which is at about my mid thigh, leaving a small gap in between the skirt and the leg warmers where you can see the stocking tights. I am such a fashionista, right?

Well, on days where acrobatics are scheduled, all of the acrobats have to wear their school issued leotards to school, and we can’t wear anything else for whatever reason (Some scandal that happened in the 70’s, from what I heard.) now, this is of course a major inconvenience to the acrobats, as these things are thinner than the lunch napkins, so they are very cold. Of course, this causes riots among the boys, since all the popular girls have their hips and thighs all exposed for their enjoyment. I don’t mind it though, I love being in attention. I also wore a black pair of six inch heels I bought not too long ago.

In particular, they are black very high cut leotards with no shoulders or sleeves, and the school also supplements them with black shoulder length gloves, and leg warmer socks that go way up to the upper thighs. Well, “Warmer'' is an exaggeration, since they are just as thin as the gloves and leotard.

Remember what I said yesterday? About how I would “Do it again”? Well, I did. I actually still am. You see, you are a book, so let me get you caught up. When a gal does human things, like drinking, the water goes in her body, does some magic stuff, and then gets put in her bladder where it waits until she can find a little ladies room to empty it out. Now, when the water, now called “Pee” is waiting there, the bladder will make a little bit of pain, telling the girl that “Hey, you should empty me!” The more the gal stores in there, the more it hurts. My goal is to store it until the whole thing is completely filled up, like a balloon about to pop, and then never dispose of it. All for my entertainment, of course!

You might be thinking, “Stevie-girl, you’re crazy! That must hurt like a… very painful thing! I mean, it did yesterday!” Yes, you are right, it did. It still does, because I still haven't let it go as of sitting down to write this. Now, call me crazy, call me weird, but I actually think that feeling is really nice! For one, it’s very warm, and very comfortable. Second, It helps me stay awake, attentive, and gets me casual exercise in the form of a pee-pee dance.

Third, and I just found this out today, when a girlie’s bladder starts to get fuller, it begins to poke out of her belly a little, and when it is completely full, it puts this gorgeous curve on her belly, it looks really pretty, and as I write this, I’m still getting up now-and-then to check myself out in the mirror, I know you don't have eyes, but trust me. It looks stunning. It’s also really hard & heavy, like someone put a steel ball in my belly. It also really, really hurts when I touch it, but that’s no matter, since its fun to press on it, rub and pat it. Okay, okay. Call me crazy all you want, but trust me when i say, it really made my day a lot more rich and eventful. It really put me in my comfort zone.

Now, it is time to get to the meat and bones of the story, that being what happened today. So, taking the knowledge that I taught you in mind, When i woke up this morning, I had a good amount of stuff to drink. I consider myself a tea-head, so I had two fat mugs of it with breakfast, and brought another large amount of it in my thermos, which is pretty big, since it’s supposed to last all day.

So, I guess tea hits hard, because by the time I got to school, I was already kinda crossing my legs when no one was looking while I pulled stuff from my car. A few boys came up to flirt with me, because of course they would do that to a gymnast in a leotard. And that kept me out in the cold for a real long time while they spoke. When they eventually left, I was one leg over the other the whole time I got my things from the car. When I got inside, though, I kind of stopped needing to go as much. I don’t know why. Maybe the cold made my nerves more sensitive?

I got in to my first period, and i forgot to mention something.

So, there is this boy in all of my classes that I have the biggest crush on. He is just the cutest thing! His name is Joey Harris Johnson, and he is a short-ish boy with really fluffy curly hair. He is really skinny and doesn't talk to anybody, so I’ve been trying to talk to him every day. I think he might like me back!

I got in my first period, and I think it may have been my first time wearing the leotard around him, because he was speechless when I walked up to him. I felt like flirting with him too, so I sat on his desk. It was getting a bit intense in my bladder already, so I held both my hands pretty firmly in my lady’s area. I did some small talk with him until the teacher told me to get off the desk. I sat next to him, and pulled my seat quite close. I kept talking with him about anything, all while I kept using my hands, crossing my legs, and shifting about in my seat. to keep my need for the ladies room under tarps.

Eventually, class let out, and I tried my best to stand up straight and walk without breaking stride to dance or cross my legs, and get to my locker, where I had stored my thermos of tea alongside all of my class equipment. I took a few hefty gulps, and made it to my next period. Once again, I sat beside Joey, and spoke with him throughout class. I was unable to stay still for a second in my seat, I had my legs crossed doubly, both my hands firmly between my thighs, and I was hunched over my desk, resting on top of my chest (DD, I'm really proud of them!) the whole class. Joey took notice and asked if I was okay. I did not want him knowing it was purposeful. So I used the common excuse that the girl’s bathroom had been shut down. He said that he had forgotten, and got a bit concerned. It was only two hours into the day, and he knew I had to go very urgently.

He asked me if it was going to be a problem, and I said that it would. He offered to help me in any way that he could, and I accepted, as well as making a move! I said he was a lifesaver, and then I freed up my hands to give him a hug, and a peck on the cheek! Romantic, I know.

Anyways, that period ended, and the next was the free period. Joey helped me down to the cafeteria, keeping me occupied with conversation, and such. We got there, got my lunch (I got mine with a bottle of water that I drank behind his back while he walked with me to our destination.) our destination being the private study room in the library. The front desk there was unattended, so we managed to get both of us in there, usually, we both wouldn't be allowed, as the rooms are completely closed off, which let some students do some nasty things back then. But we got in without a hitch, and he locked the door.

I almost immediately doubled over and started doing a pee-dance, it was beyond my control. He urged me to calm down, straighten up, and act natural. So I did. Standing without doing any of the crossing or dancing was hard enough as it is. My bladder was hurting a lot at that point, so when I stood up straight, it started stabbing me all over my abdomen.

It was at that point that I noticed that I was bloating a lot too, from my bladder being so stretched by its fullness. I didn’t know that it was my bladder at that moment, so when I complained about it aloud, he explained to me what it was. Apparently, he is studying human biology. I explained to him all of my symptoms, and he wrote them all down in a little booklet. A tad odd, but if analyzing me is a form of flirting, he can be my little nerd.

Eventually, after the free hour was up, we broke off to go to our lockers, i went to mine, took a few more swigs of tea, and met up with him at our next class. I was too out of it, focusing on my bladder the whole class. Eventually, the numbness came back. When I mentioned it to him after dealing with it for half the class, he wrote it down, and began to talk with me. He told me that I shouldn't feel that, and that I needed to empty some pee from my bladder.

Over all, he suggested to me that I wet myself a little bit, just enough for the numbness to go away, and that if it came back, to do it again, and keep repeating until I could find a bathroom.

And so, right there in class, I started to pee myself, little by little, until the numbness receded. By the end of it, my leotard gusset area was wet, as well as my thigh-highs, but the most notable part was the slight pool of my pee that had started to gather, cupped up on top of my thighs and crotch. He grabbed a few tissues and balled them up so they could absorb it. He is a very thoughtful gentleman! The rest of the class consisted of me trying hard not to look like I was dying for a restroom.

The periods rotated again, I went to my locker, took another large drink from the thermos of tea, and headed to my final period. It was phys-ed. Luckily, I didn't have to change, because my leotard counted as the school’s athletic clothes. A few of the girls in my class had asked the coach to sit aside, as a large number of the female students by then were suffering from bladder emergencies not unlike mine. Luckily, the coach was lenient, he let them all stand aside. Most of them were doing movements similar to mine up against the wall. Those that were not were absolute messes. They were dancing and bouncing like mad. Something I would do, had I not been seen by dozens of people.

By the end, there were two girls left that would still participate. Me, and a fellow acrobat, Jamie. I am jealous of her in so many ways. I consider myself good looking, cute, pretty, attractive, hot, hell, I’ll say it. I am one sexy number. Jamie is twice what I could be. She was a supermodel with gorgeously long hair, six foot three, perfect face, and a mystery surrounding her eyes, since nobody had ever seen them.

The rest of our teams consisted of boys. My team had good members, football and baseball players like Josh, Rudy, Jamie’s boyfriend Samuel, and Eric. Joey was piled in with a bunch of the nerds and weaker players, so the balance was totally skewed in our favor. The game in question?

Dodgeball.

Luckily for me, as soon as it started, I got tapped on the shoulder by a stray ball, so I was outed immediately. I sat against the wall with all of the other girls who had stayed aside due to bathroom emergencies. I watched as the rest of the game happened. My team was cocky, and a lot of my teammates got outed. Joey got outed, and came to sit with me, like a gentleman! By the end it was just 2 people. Samuel, and Jamie.

Samuel, despite it being his girlfriend, proceeded to throw the most insane ball I've ever seen. He threw it so strongly, you could hear it whooshing through the air, and the rubbery pang that it made as it hit Jamie was deafening. Jamie keeled over and curled into a ball. Sam got scolded for doing what he did, but he defended himself by saying that she liked it. Kinky.

The period ended eventually, not without some casualties from a couple of female classmates having accidents. I asked Joey if he could watch after me during my acrobatics practice, and he agreed! So I gave him another peck on the cheek, and sent him off to the stage. Meanwhile, I got up, rushed to my locker to drink from my thermos, and then lugged it over to the acrobatics stage, where I kept it backstage. It was still half full, and I needed to finish it by the end of practice at 10PM. So I had to start drinking. Despite me only peeing bits once I got numb, my bloating only got more and more intense. Each time I went up on stage to do moves and be judged, it was harder and harder to do them fluidly. Joey just watched. He just wrote his notes.

I was too busy trying not to have an accident the whole time to pay attention and recall any specifics, but I made it. I made it to the end, and I was in PAIN.

After the gymnastics, when everyone had left, I spoke to Joey, and gave him a hug, which he returned! I also gave him my phone number, which I'm hoping for a call back.

Once I got home, I got right to you, Diary. I've been pee dancing the whole time, trying not to have an accident while writing this, so I apologize if my handwriting is sloppy. I think I will wait until I go to bed to wet myself. I also have to get the thermos and everything ready for a repeat tomorrow, except I have work. Oh boy. Goodnight, Diary, I have to get to brewing tea now!

*010*2022-03-30 02:19

ALL MISTAKES IN THIS CHAPTER ARE PURPOSEFUL! It is meant to look like some guy wrote it in his free time between the events happening, after all. Don't think i didn't include the fine details, though!

4/13/88

I documented todays events because they were quite notable.

8:00AM: I’m in class, and Stevie walks in. Today she walked in wearing the school gymnast uniform (leotard that shows off a lot of the side skin, and stops at the top of her breast. Shoulder length gloves, almost butt high socks, all black.) it’s super thin so wherever it stretches, you can really see through. I think they knew this, because the gusset and the breast caps are thicker than the rest of the leotard. I could see right through her socks and most of her leotard, so it was hard not to seem aroused, I guess the “one size fits all” aspect went a bit wrong. She sat on my desk and started talking to me. She was shifting around and had her legs crossed. I think she might need to pee.

10:30AM: Second period is halfway done, yeah, she definitely has to pee. Her legs are crossed and she cannot sit still.

Nevermind she just admitted that she has to go, I asked her if she was okay and apparently it’s an emergency. That’s very, very hot. I’m going to bring her to the private study rooms so she can dance and squirm freely. It’s gonna be really sexy.

She kissed me too. I think she might like me, but I don’t know if I reciprocate.

11:05AM: She feels comfortable enough around me, she is doing a really frantic pee dance. It’s very sexy, I am gonna see if I can get her to stand still and straight, so I can see her bladder bulging. I’ll take note of it, then I’ll let her dance some more.

Very large. I’m hoping it can get bigger.

11:55: very frantically pee dancing. Very hot, periods almost over. Not much else to say.

12:20: numbness from overholding. Gonna try and let her leak some out to relieve pressure.

3:10. I couldn’t write much during the last 2 periods, but she invited me to watch her at acro practice, excellent opportunity to see her work herself with such a full bladder.

6:10: it has come to my attention over the past three hours that most of these girls are also frantically desperate. Most of them have bulges of various sizes, go up, barely talk, stiffly do their routines, and either dash, pee dance, or very, very slowly waddle off stage. A few of them are also coming up with wet leotards and thigh high socks. Gloves too, probably a result of accidents? I know accidents are extremely common among girls throughout the school day this year, so their inability to change out of their soaked clothes usually leads to me seeing some very cute, albeit embarrassed girls.

7:30: a girl finally had an accident on stage. She is pretty short and was built well, but very skinny in the arms and a very, very thin waist. Her hips were wide though,meaning her thighs were thick, and soft looking. She had a huge rack too. Very cute in my opinion, her makeup was cute too. She slowly shuffled on to stage, dancing and whimpering the whole time. The judges just sat there silently. A girl on the verge of wetting herself as she performed was a hundred times a day occurrence.

She just stood there, pee dancing for ten minutes.When she burst, the flood was so great that it had started spilling off the stage. This was despite the performance area being all the way in the middle. She still had to do her routine though. it was fluid enough, as she wasn’t desperate any more, but her performance had an air of defeat and utter sadness around it, exemplified by her moves. The judges thought it was pretty good, and liked the defeated nature, saying that she would be a “good fit for a more somber and depressive routine” I guess this was a letter of acceptance, because all of her shame and grief was immediately gone from her face. So cute. Might talk to her about this event.

9:00: after Jamie’s performance, she seemed to get resounding applause as always. I noticed that her movements were extremely fluid, and her dancing was lively and fun. This was all despite what I think may have been a massive, bowling ball bladder that she had sticking out of her belly.

9:30: Stevie performed. She didn’t just have a bowling ball bladder, her bladder looked like it was holding back an insane flood. I think she may have let out spurts sometimes, as her gusset and the tops of her thigh highs remained shiny and richly wet looking the entire time she was on stage. I know she has competition with Jamie, so she tried her hardest to do better than her despite her obviously debilitating state. Somehow, she got slightly better ratings in her performance compared to Jamie’s.

10:00: is when the performances ended. They called down the janitors to clean the stage, who took some time to get there. A few guys from the other clubs came by to pack all of the equipment up, and once that was done, they let all of the acrobats out. Most of them were already soaked, they hurried out as to not be seen. Stevie came out, small talked me, gave me her number, and left in quite the hurry, most likely her bladder.

10:05: I was gonna start walking home, until I saw a group of 5 acrobats leave the backstage. All of them were mostly dry, but while they left, they were all doing some sort of frantic squirming, and I heard a few complaining about their need to use the restroom. They stood up straight and started to wait in when they saw I was the last person in the theatre, probably because standing straight and walking would be far too much for their bladders to handle. I kept looking in my notebook, pretending not to notice them. They kept standing in place, I could feel them all looking at me, hoping that I would leave so they could move. Their conversation started to hush down, then I saw them start moving out of the corner of my eye, they were trying to leave. I knew I couldn't keep them in the theatre forever just by sitting, so I walked up to them, recognizing a few of them from classes.

Jasmine is a tall, slightly skinny, but still curved African American woman with lighter skin. She is definitely attractive. She was wearing a pair of 7 inch high heeled pumps, which I could clearly see she was struggling vigorously to stand in to begin with, I could only imagine how bad it was while her bladder was the way it was.

Another girl I knew there is Anna. We have been friends for a long time. She is tall too, but not quite as tall as Jasmine, she was skinny, not that she wasn’t in shape, just the thinnest of the bunch. She seemed to be doing better than the rest, she wasn’t dancing as much when she was, and she acted perfectly natural when prompted, kept a straight face, too. I had, however, noticed that she was incredibly bloated from her bladder. Her chest was sized alright, which should bring about some shock when I say that her bladder bloating had stuck out notably farther than her breasts. It was. She seemed to be wearing the same shoes as Jasmine.

I know she is a sort of goth, I don’t know what kind. She doesn’t do the crazy hair, she is ghostly pale and has knee-length slightly wavy ginger hair. She likes dressing in ways that blatantly violate the dress code. She wears lacy corsets, fishnets, thigh high lacy stockings, garters, leather gloves, lots of high heels and combat boots,short frilly dresses and skirts, all that jazz. Tonight she was in her acrobatics outfit, but still had black lip gloss and very thick cateye liner. I know she was a social person and quite self conscious, so I guessed she would do anything to maintain the look that she didn’t need to go. (Post Script: I was right)

Another girl was Daniela, she was perfectly average.

The other two I didn’t recognize, but one of them was that really skinny girl with the huge thighs from up on stage, I guess she had to pee again? The other one was an average height girl with a good face and sexy makeup, she looked like she had the worst visible case of an emergency out of all of them. She couldn’t keep still even while she had to act natural around me.

I spoke with them for a while. They seemed eager for conversation, but I could tell it was only so they didn’t look suspicious. A lot of them had strain and stress in their voices, especially Anna and the unnamed emergency girl. Notably, I can tell that Anna had been faking her aggressive, “dominating” tone and voice this whole time. It was wavering, and I could hear a bit of her natural voice, which was whispery, soft, and high.

1:00 AM: I couldn’t note anything down, and I’m tired, so I’ll make this quick.

At 10:30, Daniela wet herself in the school hallway walking with us. We walked to the student parking lot to leave and start walking home, and unnamed thighs girl and her friend both wet themselves while walking with us.

I offered to walk home with Jasmine & Anna. They both agreed, and we set off towards Jasmine's house.

(Anna and I have lived in the same neighborhood, just three houses between us. I’ve been to her house a bunch, and she has been to mine as well)

We didn’t know that Jasmine’s house, however, was on the neighborhood on the opposite side of the school from the houses of Anna and I. We had to go around the whole school just to get to Jasmine’s. Anna went without hesitation, since she wanted to seem like she didn’t need to pee. I noticed that on top of the fact that she was very slow, barely able to walk in her heels, she started to let her hands wander closer to her parts. I noticed that the gusset of her leotard was distinctly shiny. Obviously wet.

Jasmine kept going, her ability to walk in her pump heels quickly diminished, I noticed her leaving the occasional drop on the ground, it became more frequent exponentially. Until her heel fell in to a crack in the street. Her ankle rolled and she almost fell. As soon as she regained balance, she immediately began to gush like a fire hydrant. It wasn’t like she was peeing, it was like her entire bladder just came out all at once. It dumped into a single puddle, which did not run anywhere, since the crack she stepped in was in a slight dip in the road. She was frantically dancing and trying her hardest to stop it the whole time. Since she was using her hands, her gloves had become absolutely drenched. She didn’t seem that phased by it though. She just stood in her puddle, looked at it for a bit, shrugged, and continued leading us to her house.

When we arrived, she dipped behind her door, and we didn’t get a proper goodbye. It was just me and Anna now. She looked very anxious, like she had something to say.

