Soulsborne Omorashi Fanfiction

Author: MrsLittleleaks

*000*2019-11-03 20:15

I am a big fan of the Soulsborne series but sadly there is a big lack of Omorashi fanfiction for it (there are only like 4 of them that aren't my own), so I started to write my own and put them into a collection.

Which you can find here:

%https://archiveofourown.org/series/1473239

So far I focus on mostly one character (my fav), but have a few more scenarios in mind. You can also free to give me requests and I see if I can write about it.

Feedback is appreciated. I still have a lot to learn so feel free to tell me if I can better my pacing and descriptions.

*002*2019-11-05 12:56

First, thank you very much ^^

I am not restricted to male only, I am a bisexual female myself, I just think that there is plenty o female Omorashi already and I just love the fact that guys can pee standing up, that makes me more interested in it.

I have to turn down Gwyndolin though, that doesn't have anything to do that I don't like the character, but that I swore to myself to never write smut or kinky stuff about them.

The others should be doable, though all of them require for me to come up with an OC. Do you want to add some details for the scenario? I might have one for a Black Knight already in mind though ^^

The Fallen Knight Trousers, of course, the canon wetted pants in Dark Souls 3 xD I am wondering why nobody has done this before *scratch*

*004*2019-11-05 15:10

Why thank you ^^

Ah, I remember you, yeah, I read your Ciaran Omorash fic, that was a good one.

And the sole fourth was from Orbeck, but I don't remember the writer. I think it was all they ever uploaded sadly, there was a lot of potential in this story.

I have a few scenarios in my mind, but I am mostly deadbent on torturing Laurence from Bloodborne (oh god, I have so many pee headcanons about him), so Requests help me branch out and not focus on a single character ^^

*006*2019-11-05 17:24

Alright, noted.

Though I have to apologize when I take my time. There are a lot of stories I want to write and because I have to make up stuff from scratch for this stories, I have to wait until inspiration hits.

I will @ you when I have one of your requests done though ^^ And I will of course update this thread with every other Soulsborne Omo fic I post.

*008*2019-11-08 14:06

I have a new story ready, this time our dear Dragon Slayer is the one who gets desperate:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/21356500

I will go on a vacation soon and probably won't have much time to write, but I have an idea for Silver Knight, Black Knight and Dark Wraith. Still blank on Abyss Watcher and Fallen Knight Trousers.

(I also have a few more completed Laurence desperation stories ready, but they need some cleaning.)

*010*2019-11-08 19:57

{{1 hour ago, 124578 said:

Not a huge fan of desperation without wetting but it's still a very good story!

}}

I am a huge fan of the "Just made it" scenario. Wetting is nice, but when people can take a super long piss, that is the best for me. So I probably will mainly write stories about this.

But it depends on the scenario and what the character does. I also have wetting and partial wetting in mind. I tag the stories if a wetting takes place, so you can see at once if it is in there ^^ In fact, the next story I plan to write involves a wetting scenario =D

You also are all free to use your imagination and imagine what if scenarios, I like to do this all the time, even with my own stories!

Oh, and thank you of course!

To be honest, I had to go back and edit a dozen of mistakes out... that happens when you write when you are sick...

*011*2019-11-25 15:29

@124578

I finished the first request, a desperate silver knight. I hope you like it ^^

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/21560323/chapters/51400021

I pulled out an already existing OC for this one, it was fun writing her ^^ Also, I kinda went a bit overboard, because these are almost 3k words! I guess I got some headcanons into it also xD

*013*2019-11-25 20:21

Oh no, don't worry, I used Amira because I wanted to. I might prefer male characters, but writing about a female character was hardly different. It actually was quite fun going back to this particular character.

I actually have the remaining chapters planned with two females and two males, so it will get a bit mixed up ^^

I am very glad that you liked it! I probably post one of my finished Laurence stories next before going back to this. And of course I have to write on my non Omo stories ^^' Ah well, I see when I have time. I may get a few lines written here and then.

*015*2019-11-29 15:54

Oh, you want to see some of the most dignified characters in desperate situations ^^ Certainly good choices!

Anything you prefer for the scenarios or can I go wild?

Also, thank you very much for your praise ^^

*016*2019-12-02 19:53

I still have to write the requests, but in the meantime I finished one of my Laurence ones, set at Byrgenwerth again ^^

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/21649939

*017*2019-12-15 07:57

Quick update on life.

Because of christmas I have been rather busy. Add writer's block to this and I barely got anything done. Then add a weekend where I am out for like 80 % of my time and I had to finish all my housework over the week and still no writing is done.

And then I had the mad idea to draw a LOT for christmas and all my creativity got into this (sorry, I don't draw Omorashi, I am not good enough for this, I'll stick with writing).

I have story ideas for most of the requests and just need to write them down, but am focusing on my non Omorashi stories atm. I was thinking to just write them on the weekend, because they are usually one-shots between 1 and 4 k words and should be done in two to three hours, but yesterday something happened and I kinda didn't get to write on a story...

Maybe I manage to write on the next request today. I also have a few other ideas, but don't know when to write them. Some of my original ideas are also perfect for Ovenember and so I planned to slowly write them over the year and then post next November (so that you would get a fic daily in the November of 2020).

Ok, to conclude, when it comes to request, I am totally fine when you request ships btw. I have next to no NOTPs in Soulsborne and the only one I kinda have is with the character that I don't want to write in Omo situations anyone (aka Gwyndolin).

Last, but not least, with Soulsborne I mean ALL the games. So Demon's Souls, Dark Souls 1, 2 and 3, Bloodborne and Sekiro Shadows Die Twice are totally fine to request. I played them all.

(Btw, you guys really awakaned my love of female Omorashi and now I like it as much as male Omorashi...)

*019*2019-12-17 15:31

@124578

(do this numbers mean anything btw?)

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/21560323/chapters/52107052

I found some time yesterday and today and used it to finish the story about the desperate Black Knight. Tell me how you liked it.

I probably will do the request about Maria next. The scenario is in my head and I only need to write it down.

*021*2019-12-17 18:03

{{18 minutes ago, 124578 said:

Look at the number pad on your keyboard.

}}

Aaah, I get it!

I mean, when I look at the stuff I want to do for Ovemember than I mainly use male characters for it again xD So branching out into females with a few requests feels about right.

*023*2019-12-18 16:48

{{2 hours ago, 124578 said:

Actually what is Ovenember?

}}

Ah, it is a thing that started on tumblr with the Omorashi community there. Basically, it is a writing challenge for the month of November.

30 omo centric fics, each with a different prompt. I think it started like four years ago and in the meantime we have different lists, but I fond the original list and intend to use it. I already have started writing the first one ^^ I hope I can finish them all before November so that I can post daily without trouble.

But don't worry, in the meantime I still work on the requests and every original idea I have =D

*024*2020-01-07 14:38

@diokno44x

I have one of your requests ready, about Maria. Because you didn't had any wishes for it, I have let my imagination run wild.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/22160122

Also sorry at everyone for the long wait, christmas got me busy and then I got a really stubborn cold which still is plaguing me *argh*

