The Desperate Promotion

Author: Markj9494

*007*2021-08-07 22:27

Hey, sorry this took so long. Work has been busy and I was struggling to come up with an ending. Part of the problem of setting it up as an interactive was even I didnt know where it was going to end up! But here is chapter 2 and the conclusion, I hope you enjoy it!

The desperate promotion – Part 2 of 2

“And six pints of water please” Willow said, a cheeky smile on her face as the stood at the bar Of the Princess inn. “Wouldn’t want you guys to get drunk would we”. Willow repeated the earlier sentiment and enjoyed the unconfident look she got from Victoria. She wasn’t usually one to get her own back for something, but Victoria had made the decision for all of them when handing them the water earlier. Her own desperation increasing very quickly after that point, the extra fluid steaming through her system fuelled by the probably diuretic energy drinks. Roxy for her part was still playing the strong and confident type, but Willow had been seeing the signs of someone starting to feel their bladder fill for at least the last hour. Her friend had been doing a good job of hiding it, but Willow was sure she would be backing down from her position soon. For all they knew it could carry on for hours, with dozens of pubs still to come.

“I know what you are doing, but it doesn’t matter” Roxy said, glaring at her friend slightly who was still smiling at her. Grabbing the glass, she tipped it back and began to chug, a show of force while the others slowly sipped from theirs. A few smiles could be seen from that outburst, It seemed that it wasn’t just Jana that had felt hard done by over the last few hours, and now they were going to enjoy playing with Roxy.

“Right then, should we make a move” Roxy chimed up after downing the water quickly, placing the empty pint glass on the counter.

The others paused for a moment exchanging glances, maybe this wasn’t such a good plan. Picking up the pace they followed suit and emerged out into the night once again, their bright blue energy drink cans in their hands and ready to be drunk.

Behind them and out of sight of the others, Roxy allowed herself to quickly press into her crotch for a moment. The cold nights air reaching her straining bladder and causing it to contract inside her for a moment. The stiff hem of her overly tight jeans digging into her painfully, she considered undoing the top button but knew the others would take that as a sign of weakness.

Thankfully as they cheered and started drinking most of them were feeling somewhat refreshed. Jana, Willow, Polly and Francesca had all enjoyed making use of the great outdoors for better or worse, their bladders empty and almost carefree. Although all were aware of the fullness of their stomachs, still bulging out slightly with the vast quantity of liquid they had consumed over the night. But they at least had a little bit of time before it flowed into their bladders. Only the buxom Roxy and Victoria had reason to worry as they downed their 7th pint of energy drink of the night.

*Ding*

“Hey, were down in 11th” Polly said a little sadly after having lost a couple of places despite their correct answer. The waiting around in line and short detour to the toilet for Jana had been somewhat of a speedbump. Although it could have been worse, in more than one way Jana thought to herself.

“Right then, we are really going to have to motor through these.” Willow said, seemingly taking the lead of the group from Roxy who was once again standing rigidly with her arms and legs crossed.

“If anyone needs to pee, just tell us early and we can work out the best place to do it. No point in wasting an empty bathroom if it will save us time at the next place right?”, a small glance at Polly telling the others who she was thinking about. But even so, they couldn’t help but all feel like they had been in that position at least once this night.

“Since there are just 4 of us now, we can do two at a time?” Francesca brought up, smiling back at Roxy and Victoria and hoping to see them flinch or falter but they stood strong. Although a faint glimmer could be seen reflecting the lights of the bar on Roxy’s face.

“I cant believe you involved me in this” Victoria said to Roxy as Francesca looked down at her phone, her attention taken away from them.

“Oh come on, you were teasing her just as much, and anyway we will be fine. How many more pubs could there possibly be on this thing.” Roxy replied, uncrossing her legs and despite the fraying at the corners of her appearance, she sounded absolutely confident in her ability to wait until they were over.

“We don’t know it could be….”

“Taxi’s here” Polly said again, pointing down a couple of hundred meters to the road and cutting Victoria's complaint off.

For the next 45 minutes things went as well as possible, the group becoming veterans in their riddles, or maybe they were getting easier. The game designer hoping to give those who were falling behind a chance at catching up, but it seemed to be working out well for them.

First the Boat house, a fisherman’s friend that had pulled them up to 8th. Then on to the Jolly moose via a quick detour to Box factory pub where Polly and Francesca took use of the empty bathrooms to relieve themselves in a pit stop almost as fast as you would see in formula one. Their small bladders emptying themselves in under 30 seconds, it seemed even their organs were now putting in the effort to help them win this thing.

With 4 out of 4 right answers they cheered after downing their drinks outside the Jolly moose.

“We are in first!” Jana said in delight as she held her phone, but looking up she didn’t get the same level of excitement from the others she was with. Polly and Willow had already walked off to grab a taxi from the rank nearby. It seemed pointless to call a taxi if there were some just a short walk away and they were trying to keep the momentum they had built up. That just left Jana with Francesca who was currently fixing her hair using her phone, Victoria and Roxy who had barely said a word in the last 10 minutes. Both dark haired women were standing with their legs pressed together tightly, and rocking on the spot as they tried to battle the increasing pressure inside their bodies.

Although, it was easy to see that despite her stalwart facial expressions, it was Roxy who was beginning to suffer the worst having not relieved herself all night. A giant bulge pushing out of her usually toned stomach and squeezing against the deathly tight waist band of her jeans. A noticeable bulge pushing up and over it, the buttons almost pulled back through the holes by the pressure being exerted on them by her stomach and bladder. The recent uptick in speed and efficiency forcing them both to down pints faster than they had the rest of the night, the swimming pools worth of liquid now sitting in their round, heavy stomachs.

The others had been watching them both but in particular Roxy, originally in enjoyment of her getting some of her own medicine. That has soon changed to a sort of morbid fascination, with each establishment they visited her bulge grew and the pressure increased. They were all starting to wonder how far she could go, her insurmountable bladder taking a beating but holding in there, much to their surprise. In the last pub she had almost groaned after downing the drink, her teeth clenched and nostrils flaring. But she didn’t break, her face sweating and pale but still she held on silently. Would she ever break, surely she must realise at some point she would reach a limit.

“Jana…” Victoria said sweetly, her own face flushed and legs rubbing against one another rapidly.

“Yes?” Jana replied in kind, knowing where this was going and revelling in the satisfaction she was about to get.

“Im sorry for earlier, I didn’t mean it.” Victoria said.

“Do you mean what you said to me, to Polly, to Willow? Or about being able to hold it all night to help us win?” Jana said back, enjoying it a little more than she should. The alcohol was clearly brining out a slightly more sadistic side she didn’t know she had.

“I…all of it. I really, really need to pee.” Victoria begged calmly, bobbing on the spot.

“Well, Maybe you can go in the next place.” Jana replied.

“Hey, that wasn’t me that was Roxy!” Said Victoria, throwing her friend under the bus.

“Oooahh” Roxy groaned, wobbling slightly where she was stood, a hand resting on her bloated bladder as she looked off into the distance with a thousand-yard stare. The involuntary noise the first clear sign she had given to the others she was starting to struggle, not that they hadn’t already noticed. They were sure even passers by could by now tell something was off, the bouncers had given her a strange look but let them in anyway. Probably thinking she was going be sick rather than what was actually wrong with her, her boulder of a bladder.

“You doing alright there?” Jana asked, but the question went unanswered as Roxy just stood there. Clearly she was too preoccupied with ignoring her bladders fullness to reply.

“Oh, looks like they got us one” Francesca replied, holding up her phone with a text message from Willow telling them to get their asses over there.

Taking a few steps, slow steps in Victoria's case they noticed Roxy hadn’t moved. Her white face extenuating her crimson lips that she was biting nervously. The pristine lines of her lipstick now slightly smudged with marks on her front teeth from where they bit into her painted flesh.

“Roxy!” Victoria exclaimed, her own desperation adding urgency to the remark. While she had pee’d once this night, it hadn’t taken long for the multiple pints of energy drink to fill her once again. Now as she restlessly waited for her partner in crime, it was clear to everyone she was basically back to where she had been a couple of hours before. Although this time, the urgency would only be getting worse and worse as the pints flowed through her system relentlessly. Last time it had only been a couple of beers and some water, a fact that she herself was all too aware of.

“What!” Roxy snapped back, her legs uncrossing and re-crossing as a hand hovered near her crotch but she refused to give in with everyone watching. A wave of sudden desperation causing her to teeter slightly as she fought against doubling over completely.

“Taxi, this way” Victoria added, pointing down the street.

“Oh ok” Roxy said, taking a single step before pausing. Looking up she blushed in embarrassment as she realised her friends were watching her every desperate move. She couldn’t believe how humiliated this made her feel. Forcing herself she took another step, grunting softly as she shifted her body around the heavy weight in her abdomen.

It took a few minutes to make the walk with the overfilled Roxy struggling to maintain any pace at all. Clear spikes in pain and desperation were flowing through her body as some of the others watched, her facial muscles twitching and reacting to the sensations going on in her body. But eventually they reached the Cab, Victoria leading the way and quickly ushering the others waiting into the car so they could get underway as soon as possible. Her desperation making her act almost in complete opposite of Roxy.

“Huuu” Roxy made a strange noise as she was forced to compress her bladder as she sat in the back of the cab, her eyes widening and hands moving to “rest” in her lap. Thankfully it seemed the driver wasn’t paying any attention and as the door to her left slammed shut they were on their way.

Arriving at the silly goose 15 minutes later they clamoured out the taxi slowly and headed towards the two story pub on the outskirts of Goose Green. A number of people enjoying the large open green and clear skies for late night picnics or dog walks.

“Guys I really need to pee” Victoria said, bobbing up and down on the spot a little faster than she was before, both hands firmly between her legs. “I’ll be quick I promise.” She pleaded, pivoting her body and doing her best to look innocent.

“Uhhh” Willow sighed, looking at Jana before laughing slightly to herself.

“Well I guess…..”

“WE LOVE BLUE WOMBAT!” A group to their right shouted loudly, causing them all to look over.

“Shit, we need to be quick!” Francesca commented, they were no longer in first and the competition was literally right there!

“Let go!” Willow said urgently as they pushed towards the pub, leaving Roxy standing on her own again. Looking back for a moment the others paused as they watched the desperate woman put one foot tentatively in front of the other. Her lips still pursed and a pained expression on her face.

“Roxy….” Willow started.

“Im fine!” Roxy shot back slightly angrily. Her body racked in pain and betraying her, she had never had this much trouble holding in her pee but right now she felt humiliated by her childish lack of control.

Not needing any more encouragement or wanting to avoid her anger, the others dashed in.

“Look, the toilets empty I could go now!” Victoria said as they passed the ladies room, the door open and inviting them in.

“No way, we are in second and only like a minute behind the others. What If the next place is the last one.” Francesca said, walking between Victoria and the toilet and steering her towards the bar. “Do you want to win?”

“I want to not piss myself” Victoria said sadly, pivoting her right leg and squeezing herself a little tighter.

“Well you better keep those ladies muscles clenched, im not loosing this because you were rude to us and then couldn’t control yourself.” Francesca replied, it seemed the closer they got to the front the more they were actually believing they could win it. Something that was making them a little more determined not to let anyone else off the hook for what they had claimed or said earlier.

Next to them Polly couldn’t help but feel bad for Victoria, despite what she had said earlier. It was just who she was and was why they were friends. Although, part of her couldn’t help but feel a little good about herself, this time it wasn’t her that was causing them any problems. Her smaller bladder sure had been an issue early on, but since then she had only gone a couple of times and Francesca had been just as many times. But being completely truthful, she too could feel her bladder filling. It had been over almost an hour since she had peed and they had all been constantly drinking through that time. Placing a hand on her stomach she felt it churn slightly, the quantity of energy drinks sitting a little uneasily inside her. The fizzy liquid only amping up the pressure she and the others were feeling inside their bodies.

Scanning themselves in Roxy was just about able to keep her outstretched hand steady enough for the barmaid to scan her. A strange look from the woman to the others asking them if they knew if she was ok, but she didn’t say anything. Handing over the cans that they all took swiftly, turning to leave.

“Please, I need to pee and so does Roxy” Victoria pleaded as they approached the open bathrooms.

“Im fine” Roxy replied in a coldly robotic tone, a bead of sweat rolling down the side of her face as she lumbered along behind them.

“Well I need to pee, come on please!” Victoria begged.

“Lets do this and if we are wrong you can pee, or if the taxi is a few minutes away then you can go then.” Willow countered, starting to feel bad for her but still wanting to win.

“Oooh” Victoria whined, giving in and following them out into the nights air once more.

But reaching the bottom of the slope to the pub she couldn’t help but moan loudly, doubling over and clutching herself again.

“I cant drink any more, im about to explode!” She whined.

“UHgh!” Roxy grunted beside them again, her body clearly reaching intolerable levels of desperation as she fought against the giant mass of liquid bearing down on her tiring muscles.

“Do we even have to drink them” Roxy asked quietly, staring strangely at the can in her hand after taking a moment to regain some semblance of control. Although the question itself was a sure sign of how much she was struggling, at the start of the night or even an hour earlier she would never had suggested that.

“Yeah, how would they know!” Victoria asked excitedly, looking over towards the others.

“Do you guys really want to take that risk?” Willow asked.

“Yeah, come on I want these tickets. Don’t get us disqualified now we are basically in the lead!” Francesca replied, folding her arms across her chest and giving both the desperate women a disapproving look. Ignoring the rest of them and dashing to a toilet was one thing, in fact Francesca was assuming that was what would happen when they finally reached their actual limits. But to get them disqualified was totally different. She and the others hadn’t gone all over town to mess it up now.

“But I….” Victoria said exasperatedly, bending over clutching her stomach with one hand while the other stayed between her tightly crossed legs.

“Right, lets do this. Who knows it might be the last one!” Jana said, pointing to the phone that had now been set up opposite them.

“We love blue wombat” they shouted at Polly's phone again for the umpteenth time that night, some of them sounding far more convincing that others. The establishments and drinks blurring together and being hard to count as the night wore on.

“Oooha” Victoria whined again, throwing the empty can away from herself and dropping into a crouched position, leaning back she began bobbing on her heels to give her stomach as much room as possible. Fumbling with her Jeans she undid the top button. Breathing heavily through her nose as she set her bladder free, although the relief was worryingly short lived.

Another painful pulse rolling through her abdomen as she bounced, slamming her shoe into her crotch as if hammering a nail into a the boards covering the cracking defences of her muscles. The onslaught of water and drinks driving her crazy, the strange bouncing jostling everything around inside her violently but for some reason it seemed to help. The overbearing weight on her muscles gone, replaced with a painful sensation as if the expanded bag of water inside her was pulling on her skins nerves directly. But somehow it seemed to help her desperation, the pain replacing the overwhelming urge to pee like stubbing a toe to ignore a headache.

“Right you guys said I could go if we got it wrong or the taxi is late?” She said to the others.

“We were right!” Polly announced a moment later, “We in first again!”

Wait, why were we rushing. What about that other group at the front shouting about blue wombat? Victoria thought to herself.

"Weird, I guess that other group got another of the clues wrong and came here?" Willow said to Jana,

Dam it that meant that was one option down for peeing now, Victoria thought to herself, but that still left….

But as she looked up a she noticed a cab pulling up, a group of 4 people rushing out and towards the pub. They must be the group in second and were only 2 minutes ahead of them. That kind of difference was tiny, a wrong turn in the taxi, even walking slower than them could cost them the lead. But Victoria couldn’t help but hope that somehow as she watched Polly talk to the driver, that he already had another fare lined up. She knew she shouldn’t be hoping for that, she and all of her friends really wanted these tickets. It was rumoured to be the last time the band would tour, they couldn’t miss this opportunity. But she felt minutes if not seconds from soaking her jeans and embarrassing herself.

“He’s free!” Polly said waving them over to the now unoccupied cab.

“Oooh” Victoria sobbed internally, before groaning loudly as she heaved her heavily bloated bladder up from her position. Forks of pain shooting out as her skin creaked under the strain of its increased mass. Ambling towards the cab next to the equally slow moving and deathly white Roxy, their footsteps was causing powerful pulses to radiate from their throbbing bladders.

“Ooohohoh” The pair whimpered as the lowered themselves into the cab.

“Oh GOD!” Roxy shouted as she sat down in the cab, a hand shooting to her waist, grasping at her jeans for a second before a loud and sudden tearing noise could be heard. Followed a second later by a series of loud clinks as the top button of her jeans exploded off them and ricochet around the cab.

“Jesus” The cab driver muttered to himself.

“Sorry” Polly said sweetly, hoping he wasn’t about to kick them out for that, or more likely the two writhing women clearly minutes from peeing in his cab.

“Where too?” He said, shaking his head.

“Hog and Handmaid please” Polly replied, the clue about an unlikely friendship fairly simple to deduce, although it had been a fierce discussion while waiting for Roxy and Victoria to reach them outside about this and the stag and pheasant. But of the two options this seemed the odder, so off they went.

By this time in the night the roads were much clearer. It was almost midnight and everyone was clearly already where they were spending the night. The occasional taxi whizzed passed them, taking their drunk occupants home early. Lines of people were now starting to form outside the late night takeaways as they spilled out of the pubs and headed to the bars and night clubs that stayed open later. A quick detour to recharge before heading out again.

“We neeeeeed to stop” Victoria whined again.

“Ignore her” Francesca said, trying to play it off to the driver.

“Im about to wet myself”

“You better not!” The driver said angrily, looking in his rear-view mirror.

“She can hold it, it will be fine!” Willow cut her off, ignoring her desperate plea and holding up a hand apologetically to the driver.

“Wait, the toilet in town. Please, I can just use that.” Victoria countered, thinking back to Jana and her near miss earlier.

“Its like 5 minutes to the next place, come on!” Francesca countered again.

“We can hold it” Roxy said, her face a deep grimace as she violently gripped her crotch with all her might. Even with the button flying off and the temporary release, it was only helping so much in this position.

“I cant….” Victoria repeated, rocking backwards and forwards in her seat. But as she stammered out those words she noticed the metallic silver cubicle go past in the window, a long line of desperate looking people waiting their turn. Several unable to wait and urinating publicly next to it, a couple even using the same bushes Jana had been forced to earlier. It seemed she had inadvertently used what seemed to be an almost regular feature for late night relief.

Moaning deeply she hung her head, her feet starting to stamp into the floor of the car as she continued to rock in her seat, the subtle acceleration of the taxi telling them all the driver didn’t want to take any chances. A bonus for their chances of staying in first but as they hit a small pot hole that would have been bearable at lower speeds, Victoria and Roxy both groaned loudly. Their muscles assaulted by the sudden bump and shaking their control violently.

Hearing the women grunt behind him, the driver once again looked their way. A prolonged glance back, not at their faces but the condition of the seats under them. Clearly worrying more about his upholstery than the uncomfortable passengers. Lifting his foot off the pedal he decided that the best option for him and his car was to take their time. Even if it put more time between the women and a bathroom, that wasn’t his problem. It would take longer but he knew from experience in this town hitting the pot holes wouldn’t end well. More than once desperate passengers had lost control in his car, then trying to blame him for going to fast and refusing to pay. He wasn’t going to give these women any reason not to pay, so doing his best to ignore the constant shuffling and grunting he focused on the road ahead. Trying to be as smooth and careful as possible.

Despite this, the group arrived quickly at the next pub, a few smokers stood outside the front, but it looked like there was no que.

“I need to pee” Victoria said again as she cradled her bloated bladder getting out of the taxi. A prolonged Grunt escaping from Roxy behind her. The weight of standing tugging down at her muscles as gravity took hold and she lost the support of the seat.

Swallowing deeply the dark-haired woman closed her eyes, sucking in her lips and she fought ever increasingly urgent waves of desperation. She had passed all previously known limits and desperation levels almost an hour ago. Roxy didn’t know how this could get any worse, but she was determined to hold it all in, no matter what. Her bladder was indestructible and would take anything she threw at it!

“I need to pee” Victoria announced once more, no one seemingly acknowledging her.

“Fine you can pee when we submit the clip” Francesca snapped, they had all heard her the first 10 times in the cab. At least Jana hadn’t gone on about it like she was now.

“I need to go now!” Victoria pleaded, her legs violently shaking and rubbing furiously together.

“How about we at least get the drinks?” Jana suggested “That way if anyone else comes in we don’t lose any time behind them?”

Nodding Victoria continued slowly towards the pub, but behind them they noticed another taxi pulling up. It was the group from before!

“Quick!” Willow almost shouted

“I cant do quick!” Victoria answered back as Roxy heaved herself forwards. Her eyes burning and hands now grasping and clutching her aching bladder. One foot in front of the other was all she could think about as they made their way forwards. The other group seemingly more relaxed as one of them got out of the cab.

Making eye contract with Polly it seemed like they realised the situation quickly, ushering the others to get out of the taxi. They were so close every second mattered! Maybe not at this pub or the next one, but they would all add up eventually.

Turning Polly ran for it, joined by Francesca and Jana they apologised to a waiter on his way out the front door they almost ran into.

Quickly finding the bar they approached the bar.

“6 Blue wombat” Polly uttered breathlessly.

“Sure thing” The barman said with a strange smile on his face.

Combing a strand of her hair from her face Polly suddenly felt a little subconscious, why was he looking at her like that.

Grabbing the cans, she went to run away before he remined her of their wrist bands.

“Oh yeah sorry” She blushed again, holding out her hand just as the others made their way over. Roxy and Victoria slowly approaching as the other group barged through. Thankfully though Polly had got their first.

“How can I help” A bar tender asked to their left, the other group instantly darting over.

“Come on!” Polly waved them over urgently, but it seemed the two bloated and desperate women approaching we going as fast as their bodies would allow. The pained and heavy breathing audible even before they got to the counter.

Finally having scanned themselves they each grabbed a drink a glance over to the other group showing they truly were neck and neck. Walking back towards the door Victoria slowed near the sign to the ladies.

“I nee….”

“Don’t even say it, move! What if this is the last place. You can pee after we find out.” Francesca said sternly

Whimpering Victoria continued, picking up her pace and walking through the door, Jana having run ahead with Polly to set up their phone. The other group now passing them once again as the groaning and straining Roxy let out another deep noise as she hoisted her massively expanded body along.

Breathing in through clenched teeth both of them made it outside, Willow waiting with the next door open and accidently holding it open for the other team.

Emerging into the cold air they both gasped, their desperation peaking but moving next to Willow they are ready to film.

“We love blue wombat!” Both groups yelled, almost in unison. The night air filled with the popping sounds of a dozen cans being opened.

Tipping them back most of them guzzled them down, the two groups eyeing each other as they raised their cans further and further into the air. Sucking the drinks out of the cans and greedily slurping them as fast as possible. The nights race could be won or lost in these moments. Or….there could be another 10 pubs to go.

A thought that hit Roxy as she grunted into her can. She was desperately trying to drink but there was in immovable lump in her throat, her whole body tensing up to save her bladder. It was maxed out, hitting its capacity several drinks ago. But despite this she had continued to down them, but now it seemed that it was just impossible.

“Oaaahhh!” Roxy groaned, doubling over violently as her body rebelled against drinking anything more. Forks of pain radiated from her bladder, her skin tingling painfully as it was stretched taught across her massively distended abdomen. The basket ball sized protrusion pushing against her already damaged clothes. The sheer weight of it pulling on the tendons in her back as she stooped.

Next to her, the others in her group had finished, even Victoria who was already dancing around madly. Sweat was pouring off both of them as they struggled, grunting and groaning.

“Allright we got it” Someone from the other group yelled.”

“Arhhhh” Roxy shouted as she pulled herself up, forcing the can to her lips and drinking again. Her bladder shaking and painfully contracting inside of her. But they had a contest to win, her bladder could take it.

Finally the can was empty and upturning it Polly rushed over to the camera, maybe if her connection was better they could upload first? Although what would really matter was who could get the taxi to the next place first. Something that had already occurred to her.

While Roxy had been struggling with the drink she had grabbed Jana’s phone and quickly booked them a taxi. It would already be on the way, so even if they were now in second they would quickly retake the lead.

“YYYEEEESSS!!!!” A shout came from her left. Looking over the group next to them were celebrating, sharing hugs and high fives.

“No….” Polly said softly as the realisation dawned on them. They were not just celebrating being in first….but they had won!”

*Ding*

Looking down it only confirmed it.

“congratulations on completing the challenge, you have placed 2nd”

Congratulations……. Polly thought to herself.

“No way it was that close” Willow in disbelief as they watched the other group enter the pub to celebrate.

“We lost?” Jana said sadly, everything she had been through tonight had been for nothing?

We might have won if someone could have controlled themselves Roxy said, her face sweating and in a mess that made it seem a little hypocritical to be confronting someone about the size of their bladder. Yet it seems she couldn’t resist taking one last shot at Jana, the discomfort she was in caused by the blonde haired woman who has seen fit to doubt her. There was never any question in her mind.

“Me?” Jana asked, now annoyed that her friend was blaming her.

“Yes you, if you could have held it until the next pub we wouldn’t have come second”

“Guys…I really need to pee!” Victoria interjected, for some reason not just rushing off to the bathroom the moment the result came in. Now dancing around them in a small circle.

“Well, now its over we can go. Those of us that have some self control” Roxy replied, squinting at Jana as sweat rolled down from her forehead.

“Actually, if you remember, you agreed to hold it until we were back home. I don’t know about this but it doesn’t seem like your house to me?”

“You cant be serious?” Willow said to Jana, indicating to the throbbing, desperately dancing women that looked seconds from exploding in a shower of piss.

“Hey, im not stopping them peeing now. Im just saying what they agreed too” Jana said, knowing full well what that kind of thing would do to Roxy. She may as well have been stopping her physically.

“Fine, im in nnn…no hurry” Roxy said, folding her arms across her chest.

“I don’t fucking care anymore, ive already said sorry so im going to go and pee before I piss my pants right here.” Victoria said, slowly and with careful steps walking back towards the pub.

Raising an eyebrow Jana once again silently challenged Roxy, wondering if Victoria giving in would end her prideful display. She once again couldn’t help but be impressed by the display of fortitude, but now it was just getting silly. She was clearly in pain but refusing to give up. Her entire body seemed to be quivering and straining at the seams to keep the nights worth of drinks inside of her. The contest was over but still wouldn’t give in, not that she was helping make that easy.

“Guys! There was a huge line and im about to pee myself!” Victoria said hastily as she arrived back at the group, an exerted and worried look on her face. Now moving faster to the annoyance of Roxy and Francesca. It seemed now that she wasn’t trying to hold it and was simply looking for somewhere to pee she had become frantically fast moving. Her legs bouncing up and down as she almost marched around them in desperate agony.

“Well the Taxi is here and Roxy’s house is like 3 minutes away” Willow suggested. She was done with tonight, they hadn't won the tickets and now she just wanted to get home and relax.

“Well I have to say, I didn’t expect you to make it.” Francesca admitted as a red-faced Victoria and pale as a sheet Roxy walked in, the latter having thrown her keys to Willow to open up. Unable to take the time or concentration away from holding herself to find the keys and unlock the door. Their stomachs and bladders several times larger than they had been when they had left 5 hours earlier.

“Well…we….did” Roxy replied, pausing for breath between each word. It might have been an attempt at emphasis and to rub it in their faces, but if it was, it had failed dramatically and only emphasised how close she was to her limit.

“Just” Willow threw into the conversation, a smile on her face. Now with the toilet so close to them, she didn’t mind jibing at them again. After all, it was all their own prideful fault.

“I…Im fine. I could keep going longer” Roxy muttered out in her direction.

“Oh no, no more. I’m not letting you bust my bladder any more than you have already.” Victoria said, monetarily looking up to waggle a finger at Roxy before shuddering and returning the much needed hand to between her legs.

“Yeah and you don’t have to pretend any more, we can see your bladder through your shirt, not to mention what its done to your jeans.” Willow said, pointing at the giant bulge sticking out of her usually flat stomach and broken jeans.

“It looks like your jeans are about to burst open” Victoria added, still marching on the spot. Seemingly waiting for someone to give her permission to pee still.

“Im fine, im in control” Roxy said in a monotone voice as her eyes twitched in response to the obvious lie she was trying to perpetrate.

“Really, even now?” Jana asked, smiling in disbelief about her friend’s stubbornness. But taking a deep breath she shook her head. “Look, you’ve kept your word and I can’t say I’m not impressed. Why don’t you just go and pee.”

“I am fine!” Roxy repeated, swallowing hard at the end of the sentence.

“I….didnt say you weren’t” Jana started before being cut off by a tug on her shirt.

“Um I…” A red-faced Polly said, her face contorted in desperation herself. She had managed to go the last few pubs without going, a source of pride but also discomfort for the small woman. Somehow despite the onslaught of drinks, she had managed to stay level with Francesca on pees. Despite her small frame and small bladder she hadn’t been the cause of their loss. Not that she blamed Jana either, the other group must just have been faster.

“Can I….” Polly started before frowning and bending slightly.

“Of course Polly, you don’t have to ask me.” Jana said moving to the side as the desperate woman ran through. Why were they asking her, had she really taken over as task master of their bladders?

“Ok im next” Francesca added, despite having peed the most frequently during the night and being far less desperate than either Victoria or Roxy. In fact it would have been hard to tell she even needed to go if she hadn’t asked, a familiar thing to happen through the night. Despite never having actually looked desperate the entire night, she had been the one afforded most toilet breaks along with Polly.

“No way, when she comes out I need to go otherwise there will be a massive wet patch in your hallway Roxy, Tell her.”

Looking longingly at the door to her own toilet she snapped out of the trance, her white cheeks flushing as if being discovered that she actually needed to pee. “Your bladder can handle it, I thought you had control.” Roxy replied, being caught out making her double down, almost challenging Victoria or mocking her for admitting such a basic need. “We can wait until after them all.” Roxy continued her eyes blinking quickly as she clearly winced as something painful happened inside her maxed out bladder.

“We have drunk like a million pints, and I’ve only peed once!” Victoria cried, re-crossing her legs tighter and banging her balled up fists into her thighs in despair or anger.

“I haven’t gone once.” Roxy said coldly, flinching again as despite her confident words her body betrayed her. Painful rumbling pulses beginning to flow through her distended bladder as the waves of pee crashed up against her straining muscles. The tight cramping sensations she had been feeling for over an hour now impossible to ignore, and it was taking all her strength not to be constantly groaning from the monumental effort. The few she had accidently let out made her feel ridiculous, imagine not being able to contain yourself.

“Yeah and just look at you!” Victoria replied, doubling over while indicating to the heavily pregnant looking, sweating mess that the once beautiful woman had become, all for the cost of her pride.

Hearing the toilet flush through the otherwise quiet house both desperate women flinched, pursing their lips and bending over slightly. A moment of hesitation that might prove fatal as the door opened to reveal a slightly awkward looking Polly who was now being stared at. But a couple of seconds later she was pushed out of the doorway by Francesca who claimed the bathroom despite the earlier protests. The door shutting and the sound of the small metal bolt sliding into place audible above the exhale of air from Victoria.

Staring at the badly painted white door, Victoria couldn’t take it any more, her bladder throbbed and this time her muscles were going to listen to its demand to relieve itself.

“Oh god.” She said, standing upright and cupping her groin with both hands. She could feel it, the inevitable was happening, her muscles were faltering. The steel walls of her bladder beginning to buckle under the weight of the energy drinks inside her, was that extra pint of water the fatal drink of the night? She knew she couldn’t hold it any longer, her mind already made up. Shuffling more than walking she rushed past the others, heading for her only salvation, the small patio back garden.

Reaching the large glass doors she almost wept as they refused to move, her muscles quivering and burning as she took their much needed support away. For a second she felt her muscles contract and then relax. Clenching for all she was worth she regained control and despite the momentary relaxation she couldn’t feel any wetness, a small blessing considering. Continuing to clench her thighs, she ground them against each other as she bounced on one foot. But thankfully she had been here before and knew she only needed to click the little white handle thing, something easier when sober and not breaking your neck for a piss she thought to herself.

But after a few seconds she managed to click open the door, sliding it open and rushing through. Hitting the now cold air of the night she felt her bladder spasm again and this time a burst of pee rushed through her defences, a small warm patch now in her underwear but she was more worried about the rest of it, than the tiny amount that had escaped.

Not even making it out of the doorway she took two steps and yanked her jeans down, the top button already undone before the taxi ride back. Groaning loudly a heavy stream erupted between her toned thighs even before she was in position, her feet arching slightly in her shoes as she finally got what she wanted. Her body relishing in the immense pleasure it felt as she relaxed, her head falling back as she breathed a ragged and deep sigh of relief. The loud splattering continuing as her steaming piss forced its way out of her at some speed in the best pee she had ever taken.

“Im going to order a Pizza” Francesca announced as she walked out of the bathroom, clearly not phased or unaware of what Victoria had just done. Willow excitedly pointed a finger at her, following towards the kitchen and the delivery menus.

“All yours” Jana said, smiling and indicating to the toilet. Roxy’s quivering body jerking slightly as she recovered from hearing the rushing noise of the loud water pipes in her house as Francesca flushed. The cistern in particular burrowing into her psyche as it refilled noisily, pumping and dripping noises amplified by the cracked porcelain.

“Do…you need to g…go?” Roxy stammered at Jana through a clenched jaw. More beads of sweat rolling down her face as she chewed her lips.

“What?” Jana asked confused.

“Do…..” Roxy trailed off, nodding or perhaps teetering towards the door. A strange flutter of her eyes and quiet pained squeak escaping her lips as she convulsed slightly.

“I mean I want to pee yeah but…” Jana started, but was cut off by Roxy.

“I… I….I can wait” Roxy smiled unconvincingly.

“Seriously?!” Jana said incredulously, unable to believe how far Roxy was going to prove her superiority. “Fine” She added raising her hands up in surrender, shaking her head and walking into the toilet before she said something she regretted. In truth she had been getting desperate but would have been fine to wait, but this seemed like the only way to get Roxy to give in and pee.

However as soon as the door was closed Roxy couldn’t help but groan again. With no one watching her, the façade she was playing for the last 2 hours fell apart instantly. With her left hand shoved un-lady like down the front of her jeans, Roxy stood firmly on one leg as the other crossed and re-crossed itself around it. Winding itself around the other tightly and squeezing it like an anaconda. The manic movements and pulses from her giant bladder causing her to grunt with each passing second, but the steely look and fire in her eyes remained. She would prove to them all that she could hold it, even as the fiery pain began to amplify between her legs. Striking painful sensations building up from her core and bounding around inside her numb muscles.

“Ooooah” she groaned suddenly, doubling over and outstretching a hand to grab hold of the bathroom door frame. Sweat dripping off her face and onto the floor as she silently stood their staring at the floor. Her eyes bloodshot and unblinking as she felt her whole-body cramping, strange pins and needles going up and down her limbs as wild goose bumps formed all over her skin. Her giant and abused bladder tingling like nothing she had experienced before, the pain of the last hour amplifying constantly.

Meanwhile outside Victoria was still revelling in her pee. It seemed to have no limit, the giant puddle expanding outwards from her and encompassing much of the tiny yard. But finally she felt her stream loosing power, a few last drips falling into the wet mess she had made.

Sighing deeply she let her body relax fully, her bladder still tingling slightly but feeling much better now. Standing slowly she took a moment to inspect the damage to her clothes and was happy to see that despite the feeling only a tiny wet spot could be seen on her jeans. It would be almost impossible for anyone to see, but pulling her clothes on fully she couldn’t help but feel the cold wetness of her underwear against herself.

Adjusting herself she buttoned up her trousers, sighing in relief once more and patting her bladder. The dull thump reminding her of the fact there was still so much more to pass through. But now she was back home she wouldn’t have to worry about that.

Sliding the door open she entered the house, taking a last glance at her puddle and hoping it would dry quickly so the others wouldn’t see. Although, she was kind of proud of the size of it, maybe it would make the others realise how seriously desperate she had been if they did see it.

“Oh my god!” Victoria said as she walked through to the corridor, unable to believe the sight before her. A dark stain already spreading down the back of Roxy’s jeans, the denim material darkened down her left leg. Hunched over and clutching the door frame Roxy’s enormous bladder had finally won the battle for control.

For a few seconds she had been leaking, a slow but steady trickle escaping her burning muscles, the warmth flowing down between her clenched thighs and around her backside. Groaning she had tried to stem the stream but she had already been clenching with all her strength. There was simply nothing she could have done.

She didn’t even hear Victoria come back in, her ears filled with the sound of her own pulse as she held her breath. But a few moments later the dam gave way and the ocean of pee stored in her bladder began to rush out. A loud hissing noise emanating from between her legs as a tide of wetness exploded out of her. A torrential downpour starting between her legs as the dark stain grew rapidly in all directions. Both the front and back of her legs darkening quickly as the material became saturated with her accident, slightly yellow streams flowing off both of her knees and rushing out the bottom of her trousers and filling her shoes. They themselves going from a light grey blue to an almost navy colour as they filled and began to overflow.

Quivering Roxy shook violently as her body continued to relax, the spasms caused by her body trying to relax and empty as quickly as possible. She had pushed her body to its absolute limits and breaking point. The volume of liquid coming out of her astonishing Victoria, how was it possible one person could be holding so much. I mean, she had seen the size of her bladder bulge but still, this was ridiculous.

Stepping back the puddle around the now panting woman continued to grow, a flushing noise from the bathroom temporarily drowning out the hissing and pattering of the accident.

“What the….” Jana said from the other side of the door.

As it opened it was clear why, Roxy’s accident had gone under the door, the thin carpet on this side unable to soak it all up and some of it had gone under the door of the bathroom. Expanding across the even tiled floor and almost trapping Jana in there.

For more than two minutes Roxy peed, the energy drink’s, beer and water of the night finally catching up with her and making a bid for freedom. But finally she ran dry, the corridor absolutely soaked in her urine.

Standing there the three of them didn’t say anything, Jana and Victoria exchanging a glance of what to say.

“Who wants Pizza!” Polly said gleefully as she rounded the corner to be met with the wet scene in front of her. The accident happening almost silently in the house. Blushing her face went bright red, eyes wide like a deer caught in headlights. “I..bud..tu..fff” She stammered, causing Victoria to start laughing. Roxy and Jana joining in, the reality of the night sinking in and what had just happened. The things they did for free tickets, they thought to themselves.

1 week later.....

Sitting at a table in a coffee shop Polly and Jana were sipping on their drinks as both their phones dinged.

Casually looking over Polly couldn’t help but let out a strange squeal of surprise and happiness as she looked over the message she had just gotten. It was from the promotions organisers.

“Due to violations in the rules and stipulations of the contest, the group previously awarded first place has been disqualified for failing to consume the drinks in the required fashion.

After reviewing the CCTV footage provided by our partners of the group in question emptying out cans instead of drinking them. We are happy to announce that as runners up, you have now been awarded the provisional title of winners, pending an investigation into your group.

Congratulations!”

###

I hope you all enjoyed the ending of the story. Let me know what you guys thought.

Note sure if the extra bit at the end of them winning makes it better or worse haha, but who doesnt like a happy ending.!
