The Desperate Promotion

Author: Markj9494

Grabbing her phone from the small railing she had put it on, Polly quickly uploaded the video and was happy to see they had gotten it right despite their strategy relying on a coin toss. They had achieved the right result and that was surely going to put them in a good position. Although as she looked to the corner it seemed they were still in 9th place, those ahead of them getting it correct as well.

“A formal fortress?” Jana said confused, shrugging as she looked up at the group but finding several of them not looking. Victoria and Francesca were too preoccupied with their bladders while Polly was currently cleaning up their cans and putting them carefully in the nearby recycling bin.

“Windsor is a formal fortress, right? Doesn’t the queen live there.”

“Great let’s go!” Victoria announced as she gripped herself tightly between her legs.

“I…you are not going to like this one though” Roxy couldn’t help but smile.

“What?”

“Its at the seafront, more or less where we were earlier.”

“Oh, no…no way am I spending another 20 minutes in a car. I will literally piss my pants.” She said, her feet now stamping where she stood.

“Do you have another idea?” Jana asked.

“I…I…we just go somewhere nearby, let me pee, and then we can go wherever.”

“Do you want to win or not?” Roxy asked sternly.

“Yes but…”

“Great then we will get a taxi to the next place and you can pee there. There are only 8 groups ahead of us. So there won’t be a cue which you can’t say for anywhere else.”

“Taxi’s on the way” Polly said, looking up after she had slightly tuned out the conversation. The gentle twinge of her bladder making her try and make this quick. She could handle it now but pretty soon she would have to pee again. So the more pubs she could put between her and her last trip to the bathroom, the better it would look to the others.

“Great…Great!” Victoria said throwing her hands up, before whining softly and putting a hand back between her tensed legs.

But looking up Jana could see the slight tenseness of how Roxy was standing. Despite how she was acting Jana knew things were starting to catch up with even her large bladder. Although that may have been half of the problem. Roxy was always one to boast about her ability to hold it, for fair reason. But she also considered it a failure to stop and go and pee, a necessary thing for most people was a massive inconvenience to her. So her anger at the others was probably partly aimed in at herself. Puffing out her cheeks Jana crossed her legs a little tighter, really starting to regret not going to the toilet before coming out. Her only saving grace was the others who had already peed or would go at the next place. She would have to bring it up and go in the one after herself.

For the next 5 minutes the group stood around waiting, Victoria tying her legs together and standing rigidly as Francesca danced on the spot next to her. Willow and Jana engaging in a slightly tense looking conversation as they tried to distract themselves from their increasing need to pee.

Arriving the taxi pulled up, the woman behind the wheel beeping twice despite the fact they were only 5 feet away. A cheery smile plastered across her face that Victoria could only roll her eyes at. This wasn’t the time for a happy go lucky cabbie, her bladder felt moments from exploding. The speed at which they were drinking them seeming to force it through to her bladder at the same pace.

Carefully lowering herself into the cab Victoria took the middle seat, breathing heavily through her nose as she fought for control of her body. Being squeezed in as Jana grabbed the seat on her left and Willow the one on her right. Neither looking particularly happy either, crossing their legs they fixed their eyes on the road ahead of them and after giving the driver directions they were on their way. But as soon as they moved off Victoria let out a quiet whimper, now locked in her bladder was sending urgent signals as if it knew what she had done and was making her pay the price for it.

Once again, they found themselves slowly passing through the town, a pace that was only making Victoria more antsy as she fidgeted. Upfront the driver was happily talking Polly’s ear off, asking questions about the competition and where they were all from. Her slightly distracted nature making the three desperate women in the back worry about what would happen if she didn’t notice anything and had to slam on the breaks. The tight seatbelts already cutting across their bladders and any sharp stops could end up in a wet disaster for them.

“Oh god…..” Victoria whimpered again as she felt pulse race through her bladder, the nights drinks pushing into her distended bladder and causing it to swell with each minute. Looking through the windscreen she sobbed slightly as she noticed the cab driver letting out a line of traffic at an intersection. Her friendly wave to them adding more time between her and a toilet. She felt like for every two steps forwards she was taking one back. But there was little do but try and hold on, her palms becoming increasingly sweaty as she chewed her bottom lip.

“Can you go a bit faster?” Francesca asked, partly for her own sake but also because she had been noticing the blood fall out of Victorias now pale face over the last 10 minutes. She was beginning to worry there was a real chance her friend would end up peeing herself and that would surely end their chances of winning. Not to mention a real chance of her getting wet with someone else’s pee, a disgusting thought for her.

“Hey, just doing my good deed for the day. Karma is a cycle, you do something nice now and you will get it back another time.” The driver replied, clearly taking no notice of the fact they were in a race.

Letting out another quiet whimper Victoria’s legs began to vibrate, the heat she was feeling from her straining leg muscles compared to that of her struggling bladder.

Eventually the taxi made it back to almost the exact same place as they had been an hour earlier and when Victoria had originally been about to go to the toilet. If she would have known the discomfort she would be in right now, she would definitely have insisted she go then. Her control felt like it was being held together by the smallest shreds of self-control.

“Alright we are here, first stop is a toilet” Francesca replied as they took a look at the double Windsor bar, a rather classy place with large, polished glass walls and windows. Ornate but clearly electrical chandeliers hung from the second floor above the diner’s eating their food. A sculpture of a grand piano slowly rotated on a plinth in the entrance way. While these features would have been breath taking for most, none of the group seemed to be taking in any of the sights as they rushed towards the building desperately clutching themselves.

Holding the door open Jana let the others rush by but looking back she could still see Victoria sat in the back of the taxi as Polly paid. Her legs tightly knitted together and unmoving as she sat there. But she knew she had to get out sometime and with a bit of help from Polly she gingerly stepped out.

“I don’t know if I can do this” She whispered to Polly who looked back at her with an awkward look on her face as she tried to come up with something to say. She wasn’t used to it being this way around, it was usually Victoria and Roxy making comments about her.

“I..uh, is it really that bad?” Polly asked

“I thought I was going to pee myself in the taxi, but now its so much worse.” Victoria tried to laugh, bending over gingerly and placing both hands between her legs. For the first time Polly could remember, she was seeing Victoria blush with embarrassment.

“Do you need a hand?” Polly offered, but looking at her Victoria shook her head.

“I can make it, its all in my head.” She said, lying to herself.

Taking a deep breath Victoria advanced slowly towards the bar, her thighs tensing rhythmically as Polly walked slowly beside her. Reaching the front, they walked through into the front of the bar. Their friends waving at them from across the room, but it wasn’t them she was looking for.

Frantically scanning the room she spotted the ladies room sign ahead of her and started towards it. Her lips pursed and awkwardly walking upright, Victoria did her best to look normal. But the look of concentration and sweat on her brow was a sure sign that she was anything but fine.

Approaching the hallway as Polly left to talk to the others, she spotted Francesca coming the opposite way.

“Hey, should we head to the bar?” Francesca added, bright eyed and clearly feeling better after visiting the ladies room. But heading to the bar was the last thing in Victoria’s mind.

“Not on your life.” Victoria replied, shuffling past Francesca who simply shrugged.

Letting out a soft whimper a fork of pain shot through her navel and feeling her internal muscles starting to strain and ache terribly Victoria sped up her pace. Breathing deeply as she saw the small ladies room, a single stall sitting there with the door invitingly open. Hearing a group of laughing women approaching her she would not be able to handle it if they beat her to the only available stall. Standing upright and holding onto her bladder she walked as quick as her muscles would let her.

Crashing through the open door and fighting with her jeans she wiggled on the spot. Bending her knees and bouncing on the spot as the button she had undone a thousand times toyed with her and seemed to become impossible to undo.

“Oh god, oh god!” She whispered angrily at her button. “I just want to pee!” she hissed at them, feeling a worrying looseness in her muscles and a telltale relaxing sensation. But finally, she felt her jeans loosen and in a flash they were around her knees. Even before making contact with the toilet she felt her pee burst out in a powerful jet, just about making it into the bowl as she collapsed on it. Her bladder clearly taking the sign of not being in her jeans as a sign to instantly empty, despite getting no command from her to do so.

Letting out a sign of relief Victoria sagged back on the seat, her shoulders dropping and relaxing as the last few hours of drinks flowed out of her. She didn’t know how, but she had made it without having an accident. The last hour had been the most desperate she could ever remember being, but wiping the sweat from her forehead she let herself laugh at the absurdity of what they were doing and listening to her stream that seemed to go on forever.

Back at the bar the others were waiting slightly off to the side, Roxy scanning the room for other competitors. But it seemed they were alone, could that mean they were wrong or even that they were in first place!

“Where is she?” Francesca asked, having passed her friend almost 3 minutes earlier and knowing there was no que.

“Yeah guys I am really sorry but I think im going to go to the bathroom too. I’ve been trying to hold it but just waiting like this is making me really need to go.” Willow admitted. The others surprisingly shrugging and indicating she may as well if there was no que and Victoria was doing something else clearly.

But as Willow admitted her need, a very relieved looking Victoria sauntered towards them.

“Man, that felt so good” She said wistfully, her eyes crossing slightly and getting a quiet groan from Willow and making Jana and Polly cross their legs a little tighter Even Roxy seemed to be thinking about something, even her prestigious bladder would need to be released at some point.

“Ok that’s it, im going to pee!” Willow said as she started towards the bathrooms.

“Wait we are all here, can we at least get the drinks first?” Roxy asked, snapping back to the room.

Relenting Willow groaned quietly as she turned back to the bar and moved up to be served. The barwoman happy to hand out 6 Blue Wombats and scan their bracelets.

“Can we get 6 Pints of water too.” Victoria asked, getting confused looks from the others. “Come on, we don’t want to get drunk on this stuff and we need to stay hydrated.”

“That’s not a problem.” Willow joked before reluctantly accepting a large glass of water.

“You cant take the glasses outside though sorry.” The barwoman added.

Walking over to the side slightly Victoria immediately started to down her pint of water, the others gently sipping their own as willow wriggled on the spot. Her lip never leaving the glass but her body twisting underneath her. Next to her Jana seemed to be employing the opposite tactic and was apparently acting like a statue. Her legs locked together and unmoving as she steadily drank from her glass, a red hue covering her face as she forced herself to try and act as normal as possible despite the ocean of liquid inside her.

Finishing her glass and still feeling a slight buzz Victoria returned to the bar, getting a refill for herself and downing a second glass before the others had even finished their first. A familiar fullness settling in her stomach as she patted it lightly, there was no way she was getting drunk tonight.

“The best Irish liquor?” Polly read aloud 5 minutes later and after uploading yet another video of them drinking. They had been right again and now the group were smiling as that could only mean one place.

“That’s got to be O’Malleys, right?” Victoria asked, her interest renewed after being able to relieve herself.

“It’s the only one that makes sense to me.” Roxy added.

Next to them Willow and Jana were all but silent, the former having somehow forgotten to bring it up again. Her mind addled by the new liquid and serious waves of desperation flowing through her distended bladder. She had only been asked to wait until they had gotten their drinks, but for some reason her mind had substituted that with until the next place. Something that Roxy and Victoria were not going to remind her of, and the others were all too worried about having to pee themselves than remind her.

“Its just down the road, that’s lucky.”

“I…I need to pee.” Jana whispered quietly, her cheeks burning bright red at the omission.

“Sorry?” Francesca asked her to repeat herself.

Part of Jana wanted to say it was nothing, pretend she hadn’t said anything. But inside she knew that if she wanted to be given a chance at peeing she would have to say something.

“I…I need the bathroom.” She repeated, only marginally louder than before.

“Ok, go at the next place with Willow” Francesca responded nonchalantly.

Jana simply nodded, feeling a little silly about being so shy about it. All of the others, including Polly had admitted it with no problem. Even now when she had done so, nothing bad had happened. Yet, she couldn’t help but feel completely embarrassed by admitting it to anyone.

Walking down the street the followed the pedestrianised road, passing scores of young students and people having a good time. Faint trails of liquid coming out from alleyways between establishments in a way that was all to familiar to the locals.

Reaching the bar a few minutes later the group let out a chorus of groans. The outside was packed with a long line of people trying to get in. Almost two dozen people lined up between a zigzag of ropes.

“Oh” Willow said, the look on her face one of a woman unconfident in her abilities to wait that long.

“Guys I don’t know….”

“It might be quick?” Victoria countered, knowing what Willow was about to say.

Taking their place in line it soon became apparent that it wasn’t going to be. Only a handful of people entering as they waited 5 long minutes. Jana's double crossed legs beginning to shake as she nervously bit her lip while Willow paced around them. Pained grunts escaping her every so often as her maxed out bladder continued to send signal after signal to her brain telling her to let it free of its burden.

A hiss of air slipped out from between Jana's pursed lips as she looked at the floor, her cheeks burning and toes tapping on the ground. Her mind filled with all of the toilets she had passed in the last six hours, the ones at the shops, her own toilet at home, Roxy’s toilet, even the toilets in all the pubs. A blurry mirage flowing through her mind and making her kick herself each and every time she thought of another one as they stood their for another 15 minutes. The weight in her bladder steadily increasing as the pints of energy drink flowed into her distended bladder. The button on her tight jean shorts digging into her stomach painfully.

“Guys, I cant hold it. I need to pee.” Willow said, stopping next to them and screwing her legs around each other, bobbing on the spot.

“It cant be that much longer, maybe like 10 minutes!” Victoria said, trying to motivate her friend.

“I cant wait 10 minutes, I think im going to go back to the last place. It was only 5 minutes away.”

“What if there is a que there though?” Roxy countered, eliciting a whimper from Willow as the prospect dawned on her that she didn’t know where she could pee the sooner. She was at her wits end and there were no good options. She wasn’t use to holding this much inside her, she had tried to go toe to toe with Jana and Roxy before but had bailed at the last moment. She had never told them what she had been trying, playing it off as simply not wanting to break the seal. But there was something interesting about the two of them. But now she had passed the point of that night, her cramping and spasming bladder fuller and angrier than she could remember. Pulses of pain were bouncing around inside her like a pinball machine.

Looking to her left she let out a groan as she saw and heard Victoria chugging from a bottle of water she had pulled from her bag. A droplet forming between the sporty women’s luscious lips and the large bottle before falling to the ground. Tiny droplets bounced off the ground and onto her ankle, the contact causing her to shudder involuntarily.

“Guys, im serious I cant hold it” the desperate woman reiterated. “I need, something, somewhere!” she begged for them to come up with a solution to her painful problem.

“I mean there is always” Francesca said, indicating to the back alley to their right. Several large bins and boxes would make it easy to hide in one of the alcoves.

Panting slightly Willow looked at the slow-moving line and then back to the ally. Her muscles trembling more with each second that was passing and she was starting to realise there was the real possibility of her wetting herself if the line didn’t move quickly enough. If she could hold it a few more minutes that would make them almost too close to give up, and what if there was a que on the inside.

“Come on, watching you has made me need to go again.” Francesca added, grabbing the desperate Willow and pulling her towards the alley. “You coming?” she asked Jana.

“I…..” Janna paused, desperately wanting to follow them but she had never peed outside before. She rarely used anything other than her own toilet, so to expose herself like that was almost unthinkable. But feeling a painful twitch from her bloated bladder she almost gave in. She didn’t want to admit it, but she was desperate and more desperate than she had been in years. But…there was no way she could stoop to that level.

“No…im just going to wait until we are inside.” She replied sheepishly, Willow giving her a knowing look but letting herself get pulled away by Francesca with a hand buried in her crotch.

Watching them disappear into the ally Jana couldn’t help but groan quietly, doubling over for a moment as her bladder tried to make her give up, to make her follow them and pee. A burning sensation erupting between her legs as her tired muscles began to tremble. Cursing herself for wearing tight jean shorts she wished she could at least have had a pocket or something that she could use to hold herself without it being too obvious.

“Come on Vic, lets go see what’s up. Maybe we can get through this.” Roxy said, the pair of them matching off towards the bouncers next to the door. Getting calls and being stopped by a number of people who thought they were cutting. Even their progress was slow, but Jana hoped it would help her.

But now left to her own thoughts, with Polly being strangely quiet Jana had nothing to focus on but the deep pulses penetrating her bladder. She could almost see them, her vision pulsing in time with them as she screwed up all her body to contain half a days’ worth of pee, well far more than that she realised as she started totting up the pints compared to what she usually drank. Another brick added to the weight of her bloated organ with each pub. Whimpering she paced around in a small circle, biting her nails and trying desperately to hold on with all her being.

Rushing into the alley and despite it being for Willows sake, it was Francesca that ducked into a small alcove behind a series of bins first. A small puddle already there and showing they were probably not the first people to do this tonight.

“Keep an eye out” Francesca said, grabbing the waistband of her trousers and slowly shuffling them down out of sight. Getting into a crouch she sighed quietly as a stream of pee began to slowly fall out of her.

“Oooooooh” Willow moaned as the trickling noise of her friends pee almost caused her to lose control. But adding a second hand between her clenched thighs she bobbed on the spot, her face red with exertion. Looking back towards the pub she made sure that no one would be interrupting Francesca and hoped that she wouldn’t be long. A small rivulet of pee snaking out from under the bin and past her.

30 seconds later she heard Francesca begin to rustle her clothes back on, stepping out a few moments later looking happy with herself.

“Oh thank god, I was about to wet myself.” Willow smiled, knowing that she was about to get the relief she so badly needed. Trading places she rushed behind the bin, yanking her clothes down and falling into a squat as a heavily pressurised stream burst out of her and noisily splattered against the concrete.

Moaning loudly she lifted her head back as the tenseness and aches in her body stopped and were replaced with pure bliss. Her bloated bladder continuing to empty at some speed and the large puddle she was creating quickly overshadowing Francescas and rushing under the bin in more of a wave than a trickle.

“How are you still going!?” Francesca asked the other side of the bin 45 seconds later.

“Oh I don’t care.” Willow said, her voice a little hoarse as she continued to enjoy the simple feeling of peeing.

After another 10 seconds she finally finished, sighing again she asked Francesca for a tissue and feeling much better they both emerged from the ally to see Jana and Polly desperately waiting in line.

“I…I need to go again guys.” Polly said, her face blushing red once more.

She had been feeling the need to go since even just 5 minutes after she went last time. Part of her wondered if she had been to worried about taking a long time and had failed to relax and empty herself fully. With the added pint after pint of this stupid drink filling her small bladder rapidly. She had been hoping to make it to the next pub before breaking but this line was taking too long. Plus, she had been worried about what they would all think, but given Francesca had just peed for the second time no one really seemed to care. Why was she doing this to herself then, not that she wanted to pee outside. But if the que was too much longer that would happen either way.

Ordinarily she wouldn’t have even considered this, but maybe the alcohol was having some sort of effect on her, even if the others were not being impacted. In a weird way some of them had even seemed to sober up slightly since pre-drinks at Roxy’s.

“We will be in soon” Jana said to her, her voice more hopeful sounding that anything else.

“I…im sorry I just cant hold it. Would you be able to show me where you went?” She turned to Willow who just looked back surprised.

“Oooh, didn’t expect it from you.” She grinned back. “But yeah sure, you want to come too Jana?”

This was the second time in 5 minutes she had been asked and despite her most hopeful thoughts, they were all coming back to her peeing herself right here. But, if Polly was willing to give it ago, why couldn’t she.

“I….Yes!” She said eagerly as her mind caught up to the demands of her bladder.

“Its just there” Willow pointed to the spot her and Francesca had used, a lake of pee still spreading out from that area.

“Please can I go first, im about to...” Polly blushed, begging Jana but unable to finish the sentence.

Despite her own need she knew she had a large bladder and could wait the 30 seconds it would take Polly to pee. Nodding to Polly she watched as the shorter woman all but sprinted behind the container and another burst of pee hit the ground behind it.

Squatting awkwardly Polly was doing her best to shield herself, even though she was in cover she couldn’t help but feel exposed, vulnerable to preying eyes. Wait, what about cameras she blushed. Her stream cutting off instantly as she looked up and around the walls, but thankfully there didn’t seem to be any. Her stream resuming as she felt her body relax again.

The splatter was pure torture for Jana, the noise bouncing around the inside of her head and causing her bladder to go wild. Gritting her teeth she writhed on the spot, her hands buried deep in her crotch. But thankfully, Pollys small bladder had emptied out in just 45 seconds even with a strange pause in the middle. A taunting gap where she had let her guard down only for the stream to suddenly and without warning restart and cause her to shudder violently.

“Ok my turn” Jana said, seeing a blushing Polly emerge.

But as she went to go behind the dumpster a whistle caught their attention. Looking back down the ally they saw Roxy waving at them.

“Oohhhh” Jana moaned, her bladder throbbing as her hands rested on the buttons for her tight jean shorts.

“Maybe they got us a way in, you can use the actual toilets.” Polly said mildly embarrassed that she had just peed outside instead of waiting 30 more seconds.

Clutching herself Jana took a deep breath and began the walk back to the line.

“Hey, so the guy said if we were just here for the promotion he would let us in. They have a bar to the side that is serving the Blue Wombat.” Roxy whispered to them, hoping to keep any competitors in line in the dark.

Whimpering to herself Jana walked slowly behind them, her face flushed and now shinning with sweat as she battle to keep her bladder in check.

True to their word the bouncer waved them in, giving Jana a weird look but not stopping her. To their right they spotted the bar, a large blue wombat sign hanging from it.

“Six please” Victoria asked happily, part of her wondering why hadn’t they thought to ask earlier.

“Bathroom” Jana muttered, smiling at the barwoman.

“Sorry, toilets are for paying customers only” She replied.

“I don’t care, ill buy whatever” Jana said, her voice becoming pained as desperate as she tried to barter for her relief.

“Im sorry, you would have to re-join the que” The bar woman said, shaking her head slowly and pointing to the line they had just skipped. A line that was even longer than it was when they had gotten there.

“You don’t understand, I really need it.” Jana said, pushing the problem in a way that wasn’t normal for her. But she wasn’t lying.

“Sorry, its policy”

“Its ok” Roxy said, putting an arm on Jana. “You can go in the alley; we have still saved time.”

“But…I...Ok” she said weakly, walking towards the exit.

But emerging on the street, despite only having been gone for 2 – 3 minutes the scenes has changed a little. Now the pedestrianised area was home to two police cars, leading a couple of women to the back of their car. Wetness currently spreading down the bare legs of one of them, her short black dress not hiding anything. While her friend hung her head, skin-tight jeans clearly showing evidence of someone who had been disturbed while relieving themselves. Strange splatter marks against her legs with trails down each leg indicating she had tried to pull up her trousers but hadn’t had enough control to stop her stream while doing it. Now the disgraced pair were being led away while their apparent boyfriends tried to talk them out of trouble with the police.

“No, no, no, no!” Jana panicked, her final solution taking off the cards. There was no way she could pee outside now and there was absolutely nowhere else to go.

“Where should we do this then?” Victoria asked, ignoring the twitching eyed Jana clutching at herself.

“Guys I cant” Jana said, admitting her need loudly for the first time.

“Come on, two minutes and then we will just wait until they have gone and you can go.”

“I cant go now, the police have already been there!” Jana said, her legs twisting inwards on themselves.

“Ok, then you can go at the next place.” Roxy said calmly, although with a hint of annoyance at another disruption or possibly reminder of her own filling bladder.

“I cant wait that long” Jana strained out through gritted teeth.

“Well then, what do you want to do?” Roxy asked, putting a hand on her hip.

“I don’t know, Please!” Jana begged, her bladder feeling moments from exploding and ruining her night and clothes.

“Look, the quicker we do this the quicker you can pee. Either after the police go or at the next place. If its all the way across town we can call a cab from the bar down there and you can go in while we wait.” Victoria summed up.

Grounding loudly Jana knew she was out of options. There was no way she was going make it through the line, the police had cut off her escape and that left one option, hold it!

“We love blue wombat” Jana mumbled as the others did their best to retain the energy they had started with. The pint of liquid flowing down her throat like a thick milkshake, her body trying to make it as unpleasant as possible to convince her to stop. But fixing her eyes on a star in the nights sky she let everything leave her mind as she just swallowed mouthful after painful mouthful of liquid.

Somehow she had drunk it, but it felt as if it has instantly reached her bladder. A strange tight bubbling sensation filling her bloated and stretched abdomen as she doubled over. A fork of pain splashing around inside of her as she tested her bodies limits.

“I’ve called a cab” Polly added, something Jana wasn’t sure if she was happy about or not. On one hand it meant she was already almost on their way to the next place. On the other it meant she would soon be stuck in another car for who knew how long. Just the thought made her whimper again, her hand pressing deeply against her crotch in a balled-up fist.

“Yess, another one right, were 8th guys!” Francesca announced happily, ignoring Janas plight. “Look out for Pea’s?” she continued confused, but thankfully the fully renewed Willow was on hand to figure it out.

“It’s a princes thing, like in the stories when they put a pea under the mattress, and she could tell.”

“Well, im glad that…”

Their conversation was interrupted by Jana as she moaned loudly, following it up with a squeak as she felt her bladder tremble, a spike of pure pain shooting outwards from her centre.

“Jesus Jana” Roxy laughed, unable to believe her friend has just made. But Jana didn’t care, her body was constantly shaking and despite the cool air outside she could feel the sweat gathering across her flushed skin.

“Guys I cant hold it.” She stammered.

“Well, you will just have too. We already talked about it.” Roxy continued, unconsciously crossing her legs.

“Im serious Im about too” Jana stopped, shuddering where she stood as the others raised their eyebrows, was she about too…

“Taxi’s here” Francesca said, elbowing Roxy.

“I…” Polly wanted to object, she could feel her control slipping. Her bladder was too full, she couldn’t hold it. Yet she let herself get almost escorted to the taxi, her eyes wide and hands balled into tight fists as she sat down.

“Ooooh” She groaned loudly, the button on her shorts digging into her bladder even more in this position. Hearing the door slam shut as Francesca dived in the front her heart went into overdrive as panic filled her body as quickly as the drinks were filling her bladder.

Breathing heavily she watched the town go by slowly, the traffic much lighter by this time in the evening.

“We will be there shortly.” Polly said, gently pressing into Jana and trying to reassure her.

But all Jana could think about was what if there was a que, what if there were even more people outside the next place. If there were no ally’s or worse the police were there. How many people would see her wet her clothes, she could feel it even now!

Her bladder trembling, spasming, expanding against her muscles and causing her entire body to feel like it was being pressurised from the outside.

“Uhh” Jana grunted, feeling another spasm. But unlike the last few times this one wasn’t stopping. The electric twanging of her muscles was continuing incessantly, heating her up from the inside.

Looking out the window she knew they were still at least 10 minutes from the bar they were heading too. There was no way she would make it, there was just no way.

“You have to pull over” Jana said, the others turning to look at her while the driver gave her a suspicious look in the mirror.

“She's fine, she can hold it” Roxy replied, waving for the driver to carry on.

“Roxy, I cant…I am about to lose it.” Jana sobbed.

“Come on, you have held it longer than this. Just like 10 minutes, where are you going to go out here anyway.” Victoria asked.

“Iv’e never needed to go this badly.” Jana pleased, a tear rolling down the side of her face, but doing little to convince her friends.

“Guys, maybe we should, we have all been except her.” Willow pointed out, well aware of what it felt like having been desperate just minutes before.

“I haven’t” Roxy said, raising her head proudly at that accomplishment even though she had been starting to show signs that even her massive bladder was starting to struggle.

“Please…” Jana sobbed next to her.

“There is the public toilet, pull over up there.” Polly said, making the decision for them all and directing the driver without even asking the others. She couldn’t help but feel bad for Jana, it was her fault she still needed to go. If she had let her go first in the alley the others would probably have been more forgiving of her. They knew she had a small bladder, which apparently now came with some advantages. Not that they out weighed the daily disadvantages.

As the car pulled up on the side of the road Jana almost cried in relief, opening the door before it had even come to a stop and rushing for the toilet. The pain of running quickly only slightly more than what she had already been feeling. At least now she was up her bladder was lest compressed although that was quickly counteracted by the sudden movements.

Bolting for the large silver structure she slammed the open button only for the LED button to display that it was currently occupied.

“No, no, no” Jana stammered as she bobbed around in a small circle. Her bladder shaking inside her, the rolling tide of energy drink thrashing around agonisingly.

“Nooo” she whispered again as she stopped, her aching muscles had finally failed in that last spin. A tiny spurt of wetness breaking through her defences, the miniscule amount sneaking out between her iron grip and wetting her panties.

Breathing heavily for a few seconds she could feel the process beginning, the start of the end, her control had maybe seconds before she would lose it. Shuffling over a few steps Jana almost threw herself into the bushes to her left, yanking down her jean shorts that were thankfully still dry. A second later her bladder exploded, a noisy thick stream of pee shooting out of her and hitting the soil beneath her.

Still panting, her face bright red and covered in sweat she finally relaxed as her giant bladder got what it wanted. Her stream continuing for some time, the puddle she was making washing away the top layer of soil and creating a waterfall from the brick work at the slightly elevated side of the bushes. The decorative plats placed in the centre of town almost drowning in the torrent she was creating. After almost two minutes her stream abruptly ended, the light soil dried from the last heatwave entirely darkened for two meters around her.

Still shaking Jana quickly covered herself up, now becoming aware that she had just pissed in the middle of the town square, dozens of people walking by her. Most thankfully to drunk to notice the desperate blonde peeing openly next to them. Blushing deeply she felt humiliated, but at least her clothes were still for the most part dry.

Walking back towards the car she had almost forgotten about the contest, but seeing Roxy standing their tapping her foot she couldn’t help but feel a little annoyed by her friend who had refused all of them the simple comfort of a bathroom at least once. They might be in a contest but Roxy was definitely taking it too seriously.

“I hope there were no cameras” Victoria laughed, “Put on quite the show there.”

“How are you doing?” Polly asked, sticking her head out of the cab, getting a nod from Jana who was still putting herself back together.

“Can we get going, we have already lost so much time with people peeing. Its kind of embarrassing, especially you Jana. I thought I could have relied on you!” Roxy said coldly, Victoria nodding despite being one of the first to pee.

“No one asked you.” Jana snapped uncharacteristically, getting a few glances from the others.

“Hey, peoples small bladders are not my fault.” Roxy replied, trying to defend herself but just insulting her more.

“Yeah, well if you think we have wasted so much time peeing I am sure you and Victoria will be happy to hold it until we are back home.” Jana shot back.

“Absolutely, we weren’t even thinking about it.” Roxy finished, crossing her arms under her chest.

“Great well I guess that is settled then.” Jana said, sitting back down in the cab. The awkward tension palpable but now as she finally let her muscles relax fully she couldn’t help but feel better. The stress of the last hour or so ebbing away as the cab pulled away and the headed off to the next bar. Their bladders all relieved, except Roxy who was already regretting her choice slightly, but she would show Jana. Her bladder was capable of anything and its strength would be the thing that allowed them to win this contest. They would all be thanking it, or her once the night was over.

###

I hope you all enjoyed reading this first part of the story. The other part probably wont be finished for a few weeks, so I hope this was enjoyable on its own. Its taken a while to get this part done so sorry to anyone that was waiting, real life has been a bit manic (Thankfully in a good way).

*004*2021-07-04 21:29

{{6 hours ago, Manticore said:

Superb continuation from the interactive story, can't wait to read the next chapter.

}}

{{On 7/1/2021 at 4:24 PM, WiiGuy86 said:

This is FANTASTIC. Easily one of my favorites ever. Thank you for continuing to work on it.

It's a travesty the interactive version of this didn't get more attention, and I'd encourage anyone to go check out the original thread for more about the premise and characters, but the standalone version does not disappoint!

Great characters, great premise, and premium writing. Can't wait for the next part.

}}

{{On 7/1/2021 at 4:11 PM, Flush said:

Note to self: I really need to visit the Interactive Stories section more. It seems like there is some good content there, but I've never bothered to visit the section that is a bit "buried" under the fiction section. Anyway, I'm glad you decided to upgrade/sidegrade this to a fiction story, otherwise I would have missed it I guess. Although, it would have been fun to "participate". Kind of a double edged sword.

I don't think I've ever commented on of your stories before, but it's not the first one that I enjoyed. So thanks for all the good stories so far. As for this story, I think the "game" element is a nice touch. I'm looking foward for the next installment, not only because of the desperation it will bring (duh, that's why we are here), but also because I want to find out how the girls will fare in the contest. It's definitely a thing that makes the story stand out.

}}

Thank you all for the kind words and I am glad you enjoyed it!

*006*2021-07-29 22:51

{{2 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Just bumping this for the benefit of anyone who missed it and also to say that I can not wait for the conclusion!

}}

Hey thank you, sorry its been so long. Work has been manic, its like there has been a year and a half of things to catch up on or something... But good news I have the beginning and end of the chapter written, just need to fill out the middle and add a couple of details to hopefully make it meet peoples expectations.
