[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 6

Author: Misteriousmr

*127*2016-05-18 19:23

Litho city was full of big, brown houses, with wooden poles sticking out of the sides.

"All the houses in Litho city are made from hardened mud, created from the sand of the east and the water too the west. The poles sticking out of the building are used to hold up the horizontal slabs of mud. Litho city is home to the Ground-type gym. Its main landmark is the big mall to the north."

"Awesome, you know what, I was thinking we could do some clothes shopping?" Chloe said while they were walking hand-in-hand over the boulevard, where some people and Pokemon were basking in the morning sun.

"Sure, let's go!"

The mall was enormous. It was a long hallway with a slight crook halfway. At the other end of the hallway there was a large, round chamber with some restaurants and a bunch of tables placed in a circle. The second floor was a balcony, with sometimes a bridge connecting the two sides. It was all very grand, and in the bend halfway through, there was a large fountain with a golden Magikarp.

"What do you think?" Chloe said while walking out of the fitting room

"It's pretty!" Emily responded as she looked at the blueish skirt she was wearing. She herself had sat down on a bench facing the fitting rooms, with a pile of shirts, pants, bras and socks next to her. Her favourite piece had to be a black tanktop with the eyes and mout of a Ghastly on it. Some bags were laying around her feet. Some contained jewelry, like a black bracelet with spikes on it for Emely, and some contained shoes, like the white sandals that Chloe'd bought.

"How about this one?"

"Nice, very...summer-y" Emily responded as Chloe once again appeared, now wearing a short, pink skirt with thick, horizontal lines. The girls sat down at a cafe afterwards in the big room at the end, and Chloe caught her breath before sipping her drink. She chuckled at some of the cafe's names. She pointed Emily towards one.

"Really? The Koffeeng shop?"

"Haha, how about the Starmebucks over there. I wonder if there's a lot of water in their coffee?"

"Bagon and Beans?"

"Burger Kingdra?"

"What is it with my brother? Huh? What have you been keeping from me?" Tenebris was almost threatening. His voice shot up and down and he looked like he was about to burst out in tears

"Well...I think I...I found him..."

"Where? Where is he? I need to see him!"

"But, Tenebris ("I said don't call me that" the man mumbled), you already have!"

Tenebris looked shocked, with his mouth agape when he heard the man say that. Seen him before? Where? When?

"You see..." the man continued, "he...became Darkrai..."

Tenebris fainted

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE MALLS THIS ONE WAS BASED OFF OF CENTRO IN GERMANY ISN'T THAT WILD?

*129*2016-05-18 21:13

Here, have a photo album! (the two cities are Abu Dhabi and Gotham, by the way)

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

$$

*130*2016-05-18 21:17

Ok, that's all you're getting today, I'm off to bed, maybe I'll write something tomorrow morning...see you guys in like...10 hours...

*133*2016-05-22 18:14

"Hey, Emily?" Chloe started slowly.

"what is is babe?" the blue-haired girl said with a coy smile.

"Well, I've been thinking, and...I think you should have this..." Chloe said, while handing Emily a Pokeball. They were sitting in their hotel room, on their bed.

"Wha- but, why? What Pokemon is that? And why should I have it?"

"It's Gyarados, and I thought, since you didn't have a Mega yet...and I hope...that every time you see it, you'll think of me." Chloe slowly brought out.

Emily grabbed her Pokeballs.

"Let's check what Pokemon we have, ok?" she said, "I'll start; I have Noctowl, Groudon, and Luxio."

"Yeah, and I have Galvantula, Gyarados, Camerupt, and I got my eye on what I want to catch next..." she said, "both three, we're even."

Chloe and Emily looked at eachother.

"Well you should still take it!" Chloe said, pushing the ball towards Emily.

"Fine, if it makes you happy" Emily said, jokingly acting annoyed as she attached her Pokeball to her belt.

The next day, the duo decided to head north. there was a small hill with some palm trees, which eventually ended in a very small beach. Some Aipom were hanging around, and a Swablu flew off as they walked past one of the trees. Emily sat down on the beach, staring off into the distance. Chloe put her hands on her back and stretched. She sat down besides Emily, instantly jumping up again.

"Ow!"

"What? What is it?" Emily looked over, Chloe was rubbing her butt.

"I sat on something." Chloe said. She turned around and started removing the sand from where she had sat. An iron point was sticking out of the sand. Emily helped digging, until a metal chest was revealed.

"I wonder what's inside?" Chloe said. Emily tried to open the chest, but it was stuck. Chloe sent out Camerupt.

"Camerupt, use Rock smash!" the chest gave away, revealing...a smaller chest, but made of stone. This one opens normally, and inside it is an even smaller chest, made off of...glass? Chloe looked at Emily, who was frowning at their strange find. Chloe opens the chest. As she touches it, she shivers. It wasn't glass, but ice. Inside there's a plaque, seemingly made of marble, with some sort of language on it.

"Laudate ligno, calor est et harenae, specus aperire." Chloe read aloud.

"What does it mean?" Emily mumbles to herself, while secretly checking out her crouched girlfriend's butt.

TO BE CONTINUED WITH LESS CHESTS

*136*2016-05-24 07:59

{{7 hours ago, devzilla said:

I legit love this. Any way we can get chloes butt more involved (Im super into messing) if not its nbd

}}

Sure, I'll put it in there, people who dislike it can just skip it ;)

*137*2016-05-24 08:59

Emily had a book in her hands, Chloe was holding the plaque.

"Laudate ligno" Chloe said out loud.

Emily started flipping through the pages, "I...J...K...L...La...Lau" she mubled to herself as she moved her finger over a page of the dictionary.

They sat in the library for about an hour, translating the text word for word.

"Burn the tree, heat the sand, open the cave." Emily eventually said. In front of them there were rows and rows of papers with words scratched out and translations scribbled on them.

"What does that mean?" Chloe wondered aloud. They sat in silence for a moment.

"Maybe..." Emily started slowly, "we should check out the beach again?"

Once they were standing on the beach, they looked around. The hole where they got the chest from had filled up slightly with sand.

"Look!" Emily pointed at the way they'd come from. On the dune were some palmtrees. One, however, was located way closer to the water than the others, standing alone in the exact middle of the dune.

"Burn the tree, heat the sand..." Emily repeated, while slowly grabbing her Pokeball.

Chloe couldn't help but look on in awe whenever Primal Groudon appeared.

"Groudon, use Flamethrower on the tree!"

The sand started crystalising, and soon enough turned into a glass wall. Behind the wall was a tunnel. The tree had completely dissapeared, and left a perfectly round hole for the two to enter through. Once the two were inside, there was a loud rumbeling as the glass reverted to sand and the tree reappeared, leaving them in complete darkness.

"Galvantula, use Flash!"

The shininhg spider moved through the tunnel, which had some sort of relics carved in the walls. There were pictures of Pokemon, like a big, whale-like creature, a bird with enormous tailfeathers and even Groudon showed up. They stopped when they came to a big wall, standing in the middle of a large room. There were four creatures on it: three smaller ones and one big one. The smaller ones were round, rough and one had a smooth surface. The big one, which was in the middle at the bottom, was absolutely gigantic. It had two massive arms and seemed to have some sort of spots on its body. As the two walked around the wall, they found three orbs attached to the back of it; a brown one, a white one and a blue one.

"Re.....Reg...."

"Who said that?" Chloe turned around, squinting to see if there was anyone there.

"Regice.....Regiceeeee..."

A blue, clear, smooth creature with seven yellow dots on its face came out of the darkness. Chloe instantly recognised it as one of the creatures on the carving.

"Groudon, use flamethrower!"

Chloe had been so distracted by this creature she hadn't noticed how it was charging an Ice beam, nor how Emily had released her Groudon. The Regice flew back, hit a wall and fainted. After it slumped to the ground, a faint, lightblue light came off of its body, which collected itself into a spehircal form, which shot into the blue orb on the wall.

"Rrrrrrrr...."

Chloe guessed it was another one of thos creatures, but this time she wasn't going to get caught off-guard.

"Galvantula, use Zap cannon!"

A big blast of electricity shot down the hall, and though it didn't hit the Pokemon, she did see it's round shape and, similar to the previous one, seven eyes.

"Galvantula, use Thunder!"

This time it hit Registeel head-on, making it stumble back. Similar to Regice, a light came out of its body, but this time it was white/grayish, and was collected in the white ball.

"Emily, let's not wait for this guy to attack us, ey?" Chloe said, looking at her girlfriend, who was standing in a battlestance. She simply nodded.

"Groudon, use Eartquake!"

"Galvantula, use Rock smash!"

The Regirock toppled from the earthquake, and Galvantula pounced, its left frontleg lighting up, smashing it down on the creature's chest.

The third orb lit up with brown light, and behind the duo, the wall slowly shook and lowered into the ground, revealing a new passageway. They walked through, though Chloe was slightly unsure about this whole ordeal.

The hallway turned into a big, rectangular room, with big, brown pillars holding up the roof. In the distance, the two saw a big statue, partially overgrown with moss. Chloe recognised it from the carving. It had six dots on its body, and big, yellow, stone-like parts on its body and shoulders. Black, geometric stripes covered its body, and its hands each had three, white, finger-like appendages.

It was enormous, with the top of its body almost reaching the roof. The girls slowly walked towards the hulking beast, which remained motionless. Suddenly, the three balls of light flew forward. Each split in two, and filled the six dots on the creature's body. At the beginning of the room, the door slowly crumbled and collapsed, leaving the two locked in. The ground shook violently, and a low rumbeling sound came from the statue as the six dots lit up, shooting out beams of light across the room. It slowly started moving. First its fingers, then its arms, and eventually its body. It focused its gaze upon the girls, and let out its cry...

TO BE CONTINUED SO I HOPE YOUR BODY IS REGI

%https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6OoXVVP3PI

*138*2016-05-24 13:09

"RE...GI...GI...GAS" the creature towered above the two. It moved one foot forward, and with a horrible sound, punched one of the pillars. It came crashing down towards the two.

"Em!" Chloe pushed Emily back.

The pillar landed, leaving a hug wall of rubble between the two, with Chloe on the side of the monster.

"Ok, attacking my girlfriend? Not cool!" Chloe said, while pointing at the creature.

"Galvantula, use Electroweb!"

The creature was soon covered in electric webs. It moved slowly, but swung a massive arm downwards.

"Galvantula, jump onto its arm!" Galvantula did as instructed, and instead of getting crushed by the hand, it jumped onto it and ran onto the creature's head.

"Now, use Thunder!" the spider shot a thunderbolt straight into the creature's head, but it didn't even flinch.

Meanwhile, the creature shook sideways, making Galvantula fall on the ground. It lifted one massive arm and swiped, and soon, Galvantula had fainted.

"Go, Camerupt!" the cow-like creature looked none too pleased by its claustrophobic surroundings. Chloe held up her black bracelet and touched the key stone. Her Camerupt was surrounded by a deep pink ball. Soon, it started to crack, and burst open. In a fleeting moment, Chloe noticed a symbol remeniscent of that on the door of Evolution tower. Her Camerupt had longer fur, with a boiling, volcano-like hole on its back.

"Camerupt, use Bulldoze!"

Camerupt rose up, before digging its nose into the ground and running full speed at the goliath. When it came into contact, the creature stumbled backwards slightly, leaning one arm against the back wall.

"Now use Earthquake!"

The ground shook, and Chloe protected her head from some small stones falling off of the barrier of rubble. The ground underneath Regigigas burst and cracked, making it lose balance again.

"Follow it up with a Magnitude!"

Camerupt roared as the ground started shaking again, this time extremely violently. "Great," Chloe thought, "it's a Magnitude 9". It almost seemed like the ground was angry, as it roared and rumbled. Regigigas tried to keep its balance, but tumbled forward, taking massive hits. It slowly got up by pushing itself up with its arms.

"End it with a Lava plume!"

From the vulcano-like hole, a gigantic, wild blast of fire hit the giant before it had recovered completely, which sunk to its knees, and fell over sideways.

Chloe grabbed a Pokeball and threw it forward.

It shook,

And shook,

And,

*click*!

TO BE CONTINUED WITH A REGIGIGAS CAUSE WHY NOT?

*139*2016-05-24 14:36

(Warning, the later parts of this chapter contain messing, if it's not your thing, I suggest you skip it)

Back in the hotel room, Emily grabbed her book, and flipped to the right page.

"Regigigas, the colossal Pokemon. Regigigas is a gigantic, Golem-like Pokemon. It is one of the biggest Pokemon known to man, and it is spoken of in legends as being a creature that pulled the continents into its current place with ropes. It hasn't been seen in thousands of years. It has three underlings; Regirock, Registeel and Regice. Though a powerhouse, Regigigas has also been described as extremely slow. It's eyes are represented as seven black dots in the middle of its face. It is said to be sleeping somewhere undergound, though it is unknown where exactly it is located."

"That's awesome!" Chloe said. Emily instantly noticed something was off about her voice. There was a slightly strained undertone when she spoke. Emily turned around.

"You ok?"

"Yeah, yeah, sure, I'm fine" Chloe lied. She didn't know if it was a lunch that wasn't sitting well, but her bowels were protesting heavily.

"Hey, come on, sit down, what is it?" Emily sat Chloe down on the bed, and she sat down next to her. Chloe put one hand on her stomach.

"Now, what's wrong? Do you have a stomachache?"

Chloe was beyond words, as she was trying her hardest to calm her bowels down, so she just nodded.

"Aw, het, come here, I got ya..." Emily wrapped one arm around Chloe and pulled her next to her.

"You know what? You need to take your mind off of it, that always helped when I was in pain. But how...hmmmm." Emily thought. She knew how she'd get her mind off of things. Her eyes involuntarily moved towards Chloe's butt. Emily pulled her gaze away, but she did come up with a plan.

"How about...a massage? A grade-A, professional, super-de-luxe butt massage?"

Chloe was surprised, and kind of hesitant, but it did sound really good, and maybe it would make her forget the pressure, even if for a moment. She nodded again.

"Great! Now, face-down!" Emily demanded, and Chloe groaned a bit as she went to lie on her belly. Her butt was sticking upwards like a perfectly round mountain. Emily placed her hands on Chloe's butt, and slowly started massaging them, kneading them together and stroking them up and down. Chloe groaned in both pleasure and distress. As Emily continued to massage, Chloe realised what was going to happen. She also knew that she couldn't stop it.

As Emily massaged Chloe, she smiled softly as a soft warmth spread around her crotch, how could she be so perfect? At first, she barely noticed how slowly but surely, a small bulge was forming inbetween her buttcheeks, but eventually she noticed how Chloe's pants were slowly expanding.

"Chloe? Are you ok?" She asked, continuing her massage, she only got a groan in response as Chloe felt her bowels slowly empty. It was warm, but diffrent from her usual wetting, it felt more solid and concentrated, and she couldn't exactly say she disliked the feeling. Emily decided to not let it withhold her from this moment, and kept massaging. The buldge slowly started the spread out sideways, and by the time Chloe was done, her entire butt had swolen towards Emily.

"I'm sorry" Chloe mumbled from the cushion.

"What for? I'm just glad you could get your relief, feel better?"

"Myeah, but I am going to take a shower now, ok?" Chloe felt slightly humiliated, even though Emily didn't seem to mind.

"You do that, I'll wait for you here." Emily said with a smile, and behind Chloe's back, she put a single hand on her crotch.

TO BE CONTINPOOD!

*141*2016-05-25 08:00

{{16 hours ago, Minervafan110 said:

I think Emily has to pee but what Awsome chapters ^__^

}}

Haha, it was more a sign that she was turned on ;)

*144*2016-05-27 09:44

{{6 hours ago, guest said:

Late post relating to the person becoming darkrai:

My friend is actually writing a non omo fanfic on a similar concept where the villain is a human-pokemon hybrid (idk the exact details, but it has to do with him being injected with some ditto DNA and pokérus as a child), so that in effect he IS a pokémon shaped like a human.

}}

That makes me think of that one Pokemon rom hack, with the zombie pokemon, one of the trainers is actually a Pokemon...it's weird...but kinda cool...

*145*2016-06-21 19:59

Ok, after a break of about a month, I'm back! I'm not dead! What a surprise!

*clears throat*

"So, what's the plan Chlo? Gonna tow some more continents into place?" Emily said with a smirk as the two walked through the town.

"Well, let's go for the gym first..." Chloe said, not paying attention to Emily who was desperate for a remark about her pun, "then we can move on to the next town which iiiiis..." she flipped through the pages of the book, stopping on a map. She was surprised at how much they'd traveled already. Her town was in the south-east corner of the continent. They'd gone in a pretty straight path to sunshoal, which was in the south-west corner. They'd gone up past Skytorch and Eclace city, ending in the north-west city of Electophorus, across the northern desert, and now they were in Litho city, in the north-eastern corner.

"Chloe?" Chloe realised she'd fallen into silence.

"Oh, sorry, after this we're going to Collago city, a city on mount Ebott, known for its dragon-type trainers, we'll get our seventh badge there!"

The ground-type gym in Litho city looked like a normal Litho-house, expanded to a villa-size. Inside, there was a weight-based puzzle. The girls had to balance rock on a large scale to make a bridge rise up, leading to more scales. The final scale didn't raise a bridge, but a large wooden staircase, leading to a platform with the Gym leader. Chloe was the first to take the Gym leader on.

"Hmmm, hello there, I'm Terance, I take it you're here to challenge me?" his voice was soft, and he was pretty old, with a tanned skin and many wrinkles. His first Pokemon was a Donphan. Chloe sent out Regigigas, as it was her only Pokemon not weak to ground.

"Donphan, use Rollout!" the elephant curled up and raced at Regigigas like a tire.

"Regigigas, use Ice punch!" The punch collided with the Donphan, and for a moment there was a power struggle, which Regigigas won, as the Donphan was flung into the wall behind Terance.

"A Regigigas, huh? That's quite the catch" Terance said while withdrawing his Pokemon.

"Thanks" Chloe smiled and a light blush developed on her cheeks. Terance's next Pokemon was an Excadrill.

"Ecadrill, use dig!" the mole dug straight down, dissapearing and leaving only a small hole behind.

"Regigigas, use Earthquake!" Regigigas slammed down on the ground, which shook violently, causing some cracks to appear, and the hole to collapse in on itself. Chloe and Terance looked at eachother and at the ground, waiting for a sign of the Excadrill. He eventually dug himself out, heavily bruised and on the verge of fainting, but still standing.

"Now, Excadrill, use Horn Drill!" The Excadrill leaped forward, raming its horn into Regigigas.

"Regigigas, use Crush grip!" Regigigas grabbed the Pokemon with both hands and started crushing, until it fainted. Terance's final Pokemon was a Steelix, which evolved into mega Steelix.

"Steelix, use Double edge!" the Steelix flipped over, smashing its massive tail onto Regigigas, making them both crash to the ground.

"Regigigas, use Giga impact!" Regigigas smashed onto the steel body with its giant fist, almost crushing the Pokemon in one move.

"Steelix, use Gyro ball!" the silver ball hit home on the Regigigas, spinning against its chest.

"Ok, now, Regigigas, use Superpower!" the goliath smashed into the Steelix with both arms and its head, raming into the wall, through the wall, smashing it through some trees and eventually ending up in the sea, where it came to a halt.

"Ummm..." Chloe started as she looked at the gigantic wall behind Terance, "I'm...uuuuh..."

"Oh, don't worry, it's the risk you take" Terance smiled, "you deserve this" he handed Chloe a mountain-shaped, brown badge, "now, do you want to go as well?" he said, looking at Emily. "Oh COME ON" he yelled as she send out Primal Groudon.

TO BE C-O-N-T-I-N-U-E-D

*149*2016-06-22 08:38

Thanks everyone for the kind words :) consistency is gonna be difficult, I pretty much write whenever, but I'll at least try to update it more often. My personal life was pretty...hectic, but it's going better, so I'll probably write more often :D

I am unsure about who MMR is...dangit...

$$

$$

$$

$$

