Impatient Imran

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-12-23 00:50

Impatient Imran

Imran was impulsive, even to a fault. On an impulse he applied to study to be a doctor and leave his family and friends to be in the U.K. then on an impulse, not even thinking of the implications, he spent his third year student grant on a ‘super one off deal’ to establish his own business in multi level marketing on the promise of becoming a millionaire one day. That nearly got him deported because he stupidly hadn’t thought through the implications of working and running a business on a student visa. Thankfully another impulse of joining his local mosque saved the day, combined with a fine Muslim lawyer, and although Imran was grateful, he never did return to formal studying.

In fairness he put his all into his new business and when the company collapsed Imran spent months trying to rebuild his confidence and self image. Once again his character fault came into play when he began being impulsive with woman. Three months after meeting Shikira they were married and a month later she was pregnant.

Imran tried to settle but he couldn’t seem to deny himself. When he wanted something, wether that was the latest phone, expensive clothing or another woman, he found himself impulsively buying, borrowing and having sex, then regretting, struggling with remorse, then to make himself feel better impulsively buying, kissing or borrowing all over again.

By the time his daughter started school his wife had had enough. By 30 Imran was divorced, bankrupt and living on friend’s sofas.

Once again it was his faith friends who helped him. They prayed with him, took him to the mosque daily and worked on his character, patience and pain. Finally Imran found a job, spent his free time at the mosque helping out whenever he could, and eventually managed to rent a bed sit. He was determined to prove his doubters wrong and show he could be professional, patient and upstanding. After years of dodging paying by any trick he could, Imran finally called child support and began supporting the daughter he hasn’t seen in years. He applied for access and though it took two years he finally received one weekend a month on trial.

Tonight was one of those nights and Imran had wanted desperately to treat his daughter to try and make up for the years he had lost. Now almost 14 she was into pop bands, cartoon drawing and, to Imran’s delight, she was a faithful Muslim too. He’d saved up for months and spent almost an hour on the phone to get tickets to Ed Sheeran. He had so much to prove.

Imran met Tanisha at her local train station with her mum and new stepdad. After an awkward few minutes Imran and Tanisha boarded the train to town, had lunch in a Chinese buffet then took the train to the exhibition centre where queues were already forming five hours before the concert. Thankfully it was a mild day and Imran was just grateful to be with his daughter even if he wasn’t the biggest Ed Sheeran fan.

Time passed and the father and daughter caught up on life in the queue laughing, sharing and enjoying getting to know each other. Tanisha received what seemed like 100 text messages from her mum and friends and Imran received two: one from his phone provider informing him of a new deal and one from a close friend at the mosque saying that tonight was his chance to show everyone how patient and mature he was now. The timing of that one amusing Imran as an hour and a half of standing in the same place was frustrating him and his tendency to be impulsive was fighting within him.

Tanisha opened her bag and nibbled at a few snacks idly commenting how glad she was to have brought them and that she was even more glad she had been to the toilet at the Chinese restaurant earlier. Imran wasn’t so bothered about the snacks but he was beginning to need the bathroom and regretting his decision not to go earlier because he hadn’t needed it then. His daughter was clearly wiser than he was already, he thought.

Half an hour later and finally things looked to be moving, though it turned out to be just some internal doors opening allowing the queue to move a few meters but nothing more. Imran checked his watch. He was definitely needing a bathroom now but it was still at least two hours before the concert started and even the he had no idea where the bathrooms even were. He’d just need to wait. They were being pushed more now and the noise and crowds were a little overwhelming.

Tanisha informed him there were almost 2000 people expected to this concert alone and thanked her dad for the hundredth time for managing to get tickets. Imran loved her excitement though his legs were getting sore standing and his bladder was bothering him. Imran began to debate in his head if he could perhaps leave his daughter and go look for a bathroom. As if she could read his mind she casually commented that the amount of people actually made her feel a bit scared and she would never have come alone. Imran realised he couldn’t leave a vulnerable 13 year old girl in a crowd of thousands even if he did want to urinate. He’d have to hold on, though he was getting more and more impatient by the minute.

He moved from foot to foot a bit anxiously. Tanisha asked if he was ok but he wasn’t going to admit to his thirteen year old who he barely knew that he really wanted the gents. Instead he said his legs were aching and he was wondering when they might actually get inside. Tanisha sighed and commented that he was just how her mum had said ‘always impatient and only focussed on himself’. Imran went a little red but signed and decided he would prove his daughter’s mum wrong. He was a changed man and he had to prove it.

Time passed and they still hadn’t moved though a number of staff from the centre wear out wearing luminous coats and ensuring the lines were in order. Imran was struggling to stand still. It was now hours and hours since he’d last went to the toilet and he really needed to go. He overheard someone else asking a steward about toilets and despite the noise of the crowd he heard that there were some just inside the lobby when they finally got there. Imran just hoped that wouldn’t be long away as he was getting really bursting to go now.

Tanisha noticed her dad’s movements and anxiety. She guessed what might be wrong but felt too embarrassed to say. Imran might be her biological father but she still hardly knew him and even if he was desperate for the gents what could she do anyway? Just then she watched as her dad crossed his legs and placed a hand in his trouser pocket.

Imran was bursting. What had started as a niggle, an uncomfortable bloated feeling near his bladder was now a strong and constant tingle in his penis and an ache in his bladder. Strong urges pulsates through him, firstly at random but now every few minutes. The tapping his legs, moving from foot to foot, kicked the wall behind him and squeezing through his pockets just wasn’t working any more and when another strong urge hit he crossed his legs tightly, bent forwards and had to squeeze himself closed through his pockets. There was no denying it now: he HAD to pee really badly. He muttered to himself, caught in the moment.

‘Grrr I really really need to pee’

Tanisha looked along the line then disappeared for a minute or so. Imran bent forward holding himself no longer caring what anyone thought. He’d never felt so impatient about anything before. He HAD to pee or else he would burst.

Just then his mobile buzzed. It was another text from his Muslim friend:

‘Just remember you are a changed man Imran. Be patient. Show your daughter how mature you are now. Put her first. I know you can do this!’

Everything hurt now. His head was spinning, his stomach ached with being so full, his penis felt swollen and numb and his pride hurt too. He couldn’t piss himself here in public in a long line formEd Sheeran with his daughter here. He had to be patient.

Finally Tanisha returned, but not alone.

‘Dad I’ve told the steward it’s an emergency and you can’t be patient any more. He just wants to confirm you can’t wait. Can you?’

‘Ohhhhh I want to...’ but at that he marched on the spot and grabbed himself as another very urgent throbbing pushed his body as it yearned to release. Some urine dribbled out despite Imran’s best efforts. ‘Actually it IS an emergency. I absolutely need to toilet so badly I am about to have an accident.’

‘Don’t embarrass yourself dad. Just try and be patient a bit longer ok?’

The steward took pity on Imran and took both dad and daughter to another side entrance where he opened a door with a key and led them into a small corridor. Imran had to stop twice and bend forward and grab himself as urge after urge hit him with force as his bladder decided enough was enough. He muttered to himself as he did so.

‘Be patient Imran. Keep holding!’

Finally the steward pointed to the toilets. To his utter surprise Tanisha ran to the ladies like her life depended on it whilst Imran could only hobble to the next door gents.

As Imran undid his trousers and pulled his penis out tears filled his eyes. He’d never experienced anything like it as he cried, sighed and pissed simultaneously for as long as he could ever remember. Just when he would think he was finished his bladder would restart all over just as violently, noisily and fast as before. Imran couldn’t believe how much liquid had been in his body but what he could believe was how ecstatic it felt to finally allow it all out.

As a third stream started Imran smiled to himself. He’d been patiently holding for hours and now he was having to patiently wait while so much fluid was released.

He just hoped Tanisha was being patient waiting for him outside.

Whether or not he enjoyed the concert or not Imran was proud of himself. Just months before he would have walked out of the queue hours ago and wouldn’t have had the resilience to hold his bladder for so long for the sake of someone else.

He was finally maturing and putting others first. If only he had learnt that years before.

