The customers come first

Author: Markj9494

With the waitresses quickly gathered at the front desk, many boobing slightly on the spot, their legs closed tightly. “Ok, so ill make this quick so you can get back to work. I understand some of you are feeling a little uncomfortable, so im going to let some of you have your lunch break so you can relieve yourselves if you want too. But im going to have to make sure we have enough to cover any customers. Since you are clearly comfortable enough to break the rules Sophie, Lola, Michelle you will be staying here as well as Lacey and Melody.”

“Wait, but I really need to go” Lacey protested, a hand between her legs.

“I’m sorry we need 5 of you here. So unless anyone wants to cover for you?” Sandra asked, but the others simply looked away or at the floor. Their own needs taking precedence over being a good friend. “But when they get back I will let you all do the same. Now just finish up your current tables and you can go.”

A number of smiles and relieved faces filled the crowd, with the exception of the 5 being forced to stay behind. But it was just another hour, she could manage that Michelle told herself.

“Hey lacy and Melody, I think your tables need you.” A call came over their shoulders as Ellie now dressed made her way hastily out of the building. Her jeans clearly undone due to her bladder being simply too large and sensitive for her to close them. A quiet whimper escaped Lacey as her body seemed to pulse from the bad news.

“I’ll take them” Sophie said, making Lacey look up hopefully. But unfortunately for her, she wasn’t talking about her table but instead the group of three women that had just walked in. However, what was behind them was a little more troubling. A large group of 10 people, 8 men and two women were approaching the door, walking down the side of the building. “Don’t come in, don’t come in, don’t come in” Michelle whispered to herself, looking around and seeing Lola with another customer she knew this would be her table. Disappearing behind the large doors there was a moment where she thought that maybe they would just walk past, but then the doors open and their loud voices filled the building. “Shit” she said slightly louder than she had meant too. But there was nothing she could do, maybe if she didn’t mention it they wouldn’t try to use her as a toilet.

Walking over she could see them laughing and joking by the wait here sign, their movements slightly off and seemingly looking around the room for something.

“Hi guys, table for 10?” She asked.

“Yeah that would be great Love.” The first man replied, constantly glancing at her naked breasts as he spoke.

“Sure right this way” Michelle replied, rolling her eyes as she faced away from them.

“Can we get 10 of your largest beers darlin’” Another of them asked as they seemed to gingerly slide into the booth.

“Oh god, I don’t know if I can handle another one.” A black-haired woman remarked, chewing on her lip piercing slightly. Clearly nervous about something.

“Sure, I’ll be right back with them.” Michelle added, starting to worry where this was going. If she was forced to take in these 10 people, she would be tempted to quit on the spot.

Walking back up to the bar she noticed Lacey handing off a tube to Sophie instead of returning it. The small woman heading off to the table she had just brought in, the three women craning their necks and knees Knocking under the table as they waited. The lack of restrooms nearby was clearly affecting a lot of people today.

“Hey, Lola can you help be take these to booth 14?” Michelle asked, placing the last pint on the two trays.

As the pair of them made their way over they could see several of the group glancing at them and whispering to each other. What the hell are they up too Michelle worriedly pondered to herself. Placing the trays on the table she and Lola began handing them out, their eyes meeting for a moment and conveying their confusion about the behaviour of this group.

“So um…” here it comes, Michelle knew something stupid was about to happen, probably a pick up line or something.

“Which of you has the smallest bladder?”

“Excuse me?” Michelle asked, confused and slightly offended by the intimate question out of nowhere.

“You know, out of you girls. Which one pees the most?” He asked more excitedly this time, leaning closer to her.

“I don’t think we have to tell you that” Lola said, crossing her arms against her chest.

“I mean you guys are still offering the toilet services right” He added, raising his eyebrows suggestively.

How the hell did he know about that? “Yes we are” Michelle replied.

“Ok, well I would like to know who has the smallest bladder?”.

“And like my colleague said, I don’t think we have to tell you that.” it was Michelle’s turn to cross her arms

“Well, I think you do and I guess I would like to speak to your manager then. Unless, you would like me to make a mess on your floor.”

“C’mon Kurt just leave it. I really need to go” The woman responded, her legs jiggling under the table.

“No, no, I’d like to see a manager.” He said, louder and more forcefully this time.

“I’ll go get her” Lola gave in, not wanting to get involved in a shouting match and stopping before Michelle did. A few moments later she returned with an annoyed looking Sandra behind her.

“What seems to be the problem here?” She asked, looking accusingly at Michelle and not the customer.

“Your staff member is refusing to answer my question, I simply asked which of your servers has the smallest bladder and they got all defensive on me.” Kurt said, leaning back in his chair.

“So…why didn’t you tell the customer what he wanted to know?”

“Because its private information and seemed a little sexual in nature, which we don’t tolerate.”

“Hey you don’t have to tell me the rules, I made them.” Sandra responded. “It would be private but today its part of the service we are offering. I told you this morning to walk away if you wanted too, its too late now.”

“Sorry about this.” She said, turning and smiling at Kurt. “I think it would probably be Sophie, she is one of only two to have relieved themselves today.” Sandra added condescendingly.

“Why are you telling them that?” Michelle said, shocked by the revealing of such personal information from her boss.

“They are the customer” Sandra responded matter of factually.

“Yeah but…”

“Look, I have a lot of work to do so if you can just not have any more arguments with the customers and get back to work please.” Their boss finished, turning and walking back to her office, stopping to point Sophie in the tables direction. A worried look on her face and a clear bulge back in her abdomen despite having released herself fully into Lola just a little while earlier.

“Hey, Sandra said one of you wants to pee?” She asked.

“No love, we all do” He responded, the group grinning and enjoying the look of horror on the small woman’s face.

“But….I….There is no way I can hold 10, I’ve already got 3 in me.” Sophie whimpered.

“Look, im sorry I think its dangerous if you all go into her.” Michelle said, trying to protect her friend from either hurting herself or disgracing herself.

“That’s not what your boss says” Kurt said still grinning.

“I think they might be right, just look at her. She cant hold all these, wouldn’t it be better to spread them out anyway.” The black-haired woman asked, her legs still jiggling under the table.

“No, I want one. Now give me the tube I need to relieve myself.” He said holding his hand out.

Reluctantly Michelle had no other choice but to hand it over, Sophie had emptied herself into Lola not long ago, she could hold this hopefully. Maybe they wouldn’t all need to go, or at least have small bladders. But going off the shuffling that was going on around the table, that first point was clearly not true.

Sophie was looking even more nervous now, her legs already pressed tightly together before she accepted any more pee. She shuddered as Lola connected four pipes to hers and handed them to the customers, the clearly desperate woman for some reason refusing it. Maybe at least one of their group had some sort of empathy.

Holding the devices inside their pants the four men smiled, locking eyes with Sophie as she nervously bit her thumb nail, waiting for the inevitable discomfort that would be coming her way.

“Ned sends his regards” Kurt sneered, a wicked smile on his face as the four of them began to pee at some speed. The light-yellow liquid gurgling and rushing its way through the four connectors until meeting in the central pipe and forming a single torrent of fluid that rushed towards Sophie's already full bladder.

“Oooooh!” Sophie groaned loudly, the rush of pee battering against her bladder and started filling it past its capacity. Her hands fell to her thighs as she doubled over, the pressure inside her unimaginable. Looking down her bladder was ballooning out faster than she thought was even possible, her stomach expanding as the four bursting bladders gleefully filled poor Sophie. Baring down on their muscles they were forcing their pee into her at a tremendous pace, watching intently as she started to squirm in front of them. Her skin stretching tighter as they inflated her with the contents of their purposefully brimming bladders. They had spent the afternoon drinking as much as possible for this moment, the 10 of them receiving texts about this place from a pissed off Ned a few hours earlier. Since then they had met up in the car park downing bottle after bottle of water or beer for this exact reason, to pump these ungrateful women as full as possible.

“God” Sophie breathed heavily, groaning as the four bladders connected to hers continued to push their contents into her, the bulge in her abdomen becoming large and larger by the second. Finally and almost instantly the first stream died off, then the second until had stopped. Only 20 seconds had passed, the customers red faced with the effort of squeezing out their bladders contents as swiftly as possible. The wicked grins still written across their face as Sophie staggered to the side, her hands clutching her heavily distended abdomen. Breathing heavily through her nose the effort of containing such a load was taking its toll.

“Alright, next guys are up” Kurt said, extracting the tube from his pants and holding it up for whomever wanted it next.

“I think she is about to blow” One of the cheered as Sophie let out a guttural moan. Her head stooped and looking at the floor. Her chest heaving as she battled painful spasms and screaming muscles that had been stretched further than she could ever remember. She had never had this much pee in her before, the mass of hot liquid pressing out of her taught skin. The pressure was immense, almost too much for her brain to handle as black spots started to appear in her eyes. Stumbling again she reached a hand out for the edge of a nearby booth, only for Michelle to grab it and help guide her to where she could lean against it.

“Come on, some of us still have to go!” One of the people around the table shouted.

“She has had enough” Lola said, grabbing the connector from the tube dangling between Sophie's trembling legs and attaching it to herself. “But I’ll be more than happy to handle it.”

“Handle it, you wish” One of them retorted “I’ve been holding this all day and I’m sure it’s too much for someone as small as you.” He said grabbing a connector along with 5 of the others, the black haired woman the only one to refuse again. This time it was Lola’s turn to grunt as the five streams started, her already substantially bloated bladder expanding even more. The giant bulge pushing further and further out of her, a hiss of air escaping between her pursed lips as spasm after spasm rocked her body. After 10 seconds her quivering bladder seemed to take on a life of its own, the volume entering It causing even the top of her abdomen to grow. The tightening skin pulling up her bulge as it continued to grow to truly monstrous proportions. The five tormentors looking on with glee as the petite girl expanded with their pee.

Next to her Michelle was still trying to help Sophie in her own battle, pulses still racing through her body after being filled more than she had ever been in her entire life. Groaning and clutching herself it was clear she couldn’t last long like this.

“Hey guys I need” Lacey started, rushing up behind them.

“Sorry, we are in the middle of something” Michelle replied, too busy watching Sophie. She had to do something, or her friend would definitely not make it another minute let alone until the other waitresses got back. Sweat was rolling down her quaking body, Sophie's eyes still closed as she did her best to control herself. “Sophie, use me. I can take a bit.” Michelle said calmly, she wasn’t sure how true that was but she had to do something.”

“But I…” Lacey started behind them.

“What?” Michelle asked slightly annoyed, couldn’t she see they were in trouble already.

But as she turned around she could see Lacey herself was in trouble, a substantial bulge forcing its way out her body. Her curly dark blonde hair sticking to her clammy skin, then with a final shudder she groaned as a highly pressurised stream started to fall between her shaking legs. The clear liquid wrapping around her legs and spilling onto the floor as Lacey’s hands shot up to her face to hide her shame. “Fuckkkk” she groaned, despite the embarrassment the release was pure pleasure, customer after customer filling until she just couldn’t hold it one second more. She had been about to ask Lola to help her, just as she had done Sophie but now it was too late.

“Drink and a show!” A couple of the customers now watching Lacey piss herself cheered, clinking their glasses together. “Another Round, we can do this all day!” Kurt shouted, making Michelle shudder. She was sure the lot of them would like nothing more than to spend all day here filling them all up as much and as frequently as possible until none of them remained dry.

“Dirty bitch cant control herself” He chastised Lacey, pulling a phone out and seemingly going to take a photo or video of her accident.

Finally! Michelle thought to herself, something she could kick these guys out for. Forcibly grabbing the phone from his hand she stopped and deleted the recording, with half a mind to throw it at him.

“Hey, that’s my phone” He shouted.

“Yeah and we have a strict no phone policy. If we see one we usually ask people to put them away but given that you were actually recording her which is an offense, im going to have to ask you all to leave.”

“What a joke” He said, standing angrily. “Let go guys we can find somewhere else. Enjoy our deposit” he said loudly, leaning over to say it in Sophies ear as he passed her. Swinging the door open the group started to file out, giving the girls glares of distain despite what they were clearly trying to do to them. Soon only the desperate woman was left sitting at their booth. “Im sorry, if I move I think I might loose it” she said, a slight grimace on her face which was reddening by the second.

“Its ok, you weren’t part of the problem. If you can hang on for a moment longer I can see if we can do something to help.” Getting a nod from her, Michele’s attention returned to Sophie, a few drops of pee rolling down her bare thighs. She was losing it, wait! Turning she looked at Lacey who had just finished emptying herself on the floor. The large puddle expanding still as it worked its way across the even floor. “Lacey, I need your help.”

“Oh god that feels so much better, I don’t even care. What do you need?”

“I need you to take in some of what Sophie has in her.”

“Wait what! I’ve only just emptied myself im not sure I can handle doing it again. My muscles are too tired.”

“Look, you don’t have to take all of it, just enough so Sophie isn’t like this. Plus, Sandra hasn’t seen this yet so if you do this for me Ill go grab something to clean up this mess before you lose your overtime.”

Lacey looked around for a few moments, the relatively empty restaurant was quiet now the loud group had left. Just 4 other tables, she could do this. Nodding Lacey grabbed the tubing and Michelle went to grab a bucket and mop. Somehow the ruse worked and a couple of minutes later she was emptying the slightly acrid smelling water down the drain in the ladies room. Sandra hadn’t seen, so she didn’t need to know.

Returning to the table she could see Sophie and Lacey once again struggling with the bladders, Lola having returned to the desk. “How are you feeling”.

“A bit better, thanks Lacey. Although….I really don’t think I can hold even this much.”

“Do you think you can take more?” Michelle asked Lacey who was rubbing her own bladder with one hand. A small bulge present again in her stomach.

“Maybe later, but I don’t think I can at the moment. My muscles are still on fire down there, im sorry.”

“No its ok, thank you!” Michelle replied earnestly, she had been a little harsh on her earlier but hopefully Lacey knew it was just from the panic of the situation.

“Oh god” Sophie whimpered as she squirmed again, her bladder still easy to see in its bloated form despite what ever she had put into Lacey. “Do…Do you think Lola could help again?” she whispered to Michelle.

“I maybe, I didn’t really see her after being filled up by those guys but I imagine she must be pretty full. But we can go ask her and maybe we can share it out between a few of us.”

“Yeah…that would be good” Sophie concluded, doubled over she carefully walked to the desk where Lola was stood, her hands cupping her bladder.

“Um…Excuse me?” The black-haired woman at the table asked, her hands now firmly between her legs.

“Sorry, can you wait like 2 more minutes and someone will be right with you” Michelle asked, aware how she must be feeling.

“Um…I’ll try.”

Passing the slow moving Sophie, Michelle went ahead to ask Lola about being used again, but as she rounded the corner of the desk something caught her eye.

“Holy fuck” She almost shouted.

Lola’s short stature had hidden the true extent of her bladder behind the tall desk, but now coming around it was impossible not to see it. The tiny woman looked more than 9 months pregnant, her bladder pushing inches out of her and more than doubling her waistline. It was a good job they were naked, otherwise there was no way her clothes would have fit around her monstrously bloated bladder.

“Yeah it’s a lot, its definitely more than I’ve ever held before” Lola said, a look of pain overcoming her for a moment as something indie her spasmed.

“How are you not exploding right now”

“Well, I cant lie its getting hard now. But its always good to test your limits” She said, a forced and pained smile on her face.

“Holy fuck” Came a cry from Sophie who had just caught up with them and was now seeing the same rotund mass perilously pushing out of Lola. “How is it even possible for one person to hold that much?”

“I guess, bladders can stretch a lot. People just don’t push themselves as much as I have to know where the limits are.” Lola said calmly.

“Well its bloody impressive…Do…Do you think I could do that one day?” Sophie asked, getting a strange look from Michelle and Lola.

“What do you mean?” Lola asked, confused.

“Like, get better at holding. Im sick of being the one to always having to rush off to pee. It would be nice ”

“Sure I guess…just don’t hurt yourself.” Lola said, the others aware of the irony given just how much Lola was currently holding. There was no way that was normal.

The other part of it was something Sophie didn’t want to admit. On the walk over she had felt something inside her, the weight of her bladder pressing on something, a part of her that was causing pleasure to radiate around her body with every step. She had never felt anything like it before, It was strangely addictive in a way. Shuffling again she felt her bladder pulse with pain and then with pleasure, causing her purse her lips.

“Are you ok Sophie” Michelle asked

“I…oh yeah im good, I want to try and hold it.” Sophie stammered, blushing madly and feeling embarrassed about almost being caught enjoying this.

Noticing a hand waving from across the room Michelle swore in her head, she had forgotten about that woman again. Could she handle another bladder, if she did she was sure that never mind Sophie but she herself would be near breaking point. Her bloated bladder was already causing the occasional spasm and peak of discomfort, but looking around she couldn’t help but realise she was probably in the best position of any of them. Grabbing the tube she walked over, the womans face becoming more relaxed after spotting the equipment in her hand.

“Sorry about that, your friends did a number on a couple of my friends.” Michelle admitted.

“Yeah I can see that, im really sorry” she replied, jiggling furiously on the spot.

“Not your fault, but I can let you pee if you want too?”

“Into you?” She asked, clearly concerned about something.

“If that’s ok?” Michelle added, wondering what the look was for.

“Its just, you look pretty full and I mean, ive got a pretty big bladder”

“But you seem to…”

Yeah I know I look desperate, those guys I was with also know I have a big bladder. They kept forcing me to drink more and more, I think I must have had more than a gallon of water by the time we arrived, plus a few beers. So Im really dying, but I don’t want to cause any more issues for you guys.”

“No its ok, its our job and I appreciate you trying.”

“If you are sure, is there no one more empty than you?” The woman asked, the complete opposite of the purpose her group had come here with.

“I don’t know…” But Michelle was interrupted by the front door opening again. “Oh thank god” she said, recognising Trudy returning from her lunch break.

“Trudy!” she shouted, waving her over.

“I need you to take this customer”

“Bit I’ve only just got back Michelle.” She pleaded.

“I’ll take that sift you wanted to swap next week”

“Ok fine” Trudy said, taking off her clothes in the middle of the room and making a bit of a scene. Thankfully there were just 2 other tables, Melody having finished up with another of hers.

Helping connect the tubes and handing one to the squirming woman Michelle watched a powerful burst flow into the tube. She hadn’t been lying about needing to go. A look of relief washing over her face.

“Oooohh, I forgot how this felt.” Trudy complained. The flow continuing 30 seconds later as Michelle witnessed her friend’s bladder starting to really bloat out of her.

“Holy fuck how much have you got in you” Trudy grunted, only getting a slight whimper from the woman in response. 5 more seconds, then 10, 15 seconds passed as the flow continued. “How can one woman hold so much!” Trudy all but shouted as her bladder continued to swell inside her. Another 10 seconds and she couldn’t handle the insurmountable pressure building inside her. Pain and muscles spams rocketing through her, being filled so quickly was destroying her ability to control it.

“Oh god im going to burst, you have to stop.” Trudy cried

“Im sorry im trying!” The customer said, grunting.

“Try harder!”

“I’ve been holding it in all day and I’ve had so much to drink” The woman pleaded. But finally, after another few seconds the stream stopped.

“Holy fuck, Holy fuck, Holy fuck” Trudy stammered, her eyes wide and both hands between her legs. “what the fuck was that, im worse off than when I went on break!” She winced, a powerful wave squeezing her bladder.

“Im sorry” The woman said, her hands still between her crotch and gurning slightly. “I’ve got to go”, she said, standing up out the door. Running along the windows she suddenly stopped just a few feet from the building. Her legs crossing and bending over, she was clearly still battling her own bladder. Then after a few moments they watched as her black jeans started darkening even more, light reflecting from streams of pee that were soaking through the heavy fabric. A puddle rapidly spreading from her on the pavement as she continued to piss herself. The quantity of drinks she was forced to drink, combined with only a partial pee, weakening her control too much.

“I cant hold this” Trudy whimpered, dancing on the spot. “I’ve got to go again.” She continued, grabbing her dress and throwing it back on before rushing out of the door and past the still peeing customer. Michelle didn’t know what her plan was, where could she possibly be going. But picking up her friend’s things including Trudy’s underwear, she bundled them up and went to hide them behind the desk. Sandra hadn’t seen her yet so she might get away with her thinking it was still her lunch break. She definitely owed her that much, there was no way she could have taken that woman’s bladder. Especially if only a partial pee had that much impact on a completely empty one.

“I swear if those guys don’t get back soon im going to piss myself like Lacey” Melody said, the group now together behind the main desk. For the first time that day the whole place was empty, the last table thankfully for Sophie not asking to use the facilities before leaving.

Looking over at the slightly wider set woman, Michelle could see the large bulge pressing out of Melody. Her bladder like Michelle’s own filled by multiple customers and denied any relief. Now only them and the ever-expanding Lola were left having had no relief all day. Their friends losing control or in Sophies case using Lola.

“You can use me if you want too?” Lola offered to Melody, despite the fact she was now clearly sweating and breathing heavily. The weight of her bladder wreaking havoc with her body, yet still she offered to hold more for these guys.

“What no! The amount I have in me would be too much for even you at this point. I can hold it.” The purple haired waitress said confidently. Although she wasn’t too sure, her body similarly reacting to the intense need to pee she felt. The effort causing sweat to build on her brow, the purple dye in her hair coming off and turning the roots of her hair a light shade of pink.

Thankfully they didn’t have to wait long as just after half past 3 the other waitresses started to walk back in. Their lunch time over and looking far more relieved, they strolled back in to see the remaining 5 bobbing and dancing in desperation. All marvelling at the size of Lola as she still somehow contained the vast ocean of pee from more than a dozen people.

“Thank god they are back, I was like 5 minutes from weeing myself” Melody said again, the relief easy to hear in her voice.

“Should we go ask Sandra?” Sophie said, her own need quite substantial at this point.

“Ask Sandra what?” Came the voice of their boss, despite wearing shoes they swore she somehow moved around silently.

“The place is empty and I…We, would really use a break.” Said Michelle, the others nodding in agreement.

“Well I suppose since the place is empty I cant see any reason why no…”

The sentence was interrupted as the front door swung open, loudly hitting the door stop.

“I need a bathroom” A woman yelled, a hand in her crotch. But that wasn’t what got the attention of the waitresses. Outside a storm of red and white striped shirts was swirling around the building, the game in the stadium ending and sending hundreds of fans their way.

“No, No, No, No!” Melody shouted, seeing where this was going.

As they watched a line formed, quickly stretching out of the door and around the side of the building. Pee dances filled the streets as people waited, not to use the restaurant for what it was designed for but just to pee into them. Apparently there had been no restrooms at the match, now two hours later the supporters were bursting and looking for a way to release themselves of the burden of their bladders.

“We cant take this many, its insane!” Melody stated, turning to look at Sandra.

“If you want your pay you better take them, as long as they buy something.” Their boss said, walking towards the line.

“You cant be serious, there must be like 100 of them.” Michelle said following her closely.

“Better get started then. Look, the sooner you deal with them the sooner you can go on break”

“Only paying customers” Sandra said loudly to those waiting.

“Oh god, ill buy whatever you want. Please just help me” The brunette at the front pleaded with Michelle.

“Im holding 6 already, plus my own. I cant take this!” Melody said loudly as Sandra walked away.

“I…Ok come with me” Michelle gave in, the pleading and desperate eyes of the woman winning her over.

“You….oh my god.” Melody whimpered, giving in to the fact that this was happening, despite her already bulging bladder she would just have to suck it up and take more. “OK, you” she said pointing at a random guy second in the line. “You buying something?” Getting a nod she sighed heavily. “Fine, come this way.”

Sitting her customer in the booth Michelle prepared herself, the wild fidgeting of the customer doing nothing for her need. “What can I get you?” she asked. “I, I just need to pee” The woman stammered back. “Im afraid we are only offering it to paying customers, once you order something, I can help you.” Michelle replied calmly, she hated the fact that it had crossed her mind but the longer she took with each customer the less she would have to deal with. But given there were now 8 empty bladders to use, she figured it was only fair.

“I’ll have a coffee then”

“Ok great. Now take this” she said handing the woman the end of the catheter. “Put that under yourself and then feel free to let go.” Hastily the woman quickly undid her jeans, her light blue panties already displaying a small wet spot from where she had started to leak. Moving her panties to the side rather than pulling them down a river or pee raced out of her, the customer moaning in relief. Michelle’s face straining as she felt another bladders contents being forced into her own. The skin around her mid-section feeling tighter and ripples of what felt like static shocks starting to race across her taught skin.

“Ooooh” she breathed out heavily.

“Im sorry, I thought there would be toilets at the stadium but they were closed. I’ve been waiting hours, I would have tried to get back home but its like an hour on the bus and I just know I wouldn’t have made it.”

“Its alright” Michelle said, forcing a smile on her face.

Soon the building was filled with the moans and groans of the waitresses, many of them hooked up to multiple desperate customers from a line that seemed endless. The sports fans spilling into their establishment and pushing their bladders contents into the tortured women working here. One customer soon became two and then three for Michelle as she felt her body trembling under her demands. The size of her bladder increasing dramatically with each customer that continued to flood into the place.

A guttural scream filled the room, “I cant take it” Melody shouted, her whole body shuddering as it seemed to be coming apart at the seams. Her giant bladder currently being filled ruthlessly by 5 men at the same time. Their strong streams flowing down the tubs at some pace into the writhing and grunting purple haired woman. Her face covered in a pained expression as her hands held onto her expanding bladder, trying to hold it together. But it was no use, with a final pained scream it was just too much for her. “I Caaaan’t Hold it” she yelled, a hand reaching down and pulling out the Catheter just as the five guys finished filling her. Almost instantly she exploded, her pent-up piss flying in all directions as her massive bladder emptied itself.

The strongest stream of pee any of them had ever seen erupting out of her tortured body, a dozen bladders worth of contents streaming out of her. The relief making her go light headed as she sank onto the cold floor, her legs wide open and the stream arching out of her and racing its way across the floor. A giant puddle starting to form around the sitting woman, apparently to far gone to care about what was happening. She had been pushed far beyond her limit and had reached a physical barrier that she just couldn’t overcome.

The litres and hours’ worth of pee spilling out of her at speed. Even after 30 seconds the bulge in her abdomen refused to disappear, however the sight was too much for a number of those in the line. Three women and a man losing control of their bladders. Dark streaks forming on their trousers as they desperately lost the fight for their dignity. Their puddles of pee rapidly spilling out of their trouser legs and flowing over their shoes and onto the floor to join Melody’s.

The two men next in line for Melody openly holding themselves, before spotting and joining the Que that had formed next to Lola. Lola was now hooked up by the entrance, sitting with her legs wide open to accommodate the truly gargantuan bladder bulge that was pressing her hips apart. Customers lined up one after another as they peed into the inflated woman, taking their relief and then handing the tube to the next waiting person. Lola’s face and chest were as red as possible, her whole body covered in a layer of sweat as beads of it collected and rolled down her now giant frame. One by one the customers came, ruthlessly pushing more and more piss into her tortured body as she writhed and groaned.

She could stop it at any moment, but instead she let them continue to pump her bigger and bigger. Her bladder surpassing that of a 9 month pregnancy for someone her size, her small frame further exaggerating the truly monstrous size of it. Groaning and whimpering her hands held onto the massive organ that was almost hanging off her, Lola s face constantly grimacing as the pain overwhelmed her. Yet still more desperate customers came, grabbing a tube and peeing into her. But the sight of her distended body too much for many of the customers, not wanting to harm her and instead going to another of them or even starting to pee outside. A number of women near the rear of the line losing control and squatting in the street, a river of pee making its way into the nearby drain.

Lola’s grunts and moans could be heard through out the building as yet more people filled her up, it was relentless. But there was nothing Michelle or the others could do, their time taken up by their own bladders being filled by lines of customers. Even Melody and Lacey who had wet themselves once already were being hooked up again, the formers large puddle still sitting on the floor. Many of the waitresses looked on the verge of control, multiple customers being hooked up to each and every one of the staff. Grunts and cries of desperation or pain still echoing around the room from the still desperate customers and waitresses alike.

After 10 minutes of this torturous cycle even those that had emptied themselves out at lunch were struggling. Their bladders being maxed out again almost instantly after arriving back at work. But they all knew they would surely have burst if they had not had at least some release. The fact that Lola and Michelle were still holding was a wonder to them.

Michelle for her part was nearing the edge of her control, her own bladder now much larger than she could ever remember it being in her life. Those static like shocks she had felt earlier now turning into pulses and forks of brilliant white pain. Shooting around her body from her bladder that was stretched so tight she was starting to think If she touched anything sharp she was going to pop like a water balloon. Looking down she tried to rest a hand on it as the fifth customer finished up using her, but even the slight contact made it contract and pulse wildly. Biting her lip hard she managed to keep her groan quiet instead of yelling out like she really wanted too. This was madness she reminded herself, all this for just some more money. Was it really worth it? But looking over at the giant and panting Lola, it wasn’t just for money any more, it was to help her and the rest of the staff.

But thankfully and mercifully as she looked up it seemed that as quickly as the line had formed, it was almost gone. The last few customers hooked up to the waitresses, two more peeing into the groaning Lola while she could see others still peeing against the outside of the building. Then the stillness that was present earlier returned, the whirlwind of fans destroying the place and the waitresses.

“How the fuck are you not exploding right now?” Michelle asked the panting Lola, her face contorted with pain and twitching madly.

“I….if I move im going to lose it” she whimpered.

“I can hold a lot…but this is too, its too much.” She said, panic starting to creep in.

“Hold on Lola, Ill go see if any one can take some. You’ve taken in so much for us it’s the least we can do. Just hold on!” Michelle said, leaving the sweating, writhing and whimpering mess of her friend still reclined and stuck in her booth. She knew that if Lola was admitting it, it had to be true.

“Girls, I think Lola is really suffering. Do any of you think you can take a bit, just to take the edge off?”

“Im pretty full, but maybe a little?” Lacey said.

“I don’t think I can, im just too full already. That was like 7 guys each” Another said, the others nodding in agreement. Bulges coming out of each and every one of them as the desperately danced or stood with their legs firmly crossed. “I’ll take some, it’s the least I can do” Came a surprising candidate. Sophie who was still sporting her own bladder bulge stood up, looking far more confident in her abilities. “Fuck it, ill take a little too. She did take a lot for us.” Melody said, walking over and putting an arm around Sophie. With that a couple of others were in, if Sophie could handle it then they could too!

Walking over to Lola who now had her hands pressing deeply in her crotch, her legs unable to close due to the sheer size of her distended bladder which was taking up the space between the tops of her thighs. “Hold on Lola, a few of us are going to help.” Michelle said as they one by one hooked themselves up to a new tube. The eight desperate women knew this was the right thing to do, but it was going to make it so much harder for them to hold for themselves.

“Ok, you can let go now” Sophie said, the last to be hooked up.

“But only a bit, I cant take much more” Lacey and Melody said in agreement.

“I can hol…hol…hold it” Lola stammered, her body being shaken to its core by the powerful pulses from her over taxed bladder.

“Don’t hurt yourself, you told me the same earlier and Its because of me you are in this position, let us help”. Sophie said, noticing a tear falling from Lola’s eye as the pain became too much. A moment later a dribble of pee entered the tube, not enough to even make it to the others. But gradually as if she was prying the door to her bladders open it picked up speed and after a few seconds a solid stream started to flow into the tube. The eight women attached to her groaning as their already full bladders took the brunt of Lola’s erupting tank.

“Ok, ok, ok” Please. That’s all I can take” Lacey begged just a few seconds later, her hands gripping onto the side of the nearby table.

“Im stopping, im stopping” Lola said, but the river continued.

“Im too full” Melody groaned, her own tired muscles complaining loudly having lost control minutes before.

But after just 15 seconds the stream in the tube stopped, Lola somehow regaining control over her titanic bladder. From the outside it seemed that the pee had barely made a dent, her bulge barely reducing if at all. Despite that it seemed to have really helped Lola. She was still breathing heavily, her face and chest red with exertion, but her posture and expression looked far more relaxed now. The opposite of Sophie, whose eyes were wide a she stood unmoving. Breathing heavily through her nose Michelle was worried she was about to loose it too. But somehow, she held on.

“What is going on here?” Sandra asked, appearing out of nowhere once again.

“We need to go on break, now” Michelle replied, all to aware that the minor relief Lola was feeling would be gone in minutes. The forks of pain in her own bladder transforming into a solid stabbing sensation, causing her to wince.

“Well, its only an hour till we close. Seems a bit pointless to let you go now” Her boss said callously. Her apparent disregard for Lola and her’s feelings boiling her blood. Half Michelle’s mind wanted to pin Sandra down and connect her up and let the entire staff empty themselves into their boss who clearly didn’t care about them. She would enjoy watching as the 11 of them filled her up with the dozens of customers worth of piss still coursing through their bladders.

“We are going. We are legally owed a lunch break, which we will be taking now.” Michelle said, not taking a no for an answer. Aware of the fact the deep pulses from her bladder getting worse by the moment. She couldn’t imagine what Lola was going through or for that matter what Sophie was going through, the ordinarily pee prone blonde holding far more than she would have thought she would have been able too.

“Well, I guess you have been here all day.” Sandra conceded.

“Oh thank god” Melody breathed out, her own bladder just as full as it was before the rush of fans despite losing control.

“Can you grab these guys things?” Michelle asked Melody, aware that the less the three of them had to move the better. Herself, Sophie and Lola teetering on the edges of control, their bodys trembling and fighting them to ,make them release their bladders.

“Yeah sure” Melody said, racing off to the staff room as fast as her full bladder would let her. Returning a few moments later she had a slightly worried look on her face. “I think we might have a problem” ,she said holding up the skin tight leggings Lola had worn to work that day, there was no way they would fit her massively bloated body now.

“I picked the wrong day to wear those” Lola half joked.

“What are we going to do?” Melody asked, bobbing on the spot as Lola’s leggings flapped in her hand.

A dinging noise alerted the group, the front door opening once again as a pair of gruff men walked in.

“Hi, sorry to bother you, could we use a bathroom please. You’re the only place still open.” One of them said.

Lola’s eyes went wide, she had just filled everyone to capacity, her friends had put their bodies on the line for her. Now there were two more customers, two more bladders to empty. Her breathing became shallow, she was the only one who could do this, the others didn’t have the strength.

“Yeah sure” She said standing on shaky legs, getting a worried expression from the two men as they watched the bloated woman stumble towards them.

“Are you ok?” he asked

“I yeah im fine” Lola said, handing him a catheter.

“Uhhhh…” He said looking confused at it.

“The water main is out, if you want to…relieve…. yourselves, you can go into me.” Lola shuddered, the momentary rest bite from the others taking her load already gone.

“What!” he said dropping the tube. “Sorry, no I mean, the main is fixed. We have been out there all day but the water should have come back on like an hour ago?” He asked as much as said.

Now Lola’s eyes were wide for a different reason, relief was at hand if these men were to believed.

“Wait, we can pee!” Melody shouted, the other waitresses looking excitedly at each other.

“I…uh yeah, so can I use your toilet or…?” He asked, still looking bemused at the room full of naked, bursting women who had seemingly spent the day letting their customers pee into them.

“Yeah sure its over there” Lola said pointing towards the men's room. The two engineers walking towards and pushing the door open. As soon as it swung closed a mad dash started, the quiet clunk of the wood like a starting pistol as the dozen women darted for the ladies room. They knew it only had two stalls, it would be a race to see who got their first, unfortunately for Michelle Lola and Sophie, they had found themselves the wrong side of the group. They had been about to go out the door, not to the toilets they had thought were still out of order.

“Wait!” A loud voice shouted as the first hands reached the door.

Walking out of her office came Sandra. “Lola, Michelle, you should go. You are both the only ones who have managed to last all day without disgracing themselves or using someone else. I think its only fair you both go first and then I guess Sophie and Lacey had better be next.”

Looking at each other in disbelief, Lola and Michelle couldn’t believe it. Their boss had actually just done something nice for them. Without wanting to wait for her to change her mind the pair rushed as fast as their bulging bladders would allow them. Sophie helping Lola along the way as the other waitresses stood to the side, letting them past while they danced in line.

Opening the door the pair all but fell into the stalls, the doors closing with Sophie waiting outside having helped Lola in. As soon as they sat their aching and abused bodies took over. Powerful streams erupting out of both of them, their speed and ferocity enough to make Michelle worried she was about to break through the ceramic bowl. But after a few seconds all worry’s ebbed away, her distended and giant bladder relaxing as spasms still raced through her tortured body. The pair of them groaning loudly in the absolute pleasure of finally peeing after so long and so much holding. Their groans and moans of pleasure reverberating through their stall and loud enough to enter the main room where the waiting women’s desperate dances only increased in ferocity as a response.

Their twin streams continued for some time, but after more than two minutes of pure bliss Michelle was empty. Her aching muscles trembling and burning with a tired energy as if she had been working out. Pins and needs seemingly flowing across her now empty bladder in a sensation she had never felt before. Looking under the cubicle door she could see Sophie's bare feet dancing up and down as she paced around outside the cubicles. Michelle tried to stand but found no strength in her legs, taking a deep breath she pulled herself off the seat. Opening the door she let Sophie push through, sitting on the toilet and letting her own stream out as a new set of moans filled the room.

Sophie hated to admit it, but it felt so good to pee! She had never really wanted to push herself to hold more, but after watching everyone hold today and realising that she could hold much more than she thought possible, she was resolute that she would hold more in the future. After just over a minute she too ran dry, all the while Lola had continued to empty out, her heavy and ragged breathing filling the room as she panted.

“Oh fuck” Lola said out loud as the sound of splashing water filled the room.

“Did you break the toilet?” Sophie asked, flushing her toilet and standing up.

“No….I think I filled it.”

The end.

###

I hope you guys enjoyed this story and I did the premise Justice.

All feedback is always welcome!
