Sexy Guys During a Morning Emergency

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2021-04-06 19:45

WARNING: all characters are adults in this story but there is strong nudity snd sex scenes. Just wanted to make that known ahead of time . Nothing violent or bad, all legal and adults just letting you know.

Pablo, a twenty something tall, blonde hair guy in excellent shape woke up. Pablo got out of bed and stretched, completely naked. His pale white skin but thin muscular body that showed off his rib bones and v-shaped back. His strong, hairy calf’s that he bent backwards and grabbed to stretch and crack his leg knuckles. He bent over and his rock hard ass stretched open as his long dong pointed to the floor. He stretched his body, kicking one leg back as the other bent at the knee in front of him, and did it with the other side. He stretched both arms in their air as he cracked his hand knuckles and twisted. Dear lord his body was amazing.

Pablo scratched his hairy crotch and then walked outside his apartment. In it, Billy sat. Billy had his shirt off and Pablo felt aroused. He walked over and said “hey Billy, can I feel you?”

Billy grabbed Pablo’s crotch and rubbed it, making it rock hard. Pablo breathed heavy as each stroke excited the feeling between his legs.

“Oh...oh...oh yeah. S...suck it.”

Billy did. He placed his mouth on Pablo’s long cock, and sucked on it making Pablo’s back twitch and legs quiver. His body flicked back and forth and side to side. “Oh god, oh god.”

Pablo’s cock tasted like a salty sausage, with a smooth outer layer. Pablo grabbed Billy’s head and felt great.

But then his bladder twitched, and with that twitch came a sudden burst of morning pee pain that was so heavy his knees bent from the weight.

To be continued

*001*2021-04-07 15:07

Part 2

“Umm....umm...” Pablo said, very comfortable, tightening the top of his legs against his wiener to keep the hose closed so he would leak in Billy. Suddenly his hips started to wave back and forth, and Billy came off his cock.

“What’s wrong?” Billy asked .

“N...nothing just....just,” suddenly Pablo was sweating, and the urge for release became ten times more painful. He grabbed his crotch and hurried off downstairs to the bathroom dancing foot to foot along the way. “Ah, ah, ahhhh!”

Pablo then froze at the sexy sight that kept his cock hard but anxiety high. The other guys who lived in the apartment dorm were all in line too, all looking very desperate for the loo.

The naked buffed all around Aaron was at the back, the tall, tanish thin Kevin was in the middle, and the slightly chubby in the belly but still sexy overall Jesse was in the front, all naked, all holding their socks dancing, all panicking Pablo.

To be continued

*003*2021-04-20 20:31

Part 3

“What’s going on?!” Pablo freaked out.

“What’s it look like? We’re dying for a piss!” Said Kevin. “My tanks about to explode my dick off.”

Aaron said as he held himself bouncing around. “Ooooooh please don’t cause stressful thoughts like that I’m about to burst!”

Jess meanwhile was hopping side to side on his fresh white feet, his mouth round as he felt shocks of pain punch into his gut.

Pablo was dancing for his life at the back of the line with his legs tight together, his wiener crushed between his knees as his arms wrapped around himself.

“Do....do you guys think I could go to the front.” They all looked at him angrily. “Ah come on! I’m dying for a piss here!”

“So....erg....are all of us,” said Kevin.

Jesses legs twisted as he hopped up and down with wide eyes. A little overweight yes, but the flab still was just on muscle you could tell. He looked hot and cute for a guy who wasn’t muscular.

“Oh boy,” Jess said. Clearly, this big guy had little hopes.

“Nooooooo!” Yelled Aaron who was pissing all over floor, all over himself. He crushed his dick in his hands, but it was like a firehouse firing out piss. The other guys backed up and danced around while holding themselves as Aaron ran away crying in shame.

Pablo meanwhile was feeling his bladder start to give out. He sweated and grinded his teeth, and he only felt more anxiety as he turned and saw his crush Billy standing by watching.

To be continued

*004*2021-09-27 19:42

Finale.

Jesse, Kevin and Pablo were all naked, all muscular, and all sweaty and tense as they clenched their crotches with all their might praying to the Gods they wouldn’t have an accident.

That’s when the bathroom door opened, and Jesse rushed in past the last guy peeing this brains out.

Kevjn was turning red, biting his lips and shaking. Pablo was all clenched and bouncing. That’s when an evil wizard showed up. He said that Kevin used to bully him when he was younger and he learned magic for revenge so he shot the spell, but Kevin dodger out of the way accidentally releasing his pee everywhere all over the wizard. The spell hit Pablo.

The wizard screamed as he was covered with Kevin’s pee and melted away. Pablo meanwhile felt weird. The ghost of the wizard came back and said “so that spell sorry it hit you, but basically it makes you hold in your pee forever so you’re always uncomfortable and miserable. Bye bye.”

Pablo couldn’t believe his ears. His eyes filled with tears as he fell to his knees, but his pee was locked inside of him. He cried, cried in misery as he would not be desperate forever.

The end

