The Legend of Zelda TP: Ilia`s Incontinence

Author: MemeOverlord

*000*2020-10-19 02:50

For this story, I had been posting all of the new entries into the original thread, rather than creating a new thread for each chapter. However the problem was that the original thread was labeled as part 1, so this may have caused confusion for some people. So here I will be reposting all of the previous chapters, and the new ones as well from here out.

The Legend of Zelda TP

Ilia's Incontinence Pt. 1

&&

(I take no credit for the image. Artist: unknown.)

"...run...."

"....run!"

"RUN!!"

Ilia's eyes shot open, only to be greeted with more darkness. Had she been asleep? Why did she have a horrible pain at the back of her neck? Where was she....who was she? Ilia couldn't seem to remember any of these things, all she could remember was that voice she was dreaming of, "Run....RUN!" That was the only memory she really seemed to posses at the moment. Ignoring her apparent lack of memories, Ilia's mind shifted towards survival, she needed to figure out what was going on. She tried to move, but realized she could not stand, or even move her arms. A rough cut of rope held her tightly to a support beam inside of whatever building was serving as her prison. Ilia felt a sudden wave of fear sweep over her, fear of the unknown, she knew nothing and could see nothing in the dark building, all she knew was that she was a captive, and that was a scary thought.

"H-hello?" Ilia managed to stammer, her voice small, "Is anybody there?" Her question was answered by the hideous sound of strange creatures whooping and howling, speaking a primitive language of various grunts and gurgles. One of the creatures loudly beat upon the door of Ilia's cell, indicating that she was to remain quiet. Ilia's heart jumped at the sounds, as her words choked in her throat.

After a few minutes, the initial paralyzing fear of the monsters gave way to a less crippling fear, a looming sense of dread. She knew that she had to somehow find a way out of here. Her eyes had now finally adjusted to the light; Ilia could faintly make out her surroundings, a derelict house with shattered windows. The broken windows were allowing trace amounts of moonlight to work their way into the room. Ilia could see that the room was completely bare, say for herself, and the support beam she was tied to.

For several minutes, Ilia struggled with her bindings, attempting to break free, but to no avail. Her arms were pulled behind her and wrapped around the pole, fastly secured to the base of the pole with some rope. The rope was tied off so low that she was being forced to sit on her knees, rather than stand. Every time she would tire herself out, she would remember the looming, unknown horror right outside her prison, and then continue trying to free herself of her bonds.

After what felt like an eternity, dawn finally came. The first golden rays of sunlight crept through the shattered window, and fell upon an exhausted young girl. Ilia had been struggling all night, and no longer had the energy to hold herself up, she was leaning forward on her knees, with her bound wrists holding her weight from completely falling to the floor. She was so tired, but Ilia was now intrigued at the prospect of being able to see clearly. After surveying her room again, she once more determined that the room was empty. Now Ilia turned her eyes down towards herself, as she couldn't seem to even picture what she looked like. Looking down, Ilia saw she was wearing a white, sleeveless chemise, and light brown capri pants, with bare feet. Though she previously couldn't recollect what she was wearing, this did not feel surprising, seeing her body just naturally felt familiar.

Ilia's train of thought was broken when one of the beasts from outside suddenly burst through the door, and into her holding chamber. Ilia was instantly afraid if the hideous little beast, it had a hunched back, horns, green skin, and beady little red eyes. The eyes stared at her thirstily. &&

Ilia's body tensed up as the creature approached her, her mind was now racing, wondering why she had been captured, and what the creature's plans were for her. It waddled right up to her, looking down, it put it's face a mere few inches from Ilia's. Her stomach churned as it looked at her, not just because of the horrid smell, but also because of the way it was looking at her. Despite her best efforts, Ilia started to whimper slightly. She jumped when she suddenly heard a loud clank on the floor, and the sloshing of water. Looking down, Ilia saw that the creature had brought a pail of water with a ladle. Surprisingly, the water looked clean.

The creature grabbed Ilia's lower jaw and squeezed her cheeks, forcing her mouth open, in the other hand, it took the ladle and poured water into her mouth. She hadn't realized just how thirsty she was, so Ilia greedily slurped at the water. For some reason, this seemed to amuse the green beast, so it refilled the ladle, pulled Ilia's head back, and tried to dump the whole ladle full down her throat. This caused Ilia to choke on the water, and spray it out of her mouth, coughing violently. The little green wretch began making a horrible gurgling sound, which Ilia could only surmise, must have been laughing. The rest of the day Ilia sat in the room alone, until the creature returned with more water at dusk. The process was repeated again the next morning.

At first, Ilia had been desperately thirsty, her body utilized all of the water. But now it had been at least a full day and a half since she had probably last used the toilet, she honestly couldn't remember anything prior to her waking up in this room. But now she was getting desperate, she really needed to pee. The creepy green creatures holding her captive had not harmed her yet, so Ilia thought perhaps she could try communicating with them again, even though she reviled even being in their presence.

"Hey!" Ilia called "Anybody out there?!" Her call was met with silence. "Please! I-I really need th-the toilet!" She cried out, as her voice began to crack. At this comment, her captors only responded with the same hideous gurgling laugh as before, but otherwise, did nothing.

Another hour passed by, Ilia tried to keep her legs crushed together as hard as she could, though it was difficult due to the way she was being forced on her knees. She couldn't quit get her thighs to touch. She was using every ounce of her will power to not wet herself. Ilia wanted to grasp her girlhood with her hands, to relieve the pressure, but her hands were still tightly bound. The pressure was becoming too much to handle, Ilia suddenly lost control for a second, as a spurt of urine squirted into her panties. Quickly she forced herself to get a grip, as the embarrassment began to set in, she realized that an accident was inevitable. Tears were now running down her face, even though Ilia knew there was nothing she could do to stop the inevitable accident, she still blindly held on to hope that her captors would have mercy or something, anything! She was in so much pain now!

"N-no!" Ilia cried out, as she felt a warmth spread through her panties. She couldn't hold it back anymore, the warm wetness spread more and more as she began to completely lose control of her bladder, and fully wet herself. Her pee soaked through her panties and into her pants. Ilia felt the hot piss running down her thighs and pooling on the floor around her knees. Her urine made a loud hissing noise as in gushed out of her vagina in through her panties, it went on for over a full minute. Completely defeated, Ilia began to sob, as her body slumped forward again, her weight resting on her wrist bindings, a very large puddle of pee surrounding her, leaking through the floorboards.

Ilia's sobbing was interrupted by that horrible gurgling laugh, she looked up and felt the hot burn of shame spread across her face as she saw several of those little green devils peering in at her. They were laughing, their red eyes burning holes into Ilia. She shuddered at the pleasure they were getting from her misery and humiliation.

Written by:

High Meme-Overlord

The Legend of Zelda TP:

Ilia's Incontinence Pt. 2

Ilia felt as if she had been walking forever now. Her feet were sore, and this narrow path just went on and on. She looked up above her and could see that the sun was directly over head, thus causing the rocky embankments to either side of her to cast no shadows. The red rock stretched upward like walls, and made her feel uncomfortable, she could easily be cornered here. She couldn't quite remember why she was so on edge, but Ilia felt the recollection pressing at the back of her mind stating that she was fleeing from somewhere, or something.

Unbeknownst to her, Ilia had recently been attacked and captured by Bulblins, and held by them in the secret village. Her injures, and initial trauma had caused her to suffer retrograde memory loss. The psychological terror and trauma that she faced at the hands of her captors had now forced her brain into a sort of post traumatic amnesia, which blocked out her recent memories of being held in the village, and how she escaped.

It was now reaching the heat of the day. Ilia couldn't remember what happened, but the heat stimulated Ilia's clothes, causing the aroma of old urine to drift upward from her pants. "Pew, why do I smell pee?" She said aloud. She sniffed, "Uugh, is that coming from my pants?" *sniff* "yep, it is. What's going on, did I really wet my pants recently?! I can't remember...My pants are dry now though."

Ilia did her best to ignore the smell of what was apparently several day's worth of wetting her pants, but her face would turn beet red with embarrassment every time she caught another wiff of herself. Finally though, it looked as if her embarrassment could come to an end! As the red rock embankments sloped downward, they gave way to a grassy open field with a crystal blue river running through it. Ilia was overjoyed at the thought of cleaning herself and drinking fresh water.

Excitedly, Ilia made her way over to the river, got down on her knees, cupped her hands and began to scoop water up to her lips. The cool water felt good against Ilia's dry throat, the march here had been long, hot and dusty. After drinking the clean water for several minutes, she felt refreshed, and turned her attention from her quenched thirst, to her outer body. Ilia observed her surroundings, the road was deserted, with no travelers visible from either direction, much farther ahead, she could make out the shape of a mighty castle, surrounded by a small city. 

Deciding that she was alone, she stripped her clothes, so that she could go for a dip in the water. once her brown capri pants were off, she looked down at her panties, there was no mistaking it, the urine she had smelled on her pants had definitely come from her own accident. Her white panties were adorned with a large yellow stain in the crotch. She bathed herself for awhile, enjoying the cool water. Once she was finished bathing, Ilia grabbed her pee stained pantsand and underwear, scrubbed them in the river, wrung them out, and set them in the sun to dry. Ilia replaced her breast wrap and chemise and sat down to rest in the grass while her no longer soiled clothing dried. &&

(Artist: unknown.)

Once her clothing was dry enough, Ilia continued her journey, she didn't know where else to go, so she headed towards the distant castle. A couple hours later, and she was nearing her destination. Seeing a fork in the road, she peered ahead to ensure she chose the path that lead to the castle, and that's when she saw it, the form of a body, collapsed on the road. Ilia quickly ran over to investigate, and saw that it was a young Zora boy, he was unconscious.

"Hello? Is anybody there?! We need some help here!" Ilia called out, as she attempted to lift the boy. Her calls were met with silence upon the empty road. With no help nearby, she had no choice but to move the boy herself. She was a young girl of only sixteen, but she had a fierce mother's spirit in her, and simply could not leave the poor child behind to succumb to his injuries.

Though she had grown up in a ranching and farming village, Ilia's father had always been protective of his little girl, and never really subjected her to much if the manual labor. As such, she did not have the brawn needed to lift the boy in her arms, so she pulled his arms over her back, and held on to them as if she were giving him a piggy back ride. Even with the boy's feet dragging in the dirt, Ilia was still struggling to keep him up on her back as she trudged along. With each heavy step she took, she noticed a slight pressure building up in her lower abdomen.

Back at the river, Ilia had drank a copious amount of water, and it was quickly catching up to her. Despite the growing pain in her bladder, she ignored it and pushed on, knowing that she could still easily wait awhile before relieving herself, she did not want to stop and then have to pick up the boys again. However, it wasn't long until the weight of the Zora child also caught up to her, and she finally had to stop for a rest.

"Hmm, maybe I should go ahead and pee while I am taking a break, so that I don't have to take a break again later." Ilia thought to herself. "Hmm, but there is nowhere to hide, no trees or bushes...it seems weird to do it in front of the boy. What if he wakes up?! That would be awfully embarrassing! Nah, if he was going to wake up, he probably would have already. But what about other travelers, I'm so close to the city now, there are bound to be other people now..."

As if on que, Ilia's thoughts were interrupted by the unmistakable sound of a horse and carriage rolling along the path. The sound was coming from the direction which she had come. Ilia looked behind her and saw the wagon approach from over a small hilltop. "I guess I will have to wait after all. It's really not that bad anyway." She thought.

Driving the cart was a brawny woman who's prominent features were a pair of enormous, partially exposed breasts. The woman waved at Ilia as she was approaching.

"Hello there!" The woman called out as she brought the cart to a halt next to Ilia and the boy. "Are you alright there, Sweetheart?"

"I'm alright, but I don't think he is." Ilia replied.

"That poor child looks green around the gills, what happened to him?"

"I don't really know. I was just traveling along the road, and found him collapsed here. I think maybe he was attacked by monsters."

"Hmmm, sounds 'bout right. There's been lots of monsters and other such vile things wandering about lately. You two shouldn't be wandering around by yourselves, let me give you a ride to castle town, we can call for the local physician there."

Ilia was feeling wary, as this woman was a stranger, but then she realized that she had no memories, everyone was going to be a stranger. The woman sounded genuine in her desire to help anyway. Plus, Ilia wasn't interested in dragging the child any further.

"Okay, that's very nice of you. Can you help me get him into the back of your wagon?"

"Sure thing, Sweetiepie!" The lady responded with blunt enthusiasm.

Once they were loaded into the cart, and were traveling again, the woman struck up a conversation by introducing herself as Telma. "And what about you, Darling? What's your name?"

"My name's... uh" Ilia stumbled with her words. "Uh, well...I don't actually know..."

"Don't know your own name?! Didn't your momma ever give you one?" Telma asked.

"Well, I'm sure she did, I'm sure that I have a name. I just... don't remember. I can't seem to remember anything right now. I recall traveling here from some dusty area with red rocks everywhere...and then I found this boy..." Ilia blushed as she said this, she didn't know why, but it felt embarrassing to admit that she was so clueless, even though it clearly wasn't her fault.

"That's awful, I'm sorry to hear that, Hun. So, red rocks you say? Sounds like you might have been traveling from the Eldin region, you think?"

"I guess.." Ilia replied sheepishly, really having no idea. Just then the wagon went over a bump in the road, causing her body to jolt, and her need to pee to intensify. She let out a small squeal and put her hands between her legs. She hadn't expected it, but the jolt forced a tiny dribble of urine into her panties. This surprised her, because she didn't feel desperate enough to be on the brink of an accident or anything.

"You alright back there, Sweetie? Didn't mean to give you a fright!" Telma called back over her shoulder.

"Y-yeah, I'm fine!" She responded. "Just..... well, will we be able to find a toilet soon?" Ilia blushed as she said this.

"Don't worry one bit! We're only about five minutes ride from the town gates, and it won't be far from there to my place."

Comforted by this, Ilia put on a brave face and waited. She could do this, it wasn't that far, and the pressure wasn't all that bad. A few minutes later, they reached the gates of Castle Town. She was relieved, knowing that the boy would soon be cared for, and that she would soon be able to take care of her business. Suddenly, she felt a sharp pain in her bladder, and the sensation of the pressure dramatically increasing. 

She yelped again, and then realized that the pressure was abating very quickly. That's when she felt the warmth spread through her panties. Looking down, Ilia could see that she was wetting herself, it had started so abruptly that she had hardly even realized it was happening. She cried out more loudly than she meant to, and quickly put her hands between her legs again, cupping them over her crotch. It was no use though, her muscles felt weak down there, she couldn't stop the flow. Hot pee was now streaming straight through her panties, through her pants and onto the floor boards of the wagon.

"You sure you're alright back there, Honey? I ca-" Telma didn't finish her sentence as she turned back to look at Ilia. The poor girl was a sight, her face was flushed, her eyes were clamped shut, with tears running down her cheeks, and a large pool of urine forming on the floor where she was sitting. After a painfully long moment of silence, Ilia opened her eyes and looked down. Her face instantly turned even redder, and she put her hands to her mouth to muffle the sob that was building in her throat as she saw the puddle she had made.

&&

(Artist: unknown.)

"Oh-oh no, Telma, I-I'm so sorry, I..." Ilia stammered as she choked back on her words and began to tear up again.

"Oh no, no, don't worry about that, Honey, it was just an accident! No need to fuss. I won't tell anyone what happened. Just sit tight, we're almost there, and then I will help you get cleaned up, alright?"

Ilia just sat there quietly and nodded her head. Once the covered wagon finally arrived at Telma's bar, she climbed into the back to assist Ilia. Telma found a spare horse blanket among the wagon supplies, and wrapped it around the poor girl's waist to cover up her accident. Some of Telma's patrons came and helped carry the Zora boy inside, while Telma hurried Ilia past the other guests in an attempt to not be noticed. With her face burning red, Ilia just kept her eyes on the floor as they did so, until she was safely in the back room. All the while, she was thinking to herself, "I can't believe I did that. I had an accident right in front of Telma, and in her wagon too! How could this have happened?! I wasn't that desperate yet. It just....happened...

Ilia was still unable to remember her time in captivity with the Bulblins at the hidden village. But if she could recall, she would have remembered being tied to a pole with no bathroom breaks. She would remember desperately trying to hold her bladder, sometimes for 1-2 days straight. Holding it till she felt excruciating pain in her lower abdomen before wetting all over herself. She had no memory of it, but our poor damsel had caused slight damage to her bladder while she was a prisoner. As she will soon come to realize, her bladder control has been significantly weakened....

Written by:

High Meme-Overlord

*001*2020-10-19 03:04

The Legend of Zelda: TP

Ilia's Incontinence Pt. 3

Ilia had already spent a full day surviving off of the hospitalities of Telma and her tavern. Now she was waiting on the doctor whom Telma had called, since both Ilia and the small Zora boy were injured and or had health issues. Doctor Borville was a shriveled old man with spectacles nearly as big as his face. Ilia decided that there was something about his demeanor that she did not like, his language and mannerisms suggested that he didn't truly care about his patients, rather just cared about getting paid. He had bade her to wait in the back room of the tavern while he tended to the Zora boy out in the main hall. She had already been waiting for nearly an hour, and was quickly feeling the need to go to the washroom. 

Remembering her accident in the back of Telma's wagon, she decided not to have a repeat of the situation, as the shame was still so fresh, despite Telma insisting that the accident was alright, and nothing to worry about. So, she poked her head out from behind the curtain that was serving as the door to the back room, and observed the surroundings. The tavern had a few patrons dotted here and there, and in the near corner stood Telma and Doctor Borville, bending over to examine the prostrate Zora boy. She didn't want to draw attention to herself and her need to urinate, so she quietly began to walk across the room. The stone tile floor felt cool under her bare feet, all of her senses were alert, as she neared Telma and the doctor. As if on que, the crusty old man spun around to face Ilia's direction and shouted,

"Girl! What are you doing? I told you to wait in the back until I can examine your injuries! It's not safe for you to wander about until I have determined that you are healthy!"

"But, I-"

"No buts, don't be selfish, this boy needs my help more than you do at this exact moment. You can wait your turn!"

The grouchy old man then placed his hands on the sides of Ilia's shoulders, turned her around, and ushered her back towards the room in the rear of the building. She had been too embarrassed to say what she actually needed in front of all those people in the tavern, so she silently slunk back to the room. After her accident in the wagon, she had since figured out that her bladder control was very weak, and some desperation could quickly turn into an accident without much warning. At this point, she was already very worried that she may have another wetting incident if she wasn't able to go soon. She sat down on the bench, hugged her knees to her chest and began weighing her options.

&&

After another ten or fifteen minutes, she realized that there was no way she could make it to the end of the doctor's examination, let alone last until he started, she was still waiting for him to finish with the young Zora. Ilia determined that she had to find somewhere to relieve herself. She stood up from the bench, and poked her head out from behind the curtain again, there were even more patrons in the tavern this time, and the doctor was sure to ask her more humiliating questions if she tried to go out there again. 

She lost her confidence, and backed away from the curtain, suddenly, the knowledge that she couldn't leave the room made her desperation worse, as the pressure continued to build in her abdomen. Involuntarily, her legs buckled slightly as a tiny spurt of urine escaped into her panties. Ilia's face turned bright red as she realized what had just happened. Knowing how weak her bladder was, she knew that she wouldn't be able to stop it if she leaked again. Frantically, she looked around the room, and finally spied large jug in the corner. With her hands between her legs, the desperate girl waddled over to the jug, squatted down and inspected it.

It appeared to already have liquid inside of it. "I can't believe I'm about to do this to some of Telma's things!" she thought to herself. Fumbling with the cork, she could feel herself starting to dribble into her underwear. Finally, she managed to get the cork out, instantly, she was hit with the strong smell of ale, but she didn't care, she could feel the pee coming out of her body. With lightening speed, she pulled down her pants, and yanked her panties away from her crotch as she squatted over the jug all in one motion. 

The pee had already just begun escaping into her panties, and dribbled onto the floor as she moved herself over the jug, she was already fully releasing at this point. Exhaling in relief, Ilia ignored her surroundings for a moment as she experienced the bliss of the pressure leaving her body. After the initial burst of pee subsided, and she had settled into a steady stream, she began to assess the damage of her situation. There was a very small puddle on the floor near the jug from where she had started peeing before reaching the opening of the container. Her panties had a wet spot in them and were moist to the touch, but miraculously, nothing was visible on her pants, the crotch of her dark brown pants was only just ever so slightly damp, but that was all.

"Alright, I think that's all I can do for the poor boy for now. Where'd that girl get off to? I'd best see to her now as well."

Ilia felt her blood run cold as she heard Doctor Borville's voice. He was coming her way, and she was still peeing into the jug. Thinking fast, she tightened her muscles with all of her strength and closed off the last little bit of her urine inside her urethra. The burn made her wince, but there was no time to tend to her pain, quickly she stood up from the jug and pulled up her garments, she winced again as she felt the wet panties against her flesh. Now she could hear the old doctor's footsteps right outside the curtains, moving with adrenal speed, she placed the cork back into the top of the jug, pushed it into the corner, and swept her tiny pee puddle into the cracks of the floor with her bare foot. She shuddered at the feeling of dipping her toes into her own pee, but desperate times called for desperate measures. Just in time, she spun around red-faced to face the doctor. He sniffed the air with his enormous, wrinkled nose,

"It smells bloody peculiar in here..."

"O-oh, does it?" she said, her blood freezing in her veins again.

"Sure does. This Old Doc knows his smells!"

*Ilia merely blushed hard, fearing she had been found out.*

"Smells like someone spilled some ammonia in here. These common folk live so unsafely. Come, Girl, let's examine you out there."

Ilia was immensely relieved that the old coot had not figured out her little secret, but she was also a little worried that the, "medical professional" who was tending to her couldn't even distinguish the scent of human urine. But she decided not to pursue the topic any further. Today had been a close call, she had come very very close to having a full accident again, she was going to have to be more careful from now on....

Written by:

High Meme-Overlord

