Tales from OmoOrg Academy

Author: Mariomo

*000*2021-07-08 02:18

The Tales from OmoOrg Academy series will be a series of short stories following the lives and omo encounters of many different female students across the campus of a place nicknamed the "OmoOrg Academy", This is my first time doing something like this, so criticism is welcome!

I Became a Slave to my Highschool Sweetheart!

Chapter 1

Her black shoes quickly clicked against the floor as she rushed to the bathroom. Due to an unfortunate set of circumstances, she hadn’t gone since before dinner last night, and she was unfortunate enough to be forced to hold the quickly growing ache in her lower abdomen all day. It seemed like lady luck finally glanced in her direction when the teacher had let her out of class. Another minute, and disaster would’ve surely struck. Her whole body shook violently as she pressed her hands as hard as her arms would allow it into her uniform's skirt, expecting some sense of security for doing so. However, her attempts to help herself, or any sense of security she wanted would have to be put on hold, as the man she admired most in the school, had just rounded the corner.

You see, Shuuko Yamase was one of the most popular girls in the school, and there was no questioning why. Her thick, orange ankle length hair, curvy gymnast’s body, and an enjoyable personality brought all sorts of people to her, and quite the same could be said about the man across the hall, Tani Kukuru. Shuuko had always had her eye on Tani since they had first met many years back, she kind of hovered around him whenever they were around each other, but this time she had to keep her distance. If she didn’t make it to the toilet right now, an accident would be inevitable. However, one thing that nobody knew about Tani, was that secretly, he really had a thing for girls desperate for the bathroom! He had just caught a glimpse of a girl, no, Shuuko Yamase!... acting desperately for the bathroom. Knowing their history, Shuuko would see his following move as just some of his own brand of flirting.

Tani made an intimidating beeline across the hall right for Shuuko, and slammed both of his hands against the wall behind her, forcing her to face him. Upon their eyes meeting, her lips quivered, and her eyes trembled. She let out a soft whimper. “K-Kukuru-kun…” she started, hoping for mercy.

“Yama-chan~..” he beckoned in a flirtatious manner. “What brings you out here where I may be waiting to meet you?”

“Kukuru-kun… please…” she paused for a second, tensing up her muscles and whimpering audibly. “Let me leave… please…?”

“Why? I’m just showing a little affection, is there somewhere you need to be?” Tani interrogated, he drove his hands closer to her , and closed the space between her.

Shuuko sputtered and stumbled on her words, before moving her hands back into her skirt. Her face turned red, and her eyes began to well up with tears. Her legs began to tremble as she lost all of her strength.

“Is there something important, Yama-chan?” he asked, as she slid down the wall and onto the floor.

The hallway was blessed with a moment of silence before the squeak of Tani’s sneakers backing away from Shuuko echoed through the corridor. Tani looked down to see a large dark patch growing on Shuuko’s skirt. Shuuko quickly got up, looking like she was trying not to cry. She had just wet herself in front of her crush, a loudmouth with a huge friend circle. If anyone heard about this, her life would be ruined.

Tani was fully enjoying the scene unfolding in front of him, but he had to make it seem otherwise. He cupped his hands around his face. “Oh my god. Oooh my god.” He feigned a panicked voice.

Shuuko promptly got up, and snatched Tani by the collar of his shirt, she pulled him down a branching hallway, and into a maintenance closet. She gently closed the door. It made no noise. There was a dim light in the form of a dying lightbulb hanging haphazardly from the ceiling. From what Tani could make out, Shuuko, who already looked adorable enough to cuddle, looked much cuter with a large dark spot down the front of her skirt. Her sheer black tights now had a sort of shine to them, and her cute black shoes now squelched when she took a step, she had only wet seconds ago, so some pee was still dripping from her skirt, and running down her legs, making a small puddle where she stood. She remained silent for a second, her head faced down in shame, before looking up at Tani once again, tears rolling off her cheeks, and a red tint across her face. “Ku..kuru... kun…” she sniffled. “Please don't tell anybody! I’ll do anything!” she pleaded.

Tani was taken aback, she probably didn't mean anything, did she? “Anything?” he confusedly asked.

Shuuko meant it. She fell forwards onto his chest, not breaking eye contact, and held onto his shoulders. “Anything you want! Anything at all!” she begged.

“I… lets just… hold on..” Tani mumbled.

Shuko had known, and seriously crushed on Tani for for almost 10 years. She knew him as a reasonable and generous person. Any time someone was in a situation, he would defend their honor no matter how little he knew about them. She felt some ease inside, thinking Tani would let her off the hook, and perhaps help her out. Tani was already weighing his options. Oh, the things he could make her do! “I’ll.. keep that in mind, Yamase-san.” he said.

Shuuko felt some sense of relief in the confused way he said it. From how she heard it, it sounded like more of a “this is too weird, I’m gonna repress this, Yamase-san.” She got off of his chest, and promptly slid her hands under her uniform's skirt, and into her crotch. She began to press her knees together, and stopping over and over again, occasionally lifting her leg and putting it back down. Tani sat on a damaged chair with no back. “Do you still have to pee?” He asked.

“I managed to stop myself- ggh... pretty early…”

“That doesn't answer my question.”

Shuuko suddenly squatted, and quickly got back up again. “Nngh-! Y-yes, and still very badly…”

Change of plans. The bunny suit would have to be put on hold. Tani leaned in, and got up. “Good, don’t use the bathroom yet, we will meet after school and I expect you to have not used it yet.”

Shuuko’s face turned a bright red. “W-wh-what?! There’s- ngh!- still an hour and a half left of school!”

“You said you’ll do anything I want.” He started, leaning in very close to her face. “I will make you do... everything. I. want.”

Shuukos face turned an even brighter red! Who is this person? Is this the man she had been crushing on since elementary school? Did she really just give herself away to him? Is he serious? Tani leaned in, and gave her a slow kiss on the lips. And she instantly felt a tiny bit better. Yes, perhaps she was going to become a slave to Tani, but maybe it would be somewhat… maybe a little worth it, if those were the kind of kisses that he gave. “See me in the parking lot after school. No excuses. And you better be at least as desperate to pee as you are now.”

“Y-Yes Tani-Kun…” She mumbled, nodding slightly.

Even so… Only Tani knew just how hard life would become for Shuuko. And that made her feel terrified to the bone. Tani got up, and opened the door to leave. “And Shuuko.” he said, turning around to face her. “You will do what I say. Saving yourself from utter embarrassment relies on it.”

Shuuko blushed, and nodded nervously. Still doing her little pee dance, which was the last thing Tani saw as he shut the door.

*004*2021-08-04 23:12

To Torture A Teacher

Chapter 2

Ten minutes ‘till lunch. Ten minutes. Ten minutes. 11:00 AM. Ten minutes. 11:01 AM. Nine minutes until lunch. Would she make it? She was sitting quietly at her desk facing the whole class. One hand was signing some dumb papers, the other was pressing her pencil skirt as far as the stiff, tight, strong fabric would allow. Her tight black vest and white buttoned up shirt pressed uncomfortably into her bladder when she sat. Her eyes were tearing up dreadfully, agony pulsed through her body. Nine minutes, and she could get a generous thirty minutes to shuffle to the toilet and relieve herself.

Her legs in transparent black tights were pressed so firmly together it hurt, the toes of her high heels overlapped each other, and her one free gloved hand could not keep a proper grip on the pen she was holding from how much it was shaking. She slid another paper off the pile. And lifted her right hand off her skirt very slowly so she could check her watch. 11:01 AM. time just would not pass. More tears pooled up in her eyes, but they would not roll down her cheek. She clenched her teeth together, and signed another paper. Slowly slid it aside. Oh my god. It hurt so damn much.

“Kozonuri!” Shouted a neighboring teacher from the break room door. Hanging out the door sill by one arm was a tall, skinny-ish goth girl who looked a tad too youthful to be a teacher. Yep, it was Amanda. Amanda was the American teacher they transferred in to teach the school’s shop class. Though she mostly just serves as perverted eye candy to all of her students. She always wore a black lacy corset, leather butt high high heel boots, a torn up red plaid skirt, shoulder length leather gloves, and a full body fishnet and denier suit underneath it, finished off with a garter harness that looked too suspiciously tight to not be something off of some bondage gear. Surprisingly, the school had never done anything about it because idk fictional omo fetish school who cares whats the point

“Could you watch my class for a few minutes? I need to grab some materials from the closet.” She asked, swinging haphazardly from the door sill like a kid hopped up on caffeine.

Why? Why now? Of all times, it just had to be now. Now she had to stand up in front of the much larger classroom full of many more students for god knows how long. Yet, she nonchalantly wiped her tears from her eyes, and adjusted her square frame glasses, “S-sure. Be very quick please, I need to escort m-my students to the lunch room very soon.”

A perfect excuse! She slowly rose from her desk and held a clipboard in front of her skirt with one hand, she checked the time with her other. 11:04 AM. Christ. She slowly walked to the neighboring class through the breakroom, trying her best to look like she wasn't on the very verge of wetting herself. In that time, she glanced to her left, and felt a huge wave upon sight of the holy grail, the door to the break room toilet! Her legs slammed together, and her jaw clenched tightly, but she had already walked to where she needed to be. Amanda looked back at Kozonuri, and smiled. “I’ll only be a minute!” she said, before breaking into a full primal sprint out of the door to her classroom.

Her loud high heel tapping gradually got quieter before the door fully closed and silenced it altogether. Immediately, the previously somewhat loud workshop class erupted into social anarchy. Students wandered freely and played on their phones, a perfect opportunity to escape! Besides, Amanda would clearly take more than a minute. Kozonuri checked her watch. 11:07 AM. This was torture. She slowly turned around and shuffled into the break room, her clipboard still hiding the front of her skirt. Eventually, Kozonuri stood in front of the door to the restroom. Finally. She slowly raised her hand off of her skirt, careful not to make any sudden movements. As moving too fast would mean a very embarrassing ending to her outfit…

A hand dropped onto her shoulder. “Kozonuri. I asked you to watch the classroom.”

“H-how are you back already?!”

“I ran. How else? Whatever. I asked you the classroom, and I come back to see everyone roaming freely.”

“P-please… i just needed to-”

“Kozonuri, it was only a few minutes. I don’t care what you want or need to do. It was, three minutes.”

Kozonuri couldn’t even pay attention to what was being said to her. The pain of her stretching, overly strained bladder pulsed through her body. It throbbed at the slightest movements, and she couldn't speak, as she would choke up if she tried to get more than a few words out. And then, the lunch bell rang. Amanda smiled, and stretched, before walking nonchalantly into the restroom, Locking the door behind her. “I could go for a toilet break.” she mentioned as the door shut. Kozonuri’s mouth hung open. Tears began to well up in her eyes again. A large thermos of coffee was pushing her beyond her physical, and mental limits.

And now here she was, not able to go into the only bathroom nearby. Thank goodness nobody was watching her now. She dropped the clipboard she was holding, and immediately tried to dig her hands into the stiff fabric of her skirt. She swung her hips violently to either side, and repeatedly crouched, then jumped back up. Her teeth were visibly clenching, and her breathing became audible, heavy, and clearly disoriented. Her bladder was the only thing her mind could think about. Her mind was no longer capable of formulating words. The only thing that mattered was her bladder.

On the other side of the door, Amanda had long finished her toilet break, and was fixing up her eyelashes and eyeliner. She had to look presentable! In her own, unique way.

To put it simply, kozonuri was suffering, she was sobbing profusely, and squirming and dancing like she had to hold it for her dear life. She had somehow managed to defy her skirt’s stiff nature to cross her legs, no, double cross them. She was balancing to stay stood, and her bladder itself was starting to feel it’s grip slipping. This was it. This was the end. A Friday before a three day weekend, and she has to leave work in a drenched outfit. This was it…

The bathroom door opened. And the shadow of Amanda cast from the brightly lit doorway to the dark break room. Kozonuri’s head shot up from the ground and locked eyes with Amanda. Kozonuri’s face had some indescribable look to it. But it looked like a mix of 500% desire, fear, and pouting all mixed in a pot of boiling water. Whatever contortion her face was making, was a look of pure desperation. Amanda looked down at the hunched over, normally emotionless teacher. That is not the face Amanda knew. The pathetic look on her face was accompanied by high pitched whimpers, not normally associated with her sharp, catty voice.her glasses were crooked, tears pooling up in her eyes, obscuring her vision like wobbly cataracts.

Her perfect, white teeth were clenched like she was trying to bite the air. And her neat, straight, flat cut shoulder length hair and bangs looked… a tad messy from her stance. Kozonuri immediately stumbled frantically into the bathroom, not caring if Amanda was watching in the doorway. Her bladder burst as she turned around, leaving a noticeable dark spot on the front of her dark gray skirt. Her panties and tights saw worse, though, as the tights became soaked, and her panties drenched from her pulling them down, she slammed her butt on the toilet, her toned, curved thighs lost their perfect shape and melted onto the toilet seat. As did she. Sweet release.

Throughout all of this, Amanda slammed the heavy iron door shut, and stood with her back against it, red-faced. Her lips pursed and wobbling, Her eyes wide open her leather-gloved hands feeling and running gently around the bottom of her unnecessarily worn-too-high-above-her-waist skirt.

That… that was a terribly arousing moment!

Amanda waited another five minutes standing awkwardly in the corner of the break room trying to distract her from this swirl of emotions with a turkey sandwich and a protein shake, before Kozonuri emerged from the restroom, and dashed to her room to retrieve her briefcase. The sound of the metal door authoritatively slamming shut could be heard. And then, nothing. Amanda slid down the wall, blankly staring at the fluorescent lights at the ceiling. She shakily brought the sandwich to her mouth to take another bite. What was that? And why did her raw, uncomposed, unhidden desperation look so… cute? Amanda let go of her skirt, and it slid down her folded up legs, exposing her floral lace black panties to the world, she didn't notice, or care. In fact, she took her free leather gloved hand and slowly reached for them. She didn’t even know she was doing it.

Kozonuri’s classroom door opened and shut again, prompting Amanda to shoot up and scramble to get in a seat at the break room table, as if she was not seconds away from doing what we all knew she would do. Kozonuri shyly walked in, one hand holding a tray of food, the other holding her briefcase in front of her skirt. She set down the tray, and looked aside, a bit red in the cheeks. She used her hand with the non-drenched glove to shovel hot brown and cold green into her mouth with the plastic spoon that came with her meal. Amanda nervously twiddled her fingers while sat in the seat across from Kozonuri. “L-look…” Kozonuri nervously began, “I didn’t mean to leave the kids behind for long, I.. just.. Y-y'know…”

Kozonuri fell silent for a second, making sure her briefcase still hid the large dark spot on her oppressive, socially sterile pencil skirt. She clears her throat, also realizing she needed to stop using so much slang, as it may loosen her uptight outward appearance. “I apologise for leaving the students unattended… but, I-...” She didn't know how to explain the situation in a way that would make her seem selfish. “I had not used the bathroom since last night, and m-my bladder was exceedingly full… I-I was going to have an accident had I not used it very soon…” She went quiet, but soon mumbled out an almost inaudible “It was an emergency.”

Amanda could feel Kozonuri struggling to put the pieces of her shattered ego back together, and, while it was certainly an enjoyable experience, Amanda knew Kozonuri wouldn't let this leave her head anytime soon. “Hey, don’t worry, it happens to all of us. And, I’m sorry I didn't let you go first, you didn't look like you had to pee.”

“I couldn’t lose my composure…” Kozonuri explained

“I understand, and situations like that can happen… pretty often. Heh, Hell, turns out that I had an undiagnosed incontinence problem all up until sophomore year, I was kind of the ‘kid who wet herself’ every year up until I moved to a different part of the country. Thats when we hit up a doctor, and got the news broken to us, I've been wearing a urethral plug since..”

Amanda sat for a second, and quickly looked away, her face red. ‘Too much information!’ she screamed internally.

Kozonuri nodded. “I-I’m sorry to hear that that had to happen…”

“N-No no no! It’s fine! It works perfectly, and I haven't had a problem since! I was just saying, we’ve all had an embarrassing bathroom moment in our lives!”

“I guess… I- ehrm… I didn’t- I- uhm…” Kozonuri cleared her throat. “I didn’t get away from that incident completely without consequences.”

Amanda perked up, she wasn't paying attention as much when Kozonuri sat down or walked back in, but it had to have been a close call! “How so?” She asked.

Crap! Kozonuri had backed herself into a corner… It would be very rude not to answer… “W-well.. I may have wet myself a little when I was running in..”

“I can’t relate, but, sounds like it sucks.”

“It was quite embarrassing… I felt like I had lost my composure shoving past you like that.”

“It did feel a bit weird, you didn’t seem like yourself.”

“Mmh… I guess I should've waited, sorry.”

The room fell silent for a while, before Amanda stood up from the table, and took all of her empty food containers with her. “The students will be back in a second, see ya monday! Unless- wait, yeah. Do you wanna do something sometime?”

Amanda opens up her phone, and tries multiple times to open up the contact app, her phone not recognizing her leather-gloved hands, before finally succeeding. She handed the phone to Kozonuri, who also tried for some time to get her Full name, number, and email in, her satin-gloved hands were no different. She handed the phone back to Amanda, who held it up, and snapped a picture of an embarrassed Kozonuri’s face, and promptly sprinted out of the break room, and out her front door to the lunch room.

Kozonuri sighed, and got up, not carrying her briefcase in front of her skirt, no need to hide the wet spot from nobody. As soon as she got up, her bladder decided that she had, in fact, not completely relieved herself on the toilet, and let out some more. The wet spot on the front of her skirt grew significantly, and a very visible stream of shininess ran down the denier 40s she was wearing. Most of it pooling up in her shoes. The life faded from her eyes, and she dropped her briefcase. ‘Kill me now.’ She thought.

*005*2021-09-22 02:13

“Oops! I’m sorry, young lady!” Apologized Kozonuri, who had just grazed Shuuko Yamase’s shoulder.

Kozonuri turned to shuuko and bowed, still holding her briefcase in front of the large wet spot from earlier that day. Her tights still shiny from the pee that had run down them. Hopefully nobody had noticed. Upon getting up, Kozonuri became well aware of Shuuko's state. She was shaking a lot, and holding her skirt down with so much force, it looked like she was trying to prevent it from being flipped up by a tornado. Kozonuri had her experience when it came to bathroom emergencies, and could easily tell that Shuuko was trying to stop herself from wetting her skirt as hard as she possibly could. “If… If it’s cold outside, the school should be open another 15 minutes.” She mentioned, pretending the shaking was innocent cold shivering, and not a byproduct of Shuuko directing all of her energy straight into her bladder.

“Ummh.. Th-thanks… Miss, but I am waiting for someone here. They should be here soon.” Kozonuri was still concerned, but could tell that perhaps, Shuuko’s state of bladder was not one that Shuuko could simply relieve herself of.

“Very well, enjoy your afternoon, goodbye.” Finished Kozonuri, before walking away towards her car.

Shuuko shakily watched as Kozonuri’s dark blue SUV, the final car in the parking lot, slowly hummed away from the school. Shuuko stepped back into an overhang of the building, and immediately folded in half. She mashed both her hands in her skirt, squatted fully, and hunched over so hard, her face was millimeters from her knees, which themselves were glued together and rubbing like she was trying to start a fire. She overlapped her shoes, and squeaked, whimpered, and moaned between each stressed breath. She was like this for what felt like eons, before a certain Tani Kukuru lifted her chin up with two fingers, “Yama-cha~a~aaan!~ You really did hold it for me!” He smiled a sinister smile. “I thought you wouldn’t make it a single period… I have to admit, I am impressed. Though, I think we would have more fun if we brought that full bladder of yours to my home!”

“P-please…” Was all Shuuko could heave out between forced, squeaky, belabored breaths.

“No. Let’s go home. Get up.” Tani demanded, to which Shuuko shook her head, and whimpered out a measly “I-I can’t…”

Tani reaches down, and grabs a handful of her hair closer to her head, slowly getting up, indicating to Shuuko that he had no patience. Shuuko slowly got up with him, tears rolling down her shaky cheek as she tried her best not to cry. Tani felt somewhat anxious knowing what may happen out here in the public. Every step she took felt like she was about to pop. She slowed down more and more each step out of the parking lot. Tani, while already feeling some slight regret for his decision, looked Shouko in the eyes, and lightly tugged her hair, causing her to stumble forward. In keeping her balance, she had lost control of her bladder. The sound of liquid hitting the ground was all that could be heard. She fell to her knees, and put both hands over her eyes.

Tani looked down at her. His regret beginning to make itself apparent. He kneeled down to her level, and put his hand on her back. Shuuko was sobbing. And really beginning to regret her choice of words earlier. If she really had to do anything, she would be put through hell. “Shuuko…” Tani started. “Look, I… I’ve done something really dumb.”

Shuuko doesn’t stop crying, or respond, but she moves her fingers aside from her eyes. “I have been horrible to you today, and it’s because I was horny, and stupid when you said something that was clearly meant to be rhetorical back there.” He sat down a little bit away from the fresh puddle Shuuko was sitting in. ”I really don’t think I should be doing what I want to do purely because you had a bad encounter with me once.”

Shuuko still doesn’t say anything, but Tani takes his uniform jacket off, and hands it to Shuuko. “Put this around your skirt, I’ll explain more about this when we get home.”

Shuuko slowly wrapped the jacket around her skirt, and got up. The walk home would be tenser than steel. Especially with total regret hanging over both of them.

