Ms. Tinklebottoms Academy of Capable Girls (Chpt 5)

Author: Mr. Omo

*000*2019-07-29 10:21

When we left off, the professional looking Ms. Tinklebottom was on the verge of pissing herself, desperation and embarrassment plastered on her face. Her hands were crammed between her double crossed legs, and her teeth clenched as she arched her back in her chair, feeling a trickle of pee wanting to escape her grasp.

Before she could speak, she saw an empty coffee cup shown to her on a silver platter, presented to her by none other than her trusty female butler, Wettingsworth. Long, flat lavender hair tied in the back and covering one of her grey colored eyes, a buttoned up shirt under a vest, and well tailored/pressed pants.

“Would you like to relive yourself in this, madam?” She asked, doing a crossed legs potty dance, bouncing slightly with a rather calm, stoic face on.

Tinklebottom looked to her, unable to remove her hands from her crotch, and cleared her throat, going back to a semi-serious look on her face. “N-No thank you, W-Wettings, I-I am fine” she says while trembling slightly in her seat.

Wettingsworth nods, placing the coffee mug on the table and putting the platter over her crotch, continuing her potty dance quite faster, still looking calm and collective as before.

‘C-Come now! You’re a Tinklebottom!’ She thought ‘We’ve been known to hold it for days on end! You were chosen by Mother to train these girls to hold it for the 8 hours flat! Thats the only way they can focus solely on studying! Thats the entire reason of this Academy!’

She looks to the Calendar on her wall, seeing its Sunday. Monday is when the girls actually attend classes and do their work. She had to make sure at least 80% of the girls can hold it the entire day, thus her Academy qualifies for Finals, Senior Year crawling up on them slowly. They practiced holding it everytime a test rolled around, but this time was different.

The Tinklebottoms have always seen going to the bathroom as distraction from knowledge and education, thus making an Academy dedicated to holding it. She saw the X’s on the calendar, 7 spaces left until Finals, and knew her and her girls could handle this.

She then looked to the side, seeing Wettingsworth bending over slightly, nervousness hidden under the calm, collective face she had on as her legs trembled. Tinklebottom sighed slightly, speaking up to her.

“M-Maybe I shouldn’t have had Staff f-follow the “N-No toilets” rule, hmm? I-I shouldn’t m-make you suffer like these girls...a-and me.”

Wettingsworth looked up to her, still shaking slightly, and shook her head.

“N-No, its fine mam, I-I wanted to do this with you. I-Ive been around since we were young, a-and I know how you were quite the easy wetter. I-I dont want your image to be t-tainted, mam, s-so I sha’ll stay by your side and s-suffer alongside you.” replied Wettingsworth.

Tinklebottom smiled, closing her eyes and remembering a time back in the days of their youth as she brought up the past.

Some many years ago

A toddler Tinklebottom was crying her eyes out, rubbing them as a puddle grew under her new sundress. It was in the family playground on their slide, and no one was around with her, but she continued to sob and soil herself loudly. As she sniffled, taking deep breaths, she saw a toddler Wettingsworth walking up to her, holding something behind her back.

Tinklebottom didnt know why she was there just yet, her being a new butler just recently, and she felt a little scared. She scooted over a little, until Wettingsworth held out a new sundress and a fresh pair of undies in her hands, presenting them to Tinklebottom.

She gasped, pleasantly surprised to say the least at this kind gesture, but then quite confused, seeing Wettingsworth look like she was focusing hard, shutting her eyes tightly. Toddler Tinklebottom then saw a dark stain spread through her crotch, going down her leg as she stared back at Tinklebottom. She then gave a gentle smile “Now your not alone, mam”

Tinklebottom was on the verge of crying again, this time nor from wetting herself, but from the new friend she gained that day. She gave her a big hug, Wettingsworth slowly returning it as they both began to giggled, learning something from this shared experience. They had one another to lean on.

Back to the Present

Tinklebottom looked to Wettingsworth once more, seeing not just a butler given to her at youth, but a friend that cares for her deeply, and her the same. She smiled, though looking like shes struggling to keep her legs still, and cleared her throat.

“Wettingsworth...No, Avery. Th-Thank you for doing this with me, my friend”

Wettingsworth was visibly shocked, Tinklebottom never calling her by first name in forever. She was, however, quite happy with this, smiling at her.

“Th-thank you...Claire” They both giggled, before clenching their crotches harder, their bladders feeling as if pins and needles were in them. Just as they felt that their bladder would get the best of them, the bells chimed throughout the school, echoing through the halls and classrooms.

The girls eyes widened, not believing their ears as relief was about to unfold at the ending chime of the bell. The classrooms, gymnasium, offices, everyone went silent as the last bell chimed, all being still for a moment.

Tinklebottom quickly fumbled with the speaker, before pressing it and practically shouting “A-Attention all girls of Tinklebottom Academy. I-It is now 3 pm...y-you may now go to the restrooms!”

Its 3 pm, and those who stayed (relatively) dry can now pee to their hearts content! But only if they can make it to the bathroom in time. Who will make it to the toilet before bursting? Will Sara and the others stay dry this time? Will Tinkle and Wettings retain their Professional Images? Will Leaks have one hell of a cleaning day ahead of her? Stay tuned~

*001*2019-07-29 18:24

This is Chapter 4, not Chapter 5. Got mixed up, sorry

