Really Need a Wee At School

Author: MadHatter123

*000*2018-01-03 21:09

Another story about when I really needed to pee during school. (Male Desperation)

It was the end of lunchtime on a Friday and before I headed to last lesson of the day which was English, I went to fill up my water bottle. There was one boy in front of me in the queue named Matt who was in one of my classes during the day and he started talking to me while the queue was going down, joking about the fact that if he drinks too much water in his next lesson he would be really desperate for the toilet since he kind of needed a piss, at least I assumed so from the fact he was tapping his foot on the floor, his thighs were rubbing and he grabbed his penis once or twice through his trousers while speaking to me. He filled up his bottle and walked to his lesson and while I started to fill mine I noticed him adjusting his waistband on his trousers as well as squeezing his cock again. I soon filled my bottle up and wandered to my lesson just in time.

I was so glad to fill up my bottle before the lesson because the teachers at my school barely let us out of lessons to use the water fountain because they knew that before the lesson ended we would ask to leave again to have a piss, and today especially was a lesson that I wouldn't have been allowed to leave since we had a really strict supply teacher who had never let a student leave a lesson before the bell unless they had a medical pass or doctors/dentists note. The classroom I had today was particularly hot and so it was so lucky that I had the chance to grab a drink to stay hydrated for my lesson.

After the teacher had finished the register, we started the lesson. We began discussing what we did as a class last lesson so our teacher knew where we were currently at in the topic. The class discussion lasted about 20 minutes. I wasn't really involved much and so in the meantime just began drinking from my bottle as it was just something to do and I was also pretty thirsty. During this time I noticed another boy named Louie drinking from his clear plastic bottle, meaning I could see how much he was drinking and let me tell you it was quite a lot. During our discussion time he gulped down his whole drink pretty fast but seemed to have another slightly larger bottle that he had in his bag and started to drink from it but soon stopped after the class discussion was over. I assumed he was either thirsty at this time or he most probably had a similar idea to me, he wasn't involved much in the discussion and just presumably started drinking for the hell of it.

Following the class discussion our supply teacher decided where we were at and gave up some work to do. By the time we had actually started the work, I had gulped down half of my bottle and felt the slightest itch in my bladder but thought nothing of it. The lesson went on and both Louie and I had drunk much more, I had completely finished my drink and Louie had practically finished his. I noticed that Louie looked pretty desperate for the toilet, his legs were tapping, he couldn't really sit still and looked a little nervous, however no on else in the class really seemed to notice. He also knew that the teacher wouldn't have given him the change to go to the toilet so he didn't even bother asking her,

It had got to about half way through the lesson and I started to feel the urge a little more, my leg starting tapping and every now and again I squeezed my cock slightly. But it was nothing compared to how Louie looked. He had his had scrunching his penis and he looked tempted very often to put his hand down his trousers or boxers and give it a harder squeeze. Every time I looked across the room to him my urge felt suddenly worse and I couldn't bare the sight of drinking any more water. Shortly after I got handed a new worksheet, he turned around and saw me looking at him and just nodded to me, I assumed he realised that I saw him looking pretty desperate and nodded for conformation of that.

We had 20 minutes left of the lesson and at this stage Louie could not sit still, he was busting and it didn't help that I really had to go to, because it made my situation much worse. There was this other boy named Sam who Louie and I both noticed really needed the toilet too. His clear bottle was empty and he seemed very red-faced and desperate. The wasn't long left of the lesson but I wasn't sure if any of us were going to make it. Every minute felt like an hour and all three of us were now sitting at our desks holding our cocks while the teacher rounded up the lesson. Louie showed signs of needing a piss early on in the lesson so I knew he was probably the most desperate out of the three of us waiting for the lesson to be over.

With 5 minutes left neither of us could walk around the classroom normally while packing up. I'm sure that some of the other students must have noticed at least one us needing the toilet but said nothing. While standing behind our chairs we all looked at each other waiting to leave the lesson and has a piss and it felt like the longest 5 minutes of our lives.

The bell to signal the end of the lesson sounded, and we all felt relived that we were one step closer to going to the toilet. The teacher let us go and Sam ran out of the door, the first one to leave, he was obviously more desperate than I had first imagined. Louie and I slowly trailed out the door after many of our classmates dawdled out. Before Louie and I had the chance to actually go to the toilet, this girl named Chloe asked if one of us could save her a seat on the bus while she collected her art folder. Both of us apologised and said that we both really needed the toilet, which I don't think she believed. We than both ran off in desperation and headed for the nearest toilets. Just as Sam left, Louie and I walked into the toilet and pissed side by side on the urinal, we could see by each others faces that we felt so relived to have finally been able to piss in a toilet and not on ourselves!

