The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 6

*125*2023-07-09 23:09

Meeting with Ellen part 2

Processing what Ellen had just said Daniel stood up quickly and made his way towards the door. Maybe Ellen wasn’t pulling hard enough or something? His heart beating fast and his body sweating Daniel pushed the handle down and pulled, but just as Ellen had said the door wouldn’t budge. Thinking quickly Daniel asked Ellen if she knew the number for the crew team who were sure to come immediately and fix the door. Facing Ellen Daniel watched in fascination as she marched back to her chair with her hands wedged between her legs rocking frantically. Full of adrenaline and arousal Daniel walked towards her restraining himself from kissing her but unable to resist running a hand through her silky smooth hair and stroking her arm. He longed so badly to do more but watching Ellen struggling with her phone he felt conflicted and sympathetic.

Seeing Ellen struggling so much Daniel took her phone to help. Poor Ellen could hardly remember what name she needed let alone manage to call them! Finally finding who Daniel assumed was the right person he pressed to call them. Leaning to hand the phone back to Ellen to take the call Daniel stared at her, his penis hard and throbbing. What an amazing woman Ellen Hemmingdale was rocking on a wooden chair on her own fist like she was masturbating right in front of him! Closing his eyes for a second to prevent them popping out in excitement he listened intently as Ellen moaned and groaned imagining himself causing her to experience exactly every feeling she was having right that second.

Opening his eyes quickly Daniel realised that Ellen hadn’t taken the phone from him as it rang out for the second time. Desperate for her but equally compelled to help he whispered hoarsely asking if there was anything he could do to help. He’d assumed maybe taking the call, explaining the urgency to whoever answered and then ending the call. What Ellen did next had honestly not entered his head, but as she stood up with a pained expression on her face and with both hands tightly pushed into her crotch he sat down to steady himself as Ellen turned away from him, stepped backwards and plopped onto his knee, her broad legs straddled either side and her intimate areas pressed hard against his upper leg as she rocked against him hard and fast. Automatically placing his arm around her he was glad she took the phone finally as his heart jumped then froze thinking that someone had answered only for it to be an answer machine.

“No! I don’t believe this! Not now!”

Sniffing Ellen’s neck longing to bite it Daniel swallowed before whispering in Ellen’s ear.

“You know what this is doing to me honey?”

“Mmmm. I’m dying for a wee Daniel. You like that don’t you?”

“Yes. Yes I do.’

“Isn’t this suit just back from the cleaners?”

“Yes. Yes it is.”

“How would you feel if I weed all over it right now?”

“I’d be deliriously happy but be rather embarrassed driving home.”

Still rocking Ellen gasped before dropping the phone onto the carpet and using her hand to pull her top aside. Daniel felt his thigh warm though he was unsure if it was sweat or urine.

So rock hard and urgently needing to cum he whispered into Ellen’s ear moving the arm holding her on his knee up so he was now fondling her large breasts.

“Did you just leak babe?”

“Mmm. I’m bursting. Really bursting honey. I need to get to the ladies so bad.”

“I know beautiful. I know. You must have so much in that bladder of yours all full and pressing hard against you. Does it feel good rubbing my leg? Is it helping?”

“Mmm. It feels so nice.”

“What if I suggested something else hard that you could rub and rock on? Would you like that too do you think?”

“Oh yes please Daniel. Something that could really get close to my throbbing urethra to block it. Something to distract me from this crazy need to wee. Maybe something safe that if I burst over it it won’t matter. If you know of anything like that here then show me please. I need something like that. I need it quick though because I just dribbled again.”

Daniel slid his free arm urgently out his jacket sleeve and while still holding and fondling Ellen’s breast with one hand he undid his shirt buttons with the other. The whole time Ellen was still rocking and squirming on his knee moaning in desperation. With his shirt unbuttoned but still on he swapped arms fondling Ellen’s other large breast with his right hand while sliding his jacket off completely. Wishing he didn’t have to let go of Ellen’s breasts feeling how hard and erect her nipple was Daniel quickly let go only to pull his shirt off letting it fall onto the floor. Through Ellen’s gasps and moans he then reached for the bottom of her top and slid it over her head tossing it lightly onto the floor without a care. Easily unfastening her bra right at his chest he let it fall forward before sliding each arm down carefully lifting Ellen’s arms away one by one to slide the bra fully off.

With them both topless Daniel could no longer resist as he bit the back of Ellen’s neck by her ear lobe sucking her skin like it was a baby’s bottle. Ellen tensed in his arms as her gyrating intensified as Daniel thought he might explode in his pants as Ellen spoke.

“Oh that helps! Still gotta wee so bad but I like that.”

“You ready for that something I promised now then? You ok to get up a second?”

Ellen moaned as her feet took her weight fully as she lifted her body off Daniel’s knee as she marched on the spot over his leg gradually edging forwards so he could undo his trousers. Waiting until Ellen moved beyond his knees he then stood up allowing his trousers to fall while pulling his underwear down with them revealing his long and very hard penis. With Ellen still facing away from him he reached down to pull her leggings and pants down too, turning her body as she stepped out them and immediately sliding his hand to her now exposed vagina. Feeling how warm and soaking wet it was he gasped as Ellen squirmed.

“I’m ready Daniel. Please don’t delay as I need a wee so much I think I might burst any second. In fact I’m gonna wee on your hand I think. I can feel it.”

“God you’re really wet babe. So throbbing too. Use me please. I beg you sweetheart. Rock me, ride me, press against me, burst all over me. But do it right now before I explode just looking at you and feeling you squirming and moaning like this.”

At that Daniel let his hand out of Ellen’s throbbing vagina feeling a dribble of wee escape as he did. Taking Ellen’s hand he pulled her gently down to the floor as he lay totally naked on the carpet his hard dick pointing upwards as Ellen straddled him still moaning how bursting she was to wee and how she was about to burst. Sliding Daniel’s penis into place Ellen slid down easily as her rocking continued as before as she leaned down to Daniel’s face kneeling over him whispering enticingly into his ear.

“Mmmm. I haven’t had a wee since this morning. I’ve been holding all day long drinking so many cups of tea. I’ve been fidgeting and squeezing and dancing and squirming but this is by far my best way to hold. I’m bursting to wee. I’m dying to pee. I dribbled on your knee and now it’s getting so much I think I might just burst. But this is so nice, it’s distracting me. Is it distracting you too?”

“Mmm”

“Is it making something want to come out of your nice big penis like something wants to come out of my big wet pussy?”

“Mmmm. Yes. Oh fuck!”

Daniel tensed as he felt liquid rush the length of his warm hard dick as Ellen suddenly stopped talking as she shook and slowed her pace as Daniel felt her intense orgasm right through his body followed simultaneously by a loud hush of warm liquid pouring over his penis, testicles and upper leg. This was way beyond any orgasm he’d ever experienced. Closing his eyes as liquid continued pouring strongly from the tip of his penis like he himself was pissing but with his own bladder still uncomfortably full he tried to savour every second of the experience as he hoped Ellen was too.

Jesus she really had been bursting and very very full too as he felt Ellen’s lips touch his lightly as she kissed him before speaking.

“God that feels so much better! You were right. That did help me. Thank you!”

Daniel tried to calm himself enough to form words.

“Glad to have helped.”

*131*2023-07-10 23:28

Ellen’s relief

Ellen wanted to scream as the familiar voice of Robert Berry came on the phone as she processed slowly that it was only his answer machine message. Exclaiming her disbelief she found herself quickly distracted by Daniel’s breath on the back of her neck sending shivers down her spine and instant warmth to her desperate throbbing crotch. It was obvious they weren’t going to be disturbed any time soon as Daniel whispered in her ear saying what they both blatantly knew: the more desperate Ellen was to wee the harder and more turned on Daniel was. While Ellen could feel his hard dick against the back of her thigh she only wished Daniel could feel her own warm wet vagina and know just how majorly turned on she was too.

Playing along with Daniel and teasing him a little Ellen vocalised freely how genuinely desperate she was to wee as she rubbed and squirming constantly on Daniel’s knee hoping she wasn’t ruining his suit trousers with her weight and the friction. She so wanted to play longer with their back and forth words, perhaps listing just how much she’d drank or all the times she’d been crossed legged or bouncy throughout her day. The problem was time wasn’t on her side as her body reminded her once again as a long hard spasm engulfed her as she bit her lip tight trying to prevent her body from erupting. Getting ever closer with each new spasm she bit the bullet and outright asked Daniel something she really needed to know: how would he feel if she weed sitting right here on his knee?

He answered exactly as Ellen expected but right then yet another huge spasm surged from her overstretched bladder through her body right down to her trembling urethra, this time exerting so much pressure no amount of rocking or rubbing was enough to prevent a little wee leaking out. Quickly pulling her top up to try and prevent it getting wet Ellen could barely focus to answer Daniel as he asked the inevitable. Surely he had to know that her body could only hold on so long? It wasn’t through lack of trying to hold now but just the sheer pressure and amount of liquid practically forcing it’s way out to prevent damage to her body.

Ellen expected Daniel might push her off his knee to protect his suit but instead he whispered kindly and soothingly to her offering to help any way he could. The firmness of his leg was helping, and extremely arousing too, but what would help even more was something thinner, longer, harder, she could rub and push against more firmly and directly, something that could even press directly against her pee hole to block it, something her body could grip and squeeze to give her body all the help it needed so badly.

It was like Daniel was reading her mind, or at least Ellen hoped he was, as he hinted at exactly the very thing Ellen wanted more than life itself whilst now fondling and exploring her ample breasts from behind. Had it not been for her bursting bladder Ellen would have let Daniel explore her longer and more tenderly but every second felt like hours as her body ached to release her heavy and extended bladder which had been steadily filling all day long. 

Aware Daniel was changing hands and breasts but unable to think clearly enough to work out why it wasn’t until Daniel pulled her top urgently over her head that she clicked what he was doing. Delighted and excited to go along with this she moaned with excitement as Daniel loosened then took off her large bra. Still rocking anxiously on Daniel’s knee, frightened that any second her muscles would give in, Ellen shook in arousal as she felt Daniel bite and suck the back of her neck. Feeling warmth circulating her entire body her rocking took on a whole new level as she felt her vulva swelling and mucus seeping into her underwear tingling against her clitoris and her sensitive tender urethra.

She didn’t need asked twice when Daniel asked if she wanted more but standing up Ellen was unprepared for the sheer urgency that hit as her crotch no longer felt pressure against it. Dancing and squirming she heard what she assumed was Daniel’s clothing falling to the floor as before she realised it Daniel was pulling her own legging and knickers down and sliding his large dark hand over her vagina. Instantly inserting several fingers Ellen gasped as her body gripped them and squeezed them readily, though she now wasn’t sure how much of her wetness there was mucus and how much was wee! Aware her body was about to climax in more ways than one imminently Ellen begged Daniel to hurry.

Now facing Daniel Ellen looked right into his eyes as she sensed his own hunger, his own urgency and need, combine with hers as his face oozed passion and desire as he took her hands guiding her to where he then lay down naked on the carpet. Taking a second to gaze at his exhilarating attractive physique Ellen struggled to remain composed as she urgently bend down over Daniel touching his sexy manhood with her sweaty hand as she guided it gently where she needed it most. Feeling the tip of Daniel penis rub her swollen clitoris as it slid easily between her very swollen and moist lips Ellen felt a unique mix of intense love and desire as her body welcomed Daniel’s heartily and satisfactorily like it was a long lost friend.

Being led entirely by her desires and needs Ellen rocked against Daniel’s dick like it was the greatest most erotic thing she’d ever felt in her life as she felt heat rise in her body like electricity as she savoured every second like she was in heaven. Looking down at Daniel she realised he had his eyes closed but his facial expression told Ellen everything she needed to know: he was loving this every bit as much as she was. Now knowing that her need to wee was a huge catalyst to his arousal Ellen couldn’t resist whispering in his ear to help take him over the edge. She knew how powerful words could be so sucking and rocking and squeezing while riding his penis Ellen spoke to Daniel in a way she knew would thrill him and excite him. If only he knew how much that same feeling excited her too…

“Daniel, honey, I haven’t had a wee since this morning. I’ve been holding all day long drinking so many cups of tea. I’ve been fidgeting and squeezing and dancing and squirming but this is by far my best way to hold. I’m bursting to wee. I’m dying to pee. I dribbled on your knee and now it’s getting so much I think I might just burst. But this is so nice, it’s distracting me. Is it distracting you too?”

“Mmm”

“Is it making something want to come out of your nice big penis like something wants to come out of my big wet pussy?”

“Mmmm. Yes. Oh fuck!”

Ellen felt Daniel’s body tense as his penis inside her shuddered before shooting out inside her fast and furiously. Pausing that split second was just too much as her concentration eased to allow her own arousal to peak resulting in her urethra relaxing and urine pouring out of her beyond her control. Shocked at first, but then thrilling her and sending adrenaline surging through her whole body Ellen pulled her large body up slightly from on top of Daniel’s as she watched helplessly as a full days worth of warm urine seeped from between her legs in a steady long stream covering Daniel’s testicles, thighs and upper legs and soaking all around him into the carpet.

Now turning her eyes to Daniel she noticed his eyes were now wide open as they gleamed in excitement and amazement as wee still steadily flowed from her dripping vagina. Unable to take her eyes away from Daniel’s Ellen let her head draw closer to his as she allowed their lips to meet as she kissed the sexiest, kindest, most caring man she reckoned ever existed. Thanking him for all his help she hoped he’d seen just how bursting she had been as he took a moment smiling back to say he was glad to have helped.

As much as Ellen wished she could gaze lovingly at Daniel all evening the reality was they were still locked in a meeting room on a cruise ship where they had created quite a mess on the carpet with their clothes sprawled all around the room. Pulling herself up to stand Ellen now looked at Daniel lying naked on the floor, his half erect penis held in his hand and all around his crotch glistening with the remains of her wee.

“Would you like a hand up?”

“If you don’t mind?”

Ellen leaned down to give Daniel a hand up as he smiled at her and winked before searching for his underwear. Ellen did likewise pulling her knickers on feeling the waistband to be much looser now her bladder was empty. Turning to see Daniel struggling with his trousers Ellen hooked her bra as she checked on Daniel.

“You ok?”

“Not really. I had to piss before I even got here honey and now after that it’s suddenly super super bad! I need to get home NOW babe! It’s either that or I soak this carpet even more! It’s like feeling your piss on him plus hearing you go was the final straw and triggered my bladder so bad. I can't even think to button this blooming shirt up!”

“Oh. I’ll get dressed quickly and try calling Robert again. Keep holding as best you can honey. Someone has to come open the door for us soon ok.”

*133*2023-07-11 22:55

Daniel’s relief

Watching as a completely naked Ellen pulled herself up Daniel felt a very familiar tingling return to the top of his now half erect penis. Instinctively grabbing and squeezing the tip between his finger and thumb, feeling it still warm and wet from sex with Ellen and her urine explosion, he tried not to think about the fact he was a few miles from home and locked in a room. Now with just one hand free it occurred to him that getting up from lying down was going to be tricky unless he let go of his dick, which he really didn’t want to do. Ellen was quick to notice the issue, thankfully, as she offered her hand to pull him up which Daniel was very grateful for.

Still gripping his cock as it reduced in size a little while tingling even stronger Daniel looked around quickly, finding his underwear and pulling it on over his still damp legs and lower stomach. Rubbing his very hard bladder with his free hand while his eyes darted around scanning for his grey trousers Daniel moved towards them bending over to pick them up as his bladder objected strongly to being squashed and squeezed. Completely unable to let go of his own dick for fear he would immediately start pissing he struggled sliding one leg into his smart trousers while keeping balanced. Almost falling over, but correcting himself just in time, he turned as he heard Ellen speak to him.

“You ok?”

Embarrassed, but too desperate to even attempt to hide his situation, Daniel felt it best to just tell Ellen regardless. Grabbing his shirt and sliding one arm in then the other, alternating which hand grabbed his crotch each time, he tried buttoning his shirt one handedly very awkwardly.

“Not really. I had to piss before I even got here honey and now after that it’s suddenly super super bad! I need to get home NOW babe! It’s either that or I soak this carpet even more! It’s like feeling your piss on my body plus hearing you go was the final straw and triggered my bladder so bad. I can't even think to button this blooming shirt up!”

“Oh. I’ll get dressed quickly and try calling Robert again. Keep holding as best you can honey. Someone has to come open the door for us soon, ok.”

Right that minute Daniel wasn’t sure if Ellen could even get dressed quickly enough as he stumbled over to a chair squirming and fidgeting as he tried to use both hands to quickly button his shirt. His trousers were still not buttoned up yet and he hadn’t even found his suit jacket as he looked up to see Ellen pulling her top down over her vast and curvy body. At least she was decent and hopefully finding her phone at last as he located his suit jacket finally and slid his arms in as he breathed in to fasten his trousers. Now just his socks and shoes to go he watched as Ellen slid her own shoes on before picking her phone up from the table.

“Dear God he better answer this time. How close is the nearest gents to here anyway? I’m never going to make it home.”

Eileen rubbed Daniel’s shoulder reassuringly as he bent over pulling his socks on and then tying his shoes up while she held her phone to her ear. Before Daniel had tied his second shoe up he heard Ellen talking.

“Hi Robert! Yes it’s Ellen Hemmingdale here from Shelter. I’m in a meeting right now in room G14. Unfortunately we can’t seem to open the door to leave. My colleague and myself have both tried but it’s like it’s self locked or something. Yes…yes…actually could you make it a bit of a priority please. My colleague has to be somewhere else quite urgently and it’s imperative he gets there in time….right. Thanks.”

Standing up abruptly Daniel slid a hand into his pocket as he began pacing the room.

“How long did he say he’d be?”

“He said he’d come right away. He shouldn’t be long. Do you want me just to close your laptop down and put it in its case? I assume we’ll need to meet up again to get the PowerPoint done? I can email the photos over to you as soon as I get home tonight.”

Still pacing with his hand in his suit trouser pocket holding his desperate penis tightly Daniel just nodded. He couldn’t think straight any more as his whole concentration was focussed on not wetting his just cleaned suit. Walking back and forth between the porthole and the door Daniel could hear Ellen closing his laptop and zipping it into its case. He usually hated anyone touching his computer but right now he knew he was in no state to be tidying it away himself. What was taking Robert so long? Feeling his face and neck warm in embarrassment Daniel turned to face Ellen while still pacing.

“I can’t do this Ellen. I hate myself for even thinking this but I’m going to have to pee on the carpet or something. Come here and feel.”

Ellen looked up at Daniel leaving the laptop in its case on the table. Walking towards him as he paced towards her Daniel took her hand with his one free hand and rubbed it over his large swollen bladder.

“Can you feel that? I always wait until I get home after work but this is the biggest I can ever remember feeling. Even my balls are aching with the pressure right now and I can barely stand up straight. I’ll pay the owners whatever it costs to clean the carpet. I will honestly. I just can’t bear this any longer.”

Unzipping his fly Daniel was almost running towards the area where he’d earlier been lying naked as a knock at the door distracted him.

“Hello? Are you in there Ellen?”

Ellen raced to the door as Daniel continued heading to the area where they’d had sex, one hand holding his dick tightly through his trouser pocket and the other now fishing inside his fly area ready to pull his penis out.

“Yes Robert. I’m in here. Do you think you can get us out?”

Just then the door handle rattled loudly as Daniel stared at the wet carpet dying to add his own urine to where he could still see Ellen’s had fallen. Now with his penis in his hand outside his trousers gripped tight shut by his thumb and fingers he aimed his member ready to fire when suddenly the door pushed open and he heard a male voice.

“There. A bit of brute force. There was meant to be a notice on the doors of this corridor. They were all freshly painted yesterday and looks like the paint stuck with the door being closed. We’re freshening the whole ship up ready for leaving here. Sorry to have kept you waiting. Hope it hasn’t inconvenienced you at all.”

While Robert spoke Daniel screwed his face up facing away from him as he reluctantly and hastily tucked away his penis and zipped up. Feeling his penis rebelling against the torture of sensing it could release only to be told no at the last second he picked up his laptop case from the table and rushed towards the now open door. Brushing past Robert like he ceased to exist his head shook side to side as she tried to work out which way to go.

“Left along the corridor and you’ll see them right by the lifts!”

Daniel barged along the corridor not caring who was in his way as he bolted towards the lifts and hopefully a urinal. With the door to room G14 still open he could just make out Ellen’s voice in the background.

“We’ve been trying to get you for ages. He’s bursting for a wee.”

Daniel pushed the door to the gents open sweating from the effort of holding just from the room. Seeing an open cubicle he dropped his laptop case at the door as he pulled his trousers and underwear down as his penis began peeing right away. Grabbing it and aiming it he wanted to scream in delight at finally getting to release.

The joy, the ecstasy, the delight was every bit as thrilling and wonderful as it had been cuming just minutes before. The only difference, thought Daniel, was that this experience was lasting so much longer. Much much longer in fact as he wondered just how much his poor bladder had been holding all day long.

*135*2023-07-12 23:05

Ellen helps Daniel out

Pulling up her leggings and reaching for her top Ellen hurried to get her things on so she could try calling Robert again. Wondering how Daniel might react if she got his answer machine a second time she slid on her invisible socks and shoes quickly as she moved closer to the table and grabbed her phone. Finding the last number called she pressed redial praying someone would answer.

It only rang once before a familiar voice answered. Ellen outlined her problem and location quickly, all the time avidly watching Daniel struggling to get his socks and shoes on whist grabbing at his crotch and squirming on the chair. Keen not to embarrass Daniel by saying he needed the toilet badly she used language she hoped conveyed the urgency without detailing more than necessary. Needing to do something, anything, other that ogle Daniel as he paced the room with his hand in his pocket Ellen looked around spotting Daniel’s laptop still open and quickly suggesting putting it away. It was now after 5pm according to the wall clock she could see and it was obvious they weren’t going to get any more work done today.

Closing the laptop lid and putting it carefully into it’s cover Ellen could hear Daniel pacing behind her. Trying her hardest not to think what his body was feeling right then, knowing she was still moist from moments before, combined with thoughts of his desperation, Ellen knew only too well what her body would crave yet again. Hearing Daniel moaning under his breath and breathing hard was causing her enough palpitations as it was so she looked more at what she was doing than at Daniel behind her. Trying to keep her mind on anything but Daniel she commented that she’d email the remaining photos when she got home.

It had probably only been a minute at most since she’d spoken to Robert on the phone but time was dragging in as Ellen stared at the closed door willing him to come. It was awful enough that she’d had an accident in the room but now Daniel was fully dressed and his suit was only just out the dry cleaners hours before! Already still feeling huge arousal, and with thoughts of bringing herself pleasure again once she got home, Ellen was startled when Daniel spoke. Turning to face him on hearing his voice she felt her face instantly redden when he stated that he was seriously debating weeing on the carpet where she’d wet not long before. Ellen swallowed, processing the fact that Daniel was now beckoning her over towards him. Was he thinking what she was? Surely not? Surely he couldn’t know one of her biggest fantasies of all?

Walking towards him with her heart thumping Ellen shook with adrenaline as Daniel took her hand and rubbed it over his huge hard bladder. Even through his shirt Ellen could feel how huge it was as she desperately longed to ask Daniel something very personal. Unfortunately for her though he let her hand drop away as she saw his face contort and his body tense as he sprinted across the room towards where the carpet was still wet. Longing to go and watch, or better still fulfil her long held dream of holding Daniel’s dick while he peed, she instead stood gazing longingly at the back of Daniel’s suit when suddenly there was knocking and a voice at the door.

Her head spinning Ellen replied to the voice when unexpectedly the door jutted open and Robert Berry practically fell in as Daniel thankfully seemed to have miraculously appeared having obviously abandoned the idea of weeing on the carpet now they had company. However, he certainly wasn’t his professional polite self in any way as he pushed past Robert clumsily as Robert looked at her confused. Shouting directions to the gents in the direction of Daniel Robert’s eyes then met her’s briefly as Ellen felt she owed him an explanation. With Daniel now spared any more embarrassment being out of ear shot Ellen smiled sweetly at the older man as she explained why her colleague had left with such urgency.

“Ah that explains why he never even thanked me. At least he managed some self control though. Working here you have no idea the number of places people seem to urinate! We have plenty toilets too. But hey. Nothing you need to worry about. Well I guess that’ll be you finished for the day. Some of us have hours until knock off eh!”

“Thanks again for helping us Robert. I bet you’ll be glad when we’re all off the ship soon.”

“Not at all. I’ll miss the kids running about playing. We don’t usually get many kids on here.”

“I’m sure you don’t.”

Moving her eyes and seeing Daniel’s laptop Ellen edged closer towards it picking it up while Robert still stood at the door. Glancing in the direction of where she’d wet the carpet Ellen smiled guiltily at Robert as she walked towards the door.

“I better go give this to Mr Omari. Thanks again for rescuing us. I hope no one else shuts any of the doors in this corridor and has the same thing happen.”

“Good point. I’ll go get some new signs made now. That’s if this phone doesn’t interrupt me again. See you around.

“Sure. See you tomorrow no doubt.”

Walking down the corridor towards the first set of lifts with Daniel’s laptop in her hand Ellen couldn’t stop thinking about Daniel weeing. Had he made it on time? Had he leaked in his underwear at all? Thinking back to feeling his bladder just minutes earlier she certainly wouldn’t judge him if he’d leaked or spurted in any way. Smiling to herself as she finally approached the toilets she’d tried to go to several times earlier herself she realised that she’d already fulfilled so many of her sexual fantasies with Daniel just in the last two days.

If they could manage that in just 48 hours surely together they could get everything in place in time for the ship departing in just three weeks. The biggest problem Ellen now worried about was no longer convincing the refugees or getting other organisations on side but actually working closely with Daniel for a full three weeks without getting distracted all the time by sex. Beaming with happiness and excitement Ellen giggled to herself just as Daniel came out the toilets. If only they could stop getting desperate to wee. That was proving to be quite a feat for them both.

*136*2023-07-13 23:15

Daniel’s works late

Daniel felt like a totally different man as he washed his hands and looked at himself in the mirror. He hair was greasy with sweat but otherwise he looked no different to this morning despite having had sex with a woman he’d fancied for months then been under so much stress holding his bladder so long. Splashing his face with water to make sure he wasn’t dreaming he dried his hands and face with some paper towels then opened the door of the gents hoping he could remember the way back to the meeting room.

His eyes beamed with relief and joy as the first person he saw on stepping out the door was the beautiful Ellen Hemmingdale smiling back at him with his laptop case in her hand. Desperate to kiss her he walked towards her before suddenly realising they weren’t alone. What if someone saw them making out? Would it affect the outcome of getting everyone to move to Dundee? Reaching his hand out to take his laptop he smiled at Ellen and thanked her before heading towards the reception desk to sign out. Lifting his pen from the paper he turned to say goodbye to Ellen but she was no longer there.

Heading down the gangway to the port car park and his car Daniel was struck by how dark it was getting already, though thankfully the rain from the previous day seemed to have passed. Day dreaming about Ellen constantly he looked around for her car. Thinking he could spot it across the car park he got into his car and drove towards it hoping she was there. Seeing no signs of her he looked back at the huge cruise ship debating waiting for her to come out. So caught up in his own thoughts he physically jumped when someone totted him to get past. Waving in his mirror hoping the other driver could see he circled the car park allowing the other driver to exit before reversing in beside Ellen’s car hoping he might see her leave.

Keeping his engine running Daniel switched the radio on listening to the travel updates and the news before suddenly remembering about the imminent announcement that would be made in just a few days regarding the very cruise ship he was facing. Stressing about time he considered driving home to get the PowerPoint finished urgently when he saw Ellen in the distance. His heart instantly beating faster and his spirits lifting he jumped out his car giving her a fright.

“Sorry! So sorry Ellen. I just…it’s stupid but I just…I’m rubbish at this sorry. I just wanted to see you again before I went home.”

Feeling like a love struck school boy he suddenly felt stupid as Ellen looked him in the eye and laughed.

“That’s so sweet of you. Actually I’m glad you’re here. I just spoke to someone about booking the theatre this week. They offered Friday morning but then I recalled that that would be too late because they’d hear it in the news first wouldn’t they? Kind of defeats the point of booking the theatre then eh! Anyway when I explained that it was urgent and was in regard to the exit date they offered me tomorrow evening between 6 and 7. I felt cheeky asking for more but he did say as long as it was left tidy and no children came in he would let us use it during his lunch break tomorrow from 12-12:45. I promised no food or drink and we’d leave it spotless. I hope that’s ok?”

Feeling a bit overwhelmed but delighted Daniel instinctively hugged Ellen kissing the top of her head automatically.

“I couldn’t do this without you Ellen. Thank you! So can I just plug in the laptop to show it all or do I need to bring connectors or anything? I’m almost embarrassed to say that even coming on the ship for months I don’t think I’ve ever been in the theatre.”

“It’s not somewhere I go to much either but it’s on the second floor. I’ll meet you at reception around 11:30 and show you where it is. There’s obviously WiFi on board so maybe it’s done via that? I’m not exactly technically minded but it must be easy enough I imagine. Oh and I’ll send those photos over as soon as I get home. Will you get the presentation done on time do you think?”

“I’ll work all night if I have to.”

Daniel stood back and looked at Ellen who seemed embarrassed and tired.

“Sorry I distracted you earlier. I feel guilty now at the thought of you working so late.”

“Don’t feel guilty lovely. There’s nothing on the TV these days anyway and besides you are welcome to distract me anytime. It was fun!”

“Ok. I’d better get home and send those photos. If you need my help just call me. Night.”

Checking around anxiously Daniel pulled Ellen closer to him again between their cars as he leaned down to kiss her. Thrilled that she didn’t appear to complain he held her in his arms for a minute before letting her go.

“Have a good night Ellen. See you tomorrow.”

Getting in his car after Ellen he sat watching as she started up her old Suzuki Ignis and drove out the port car park out of sight. Wishing he knew where she lived he let his thoughts linger for a moment before heading home himself, still thinking constantly about Ellen Hemmingdale and the whirlwind two days they’d just had.

Locking his car safely away in his garage as always Daniel came into his house via the back door straight into his kitchen, slipping his shoes off at the door then filling the kettle on autopilot. Putting his laptop bag on the dining table he opened the freezer to select another meal made by his mother and put it in the microwave. Not caring what it even was he checked for any mail then returned to the kitchen setting up his laptop while making himself a coffee, all while waiting for his dinner to ping. Seeing the PowerPoint open up immediately Daniel smiled thinking back to being with Ellen while she squirmed desperately beside him. God she was so sexy when she was bursting to pee, though honestly, thought Daniel, she was incredibly sexy at all the time with a body he’d love to explore so much more, preferably with little to no clothes in the way!

Startled from his thought by the microwave beeping Daniel shook his head to bring his brain back to reality as he plated his meal and returned back to his computer. While he really needed the photographs to illustrate his slides for now he could at least work on the wording as he ate and drank thinking about how to persuade so many charities and organisation to work with him and how to convince over 100 people of different ages and lifestyles to move nearly 100 miles to Dundee.

By the time he had devoured his dinner and moved his plate to the integral dishwasher he checked his emails to find loads from Ellen all with photos attached. Smiling broadly just seeing her email address he replied to the first confirming receipt and thanking her before saving the photos ready to use.

It was past 8pm when he felt he had the presentation completed but reading through it he felt it lacked something special. Staring at his mobile he debated with himself about calling Ellen. She’d said it was ok but was she just being polite? Should he just email instead? Deciding to email initially and wait he attached the presentation with a few words then made himself another coffee while he waited. Staring at his mobile again he picked it up anxious to know what Ellen thought. Waiting for her to answer he stared at the slides on the screen nervously.

Ellen answered on the third ring as Daniel blurted out straight away without any preamble.

“So what do you think?”

“Have you finished?”

“Yes. Yes. I emailed it over.”

“Oh sorry I was watching something and must have drifted off. I’ll check right now. Hold on til I get my iPad.”

Daniel waited as he heard Ellen click and move around.

“Right I’ll just have a read through now. Do you want to wait or call back in ten minutes or so?”

“Wait.”

“Ok. It looks good so far anyway. I like the way you’ve done the ‘operation new adventure’ sort of like a motif or logo. Did you cut the plans?”

“Only the bit with the tower on. I didn’t want anyone realising right away that it was a tower block. I remembered you saying that might put some off too early.”

“Right. Good thinking. Oh I had forgotten how nice that kitchen was. That caretaker flat really was gorgeous wasn’t it? This looks so good. Almost makes me want to move there too! Oh you remembered to put about the communal flats too, and the views. Did you mention the schools and nursery and how close to the city centre it is? Oh sorry I haven’t got that far yet. I see it now. So are you thinking of showing this to the groups first then the families exactly the same?”

“Yeah. Unless you think that’s not a good idea?”

“What about adding a slide to the end for the groups. Something like..how can you help? And listing all the things that need done to support the project like furniture, removal vans, translators, physical support helping people pack, busses to get them there, longer term support to settle, that sort of thing? And maybe for the refugees adding a final slide about how we are here to help them through this and they aren’t alone. Maybe we could have a dedicated email address for any concerns? Hopefully by the evening we can say that such and such an organisation will be helping do such and such too. It will all be so overwhelming for them I think.”

“That’s exactly what I was looking for Ellen. You are a genius, you know that?”

Hearing Ellen laugh heartily the way he’d heard so often but adored every time Daniel smiled as he typed up the final slides.

“I’m not just a pretty face then eh!”

“Oh Ellen you are way more than a pretty face! You have the sexiest most incredible body, the most delicious breasts I have ever sucked and the luscious most beautiful vagina known to man. Oh and you have a very smart and clever brain to boot. God, you’re bloody amazing!”

Hearing Ellen laughing again Daniel worried he’d gone too far, though in truth he could think of so much more he wanted to say. Of course Ellen summed it up as always in the way she always did, by calling a spade a spade in the way she did so Ellen like.

“And I’m guessing you’re horny!”

“Maybe….”

*138*2023-07-14 23:50

The phone conversation with Daniel

Ellen smiled seeing Daniel coming out the gents looking much more relaxed and comfortable. Catching him smiling back she felt warmth rising within her as she held out his laptop bag to give him. For a split second she thought Daniel was about to kiss her but then he moved towards the direction of reception and the moment was gone. Forcing herself to stay focussed on work she pressed to call the lift just by the toilets. The doors opened right away as Ellen stared at Daniel’s back as he bent over the desk to sign out, immediately having a flash back to seeing him do the exact same position last Thursday evening. As the large doors closed over Ellen closed her eyes wanting to treasure the last hour to her long term memory. Hearing the soft pleasant voice of the lift announce she was on the second floor Ellen walked out confidently in the direction of the ship’s theatre.

The door was locked, as was always the case when it wasn’t in use, so Ellen headed to the entertainment check in hoping to book it that week. Less familiar with the staff on the upper levels Ellen introduced herself and showed her ID. Asking for the first available booking she paused when she was told Friday trying to think why this wasn’t workable. Remembering that the press release was going live on Thursday she begged the young man for an earlier date explaining hastily what it was in relation to. Appearing to understand he checked again and offered the following evening which Ellen immediately agreed to. 

About to leave she then remembered last minute that there needed to be two slots. Worried she’d blown her chances of that she turned around smiling sweetly and asked if there was any chance of a rehearsal and set up slot. The young man paused, as if debating to himself what to do, before finally, but quietly, agreeing to allow Ellen access when he was on his lunch break under the condition that the theatre was kept spotless and strictly no children, which Ellen assumed was due to fire regulations or insurance with it being an unofficial booking. Nodding in agreement she opted for the stairs going back down to get some exercise.

Back on the main deck Ellen said her goodbyes before signing out and heading alone to her car. With a lot on her mind she almost screamed when Daniel suddenly appeared from nowhere. Still, thrilled to see him none the less, once over the shock, she updated him on the bookings and had a brief chat before he pulled her in for a lovely hug and a quick kiss. Floating on a cloud she drove the ten minutes home in a daze caught up in all that was Daniel Omari and their relationship.

Making herself a basic meal of eggy bread as she really needed to do a grocery shop having been busy all weekend, Ellen then sat down with a mug of tea and switched the TV on. Scrolling idly through her iPad she noticed the photos and emailed them to Daniel wondering how he was doing and wether he was working still on the PowerPoint. Tired after a long day she found herself dozing off until she was woken by the ring of her mobile. Searching the room to find it she couldn’t help but get excited at seeing Daniel’s name on screen.

Checking her email to find a copy of the PowerPoint she opened it up excitedly while chatting to Daniel. Unlike their previous phone call on Thursday night this one flowed easier with noticeable less tension and gaps. In fact Ellen found herself laughing easily as the conversation soon changed from work to flirtatious chat as it became more and more obvious that Daniel hadn’t just called about the presentation.

Eileen tried imagining him at home alone, hard and randy, as her heart thrilled realising he was now choosing her to gain his pleasure rather than anything else. Thinking just how often, especially so recently, she’d pleasured herself thinking of Daniel she felt jittery at the opportunity to return the favour.

Daniel, of course, was making it easy as he clumsily and shyly asked her something she was more than delighted to talk about.

“Can I ask you something Ellen? See today when you were bursting to pee in the room with me?”

“Mmm. Yes.”

“Well you said that you’d been trying to go to the toilet since lunchtime? What stopped you going and how did that feel?”

“Oh you like hearing about me desperate don’t you? Well this morning I was busy working with a young man on the ship, one of the many we are hoping will move. His case is complex and I’ve been working with him for months. It involved loads of forms and phone calls and two mugs of tea to keep me going. I had some lunch on the ship and that was when I started needing to go. It wasn’t bad but I was aware of it and so I headed for the ladies. But then Oleksandr and his little one came running towards me. He wanted to know how the big meeting had went and then he was talking about his wee one having been to see a nursery.

As soon as he left of course I went towards the loos again because I was more aware that I had to pee by then and I was keen to go. I was almost at the door when my phone rang. I debated not answering but you never know if something might be an emergency so not answering is risky. I hoped I could get off the call quickly and use the loo but it actually was a major emergency and I had to leave immediately. I can’t go into all the details as it’s a police matter but I was caught up at the police station for several hours with two vulnerable previous tenets from the ship. There was absolutely zero opportunity to find a bathroom and given the circumstances it would have felt wrong and unprofessional to even ask even though by that point I was pretty desperate.”

“You were desperate for hours but couldn’t go at all or even say? Mmmm. How did you hold Ellen?”

“A LOT of keg crossing and changing positions on my seat. By this point it wasn’t just a passing thought or minor distraction but a full on pressure that was constant all the time. I wasn’t alone so it wasn’t even like I could put my hand between my legs or anything but believe me Daniel I really wanted to do that so much. I’d had two mugs of tea and a glass of water with my lunch and hadn’t been since I’d left my house that morning. The police even offered me water and as it was warm in the room I took it to stay hydrated. Of course that just added to my bladder though and made me even more antsy and fidgety. I kept hoping we could leave but then I had to escort the clients back to where they had been living to retrieve their belongings.”

“Could you not go then either? You must have been getting so desperate by then?”

“We had to be in and out very quickly for everyone’s safety so there was no time for any delays. Besides I was really busy helping the clients pack as much as they could quickly and loading my car. Had they not been so upset and stressed they probably would have noticed my squirming and bouncing around. I actually couldn’t wait to get back to the cruise and pee so bad. I was really desperate. I could feel it everywhere in my body Daniel. My toes were curling and my eyes were swimming. My heart was going fast and I was so distracted and preoccupied by it. Then I had to drive back to the dock. A couple of times at red lights I had to squeeze myself. I just hope the people with me didn’t see.”

“Oh that’s sexy! So when you got back to the boat why didn’t you just run to the ladies?”

“I was just about to when Celine waved at me. I couldn’t be rude and she was clearly wanting me so I thought I’d see what she wanted then go straight for a wee but she was telling me that you were waiting for me and then you saw me and I didn’t feel I could then just vanish and run to the loo even though I so desperately needed to go.”

“So in a way I was stopping you going even though I didn’t know?”

“I guess you were. Do you like the idea of that?”

“Mmm. Yes I do actually. Does that upset you?”

“No. Why should it? In fact I can think of quite fun ways you could stop me going when really bursting.”

“Oh really? Like what?”

“Well you could start by kissing me, or what you did earlier and making love to me, though that one admittedly wasn’t that successful in helping me hold, but it was seriously fun. Or you could use your hand between my legs, or you could lock the only bathroom I could use, or you could tie me up…”

“Jesus Ellen are you trying to make me explode or what?”

“You like those ideas then?”

“Fuck Ellen I love them babe. So by the time I arrived your bladder was already really really full and you’d been bursting for hours? Were you trying to hide that from me honey? Were you shy about saying?”

“I tried to excuse myself at the door if you remember? I couldn’t even stand still at that point. I actually thought I might wee myself if I didn’t go. I was really bursting, and yes I felt awkward about it because I knew about the meeting all day and it’s unprofessional to suddenly tell someone you have to run to the loo and wee before you can have the meeting.”

“Mmmm. Do you remember me saying we didn’t have much time and I was anxious to get the meeting going?”

“Yes I do. Had you noticed I was bursting then? Were you trying to delay me?”

“To be honest I hadn’t because I was way too consumed with my own struggle. I actually needed the meeting over with quickly because I was desperate to piss myself. The only reason you might not have noticed was that seeing you distracted me so much.”

“In what way Daniel?”

“Because you are so fucking hot! That’s why. Even just chatting to you I am rock hard and aching for you! You get me like this even on the phone Ellen. Seriously!”

“What? Even the first time you called me on Thursday night?”

“God yes! When you said you were going to wee yourself that night because you needed to go so bad I got so hard I was shaking with need. Then you bloody let me hear you pee. Fuck Ellen that sent me right over instantly. And now here I am as horny for you as ever again. If you were with me right now seeing me like this what would you do?”

“Lick you. Suck you. Explore you thoroughly with my hands. Stroke you. Kiss you.”

“Oh God yes please! Would you piss on my again too? Fuck that was incredible.”

“Definitely. If you’d let me use you to hold when I’m on the verge of peeing myself that is?”

“Oh fuck! Anytime you like Ellen. Any time at all!”

*141*2023-07-15 10:27

{{47 minutes ago, stinklerus said:

Another brilliant chapter! You are so, so good at this! Thanks again for all the time and effort you put into your writing .

}}

Oh believe me I very much enjoy writing these chapters. I never planned this story to go on quite as long but I am thoroughly enjoying getting to know Ellen and Daniel abd exploring their relationship. I just hope others are too.

And yes @wannawatch

I always write when I’m desperate myself as I feel it enhances my empathy for the characters and gets me into the zone better.

*143*2023-07-15 22:41

On the phone to Ellen

Daniel had no other motive in phoning Ellen other than to check the presentation, but just hearing her voice and thinking about her had such a huge affect on his body and the conversation just seemed to flow naturally when they were once again chatting each other up.

Knowing he was alone and Ellen couldn’t see Daniel undid his trousers and began touching himself through his underwear as he asked Ellen to tell him more about how she’d ended up so desperate in their earlier meeting. Hearing about her day Daniel listened intently feeling such admiration for all Ellen did. He’d been so wrapped up in his own work all year that despite working closely with Ellen a lot he’d never actually given much thought to what she did. Misjudging her as just wanting to be friends with the refugees he was seeing a whole new side to her now as she talked openly about every part of her day.

Of course as soon as she first mentioned needing to pee his ears perked up and his hands began slowly stroking thinking of how it must have felt for Ellen to be so close to the bathroom but then be interrupted by someone who wanted her. Not just once but twice with the second time involving her not only walking away from the toilet but driving completely away from the ship altogether.

Intrigued and curious about what had happened with the people who needed police support Daniel wanted to ask but felt it wasn’t appropriate to do so. Besides he was far far more interested in hearing about Ellen and her full bladder as he tried keeping the conversation on that as much as he could. Just thinking about the gorgeous large beautiful woman that was Ellen Hemmingdale stuck in a situation where she hadn’t used a loo for hours and was bursting to go but had no access to a toilet and felt she couldn’t even voice her need seemed to push every button in his body as he now slid his hard penis out of his underpants and rubbed the skin more with his fingers. It wasn’t anything like as pleasant as the thought of Ellen touching him or the heavenly sensation he’d experienced twice now of her wet vagina riding him but his dick longed to be touched and rubbed so he held the phone to his ear with one hand and stroked his long manhood with the other.

Revelling in the slow intense build up of Ellen’s recount he could feel the internal pressure building like a pressure cooker inside him especially so as Ellen talked about squeezing herself in her car with others beside her as she was driving back to the ship. Just thinking how full she must have felt and how long she’d been desperate made him stroke just a little harder and faster. Then when Ellen said that she was heading for the loo for the third time but her friend waved to say he was waiting for her Daniel could feel his whole body getting hotter and more excited. Even knowing how the whole thing ended wasn’t distracting him, if anything it was even exciting him more remembering the explosion that seemed to be never ending all over the very part of his body he was now playing with.

Unable to hold back in the conversation, loving where it was going, Daniel couldn’t help but hint and get harder now at the thought he had in some way, unbeknown to him at the time, caused Ellen even more delay. Having to steady his breathing and stroking, just a little to not explode too soon, his hands were sweating with excitement as Ellen readily and easily turned the notch up on the sexual dial volunteering happily incredible ways she could think of that Daniel could prevent her going to the bathroom when she was bursting. This, of course, seemed to send Daniel into a spin as he instantly stroked and squeezed himself faster almost taking himself to a point of no return. Aware he was breathing heavier than normal it didn’t seem at all out of place to say what he was thinking.

“Jesus Ellen are you trying to make me explode or what?”

Ellen’s teasing response sent Daniel’s hormones crazy as he pushed her to tell more about the story knowing his body wasn’t going to last much longer now, in much the same way as Ellen’s was in the recount of what they’d experienced together just hours before. Hoping Ellen wasn’t far away from exploding over him in the conversation Daniel did his best to hold off, planning to let his body cum right at the part where she pissed all over him. But the conversation seemed to turn then as he found himself confessing to Ellen that he’d been just as desperate to piss at the meeting as she had been. When Ellen questioned why she hadn’t noticed that Daniel felt his face redden and his penis throb as he told Ellen just what he thought of her and what she did to him, mentioning without thinking that their previous phone call had put him in the exact same state he found himself in now.

Now just moments from climax Ellen was only making matters worse, or better, by outlining in detail all that she’d love to do to him should she find him in the state he was now. Imagining her licking him, sucking him, peeing on him was just too much as he stroked more intensely and harder as he grunted quietly as he jerked with a huge load. Coming back to reality he heard Ellen’s beautiful sexy voice still on the phone.

“May I go for a wee now please sir? You’re welcome to hear me if you’d like.”

It didn’t matter to Daniel that he’d already climaxed. He wasn’t ever going to turn down that sort of offer ever!

*144*2023-07-17 09:59

Saying goodnight to Daniel

Ellen knew the exact moment Daniel climaxed as her own fingers squelched inside her underwear. Enjoying the feeling of needing to pee, which had gradually and unexpectedly built up while on the phone, combined with what she knew Daniel was doing, her fingers slid in and out of her own body easily. Ellen knew she could easily bring herself to orgasm but now that Daniel had cum her need to wee was actually interfering with her desire for more sexual enjoyment as she carried on chatting to Daniel, slowly sliding her hands out of her underwear while lying on the couch before sitting up and wriggling. Not ready to stop chatting yet she casually and cheekily asked Daniel a question.

“May I go for a wee now please sir? You’re welcome to hear me if you’d like.”

Ellen already knew the answer of course as she held the phone to her ear while walking upstairs.

“It might not be as long as the one I did earlier on the boat but I definitely need to go. Actually I think this is the first time I’ve been since then. You still there?”

“Oh I’m very much still here! Are you serious that you haven’t used the bathroom yet since our meeting? Jeez that was nearly five hours ago now! Do you normally go that long without going? You must be bursting sweetheart?”

Ellen pushed her small bathroom door open pulling her pyjama shorts and knickers down one handed still holding her mobile. Sitting on the loo clenching her muscles tightly to hold on just a bit longer until she’d replied to Daniel she almost felt herself burst before she had a chance to speak.

“I came home hungry so made myself something to eat and drink right away. I’ve been watching a bit of television but I must have dozed off after sending you the photos. I guess I’m still tired after the long day yesterday. Then you phoned and we’ve been chatting so I’ve not had a minute to go. It came on quite gradually until now. I’m on the loo now as I speak and about to go. I’ll put the phone nearby if you’d like to hear.”

“Yes please.”

Ellen allowed her muscles to relax as she spread her wide legs as far apart as she could on her toilet holding the phone tightly between her legs just above the toilet. Immediately on relaxing a strong solid stream poured out noisily from her body splashing into the toilet causing tiny particles of water to splash back up onto her body. Caught up in the sheer bliss of relief Ellen sighed loudly almost forgetting Daniel might hear her.

“Oh that feel so good.”

“Jeez I thought you said you didn’t think it would be much. Good grief Ellen you must have been absolutely desperate. You’re still going!”

Ellen put the phone back up to her ear with urine still steadily flowing from her body as she spoke.

“That’ll be all the mugs of tea I’ve had tonight I guess. I feel so much better now! Did you enjoy that?”

“Absolutely loved it! If I hadn’t just cum I’d have exploded just listening to that. Unfortunately I have just cum and now hearing that huge pee has just triggered my own bladder! I’m having to pinch myself hard here to stop myself pissing all over my kitchen floor. I think I had better say goodnight and run to my downstairs loo quick. I can’t wait to see you tomorrow.”

“Don’t go just yet Daniel. Would you…would you let me hear you going?”

Ellen could hear Daniel shifting about like he might be walking or fidgeting on a chair or something.

“Oh. I can try I guess.”

For a minute the line went quiet as Ellen wiped herself and quickly washed her hands. Heading next door to her bedroom she stepped out her knickers and pj shirts quickly, dropping them on the floor for speed, then laid on the bed with her mobile to her ear. Now her bladder wasn’t distracting her any more she felt hornier than ever as she returned her hand to her wet and hungry vagina waiting patiently for Daniel to pee.

“Right I’m at the loo now. It’s crazy how bursting I always get right after cumming. The amount of times I’ve dribbled rushing to this bathroom after wanking is unreal. Ok…here goes…”

Ellen rubbed herself in anticipation getting more and more aroused hearing every word Daniel was saying. Knowing it had now been at least 5 minutes since she’d heard him ejaculate she imagined how urgent he must feel the need to go, closing her eyes and picturing him holding his shaking dark penis over a pristine toilet.

“Emmm. Sorry, shy bladder and all that. I am desperate, honestly. Performance anxiety or whatever it’s called. Never done this before you know. In my family you daren’t ever even mention you have to pee let alone ever let anyone hear you or see you go. Oh God I’m dying to piss! Truly I am. It’s just not for coming!”

There was something about Daniel’s vulnerability, his nervousness and anxiety that really seemed to ramp up Ellen’s desires as her fingers squelched loudly as they slid in and out harder and faster.

“Mmmm. Is your bladder hard honey like it was on the boat earlier today?”

“Yes! Seriously it’s rock hard and aching!”

“And is your dick tingling like it’s screaming for release?”

“God yes! The head is tickling and all moist and warm too. It’s still all sticky from earlier too. I need to shower but I can’t because as soon as I turn the shower on I’ll piss myself!”

“Is that gorgeous dark dick of yours trembling too?”

“YES! It’s rising and falling all on its own if I let it go. I need to piss like you wouldn’t believe!”

Listening to Daniel and picturing easily him standing struggling in front of a toilet Ellen wished with all her heart that she was right beside him hugging him from behind, nibbling his neck and fondling his bottom. Even more so she yearned to reach out and touch his throbbing aching penis feeling the warm urine surge through it as she aimed it where it needed to go. Letting her thumb rub her g spot as her fingers slid quicker and quicker in and out she wished she could afford a vibrator so badly as she reminded herself how incredible it felt having Daniel’s thick long manhood inside her. Her mouth open and shaking and her head leaning back she felt the sudden climax overpower her right as Daniel practically shouted down the phone.

“YES! Fuck this feels amazing. You have no idea how incredible I feel right now baby. Can you hear it? Oh what a relief!”

Her face red and her thick brown hair mangled and matted with sweat Ellen had to take a moment to calm as she smiled widely hearing Daniel peeing. Lying on her side on her bed with her bottom half naked she caught sight of her knickers and pyjama shorts on the carpet. She’d just masturbated herself while on the phone to a man who she only slept with for the first time the day before. That was a first, but something she wouldn’t mind repeating again some time soon.

“Well you sure had to go even if you did struggle to start. Thanks for letting me hear. I thoroughly enjoyed that! I’ll let you go now. See you tomorrow at half 11 at the reception desk. Oh and sleep well my friend. We have a busy few weeks ahead.”

“You too. And Ellen….thanks again. You are so hot you know that?”

“Thank you. Night Daniel.”

“Night Ellen.”

*145*2023-07-17 22:25

Daniel’s breakthrough

Daniel listened intently as Ellen carried on chatting as he heard her footsteps as she was presumably going upstairs. Amazed to hear that she hadn’t yet been to the loo even once since she’d burst all over him in the meeting room on the ship he glanced at his watch as he did a quick mental calculation, shocked to realise just how long ago that was. The more he got to know Ellen Hemmingdale the hotter she seemed to get! Imagining spending an evening with her as she allowed her bladder to keep filling for hours made him shiver. Only just coming down from his sexual climax still and with his penis still very sticky from his semen release he felt his penis go half hard again as if trying to reawaken as Ellen explained why she’d held so long whilst already sitting on the toilet.

When Ellen asked again if he wanted to hear her wee Daniel gulped and pinched himself to check he wasn’t dreaming. He’d never met a woman so open about her toileting needs and she enthusiastic about sharing. Knowing how horrified his mother would be he felt a twinge of guilt but the thrill of the experience was way too enticing to miss out on as he heard for the second time in less than a week Ellen releasing her bladder while he was on the phone to her. 

The last time had been incredible, awesome, marvellous even, but it had been unplanned and accidental, which while thrilling also left a slight ill feeling to Daniel as if he’d somehow deceived Ellen because she hadn’t known he could hear. This time was different, exciting, sexual and consensual giving it even more of an edge as Daniel savoured every last sound of Ellen’s strong and long release. In awe that someone could hold so much he found himself empathising a little too much with her previous need as the sound of Ellen peeing then washing her hands sent urgent urges through his body as he gripped his penis urgently.

Now needing off the phone NOW Daniel was just about to hang up and sprint to his downstairs loo when Ellen asked shyly but politely if she could hear him go. Embarrassed and surprised Daniel longed to scream no but that felt so wrong and unfair given what he’d just asked Ellen to do for him. He’d never ever peed with an audience, not ever in a public urinal or at home or at work. The very thought of someone, anyone, seeing him or hearing him seemed wrong especially given his prim upbringing but given Ellen had been so accommodating of his desires he desperately wanted to please her. Surely given how desperate he was it wouldn’t be an issue?

Abandoning his computer and racing to his downstairs loo he tried chatting to Ellen about times he’d cum then had to pee urgently like he did right now hoping this would relax his mind and body enough to forget someone was listening to his urination. Now standing in front of his spotless small downstairs loo he held his desperate dick out and aimed. Taking a deep breath he loosened his grip anticipating release but nothing happened. Ashamed and embarrassed he felt he had to apologise to Ellen for fear she might think he didn’t need to go at all. Trying to force himself to relax he closed his eyes and tried releasing again but yet again not a drop even leaked. Dancing from four to foot in sheer desperation Daniel was getting frustrated with his body though Ellen seemed patient, aroused even, by the delay. Listening to her questions he rubbed his hard bladder, described how his penis felt and shared how it was moving.

Ellen’s tone of voice and detailed questions, coupled with the noises he could just make out on the other end of the call made him smile as it now occurred to him that a beautiful large curvy lady was clearly gaining pleasure from his predicament. Forcing his legs to know stand still he closed his eyes thinking of Ellen as he wondered how she’d feel if he did his business all over her scrumptious large breasts and sweet chubby toes.

Suddenly, with absolutely no warning, he felt warmth rising from his lower body as his penis rose and shuddered of its own doing before spurting out warm urine which only just avoided splashing the toilet seat. Opening his eyes now to aim and hold his dick to avoid making a mess he yelled louder than he planned to as at last his body freed itself from its stress and tension as a long solid stream of warm piss arched out his penis into the white toilet as he steadied himself by moving his feet wider apart, finally relaxing fully as his bladder continued to empty.

Looking at his iPhone sitting on the top of the loo Daniel washed his hands then picked it up feeling suddenly exhausted but content. Ellen too seemed somehow satisfied as they ended the call as Daniel placed the phone back on top of the toilet as he turned on his shower. Washing his body and hair Daniel hummed to himself joyfully feeling like he had just won the lottery.

Still feeling high, happy and full of life he checked through his PowerPoint one more time before closing his computer, having a glass of water and heading to bed. He still had the biggest to do list he’d ever faced but tomorrow he’d get to see the incredible sexy Ellen yet again, even if it was just in a work capacity and not alone. Just hearing her voice and being around her right now made him feel the luckiest man alive.

*147*2023-07-18 22:45

The 1st meeting

Ellen signed herself onto the Adventurer II bang on 8am as her brain spun with things needing to be done. Turning on her allocated computer while all around residents of the cruise ship busied themselves having breakfast in the dining hall, getting ready to go out to work or education or just generally going about their business, no-one batted an eyelid seeing Ellen working as they were so accustomed to various staff and organisations working all around them. Taking a moment to people watch Ellen felt her eyes filling knowing that by the end of the day every person on board the ship would be digesting the news that they were moving. Recalling the emotions when just one family moved on Ellen sensed the enormity of the moment as she pressed print for 30 basic notices to be pinned around the ship. Firing off emails while she waited on the printer doing its job her stomach somersaulted with nerves.

Walking around the main deck Ellen lightly tacked the notices up in prominent places as people moved all around her, a few saying hello or stopping to read the notice but none doing more than that. These were people used to things being discussed without them involved, used to being the last to know, used to business carrying on while they lived their lives as best they could in what was a very temporary strange environment to live in. With the notices all stuck up Ellen walked back into the main canteen where she saw Ruslana and Nadia quietly eating toast tucked away in a corner. Making herself a cuppa from the buffet she headed over to see them to check how their first night back on the ship had been.

Putting her now empty mug on a tray in the area for finished plates and cups Ellen sat back in her designated work area to check her emails. As predicted her inbox was piling high quickly from curious people regarding the meeting and those who could and couldn't make it. Deciding to take a note of the ones who wouldn’t make it due to the short notice she planned to email a confidential copy of the PowerPoint to them as soon as the meeting finished. Focussed fully on reading yet another email she hadn’t noticed Celine standing right in front of her.

“Someone’s keen this morning. So you seen the notices? What have I missed then? Come on then, spill…”

“You checked your emails? All will be revealed at lunch time but it’s well worth the wait.”

“Ah so that’s what you and that housing officer were up to yesterday afternoon. So do I get a snippet of your secret or what?

Ellen blushed thinking back to yesterday’s meeting and wondering if her friend had any idea what they had really got up to.

“It’s…well it’s good news. Just make sure you’re there.”

“I will, don’t worry about that. So…any further thoughts on my storage problems? You know the fact that by the end of this month I will have a warehouse full of brand new ex-display and end of line furniture and nowhere to store it. You have no idea how much this is stressing me. I even had a dream about beds and wardrobes marching towards me like robots! Don’t laugh Ellen. It was shit scary to be honest.”

“I bet it was. But marching robot furniture? You crack me up!”

Just then Ellen’s mobile rang as Celine waved her hand to acknowledge it and made her departure promptly. Ellen checked the screen to see it was Daniel and her heart skipped.

“Hi! How’s your morning going?”

“Manic! Just a quick question for you. If I have a video on my phone would it play on the big screen in the theatre if I send it via the WiFi?”

“I assume so. Why?”

“Ah you’ll find out later. It’ll be a nice surprise.”

“You’ve got me all intrigued now. Anyway I’ve emailed every organisation I can think of and put notices all round the boat. Judging by my replies so far I think we should have a decent turn out at lunch time.”

“Great! See you soon Ellen.”

Ellen kept herself busy until she noticed it was almost 11:30. Making her way towards the reception she noticed Daniel walking up the gantry into the ship looking stunning in his grey suit and crisp black shirt. Smiling at him as he signed in she walked towards the lift to wait for him. They weren’t alone in the lift so Ellen just made small talk as they walked towards the theatre on the second floor. Pushing the door Daniel was surprised to find it unlocked as Ellen switched on the lights to reveal a large theatre with plush seats, a stage and massive dark curtains which had been drawn tight as if used as a projector screen. Walking towards the podium Daniel smiled at Ellen who was walking up a flight of chairs as it looking for something.

“If you’re looking for instructions for hooking up my laptop they are here.”

Daniel followed the instructions and before long the screen of his laptop was glaring back at them both from the huge curtains. Dimming the lights Ellen watched as Daniel clicked for the first PowerPoint slide which worked perfectly. Now standing in touching distance of Daniel Ellen longed to reach out and touch him, kiss him, hold him but just then the first group of people walked into the theatre excitedly.

Waiting until exactly 12 Ellen clapped her hands to get quiet before thanking everyone for coming at such short notice and saying how much she valued every one of them. Then handing over to Daniel she watched as he confidently went through each slide talking amicably and enthusiastically about Tulloch Court in Dundee and how it was such a great opportunity for every single resident of the Adventurer II to secure a permanent place to call home. Getting to the final slide Ellen smiled recognising so much of the wording from their phone conversation the night before. Winking at Celine who looked like she might actually pop with excitement Ellen felt emotional and proud all at once. Sure she might not have been keen on the idea just last week but now she’d seen the tower block herself she could see the possibilities and Daniel was right that there was no way they would actually find accommodation for everyone in Glasgow in just three weeks time so there wasn’t much choice.

Ellen was just waiting for Daniel to open up for questions when he paused and turned the laptop off. With his quiet but confident and trustworthy voice echoing slightly in the huge theatre he seemed nervous as he reached into his pocket for his phone.

“So, just before I open up for any questions I wanted to show you all this. I contacted the contractors this morning to get an update on progress explaining about todays meeting and just how many organisations and groups were coming together to help and he sent me this. I hope this works but here goes.”

Ellen waited in silence with everyone else as Daniel pressed things on his phone before turning to look up at the curtain screen behind him. On it the opening screen of a video showed as Daniel pressed something else on his phone and the video started. It was only 4 and a half minutes long but Ellen was amazed as the whole theatre fell silent as a gruff male voice with a string Dundee accent did a guided toor or one of the three bedroom flats for all to see. With it’s freshly painted walls, new carpets, sparkling bathrooms and gorgeous fully fitted kitchen the flat could easily have come straight from an estate agents website.

As the video ended Daniel turned back to the audience made up of voluntary sector employees, government groups, translators and volunteers all of whom had a vested interest and offered support in some way to the residents on the cruise ship. Ellen turned the lights back up looking around the room. A few were crying, Celine included, and one lone person was standing and slowly clapping. Before she could even gain her own composure that single person was joined by another, then another, then more, as slowly the entire room stood clapping tearfully all caught up in the emotion like she was.

Slowly seeing everyone sitting down again Ellen moved to join Daniel at the front as hands were raised and questions asked. Answering them together as best they could Ellen eventually closed the meeting by asking anyone who felt they could help to email herself with what they felt they could do ideally by the end of the week. Before leaving she reminded everyone that the residents would not hear the news until tonight so asked them all to respect them and not say until they heard directly themselves. Ellen knew this was a huge ask but it was the only fair way for the refugees, the people they were all here to help and support.

*149*2023-07-19 12:51

{{4 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

You know, even aside from the omo content (which is awesome btw !) I am now totally hooked on the story of how the refugees are being rehoused. If only this sort of cooperation happened irl.

}}

Yes absolutely if only. Thank you for your comment by the way. I am very invested in this story too and the characters. I hadn’t meant it to be quite so topical when I started too!

*150*2023-07-19 21:51

Preparing for the 2nd meeting

Daniel woke refreshed and raring to go. After a quick shower and breakfast he had a more leisurely coffee while ironing his favourite black shirt. Excited about seeing Ellen again and finally being able to share more about Operation New Adventure, as Ellen so affectionately named it, he finished ironing his shirt and put the iron away. Deciding to work from home to save any unwelcome distractions at the office on such an important day he turned on his laptop and emailed his boss still standing in his boxer shorts with a mug of coffee in his hand.

Hanging up his shirt to keep it clean until he had to go out he placed his coffee on the dining table and ran upstairs to put on some gym shorts checking himself in the full length mirror as he did. Running his hand through his hair he smiled back at his reflection hoping Ellen would like what he was seeing. Back downstairs he finished his coffee while reading through the PowerPoint for the final time copying and pasting and inserting a different final slide for the evening presentation. Saving both again he then spent the morning emailing Keith in Dundee back and forwards making sure the tendency agreements were all correct and finalising rent payments. This latter matter wasn’t something Daniel felt he wanted to include in the PowerPoint just yet knowing that for the duration of their stay not one of the cruise ship residents had been paying to live on the ship, the cost entirely covered by the tax payer via central government.

One of the many things Daniel was keen to know from Keith was an update on how the renovation of Tulloch Court was coming on. Granted it had only been two days since he was there himself but with less than three weeks to go every day mattered and Daniel knew that he would be questioned by both the groups and the residents on wether every flat would be ready on time. Keith had a meeting to attend though but he thankfully gave Daniel permission to call the project manager on site himself which Daniel did right away. The rough older male who answered the phone came across as smart, understanding and compassionate as Daniel explained about the presentations and asked how work was progressing. Listing how many people were now on the job, how many floors were now complete and enthusiastically outlining about new electrics, fire alarms and so forth the man then paused.

“Hey, I’m actually in one of the completed flats right now doing some final checks. Are you in WhatsApp? I’ll make a wee video of this flat if you’d like then you can show it at the meeting. It’s always better to see rather than just hear about stuff don’t you reckon?”

Thinking this would let him see for himself just how things were progressing Daniel readily agreed adding the number onto WhatsApp while he waited. Less than ten minutes later he was watching a video on his phone getting more and more excited. Calling Ellen to check he could show a video in the ship’s theatre he deliberately didn’t tell her why, looking forward to seeing her face when she watched the video on a big screen.

Ellen looked every bit as radiant as Daniel remembered her when he arrived sharp at midday on the cruise ship. Finding the theatre unlocked and clear instructions for set up it wasn’t until the room filled with people Daniel vaguely recognised from his times on the cruise that his nerves started kicking in. Wondering how to get everyone’s attention he was delighted when Ellen automatically managed it in her usual professional but personal style. The presentation went smoother and better than Daniel ever imagined it could as the hall fell silent throughout the video which played perfectly.

A lone clap afterwards caught Daniel by surprise but the standing ovation that followed blew him away. Here were national and local charities, local government and volunteers from all walks of life standing as one celebrating the fact that every single person they were supporting and working with would now finally be moving to a secure permanent home within weeks. Not normally emotional Daniel found his eyes watering as he looked over at Ellen who was hugging one person he did know, Celine Perez.

The questions were as expected and Daniel was thrilled when Ellen joined him at the front to help answer them. As Ellen closed the meeting, noticing the time, Daniel couldn’t help but stare at Ellen as she stood at the door excitedly as she appeared to know everyone by name making sure they all knew her email. She was an extraordinary amazing woman who he admired and respected so much.

Heading behind Ellen towards the reception Daniel was about to sign out when Ellen grabbed his arm and invited him to stay on the ship for lunch.

Daniel had never actually eaten on the ship, other than the odd biscuit offered during meetings, but he turned to follow Ellen happily, still high from the meeting. Opting for a large coffee and a hot roll he sat opposite Ellen near the centre in the busy restaurant with the buzz of so many people around him. He’d far rather be eating alone with Ellen but it was still exciting hearing whispers and hushed conversations all about what he’d just presented on. Ellen’s eyes gleamed with hope and enthusiasm as Daniel wished he could kiss her and run his fingers through her hair.

Daniel had planned to return home to work that afternoon but Ellen was keen for him to stay as they sat together in a public area at Ellen’s work station as they emailed the PowerPoint and video to those who hadn’t made the meeting, read emails pouring in offering help and various services, and helped themselves to more tea and coffee. Daniel confirmed the translator for the 6pm meeting, paid for by the council, and double checked back to the minutes of Thursdays’s meeting which had been emailed out on Monday so he had accurate figures for the relocation fund provided by the government. By 4:30 the public area was bustling with people as children returned from school and residents began coming in and out for work or heading to the canteen for food.

Daniel looked at Ellen who was now standing talking to someone moving constantly as she did so. Neither of them had so much as had a bathroom break all afternoon as Daniel recognised the signs in Ellen easily, even more so because he felt exactly the same way himself. The next presentation was in just 90 minutes as he closed his laptop and waited to say goodbye to Ellen so he could make a quick trip back home to quickly eat and pee before returning. If only she’d just stop talking!

*151*2023-07-20 22:36

Pre meeting stress relief

Ellen stood at the door of the theatre feeling the emotion, excitement and elation of those walking past her. Smiles, hand shakes and multiple hugs epitomised the mood of those she now counted as friends much more than colleagues. From the initial stress and anticipation watching the empty cruise arrive in port over a year ago now to the daily grind and pressure of struggling to communicate with tired, traumatised families and individuals who mostly knew little to no English, to making sure all the children of school age had a local placement, to helping hundreds and hundreds move on, they had experienced every emotion possible, and now after the intense strain of a looming deadline here they were united in relief and joy at a suitable end in sight despite how far away the tower block was.

As the last person left Ellen turned to see Daniel behind her with his laptop bag in his hand smiling right at her. Surely he felt proud of what he’d just done? Longing to hug him but afraid of being seen she simply smiled back as they walked towards the lifts and headed back to the main deck. The public atrium was loud and busy with groups talking, people going in all directions and the smell of food wafting all around. Ellen had just got her bearings as she noticed Daniel about to leave. Not wanting to see him go she invited him to stay for lunch, which inevitably ended up being the rest of the afternoon too as they worked through emails and offers of help together for hours while drinking tea and coffee.

Ellen wasn’t sure of the time exactly when Aran from the Scottish Refugee Council came over to have a word with her but what she did know was that she really needed to excuse herself as the mugs of tea all afternoon sloshed around uneasily in her bladder desperately needing out. Trying to be as discreet as possible despite really having to wee she moved from foot to foot and squeezed her sphincter muscles tightly. It felt like Aran was never going but finally he excused himself as his mobile rang, much to Ellen’s relief, as she turned quickly back to Daniel and sat down restlessly closing her computer down while muttering to herself.

“Sheesh I need a wee. Hurry up and shut down will you!”

Temporarily forgetting Daniel was right beside her she turned suddenly as he spoke quietly. Seeing his pained expression she recognised it immediately as his words only confirmed what her eyes had told her.

“I really need to go home for a bit Ellen. I promise I’ll be back well before 6.”

Wriggling a little closer but acutely aware of being in a busy public area, Ellen leaned closer to Daniel and spoke in a whisper.

“Are you needing home to wee?”

“I was…going to get a quick bite to eat.”

Ellen nodded knowing full well Daniel wasn’t just wanting his dinner. With just an hour and twenty minutes now until the meeting with the refugees she much preferred Daniel to stay on the ship, worried about rush hour city traffic causing him to possibly be late back never mind the fact she’d miss him dreadfully. Sliding a hand under the table and onto his upper leg whist putting her stuff into her handbag with the other she nodded towards the canteen just across the atrium.

“You know the meals here are actually very good. I’ve only had dinner once or twice but it was always delicious and there’s plenty variety. It’s one of the few perks of working on here. You could stay and have dinner with me if you wanted?”

“I…I….I have food at home though.”

Shutting her handbag and slipping her free hand onto her own thigh as she rubbed her upper leg bursting for the toilet so much she sighed quietly.

“Then I won’t stop you but if you need…whatever…even half as much as I do right now then I wouldn’t fancy negotiating rush hour Glasgow traffic that’s for sure.”

Realising her own need was now greater than her desire to tease Daniel Ellen stood up sliding her handbag over her shoulder as she walked towards reception and the toilets right by the main lifts. Hearing Daniel right behind her she didn’t stop until she reached the reception sign in desk. Pausing for less than a minute, which was as much as her desperate body could handle, she looked at Daniel who now had the sign in pen in his hand before turning and walking briskly towards the ladies by the lift. Ellen was just steps away from pushing the door to the toilets open when she felt a hand on her shoulder. Turning she saw Daniel’s chest as she raised her eyes to look right into his.

“Ok you’re right, but it’s so busy I just can’t use these ones. Is there anywhere quieter we could go?

Turning sideways Ellen took a few steps and pressed the lift button biting her lip hoping her bladder could hold just a few more minutes. Watching the numbers change above the lift Ellen willed it to hurry as she moved from foot to foot impatiently. So focussed on her own predicament it wasn’t until they stepped into an empty lift that Ellen dared look at Daniel. With his laptop bag held suspiciously in front of his crotch Ellen wondered just what was hiding behind it. Jiggling around longing for the lift to reach the 2nd floor Ellen moaned under her breath while Daniel stood silently staring at the wall with his whole face taut and his body stiff. As the lift doors opened Ellen walked along the corridor towards the theatre again, walking right past it and beyond the desk where leisure activities were booked, taking a sudden right turn then stopping while Daniel caught up.

“I found this by accident one day. Long story short but suffice to say I would never have made it back downstairs that day. Anyway I don’t think many know about this so you’ll be fine. You don’t mind if I go first though do you…it’s just I honestly can’t wait any longer.”

Ellen glanced at Daniel whose eyes looked tearful and urgent. Sliding his laptop bag away quickly Ellen could see a small wet area on his crotch the size of a coin.

“Neither can I!”

Ellen pulled the single cubicle door open as she stepped in pulling Daniel in too. Quickly locking the door behind her she pulled her leggings and knickers down almost knocking Daniel over as he dropped his laptop case and gripped his crotch urgently. Hobbling to the single toilet Ellen opened her legs wide as she stride over the toilet without sitting down. Beckoning Daniel over with a nod of her head she watched as Daniel unzipped his trousers and pulled out his black throbbing dick urgently.

Daniel hadn’t even made it to the toilet when Ellen could hold back no longer as her urine flow started fiercely and violently as Daniel gasped and stepped forwards aiming his penis into the toilet as low as possibly to avoid splashing Ellen. Surprisingly as he let his grip ease over the tip he was shocked to see urine dribble then spurt out before forming a steady stream as he stared at Ellen’s exposed vagina as it dripped with warm liquid. His entire mind and body was feeling tortured being so close to Ellen for so long yet unable to pursue his wishes and desires because they were in public. Now alone Daniel used his free hand to tilt Ellen’s chin up just a fraction as he bend down and lowered his head so he could kiss Ellen. Still peeing and with Ellen still straddling the toilet the kiss was just a soft meeting of their lips but it was enough for both of them to want so much more.

Finishing their very needed business they both washed their hands and sorted their clothing but neither was in any particular hurry to leave the cubicle as Daniel drew Ellen into his arms and held her tightly.

“I’ve been longing to hold you and touch you since I arrived here at 11:30. You were amazing in that meeting Ellen and I couldn’t do this without you. You are one very very special woman and good gracious you are hot as hell. If it wasn’t for the fact we had to be somewhere very soon I’d….”

Ellen didn’t let Daniel finish as she stood on her tiptoes and let their lips meet once again, this time with both of them much more comfortable they were able to give in to the depth of feeling and desire they clearly had for each other as Daniel’s arms reached down Ellen’s back to her sizeable bottom as he explored her clothed body rabidly through her clothed larger body.

