The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 20

Author: Mbgpeelover

*475*2024-06-15 23:22

Ellen updates Daniel on the big move

Hearing Daniel turn the shower on Ellen was thrilled to be invited in with him as she took his hand and stepped under the hot water, already feeling refreshed and invigorated. Showering her body and washing her hair she let Daniel step out while she rinsed her thick wavy hair before taking his hand to help her out. Drying themselves side by side Ellen was already looking forward to eating as soon as possible. Hearing her stomach rumble she pulled on some clean pants then plugged in the hairdryer to start drying her hair. Turning to see Daniel wearing just his boxers and pulling a house coat out of the wardrobe she smiled happily. It felt so liberating seeing him so relaxed around her. Agreeing to a cuppa she set about drying her bushy hair as fast as she could then slipped into her only nightwear and headed downstairs to the kitchen.

Seeing Daniel standing facing the kettle staring into space she threw her arms around him from behind and asked him if he was ok. Hearing that he was actually thinking of the refugees and wondering how they were getting on in Dundee Ellen felt it was time to finally tell him about her day. Moving over to the dining table she sat in her now usual seat as Daniel slid a mug of tea over made exactly the way she liked it. Starting with Keith and the despicable way he treated the refugees by locking himself in a flat to do media work whilst leaving the new arrivals all alone outside, to how he hadn’t even unlocked several floors of apartments, to the way he was delaying the new arrivals even when it was obvious they just wanted their keys and to be left alone to settle in Ellen told Daniel everything.

Moving on to tell him all about meeting Dmitro and Tetyana’s midwife and how disgusted she was with their lack of furniture and baby goods Ellen found herself unable to stop as she shared more about Nadia starting school and Ruslana actually allowing someone from Jack’s church to befriend her. There was so much to tell that even when Daniel paused to get their food out he oven she still felt she had so much more to share.

Finally when she felt she’d updated him on all she could remember she looked up from her dinner feeling slightly guilty for not asking about Daniel’s day. Already aware of his job situation from his earlier texts she asked him more about his meeting with his boss. Listening carefully to his concerns, and being fully aware of how rough Possilpark really was, Ellen was curious what solution Daniel might be thinking of. Not at all agreeing with his mum’s advice, she took on board Daniel’s legitimate worries as they talked about his options and she went on to then say that she’d finally decided to end her tenancy on her fire damaged flat at Crossloan Terrace. Seeing Daniel nod she felt such a relief that she could soon close that memory for good.

Things moved on naturally as they then talked together about Ellen’s training the following week and how Daniel planned to come too. Ellen was thrilled by this, even if they wouldn’t be together for much of the time. Just knowing Daniel would be waiting in their hotel room for her afterwards meant so much to her. Before then though she had so much to do as she listed some of them to Daniel as he nodded in all the right places. It had been such a long day and Ellen found herself yawning as she sipped at her water and nibbled at a biscuit.

“I know it’s not that late Daniel but do you mind if I head up to bed now?”

“Of course not darling. I’ll be joining you soon. I think we could both do with a good nights sleep.”

Having a final wee before bed in the ensuite before tucking herself under the duvet Ellen was just starting to drift to sleep when she heard Daniel joining her. Rolling over to wrap her arms around his back she snuggled into his warm body and drifted contentedly off to sleep. Waking up to Daniel bringing her a very welcome cuppa she sat up in bed smiling at him while rubbing her eyes.

“So I know you said you had a lot to do today Ellen. I was just wondering if you’d prefer to get on with things yourself or if you’d like company? I have a few things I’d like to do myself today but I can fit them around other things if need be.”

“That’s very kind of you Daniel. If it’s ok with you I think I’ll start with all the admin stuff; Like notifying my landlord, getting my mail redirected, looking at what jobs are about just now and changing my address on things like my car insurance and drivers license. I really should have done that all last week but what with work I just never seemed to get time. Then this afternoon I was hoping to drive into the city to the Crisis shop to speak to Margot. Is that ok with you?”

Seeing Daniel nod Ellen sipped at her tea as he gently stroked her arm and smiled at her.

“I’ll pop across to Morrisons later this morning then to pick up some bits we need then if you don’t need a lift to the shop I’ll do some work on my car. I usually wash it and check it over every weekend but with us driving to Dundee last Sunday I never got the chance to do it then. Would you be ok moving your car so I can get mine into the garage incase in rains later?”

“Of course. I’ll move it as soon as I’m dressed for you. I might chance driving to the city today and hope I can park in the loading area at the back. I don’t plan on staying long so I should be ok.”

“Perfect. I’ll leave you to it. What would you prefer for breakfast this morning? There’s some porridge sachets or I can make some french toast if you’d like?”

“French toast sounds amazing. Thank you.”

Finishing her tea while watching Daniel leave Ellen looked around the room still feeling amazed that she was living in such a beautiful house. It was a far cry from her flat in Govan and even further from the many living room sofas she’d slept on for months or the warehouse floor she slept rough on when things were at their worst. She owed so much to Daniel for all he was doing for her but equally she still deep down longed for a place of her own. Thinking about all the refugees she was missing deeply, and who she regarding as friends rather than clients, she slipped out from under the duvet, walked to the ensuite for a much needed wee then jumped in the shower, already looking forward to her French toast and seeing Margot later in the day. Already knowing she’d get emotional telling her about the possibility of moving she dried herself and dabbed at her face then immediately paused.

Even the towel she was using to dry her body didn’t belong to her. As blessed as she was that Daniel was so generous with his belongings she couldn’t wait for the day that she could buy her own towels once again and feel a pride in working and earning to make herself feel worthy. Today was her first day of being unemployed and she was determined to use it wisely. She had a lot to achieve and it was time she had breakfast and got started.

&&

*479*2024-06-18 23:16

Daniel gets a surprise call from his boss

As Daniel listened to Ellen talking about her plans for the rest of the week he gazed at her beautiful face wondering how he’d ever lived without her. Taking her now empty glass off her as she headed up to bed he willingly washed up and tidied the kitchen feeling so immensely blessed to have such a wonderful woman in his life. Heading upstairs not long after Ellen he felt a little tearful with emotion seeing her sleeping so peacefully in the bed. Climbing carefully and slowly into the bed beside her his heart almost burst when he felt Ellen roll over and wrap her arms around his back. How had he managed to ever go to sleep alone now knowing how wonderful it felt to have a beautiful woman lying cuddling him? Closing his eyes he thanked Allah in his mind before drifting to sleep happily and easily.

Waking up before his Alexa he turned the alarm off and slid out the bed trying hard not to disturb Ellen. Opting to use the small downstairs loo so as not to wake her with the flush he crept downstairs for his much needed morning pee then set about his usual morning routine automatically forgetting for once that he didn’t have work. Using the family bathroom at the top of the stairs, once again to hopefully avoid waking Ellen, he had a quick shower and slipped on some fresh clothes. Feeling much more awake he returned to the kitchen to make them both a cuppa. Taking them both upstairs he stroked Ellen’s face gently to wake her then pointed to her tea.

It was so lovely to just chat so easily and without time restraints for once as they talked about their plans for the day ahead like they’d been married for decades and not just been together two and a half weeks. Happy with their arrangements Daniel took the remains of his coffee downstairs to make a start on breakfast, already looking forward to seeing Ellen when she returned downstairs. Calling up to say the French toast was ready Daniel gasped audibly seeing Ellen appear at the top of the stairs with just her bra and knickers on.

“I’ll just be a minute honey. Thanks.”

With the image of a half dressed Ellen now ingrained on his mind Daniel struggled to focus back on the food on the table as his hormones surged and his penis swelled. Taking a long sip of his fresh coffee to calm down he was sweating by the time Ellen entered the room, this time fully dressed. Immediately sitting down and eating her French toast Daniel smiled at her as he took his own first bite.

“Is it still hot enough?”

“It’s delicious. Thank you!”

Finishing his own food now and consuming his coffee Daniel collected the dishes together, washed them all then dried his hands on a tea towel.

“I’ll leave you to it for a bit then. You’ve got the WiFi password haven’t you? Text me if you need me. I’ll only be across at the supermarket.”

Putting his coat on guessing it would be another chilly October morning Daniel kissed Ellen on the forehead and left via the back door. Walking down the side of his house he then crossed the road and walked the short distance to Morrisons, glad to see the clearly marked pedestrian crossing enabling him to safely walk through the busy car park. Choosing a trolley rather than his usual basket he began wandering around putting in various items not even thinking twice about the cost. Choosing some flowers and chocolates for Ellen too he was already looking forward to getting back to see her again hoping she was getting on ok with her admin duties when he felt his phone vibrating in his pocket. Pulling it out to answer he sighed to himself on seeing his bosses number on the screen.

“Morning Daniel. Just a quick call to say Human Resources have approved your annual leave, though they added a note for me to remind you of the normal notice period in future. I also dropped an email yesterday to Ian Barr who has been seconded to Possilpark as a housing officer. It was just incase you wanted to maybe meet up and talk to him about the area or anything? He got back to me first thing saying he’d be happy to meet you later this morning if you’re free. He’ll be at the Clay cafe inside Clay community church at 206 Bardowie Street around 11:30 if you can make it. I said I’d pass it on to you but I didn’t know if you already had plans. This is such a great opportunity for you Daniel. I need to go as I have a meeting to attend. I’ll get my secretary to email you over the cafe details ok. Bye.”

Frustrated at the intrusion to his shopping trip Daniel put his phone back in his pocket and continued on to the tills. Carrying his shopping back home he really wasn’t sure wether to go to meet Ian or not as he tried to imagine himself working from home and spending long periods alone in a rough area of Glasgow feeling especially vulnerable due to his skin colour. Pleased to see Ellen at her laptop sitting at the dining table in the kitchen he was encouraged by her immediate action in getting up to help him with the bags. Smiling at her and handing her the flowers and chocolate he hoped she’d managed to achieve what she’d wanted to.

“So how did you get on?”

“Really well thanks. I’ve emailed my landlord my notice but I actually called him too and he’s been surprisingly understanding. His insurance company are dealing with everything but it’s unlikely the flat will be refurbished and it looks like they’ll be a compulsory purchase order from the council at some point then the block will be demolished. He’s going to enquire about getting my deposit back to me as soon as possible too so that’s a positive. I’ve set up a redirection on my mail to here for now, changed my car insurance address to here and notified dvla about my address here for my car. Seemingly I need to go to the post office to change the address on my drivers licence so I’ll do that when I’m in the city later. How was the supermarket? Oh and these are lovely. Thank you.”

“That sounds like a very productive morning so far. Morrisons was fine, though I did get a call from Archie while I was there.”

“Your boss?”

“The very man. My annual leave is approved so that’s something but now he wants me to meet up with someone in Possilpark later this morning to talk about this new position he wants me to do.”

“So are you going? When is it?”

“It’s in a community cafe in Possil apparently at 11:30. I haven’t made up my mind yet to be honest with you.”

“Wow. Archie’s really pulling out all the stops on this one. So much for you supposed to be on annual leave eh. I can come with you if you’d like? It’s not that far from the city is it? I mean I know it’s pretty rough but it’s only across the river. Maybe having a wee drive around will help you know what you want more.”

“I suppose. I’ve just bought some stuff to cook for our lunch though.”

“We can have it later? I mean if we drive around and feel scared to park the car or get threatened with a knife or something I suppose we could just drive home. Nothing ventured nothing gained and all that?”

“I suppose. Though I really don’t want to work there ok?”

“I know.”

*480*2024-06-20 00:26

Home made soup in Possilpark

Heading downstairs and through the lounge to the kitchen at the rear of the house Ellen could already smell the French toast and freshly made coffee. Seeing the food ready she sat at the dining table and started eating right away. For someone who never cooked his own dinners Daniel made a mean breakfast and Ellen was so grateful for every mouthful. Sliding the empty mug and plate to Daniel and chatting to him while he washed the dishes Ellen blushed when Daniel walked over to her and kissed her fondly on the forehead before reaching for his coat and saying his goodbyes.

Anxious to get on she fetched her laptop and set it up at the dining table making herself another mug of tea to help her relax. Writing herself a list of everywhere she could think of that needed informed of her move she worked through the list emailing her landlord, filling in online forms to redirect her mail, following the process to update her car registration document with DVLA on their website, calling her utility companies to explain what happened and close her accounts and then researching how to update her driving licence.

Drinking her tea to keep herself focussed Ellen was just looking up the list of post offices in Glasgow where she could sort her licence still when her mobile buzzed with a call. Not recognising the number she was surprised to hear from her landlord who had already received her email. Discussing with him about her change of heart to no longer want to return to the flat after it was potentially refurbished she was taken aback at how pleasant and accommodating her ex landlord was being as he updated her on what was happening to her fire damaged previous address. Amazed to hear she might yet get her deposit back she ended the call feeling much more positive and happy.

Taking the empty mug to the sink to rinse Ellen had just returned to her computer when Daniel arrived back carrying bags of shopping with a big bunch of flowers sticking out of one. Guessing he’d bought them for her Ellen’s mind immediately went back to the beautiful big bouquet he had brought her the day of the fire. It had felt such a waste leaving them there to all burn but they had little choice and there had been so many other things she’d lost of even greater value than the flowers. Updating Daniel on all she’d achieved while he’d been out she assumed his morning had been less eventful and was shocked to hear that in fact he’d had a call from his boss inviting him to meet a colleague in Possilpark that very day.

Thinking on the spot Ellen was already one step ahead remembering that Possilpark was more north of the river than the city centre but being pretty certain that public transport into the city was readily available. Immediately realising that this might save her the stress of trying to park at the Crisis shop when she went to meet with Margot later she nodded as Daniel spoke and encouraged him to think about going. What would he lose from meeting the person? He’d already said he only planned to wash and do some checks on his car but surely that could wait? Already googling community cafes in Possilpark she pointed to the screen as Daniel leaned down and pointed at Clay cafe, which surprisingly was only open two days a week.

Leaving her laptop to help Daniel put away the food he’d brought they continued chatting until Daniel sighed then said he’d go if she came with him. More than happy to get some fresh air Ellen closed down her laptop and checked the time. If they were going to allow for city centre traffic they really needed to be heading out again almost immediately. Grabbing her handbag and reaching into the cupboard for her coat Ellen smiled at Daniel who hadn’t got around to taking his own coat off yet.

“I’ve got directions up on my phone if it’s any good?”

“I’ll just use the car sat nav if you’ve got the postcode? I just hope this is worth it. I don’t see me changing my mind.”

“Neither do I but let’s find out more anyway shall we? Plus if the Dundee job falls through I could always apply for the vacancy myself.”

“What? You wouldn’t work in Possilpark would you? You aren’t serious Ellen?”

“Could you seriously see Archie Waters taking me on? I’m just teasing.”

“Don’t do that to me Ellen. I’d be a nervous wreck even thinking about you going there let alone working there.”

The traffic was lighter than expected and Daniel parked the car easily in the community church car park. Getting out the car together Ellen looked over at Daniel who was staring at the modern building nervously.

“You ok?”

“This is going to sound stupid but I’ve never actually been inside a church. Mosques yes but never a church. You don’t think they’ll refuse me entry or anything?”

Ellen laughed.

“You’ll be fine. Let’s go in shall we?”

Seeing a man dressed in jeans and a casual jumper sitting alone at a table looking at something on his phone Ellen approached him awkwardly putting her arm out while asking if he was Ian. Getting a smile and a firm hand shake in return they joined him at the table and ordered some soup of the day and a hot drink each. Getting past the small talk promptly the conversation moved on quickly as Ian talked about what he did and how long he’d been doing it. He came across as approachable and friendly yet weary at the same time.

“It’s very different now to how it used to be. There’s just no council properties anymore. It’s all private lets with so much demand they just hike the prices up beyond what local folks can afford. Even in an area like this you’ll wait in excess of three years and that’s just for a flat. There’s a lot of animosity and bad feeling too as the more immigrants arrive and the more homeless need emergency accommodation the longer others wait. Then there’s the landlords who look to us to protect them when tenants trash their properties or don’t pay their rent.

One minute you’re fighting to get a young ex addict off the street and into his or her own home then months later you hear from their exasperated landlord with thousands owed to them in rent, neighbours complaining about loud all night parties and strange visitors and then next you’re helping them evict the very person you supported. Then we’re right back to the beginning all over again. Eat and repeat really. I’ve currently got 18 eviction orders from tribunal in my case load all running out with dates in the next two weeks and I have no properties currently available. The hotels are bursting at the seems due to our legal obligations to house everyone presenting as homeless.”

Ellen sipped at the hot soup relating to so much of what the man was saying. She’d been on both sides of the story in recent years from being homeless herself to then working to find accommodation for the refugees. Now feeling even happier that they were all away from Glasgow with the mess of their housing situation currently she nodded and smiled at the tired looking man.

“It’s the same everywhere now isn’t it. They really needed to be building years ago didn’t they? Even starting now it’s way too late. The horse has bolted already and the mess has been made. I worked in head office for nearly 20 years doing this. They seconded me to a project that has just finished and I obviously expected to return there this week but yesterday I met with my boss to discover he wants me sent out here and to be honest with you I’m not happy about it.”

“I don’t blame you. I mean this wee cafe is lovely and the church has recently started a food bank too. The need here is huge. I don’t always feel particularly safe either. Part of me wants to leave but I’m a dad now and my wife is on maternity just now. It’s just not the right time so I’m holding off for now. But it’s thankless and bloody hard work. There used to be an office here years ago. We did drop in advice and support and things were so different then. Now it’s fire fighting and never knowing what you’ll go into next. I’ve families of five sleeping on floors in one bedroom flats because I just have nothing to offer them and when properties do come up I’m getting death threats from people because they don’t agree with who is given it. No one wants to build here either so I don’t see it improving anytime soon.”

“I get that. We’re just the ones in the middle doing what we can in a pretty hopeless situation sadly.”

“Definitely.”

Being interrupted by Ian’s phone Ellen looked at Daniel as they heard Ian answer it. Whoever was calling was loud, angry and aggressive with Ellen feeling like she wanted to take the phone off the man she’d just met and tell the caller to calm down. Despite being polite and professional it was obvious to Ellen the effect such pressure was having on Ian. Feeling awkward Ellen reached over for Daniel’s hand now sensing that they were together on what they were thinking. This really wasn’t what she wanted for Daniel either.

After the call Ian explained almost tearfully why the caller was so angry.

“We’re just left to deal with things like that ourselves. It’s not really Mr Jackson’s fault. I’d feel exactly the same if I was in his situation. His eviction notice ends tomorrow and him and his wife and their two year old twins will need to go into a hostel. I’ve nothing else for them at all but it’s a total dump. It’s totally unsuitable for young children and housing some of our most vulnerable homeless people just now. I’ve had letters from their GP and health visitor and even the MP but what am I meant to do? They won’t apply for another area as they have family here so it’s me getting the abuse. I put the phone on silent sometimes because it just gets all too much.”

“You need to let Head Office know.”

“I have. I think that’s why they want you to join me.”

“Oh. That’s not going to solve things though will it?”

“No.”

“I really appreciate your time Ian and especially your honesty. Unfortunately this has just confirmed to me though that I’m not going to accept this. I really hope things improve and you get the support you deserve. Let me pay for lunch please. It’s the least I can do.”

Seeing the disappointed on Ian’s face Ellen looked over at Daniel who was standing at the till paying the bill. Waiting for him to come back she felt awkward and sad. Daniel was right though. This definitely wasn’t for him. They needed to leave. Hopefully she wouldn’t need to wait long for a bus. The sooner she was out of Posdilpark the better!

*481*2024-06-21 00:02

Daniel has a big decision to make

Reluctantly resigning himself to a trip to Possilpark Daniel looked over at the screen on Ellen’s laptop to see she was already searching for cafes in the area. Pointing silently to Clay cafe still feeling rail rolled into going against his better judgement he began putting the shopping away grateful at least for Ellen’s help. She seemed so determined, so focussed, like perhaps she actually wanting him to take the job?. Disappointed he wasn’t going to now get to make a nice lunch for them both he watched as Ellen put her coat on and opened the back door.

“I’ve got directions up on my phone if it’s any help?”

“I’ll just use the car sat nav if you’ve got the postcode? I just hope this is worth it. I don’t see me changing my mind.”

Thankful to hear Ellen agreeing with him on that he then turned to stare at her as she casually commented that she might apply for the job herself. Surely she wasn’t being serious? Was she really not aware of the reputation of the area? He only hoped her chuckle meant she was joking. Sometimes it was hard to tell with Ellen.

Typing in the postcode Daniel drove in silence following the audible directions to the letter until they pulled up into a small modern church looking very out of place between the traditional Glasgow sandstone high street with tenement flats above shops and businesses. Getting out the car Daniel stared at the building with its welcoming purple sign and subtle cross feeling suddenly awkward about entering a church. Would they be able to tell just from looking at him that he was a Muslim? Would he even be allowed in? Quietly muttering his concerns Ellen was quick to reassure him as she pulled him towards the building and held open the door for him to go inside.

Whatever his preconceived notion of a church was this was nothing like it with its informal cafe set up, soft background music and notices about a no questions asked food bank and winter jacket rack. Hesitating until Ellen joined him he was still taking everything in when he watched Ellen approach a casually dressed man sitting alone. Following her closely he was relieved to hear the man introduce himself as Ian before they both pulled out a seat and sat down. Being joined by a keen young waitress Daniel was happy for Ellen to order on his behalf trusting that she knew the rules of his faith regarding food. 

Introducing themselves to each other they chatted lightly about how odd the church looked against the older sandstone buildings and how pleasant it was inside until their soup and drinks arrived at the table. Now feeling like it was time to actually get on with why they were there Daniel listened while he ate as Ian talked about his job, the exact same job title he himself had, and how the role had changed over the years. Relating strongly with everything he said initially he nodded and responded accordingly then gasped quietly as Ian continued to share the extend to how Possilpark was different and the sheer volume of homelessness he was dealing with on a daily basis.

Knowing only too well how pressured and stressful that level of demand on someone was he felt his jaws clench at the mere thought of carrying that sort of burden himself. However, feeling like he ought to take a turn in the conversation at least, he voiced his opinion about the lack of new social housing being built, the implications of ever rising private rents and then explained his own work history and how he’d recently been seconded to a project. Deliberately not mentioning the cruise ship to avoid the added politics of refugees Daniel looked up from his soup to meet Ian’s eyes as he confessed, almost embarrassingly, that he really didn’t want to be moved to Possilpark.

Surprises to hear Ian totally understand his heart went out to the man who then opened up about his own family situation and why he felt trapped into staying despite having death threats, feeling unsupported and being very vulnerable. At a bit of a loss as to what to say to console his new found colleague Daniel was quietly pleased to hear the man’s mobile ring as he looked over at Ellen who now looked much less sure of herself too. Wishing they could leave to allow the man to take his call in peace Daniel felt very comforted at Ellen reaching for his hand under the table as he clasped it tightly. The conversation at the table they were sitting at was clearly very one sided and despite not wanting to listen in it was impossible not to be able to hear as the raised angry male voice boomed out so loud it was a wonder not everyone in the room could hear him.

Impressed at how calm and patient Ian was being Daniel guessed it was another of those eviction situations he’s just heard about. Trying to imagine himself dealing with the same complex cases Ian clearly was he felt his hands sweating and his head spinning. He wasn’t afraid of hard work, or even frightened of dealing with the public, but as a black male in a predominantly white city he knew only too well that he’d face even more animosity and aggression than Ian was facing right now. Knowing in his heart that the risk was too high he waited until Ian was off the phone and he’d explained he was calling and why before he slid his chair out and walked to the till to pay for their food. He couldn’t do much else for Ian but at least he wasn’t leaving the poor guy to pick up the bill for lunch too.

Shaking his hand and apologise that he wasn’t going to be assisting him he excused himself and took Ellen’s hand as they walked back to the car. Feeling just a little smug that his gut feeling had been correct all along he automatically opened the car door expecting Ellen to get in. Surprised that she was still standing there he looked at her confused.

“It’s fine Daniel. I noticed the bus stop just around the corner when we drove here. I’ll get the bus into the city centre and walk to the Crisis shop. I can get the bus back to yours later. You go home and get on with your plans. I’m guessing you’ll be wanting to contact Archie Waters too. I can’t believe he actually wants you to do what Ian is doing. That poor man is on the brink of a breakdown in there and I’m not surprised really. No one should be working alone in those circumstances.”

“Are you sure? Text me and let me know you’re ok please. It’s not exactly Buckingham palace here is it?”

“I’ll be fine. I promise you.”

Leaning in to kiss Ellen goodbye Daniel climbed into the car alone staring at the church building. The might have welcomed him in but he still wasn’t keen on ever coming back. He prided himself in always doing his best for anyone who needed his help but even he knew his limitations. Watching Ellen walk out of sight he started the engine and headed for home. For the first time in his adult life he wasn’t sure what he should do. He knew without a shadow of a doubt that working with Ian was out of the equation but if returning to the office wasn’t on the agenda either where did that leave him?

Pulling down the side of his home he parked the car and sat shaking his head. In the hurried change of plans to go to the cafe Ellen hadn’t had a chance to get her car out of his garage. Now it would be so much harder to wash his own car and check it over like he did every week religiously. Frustrated, annoyed and disappointed he opened the back door of his home and stepped into the kitchen. Filling the kettle out of habit he switched it on feeling lost and alone. Heading into the living room to fetch his laptop he set it up opposite where Ellen’s was still sitting closed on the table as he loaded up the councils internal job page to scour it for any potential suitable vacancies. Tapping his feet he heard the kettle boil as he got back up to pour himself a coffee. Moving from foot to foot as he poured the boiling water he thought he’d better run to the loo before drinking any more liquid.

Urinating strongly into the downstairs loo his mind quickly went to Ellen. Had she caught a bus ok into the city and was she at the charity shop yet? He hated being away from her but equally he didn’t want her seeing him feeling so despond and fed up. If he could even apply for something else that would be a start. Maybe though it was time for a change? Maybe he shouldn’t be looking just in Glasgow. What about relocating? It was something he’d never thought about before but with the possibility of Ellen moving now might be the very time to do it. What if he could find something in Dundee so he could still see Ellen every day? That thought spurred him on as he returned to his laptop and immediately changed the job search location to Dundee.

*482*2024-06-25 22:37

**had to move out my home again as the roof is finally being replaced. I’ll bring this to a conclusion as soon as I can. Apologies for the delay x**

*484*2024-08-19 23:26

Hey all, apologies for the long break! I had to leave my home for weeks for essential works then have been unable to get online as I’m a full time carer for my severely disabled son. School is now back so I’m hoping to get back to this this week and bring it to a close and of course an epilogue to give you some author insights too.

Thank you for your extended patience for reasons beyond my control!

*488*2024-08-22 00:21

Saying goodbye to Margot

Seeing Daniel return to the table and shake Ian’s hand Ellen stood up sensing it was time for them to leave. Nodding a goodbye to the frazzled man she thought about his wife and child back home and the implications of the man’s stress on his family life. Hoping that something would change soon for them she felt Daniel take her hand as they turned to walk out the building back towards Daniel’s car. Noticing Daniel opening the front passenger door for her Ellen pursed her lips together and looked up at Daniel. She knew he could easily take her to the Crisis charity shop to see Margot but after all she’d been through this last year she really wanted the independence of doing this one thing herself.

“It’s fine Daniel. I noticed the bus stop just around the corner when we drove here. I’ll get the bus into the city centre and walk to the Crisis shop. I can get the bus back to yours later. You go home and get on with your plans. I’m guessing you’ll be wanting to contact Archie Waters too. I can’t believe he actually wants you to do what Ian is doing. That poor man is on the brink of a breakdown in there and I’m not surprised really. No one should be working alone in those circumstances.”

Not surprised in the least that Daniel was just a little apprehensive about leaving her in such a rough area Ellen reassured him and promised to text him later. Treasuring the warmth and sweetness of his tender lips as he bent down to kiss her goodbye she felt her eyes moisten slightly as they parted ways and she walked towards the bus stop. Turning the corner she looked down the road to see a bus to the city centre stopped at lights. Increasing her pace just enough to get to the stop in time she flagged the bus down and got on board. Sitting down on the first free seat she stared out the window for the short ten minute journey as they quickly drove out of Possilpark towards the city centre. Seeing so many familiar buildings Ellen pressed for the bus to stop, and thanking the driver, she stepped off the number 7 and walked in the direction of the Crisis charity shop.

Gong in via the front door felt so strange. The last time she’d came in that way she was homeless, unemployed and only coming in to get out of the rain. It was only thanks to Margot that so much of that changed, though right now it really felt like she’d come full circle again with no job at present and no home either. The warmth of the building hit her right away as she looked around anxiously for any sign of her elderly friend. Not really wanting any of the other regular volunteers to notice her because she felt bad enough as it was, she hid behind a rail of clothing while someone passed until she spotted Margot over by the bric a brac. Walking towards her their eyes met and she smiled warmly.

“Ellen? It’s so good to see you!”

Feeling her eyes prickling again as the older lady walked quickly towards her with her arms open Ellen walked towards her readily accepting the hug.

“Oh Ellen! You’ve made my day! It’s not often I get to see you during the week. Is everything ok? You’re looking good as always.”

“Yeah I’m good. I’ve got a few days off and I wanted to come and see you. Actually Margot there’s something I really need to tell you.”

“Hold on a minute dear. I’ll just tell Simone that I’m going for a break. Come into the staffroom with me. Just wait here until I tell Simone.”

Nervously waiting as the older lady walked towards the front counter to chat with someone Ellen picked up some ornaments to look at while she waited. As she was putting one back down she felt a tap on her shoulder.

“I’ll go put the kettle on shall I?”

Sitting opposite the woman who had changed her life sipping tea together Ellen felt nervous and guilty. She’d always promised to pay back Margot not just for her time and love but for the financial ways she’d helped her too. Now she was about to tell her the news that she’d have to stop volunteering at the shop because she was very likely going to be moving to Dundee. Suddenly that felt a million miles away from the familiar warm comfort of the Crisis shop in Glasgow.

“So my lovely, what did you want to tell me? Is there any more news about your flat and the insurance?”

“It’s not that. Though I have given up my tenancy on the flat now. It won’t be habitable any time soon and it’s highly possible the entire block will end up demolished. My landlord was actually surprisingly lovely about it when I called him this morning. I might even get my deposit back. I hope I do because I think I told you that my job finished earlier this week? That’s all the refugees now left the cruise ship and tomorrow it leaves the port. I’m currently staying at my boyfriend’s house but that’s only temporary. I had an interview recently. It’s for a job quite similar to what I was doing but this one is a live in position with a flat provided. “

“That sounds perfect after the fire.”

“It does doesn’t it. It’s working with refugees again so I can use my experience and expertise which is good too. It’s permanent too so much more secure compared to the last one. They called me the other day to say they want me to go for some training. They haven’t 100% said I’ve got the job but I have a really good feeling. They are desperate for someone apparently.”

“Oh Ellen it sounds perfect for you. I’ve always believed in you you know. So does this mean you’re not going to be able to come in and help out on Saturdays I take it?”

Ellen nodded struggling to say the words as she delayed herself by finishing her tea.

“You have to do what’s right for you Ellen. You need to work sweetheart. I’ll miss you so much but you can always come in and see me on your days off?”

“I’d have loved nothing more Margot but it’ll be a long journey sadly. My new job, assuming I get it, is in Dundee. I’m leaving on Sunday to start my training first thing Monday morning. I’m expecting I’ll be back here to come in the following Saturday unless they offer me the job right away. I could maybe do a couple of hours this Saturday if you’re really stuck?”

Feeling the older woman taking her hand Ellen looked down at her frail wrinkled fingers.

“Don’t you worry about me Ellen. You spend Saturday packing and getting organised o? Do you need a suitcase? There’s a really lovely one with wheels through the back. I can let you see it if you’d like? Call me and let me know how it all goes. I’m so proud of you you know. You deserve nothing but the best. Do you want to see this suitcase then? I’d better get back to Simone before she sends out a search party for me. Come and see if this case is any good. That’s if you need one?”

“Actually Margot I’m going by car so I think I’ll be fine. I’ll never ever forget what you did for me though. I’m going to miss you so much! You will look after yourself won’t you?”

“If you’re sure about that case? Come here for a hug sweetheart. Don’t be a stranger Ellen.”

Hugging the lady tightly Ellen finally let go and turned to walk out the door to go back to Daniel’s. Wiping tears from her eyes she had one final last look at the shop before turning up the street to wait for a bus. Checking the timetable stuck to the stop she shook her head. Shed only just missed a bus and now she had a twenty minute wait for the next one. At least it wasn’t raining.

20 minutes wasn’t that long hopefully, thought realising she needed the loo it might actually feel much more. There wasn’t anywhere she could think of where she could pee other than back in the charity shop and she really did t want to go back in there again. The only other place was a fast food restaurant a mile down the road which would mean she wouldn’t get back in time for the bus. So given that the journey back to Daniel’s was about half an hour according to the timetable Ellen decided to sit and wait. Crossing her leg on the narrow shelter seat she watched the traffic trying to think of anything else except her bladder.

*490*2024-08-24 23:08

The blocked driveway

Scrolling through the adverts Daniel paused at one and clicked for more information. A bit disappointed to see the job was actually through an agency and not directly with the employer he filled in the application anyway and pressed send. He might not hear anything back but at least he’d tried. Returning to the job search site again he emailed about one other job and paused at another with Dundee city council. It was a band or two below his current position but throwing caution to the wind he applied for it too before switching off his laptop and taking a break. It was now mid afternoon and all too soon daylight would be fading so he opened the kitchen door and looked at his car wondering to himself if there was a way to still wash it and maintain it even with Ellen’s car still in the garage.

Looking carefully at the available space he opened the garage and accessed his hose, bucket, sponge, car shampoo, car tools and vacuum. Carefully closing the garage back over he edged his car slowly forwards at an angle as much as he could until it blocked the garage and driveway completely. Starting by opening the bonnet he ran through his usual weekly checks of topping up the oil, the windscreen washer, checking all the lights, leads connections and then inflating all four types to the exact pressure as stated in the manufacturer’s manual. 

Finally satisfied that the car was in great shape mechanically he attached his hose to the outside tap and began meticulously hand washing his car, first with water, then shampoo, then drying and polishing every part by hand. Wishing he could give Ellen’s car the same treatment he was polishing the rear headlights when he felt his mobile vibrating in his pocket. Wiping his hands on a towel he looked at the screen and smiled. Delighted to hear Ellen was safely on her way back he texted back that he’d see her soon then returned to move on to the next headlight.

He was polishing the alloy wheels looking down the driveway at the side of the house when Ellen rushed down looking flushed and stressed. Knowing she’d struggle to get past with the position of his car he rested the cloth over the roof of the car and looked at Ellen as she rushed towards him.

“So how did it go? Did you get to see Margot?”

“I did. Can I tell you about it in a bit though? I really need to use the toilet first.”

“Oh. My car’s in the way of the back door. I’ll move it though. I just need to move all this stuff out the way first.”

Watching Ellen frantically moving from one leg to the other and looking anxious Daniel immediately felt his arousal growing quickly. Bending down behind the car to move the hose pipe, the vacuum, the bucket and his tool box as well as the bottles of oil and screen wash he was still moving things when he heard Ellen gasping and breathing heavily.

“Do you have a key to the front door Daniel? I’m really struggling here!”

Not daring to stand up to look at her knowing his erection would be in full view he continued moving things as quickly as he could until it was all tightly in front of the garage giving him room to manoeuvre his car. Shouting over the car he replied to Ellen.

“I do but it’s in the house. That’s it all moved now. I’ll just move the car.”

Standing up and looking over his car Daniel’s eyes bulged at the sight before him. Standing almost in touching distance of him just the other side of his car was his beautiful curvy girlfriend clutching between her legs bent forward for all to see walking down the street! Longing to strip her then and there and make love to her against the side of his house he stared at her in awe feeling his hard on rubbing and pushing against his clothing. Making eye contact with her the words Ellen said to him made his legs turn to jelly and his heart leap for joy.

“Oh God! I’m bursting! REALLY bursting! I can’t…”

Staring at her almost wishing what he was witnessing could be recorded by his eyes on some sort of drive that he could replay on repeat for the rest of his life his mouth opened in shock as Ellen suddenly marched violently on the spot with a hand gripped tight between her legs before dropping her bag on his car boot, pulling her top and coat up up, grabbing urgently at her leggings and pants and getting them down right as a torrent of warm steaming urine gushed out. Still trying to pull her clothes away from the powerful thick stream gushing from between her legs Daniel ogled as she leaned on his just polished car to balance herself as she peed loudly and openly in his driveway for anyone walking past to see.

“Oh that feels SO much better! I honestly thought I was going to soak the seat on the bus! Margot made me a mug of tea and on top of the soup and drinks at lunch it was all too much.”

Sliding a hand down to rub his erection behind the car Daniel stared at Ellen still in shock at what he’d just seen.

“I…I should probably move the car now and let you in.”

“That would be good thanks.”

Walking the few steps to the driver’s door Daniel was buzzing with adrenaline and need. As he slid his body in he could hear Ellen still talking so immediately pressed to lower the front windows.

“Oh. I guess I was a little too late. I’ll get changed as soon as I’m in the house though.”

Partly due to the angle the car was wedged in and party because Daniel was shaking with excitement and the rush of hormones cursing through whole body but what should have been a slow careful three point turn because a six point jerky clumsy manoeuvre while he watched Ellen out of his wing mirror thinking thoughts that were anything but Muslim! Finally able to reverse the car straight down the side of the building Daniel put the steering straight abs alighted the wheels before getting out and assisting Ellen to squeeze past. Reaching for her hand he felt his palm all hot and sweaty as his mind reminded him on repeat that this was the very sane hand that had just pulled clothing out the way to allow it’s owner to pee.

“It’s so good to have you back Ellen!”

Giggling she leaned in to rest her head on Daniel’s chest affectionately before looking up with her puppy dog eyes.

“Even when I pee all over your driveway?”

Leaning down to kiss the top of her head Daniel pulled Ellen’s body closer so she could feel his erection against her.

“Especially when you pee all over my driveway like that!”

Pulling the handle down Daniel pushed the door open with the weight of his body as he drew Ellen inside kissing her deeply and passionately as he slid her coat off and then started on her top. They’d only been apart a few hours but he needed her so badly that he knew he just couldn’t stop.

*492*2024-08-25 10:01

{{9 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Glad that you are back, my friend.

}}

So glad to be back!

*494*2024-08-30 00:16

The bus back to Daniel’s

Five minutes passed for Ellen and numerous buses went passed her but none of them went in the direction of Paisley Road West at the bottom of Hillington Gardens. Pulling her coat around her to shelter from the October breeze she pulled her phone out of her pocket in an attempt to distract herself from her ever growing need to pee. Now joined by a man who looked to be in his late twenties she hugged her crossed legs tightly on the narrow seat and scrolled through Facebook. Thankfully he didn’t stay long and flagged down the second bus to pass, getting on it just as two others got off.

Alone again she read a few statuses, wished two friends a happy birthday then smiled to herself as she finally decided to update her status to ‘in a relationship’. Wondering which of her Facebook friends might comment first she was distracted by a strong pressure in her bladder making her suddenly stand and move around. Ever conscious of the fact she was in the city centre mid afternoon on a very busy street she paced around then sat back down with one leg over the other bouncing the upper leg up and down hoping anyone seeing her might just think she was cold. Checking her phone for the time she sighed seeing she still had another ten minutes until her bus was due.

Looking up and down the street anxiously her mind could think of nothing else now other than where she might locate a bathroom. The shops were all either too small or closed down or too far to risk checking and potentially miss her bus. Shifting around on the seat she resolved to now continue to just wait until she got back to Daniel’s, even though she knew this wouldn’t be easy. Having to get up and move again she now leaned on the bus shelter with her legs crossed looking down the street longing for her bus to come earlier than scheduled. Turning to see an older lady with a shopping trolley on wheels now joining her at the stop she clenched her muscles tightly and bit her lip trying to hide just how desperate she was to find a ladies.

Finally seeing the number 10 approaching Ellen held her hand out enthusiastically, delighted to know she was finally going to be moving towards home and closer to a bathroom. Paying with a click of her bank card she found a seat near the back, and using her bag on her knees to cover what she was doing, she leaned forward in the seat and slid a hand between her legs. The pressure definitely helped her hold though she was ever conscious that people on the bus might know what she was doing. Sliding her phone out her pocket she quickly text Daniel to say she was on her way back smiling at his brief and to the point reply. 

As the bus edged slowly through the city centre Ellen watched eagerly as she shuffled on her seat, starting to sweat from the exertion of holding her now bulging bladder for so long. Every traffic light or roundabout seemed to take forever to get through as she crossed her legs over her hand tightening her muscles as much as she could. She was bursting and counting the minutes until she could get off and run up the street to Daniel’s house. Trying not to think about how marvellous it was going to be to finally sit on his downstairs loo and relax she had to push her hand tighter against her underwear as she felt a drip leaking out.

Looking out the window as they finally joined Paisley Road West Ellen repositioned herself yet again, struggling to get comfortable or sit still for more than a minute. What was taking so long? Looking down the bus anxiously towards the driver Ellen sighed as a mother with a pram struggled to get on. Uncharacteristically frustrated Ellen tapped her foot impatiently as she shuffled on the seat bursting for the loo. Finally moving again Ellen felt like crying when the bus stopped again shortly afterwards and filled with high school kids in identical blazers and ties. Having to move over to let one sit beside her Ellen felt restricted and self conscious as she twisted her body towards the window and remained tightly crossed legged with a hand pushing against her crotch. After what happened the day before on a train there was no way she was going to wet herself a second time on public transport no matter how desperate she was!

After what felt like an eternity Ellen spotted the opticians out of the window and pressed the bell for the bus to stop. Now her only problem was having to stand up and walk down the bus without leaving a puddle behind her! Squeezing past the school pupil Ellen smiled awkwardly knowing her fuller body was touching them more than either of them was comfortable with. Having to tense every muscle in her body now that she couldn’t hold herself Ellen sensed she was ever near breaking point as she pushed down the busy bus towards the driver so she could finally get off. Thanking the driver quickly without even looking at him she hurried off the bus knowing she still had to cross the busy main road before she could run up Hillington Gardens and down the side of Daniel’s house.

Walking very quickly to the traffic lights she pressed for the green man now unable to stand still in any way shape or form. Hoping no one was watching her she focussed solely on now making it back to Daniel’s while she waited on the lights changing so she could safely cross the road. Impatient and dying for a wee she pressed the button several more times hoping it might speed it into changing quicker as she feared the delay might cause her embarrassed if it didn’t end soon. Thankfully that seemed to work and as the traffic stopped and the green man flashed she ran across the road urgently needing into Daniel’s where she knew she’d have to run to make it to the loo on time.

Barely looking at the houses she was passing Ellen single-mindedly kept her focus to looking for Daniel’s front gate and side entrance knowing he only ever used the back door to his house. Wishing he had given her the key to the front door so she could let herself in knowing there was a toilet right inside Ellen felt another dribble leak as she saw the bush marking the start of Daniel’s driveway that lead to the garage at the rear and his back door. Rushing down she noticed Daniel by his car as she quickly approached moving urgently from foot to foot. Their eyes met as he smiled at her and immediately greeted her wanting to know how her afternoon had went.

“So how did it go? Did you get to see Margot?”

“I did. Can I tell you about it in a bit though? I really need to use the toilet first.”

Having been so hyper focused on getting down the side of the house Ellen only just noticed the unusual angle of Daniel’s Audi as it blocked her way to the back door.

“Oh. My car’s in the way of the back door. I’ll move it though. I just need to move all this stuff out the way first.”

Shocked, and scared that her body was about to give out on her, Ellen squirmed around trying to hold on just a little bit longer. Gasping and breathing heavily with the heaviness of her bladder and urgency of her need all Ellen could think about was getting in the front door.

“Do you have a key to the front door Daniel? I’m really struggling here!”

“I do but it’s in the house. That’s it all moved now. I’ll just move the car.”

Squirming even more than before Ellen marched on the spot and pressed a hand between her legs as she felt her crotch getting damper by the second. What was taking Daniel so long? Why on earth had he put his car at such a crazy angle anyway? She’d been holding so long now that she no longer cared who might see her or hear her. This was fast becoming an emergency! Looking up and meeting Daniel’s eye Ellen knew her time was about to come to an abrupt end any second.

“Oh God! I’m bursting! REALLY bursting! I can’t…”

She couldn’t even finish the sentence though. The pressure too intense, the tension too high, the weight of her bladder too heavy, the spasms too strong. Had the car not been in the way, had Daniel been quicker to move it, had she had a key to the front door, things might have been different but now there was nothing else for it. Pulling her long top up and her leggings and underwear down Ellen tossed her bag onto Daniel’s car then gripped the vehicle to balance herself as she knelt down right as urine burst out of her spraying under the car, all around her feet and splashing on her clothing. Relieved but embarrassed Ellen blushed as she spoke nervously trying to justify her very unladylike behaviour.

“Oh that feels SO much better! I honestly thought I was going to soak the seat on the bus! Margot made me a mug of tea and on top of the soup and drinks at lunch it was all too much.”

Still peeing and kneeling down Ellen heard Daniel saying he’d just move the car as she took a long deep breath feeling her bladder finally relaxing. Stepping away from the huge pudding she’d made to the wall she grabbed her bag as Daniel shifted the car bag and forwards more in keeping with a learner driver than the experienced careful driver she knew him to be. Pulling her leggings up she talked to herself assuming Daniel couldn’t hear from inside the car. Despite her best efforts she hadn’t fully made it on time and had been just a little too slow in getting her leggings and pants down. Her pants were very obviously soaked and her leggings crotch wet with splashes of urine down both legs. Feeling the warm wetness against her sensitive swollen crotch Ellen shivered with the feelings it generated in her body.

“Oh. I guess I was a little too late. I’ll get changed as soon as I’m in the house though.”

Looking up Ellen now saw Daniel beside her with his car neatly parked at the side of his house. Reaching out to take his hand she couldn’t help but notice the very obvious bulge in his trousers.

“It’s so good to have you back Ellen!”

Hugging into him feeling his breath on her face she looked up at his glowing eyes and flushed cheeks.

“Even when I pee all over your driveway?”

“Especially when you pee all over my driveway like that!”

*495*2024-09-04 00:36

The horny couple

Gazing at Ellen, rampant for her full body, his mind consumed by what he’d just witnessed at the side of his house, Daniel paused briefly to ogle Ellen’s enticing large breasts barely covered by the cotton and lace of her bra.

“May I?”

Smiling down at his beautiful woman who nodded eagerly Daniel turned her around, hungrily unclipped her bra and pulled it off her shoulders, immediately caressing her bountiful bosoms with his hands whist kissing Ellen’s neck excitedly. Letting his hands explore Ellen’s naked sides he moved hurriedly to her waist feeling the waistband of her leggings in the way. Moving his lips away from her neck he smiled again at Ellen, their eyes locking in need and mutual desire.

“And these?”

“Of course. They’re soaking wet anyway.”

Feeling his penis thicken and swell further at the very sound of that his hands cheekily gravitated towards Ellen’s crotch as he caressed her wet leggings and felt the warmth and dampness of both her leggings and her pants underneath. Hearing Ellen’s pleasurable sounds in response to his explorations he kissed his woman deeply and erotically on the lips, their tongues intertwining and circling each others even as his hands felt warmer and damper between her legs. Now fearing he might cum too soon, such was his passion and need, Daniel pulled away from Ellen’s mouth to pull down her pee stained leggings and pants feeling up her thighs and upper legs longing to unite their bodies as one.

Now with Ellen naked he wasted no time in getting his own clothes off, his eyes locked with Ellen’s as he did so watching her smile broaden and her cheeks flush as his long thick penis sprung out from his pulled down underwear. Stepping out his clothing he shivered at the touch of Ellen’s hand on his testicles and penis, her very touch almost making him explode. Feeling too frisky, too needy, to spare the time to climb the stairs to the bedroom Daniel simply lead Ellen onto the couch where he spread her legs open and indulged himself by licking her clitoris and swollen vaginal lips thrilled by the pleasure this was clearly bringing Ellen. Bringing his head out he grinned as he looked at Ellen lying with her head back and her hips thrust forward. Could she be any more beautiful right now? Edging his leg over hers he gently angled her body to allow his penis to enter her wide open wet warm vagina as he replayed in his mind what he’d just witnessed minutes before.

“You must have been needing that pee for so long my darling? You looked really bursting when you got here?”

“Mmm. I was! I really was! Almost as soon as I left the shop I realised I should have went. Then I had ages to wait on a bus. You should have seen me crossed legged at the bus stop and then pacing around trying to hold it in. I’m sure people could tell but I couldn’t hide it. By the time the bus arrived I thought it was going to be too late. I couldn’t even sit still on the bus Daniel! I was wriggling and squirming and holding myself under my bag and everything! I could feel myself leaking. The traffic was so slow and then what felt like the entire population of the local high school got on. I was trapped in by the window leaning forward tensing everything I could and almost crying. I had to go so so bad honey! I wish you could have seen me. I wish you could have helped me. I was bursting with a capital B!”

“Fuck Ellen! I’m so close!”

“To tell you the truth Daniel the whole thing was making me crazy horny! The fidgeting, holding myself, the rocking and squirming and the intense pressure. The thought that I was seconds away from pissing myself on a packed bus. The feeling of the warm wet dribbles in my pants. It made me want to masturbate so much. Oh…don’t stop baby! This is so amazing! You really know how to turn my tap on and get me going!”

“Likewise my treasure! Oh fuck! The way you danced out there and held your crotch Ellen. It was just so fucking sexy! Oh….ah…”

“I was at the end of my rope darling. I was so so desperate to go! Every part of my body was screaming at me for release. The pressure was too strong. The need so great. The surges so powerful. Oh…uh….uh…let it come Daniel. Let it cum like my urine surged out everywhere. Uh..uh. YES!”

“Ughhhh! Mmmmmm. Ffffffff.”

Feeling Ellen’s body shaking under his Daniel pushed even though he’d already climaxed in the hope it might help Ellen reach her crescendo too. Squelching his thick manhood in and out he felt Ellen tighten her grip, surge forward then flop her back down contentedly and fulfilled. Now sliding out Daniel felt his penis instantly shrinking as he stood up gazing adoringly at Ellen’s naked body.

“You are so adorably sexy Ellen Hemmingdale. I’ve never seen breasts as appealing and attractive as yours. Those nipples are something else. Oft, I could just stare at your curves all day every day and never get bored. And as for when that bladder of yours is full…well you’ve just seen what that does to me. That’s what you do to me honey!”

Reaching to pull Ellen up off the sofa Daniel wrapped his arms around her lovingly.

“Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I’d meet someone as perfect as you! This has just confirmed to me that if you get that job in a Dundee then I’m coming with you!”

“You definitely not taking the role in Possilpark then?”

“Absolutely not. In fact I’ve already applied for some other positions in Dundee. I’ve even registered with an agency there too.”

Meeting eyes with Ellen Daniel smiled at her hoping his news wasn’t too much for her. Seeing the glimmer in her eyes though he suddenly felt more convinced than ever that he was doing the right thing.

“I just hope I get the job then eh!”

“Oh you will darling. I know you will. Besides the council wouldn’t pay to put you through training if they weren’t going to employ you. I’ve worked for local government too long to know that. I suspect that midwife for Tetyana and Dmitro has created about the lack of caretaker in the block and no doubt some others too. That Jack guy didn’t seem happy about it either. I reckon they’re under pressure now to get someone quick. Who better than the very support worker who came with them all and who knows every one of them by name? You were made for this job Ellen.”

“I hope you’re right Daniel. I just can’t stop thinking about poor Tetyana struggling with that brand new baby, and Varya needing support with her cerebral palsy and Raisa with those girls of hers. I didn’t realise quite how safe they all were on that cruise ship and how protected we made them. You did the groundwork getting those flats Daniel and I love you so much for that but the real work needs to start now. There’s over 100 people that need help getting their lives back together. I can’t do that on my own.”

“You won’t be on your own darling. I promise you that.”

“Thank you. So any chance I could get a cuppa after that? And do you not have things to put away in the garage still?”

“Oh. You’re right! I’d forgotten I’d left stuff outside still. I’ll go put the kettle on and then get that stuff away. Then how about I make us the stuff I brought earlier for lunch? You hungry?”

“Absolutely! Can I get a quick shower while you do that?”

“Of course! I’d tell you to use the loo while you’re there if you need it but I don’t suppose you do now. Not that I’m complaining!”

Smiling at Ellen as she went upstairs Daniel whistled to himself happily as he switched the kettle on then went back outside to put everything away. Checking the puddle by the side of his car he grinned and chuckled to himself. He’d lived in Hillington Gardens for years but it had never been as much fun as it had since Ellen moved in. The thought of moving away seemed so strange and alien but exciting at the same time too.

*497*2024-09-04 10:01

{{1 hour ago, WetNick88 said:

Steamiest session yet! Loved it. Your writing always gets me going.

}}

Thank you

*498*2024-09-06 01:11

The thing about Daniel

Being kissed by Daniel always sent shivers right through Ellen’s body. The warmth of his lips against hers, the comfort of his body close to hers, the heat of their desire for each other, always made her heart beat quicker and her temperature rise. She couldn’t imagine desiring another man like she desired Daniel Omari with his chocolate skin, neat black hair shaved at the sides but bushier on the top and his gorgeous brown eyes that made her weak at the knees. Already fiercely turned on from holding her urine for so long in public and having a warm wet crotch from her accident at the side of the house his mere breath on her face was enough to make her throb with hunger for him.

Stumbling inside without their mouths ever parting Ellen followed his body like glue as he pushed the door open with his back and then kicked it closed with his feet. Thrilled to have him not only remove her coat but her top too so wished he’d quickly carry on with the rest of her clothing which was now just a barrier to their naked bodies joining together. Instead though his eyes paused and bulged as Daniel stared openly at her large copious breasts encased in her back lace trimmed bra. Knowing just how much Daniel adored her breasts made her feel so feminine, so attractive and sexy, that when he finally turned her around and undid her bra from her back then twirled her back to ogle them more as he peeled the material away Ellen couldn’t help but grin delightedly. Her eyes meeting Daniel’s once more her heart skipped a beat at his words so tender and polite in contrast to the red hot hunger oozing from his whole body.

“May I?”

It was only two tiny words but the fact he was asking when he clearly lusted for more every bit as urgently as she did spoke volumes about his character and ethics. Those were traits she’d always respected in Daniel from the moment she’d met him but now seeing the sheer extent of his self control impressed her more than she ever thought possible. Boy did she love this man with all her heart every bit as much as she lusted after his body right now. Smiling, her crotch tingling with excitement and anticipation, she blushed as she reminded Daniel that her leggings and pants were still soaking wet from earlier.

Of course that didn’t deter him, if anything it had the exact opposite effect as he immediately tickled her naked sides and enticed her even more by slowing moving his hands ever closer to her waist then placing a firm warm hand over her crotch and caressing the dampness between her legs. Feeling like she was being suddenly transported to a place of utopia her entire body shuddered at the wonderful experience of being fondled in a private bodily area that was already very warm and wet from wetting herself. The naughtiness, the sexiness of having peed in a public area in utter desperation, was so erotic and enthralling that Ellen felt her vagina swelling and shaking at every tiny movement of Daniel’s fingers. As if that wasn’t perfect on its own he multiplied her heightened state by locking lips with her once again and exploring her mouth with his eager excited tongue.

Now approaching sexual climax like an out of control express train she was so delighted when Daniel suddenly pulled his mouth away and pulled down her remaining clothing so quickly she almost thought he ripped it all. Rampant for his nakedness her heart pumped faster and her pulse raced as Daniel undressed himself at brake neck speed as her eyes bulged watching his thick long erection emerge from his sweaty underwear. Unable to resist reaching out to touch it Ellen freely fondled Daniel’s hairy testicles and scrumptious penis pleased at how this made Daniel’s face twitch and his lips tremble showing how deeply pleasurable it was to him.

Happy to be pulled hurriedly into the lounge Ellen gladly fell back onto the couch in anticipation of what was coming next. Assuming Daniel was about to enter her with his manhood, which she was more than ready for and prepared for, she was instead flabbergasted and gasped with joy and excitement when she felt his tongue exploring her puffy wet vulva outer and inner lips, circling and exploring her clitoris and even licking and tickling her still sensitive urethra opening. Throbbing and dripping with mucus and edging closer and closer to climax her head rested backwards and her breath shallowed as she felt the thickness of Daniel’s shaft finally entering her very open moist vagina.

Gripping Daniel’s penis with her swollen lips Ellen squeezed and thrust imagining back to being on the bus bursting to pee but this time with Daniel beside her watching her fidgeting and squirming knowing she was getting closer and closer to having an accident. Grinning when Daniel now spoke and confirmed his mind was in the exact same place as hers Ellen rocked her body against his as she listened to his question and happily replied.

“You must have been needing that pee for so long my darling? You looked really bursting when you got here?”

“Mmm. I was! I really was! Almost as soon as I left the shop I realised I should have went. Then I had ages to wait on a bus. You should have seen me crossed legged at the bus stop and then pacing around trying to hold it in. I’m sure people could tell but I couldn’t hide it. By the time the bus arrived I thought it was going to be too late. I couldn’t even sit still on the bus Daniel! I was wriggling and squirming and holding myself under my bag and everything! I could feel myself leaking. The traffic was so slow and then what felt like the entire population of the local high school got on. I was trapped in by the window leaning forward tensing everything I could and almost crying. I had to go so so bad honey! I wish you could have seen me. I wish you could have helped me. I was bursting with a capital B!”

Sensing that her words were very much increasing Daniel’s lustfulness for her judging by the speed and intensity of his thrusting in and out her slippery hot pussy Ellen couldn’t resist continuing on.

“To tell you the truth Daniel the whole thing was making me crazy horny! The fidgeting, holding myself, the rocking and squirming, and the intense pressure. The thought that I was seconds away from pissing myself on a packed bus. The feeling of the warm wet dribbles in my pants. It made me want to masturbate so much. Oh…don’t stop baby! This is so amazing! You really know how to turn my tap on and get me going!”

“Likewise my treasure! Oh fuck! The way you danced out there and held your crotch Ellen. It was just so fucking sexy! Oh….ah…”

“I was at the end of my rope darling. I was so so desperate to go! Every part of my body was screaming at me for release. The pressure was too strong. The need so great. The surges so powerful. Oh…uh….uh…let it come Daniel. Let it cum like my urine surged out everywhere. Uh..uh. YES!”

Thrusting faster and faster Ellen gave in to the need and hunger of her body hearing Daniel grunting and moaning in ecstasy as he surged into her body with speed and power feeling his release of warmth and stickiness fill her body. The culmination of his hunger, the knowing and feeling wanted and attractive, seemed to be the final factors in her own body giving in to its want and desires completely as her back arched, her head spun and her legs shook. Momentarily oblivious to anything else her head shut off and her eyes closed as she surrendered to her sexual pleasure in a way she’d never done before. Regaining consciousness Ellen heard Daniel before her eyes had the time to refocus and look up at him. His words were like honey to her soul restoring years of self doubt and low self esteem.

“You are so adorably sexy Ellen Hemmingdale. I’ve never seen breasts as appealing and attractive as yours. Those nipples are something else. Oft, I could just stare at your curves all day every day and never get bored. And as for when that bladder of yours is full…well you’ve just seen what that does to me. That’s what you do to me honey!”

Opening her eyes Ellen allowed Daniel to pull her up from the sofa, and to be supported by his strong muscular body and his arms wrapped around her. As if reading her mind yet again Ellen felt tears stinging at her eyes as he spoke.

“Never in my wildest dreams did I ever think I’d meet someone as perfect as you! This has just confirmed to me that if you get that job in a Dundee then I’m coming with you!”

Choked with emotion, but still hesitant to confess to Daniel just how deeply she truly felt for him now, Ellen swallowed then quietly asked if this meant Daniel really wasn’t taking the job he’d been offered in Possilpark. Daring to look up and meet his eyes her heart jumped to hear that her lover’s actions were truly matching his words. To think the man who wore the same suit to work everyday until they dated, who’d only ever worked in the same office since leaving school, who spent his weekends visiting his mum and the rest of the week eating dinners she’d made him, was now preparing to give up all that just for her went beyond her wildest dreams. Now feeling the weight of pressure to not only get the job in Dundee but succeed at it all on her own Ellen wobbled at the worry of it all falling apart.

“I just hope I get the job then eh!”

“Oh you will darling. I know you will. Besides the council wouldn’t pay to put you through training if they weren’t going to employ you. I’ve worked for local government too long to know that. I suspect that midwife for Tetyana and Dmitro has created about the lack of caretaker in the block and no doubt some others too. That Jack guy didn’t seem happy about it either. I reckon they’re under pressure now to get someone quick. Who better than the very support worker who came with them all and who knows every one of them by name? You were made for this job Ellen.”

How had that thought never occurred to her before? Daniel was right! Despite the ego tripping personality of Keith Bryant and his controlling ways even he wouldn’t have the gall the waste public money training someone for a job they wouldn’t be offered. Her mind suddenly thinking of all the refugees alone in their flats in Tulloch Court the heaviness of the sole responsibility for them all rested uneasily on Ellen’s shoulders. There had been a whole team of workers on the cruise ship all working flat out to support the occupants so how could one person single handedly be everything to so many people?

Allowing Daniel to reassure and encourage her Ellen basked in his confidence and compliments as her body finally cooled and calmed from the adrenaline surge of sex. With so much possibly about to change very quickly her head needed a bit of space to take it all in. Loving the sound of Daniel getting them both some food she excused herself for a much needed shower while he returned to close the garage before dark and prepare some tea.

Maybe this was when her life was finally about to change for the better? After an unstable and unpredictable upbringing, years of homelessness and losing everything in a fire could she really be about to truly start afresh with the support of a loving perfect man like Daniel? She’d always know there was something really special about him.

Could the thing about Daniel she’d noticed all those months ago really have been a premonition of this moment? That the hardworking, quiet, unassuming, efficient man she’d admired from afar would transform her life beyond recognition, open up a sexual fetish she never knew she had and give her the love and security she’d always craved?

Was the thing about Daniel really that their love and lust for each other would catapult her to a brand new job doing what she loved in her own refurbished flat in a town miles from Glasgow? She hadn’t planned any of this when she’d gone to that big council meeting just weeks ago and seen Daniel dying to pee. Shed only gone to fight for the refugees and especially so Oleksandr and his disabled wife who struggled every day living on the Adventurer II ship. She’d promised them she’d get them somewhere to call home and now she had all thanks to the man who was downstairs now making her dinner.

Stepping out the shower she dried herself and slipped on her nightshirt. Tomorrow the ship would set sail again and move onto somewhere new. It seemed fitting that her life was now doing the same thing too.

*499*2024-09-07 00:01

Six months later…

Ellen’s training went well and as Daniel predicted she was offered the job starting a week later. She continued to get regular texts from many of the refugees even before then and assisted them both during her time training in Dundee and while in Glasgow in every way possible. Daniel spent her four days of training working with Jack and his church volunteers building the remaining furniture that was donated, delivering it to various apartments in Tulloch Court and setting up the two community flats on the ground floor. He handed his notice in to Glasgow city council right away and agreed to work his notice on the condition he remained office based until his departure which Archie surprisingly agreed to. He accepted a position with an agency in Dundee and put his house on the market the same week.

On 30th October, the day before Halloween, Ellen moved into the caretakers flat in Tulloch Court and officially started her role as caretaker the following day. Her first evening was spent in the community flats where a Halloween party was thrown for all the children and families. Daniel drove over from Glasgow and they both dressed as captain and first mate of a cruise ship with badges made to mimic the Ambassador II where everyone had lived together for a long 12 months. 

It was a night of fun and food and high spirits with little to no opportunity for either Ellen or Daniel to spare a moment to even visit the bathroom. By the time everyone left and they’d cleared up it was very obvious that they both had to go very badly. With Daniel having to be at work the next morning in Glasgow and Ellen officially still on call neither dared to have an accident but they did very much enjoy both being desperate and watching the other desperate which lead to some private and personal fun before Daniel finally left late in the evening to drive home.

Before starting her training Ellen met up with Celine as planned on the Friday morning to wave the cruise ship goodbye and watch it sail away. It was a damp cold morning and when Celine arrived she was joined by her son Carson in his school uniform and Ellis who had driven the van to Tulloch Court with all the donated items just over a week before. It turned out Carson had a dental appointment so his mum had picked him up early from school so he could watch the vessel depart beforehand. Ellen smiled when Ellis climbed out his delivery van and put his arm around Celine’s shoulder. It was no surprise to her or Daniel that they seemed to now be in a relationship and Ellen truly hoped it would work out for them both.

It was very emotional watching the ship slowly move out of the port with staff waving from the side. For Ellen the Adventurer II had been much more than a temporary home for displaced refugees and more of a safe haven full of friends and loved ones. Her mind wandered easily to Mykhaila and her mum as she dearly hoped the young girl was getting the love and support she needed in foster care. They had been just one family out of the over 1000 people who had arrived, all alone, homeless and in a foreign land.

How they had ever miraculously moved on almost 90% of them in just twelve months never ceased to amaze Ellen still as she closed her eyes and pictured one family’s young children’s excitement at getting their own rooms in a tenement flat in the South Side of Glasgow and Daniel hugging her for the very first time. She’d been so busy and so involved with the refugees that she had omitted to even notice his growing attraction and their relationship developing. Now with the ship out of sight Ellen openly hugged and thanked Celine once again for all she had done and promised they’d keep in touch. Of course she kept to her word and even sent photos to Celine of the community flats all decorated for Halloween and the young kids all dressed up. The highlight for them both being tiny baby Marichka dressed as an adorable pumpkin just days old in her mother’s arms.

At ten days old Ellen visited baby Marichka again and her parents as the community midwifery team handed care over to the health visiting team. Having now helped the family enroll with a GP surgery Ellen felt more reassured that both the baby and new mother were being thoroughly looked after. Ihor, Bakai and Yan all got places at Francis Wright nursery on the same joint campus as two primary schools with Rosebank Primary accepting Katya, Faddei, Fadeyka and the twins Liliya and Larysa. 

Nadia continued to settle well in Morgan Academy and her mum continued to enjoy visits from one of the ladies from Jack’s church, though she still really struggled to leave her flat on her own. Taras and Vladislav remained very popular among all the residents with Taras often leading traditional Ukrainian sing-a-longs in the community flats when he wasn’t studying. Mylana gave birth to a beautiful baby boy in the middle of January and named him Ivan which Daniel joked was the easiest name of everyone’s to actually pronounce!

The first Christmas in Tulloch Court was a massive week long celebration, even more so for Ellen and Daniel as Daniel finally completed the sale of his beloved house in Hillington Gardens and moved in to the caretakers flat with Ellen at last. The entire tower block entered into a secret Santa: primarily organised and ran by Marselina and Teona. The community flats seemed to be filled daily with food donated both from the community and from within the tower block itself and on Christmas Eve the entire downstairs entrance was decorated and filled with music and dancing. Even the Antonova’s at their elderly age came down to join in and lead the dancing just like they had done the day before leaving the cruise ship.

Ellen did have days where things felt very overwhelming and she struggled especially when photos or stories of her success were spread across the media and Keith Bryant continued to take the public credit for everything despite never setting foot in the block of flats ever again. It was only due to Daniel’s insistence on leaving the matter that she didn’t make a formal complaint.

Daniel helped out at events and doing odd jobs for everyone where he could in between shifts at a Tesco distribution centre for the agency he now worked for. He’s currently hoping to be employed directly by Tesco when he completes his trial period ending next month. He even helped Myroslava gain employment working the tills at one of the stores supplied by the centre where he’s now based.

As for Ellen and Daniel, well they are stronger than ever as a couple and often find themselves so busy that they get back to their flat seriously desperate to use the only toilet. Ellen often enjoys running herself a long hot bath right when she knows Daniel will arrive back from work having likely not had time to pee all shift. Not that Daniel ever objects to seeing her naked or being watched pissing! His favourite thing by far though is casually watching his adorable larger woman doing what she does best of all: helping everyone around her whilst holding her own very full bladder until the very last second.

As for his mum, well he did take Ellen to meet her once, though he accidentally forgot to remind Ellen of her strictness in not allowing guests or even family to use her bathroom. By the time they managed to leave after dinner and copious amounts of tea they were both frantic to empty their bladders and neither arrived back at Daniel’s house fully dry. Although stressed initially it proved to be the catalyst for one very sexy and pleasant evening before Ellen had to return to Dundee the following day. Daniel still orders and pays for his mum’s weekly grocery shop though he now only visits once a month instead of every week. His mum still sends him back with meals too despite his insistence that he can now cook for himself.

But the thing about Daniel and Ellen is far from over. Maybe one day we’ll return to them and find out how life in Dundee is treating them and enjoy more times in their company. Until then I’m sure you’ll join me in wishing them all the best both in their personal and professional lives as we all hope they drink plenty and keep holding on.

*502*2024-09-07 10:17

There will be an authors note to end this asap and then that will be this novel finally complete. Thank you to everyone who has followed and read this. It means a lot to me.

