Jade's First Day as Grocery Manager

Author: mikedewars

*000*2024-07-22 23:02

Jade has just been promoted to manager of the grocery section of the store.

Carole, the General Manager of the store and Jade's boss goes over to the grocery section at the middle of Jade's shift.

"How are you feeling about your first day since I promoted you, Jade?"

"I'm amazed at how busy I've been." Jade replies.

Carole says "The grocery department is generally the most busy in this store, but hopefully that’s making your shift go by quickly! It’s already been 4 hours."

"Has it really? I didn't notice." Jade looks at her watch.

"Well I have some more things I need to take care of. See you later?"

Carole says "Yes of course if you need assistance just call."

Jade goes to the frozen foods aisle to help with restocking. The grocery section is short handed today, there is only one other girl helping with restocking.

Jade has been so busy she is just beginning to notice her filling bladder.

"Wow there’s a lot to restock today." Jessica remarks to Jade. "Every aisle needs something. I can’t believe how busy it’s been."

Jade doesn't realize she is doing a little peepee dance that she often does when holding.

"Are you ok?" Jessica asks.

"Why do you ask?" Jade replies

"You are just umm dancing a bit."

"Am I? I often do that. It helps me hold my pee." Jade says.

"We all need to pee pretty bad by the end of our shifts here.

Carole doesn't allow us to pee during our shifts."

Jade continues "She has never let me pee."

"Maybe it's just you." Jessica says.

"My old manager didn’t even notice when I go pee."

"Well," Jade says, "Carole told me that as grocery manager I am not supposed to let any of the girls pee until the end of their shifts."

"Oh please don’t tell her that we go." Jessica says.

"I’d explode during my shift without a break."

"I won't tell, but don't get caught."

Jade continues stocking, dancing the whole time.

"Speaking of going could I maybe take my break soon?" Jessica asks.

"I don't know if you will be able to." Jade says. "We have so much to do."

"Oh really?" Jessica crosses her legs.

Jade continues "Its just a few more hours."

"Hours! But I need to go now." Jessica squirms.

"I'm afraid you cant." says Jade.

"Please I’ve drank a lot of water." Jessica admits.

"What if you just let me take my lunch break?" Jessica begins to dance.

"You are entitled to a lunch break, but there are so many empty shelves. We better fill as many of them as we can at least partially before I let you go to lunch." Jade says. "I'm going to go over to the cereal aisle and start filling in there. You go to the soft drinks aisle."

Jessica goes to the soft drinks aisle as instructed.

Jade is starting to feel her bladder pretty bad now too. She dances over to the cereal aisle. Jade keeps dancing as she makes a list of stock that needs to be filled in for this aisle.

Jenna, the Deli manager comes over to the cereal aisle.

"Hey I wanted to check how your first day was going!"

"I can't believe how busy it is today. And we're short handed." Jade is dancing and writing the list while she is talking.

"It looks like your bladder is getting really full too." Jenna notices.

"Yeah, as usual." Jade admits.

"Why don’t I help out?" Jenna asks.

"The deli is really slow today I can help fill some shelves with you."

"Ok, that would be great." Jade says. "Heres a list for this aisle. Lets go to the storeroom and load up a cart." Both girls walk into the storeroom together.

Jade's bladder is really getting very full now. She holds herself with her hand as soon as she gets in there.

"Oooh that helps so much." she says.

Jenna looks out through the window of the door.

"Ummm Jade it looks like the girl in the soft drink aisle is about to explode look at her." Jessica is dancing around like crazy and holding herself in full view of customers.

Jade is suddenly struck by a wave of desperation caused by seeing Jessica's gyrations. She grabs hard with both hands.

"Well, as you said, shes gonna explode. Maybe I have to let her go pee."

"Oh no don't do that. If you let her go you’ll be tortured!" Jenna says. "I can tell that knowing others get to relieve their bladder really affects yours."

"It always drives me crazy to see other people getting relief." Jade admits. "I will let her hold however she needs back here so she can regain control. Can't have her holding in front of customers."

Jenna yells to Jessica to come to the back room.

Jade is dancing and holding herself desperately now.

"Your manager has something to tell you, Jessica." Jenna says.

Jessica comes to the storeroom, she is absolutely desperate to pee. Jade tells her "You really cant be holding yourself in front of the customers. You may come in here to hold yourself any time you need."

"I really can’t wait any longer." Jessica says.

"Well, just sit here and hold yourself until you regain your composure." Jade says, still holding herself with her hand.

Meanwhile Carole is upstairs in her office watching all of this on a hidden camera and enjoying it while pleasuring herself. Carole has a huge pee desperation fetish.

"Come on Jessica, do like me. Hold with both hands to regain control." Jade says. Jessica grabs herself hard with both hands.

Both girls are pee dancing like crazy in the back and Carole is moaning loudly upstairs enjoying the show they are giving her.

Jessica is at the end of her ability to hold though.

She puts her hands inside her panties. "I cant hold it." she whines.

Jade tries to help Jessica hold.

"You have to get your composure back."

Jessica says "I can’t it’s about to come out!"

Jessica finally runs off to the ladies room, hands in her panties, dribbling pee all the way.

Jade tries to get herself back under control, but she can't.

Seeing Jessica run to relieve herself was too much for her.

Jade runs to the ladies room too and releases her torrent of pee in the stall next to Jessica.

Seeing that makes Carole cum hard. She is going to enjoy watching these two going forward.

