(Commission) Michelle's Iron Bladder - The Art Gallery Date

Author: MaxMorgan

*000*2025-02-03 21:31

This story contains female extreme bladder holding and unusually large/strong bladder.

Another free chapter, this time from Michelle's Iron Bladder - thank you to the commissioner for an excellent story idea! I had a lot of fun writing this one.

Background: Mark and Michelle have already been on several dates, during which he has noticed her impossibly large and strong bladder. She declines to use the bathroom most of the time, instead choosing to hold it because that's simply what she always does.

###

A few days after their movie date, Mark received a Facebook invite to Michelle’s gallery open day. He immediately gave her a call, suggesting that they meet for breakfast before heading over to the gallery. He was excited to see her artwork, and looking forward to getting to know her even better. She agreed to breakfast, although her tone came across as rather irritated and she hung up the call after a very brief conversation; Mark hoped he hadn’t done something to upset her.

When the day of the gallery show came, Mark was up bright and early and ready to see her. They met at the same coffee shop as their first date, and she was already waiting for him with a spread of toast, pastries, and coffee on the table. Michelle was dressed much more formally this time, with a clean well-fitted white blouse and professional slacks that hugged her curves. She seemed in a much better mood than when they had spoken on the phone, which Mark was grateful for.

Mark enjoyed the pastries, and they went back for additional servings of the croissants and coffees several times before they finished their breakfast. They chatted about the movie they had seen last week, and other movies they both enjoyed, for about an hour before Michelle announced that they had better head over to her gallery. Mark’s bladder was full of coffee and he quickly excused himself to the toilet, but noted that Michelle again decided to forgo the bathrooms, instead using the time to tidy the table and scroll on her phone.

Michelle’s gallery was just a short way down the road, but since they were already running a bit late they decided to take Mark’s car. Once they arrived at the gallery, he noticed that there were already people queuing outside to be let in – this surprised him, because he had figured that Michelle was more of an ‘underground’ artist, not the kind of artist with people lining up to view her work. Michelle greeted all of the patrons and unlocked the gallery, letting them in to wander and view her art.

This was the first time he had seen any of her paintings, so Mark was curious to explore as well. She offered him a tour of the building before setting him loose in the gallery, so that he would easily be able to find her again when he was ready. The building had the main gallery at the front, which contained a large room filled with her artwork – mainly paintings, but also some small clay and wire sculptures.

Through a small door in the back wall, they came into a short hallway with a room on either side. The left door opened into a small storage room totally jam packed with canvases and buckets of paint. On the right was Michelle’s work room: a couple of in-progress paintings were positioned around the room, and a paint-splattered desk contained stacks of papers and paintbrushes. There was a small couch and coffee table area crowded in the back corner with a large water cooler bubbling quietly next to it.

‘You can go and have a look at the art now, if you like. I’ll be out in the main room chatting to customers for most of today, but if you can’t find me I’ll be in here taking a break.’

He headed back out into the gallery, and spent an enjoyable couple of hours perusing the artwork. While he was there, several customers bought art pieces. He particularly liked a series she had done with watercolour, focused on local beaches and lakes. He debated buying some for himself, but thought that might seem like he was trying too hard.

Lunch time rolled around, and his stomach started to growl. He hunted around for Michelle and found her chatting to a customer.

‘Hey, how’s it going? Awesome art, by the way. I’m thinking of popping down the road to Burger King to grab some lunch, can I get you anything?’

‘Oh, hi. Yes please, just some nuggets and a Coke. I just need to ring up this customer, but I’ll meet you in the back room to eat shortly.’

Just as Mark was heading out of the room, he felt a twinge in his bladder. He turned and raised his voice a little so that Michelle could hear him.

‘Sorry, Michelle, just before I go – where’s the bathroom?’

‘What?’ she replied irritably.

‘Bathroom?’ he said back, a little louder this time so she could hear him.

‘Oh, no. There isn’t one here. Use the public bathroom across the road.’

She turned back to the customer hurriedly before he got a chance to reply, so he shrugged and walked out the door. He was surprised that there was no bathroom here, but he figured Michelle must not have much need for a toilet when she had such a strong bladder.

Arriving back to the gallery with arms full of burgers, nuggets and large drinks, he spotted Michelle from across the room. His eyes were drawn to her bulging bladder, stark below her business pants. She didn’t seem to notice the huge bulge, talking in a low voice to another customer. He met her eyes and headed to the back room with the food.

Michelle came in a little while later, and picked up the nuggets and Coke. As she sat down, she winced slightly, as if the movement had put pressure on her full bladder.

‘Ugh, I have to pee. It’s making it hard to focus. I think I’m doing pretty well today though, I’ve already sold eight art pieces and there’s still half a day left.’

‘Awesome! I can keep an eye on the place if you want to run to the bathroom across the street?’ replied Mark, secretly hoping she would decline his offer so that he could keep an eye on her growing bladder bulge.

‘No thanks, I’m good. I’m just gonna finish my last few nuggets and I’ll go right back out. You can go home if you want, you don’t have to stay all day.’

‘Oh, I was going to ask if you wanted to grab dinner together afterwards?’

‘Sure, but you still don’t have to stay. We can meet back later.’

‘No worries, I’ll just hang out in the back room here for a bit then we can catch dinner in a couple of hours.’

‘Okay, if you insist, but please don’t interrupt me while I’m with a customer again.’ She threw that last remark over her shoulder as she exited the room, shooting a withering stare across at Mark.

‘Sorry!’ he yelped back, unsure if she even heard him.

The water cooler was significantly less full than it had been this morning; had she been drinking water all day and ignoring the bathroom? Once again he was shocked and awed by her bladder capacity. He wondered how long she really could hold it. It had been close to six hours already, and he had clearly seen her full bladder pushing out of her abdomen. He mentally resolved not to mention the bathroom to her again today, hoping to see how far she would go.

A couple of hours later, Mark woke groggily on the couch in Michelle’s back room. Confusion blurred his thoughts; he didn’t remember laying down, and he certainly had no intentions for a nap. Sun was shining weakly on a slant through the one small window, giving everything in the room a washed out hue. He checked his watch and sat up with a start. It was already dinner time.

Michelle came into the room as he was rubbing his eyes and checking his phone.

‘Oh, hi. I was starting to think you were never going to wake up, heh. Get up, let’s go to dinner, I’m starving.’

‘Ah–okay. Yep, let’s go.’

He roused himself, ran a hand through his hair and headed out the door. He couldn’t resist a peek at Michelle’s bladder bulge: it was even larger than before, and she had pulled the waistband of her pants up high above the bulge, presumably to lessen the pressure. She had started to hunch slightly forward as she walked, and her gait appeared much stiffer than earlier in the day. She must be really feeling the effects of her bursting bladder by now.

They agreed on a fancy restaurant about half an hour away to celebrate Michelle’s sales from today. They hopped in Mark’s car and began to drive as the sun was drooping lower in the horizon. Michelle kept fidgeting with her seatbelt, yanking on it and trying to get some slack between it and her massive bladder bulge. He found it hard to keep his eyes on the road.

‘God, I really have to piss,’ she said through gritted teeth.

‘Ah, we’re not too far from the restaurant,’ he said.

‘Whatever. Can you just put the radio on? I need some peace and quiet.’

He did as she said, and they drove the rest of the way without speaking.

When they arrived, he expected that she would make a beeline straight to the bathroom, but to his delight she did not. She was still walking stiffly, but she seemed to have forgotten about her bursting bladder. They had to wait a little bit to be seated, but eventually were directed to a quiet, dimly lit corner of the restaurant.

Michelle ordered a glass of wine and a seafood pasta dish, while Mark ordered another Coke and a fancy-looking woodfired pizza. His own bladder was beginning to throb, but he was hesitant to mention the bathroom in case it reminded Michelle of her own overfull bladder. He wanted to see her bladder bulge grow even more.

They chatted for a lovely hour, but Mark’s bladder continued to bother him and he was limiting his consumption of his Coke; Michelle seemed to have no such qualms, downing her wine and ordering two more glasses to follow. Finally, Michelle said ‘my bladder is really aching. It’s been a long day!’ which prompted him to mention his own need. ‘Me too, now that you mention it. I’m just going to run to the bathroom actually.’ He stood up, fully expecting Michelle to follow, and looked at her expectantly.

She just waved a hand nonchalantly; ‘I’m good. You go, though. I can wait, I can’t be bothered to get up right now.’ He was totally shocked that she would ignore the bathroom after she had just complained about her discomfort. He risked another look at her as he walked away to the bathroom – her bladder was the largest he had ever seen, and she was idly massaging the huge bulge. She tapped her feet incessantly, presumably due to her desperation. Once he reached the bathroom, he peed for what felt like an hour. He couldn’t believe she was holding so much pee in her bladder: he had gone at lunch time, but she had been holding since the morning, and his bladder had been full to capacity.

He returned to their table and they finished their meal together in relative normality, apart from Michelle’s attitude slowly growing worse and worse. By the end, she was only responding with short, snippy answers, and he was restless to head home. He paid, and they walked back to his car together. Again, he was shocked that Michelle bypassed the bathroom. Despite her clear irritation and discomfort, she had decided to hold it for the thirty minute journey home again.

During the car ride, he decided it was best not to talk. He turned the music up again, and drove while keeping one eye on Michelle’s bulging and ever-growing bladder. It strained against her pants and she had one hand resting on it, protecting it from the pressure of the seatbelt.

Finally, he dropped her off at home. She climbed awkwardly out of the car and shuffled off back into her house without another word to him. He could see clearly the silhouette of her bladder, and it turned him on unimaginably.

*004*2025-02-05 07:51

Hey @holdit247 and @Rexone_312

I'm so glad you liked it! this was one of my favourite commissions so far

Yes the rest of the chapters are available as a complete e-book on Smashwords here: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/1701528

It's also available on Amazon (Kindle), Kobo and a few other stores so if you have another preference to buy from just let me know and I can link it through to you 😃

*006*2025-02-05 19:40

{{8 hours ago, XxAbthedevxX said:

Do you plan on releasing more chapters here ?

}}

Not at the moment, I usually only release one (of the best) chapters from each e-book for free 😄 I do have another commission I'm working on at the moment which I will share an excerpt from when it's finished!

