The Company retreat

Author: Markj9494

*000*2021-11-12 13:31

Hi, its been a while but here is the start of my next story. Been working on it for months but haven't found the time or motivation to write it, so im sort of forcing my hand by posting the first part to get the ball rolling whether I feel ready or not haha.

Story does / will include scenes of a sexual nature and some bladder filling through catheters later on down the line. Although I dont tend to go into graphic depictions of it.

The Company Retreat.

Chapter 1: Complications

Breathing heavily Demi continued to run, each footfall sending shockwaves through her aching body as she gasped for breath. Starting in her heel they reverberated up her long slender legs, past her toned backside and into her core. It was there that Demi could feel it, the sensation she had been waiting for all week as part of her routine. The throbbing, tingling inside her abdomen from a bladder full to capacity. She didn’t exactly know when she had first noticed the thrill and sense of sexual excitement that it brought, but now in her late twenties she had become an expert in prolonging and maximising it. Although, given living with a flatmate that she also worked with, it had been hard to find time to enjoy it lately.

But with her friend gone for the next few days she had the entire weekend to herself and was starting it out as she meant to go on. The drinks she had downed this morning and the contents of the empty water bottle in her left hand now being heavily restricted by the tight gym clothes she was wearing, the lycra navy shorts a size to small technically but doing exactly the job she wanted them to do. The fire between her legs burning much brighter than the ache from her other muscles and overriding all complaints from her bladder.

But approaching the housing estate she lived on, she couldn’t help sigh a little in relief. For the last mile she had been worrying she had overdone it in her eagerness. The extra drinks compared to when she usually did this, increasing the desperation she was feeling to a level where if she had started 20 minutes later she would have worried about being caught short.

In reality she knew she could last longer, her muscles well trained after years of playing sport and holding at each and every opportunity that came her way. But the possibility of wetting herself was all part of the fantasy swirling around her lustful and horny mind. It had been months since she had been able to enjoy it more openly, having to sneak in a hold here and there but they were never the same. Her morning run one example, but with Jessie her flatmate joining her, she limited herself to stop any outwards displays. Although, she still got the occasional comments from her friend about how much she was drinking.

Crossing the street she checked once again to see if her bottle was empty, it was just like it had been 10 minutes, 5, 2 and 30 seconds ago when she had gone to drink from it. Her eagerness not driven by thirst but longing to load up on more liquids. There was no reason to hide it today. She would make it home nice and hydrated, continue to drink and then see if she could make it through lunch. There was a new eat in Sushi restaurant in town with large windows on three sides, it seemed to always be at capacity.

Something she also wanted to be when she went there later, Although, given the light pulses coming from her bladder each time her foot met the concrete, she might have to tone down the large litre bottle she had set out for her on return. After all it was the desperation and fullness she was into, she had no real wish to pee herself in public, the humiliation and shame were real and worrying consequences to her. Although, she would have been lying if the all too real consequences didn’t heighten the other more pleasurable feelings.

However, as she rounded the corner of her street she saw something strange, her housemates car was parked outside. It had been gone this morning, the company trip setting off at 7am and it was almost 8 now. Unable to sleep in excitement she had even heard Jessie leave before she got up.

Arriving at her house and testing the door handle she found it open and stepping inside she could hear rustling coming from her room.

“Jessie?” She called out, the door to her room opening and a slightly stressed woman standing there. Deep tan lines coming out of her strapless crop top that covered a rather ample set of breasts, the half Colombians body the envy of many women who wanted the sumptuous and wide hipped shape that she had. Although few knew how hard her friend had to work to maintain it.

“I thought you were…” Demi started before being cut off.

“Where have you been, you need to grab that bag I packed for you and we need to go. Jonathan had to back out of the trip because his Nan died or cat died or something, so you get to come. “ Jessie said pointing to a bag in the corner.

“Is he ok?” Demi asked, pressing her legs together for a moment

“Yeah im sure he is fine.” Jessie added dismissively cramming a coat into the already filled bag.

“O…ok, well I will just go and change.” Demi started.

“There is no time. We are already late, why didn’t you answer your phone!” Jessie continued, waving her hands around dramatically.

Opening her small running belt Demi found the dozen hydration tables she had forgotten about and her phone, which switching it on revealed 9 missed calls and several messages from Jessie. Her attention all aimed inwards and causing her to miss the gentle vibrations from her phone.

“Sorry” Demi smiled sheepishly.

“Yeah well, let go, now!” Jessie replied, grabbing Demi by the hand and pulling her out of the house without another word.

Getting in Jessie’s car Demi felt her bladder throb, but pulling the seatbelt across she reminded herself that this is what she wanted. Besides, it was just a 15 minute drive to the airport and for an international flight she would have plenty of time to pee before boarding. Although part of her wondered what take-off would feel like with a bladder full to the brim, the sudden acceleration compressing it down inside her. But as the car turned on she shook that mental image to the back of her mind, she had read one too many stories of people wetting themselves when the seat belt light doesn't turn off to actually want to try it, no matter how hot she found those she had read. Trying to distract herself she started checking through her bag packed by Jessie and was happy to see her friend had managed to get everything she could possibly need. The brunette always being the more organised of the two so it made sense she would know what to bring, even when she was in a slight panic.

“I put that bottle of water you left out in too in case you need a drink” Jessie said as the pulled onto the main road.

“Thanks” Demi smiled, not wanting to raise any questions she picked up the bottle and took a large swig from it. Carefully screwing the top back she placed it back in the bag. Although, given it was a flight she would have to get rid of it before going through security. The voice in the bag of her head telling her to just chug it now and enjoy it, but thankfully on this case her better judgement won out.

Leaning back she crossed her legs tightly, allowing herself to focus on the feeling in her bladder. The urgency she had felt was much lesser now, making her realise it was mostly all in her head anyway. The dull ache of her full bladder still causing her some discomfort, but it was the fact her weeks plan had been completely ruined that was upsetting her most. She knew that Jessie was probably just thinking it would be good for her to be at this retreat, it would let them get to know a few of the others she worked with.

Despite having worked at the company for years together she never really had gotten to know any of them other than Jessie. It would also look good for any promotions she would go for in the future. She had been in this position for almost 6 years now, many people had come and gone but she had just been stuck there, some of the others referring to her as a “lifer”. Demi could think of worse things to do than marketing, but at the same time if she ever wanted to own a house she would need a better paying job.

“Right come on, they are waiting for us” Jessie said, hurriedly parking the car a few minutes later.

Looking out of the window they were not at the airport but at work. What made it worse was the mini-bus parked across from them, their boss standing with her arms folded and a glare on her face that clearly showed she wasn’t happy with them.

“I thought you said Demi would be good to go, you have been more than an hour.” Their boss started at Jessie, her cold and unnerving gaze enough to stop a charging bull.

“Im sorry, there were some complications.” Jessie said, trying to be diplomatic, heaving a bag into the back of the minibus.

“Well, I don’t care. We have a booked room this evening at the lodge that we need to get to on time. I wont have our business wasting money booking things, only for people like you two, to make us miss the appointments. Now lets go!”

Loading her bag and getting on the bus Demi grabbed a seat by the window, re-crossing her legs and placing a hand between them. It would be fine, she told herself. She had already been planning on holding it for another couple of hours, aiming to make it through lunch. She had held it plenty of times in past and hadn’t really had an accident in years. Most of her "accidents" usually just her peeing herself in the brief moments of secrecy and timed between Jessie appearing or not. Thinking about it, it wasnt since she was at uni that she had actually wet herself properly, the really memorable time was when she had found herself bursting to after holding it from Friday morning all through her lectures and even a night out with pint after pint of cider.

But getting back to halls she had kept holding it on her bed, by 1am her whole body was awake with electric energy as she bounced on her heel with a hand in her pants. Alcohol lowering her inhibitions and making her tipsily push her body further and further. Only for the fire alarm to go off just at the wrong moment, her RA banging on all their doors as someone in the corridor opposite burnt their pizza.

She had been forced from her bed, bladder quivering with need to stand in the cold with all her flat mates. After 17 hours it was impossible to hide her bladder bulge or desperate antic’s, many of her housemates watching on or even laughing at the predicament. It was still one of the most embarrassing, painful and erotic moments of her life. Somehow she had survived the 30 minutes wait for the security team to arrive and confirm the building was in fact not burning down. As soon as they had said it was ok to go in she had rushed in, through to her room and slammed the door shut. Her control immediately failing before she could reach her en-suite. She had stood just inside the bathroom wetting herself and furiously masturbating to 1, 2, 3, countless orgasms as pain gave way to sheer pleasure. How many times had she thought about that night over the last few years, she missed the freedom of those more carefree and explorative years.

Feeling the engine turn on Demi couldn’t help but let out a little sigh, but embarrassingly it wasn’t in desperation. Despite the fact she was surrounded by her colleagues, it seemed the pleasure she had been building up inside herself was going nowhere, not helped by her reminiscing about that night. The gentle vibrations causing ripples in her bladder and goose bumps to form all over her body. Her subconscious doing its best to humiliate her as she went wide eyed, a familiar tingling starting to develop inside her. She was now stuck on a bus for who knows how long and without access to a bathroom, one of her ultimate fantasies. She would never have designed it this way, but that didn’t stop her head feeling a little lighter headed than normal. Swallowing deeply and feeling her nipples hardening against the tight fabric of her sports bra she tried to focus on something else, anything else!

“Alright ladies” Her boss said standing up at the front.

Thank goodness…Demi thought.

“So we have to be in Bern (Switzerland) by 6pm and thanks to our tardy colleagues here.” She said indicating to them both, “we are running over an hour late. To fix this we are going to have to cut out a number of our stops on the way there. We had scheduled 5, each around 15 minutes.” She continued, pulling out a large itinerary of everything they were supposed to be doing. “But in light of the delay this morning I’m afraid we are only going to be able to make one stop.”

“But what abut...comfort breaks?” Sally brought up, the small petite woman known for two things, her love of hamsters and frequent toilet breaks at the office. Even at work functions she would usually be the one asking around to see if anyone else needed to go. A strange need to socialise when peeing, or perhaps to make her fell less like she was the only one who needed too.

“We are all grown women, you just have to hold it. Its only a few hours and we will stop in France.” Their boss continued before taking the drivers seat at the front. Starting to pull out of the large car park and heading off for the corporate retreat, Demi couldn't believe what she had just heard.

###

Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed the first chapter of this new story.

Then next couple of chapters are more or less written so should be out relatively soon.

If you have any thoughts or comments I would love to hear them!

*004*2021-11-14 01:25

Chapter 2: A key mistake

Soon lunchtime had come and gone, the goal Demi had set herself for holding passing by like one of the many small French towns the other side of the window. The ache in her bladder increasing terribly as each hour passed and despite her best efforts she couldn’t help but fidget in her seat. Luckily she wasn’t the only one.

Approaching 1pm they had been on the bus for over 4 hours, and it was clear that many of the women on the bus were feeling a similar sensation to her. The general chatter had died down and although no one seemed on the brink of losing it, Demi found herself surrounded by crossed legs. An impromptu holding contest had sprung up, not that any of the others were pleased about it. But after years of watching videos of desperate men and women online, she had gotten good at gauging the severity of someone’s desperation.

“Lena?” A voice asked ahead of her.

“Yes Sally?” Their boss replied from the drivers seat.

“I need to use a bathroom, do you know when the next stop is?” Sally asked, Demi noticing a number of peoples attentions turning to the question and its to be answer.

“Well the stop is in about 5 minutes. But since we have actually made good time, we should be able to get a bit longer so lets say 20 minutes and I want us back on the bus.”

“Ok” Sally said softly, her legs bouncing up and down in her seat as she clearly struggled to keep her composure. The quiet anguished acceptance causing Demi’s heart to flutter slightly, the situation and building tension doing nothing for the other fire burning inside her body. Crossing her legs she allowed herself to gently squeeze and release her thighs, applying just the smallest amount of pleasurable pressure where she needed it most. Her muscles still feeling strong and in control, despite the pressure and discomfort she was experiencing from her bladder.

But It wasn’t just Sally, looking away she tried to calm herself again, but now everywhere she turned she could see the signs of desperation usually reserved for her late nights. Sally was the worst, a couple of others Becca and Maggie showing similar signs but less pronounced. Embarrassingly Demi was sure the others would likely take her current squirming to mean she was in the same situation; little did they know. She couldn’t see her boss Lena at the front, but given her calm demeanour and conversation about the wait she was probably doing fine. Opposite Demi, the buxom Jessie was doing just fine, as was the ruby red head India.

Although her face was a little red and even from a few rows back she could make out the subtle clenching and releasing of legs muscles. But despite the discomfort It seemed they were all going to make it. It was also only now that she realised by filling in, all the women from the department had come on this trip. The three male employees of their small marketing team left behind and making it a lady’s retreat, although she doubted that their boss would let them enjoy themselves too much.

Squeezing her legs together again a few minutes later Demi was relieved to hear the indicator of the minibus activate as they pulled off the highway and towards a services. Her bladder beginning to pulse lightly as if it knew she was close to relief.

“Oh thank god, not a moment to soon” Jessie said, peering across from her row opposite despite her calmness it seemed even she needed to go. The group making the most of the half empty vehicle to spread out, many having a nap but all seemingly awake and looking eagerly towards their stop.

“Alright ladies, 20 minutes and I want you back on and ready to go. We really cant be late.” Lena said sternly a few minutes later as they slowed to a stop.

“Oh god” Sally groaned as she stood, urgently flinging the seatbelt off and rushing off in the direction of the toilets without so much as a second glance to the others. Her legs twisting and pressing against each other awkwardly as she walked or more waddled quickly.

“I guess she really had to go” Jessie joked, but Sally wasn’t the only one as soon everyone followed suit. The last 5 hours making them all suitably desperate and taking longer than many of them would have liked.

Stepping off the bus Demi took a moment to stretch her legs, pushing her elbows together behind her back to work out a kink she couldn’t help but groan softly as the manoeuvre pressed her bladder against her tight clothing even more. The tight waistband of her workout clothes digging in and sending a painful cramp through her abdomen.

Breathing deeply she allowed herself to squeeze between her legs for a moment as she fought off the spike of urgency. The pain slowly abating but the heavy ache of her full bladder causing her some considerable discomfort still. The lead weight inside her pulling at her muscles and nerves relentlessly for the last few hours. Now at around 1pm she had made it to her target and despite the thrill of the hold she was more than looking forward to releasing the vast quantity of urine held inside her. Focusing on it for one last time she allowed herself to drift off and enjoy the tingling sensations that accompanied the discomfort. The strange sense of excitement and alluring nature of the fight between mind and body making her shiver slightly as her hand pressed into her crotch again.

“Demi” a voice behind her called.

“Yes Lena?” She replied, whipping her hand away as she turned to meet her boss. The sudden movement and twist causing new and sharper ripples to flow through her body.

“Since you are a fill in and were late this morning, I need to go over some of the meeting agenda for the conference” Lena continued, ignoring or not noticing the look on Demi’s face, unpacking a small folder and placing it on a large bollard next to where they had parked.

Demi didn’t have time for this, but stepping closer she put one leg behind the other and crossed them tightly, attempting not to bob up and down or fidget in desperation. Her boss wasn’t one for childish antics and she got the feeling Lena was already a little annoyed by her.

“Ok, so the clients are Muller Medical and we are doing the full suite of advertising for them.”

Nodding Demi hoped if she just agreed with everything the boss said she could rush off sooner rather than later.

“They are a medical industry equipment provider in Europe, direct to hospitals. However, they have just partnered with an American company and are hoping to move into the private healthcare sector. As such, we need to go through all of their products and create marketing materials for each and every one of them. Now given that we are not medical experts they arranged this little get away conference so that we can spit ball some ideas and talk to their experts. So, the basic presentation we are going to give tomorrow is just a summary of our work in the past and other campaigns. For example, I’ve picked a lot of your teams work for the Jacobs product line. But don’t worry too much about that, we will have a practice run through it all when we arrive.”

Still nodding she peered over the folder she saw the faintest look of acknowledgements from her boss that she was happy with how Demi was listening. Despite a part of her brain longing to wrap this up as quickly as possible.

“But for now, I would like you to go through this and see if you can organise some of these products into categories for the types of campaigns we would run for them. They sent them over in production grouping to make it easier for us…but most of it doesn’t make sense for us.” Lena said, handing over the heavy binder. “There are a bunch of sample products in the bus too you might like to look through”

“Certainly” Demi smiled, grabbing the binder. Pausing for a moment she waited for her boss to continue, before realising that the conversation was over and without giving her a second to change her mind she turned back into the minibus, walking to her seat she carefully placed the folder on the seat next to her. Seeing her half drunk bottle she uncapped it and took a quick swig from it. Her bladder protesting, but having not drunk anything over the last hour or so to protect it, her mouth was extremely dry. Swilling it around in her mouth for a couple of seconds she swallowed, feeling the liquid flow down her throat and a slight waiver of discomfort coming from her bladder. But that wouldn’t matter soon.

Stepping off the bus again she sighed in relief, taking a deep breath and despite the aching fullness in her abdomen and discomfort it was causing she felt strangely relaxed. Now on her own she didn’t have to worry about the pretence of not acting desperately and was free to gently press her crotch. The faint tingling returning although now dwarfed by the discomfort it was still enjoyable to think about what had happened over the last 6 hours. It seemed an age since she had tanked up on fluids this morning, somehow holding it through her run and even a five-hour drive.

She had beaten her target of lunch time and putting a hand on her bloated bladder she was strangely proud of herself. Unable to stop herself she gave it a gentle press, the allure of the consequences and knowing she shouldn’t do it getting the better of her. But feeling a sharp pulse from it, her knees threatened to give way as she moaned softly. The location she had pressed now throbbing and sending more ripples of pain and pleasure around her body.

Returning her hand between her legs she shored up the muscles that she had just abused, deciding that perhaps now was the best time to go before she actually lost control. Her aching muscles still feeling strong and in control, but being tested by the volume of liquid she was asking them to keep inside her. However, as she enjoyed the momentary relief of being alone she realised something, she was alone…and didn’t have the key to the minivan.

Looking through the door she could see her friends bags and belongings still on their seats, expensive phones laptops and music playing devices that she knew she couldn’t just leave. Sighing in frustration Demi slid the door closed, moving over to the small patch of grass and beginning to pace around. Conscious of the buses and cars arriving in the near distance and meaning that any one of them could come over and join them. Part of her wanted to just squat right here, but she would have hated to think what her boss would do if she saw never mind the passing strangers.

Pacing around that small patch of grass Demi cursed her boss and work colleagues in her head for the next 15 minutes. She could have sworn several of the cars she had seen going in had come out since they had been in there. What could possibly be keeping them so long, don’t they realise I have to pee, she thought to herself. Spotting a rock on the grass she swung her foot at it, only to groan in pain as the small pebble on the surface turned out to be a much larger buried rock.

“Fuck me!” Demi shouted, bending over and cradling her bladder as pain seemed to flow between her foot and the bloated organ inside her. The right foot now welling up with a warm pain not dissimilar to how other parts of her felt. “Where the fuck are they” she whispered to herself as she folded her arms across her stomach, her bladder now bulging far enough out she could almost rest her arms on it. Her normally flat stomach pushing out further than she could ever remember…well maybe other than the time she had gone a little overboard at an all you can eat Korean Barbecue. But as far as holds went, this was quickly moving to the top of the list.

Thankfully a minute later she noticed the gaggle of her co-workers walking towards her. Assuming on one would steal anything in the time it took them to get there she started towards them, her gate awkward as she walked on stiff legs.

“Hey, boss got us all a coffee” Jessie said, holding out a trey of four cups towards her. But the last thing on her mind was more liquid. “Just…popping to the loo” Demi said hastily as she shuffled passed the group.

“You only have like 5 minutes” Jessie replied.

Nodding as politely as she could, Demi couldn’t help but think whose fault that was as she continued her dash around the back of the building. But approaching the toilets she could have wept, a long line of over 25 women were stood ahead of her. Tapping their toes and some with stern expressions on their face, it seemed she wasn’t the only one in need of relief. How could this be happening to her!

Biting her nails Demi grunted in discontent as she pressed her legs together tightly while her bladder throbbed in anger at what she was realising, she would have to keep holding it. The very thought sending painful waves of desperation shooting through her body. Looking to the right she thought about rushing into the men’s, but there was an equally long but faster moving line. A tour coach having just arrived and beaten her too it.

Why was the universe punishing her, she had only wanted a little fun in her own privacy not this! The stars and her own ego aligning and creating this terrible situation that had now gone well past her expectations and limits for fun. She hadn’t even wanted to come on this trip and now she was suffering for helping them out and coming at the last moment.

The door to the toilets opened and out came India, the slight woman appearing a little sheepishly, her skin flushed and sweaty with a strange look on her face as she avoided making eye contact. The short woman clearly feeling the effects of having to hold her bladder for the last 5 hours, although part of Demi wondered if she had made it completely dry by the strange look she had on her face. A thought that would usually have excited her, but now all she could do was wish that she had been next in line. The fidgeting woman smiling and pushing into the only available stall.

“Oh…” India said, looking up and realising it was Demi “Were you waiting for me?”

“No, I was” Demi gestured to the line, standing upright and doing her best not to fidget in front of her co-worker.

“Oh…OH” India said with a look of realisation before looking away. “So are you, I mean with the” India stammered.

“Yeah, I will be fine. I barely need to go” Demi waved it off lying. Could she make it 4 hours to the hotel, or maybe she could convince her boss to stop somewhere.

Walking back to the bus Demi did her best to control herself, trying to appear normal although the subtle glances from India suggested she was doing a bad job of that.

“Are we all ready to go?” Lena asked as they gathered around the bus, many of the others sipping on their small coffee’s. The boss’s generosity clearly limited but that might turn out to be a good thing with no more bathroom breaks until they arrived.

“Here” Jessie said, handing Demi and India a pair of coffee’s.

Pausing for a moment Demi met India’s gaze as they both seemed to pause, wondering if it was a good idea. But with Jessie stood expectantly they both gave in and accepted the drink. After all they didn’t have to drink it.

Sitting down in her chair, Demi couldn’t help but let out a gentle sigh, her bladder tensing and throbbing inside her. It was clearly angry about its current predicament and was making sure she knew. But with no other options she just had to cross her legs and hold it. She did this stuff all the time she reminded herself, she could totally do this. After all her breakfast and water from the run must have already gone through her, so surely it wouldn’t be getting any worse if she didn’t drink anything. But looking down at the coffee she realised that she would probably and should probably drink it, otherwise her boss might get a little annoyed. On the plus side its small volume surely wouldn’t have made a dent on her empty bladder so it wouldn’t have too much of an impact on her full one...right?

Taking her first sip she felt her bladder complain again, but with her toned thighs gently rubbing against each other Demi tried pushing all thoughts of peeing to the back of her mind. The bus pulling back out of the services and onto the road, she was once again trapped with a full bladder and 4 hours until her next stop. Placing her hands on her bloated abdomen she was amazed to feel how full it was, she was really pushing her limits. But despite that, Demi still felt strangely confident, or maybe intrigued to see how far she could really push her body.

That time at university was the last time she had really lost control, she had been about to pee almost an hour before the alarm, but the situation had pushed her further than she could remember. The only thing that made her break was returning to her room and being able to pee. Since then her control had gotten so much better after years of experimenting, and she hadn’t drunk nearly as much as that day yet. Maybe she really didn't know her limits, how far could she push it if she never got that chance to pee?

Looking down at her coffee Demi bit her lip for a moment before raising it to her mouth and taking another mouthful, she would be fine.

Grabbing the folder on the seat next to her she began to flip through it. Scrounging some post it notes from Becca ahead of her, she began creating a key word list for each product and device. That way when they go there they could all start grouping them as their boss had asked. Perhaps if she finished it early enough, should could regain some good will with Lena, maybe even enough for a rest stop.

###

I hope you all enjoyed part 2, but of a slow start but I hope enough tension to keep people interested.

Thank you for all the kind comments so far!

Those were both shorter parts so it was easy to get them out so soon one after another. Might be a few more days before the next one.

