The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 15

Author: Mbgpeelover

*350*2024-02-01 00:31

Daniel stresses over funding

Watching Ellen as she slid her finished tray in the trolley by the wall then walked head held high through the canteen before stopping to talk to someone Daniel couldn’t stop grinning. He couldn’t recall when he last had a date with someone and the thought of going out in public with Ellen thrilled him immensely. Just two days ago she’d appeared to escape out the door as quickly as she could when he told her he loved her just as she was leaving for her day in Dundee. Now she’d finally agreed to go out for dinner with him and his heart was beating fast in anticipation of it already.

No longer able to see or hear Ellen now he went to stand up to take his own tray to the trollies when his phone buzzed in his pocket. Taking it out he saw the number had a Dundee area code so he answered right away. The caller introduced themselves as Callum Mackie from Starter Packs Dundee and Daniel guessed why they were calling. Frustratingly they had yet to receive the funding necessary to provide a pack for every flat in Tulloch Court as Daniel discussed what they could provide and what they needed. Promising to chase up the funding he was not surprised to hear they still hadn’t had any contact from Keith Bryan, his counterpart in Dundee. Committing himself to calling Callum back later that afternoon Daniel ended the call feeling harassed.

Deciding to call his own boss right away to find out why the funding hadn’t been transferred he scrolled to Archie Waters name and pressed to call him. Having to persuade his boss’ secretary that the matter was urgent and couldn’t wait Daniel was relieved to finally be put through to his boss, even if the sound of his voice did make him anxious.

“Archie Waters. How can I help you?”

“It’s Daniel Omari here. I’ve just had one of the key charities in Dundee, Starter Packs Dundee, on the phone to me. We’re less than a week away now from moving day here and apparently they still haven’t received the funding that was agreed. I sent the online forms almost a week ago now. I was wondering if you knew why there was a hold up?”

“Ah Daniel. Good to hear from you. Not much longer and we’ll have you back here in the office eh! I’m afraid there’s been some confusion on your part. I did indeed get your form but I’m afraid the finance department couldn’t authorise that payment, nor any of the others directly to organisations in Dundee. It’s all to do with funding streams you see. I maybe should have explained that to you better, but I’m sure I did stress it during the last council meeting, though I recall you leaving that meeting rather abruptly mid way through which really didn’t go unnoticed I must say.”

“So are you saying none of the Dundee based charities or organisations can be paid?”

“No im not saying that. I’m saying WE can’t pay them. The funding we have been allocated is directly in relation to costs incurred in moving the Ukrainians OUT of our area. Any costs incurred once they have moved are the responsibility of Dundee City Council, not us. We have more than paid our fair share you know. Your job, may I remind you, is to just get them moved on, nothing more. We’ve lost millions on these people we will never get back and we’ve done our time. The sooner I have my full staff quota back here the better. You understand?”

“So we just leave the refugees in Dundee with just what they have the day they leave this cruise ship?”

“Exactly. Not our responsibility Daniel. Now I have a meeting I am running late for. Send me an email when that damn cruise leaves at last won’t you? It can’t come quick enough for me!”

“I will. Thanks.”

Hearing silence on the other end of the phone Daniel assumed his boss had hung up the call as he pressed his own phone to end the call, picked up his empty tray and walked over to the trollies to slide it into a free slot. His mind working overtime trying to think how on earth to proceed from here his frustrations got the better of him and he scrolled down his phone to Keith Bryan. Angry at having to go cap in hand to a man who he knew would be delighted to have the power over him Daniel stood still as every ring of the phone made him more annoyed.

“Keith Bryan, senior housing officer, Dundee City Council, how may I help you?”

“Hi Keith, it’s Daniel Omari here, housing officer for Glasgow City Council. We met last week when I came through to see Tulloch Court with my colleague Ellen Hemmingdale. I’ve just been on the phone to my superior, Mr. Archie Waters, in relation to some vital funding for Dundee and Angus food bank and Starter Packs Dundee.”

Swallowing hard Daniel found a nearby seat to sit down on as he boldly carried on.

“You mentioned both charities, among some others, at the meeting last week which you joined virtually. I have been in contact with both these wonderful groups, thank you for bringing them to my attention actually, and both are particularly keen to work with us.”

“I think you’ll find it was me who did that Daniel.”

“Actually both groups said they hadn’t heard from you at all.”

“Are you calling me a liar Mr. Omari?”

“I’m only telling you what representatives from these organisations have told both myself and my colleagues here in Glasgow. I’m sure it’s been a simple miscommunication though. Anyway, unfortunately it appears that as the work these groups do is based solely in your area that funding for their vital resources for the clients we are moving over later next week will need to be remunerated directly from yourselves. I was wondering if you could therefore pass me the details of who I should contact in your council to arrange this as a matter of urgency?”

“Right. I see. So let me understand this: Are you arranging any publicity around the arrival of our new guests next week?”

“Mr. Waters is, to my knowledge, arranging this, yes.”

“And the reason you need this funding is to show that we have went above and beyond in our duty of care to these special guests of ours to ensure they are fully looked after?”

“It’s to meet their basic needs, to give them food and cooking utensils, cutlery and bedding. These charities only provide the very basics Mr. Bryan, as I’m sure you know.”

“Well, yes, but it will look appealing to the public that we are catering for them won’t it? If you phone the main switchboard on 02382 434000 and press for extension 233 you should be put through to finance. Tell them you’ve spoken to me and what it’s about and they’ll sort you out. We’re a very accommodating council like that you know Mr. Omari. Oh and for the record I did contact those charities but since you seem to have such a keen interest in the matter I am happy to leave you to deal with this yourself, just this once. I’m a very busy man now so I’ll let you get on. Bye.”

Stunned for the second time in the space of ten minutes Daniel put his head on the table in disbelief. He really needed a coffee to calm down but he already needed the bathroom so he was hesitant to make one even though his mouth was dry and his head spinning. Walking towards a fridge he instead grabbed a cold bottle of water and took a long gulp before deciding to call Dundee City Council on the number he’d just been given.

Hearing the chatter and noise of the refugees all around him eating and drinking he knew he owed it to them all to push through the ridiculous bureaucracy and ensure that the charities fundamental to their support received the necessary payments required.

Taking another gulp of cold water while the number rang Daniel hoped Ellen’s afternoon was going better than his. At least he had dinner with her to look forward to. Right now that couldn’t come quick enough.

&&

*354*2024-02-02 01:51

Ellen and Celine both desperate

Alone at the work area Ellen switched on her laptop at last and prepared herself for the barrage of emails she knew would fill her inbox. Thinking of Tetyana in a strange city in an unfamiliar hospital in labour she hoped she was being well looked after and understood as she skimmed through the 51 new emails awaiting her attention. Seeing the one right away from Daniel forwarded on from the translator she drafted a simple email to all those who had already moved to Dundee and attached the translated heating manual for their reference. Looking down the rest of them she decided she needed a cuppa to help motivate her so she walked the short distance to the tea table and used the hot drinks machine to pour herself a mug of tea. Returning to her desk she began replying to the messages one by one until Celine returned from her lunch. Smiling over at her they carried on working silently aware of the empty desk beside them that Daniel had been using as his desk space for the last few weeks.

“Is everything alright with you and Daniel?”

Turning to see Celine looking curiously at the empty desk Ellen caught her eye and smiled.

“As far as I know it is. In fact he’s taking me out for dinner after work today. I assume he’s in a meeting or been caught up somewhere.”

“Phew. I mean I love that you two are together now but the last thing we need right now is any fall outs. If you’re going out for dinner you will remember to ask him if Sunday or Monday is best for doing the big run over to Dundee won’t you? If you get a minute to text me that would be great. I’ve just had more offers of things again just now. Someone has a lovely pram that I think Tetyana would love and they’re adding in a changing mat, a playmat and some baby clothes too. People are so generous.”

“That’s lovely isn’t it. Can I swap you? I’ve got an email asking me what electric supplier every flat in Tulloch court will have, another one from social security asking for copies of all 84 tenancy agreements, one from a social worker at QEUH asking what Mrs Kravencho’s official address is back in Ukraine and who her GP is here, and an invoice from the minbus company from two days ago! And that’s just the ones I’ve got to so far too.”

“I’ll leave you to get on with it then. You sure you’re still ok after last night?”

“I don’t have time to not be ok do I?”

“That’s true! The last week has been manic hasn’t it. I’ve barely had time to eat today and I’ve still not been to the loo since I arrived here this morning! I really should go because I’m expecting someone from Carpetrite to meet me here shortly. They heard about the project and want to chat with me about potentially negotiating a big discount for the refugees. I’m hoping they might even donate some rugs or carpet tiles or something, especially for the flats with kids. I hadn’t even thought about the fact the flats won’t have flooring down, had you?”

“When I was there on Tuesday the community flats on the ground floor definitely had carpets and linoleum down, as did the caretaker’s flat, but you’re right, when I was in Teona’s flat I noticed it didn’t. How they expect the refugees to afford carpets I’ll never know!

“It’s crazy isn’t it. Oh that looks like it might be him now. Oh well I guess I’ll just have to wait for the loo until a bit later now. The joys eh!”

Watching Celine walking towards an older bearded man in a long jacket Ellen finished her tea and returned to work. Crossing her ankles under her desk she worked steadily through her to-do list glancing over at the ladies by the lifts and realising she really needed to go as soon as she got a spare moment. Twenty minutes later, and another two replies sent, she was aware she was getting much more restless and uncomfortable, changing positions more frequently, and struggling to concentrate.

Sliding the lid of her laptop down she stood up to rush to the ladies just as an influx of people came into reception, mostly children coming home from school with their parents. Struggling to get through them all she noticed Liliya and Larysa, the twins Daniel had commented on the day before about often being left on their own on the ship, waiting to sign in unaccompanied. Feeling she couldn’t ignore this fact, despite really needing to wee, she turned to the two young girls and bent down to talk to them.

“Hi girls! How was school today? Are you waiting for your mum to catch you up?”

Seeing the twins look at each other then just shrug their shoulders Ellen became concerned.

“Didn’t your mum collect you from school?”

“No. She’s working. We know the way here. We can walk ourselves.”

“Girls you are only 7! That’s a heck of a walk from your school. Your mum shouldn’t be letting you walk here all alone. It’s far too dangerous. When is your mum back from work?”

Looking down at the long haired identical girls, even younger than Mykhaila, who just looked at each other and shrugged again, Ellen was even more concerned than before.

“Wait here a minute girls. I just need to pop to the loo then I’ll be right back.”

“I’m thirsty. Can I get a drink please?”

Looking right at the ladies toilets Ellen turned back towards the young girls as others signed in with their children and moved onto the ship.

“Ok. Let me sign you both in and get you seated in the canteen then you both promise to wait for me there, ok?”

Seeing the girls nodding Ellen quickly signed them in as the girl at reception noticed her and motioned to speak to her.

“I know you are busy Miss Hemmingdale but I just wanted to let you know that Mr Guru still hasn’t returned yet. I’ve put the sign out sheet from Tuesday to one side incase you need it again.”

“Thank you. Did you notice if Ms Shevchuk happened to sign out with her girls here this morning? I’d guess around 8:30am, if not a little bit before.”

“Hold on and I’ll check.”

Squeezing her thighs tightly together as she waited for the receptionist to check Ellen turned to the girls who were standing brazenly beside her.

“Yes. Here it is. 8:26am Ms Raisa Chevchuk with Liliya and Larysa.”

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome.”

“Right girls let’s get you both a snack then I really must go to the loo. Are you sure you don’t know when your mum will be finished work?”

“Sometimes it’s dinner time. Sometimes it’s a bit later.”

“She works as a carer doesn’t she?”

Seeing the girls nod again Ellen walked briskly with them into the canteen, joining the queue to get them both some crisps and juice as she tried to remember exactly where Raisa worked whilst struggling with her body reminding her continually how desperate she was to wee.

“Isn’t it with adults with learning disabilities? I’m sure it is. Right girls have a seat here. You can open these cartons yourself can’t you? Please stay here. I’ll not be long. I’m just nipping to the loo, ok?”

Watching one of the girls sucking her juice carton Ellen had to jig around as the reality of just how bursting she was suddenly hit her. Turning to rush off to the ladies she caught sight of Celine bouncing from foot to foot anxiously near reception talking to the bearded man from Carpetrite. Wanting to avoid them, but having to weave around others in the area, she was just walking past them when Celine called her name.

“Oh Ellen there you are! I’m really sorry Mr. Bracken. I really must speak to my colleague here about an urgent matter. It was great to meet you. I’ll be in contact tomorrow to arrange to pick up those rugs and carpet tiles. Thank you again. You just sign out at reception there. Ellen can I have a quick word with you?”

Jiggling around trying not to make it too obvious how desperate she was to pee Ellen grimaced at her colleague then glanced towards the toilets. Before she even realised it Celine was right beside her pushing her gently towards the lifts. In a hushed harassed voice Ellen glanced up at her friend as her words echoed her own thoughts.

“Keep walking to the ladies as quick as you can. I’m practically peeing myself here!”

Pushing the door of the ladies open Ellen was marching towards a free cubicle anxiously listening to the fast clicking of Celine’s shoes on the tiled floor. Closing her cubicle door she heard Celine’s bang closed too as she pulled her leggings and knickers down as quickly as possible. About to sit on the toilet she couldn’t help but hear a loud outpouring into the toilet next door as the sound of her colleague peeing loudly echoed around the room.

“Oh thank God! I didn’t think I was going to make it! That was a close one!”

Allowing her own body to relax Ellen heard her own strong stream rattling loudly in the pan too as she sighed loudly in relief.

“Oh that’s better!”

“Sounds like I wasn’t the only one needing to go!”

“Definitely not!”

*355*2024-02-03 01:02

Daniel can’t get a minute to pee

Finally getting an answer from Dundee City Council Daniel typed the extension he required on his mobile and waited again. Sipping at his bottle of water still sitting in the canteen on the cruise ship he was glad to finally hear a human voice talking to him. Explaining who he was and what he wanted, being sure to mention he’d just been on the phone to Keith Bryan who had approved the payment, he listened carefully to what the person was saying. It sounded tentatively positive at least as he jotted down the instructions he was given to send over invoices with a covering email. Promising to get this over to them that day he finished the call feeling lighter and a little less stressed. Debating texting Callum back from the Starter Packs charity he decided to wait until he knew payment was definitely going through first.

Standing up again Daniel was about to head back to his desk when he saw someone standing in front of him. Looking up he recognised the lady as one of the residents of the cruise ship as he stretched his hand out to greet her and ask what she wanted. When she sat down opposite him Daniel felt he had to sit down too as he listened to the lady as she shared her concerns about moving to Dundee. Wishing Ellen was around to fill him in on who the lady was all Daniel could do was hear her out as she chatted in English with the odd Ukrainian words interspersed. From what Daniel could make out she had joined a local church and was now integrated into the fellowship where one of the parishioners seemed to be offering her somewhere to live so she didn’t have to move to Dundee. She also had a part time job she loved and she was involved in the life of the church and not wanting to move out of Glasgow at all.

Hoping the lady couldn’t see that he was now shifting around a little as his body periodically reminded him of his growing need to pee, Daniel listened to all the refugee was saying as he sympathised greatly with her plight having been raised a practising Muslim and attended Mosque religiously every Friday. Understanding that moving would be very isolating and lonely for the lady Daniel asked her for details of who she would be staying with and promised to check them out. Advising her that she would need to put her name on the council waiting list or look for private rentals herself,, as without a formal tenancy agreement she could not get any support with her housing costs, the woman appeared to understand as she nodded smiling.

“No one can make you move. If you can make other arrangements to remain here and you understand you will need to finance these entirely yourself without a tenancy agreement then I can’t stop you. It sounds like you have a lot of support and friends here. If the person offering to house you doesn’t mind me speaking to them then I will do all I can to let you stay. Thank you for having the courage to speak to me. I really hope things work out for you. Normally once you sign a tenancy agreement, like you did for Tulloch Court, it’s a legally binding document but as the contractors still haven’t signed over every single flat yet I can withdraw your application on the grounds that the contract can’t be fulfilled if the property isn’t ready. If you’d waited even just another couple of days things might have been very different. I’ll call your friend today and call you to let you know how things go. May I have your number?”

Taking the ladies name and number as well as the contact who was offering to house her Daniel shook her hand and started to stand up again. He really needed back to his laptop but he also really needed to pop to the loo very shortly too. With the lady now leaving looking happier and more positive Daniel turned to walk to his desk noticing neither Ellen nor Celine were around or at their desks. 

With the noise level increasing now the children had returned from school Daniel sat at his desk crossed legged as he opened his laptop ready to look for the invoices from Dundee Starter Packs and Dundee and Angus Food bank to forward onto finance at Dundee City Council. Opening up his email he sighed as more urgent messages piled in as he searched under ‘starter packs’, ‘invoice’ and even ‘food bank’ but still found he had over 100 emails to search through. Fidgety and restless his mind kept interrupting his thoughts to remind him he really needed to pee as he kept ignoring it in favour of working.

Finally finding the invoices he saved them both and wrote a covering email, as requested by the person at the council, before attaching the invoices and sending the message. Sliding one hand down to the top of his leg he changed position yet again jumping as he heard Ellen’s voice talking to someone.

“I’d better get back to the twins. I left them in the canteen with snacks. Can you believe Raisa let them walk all the way back here from Pirie Park Primary themselves? They’re only 7 for goodness sake!”

Desperate to see her again he watched as she walked away towards where he’d just came from as he squinted to see her sitting with the young girls he’d often seen alone on the ship.

“I was starting to wonder where you were. How’s things?”

“Crazy! You?”

“Hectic! Has Ellen had a chance to speak to you about the mercy trip yet? I really need to get access to my garage again. Which works best for you, Sunday or Monday?”

Removing his hand from his thigh so Celine didn’t notice it Daniel squeezed his muscles tightly as he tried to think what he had on those two days.

“Provisionally probably Sunday. I think we need all the working hours in here that we’ve got without three of us missing another working day.”

“I was thinking the same. Carson’s at his dad’s this weekend so Sunday works best for me too. Do you think it’ll be ok for Ellen? Actually I’ll go ask her myself. Are you ok? You look a bit…flustered there?”

“I’m fine. Lot on my mind that’s all. I’ll leave you to find Ellen if you don’t mind as I need to make a call.”

“Of course.”

Watching Celine walk away Daniel instantly slid his hand back down to his thigh, this time daring to squeeze his cock quickly as his need to pee escalated even more than before. Looking over toward the lifts and the toilets he wished the ship was much quieter so he could risk trying to use the gents. The fear of someone else seeing him at a urinal or hearing him piss into a stall was just too terrifying to think of.

Ignoring the demands still piling up in his inbox still he leaned forward in his chair straightening his back and squeezing between his legs as he kept his promise to Miss Kovalenko and called the number she had given him. On one hand Daniel was pleased it was answered quickly by a very Glaswegian sounding lady but on the other he had secretly wished it hadn’t even been answered at all so he could have jumped in one of the lifts his eyes were now fixed on as he remembered the individual bathroom Ellen had shown him on the second floor. Hopefully it would be a very brief call as he found himself shuffling and wriggling around yet again unable to get comfortable for more than a minute. He wasn’t due to leave the ship until half past five and even then he was taking Ellen out for dinner and not going home. That was almost two hours away yet and right now he wasn’t sure he could wait 10 more minutes let alone almost two hours.

Introducing himself to the local lady on the phone he prayed she wasn’t going to be chatty like Miss Kovalenko had been. He had to get to that 2nd floor toilet really really soon. He’d wet his grey suits trousers too many times already now and he couldn’t wet them today again, not when he was taking Ellen out on a date in just a few hours time.

*357*2024-02-05 00:04

Ellen helps both the twins and Daniel

Leaving the ladies toilets with Celine Ellen was walking towards the canteen chatting to her friend about the twins when she saw Daniel at his desk. Wishing she could be with him rather than dealing with someone else’s children she excused herself and headed to Liliya and Larysa, who were thankfully eating their crisps exactly where she’d left them.

“Thank you for waiting girls. So your mum is at work, is that right?”

Seeing the girls both nodding Ellen continued.

“And she definitely told you both to walk back here on your own after school today?”

The girls nodded again.

“Has mum asked you to do that before?”

“We know the way! Mum said it’s only until we move. She’s working to get us money so we can have nice things in our new place.”

“I appreciate that and I know your mum is a carer isn’t she? Do you know where she works?”

“No. But she has a purple thing around her neck with her photo on.”

“She said she’s just under the tunnel.”

Standing in front of the girls Ellen pulled her phone out and did some googling. It didn’t take long for her to find a supported living home just the other side of the Clyde Tunnel run by Enable Scotland, who happened to have a purple logo. Convinced this was where the girl’s mum worked she gave them a call as the girls looked on looking concerned and upset. Frustratingly the company refused to confirm that a Raisa Shevchuk worked there, quoting data protection rules, even when Ellen did her best to explain about the situation. Ending the call Ellen looked down at the innocent children.

By rights she should call social services but after the heartbreak of what had just happened to Mykhaila just two days before she very much preferred to speak to Raisa herself first. Smiling at the girls to reassure them that they weren’t in any trouble she put their empty cartons of juice and crisp packets on a tray as she checked if the girls had a key to their cabin. As one of them dug in her school bag Ellen made a decision.

“Let me take you back to your cabin then. You can watch TV or play and I’ll pop back and check on you both when I can. I really need to speak with your mum when she gets back. It’s not long now until you move though so let’s not worry too much about it just now. I’ll pop this over to the trolly and then I’ll take you to the 1st floor to your cabin. You’re in the cabin’s just along from the theatre aren’t you? The same corridor as little Ihor and his mum?”

“Number 188.”

Nipping the tray over to the nearby trollies Ellen turned back to the girls smiling.

“Right let’s find your cabin then.”

Opting to take the lift even though it was only one floor up Ellen still felt a little uneasy. While she understood why Raisa felt she had to work she couldn’t help but worry what might happen if she left her girls unattended once they moved to Dundee. Helping Liliya open their cabin she settled the two children with the few toys they had and their TV as she promised to check on them again soon. Closing the cabin door she was walking back down the corridor towards the theatre and the main lifts when she saw Daniel approaching looking sweaty, stressed, and agitated.

“Hello again stranger! Everything ok?”

Catching his eye as his body twisted, with his hand awkwardly wedged in his suit trouser pocket, Ellen guessed immediately what might be wrong. Leaning closer to him as he reached out for the handle of the single cubicle toilet in the corridor just behind where she was standing Ellen whispered in her boyfriend’s ear.

“You desperate to go?”

“Very!”

“Want some help?”

Seeing a twinkle in Daniel’s eye Ellen pushed his hand down on the handle of the door and pressed their bodies forward to make it open. Squeezing through the doorway together she let the door swing closed behind them as Daniel still gripped himself tightly through his pocket. Not even bothering to lock the door, since she could see Daniel was hovering on the edge of having an accident, Ellen leaned down towards Daniel and immediately placed her hand over his crotch. 

Very much enjoying fondling his privates through his suit trousers she heard him gasp and immediately used her other hand to unzip his fly. Fishing her hand inside Daniel’s trousers Ellen quickly found the gap in his boxers knowing immediately which side his penis was lying from the way Daniel was still pinching himself. Using one hand to ease her boyfriend’s grip off his own anatomy, and the other to tug his damp half erect penis out of his clothing, Ellen somehow managed to pull Daniel’s dark desperate dick away from his underwear and trousers right as it began spurting warm wet urine.

Aiming it downwards towards the water in the toilet Ellen felt the strong surge through her fingers as Daniel suddenly stood as still as a statue with his legs parted and his eyes closed. Using her thumb and fingers Ellen gently rubbed right from the base of Daniel’s manhood all the way along to the watery sensitive tip as Daniel peed in a double stream which was splashing and foaming into the toilet right in front of him. Thrilled to be able to supper her boyfriend in such an intimate activity Ellen gently rubbed up and down ensuring every single ounce of pee was coming out.

“Oh fuck that feels better!”

“You must have been needing that for ages honey. You can stop you know!”

“There’s more to come yet! Oh boy I was needing this!”

“You must have been! How on earth did you manage to keep all this in your bladder?”

“I haven’t been since I left the house this morning. Phew! I honestly didn’t think I would make it.”

“I’m not surprised. That’s a hell of a lot of wee baby! Is that you finally finishing?”

“Mmmm”

“Should I shake him a wee bit?”

“Uh huh. And then I usually give it a bit of a wipe.”

“No I’ll do it for you. So a wee shake like this and then use a little bit of toilet roll to catch any last dribbles?”

“Mmmm”

“Am I doing it ok?”

“Mmmm”

“Do you usually get hard doing this bit?”

“Not usually but fuck you are making me so horny babe!”

“Oops. Sorry.”

Tucking Daniel’s bigger, longer and harder penis back into his underwear and trousers Ellen was struggling to zip up the fly when Daniel took over, quickly zipping himself up then raising his face until it was right in front of Ellen’s. With their eyes locked together and their voices silent now their lips joined smoothly together as they kissed enthusiastically. Breathless Ellen pulled away first for air.

“I’ll miss this little toilet when this ship leaves.”

“True. The ones in the council headquarters aren’t nearly as sexy. Not that I tend to use them much. I hate peeing in front of others.”

“Well you sure didn’t hold back just then!”

“I didn’t have a choice! I was beyond bursting to go. Plus you’re different. I actually love you watching me piss.”

“Well that’s good to know because it’s very hot watching you and even hotter seeing you desperate. You know you are a very attractive man Daniel Omari. You are a great kisser too. Have I ever told you that?”

“Well you are extremely attractive too may I say. If I’m great at kissing I have to give credit to the beautiful girl who makes me want to kiss her so much in the first place.”

Drying her hands under the noisy hand dryer Ellen winked at Daniel as he thoroughly washed his own hands after her. Stepping back to let Daniel now dry his hands under the warm blowing air Ellen took another step towards the door to pull it open. As Daniel walked towards her and she held open the door to let him out his shaky voice made her weak at the knees.

“Thank you for that. It if wasn’t for your help I’d have wet myself so much. You saved me. I’ll pay you back later at home.”

*358*2024-02-06 00:11

Daniel’s delight at Ellen’s support

Bonnie Douglas sounded much older, though very chatty and friendly. Hearing how her and her husband had met Bohdana Kovalenko at their church almost a year ago Daniel listened as they talked fondly of her and all she was involved with in the fellowship. Despite being very uncomfortable due to needing to pee so badly he couldn’t help but think back to his upbringing in the local mosque and how much it had been a fundamental part of his life growing up.

Ensuring that the lady understood that Bohdana was unlikely to receive any government financial support due to being a house guest with them and not having her own tenancy Daniel was not at all surprised to hear that Bonnie and her husband, who she mentioned frequently, fully understood this, but with having a spare room now that their own daughter had recently got married and moved out they wanted to ‘give back’ and support the young lady. Going on to say what the normal protocol would be in such incidences Daniel squirmed in his seat terribly as he apologetically told the older lady that with so little time it was highly unlikely anyone would be able to follow matters up formally, so on this occasion he was simply happy to let Miss Kovalenko move in with them and leave the cruise ship at her convenience prior to its departure. Sensing the lady’s clear delight at this Daniel ended the call and immediately ran towards reception and the stairs opposite just by the lifts.

Taking the stairs two at a time he clenched his muscles all he could muster as he pushed open the double doors leading to the 1st floor. Seeing signs to the theatre he slipped one hand into his suit pocket to grip his penis hard as he walked briskly past the theatre and towards where he remembered the single cubicle toilet being from before with Ellen. Feeling his whole body sweating and his heart racing Daniel was almost right at the door of the loo when he saw Ellen suddenly approaching in the opposite direction. With no time to stop and think why she might be there he flustered around desperately as his tearful eyes met Ellen’s as he twisted and turned his body willing it to keep holding on just a minute more.

Of course he should have guessed that Ellen would immediately know what was going on! She seemed to have a habit of appearing out of nowhere when he was about to piss himself ever since the time at the big council meeting, but this time there was no denying what was going on for either of them. Her whispered words, the blushing of her face, the sparkle in her eyes all told him how excited she obviously was at his urgent predicament.

“You desperate?”

Talk about state the bloody obvious! He couldn’t think of anything else, could barely deal with the relentless pressure, sweating with the effort of holding on, clutching his dick for all he was worth. There was no point lying when it was blatantly apparent to them both!

“Very!”

Reaching out to grab the door handle behind Ellen Daniel expected his girlfriend to now give him privacy to do his business, but he ought to have known better. Hearing Ellen ask if he needed help Daniel tried to turn and say no when Ellen pushed open the door and stood holding it open for him to walk inside. Seeing the clean white toilet right ahead of him Daniel almost doubled over in pain as he froze to the spot. Gasping at the fear he was about to burst like an overfilled balloon Daniel lifted his eyes again towards the toilet as he gripped himself so hard he worried he was hurting himself. Longing to unzip he tried shutting off to the fact he was clearly being watched by his girlfriend when suddenly he felt her large hand fondling his testicles and penis base with her fingers.

There was no denying it felt magical to be touched there, even through his suit trousers and underwear, but unfortunately his urge to piss was now so overwhelming that he gasped in pain as another bladder spasm made him whimper. Terrified how he might struggle to unzip his clothing and get his penis out in time he couldn’t believe his luck when Ellen began unzipping his fly and then preceded to squeeze her hand inside his trousers to fondle and explore his privates. Letting go of his dick as she grabbed it from inside he could already feel it filling fast with urine as it immediately started shootings out warm liquid just as Ellen pulled it free and aimed it into the toilet.

Finally getting to piss after holding so long had always been one of life’s most satisfying and wonderful experiences for Daniel but doing so with a beautiful sexy holding his dick increased that pleasure 100 fold! The tingling and warmth of someone else’s hand, the unpredictability of what they might do, the thrill of the thought of them enjoying feeling warm urine surging powerfully down his shaft was all so unbelievably exciting. Just having Ellen holding him and aiming him would have been blissful enough but to then feel her running her fingers and thumb up and down his shaft was so exhilarating, especially so combined with the euphoria of still peeing strongly.

Daniel felt like his piss was never ending as the stream subsided briefly only to intensify again soon afterwards. Ellen seemed to notice too as she remarked at just how much he had been holding and how badly he must have needed to go. That feeling of being understood, complimented, acknowledged even, thrilled and excited Daniel so much he could feel blood rushing to his dick just as fast as the piss oozed out of it. Now half erect in Ellen’s hand the tingling of her touch and the way she shook him and gently wiped him sent him crazy as he felt his erection growing quickly. Undeniably horny for Ellen now he was surprised to feel her actually tucking him away inside his trousers as he raised his eyebrows at her in surprise.

Having to help her zip up his fly their faces were now right in front of each other at the same level as Daniel turned his attention from his crotch to Ellen’s gorgeous shining hazel eyes as the inevitable happened and their lips met once again. Eagerly and passionately kissing his girlfriend Daniel explored her mouth with his tongue hungrily until he felt Ellen pulling away for air. Standing up he smiled at her feeling even more turned on than ever.

Trust Ellen to bring them both back to reality as she looked around the small cubicle and said that she’d miss the toilet they were standing in when the ship moved on. Thinking of his prior place of work reluctantly Daniel thought of the uninspiring gents at the council offices that he detested using so much. Half to himself and half to Ellen he muttered about the very loos he was thinking about, shaking his head as he thought how awful the thought of others at work hearing him pee was.

It was different with Ellen now though. Knowing how much of a thrill she found seeing him desperate to go and watching him pee turned him on like mad, and even though he still felt a little anxious using the toilet with her right beside him she was definitely not just making it easier by the day but also very pleasurable too! Longing to be alone with her Daniel simply couldn’t wait to take Ellen on their first proper date, especially knowing she would be coming back to stay at his house afterwards.

Washing and drying his hands he felt so happy and content, and exceedingly more comfortable now his bladder was empty, as he wished the next few hours could speed by so he could walk off the ship hand in hand with Ellen Hemmingdale to get some time alone with her at last.

*359*2024-02-08 01:23

Twins, trouble and too much to do…

Standing beside Daniel by the lift waiting for it to come Ellen reached out for her boyfriend’s hand. It wasn’t something she would have done even just a few days ago but what with the fire at her flat, Mykhaila having been taken into foster care, hearing of Tetyana in labour and now having left two 7 year old girls alone in their cabin Ellen felt she could do with some comfort. Working on the ship had often been exhausting and emotional but the last few days seemed even too much for her at times. Grateful for the security and warmth of Daniel’s hand in hers they stepped into the lift together smiling.

Reaching the ground floor though Ellen immediately let go of Daniel’s hand as the doors opened revealing two uniformed police officers standing at reception. Temped to ignore them she knew she couldn’t as she walked up to them asking the girl on the desk if everything was ok. 

Turning to introduce herself to the officers Ellen couldn’t miss their serious professional demeanours as she nervously held her hand out to shake theirs. Establishing quickly that they were looking for someone they believed to be living on the ship Ellen gulped quietly as they showed her a security still from a cctv camera that looked a very close likeness to Stepan Guru. Not quite ready to say his name Ellen just nodded as she truthfully told the officers that although she recognised the man she hadn’t seen him on the ship for almost a week now and she had no idea where he was. Taking a card from one of the officers Ellen agreed to contact them if he turned up on the ship as she mentioned casually that the cruise ship was departing port in just a few days time.

Leaving the officers to speak to others Ellen walked past them and headed to her desk noticing both Celine and Daniel there looking up at her.

“What were they wanting then? Is it about the fire?”

“It looks like our missing resident has been up to no good. He’s been caught on CCTV doing something and the police obviously have a name since they know he lives on here.”

“We have a missing resident? Why didn’t either of you tell me this?”

“Sorry it’s been non stop Daniel. Stepan Guru. Young lad with no ID. It’s taken Ellen this long just to find out who he was and get him registered here. Absolute nightmare of a case to be honest. Quiet lad, but obviously restless and agitated at times. Who can blame him really? Foreign country, no money, no ID, no family.”

“He’s got ID now. It arrived just the other day. His application for benefits is in too but it’ll be weeks before he gets anything as it’s paid in arrears. He was so distressed when I told him that. Actually what’s more worrying than that is that Victoria Fielding was looking for him this morning. Something about dressing a wound. I had no knowledge of that at all but the mood she was in I couldn’t exactly ask her any more about it.”

“This doesn’t sounding good does it.”

“So we’ve probably got two last minute drop outs now. Keith will have a friend day with this. Still, that’s two flats they can use for their own people eh. Not our problem.”

“Two? Who else has dropped out?”

“Bohdana Kovalenko. I spoke to an older couple less than an hour ago. They have a room in their house and have offered it to Bohanda. They met her through their church apparently. The young girl is thrilled as she’s at college studying and working part time and very involved with the church too. I would go through the formal process of setting them up as sponsors but since they’ve just closed the applications for that last week and we don’t have time anyway I’m just going to take her off our list.”

“She’s such a lovely girl. I’m really pleased for her. She’s so settled here and I’ve been trying for so long to find her somewhere local but there’s just nothing available, even privately, that she could afford. Is that Raisa in that blue coat just arriving? Sorry I need to get to her right away. I’ve left her girls in her cabin!”

Rushing over to the flustered looking lady Ellen pulled her aside out of earshot of the police as she whispered that the girls were up in the cabin playing. Seeing the lady nod and turn back for the lifts Ellen ran after her, just getting into the same lift right before the doors closed.

“They’re fine Raisa. I took them up there out of the way of everyone. You know people are starting to notice them on here alone don’t you? You know you could get in a lot of trouble for leaving them alone don’t you?”

“It’s only until we move! They offered me extra hours and I need the money. They aren’t alone on the ship are they? There’s people everywhere!”

Stepping out the lift behind the frightened young lady Ellen followed her as she kept talking.

“That’s irrelevant Raisa. They’re only 7! You can’t just leave your children for others to look after while you work without making proper arrangements.”

“Look thank you for taking them to our cabin. They are fine now so I’d prefer you left us alone now thanks.”

Shaking, Ellen slid her foot in the way of the cabin door blocking it from closing as Raisa went inside to her children. Pulling the door open and holding it with her large body she stood looking at the young family feeling a strange mixture of compassion and frustration.

“Raisa, have you got a job to go to in Dundee?”

“I’m trying! My company don’t have any homes there. I ask but they say no. They give me reference though. I work hard.”

“I know you do and I’m sure you’ll get a new job there very soon. I’m not here to judge or report you Raisa. I want to help you. Would you like me to enquire about after school clubs in Dundee for you? There might be something at the girl’s new school that can help you. You get Universal Credit don’t you? You know they will pay almost all your childcare costs for you? I’ll leave you alone now but please, please don’t leave Liliya and Larysa to walk home from school themselves again. You don’t want social work quizzing you days before you move away. You’ve done so well all year. You’re a great mum and a hard worker. I’m proud of you, but those girls need you ok?”

Watching the young mum hugging her precious girls Ellen sensed she’d heard enough. Pulling her foot away she gently closed the cabin door feeling emotional and tired. Making her way back to the ground floor she was relieved to see the police had gone when the doors opened to face reception. Keen to get a little more work done before her date with Daniel she made herself a cuppa to calm down and headed back to her desk.

“Everything ok?”

“Hopefully. Did we ever look into what the catchment primary school was for Tulloch Court? I need to find something out.”

“I’m not sure.”

“No worries. I’ll have a quick google. I’m sure I looked up the high school recently for Nadia.”

Leaving Daniel to his own work it was just minutes before Ellen found what she needed. Taking a note of the school name for future reference Ellen smiled to herself seeing that they had a breakfast club in the building as well as an after school club. Today wasn’t the right time to go back to Raisa with the information but doing a quick count on her spreadsheet Ellen noted there were at least 4 other children besides the Shevchuk twins who would likely be enrolling at Rosebank Primary too and another 2 requiring nursery placements besides Nadia starting Morgan Academy and another boy who would transition there the following August.

Wishing there was someone she could liaise with in Dundee to support Nadia, who had already moved, Ellen day dreamed of cloning herself as she noted the numbers and head teachers of the schools before returning to her ever increasing email pile. Lunch feeling like it was now days ago her stomach rumbled as she finished her tea and looked up to notice Daniel tidying up his desk and taking an empty mug across to the trollies. Checking the time she felt her nerves kicking in as she thought about her first date with Daniel. It seemed crazy after all they’d been through but the thought of a meal out with her handsome boyfriend thrilled her and excited her greatly.

*360*2024-02-09 00:36

Leaving for a date with Ellen

Walking past Ellen as she held the toilet door open Daniel couldn’t help but thank her as he whispered into her ear seductively that he’d pay her back later for all her assistance. Seeing her blush a little he couldn’t wait to share both dinner with her, and even more so, a bed with her later. Walking towards the main lift at the end of the corridor he could hear Ellen behind him even though he couldn’t see her. Pressing to call the lift he turned to see Ellen beside him as he smiled down at her amazed to see her hold out her hand towards his.

Feeling deeply touched at this he intertwined his fingers in Ellen’s, longing to pull her closer but eager to respect her personal space too. Walking into the lift together he felt honoured and proud to stand beside such a beautiful wonderful person like Ellen, a lady he’d come to respect and love more than he ever thought possible. As the doors opened onto the ground floor bustling with people it felt like their bubble immediately burst though as Ellen suddenly let go of his hand as he noticed several police officers standing at reception looking formal and stern. Preferring to avoid them if possible he walked behind them through the gathering crowd of children, parents and refugees towards the canteen and across to where he was working.

Settling at his laptop next to Celine he logged in glancing often over to reception anxious to see what the police did next. Seeing Ellen talking to them he couldn’t help but wonder if it was in any way related to the house fire as he multitasked reading emails whilst constantly watching what was going on. Glad to look up again and see Ellen walking towards them at last Daniel realised that Celine had obviously been thinking the exact same as him as she questioned Ellen on why the police where there, asking her outright if it was about the fire. Looking up from his laptop wide eyed Daniel felt shocked to hear that in fact they were there about a resident who apparently had committed a crime. What shocked him the most though was how both Celine and Ellen referred to the resident as ‘missing.’

Questioning this immediately Daniel listened as Celine commented casually about Stepan Guru, a name he’d heard but wasn’t overly familiar with. Ellen, like she did everyone on the ship, of course knew him well, even telling them both how he had some sort of injury or infection requiring regular dressings by the nurse. Not at all happy at how this sounded all Daniel could think of was that this was the second refugee in a matter of hours who now might not be moving. Telling the ladies about the developments that morning with Miss Kovalenko he loved how genuinely pleased Ellen seemed at how he’d handled her case, though she seemed awfully distracted constantly looking over at reception before spotting someone and disappearing again.

Leaving her to get on Daniel returned to his huge backlog of work from earlier, replying to emails, making phone calls and updating files. Hearing the familiar sound of Celine beside him doing the same he couldn’t help but think of Ellen wondering where she was and hoping she was ok. Time seemed to pass quickly as he looked over the top of his laptop yet again to see the police had now left and the canteen filling up with people starting to arrive for tea. Determined to get more work completed so he could switch off and enjoy his evening with Ellen he worked on steadily until he finally heard footsteps approaching the desk. Looking up to see Ellen walking smartly towards him holding a mug in her hands he smiled up at her, though she looked focussed and determined as usual.

Leaving her to her workload the next thing he heard was her asking what seemed a random question but clearly had meaning to her. With myriads of information swirling around his head about flat numbers, meetings, deadlines and budgets he had no idea what schools were near the tower in Dundee, not without checking back to files he had stored somewhere on his laptop. Fortunately Ellen seemed to find it all out herself quickly enough as he read through what he was working on again to check for any errors before attaching it to yet another email. If he could just get a few more urgent things dealt with in the next twenty minutes before leaving he’d be a happy man!

Hanging up after his last call Daniel turned to see Celine had already left her desk as he stood up to take his coffee cup over to the empty trolley area before returning to close down his laptop. Tidying up his desk he looked over to Ellen who appeared to be still typing as she smiled up at him brightly.

“I’m nearly done. Are we going back to yours first or going straight there?”

“I was thinking of going straight to dinner if that’s ok? Gives us more time to enjoy it don’t you think?”

“That works for me. Lunch feels like days ago!”

Waiting patiently while Ellen finished what she was doing then packed her belongings away Daniel reached out his hand cautiously as Ellen giggled a little then took his hand before moving to stand beside him.

“May I take you for dinner Ellen?”

“You may indeed Daniel.”

With his fingers wrapped around Ellen’s again they walked towards reception, letting go of each other only to sign out, before eagerly grasping hands again to walk down the gangway together. Walking towards Daniel’s Audi Ellen paused as Daniel pressed to unlock the doors.

“What about my car? Should I just leave it here?”

“It’ll be safe here won’t it? They have cameras up and you’ll be back tomorrow for it.”

“Probably not until lunch time though. I’ve got that interview remember?”

“We can cone get it after dinner if you’d prefer then?”

“If you don’t mind?”

“Of course not.”

Opening the front passenger door for Ellen Daniel look her laptop bag from her as she sat in the car before handing it back down to her. Closing the door he walked round to the driver’s door keen to get in out the chilly weather.

“So where are you taking me to then?”

“It’s a surprise. Don’t worry though it’s not far away.”

“Thus says the man who swears Dundee isn’t far away! Tell me it is in Glasgow at least?”

Laughing at the feistiness from Ellen that he’d always loved so much about her Daniel couldn’t help but laugh.

“Yes it’s in Glasgow. Just on the edge of the city centre to be precise. You ready to go?”

Seeing Ellen nodding Daniel started the car and drove out the car park towards the Clyde Tunnel, very familiar with where he was going and excited to get time with Ellen alone. Sitting at the traffic lights he turned the radio on quietly for some background noise, pressing buttons until he found some soft ballad music just right for the occasion. Turning to drive along the river past the Riverside Museum and the exhibition centre towards the city centre Daniel couldn’t help but feel excited about the rest of his evening with Ellen.

*361*2024-02-10 00:56

The start of the date

Deciding to finish one last thing on her laptop Ellen looked up to see Daniel standing waiting for her. Smiling up at him she asked what the arrangements were and if they were going back to his first or straight to dinner. Pleased to hear Daniel intended to go straight to the restaurant Ellen began packing her things away as Daniel waited. Sliding her laptop into her bag Ellen saw Daniel’s dark hand reaching out to her as she reached out to take it and stand up.

It was so sweet, so romantic even, that he was asking permission to take her out even though she’d already agreed. Letting him freely hold her hand she felt giddy with excitement and anticipation as they walked together through the cruise ship towards the reception area. Signing out she noticed Daniel’s hand once again reached out as they resumed holding hands all the way out of the ship and down the gantry into the car park.

It was then that Ellen suddenly thought about her car as they stood next to Daniel’s car together ready to leave. She’d left it overnight in the car park before when she’d stayed over on the ship but somehow the idea of leaving it there when she wasn’t nearby made her anxious. Daniel, as always, seemed to understand as he agreed that they’d come back for it after dinner which made Ellen feel much happier. Climbing into Daniel’s pristine Audi brought back so many memories of their trip to Dundee the week before, lovely sexy memories of their first kiss, undressing out of wet clothes and Ellen’s favourite one of all, seeing Daniel very desperate to wee as he struggled to drive back to Glasgow.

Helped by the gentle love songs now playing on the radio Ellen felt so special and wanted as they drove along the riverside past so many familiar places she knew so well. Curious where they were going they laughed together easily as Daniel said it wasn’t far and Ellen joked back at how Daniel had said the same about going to Dundee just the week before. It was so lovely to feel so relaxed in Daniel’s presence now despite everything. Ellen sensed such a closeness between them, a special bond that she really hoped would never get broken. She didn’t want to admit it but her fondness for the man beside her was growing by the day, hour even, as she cherished every moment alone with him so much.

Heading towards the city centre Ellen started to think of all the restaurants she knew on Argyle Street or Sauchiehall Street or even Buchanan street, but instead Daniel turned to go back over the river on Bridge Street before pulling into a side street to park. Wondering where on earth Daniel was taking her she waited in the car as he came round to her door and helped her out, acting like the true gentleman she’d always known him to be. Walking hand in hand again along the busy one way three-laned road Daniel paused outside a lovely Peshawari restaurant called Namak Mandi pushing the door open and holding it for Ellen to go through.

Inside Ellen was immediately impressed at the beautiful interior, the plush looking seating and what appeared to be an expensive menu. Letting Daniel talk to the waiter they were lead to a lovely window seat where the waiter kindly took their coats and hung them behind their chairs. It was such a far cry from the rare take away Ellen was used to, or the even rarer McDonald’s, but eager to enjoy every moment Ellen sat down smiling at Daniel who was already looking at the menu.

“I hope you don’t mind that it’s all Halal here? I know the owner from mosque. The food is absolutely amazing.”

“It’s beautiful. It’s not the sort of place I’m used to but if the food is as good as the decor and the service so far then I can’t wait.”

Picking up the menu to look at the drinks Ellen looked back at Daniel hoping he might clarify what the strange names meant. He seemed to be able to read her mind, thankfully, as he smiled openly and started telling her what mango lassi and sweet or salty lassi were. Intrigued and curious Ellen nodded as Daniel suggested a jug of mango lassi to share plus a glass of water each incase Ellen preferred that. The waiter, who hadn’t left yet, diligently took their order and nodded at Daniel before heading away.

“The main mosque is just minutes from here. It’s a very popular place for us to come to. I haven’t been in such a long time though but they still know who I am.”

Glancing down the menu Ellen was very interested in all that Daniel was saying as he rarely shared much about his family or faith even to her.

“Do you still go to mosque or not at all anymore?”

“Not really. Maybe on an odd occasion but I haven’t been much since dad passed. I lost my way for a long time and now I am not sure if I want it to be such a part of my life anymore. I still believe, in a way I think I always will, but I’m not active, not practicing now. I don’t pray like I once did or celebrate all the occasions or anything, but I’m very conscious that my mum does and I wouldn’t dishonour or disrespect that at all. Does that make sense?”

“It makes perfect sense. One of the foster families I lived with was Catholic. The mum had this set of beads that she used to use to pray and she would tell me about all these Saints and things. She took me to chapel several times but I felt uncomfortable not knowing when to stand or sit or what to say when so I used to say I was sick or something just to stay home. She was sure her daughter believed it all too. She’d make her say grace and recite blessings and stuff but away from her mum the girl was so confused by it all and couldn’t wait to stop going. I’m sure she thought I was a bad influence on her daughter as within a year I was moved on.”

“Mum thinks I still practice. She thinks I go to mosque so I just don’t mention it. I’d hate to upset her. I am highly recommend the lamb charsi by the way. It’s so tender and fresh and goes wonderfully with kabuli pilau rice. I’m sure you’ll love it.”

Happy to go with Daniel’s recommendation Ellen nodded.

“That sounds delicious. I think I’ll have that.”

Looking over to see the waiter return with two tall empty glasses, two medium glasses of iced water and a huge jug of mango lassi Ellen left Daniel to order the food as the waiter left again leaving them alone.

“Allow me to pour you some of this out. It’s so refreshing. I hope you like it.”

Sipping at the cold sweet juice Ellen licked her lips in delight.

“Wow. I wasn’t expecting that. It’s lovely.”

“It’s so nice isn’t it! The food is usually pretty quick here. They’re very family friendly.”

“It seems it. It all smells so delicious too. I didn’t even know this place existed until just now.”

“It’s a real gem. At first it was predominantly Muslims coming in but as word has spread it’s much more mixed now with loads of Scottish people coming regularly. They’re even on Just Eat too. It’s so much nicer eating in through than takeaway.”

Looking at the menu again Ellen looked up at Daniel a little concerned.

“They don’t make the prices very clear though do they?”

“Don’t you worry about that Ellen. This is my treat ok.”

“Thank you.”

“You’re welcome. You know you look absolutely beautiful tonight. So happy and rosy cheeked and…kissable.”

Blushing Ellen looked Daniel right in the eye.

“Well you look very handsome too Mr. Omari. I’ve always fancied you in that suit you know. It shows off your gorgeous skin tone so well. Not easy to keep clean though I’d imagine.”

Putting the menu down again Ellen felt Daniel’s hand on hers as he stroked the top of her hand gently with his fingers.

“I’ve had it in the dry cleaners a few times recently for that very reason. They do a great job of making it look and feel brand new again. Hopefully I can go a bit longer this time without having to get it cleaned again.”

“Mmm. Yes we wouldn’t want any accidents to happen tonight that’s for sure.”

Daniel whispered, muttered even, under his breath, though Ellen heard every word.

“That depends. Some accidents can be rather enjoyable and worthwhile I think.”

*362*2024-02-11 00:29

Daniel very much enjoys his date with Ellen

Crossing back over the river Clyde on Bridge street, one of the many one way streets in the city centre, Daniel pulled into a side street and parked up. While the restaurant was busy and well placed, especially for the nearby mosque, it really did lack parking, something Daniel had thought every time he’d visited. Going around the car to open Ellen’s door for her he reached out to help her out before turning to lock the car. Taking hold of her hand firmly he walked the short distance to the Afghan restaurant pulling the door open for his beautiful girlfriend to go in first.

Their table was waiting for them and Daniel happily let the attentive waiter take their coats and pull out their seats. While he couldn’t quite place the gentleman’s name he definitely recognised him from his years at the mosque as Daniel smiled at him warmly to thank him for his service. Looking across at Ellen she seemed so happy, though possibly a little overwhelmed at the occasion he thought, as she picked up the menu looking a little confused. It seemed strange having to explain what mango lassi was but Daniel was patient and kind as he suggested having one of the restaurants signature dishes to eat which Ellen readily agreed on. Ordering a jug of mango lassi, two glasses of iced water and two lamb dishes with rice Daniel felt things were really going well as Ellen chatted away about one of the many foster families she’d lived with and he shared a little about no longer attending mosque.

Pouring out a glass each of the delicious mango lassi they sipped at their drinks until Ellen picked up the menu again. Hearing her comment about the lack of prices Daniel gently took the menu from her smiling. Cost was not even a consideration for him tonight, not when he was with such a gorgeous sexy lady. Moving his hand on top of Ellen’s he stroked the back of her hand soothingly as he complimented her easily, gazing into her hypnotic radiant eyes. From there the conversation became rather more flirtatious with Ellen talking about his suit going to the dry cleaners so often and him hinting about accidents, the kind that they both clearly understood even if everyone around them was obvious.

As expected the food arrived promptly as the smell immediately made Daniel hungry. Thanking the waiter he paused out of habit and tradition as he closed his eyes and quietly said the dua before starting.

“Bismillah Wa'ala Barakatillah”

Opening his eyes to see Ellen looking at him awkwardly Daniel shyly took her hand again on the table.

“It’s just what I’ve always been brought up to say before eating. We’re meant to mention Allan before we eat. A bit like grace I guess.”

“Should I say it too?”

“No. No. It’s ok, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I suppose I just do it automatically now without thinking.”

“Your mum would be proud of you. Maybe you haven’t deserted your faith as much as you think you have.”

“Maybe. Though she wouldn’t approve of me dating someone who isn’t a Muslim, or at least a woman of the book.”

Letting Ellen’s hand go so they could both eat Daniel was well aware of Ellen smiling at him even as she ate.

“So are you only meant to date Muslim woman then?”

“Kind of. That’s what my mum would prefer anyway Her and dad tried matching me up with one or two Muslim women before dad passed on. It never happened though as I wasn’t happy about it at all. So what do you think of the lamb chasni?”

Delighted to hear Ellen was enjoying her food Daniel kept their glasses of mango nissi topped up as they chatted freely and easily about their upbringings, cultures, careers and different educational experiences whilst eating their meal. With their plates now empty Daniel looked around for the waiter who was there in less than a minute. Offering them a sweet Daniel watched as Ellen once again lifted the menu to check. Smiling at her knowing she’d likely not know what any of the options were it was hard for Daniel not to laugh as Ellen attempted to pronounce the Afghan names. Letting her struggle for a moment he winked at her smiling.

“The most popular is a simple kulfi stick. It’s a bit like ice cream I guess but thicker. I think you’d like that.”

Seeing Ellen nod Daniel ordered two kulfi sticks before taking a long sip of his water. Noticing they had drunk almost a full jug of mango nissi between them he could feel his excitement rising.

“Your pronunciation of those sweets was so funny. Have you really never heard of kulfi before?”

“Not until tonight. I’m certainly learning a lot from you tonight Daniel. There’s definitely more to you than people think.”

Smirking at Ellen, loving the undertone and flirting between them, Daniel smiled at Ellen looking deeply into her eyes.

“There’s plenty more to explore of me yet Ellen. I’m enjoying getting to know you more too. There’s a lot about you I’d still like to know but I’m in no hurry. No hurry at all.”

Surprised to see their deserts brought to them already Daniel looked down at the wrapped lolly like frozen deserts trying not to laugh. It seemed suddenly so child like, so immature, to finish off a date with what was essentially an iced lolly on a stick. Watching as Ellen unwrapped her cylinder lolly and took a long lick of the frozen treat he felt his pulse racing and his face burning at the innuendo of what Ellen was doing right in front of him. Thankful to be able to hide his growing erection under the table he could tell by Ellen’s mannerisms and eyes that she was thinking exactly the same as he was.

Slowly unwrapping his own kulfi on a stick he looked up again at Ellen.

“Are you enjoying it?”

“Mmmm. Very much so. It’s like it was made for my mouth. It’s sliding down so easily and it’s so slippery and juicy. I could lick it all night long!”

Feeling his dick trembling under the table Daniel licked his own cold desert in the hope it might cool him down. He needed to be alone with Ellen more than ever before. His current thoughts towards her were neither fitting for a Muslim nor appropriate for being in public but the more Ellen slid her kulfi in and out her mouth the more he longed to fuck her. He’d never wanted ti finish a dare so much ever, and not because he wasn’t enjoying Ellen’s company, the absolute opposite in fact.

*364*2024-02-12 11:47

{{19 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Are the typos in the last sentence a sign of increased desperation?? 🤔🤭

}}

Definitely! And left myself no time to proof read properly either! lol

*366*2024-02-13 00:45

Heading back to Daniel’s after the date

Looking at the piping hot food as the waiter brought it to their table Ellen realised just how hungry she really was. The smell was appetising and the presentation beautiful, but most of all she couldn’t wait to taste it as the plate was put in front of her and the waiter left. Picking up her cutlery ready to start she looked over at Daniel who had his eyes closed and his lips moving. Worried she was doing something wrong Ellen looked at him curiously. Satisfied that it was only another Muslim ritual she began eating hungrily as they chatted easily about everything from faith to their schooling, from their career aspirations to the differences in Scottish culture from one area to another.

Finally finished their main course Ellen was delighted when Daniel suggested they have a sweet too. Looking on the menu though it may as well have been in a foreign language for all Ellen understood it as she attempted, very badly, to pronounce the Afghan specialities. Seeing Daniel laughing at her attempts she felt such a rush of lust for him as his whole face lit up and his eyes sparkled. Happy to go with his recommendation of a kulfi stick Ellen was curious what it might look like.

When it arrived, wrapped in paper like a child’s ice lolly, Ellen unwrapped hers excitedly as the smooth milky coloured ice cream like pudding slid out easily. It reminded her of the milk ice lollies she’d loved as a young girl, though it tasted thicker, and colder, than she was expecting. Taking a lick of the sweet frozen treat she couldn’t help but notice Daniel’s wide eyes as the significance of her physical actions of licking a long thin cylinder like object clearly seemed to radiate with him. So when he asked, casually yet sexually at the same time, if she was enjoying it she couldn’t help but choose her words carefully to ensure a very intended double entendre.

Knowing Daniel was clearly understanding everything on every level she licked and sucked at her sweet enticingly, locking eyes with Daniel and raising her eyebrows suggestively. While watching Daniel sucking his clearly didn’t hold quite the same significance feeling his foot running up the bottom of her leg and seeing the glint in his eye definitely made her giddy with desire as she slid her kulfi stick in and out her mouth effortlessly.

By the time they were finished neither of them had any doubt about how they wanted to enjoy the rest of their evening as Ellen watched Daniel call the waiter over to pay the bill before taking her by the hand to stand up before acting the true gentleman and helping her put her jacket on. Taking her by the hand he passed a tip to the waiter before guiding her past tables back out onto bridge street. Cold from the sudden evening air Ellen pulled her jacket around her shoulders with her free hand as they walked the short distance to where Daniel had parked his car. Getting in the passenger seat Ellen reached for her belt but Daniel already had it in his hand as he dutifully leant over her larger body and breasts to click it in. Passing past her again Ellen blushed as he paused to kiss her cheek rather romantically.

Finally getting in himself Ellen reached over to touch his hand on the gear stick as she smiled over to him.

“That was delicious. Thank you!”

“Thank you for coming! So what did you think of the mango lassi?”

“It was sweeter than I expected but very pleasant. Do you ever make it yourself?”

“I’ve thought about it but to be honest I tend to leave everything like that to my mum. I’ve been won over by coffee I think to be honest with you.”

“I’m much more of a tea lover personally. I love the smell of coffee but not so much the taste.”

“Good job I’ve plenty tea bags then isn’t it. How about we end the date back at mine with some tea and coffee to finish off?”

Nodding a little more enthusiastically than she meant to Ellen smiled over at Daniel as he started the car and indicated back onto Bridge street. Assuming he knew the way back to his house she sat quietly looking out the window for the ten minutes or so it took to get back to Hillington Gardens. Pulling down the side of Daniel’s immaculate 1950’a semi Ellen thought back to her own small maisonette in Govan, missing it a little but comforted by the fact she actually had somewhere comfortable to live for now until everything was sorted. Staying in the car while Daniel got out to open the garage and drive the car inside she felt the cold air hit her once again as she shivered a little and realised she needed a wee. Climbing out into the cold but dry garage she noticed Daniel looking rather antsy himself as she wondered if the mango lassi had worked its way to his bladder too.

Heading inside via the back door as always Ellen was glad of the warmth and comfort of Daniel’s now familiar kitchen. Letting Daniel slide her coat off her she stood waiting as he hung it up as she watched him immediately go to fill the kettle up and switch it on. Hearing the tap running her mind returned quickly to her need to pee as she bit her lip nervously thinking of excusing herself but not wanting to be rude.

“I’ve just remembered I left the laptops in the my car. I’ll just be a minute. Feel free to sit down.”

About to ask if she could perhaps use the loo first Ellen wasn’t quite quick enough as Daniel opened the back door again letting a blast of cold air in as he raced towards the garage to get his laptop. Shifting around a bit sitting at the dining room table to try and get comfortable Ellen heard the kettle click and decided she’d be better off starting to make the tea and coffee. Opening cupboards to find two mugs she quickly found the coffee and tea canisters and put a tea bag and some instant coffee in the mugs. Looking for the fridge, which wasn’t easy with everything integrated, she was jiggling around a bit getting the milk when Daniel raced in carrying both laptop bags.

“My word it’s chilly tonight. That wind is cutting isn’t it. Oh I didn’t mean to leave you to make those. Hold on and I’ll do it for you.”

Struggling to stand still, with the draft having went right through her and increased her need to wee a lot, Ellen turned to face Daniel as he placed the laptop bags on the table and rushed over to her. Feeling his cold hand on hers she squeezed her muscles hard as he took the milk from her and closed the fridge.

“I was going to go to the loo really quickly but I’ll just make these first. Between the mango lassi and iced water and that cold wind I can’t believe how badly I need to go.”

Immediately feeling a spark of adrenaline and a huge amount of desire Ellen stared at Daniel openly as he twisted and fidgeted around pouring boiling water into the mugs. Standing crossed legged herself, but way too involved now in Daniel’s squirming to leave, she felt blood instantly rushing to certain parts of her body as Daniel turned around and winked at her suggestively.

“I don’t advocate pouring out water when you’re bursting to pee by the way. This really isn’t helping matters one bit!”

*367*2024-02-14 00:36

Things get interesting…

Finished their sweets at last Daniel nodded to a waiter, paid the meal plus a tip, then guided Ellen by the hand back to the car. Desperate to make an impression on Ellen, even though they’d been together nearly two weeks already, he pulled open the car door for her and even went to put her belt on, his body reacting pleasantly to being so close to Ellen’s and brushing against her large breasts. Unable to resist giving her a kiss on the cheek he smiled to himself walking around the car to the driver’s side thinking of what might lay ahead back at his.

Driving back home via a mixture of town roads, motorway and quiet suburban streets he found himself more than a little uncomfortable in the car seat as he realised that he really needed home to piss. Not wanting to spoil or interrupt what was turning out to be a wonderful first date he tried ignoring it, concentrating instead on taking the right exits and turns to get home as quickly as possible. What he knew was no more than 10 minutes actually felt five times as long as he finally pulled down the side of his house towards the garage at the back. Getting out to unlock the garage the cold October wind caught him off guard a bit as he pushed his thighs tightly together as he unlocked the garage door. Pulling it open he rushed back into the warm car to ease the car carefully into the garage, having to really concentrate as the pressure in his bladder pushed on his muscles hard.

Walking around to open Ellen’s door Daniel reached a hand down to help her out as he moved from foot to foot eager to get inside to the bathroom. The wind was blowing through the open doors now only serving to increase his urge as he closed Ellen’s passenger door hoping she couldn’t see how fidgety his movements now were. Pulling Ellen quickly towards the back door he unlocked it as they scurried inside out the cold. Remembering how they’d chatted about having tea and coffee together to end the evening he took Ellen’s coat and hung it in the cupboard with his own then went straight over to the kettle to fill it up and turn it on. Having to concentrate hard to hold his bladder with the sound of the running water Daniel was taking the few steps to put the kettle on its stand to turn it on when he suddenly remembered that he’d left their laptops still in the car!

Anxious about leaving them overnight in the car he turned to Ellen to tell her where he was going then ran out the back down towards the garage. Alone in the dark he couldn’t help but pinch himself as the wind cut through him and the cold made him shiver. Without his coat on it seemed suddenly even colder than a few minutes earlier as he unlocked and pulled one door open just enough to get inside. Clicking to unlock the car he bounced around squirming as he pulled the laptop bags out the boot, having to put them both down on the floor very suddenly as a wave of desperation hit and he had to bend over and grab himself to prevent an accident. With his need under control again, only just, Daniel locked the car and the garage and raced back into the house.

Seeing Ellen at the fridge he forgot his desperate need for a second as he felt awful that Ellen had felt obligated to make her own tea. Commenting at how cold it was outside he placed the bags on the dining table and went straight over to Ellen, loving feeling her warm chubby hand against his as he took the milk off her and jiggled over towards the mugs. Very aware that he couldn’t even stand still at all he swallowed his embarrassment and commented, facing the mugs rather than Ellen herself, that he really needed to go to the loo. Aware that Ellen was watching his every move he felt the kettle to check it had boiled then picked it up off the stand and preceded to pour water into both mugs. Despite the action only really taking seconds the sight of the water pouring combined with the soft splash as it filled the mugs was almost too much for Daniel as he turned to face Ellen with one hand over his crotch.

“I don’t advocate pouring out water when you’re bursting to pee by the way. This really isn’t helping matters one bit!”

Looking at Ellen’s face and seeing her eyes shining widely, her cheeks flushed and her mouth open Daniel realised quickly just how exciting she was now finding his situation. Aware that his need was evidently turning her on he decided to hold on a few minutes more as he turned back to pick up the mugs and place them on the dining table. Looking directly at Ellen as she walked towards him he shivered at her touch as she stroked his arm gently but sweetly.

“You can wait until we’ve had our drinks can’t you?”

Daniel nodded, hypnotised by Ellen’s voice and simple request, as he convinced himself that he could surely wait just a little bit longer. Not taking his eyes off Ellen even for a minute he stood frozen to the spot as she came even closer to him, close enough to kiss him but instead leaning up to whisper in his ear.

“What if I told you I am bursting too? It’s only a mug of coffee, it’s not like you need to wait long?”

Keen to be obedient, and extremely aroused by Ellen’s confession, Daniel stumbled to one of the dining chairs and sat down covering his crotch with his hand. Seeing Ellen sitting opposite him he gazed at her intently longing to take things a step or two further as she wriggled her fuller figure on the seat seductively.

“That was such a lot of mango lassi we drank wasn’t it?”

“Plus a glass of water each too.”

“Oh yes. That too. We can wait though. We’re adults after all.”

Daniel nodded. He had to agree he was an adult but surely even adults had their limits? He couldn’t possibly put his suit back into the dry cleaner again! Not for a third time in as many weeks!

“You really do make the most amazing tea. I need to leave it a bit to cool though. You don’t mind do you?”

Taking a sip of his own coffee Daniel changed position to try and get comfortable as his bladder pushed even more for release. Even his own drink was far too hot to consume yet but he hoped it would be very soon. Just the thought of adding more liquid to his already bulging swollen bladder was scary though as he squirmed around unable to sit still for any length of time at all.

“It’s quite warm in here isn’t it? You don’t mind if I take my top off do you?”

Gulping Daniel struggled to form words.

“You…you get yourself comfortable honey. However you want.”

Watching avidly as Ellen pulled her top off over her head slowly Daniel’s eyes almost popped out his head as he sat faced with Ellen’s large breasts right in front of him encased in a white cotton underwired bra with lace trimming cut so low that Ellen’s breasts were spilling out in the middle as she leaned forward on the table being careful to avoid the drinks.

“I really need a wee wee Daniel. I might need to hold myself to keep it in. Is that ok too?”

Gripping his own hard penis tightly Daniel bounced his leg nervously.

“You do whatever you need to Ellen. I don’t mind at all.”

*368*2024-02-16 00:45

Ellen takes control

Not taking her eyes off Daniel even for a second Ellen watched as he turned back ready to pick up the hot mugs. Taking a few steps towards him she caught him just in time, rubbing his arm gently just as he hooked his fingers into the mugs.

“You can wait until we’ve had our drinks can’t you?”

It came out much more of a command than the request she planned but part of her really didn’t want to give Daniel an option anyway. She was way too invested now, far too aroused, to watch him toddle off to a bathroom without her. She thought she saw a slight grimace but when he lifted the mugs, took them to the dining table and promptly sat down she couldn’t help but smile. This was going exactly how she wanted and seeing Daniel covering his crotch with his hand only served to excite her even more.

Sitting down opposite him she really struggled to get comfortable herself on the leather dining chair as she nonchalantly commented on the amount of mango lassi they both consumed with their meal. As Daniel quickly reminded her though it wasn’t just the lassi that they had both drank but a large glass of iced water each too. It was no wonder they were now both very desperate! But as much as she knew how much they both needed release she’d asked Daniel to wait so she would too. They were adults after all. They controlled their bladders not the other way around!

Cupping her thick fingers around the hot mug Ellen felt the steam rising to her face as she lifted the mug to take a sip. It was as delicious as ever but still far too hot to drink. The problem was though that with the steam from the mug combined with the increased blood circulating around her body due to the pressure in her bladder and her sexually heightened state she was suddenly feeling very hot. Gazing at Daniel as he squirmed around in his seat Ellen felt more than ready to move things on.

Casually commenting at how hot she was she cheekily asked permission to remove her top. Not even waiting for Daniel’s reply, guessing from his wide eyes and open mouth what he was going to say anyway, she seductively and sensually pulled her top slowly over her hips, waist, stomach and finally her curvaceous full breasts as she smiled at Daniel’s reaction. Strangely he no longer seemed preoccupied by his bladder as his eyes rested firmly on her bosom as she rested her large chest on the table letting her breasts spill out of her lace trimmed bra. Keen to return to their mutual need to pee, and ever aware how her boyfriend seemed to get highly aroused when she was bursting, Ellen looked right into Daniel’s eyes as she boldly and confidently spoke.

“I really need a wee wee Daniel. I might need to hold myself to keep it in. Is that ok too?”

Again already knowing his answer just from his facial expressions and body language Ellen winked at him as she wriggled on her seat, pressed a hand into her crotch and then used her other hand to reach her mug of tea. Guessing Daniel might be hard by now she continued to tease him by licking around the mug teasingly before noisily taking a sip.

“You know honey if your bladder needs a little more room to expand I would understand. You can always undo your suit trousers or even pull them down a bit if you’d like?”

Watching Daniel doing exactly as she suggested Ellen wished she could see under the table to see exactly where his hands were as she heard his fly unzip and watched as his upper body moved around jerkily.

“Is that any better darling?”

“Mmm. Yeah. It’s my best suit Ellen. I can’t…”

“Awww. Are you frightened of having a wee accident baby?”

“It wouldn’t be the first time! My dry cleaning bill is already escalating Ellen!”

“Would you feel more comfortable if you took those lovely trousers of yours off then?”

“If you don’t mind. I think that might be for the best.”

Glad to see Daniel standing up so she could see more now Ellen gawped as her boyfriend squirmed around and fumbled right in front of her as he attempted to step out of his grey suit trousers. Still in his smart shirt Ellen couldn’t fancy him more if she tried as she watched Daniel neatly fold his trousers and lay them on top of their laptop bags. Clearly extremely hard now she noticed ht was gripping his dick tightly with his hand over his boxers as he sat down and immediately bend forward with his head on the table.

“Shit! I seriously need a piss NOW baby!”

Using the hand already between her legs Ellen rubbed herself and wriggled on her wrist as the actions and words of her very attractive boyfriend turned her on but equally reminded her how desperate she was to wee too.

“Maybe your coffee is a bit cooler now? My tea is still roasting so I’ll need to wait a bit longer.”

“Do we really have to wait until we’ve drank them? Can’t I just go now before I burst everywhere?”

“You’re a big boy Daniel. Waiting a little won’t hurt you.”

“Are you kidding? This is already hurting! My bladder is literally rock hard. I can’t think about anything else! I’m bursting!”

“Well then you’d better drink your coffee up then hadn’t you?”

“I’m not sure I can. I think I’m going to piss myself!”

“Nonsense sweetie. Come here. I’m sure I can help you.”

Wriggling faster and rubbing quicker Ellen blushed as Daniel stood up glancing at the archway to the living room and the direction of the downstairs loo before turning back to face her and walk around the table . Taking her free hand away from her mug she reached out to pull Daniel nearer. Standing up, having to squirm to keep her desperation at bay, Ellen grabbed Daniel by the shirt until he was right in front of her still gripping his penis tightly and now sweating hard. Starting at the neckline she slowly and sensually undid one button at a time on his shirt until it was completely open. Pressing on his now exposed swollen bladder she giggled a little as he doubled over and twisted his legs.

“Fuck Ellen! Are you trying to make me piss myself?”

“Maybe? Sorry honey. Does this make up for it?”

Running her fingers down Daniel’s chest she then pulled him closer still as she licked from as far up as her mouth could reach right down to the waistline of his boxers. Gently pulling them down ever so slightly, which was a bit of a challenge given how tightly he was gripping his dick over them, she licked ever closer to his crotch and testicles as she adored the noises this elicited from her favourite man.

“Was that better?”

“Mmm. That was nice but please please may I go pee now? I don’t think I can wait any longer! We can continue this as soon as I get back. Promise!”

Rubbing herself with her legs spread open in front of Daniel Ellen did her best puppy dog eyes and pouted mouth.

“But that wouldn’t be the same if you did a wee now my love. Please please keep it in for me? Pretty please?”

Hoping that might be enough to convince Daniel to wait she quickly stood up anyway and proceeded to pull her leggings down revealing her damp white knickers and her thick shaven legs. Quickly sitting back down Ellen opened her legs in plain view of Daniel as she resumed pressing her crotch with her hand and rubbing herself.

“You’re not the only one dying to wee Daniel. You’ve no idea how badly I want to just relax and pee everywhere right this minute!”

Leaning back on the dining chair and lifting her legs up so her crotch was facing Daniel’s penis Ellen moaned as she rubbed harder.

“I’ll make a deal Daniel. Either we can drink our tea and coffee first before we both use the toilet or you can fuck me first? Which do you choose?”

*369*2024-02-18 00:51

Daniel makes his choice

Seeing Ellen slip a hand under the table and watched her upper body wiggle and jiggle Daniel felt his whole body sweating. Not content with holding herself and squirming he stared at her in need and lust as she curved her hand around her mug then leant down to sip it like a dog and run her tongue all around the edge of the mug as if it was something else. Entranced by her every move, almost like he was being hypnotised by her, Daniel gripped at his erection in his suit trousers half expecting to feel pre cum oozing out.

Suddenly feeling another very strong contraction from his aching bladder Daniel couldn’t help but squirm around as he twisted his body and squeezed at his penis urgently.

“You know honey if your bladder needs a little more room to expand I would understand. You can always undo your suit trousers or even pull them down a bit if you’d like?”

Undo his trousers? Daniel couldn’t think of anything more appealing at that moment, well other than getting to piss, as he instantly obeyed his master and undid his fly and suit trouser’s hook, pulling the waistband of his expensive grey suit trousers as wide as he dared. Feeling his bladder instantly expanding he fidgeted around grabbing at his boxers as he tried to contain the litres of piss swishing around inside his bladder. Panicking now that his mind might feel release was imminent with the removal of one layer of clothing already Daniel could only nod when Ellen asked if he felt a little better. With his teeth clenched as another urgent spasm overtook him Daniel was getting increasingly worried.

“This is my best suit..”

Looking up with begging eyes Daniel caught sight of Ellen’s grin as she teased him openly about the prospect of wetting himself in his suit trousers. Reminding her that he’d already done so before, and twice had his suit in the dry cleaners, he was relieved when she raised her eyebrows and granted him permission to take his trousers off. That turned out to be much trickier than expected as Daniel had to hold the table to keep his balance as he stepped out one foot and then the other, having to twist and jump around the entire time to prevent himself making a waterfall of piss everywhere. Determined to keep his trousers neat and clean he danced and squirmed around as he used both hands to fold the trousers and place them on top of the laptop bags on the table.

Without the aid of the tight grip from his hand though he was in serious danger of wetting everywhere as he suddenly had to sit back down and squeeze himself very tightly through his boxers as he rested his head on the table panting.

“Shit! I seriously need a piss NOW baby!”

He could feel his body shaking, his dick trembling under his fingers even, as he listened to Ellen calmly suggesting he drank more coffee! Coffee! He didn’t even dare take so much as a sip of any more liquid until he’d released all he had in him already! Trying to get over how seriously things were now Daniel begged Ellen to excuse him explaining that he couldn’t possibly wait until either of them had finished their drinks. She had other ideas clearly though as she shrugged his need off like it was nothing and instead suggested she could somehow help him hold longer. Seeing her beckoning him over to her with her hands Daniel stod up grabbing himself through his underwear like his very life depended on it.

Stepping out from behind the chair he shuffled in the direction of both Ellen and the downstairs toilet, which was tantalisingly close just through the living room, as he glanced through the archway towards where he knew relief was certain and then back at Ellen, who looking like she was masturbating her self right in front of him fully dressed. Drawn by her movements and her eyes he stepped closer to his girlfriend as she suddenly stood up and reached out to him grabbing him by the front of his shirt and pulling him to her. Not content with now having him right in front of her she carried on unbuttoning his shirt tantalising slowly button by button as he moaned under his breath and twisted his lower body in desperation. With his shirt finally fully undone she went a step further and pressed on his tender, aching, swollen bladder making him swear under his breath.

“Fuck Ellen! Are you trying to make me piss myself?”

Her grin and red cheeks made Daniel doubt her quiet apology as she promised to make it up to him as she ran her fingers down his chest towards his crotch clearly indicating what she really wanted. Before he could even attempt to run off to the bathroom she then pulled him even closer and licked his body down his chest, his waist and even into the top of his boxers making his dick swell and shake and his head go dizzy. Very horny now Daniel longed for nothing more than to fuck his sexy girlfriend but he knew he would never be able to ejaculate until he’d released at least some of the torrential pressure in his bladder.

Begging Ellen to let him go piss, promising to immediately return and resume where they had left off, Daniel was almost crying with the pressure as Ellen yet again denied him. Temped to just race away he had to step back as Ellen stood up off her chair and hurriedly ripped off her leggings before sitting back down with her legs wide open and her hips arched upwards as she rubbed herself over her pants and looking right into his eyes.

“I’ll make a deal Daniel. Either we can drink our tea and coffee first before we both use the toilet or you can fuck me first? Which do you choose?”

Pulling his boxers down Daniel let them fall to his feet as he stepped between Ellen’s legs and immediately felt a long spurt of urine burst out his very hard dick. Hearing the moans coming from Ellen as he guessed some of the warm liquid would have spurted onto her knickers and legs he placed both his hands either side of Ellen’s hips as he grabbed at her knickers to pull them down when immediately he gasped.

Ellen’s knickers were not even at her knees, her vagina all puffy and very open and her clitoris very obviously swollen and red, as a long spray of urine arched out from her urethra and ran down his own hips and legs. Pushing his body right in between Ellen’s chubby shaven legs he clasped at Ellen’s hands as he leaned down to whisper in her ear.

“Are you desperate darling? You know I am too. I want you so badly though that I’ll hold it for you if you’ll hold it for me?”

Feeling her whole body trembling Daniel pushed forwards between Ellen’s legs even further as he guided his hard on into the ready made hole even as it dribbled and leaked with warm sopping urine. It only served to lubricate things even further though, and turn him on greater as he gyrated back and forth inside Ellen as she moaned delightfully.

“I…really…need…to…wee.”

“Me too baby but this helps. Push against me. Squeeze me. I promise it will help.”

Feeling Ellen’s body squeezing hard and pushing against him he adored the whimpers and moans coming from Ellen’s mouth even as he felt warm liquid oozing past his dick and dribbling down his testicles and inner legs. Just knowing that Ellen was beyond being desperate so badly that she was leaking wee even as they made love aroused him beyond anything as his jerking and throbbing increased in pace steadily and strongly until he felt a change in Ellen’s body and the leaking easing. Thrusting deeper and harder he felt Ellen shaking harder and throbbing against him as they orgasmed simultaneously with both their legs and crotches covered in warm urine.

Slowly pulling out Daniel looked at the small puddle on his kitchen floor. It wasn’t nearly as much as he was anticipating as he rubbed his own very swollen bladder still and waited for his erection to ease. Noticing Ellen looking at him with her damp face and sweaty hair Daniel smiled back.

“Did I make the right choice honey?”

“Oh yes! Do you think my tea has cooled enough now? I’m gasping for a drink after all that.”

Suddenly remembering his own coffee Daniel stepped round to where he’d left his mug as he pulled it up to his mouth and drank the full mug in one go. Putting the empty mug down he smiled at Ellen with his lips covered in coffee.

“Slightly on the cool side but still drinkable.”

Grinning as he watched Ellen drink her full mug in two large gulps he waited until she’d put the mug down before taking her hand.

“So…would it be ok for me to go to the bathroom now?”

Suddenly standing up Ellen let go of his hand as she pushed past him.

“Only if I go first! I’m bursting!”

*370*2024-02-19 00:52

Ellen laughs at Daniel’s solution

Ecstatic to see Daniel suddenly take his boxers off revealing the most delicious chocolate brown hard penis ever Ellen beamed with delight. His choice now very obvious she stared at his phallus licking her lips in anticipation as pee spurted out of it involuntarily. Imagining just how desperate Daniel was to pee Ellen clenched her own muscles as Daniel pulled her up and ripped down her own pants so quickly she practically blinked and missed it. Feeling his body standing between her thick legs she pulled her feet around his back to squeezed him closer as wee spurted out of her now exposed pussy. Still trying to hold it in she was so absolutely desperate that no matter how hard she tried she just couldn’t fully control the pressure against her any more.

Just then Daniel bent down to whisper in her ear stating the obvious by asking if she’ was desperate. Was he crazy? She was barely managing to keep the damn in place now as he’s pushed against her saying that he was holding his own bladder back just for her. Feeling his penis now inserted inside her Ellen wriggled and pushed against it trying to get the friction and pressure she so urgently needed. Exclaiming to her lover just how badly she had to wee he only pushed further against her telling her that what he’s doing would help. It already was, at least a tiny amount, but despite being so unbelievably aroused she couldn’t help but feel warm liquid dribbling out of her exhausted urethra even as Daniel thrust inside her.

Concentrating immensely hard to keep her bladder at bay Ellen winced and moaned and thrust against Daniel, ever conscious that she was dripping urine between her legs but unable to stop it. Fighting against the powerful urges she thrust and squeezed and pushed harder and harder until her body became so engrossed in sex that it temporarily switched off the signal from her bladder. Aware the appeasement was extremely limited Ellen gave her all to the experience, allowing her whole body mind and soul to get taken up in orgasmic relief as she shook and vibrated and panted moving into a whole new realm of pleasure she adored so much. Very aware that Daniel was entering the zone in simultaneous alignment to her she let their bodies unite as one in unison surrendering to everything Daniel had to give.

A little dizzy and hyped full of adrenaline Ellen felt Daniel slowly pull out as her body came down from the high just enough to bring her back to full consciousness. Sweating and gasping she longed for a drink as her eyes caught sight of the two mugs still on the table. Looking over at them she had no idea how long they’d now been there as she let her mouth say what was on her mind.

“Do you think my tea has cooled enough now? I’m gasping for a drink after all that.”

Smiling as Daniel walked around naked to his own mug Ellen almost chuckled as he downed the entire mug in one go then looked at her with his lips covered in coffee dribbles. It reminded her instantly of their first kiss where she’d wiped his lips ever so gently after they’d had their first drinks together in the car on the way to Dundee. Hoping her own cuppa was as drinkable too she reached over for her mug and downed her own drink in a couple of large gulps as her senses began recovering and her desperate urge to wee very quickly returned.

Assuming the exact same had just happened to Daniel Ellen watched delightfully as he rubbed his hands off his thighs and jiggled his legs around. Coming back around to stand in front of her he reached out for her hand all rather romantically before shakily, and almost apologetically, asking if he could now be excused to use the toilet. It seemed so incongruous given that it was his house and she was the guest but the sentiment meant everything to Ellen as even though she felt very fulfilled and happy she couldn’t resist just one final playful moment.

Letting Daniel’s hand go she stood up, and using her weight to her advantage, she pushed past Daniel as she dared to look over her shoulder to see him now clutching at his half hard penis desperately. It was so adorably sexy, so highly arousing, yet her own bladder was so relentless in its aching pressure that she couldn’t dare wait even if she wanted to. Talking back to Daniel to say he could, of course, now pee she added an amendment that she knew would tease him just one final time.

“Only if I go first! I’m bursting!”

Emphasising that fact by grabbing at her exposed vagina Ellen hobbled as quickly as she could through the main lounge and towards the downstairs toilet hearing Daniel racing behind her clearly keen to beat her to it. Blocking the door into the little hallway that lead to the small toilet Ellen whimpered as she thought for a second it might actually be too late.

“Oh God I need a wee wee so bad!”

“You’re not the only one! Come on! Let me through honey! I’m going to burst here!”

Pushing her way into the toilet Ellen promptly closed and locked the door hearing Daniel banging on it desperately.

“Don’t do this Ellen! I’m going to piss on the tiles! Let me in! Please!”

Ignoring his pleas Ellen turned and hovered over the toilet as a very loud strong spray shot out her at speed making her lose her balance. Reaching out to the walls she lowered her body down as her wee continued to flow speedily into the loo so loudly it was echoing all around the room.

“Fuck! This is bloody torture! Hurry up!”

“You don’t have to wait you know. Isn’t there other toilets you can use?”

“They’re all upstairs! I won’t make it! Come on! Just let me in!”

Still urinating strongly Ellen tried picturing Daniel waiting outside holding himself and dancing around. He’d already leaked a lot during sex so holding it now would be so much harder. Part of her felt awful that he might genuinely be in pain but yet the other part of her relished the idea she was holding him back from needing something he so urgently wanted. Compassion finally winning her over though she emptied the last of her bladder and flushed the toilet shouting through the door that she was almost finished. Hearing just a moan back she washed her hands quickly and dried them and went to unlock the door to let Daniel in.

Her eyes bulging at the sight right in front of her Ellen gasped in shock at what she was witnessing. There in front of her was an umbrella pushed up but turned upwards on the tiled flooring filling the entire small entranceway wedged between the walls and the front door with her naked boyfriend standing broad footed aiming his penis down into it filling it with his warm foaming piss.

“What the heck…”

“You were taking forever! I couldn’t wait! It was the only thing here! I had to improvise ok!”

Laughing freely and raucously Ellen doubled over in a fit of the giggles at the absurdity of what she was witnessing.

“An umbrella! Of all the things!”

“It’s waterproof isn’t it!”

“You’re meant to get the other side wet though not the inside!”

“I was bursting ok!”

“So it seems! I’m looking forward to seeing how you get that amount of liquid out of that though!”

Curious, and rather invested in Daniel’s plans, Ellen waited as he finished peeing before he turned to face her still holding his penis between his thumb and forefinger.

“You promise never to tell anyone about this?”

“Your secret is safe with me. An upside down umbrella though! It’s very…unique!”

“I’ll be right back! Don’t let it spill on the tiles please.”

Not even risking touching the brolly Ellen stood tittering to herself as Daniel disappeared then reappeared soon after holding nothing but a set of keys.

“I just need to somehow step over it. Help me please.”

Taking Daniel’s hand Ellen supported him to take a huge step over the umbrella, still naked, as he then unlocked the front door. Hiding behind the door as best he could Daniel somehow carefully edged the brolly ever closer to the door then tipped it over the lip at a slight angle allowing all the urine to pour slowly out the front door and down the steps. It took over a minute before all of the liquid drained out of the umbrella before Daniel closed the door and re locked it again.

“This’ll need a wash before I next use it. Not that I ever really use it though. It’s been standing there for years. I don’t even use my front door so I’ve no idea why it was even there.”

“Are you sure it’s even yours?”

“Shit! I hope no-one else wants it back now!”

“I think it’s safe to say they’ve long forgotten about it if they did leave it. Good job it was there though eh!”

“Absolutely. I feel like a new man now having finally had that piss. You’re a hard task master Ellen Hemmingdale but you know what? I absolutely love it babe. Best first date ever!”

“It’s been a lovely evening Daniel. Thank you for taking me out.”

“You’re very welcome. We should do it again sometime soon.”

“Definitely!”

*372*2024-02-19 19:08

{{8 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

That was a hilarious twist to end an extremely sexy chapter!

}}

Thank you! I actually stood by my own front door desperate while writing it to imagine what might be there for Daniel to use. Since he only uses his back door I figured there wouldn’t even be a pair of boots to use but a visitor could have left an umbrella by mistake. I even opened one out and was temped to check it worked lol

*374*2024-02-20 23:06

{{21 hours ago, david_578 said:

Now I really want to know if it worked! (...I know, too much to ask. 😉...)

}}

It’s never too much to ask? I would have answered sooner but been in hospital with my daughter.

I didn’t actually try it as I have a shoe rack by my front door so there wasn’t room to open it fully…if there had been more room ids have definitely given it a go!

*375*2024-02-21 00:49

The night before the interview

Realising Ellen was serious and heading straight for the downstairs loo Daniel chased after her clutching himself tightly. Trying to squeeze past her knowing his body was extremely close to its limit he became very frustrated when Ellen stretched her full body across the door frame into the entrance hall to the front door and the small downstairs loo. Unable to get past her at all he danced around urgently hearing his naked girlfriend moaning about how bursting she was to pee. She was bursting? He could barely contain himself as he tensed himself and twisted sweating from the sheer effort of holding on.

Then she suddenly moved as Daniel processed that he could finally get to the toilet. He was just a fraction of second too late though as he watched in horror as Ellen slammed and locked the toilet door right in front of his face. Shouting into her to open up he bent forward squeezing himself hoping Ellen might just unlock the door so they could both pee. As she shouted back through telling him to use another toilet he sighed and knocked on the door in exasperation.

Hearing the noise of Ellen peeing loudly was torturous as sweat dripped from Daniel’s forehead as he pushed his penis between his legs and pushed his thighs together in a vain effort to keep his bladder’s contents safe inside his body still. Aware that any second the flood gates would open Daniel turned around frantically looking for anything to help him. Only ever using the small hallway to access the downstairs loo Daniel could only see one item perched against the wall right by the front door, a black umbrella that he guessed wasn’t even his. Reaching out to grab it a crazy idea formed that might just work. Pushing the umbrella open Daniel turned it upside down into the tiled floor right as a spurt of warm urine pushed out of his dick uncontrollably. Watching it fall into the upside down brolly and run towards the middle Daniel had nothing more to lose.

Stepping right next to the open upside down umbrella he aimed his exhausted penis in the direction of the centre of the umbrella and let nature take its course. Once started there was absolutely no stopping the flow as it foamed and ran towards the lower centre forming a bigger and bigger puddle as he urinated more and more. Still peeing Daniel turned around in shock as he heard the toilet door open and Ellen step out! Embarrassed, but much much more comfortable that he was five minutes previously, Daniel looked at his girlfriend shyly.

“What the heck…!”

Exclaiming that he had no other choice because he’d been so bursting to go he loved how Ellen found the situation so hilarious as she laughingly asked how he intended to dispose of the contents he’d made as Daniel looked at his front door thinking. Leaving Ellen he rushed back to the kitchen for his house keys, carefully unlocked and opened the front door and angled the umbrella just so until almost all his pee ran out and down the front stairs.

Turning back to smile at Ellen they joked together about what had just happened as Daniel looked in Ellen’s eyes and knew that what he was feeling for her was now much deeper than the original lust he’d felt for her the previous few months. Popping into the toilet to wash his hands he continued chatting to Ellen until his hands were dry and he was back out beside her.

“I haven’t forgotten that you’ve got an interview in the morning Ellen. What say we put everything on to charge, have a quick tidy up and then have a cuppa before bed?”

It was more of a statement than a question and Ellen seemed to pick it up that way too as she followed him back to the kitchen, pulled her laptop out its bag and put it on charge on the coffee table in the living room. Plugging his own laptop in to charge in the kitchen Daniel filled a mop bucket with floor cleaner and hot water while Ellen put their mugs from earlier in the sink. Quickly mopping the remains of their puddle for earlier he did a final quick tidy up then switched the kettle on for a cuppa.

“Why don’t you pop up and get ready for bed Ellen and I’ll bring this up. Do you want toast or anything with it?”

“Just tea is fine thanks.”

Making the drinks on his own Daniel was tired but feeling content and blessed as he carried the mugs upstairs grateful to have Ellen in his bed with him yet again. Seeing her sitting up in the bed with the duvet pulled up tightly to her shoulders he placed her tea down and walked around to the other side with his coffee.

“You ok darling?”

“I can’t find my nightshirt.”

“Have you only got one?”

Seeing Ellen nod Daniel smiled at her sympathetically.

“I don’t mind you sleeping topless, in fact I’d love it, but if you’d prefer I can let you have one of my t-shirts.”

“Would you mind?”

“Of course not. I have some really loose ones somewhere. Let me see what I can find.”

Sliding the wardrobe open Daniel checked through his garments for the baggiest T-shirt he owned thrilled to see it fitted Ellen pretty ok.

“Thank you.”

Sipping their drinks quietly they both just enjoyed the simplicity of the other’s company as their eyes became heavy and their drinks gradually finished.

“You’re going to be amazing at that interview tomorrow Ellen. I plan on working from home if you want to choose the kitchen or the living room. I don’t mind where I work. Just let me know in the morning. We can head to the ship once you’re finished. How does that sound?”

“That’s fine. Thank you.”

Seeing how exhausted Ellen now looked Daniel took her empty mug away and tucked her gently under the duvet. Reaching down to lightly kiss her forehead he hoped she would sleep well.

“Night Ellen. See you in the morning.”

