The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 15

Author: Mbgpeelover

*362*2024-02-11 00:29

Daniel very much enjoys his date with Ellen

Crossing back over the river Clyde on Bridge street, one of the many one way streets in the city centre, Daniel pulled into a side street and parked up. While the restaurant was busy and well placed, especially for the nearby mosque, it really did lack parking, something Daniel had thought every time he’d visited. Going around the car to open Ellen’s door for her he reached out to help her out before turning to lock the car. Taking hold of her hand firmly he walked the short distance to the Afghan restaurant pulling the door open for his beautiful girlfriend to go in first.

Their table was waiting for them and Daniel happily let the attentive waiter take their coats and pull out their seats. While he couldn’t quite place the gentleman’s name he definitely recognised him from his years at the mosque as Daniel smiled at him warmly to thank him for his service. Looking across at Ellen she seemed so happy, though possibly a little overwhelmed at the occasion he thought, as she picked up the menu looking a little confused. It seemed strange having to explain what mango lassi was but Daniel was patient and kind as he suggested having one of the restaurants signature dishes to eat which Ellen readily agreed on. Ordering a jug of mango lassi, two glasses of iced water and two lamb dishes with rice Daniel felt things were really going well as Ellen chatted away about one of the many foster families she’d lived with and he shared a little about no longer attending mosque.

Pouring out a glass each of the delicious mango lassi they sipped at their drinks until Ellen picked up the menu again. Hearing her comment about the lack of prices Daniel gently took the menu from her smiling. Cost was not even a consideration for him tonight, not when he was with such a gorgeous sexy lady. Moving his hand on top of Ellen’s he stroked the back of her hand soothingly as he complimented her easily, gazing into her hypnotic radiant eyes. From there the conversation became rather more flirtatious with Ellen talking about his suit going to the dry cleaners so often and him hinting about accidents, the kind that they both clearly understood even if everyone around them was obvious.

As expected the food arrived promptly as the smell immediately made Daniel hungry. Thanking the waiter he paused out of habit and tradition as he closed his eyes and quietly said the dua before starting.

“Bismillah Wa'ala Barakatillah”

Opening his eyes to see Ellen looking at him awkwardly Daniel shyly took her hand again on the table.

“It’s just what I’ve always been brought up to say before eating. We’re meant to mention Allan before we eat. A bit like grace I guess.”

“Should I say it too?”

“No. No. It’s ok, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable. I suppose I just do it automatically now without thinking.”

“Your mum would be proud of you. Maybe you haven’t deserted your faith as much as you think you have.”

“Maybe. Though she wouldn’t approve of me dating someone who isn’t a Muslim, or at least a woman of the book.”

Letting Ellen’s hand go so they could both eat Daniel was well aware of Ellen smiling at him even as she ate.

“So are you only meant to date Muslim woman then?”

“Kind of. That’s what my mum would prefer anyway Her and dad tried matching me up with one or two Muslim women before dad passed on. It never happened though as I wasn’t happy about it at all. So what do you think of the lamb chasni?”

Delighted to hear Ellen was enjoying her food Daniel kept their glasses of mango nissi topped up as they chatted freely and easily about their upbringings, cultures, careers and different educational experiences whilst eating their meal. With their plates now empty Daniel looked around for the waiter who was there in less than a minute. Offering them a sweet Daniel watched as Ellen once again lifted the menu to check. Smiling at her knowing she’d likely not know what any of the options were it was hard for Daniel not to laugh as Ellen attempted to pronounce the Afghan names. Letting her struggle for a moment he winked at her smiling.

“The most popular is a simple kulfi stick. It’s a bit like ice cream I guess but thicker. I think you’d like that.”

Seeing Ellen nod Daniel ordered two kulfi sticks before taking a long sip of his water. Noticing they had drunk almost a full jug of mango nissi between them he could feel his excitement rising.

“Your pronunciation of those sweets was so funny. Have you really never heard of kulfi before?”

“Not until tonight. I’m certainly learning a lot from you tonight Daniel. There’s definitely more to you than people think.”

Smirking at Ellen, loving the undertone and flirting between them, Daniel smiled at Ellen looking deeply into her eyes.

“There’s plenty more to explore of me yet Ellen. I’m enjoying getting to know you more too. There’s a lot about you I’d still like to know but I’m in no hurry. No hurry at all.”

Surprised to see their deserts brought to them already Daniel looked down at the wrapped lolly like frozen deserts trying not to laugh. It seemed suddenly so child like, so immature, to finish off a date with what was essentially an iced lolly on a stick. Watching as Ellen unwrapped her cylinder lolly and took a long lick of the frozen treat he felt his pulse racing and his face burning at the innuendo of what Ellen was doing right in front of him. Thankful to be able to hide his growing erection under the table he could tell by Ellen’s mannerisms and eyes that she was thinking exactly the same as he was.

Slowly unwrapping his own kulfi on a stick he looked up again at Ellen.

“Are you enjoying it?”

“Mmmm. Very much so. It’s like it was made for my mouth. It’s sliding down so easily and it’s so slippery and juicy. I could lick it all night long!”

Feeling his dick trembling under the table Daniel licked his own cold desert in the hope it might cool him down. He needed to be alone with Ellen more than ever before. His current thoughts towards her were neither fitting for a Muslim nor appropriate for being in public but the more Ellen slid her kulfi in and out her mouth the more he longed to fuck her. He’d never wanted ti finish a dare so much ever, and not because he wasn’t enjoying Ellen’s company, the absolute opposite in fact.

*364*2024-02-12 11:47

{{19 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Are the typos in the last sentence a sign of increased desperation?? 🤔🤭

}}

Definitely! And left myself no time to proof read properly either! lol

*366*2024-02-13 00:45

Heading back to Daniel’s after the date

Looking at the piping hot food as the waiter brought it to their table Ellen realised just how hungry she really was. The smell was appetising and the presentation beautiful, but most of all she couldn’t wait to taste it as the plate was put in front of her and the waiter left. Picking up her cutlery ready to start she looked over at Daniel who had his eyes closed and his lips moving. Worried she was doing something wrong Ellen looked at him curiously. Satisfied that it was only another Muslim ritual she began eating hungrily as they chatted easily about everything from faith to their schooling, from their career aspirations to the differences in Scottish culture from one area to another.

Finally finished their main course Ellen was delighted when Daniel suggested they have a sweet too. Looking on the menu though it may as well have been in a foreign language for all Ellen understood it as she attempted, very badly, to pronounce the Afghan specialities. Seeing Daniel laughing at her attempts she felt such a rush of lust for him as his whole face lit up and his eyes sparkled. Happy to go with his recommendation of a kulfi stick Ellen was curious what it might look like.

When it arrived, wrapped in paper like a child’s ice lolly, Ellen unwrapped hers excitedly as the smooth milky coloured ice cream like pudding slid out easily. It reminded her of the milk ice lollies she’d loved as a young girl, though it tasted thicker, and colder, than she was expecting. Taking a lick of the sweet frozen treat she couldn’t help but notice Daniel’s wide eyes as the significance of her physical actions of licking a long thin cylinder like object clearly seemed to radiate with him. So when he asked, casually yet sexually at the same time, if she was enjoying it she couldn’t help but choose her words carefully to ensure a very intended double entendre.

Knowing Daniel was clearly understanding everything on every level she licked and sucked at her sweet enticingly, locking eyes with Daniel and raising her eyebrows suggestively. While watching Daniel sucking his clearly didn’t hold quite the same significance feeling his foot running up the bottom of her leg and seeing the glint in his eye definitely made her giddy with desire as she slid her kulfi stick in and out her mouth effortlessly.

By the time they were finished neither of them had any doubt about how they wanted to enjoy the rest of their evening as Ellen watched Daniel call the waiter over to pay the bill before taking her by the hand to stand up before acting the true gentleman and helping her put her jacket on. Taking her by the hand he passed a tip to the waiter before guiding her past tables back out onto bridge street. Cold from the sudden evening air Ellen pulled her jacket around her shoulders with her free hand as they walked the short distance to where Daniel had parked his car. Getting in the passenger seat Ellen reached for her belt but Daniel already had it in his hand as he dutifully leant over her larger body and breasts to click it in. Passing past her again Ellen blushed as he paused to kiss her cheek rather romantically.

Finally getting in himself Ellen reached over to touch his hand on the gear stick as she smiled over to him.

“That was delicious. Thank you!”

“Thank you for coming! So what did you think of the mango lassi?”

“It was sweeter than I expected but very pleasant. Do you ever make it yourself?”

“I’ve thought about it but to be honest I tend to leave everything like that to my mum. I’ve been won over by coffee I think to be honest with you.”

“I’m much more of a tea lover personally. I love the smell of coffee but not so much the taste.”

“Good job I’ve plenty tea bags then isn’t it. How about we end the date back at mine with some tea and coffee to finish off?”

Nodding a little more enthusiastically than she meant to Ellen smiled over at Daniel as he started the car and indicated back onto Bridge street. Assuming he knew the way back to his house she sat quietly looking out the window for the ten minutes or so it took to get back to Hillington Gardens. Pulling down the side of Daniel’s immaculate 1950’a semi Ellen thought back to her own small maisonette in Govan, missing it a little but comforted by the fact she actually had somewhere comfortable to live for now until everything was sorted. Staying in the car while Daniel got out to open the garage and drive the car inside she felt the cold air hit her once again as she shivered a little and realised she needed a wee. Climbing out into the cold but dry garage she noticed Daniel looking rather antsy himself as she wondered if the mango lassi had worked its way to his bladder too.

Heading inside via the back door as always Ellen was glad of the warmth and comfort of Daniel’s now familiar kitchen. Letting Daniel slide her coat off her she stood waiting as he hung it up as she watched him immediately go to fill the kettle up and switch it on. Hearing the tap running her mind returned quickly to her need to pee as she bit her lip nervously thinking of excusing herself but not wanting to be rude.

“I’ve just remembered I left the laptops in the my car. I’ll just be a minute. Feel free to sit down.”

About to ask if she could perhaps use the loo first Ellen wasn’t quite quick enough as Daniel opened the back door again letting a blast of cold air in as he raced towards the garage to get his laptop. Shifting around a bit sitting at the dining room table to try and get comfortable Ellen heard the kettle click and decided she’d be better off starting to make the tea and coffee. Opening cupboards to find two mugs she quickly found the coffee and tea canisters and put a tea bag and some instant coffee in the mugs. Looking for the fridge, which wasn’t easy with everything integrated, she was jiggling around a bit getting the milk when Daniel raced in carrying both laptop bags.

“My word it’s chilly tonight. That wind is cutting isn’t it. Oh I didn’t mean to leave you to make those. Hold on and I’ll do it for you.”

Struggling to stand still, with the draft having went right through her and increased her need to wee a lot, Ellen turned to face Daniel as he placed the laptop bags on the table and rushed over to her. Feeling his cold hand on hers she squeezed her muscles hard as he took the milk from her and closed the fridge.

“I was going to go to the loo really quickly but I’ll just make these first. Between the mango lassi and iced water and that cold wind I can’t believe how badly I need to go.”

Immediately feeling a spark of adrenaline and a huge amount of desire Ellen stared at Daniel openly as he twisted and fidgeted around pouring boiling water into the mugs. Standing crossed legged herself, but way too involved now in Daniel’s squirming to leave, she felt blood instantly rushing to certain parts of her body as Daniel turned around and winked at her suggestively.

“I don’t advocate pouring out water when you’re bursting to pee by the way. This really isn’t helping matters one bit!”

*367*2024-02-14 00:36

Things get interesting…

Finished their sweets at last Daniel nodded to a waiter, paid the meal plus a tip, then guided Ellen by the hand back to the car. Desperate to make an impression on Ellen, even though they’d been together nearly two weeks already, he pulled open the car door for her and even went to put her belt on, his body reacting pleasantly to being so close to Ellen’s and brushing against her large breasts. Unable to resist giving her a kiss on the cheek he smiled to himself walking around the car to the driver’s side thinking of what might lay ahead back at his.

Driving back home via a mixture of town roads, motorway and quiet suburban streets he found himself more than a little uncomfortable in the car seat as he realised that he really needed home to piss. Not wanting to spoil or interrupt what was turning out to be a wonderful first date he tried ignoring it, concentrating instead on taking the right exits and turns to get home as quickly as possible. What he knew was no more than 10 minutes actually felt five times as long as he finally pulled down the side of his house towards the garage at the back. Getting out to unlock the garage the cold October wind caught him off guard a bit as he pushed his thighs tightly together as he unlocked the garage door. Pulling it open he rushed back into the warm car to ease the car carefully into the garage, having to really concentrate as the pressure in his bladder pushed on his muscles hard.

Walking around to open Ellen’s door Daniel reached a hand down to help her out as he moved from foot to foot eager to get inside to the bathroom. The wind was blowing through the open doors now only serving to increase his urge as he closed Ellen’s passenger door hoping she couldn’t see how fidgety his movements now were. Pulling Ellen quickly towards the back door he unlocked it as they scurried inside out the cold. Remembering how they’d chatted about having tea and coffee together to end the evening he took Ellen’s coat and hung it in the cupboard with his own then went straight over to the kettle to fill it up and turn it on. Having to concentrate hard to hold his bladder with the sound of the running water Daniel was taking the few steps to put the kettle on its stand to turn it on when he suddenly remembered that he’d left their laptops still in the car!

Anxious about leaving them overnight in the car he turned to Ellen to tell her where he was going then ran out the back down towards the garage. Alone in the dark he couldn’t help but pinch himself as the wind cut through him and the cold made him shiver. Without his coat on it seemed suddenly even colder than a few minutes earlier as he unlocked and pulled one door open just enough to get inside. Clicking to unlock the car he bounced around squirming as he pulled the laptop bags out the boot, having to put them both down on the floor very suddenly as a wave of desperation hit and he had to bend over and grab himself to prevent an accident. With his need under control again, only just, Daniel locked the car and the garage and raced back into the house.

Seeing Ellen at the fridge he forgot his desperate need for a second as he felt awful that Ellen had felt obligated to make her own tea. Commenting at how cold it was outside he placed the bags on the dining table and went straight over to Ellen, loving feeling her warm chubby hand against his as he took the milk off her and jiggled over towards the mugs. Very aware that he couldn’t even stand still at all he swallowed his embarrassment and commented, facing the mugs rather than Ellen herself, that he really needed to go to the loo. Aware that Ellen was watching his every move he felt the kettle to check it had boiled then picked it up off the stand and preceded to pour water into both mugs. Despite the action only really taking seconds the sight of the water pouring combined with the soft splash as it filled the mugs was almost too much for Daniel as he turned to face Ellen with one hand over his crotch.

“I don’t advocate pouring out water when you’re bursting to pee by the way. This really isn’t helping matters one bit!”

Looking at Ellen’s face and seeing her eyes shining widely, her cheeks flushed and her mouth open Daniel realised quickly just how exciting she was now finding his situation. Aware that his need was evidently turning her on he decided to hold on a few minutes more as he turned back to pick up the mugs and place them on the dining table. Looking directly at Ellen as she walked towards him he shivered at her touch as she stroked his arm gently but sweetly.

“You can wait until we’ve had our drinks can’t you?”

Daniel nodded, hypnotised by Ellen’s voice and simple request, as he convinced himself that he could surely wait just a little bit longer. Not taking his eyes off Ellen even for a minute he stood frozen to the spot as she came even closer to him, close enough to kiss him but instead leaning up to whisper in his ear.

“What if I told you I am bursting too? It’s only a mug of coffee, it’s not like you need to wait long?”

Keen to be obedient, and extremely aroused by Ellen’s confession, Daniel stumbled to one of the dining chairs and sat down covering his crotch with his hand. Seeing Ellen sitting opposite him he gazed at her intently longing to take things a step or two further as she wriggled her fuller figure on the seat seductively.

“That was such a lot of mango lassi we drank wasn’t it?”

“Plus a glass of water each too.”

“Oh yes. That too. We can wait though. We’re adults after all.”

Daniel nodded. He had to agree he was an adult but surely even adults had their limits? He couldn’t possibly put his suit back into the dry cleaner again! Not for a third time in as many weeks!

“You really do make the most amazing tea. I need to leave it a bit to cool though. You don’t mind do you?”

Taking a sip of his own coffee Daniel changed position to try and get comfortable as his bladder pushed even more for release. Even his own drink was far too hot to consume yet but he hoped it would be very soon. Just the thought of adding more liquid to his already bulging swollen bladder was scary though as he squirmed around unable to sit still for any length of time at all.

“It’s quite warm in here isn’t it? You don’t mind if I take my top off do you?”

Gulping Daniel struggled to form words.

“You…you get yourself comfortable honey. However you want.”

Watching avidly as Ellen pulled her top off over her head slowly Daniel’s eyes almost popped out his head as he sat faced with Ellen’s large breasts right in front of him encased in a white cotton underwired bra with lace trimming cut so low that Ellen’s breasts were spilling out in the middle as she leaned forward on the table being careful to avoid the drinks.

“I really need a wee wee Daniel. I might need to hold myself to keep it in. Is that ok too?”

Gripping his own hard penis tightly Daniel bounced his leg nervously.

“You do whatever you need to Ellen. I don’t mind at all.”

*368*2024-02-16 00:45

Ellen takes control

Not taking her eyes off Daniel even for a second Ellen watched as he turned back ready to pick up the hot mugs. Taking a few steps towards him she caught him just in time, rubbing his arm gently just as he hooked his fingers into the mugs.

“You can wait until we’ve had our drinks can’t you?”

It came out much more of a command than the request she planned but part of her really didn’t want to give Daniel an option anyway. She was way too invested now, far too aroused, to watch him toddle off to a bathroom without her. She thought she saw a slight grimace but when he lifted the mugs, took them to the dining table and promptly sat down she couldn’t help but smile. This was going exactly how she wanted and seeing Daniel covering his crotch with his hand only served to excite her even more.

Sitting down opposite him she really struggled to get comfortable herself on the leather dining chair as she nonchalantly commented on the amount of mango lassi they both consumed with their meal. As Daniel quickly reminded her though it wasn’t just the lassi that they had both drank but a large glass of iced water each too. It was no wonder they were now both very desperate! But as much as she knew how much they both needed release she’d asked Daniel to wait so she would too. They were adults after all. They controlled their bladders not the other way around!

Cupping her thick fingers around the hot mug Ellen felt the steam rising to her face as she lifted the mug to take a sip. It was as delicious as ever but still far too hot to drink. The problem was though that with the steam from the mug combined with the increased blood circulating around her body due to the pressure in her bladder and her sexually heightened state she was suddenly feeling very hot. Gazing at Daniel as he squirmed around in his seat Ellen felt more than ready to move things on.

Casually commenting at how hot she was she cheekily asked permission to remove her top. Not even waiting for Daniel’s reply, guessing from his wide eyes and open mouth what he was going to say anyway, she seductively and sensually pulled her top slowly over her hips, waist, stomach and finally her curvaceous full breasts as she smiled at Daniel’s reaction. Strangely he no longer seemed preoccupied by his bladder as his eyes rested firmly on her bosom as she rested her large chest on the table letting her breasts spill out of her lace trimmed bra. Keen to return to their mutual need to pee, and ever aware how her boyfriend seemed to get highly aroused when she was bursting, Ellen looked right into Daniel’s eyes as she boldly and confidently spoke.

“I really need a wee wee Daniel. I might need to hold myself to keep it in. Is that ok too?”

Again already knowing his answer just from his facial expressions and body language Ellen winked at him as she wriggled on her seat, pressed a hand into her crotch and then used her other hand to reach her mug of tea. Guessing Daniel might be hard by now she continued to tease him by licking around the mug teasingly before noisily taking a sip.

“You know honey if your bladder needs a little more room to expand I would understand. You can always undo your suit trousers or even pull them down a bit if you’d like?”

Watching Daniel doing exactly as she suggested Ellen wished she could see under the table to see exactly where his hands were as she heard his fly unzip and watched as his upper body moved around jerkily.

“Is that any better darling?”

“Mmm. Yeah. It’s my best suit Ellen. I can’t…”

“Awww. Are you frightened of having a wee accident baby?”

“It wouldn’t be the first time! My dry cleaning bill is already escalating Ellen!”

“Would you feel more comfortable if you took those lovely trousers of yours off then?”

“If you don’t mind. I think that might be for the best.”

Glad to see Daniel standing up so she could see more now Ellen gawped as her boyfriend squirmed around and fumbled right in front of her as he attempted to step out of his grey suit trousers. Still in his smart shirt Ellen couldn’t fancy him more if she tried as she watched Daniel neatly fold his trousers and lay them on top of their laptop bags. Clearly extremely hard now she noticed ht was gripping his dick tightly with his hand over his boxers as he sat down and immediately bend forward with his head on the table.

“Shit! I seriously need a piss NOW baby!”

Using the hand already between her legs Ellen rubbed herself and wriggled on her wrist as the actions and words of her very attractive boyfriend turned her on but equally reminded her how desperate she was to wee too.

“Maybe your coffee is a bit cooler now? My tea is still roasting so I’ll need to wait a bit longer.”

“Do we really have to wait until we’ve drank them? Can’t I just go now before I burst everywhere?”

“You’re a big boy Daniel. Waiting a little won’t hurt you.”

“Are you kidding? This is already hurting! My bladder is literally rock hard. I can’t think about anything else! I’m bursting!”

“Well then you’d better drink your coffee up then hadn’t you?”

“I’m not sure I can. I think I’m going to piss myself!”

“Nonsense sweetie. Come here. I’m sure I can help you.”

Wriggling faster and rubbing quicker Ellen blushed as Daniel stood up glancing at the archway to the living room and the direction of the downstairs loo before turning back to face her and walk around the table . Taking her free hand away from her mug she reached out to pull Daniel nearer. Standing up, having to squirm to keep her desperation at bay, Ellen grabbed Daniel by the shirt until he was right in front of her still gripping his penis tightly and now sweating hard. Starting at the neckline she slowly and sensually undid one button at a time on his shirt until it was completely open. Pressing on his now exposed swollen bladder she giggled a little as he doubled over and twisted his legs.

“Fuck Ellen! Are you trying to make me piss myself?”

“Maybe? Sorry honey. Does this make up for it?”

Running her fingers down Daniel’s chest she then pulled him closer still as she licked from as far up as her mouth could reach right down to the waistline of his boxers. Gently pulling them down ever so slightly, which was a bit of a challenge given how tightly he was gripping his dick over them, she licked ever closer to his crotch and testicles as she adored the noises this elicited from her favourite man.

“Was that better?”

“Mmm. That was nice but please please may I go pee now? I don’t think I can wait any longer! We can continue this as soon as I get back. Promise!”

Rubbing herself with her legs spread open in front of Daniel Ellen did her best puppy dog eyes and pouted mouth.

“But that wouldn’t be the same if you did a wee now my love. Please please keep it in for me? Pretty please?”

Hoping that might be enough to convince Daniel to wait she quickly stood up anyway and proceeded to pull her leggings down revealing her damp white knickers and her thick shaven legs. Quickly sitting back down Ellen opened her legs in plain view of Daniel as she resumed pressing her crotch with her hand and rubbing herself.

“You’re not the only one dying to wee Daniel. You’ve no idea how badly I want to just relax and pee everywhere right this minute!”

Leaning back on the dining chair and lifting her legs up so her crotch was facing Daniel’s penis Ellen moaned as she rubbed harder.

“I’ll make a deal Daniel. Either we can drink our tea and coffee first before we both use the toilet or you can fuck me first? Which do you choose?”

*369*2024-02-18 00:51

Daniel makes his choice

Seeing Ellen slip a hand under the table and watched her upper body wiggle and jiggle Daniel felt his whole body sweating. Not content with holding herself and squirming he stared at her in need and lust as she curved her hand around her mug then leant down to sip it like a dog and run her tongue all around the edge of the mug as if it was something else. Entranced by her every move, almost like he was being hypnotised by her, Daniel gripped at his erection in his suit trousers half expecting to feel pre cum oozing out.

Suddenly feeling another very strong contraction from his aching bladder Daniel couldn’t help but squirm around as he twisted his body and squeezed at his penis urgently.

“You know honey if your bladder needs a little more room to expand I would understand. You can always undo your suit trousers or even pull them down a bit if you’d like?”

Undo his trousers? Daniel couldn’t think of anything more appealing at that moment, well other than getting to piss, as he instantly obeyed his master and undid his fly and suit trouser’s hook, pulling the waistband of his expensive grey suit trousers as wide as he dared. Feeling his bladder instantly expanding he fidgeted around grabbing at his boxers as he tried to contain the litres of piss swishing around inside his bladder. Panicking now that his mind might feel release was imminent with the removal of one layer of clothing already Daniel could only nod when Ellen asked if he felt a little better. With his teeth clenched as another urgent spasm overtook him Daniel was getting increasingly worried.

“This is my best suit..”

Looking up with begging eyes Daniel caught sight of Ellen’s grin as she teased him openly about the prospect of wetting himself in his suit trousers. Reminding her that he’d already done so before, and twice had his suit in the dry cleaners, he was relieved when she raised her eyebrows and granted him permission to take his trousers off. That turned out to be much trickier than expected as Daniel had to hold the table to keep his balance as he stepped out one foot and then the other, having to twist and jump around the entire time to prevent himself making a waterfall of piss everywhere. Determined to keep his trousers neat and clean he danced and squirmed around as he used both hands to fold the trousers and place them on top of the laptop bags on the table.

Without the aid of the tight grip from his hand though he was in serious danger of wetting everywhere as he suddenly had to sit back down and squeeze himself very tightly through his boxers as he rested his head on the table panting.

“Shit! I seriously need a piss NOW baby!”

He could feel his body shaking, his dick trembling under his fingers even, as he listened to Ellen calmly suggesting he drank more coffee! Coffee! He didn’t even dare take so much as a sip of any more liquid until he’d released all he had in him already! Trying to get over how seriously things were now Daniel begged Ellen to excuse him explaining that he couldn’t possibly wait until either of them had finished their drinks. She had other ideas clearly though as she shrugged his need off like it was nothing and instead suggested she could somehow help him hold longer. Seeing her beckoning him over to her with her hands Daniel stod up grabbing himself through his underwear like his very life depended on it.

Stepping out from behind the chair he shuffled in the direction of both Ellen and the downstairs toilet, which was tantalisingly close just through the living room, as he glanced through the archway towards where he knew relief was certain and then back at Ellen, who looking like she was masturbating her self right in front of him fully dressed. Drawn by her movements and her eyes he stepped closer to his girlfriend as she suddenly stood up and reached out to him grabbing him by the front of his shirt and pulling him to her. Not content with now having him right in front of her she carried on unbuttoning his shirt tantalising slowly button by button as he moaned under his breath and twisted his lower body in desperation. With his shirt finally fully undone she went a step further and pressed on his tender, aching, swollen bladder making him swear under his breath.

“Fuck Ellen! Are you trying to make me piss myself?”

Her grin and red cheeks made Daniel doubt her quiet apology as she promised to make it up to him as she ran her fingers down his chest towards his crotch clearly indicating what she really wanted. Before he could even attempt to run off to the bathroom she then pulled him even closer and licked his body down his chest, his waist and even into the top of his boxers making his dick swell and shake and his head go dizzy. Very horny now Daniel longed for nothing more than to fuck his sexy girlfriend but he knew he would never be able to ejaculate until he’d released at least some of the torrential pressure in his bladder.

Begging Ellen to let him go piss, promising to immediately return and resume where they had left off, Daniel was almost crying with the pressure as Ellen yet again denied him. Temped to just race away he had to step back as Ellen stood up off her chair and hurriedly ripped off her leggings before sitting back down with her legs wide open and her hips arched upwards as she rubbed herself over her pants and looking right into his eyes.

“I’ll make a deal Daniel. Either we can drink our tea and coffee first before we both use the toilet or you can fuck me first? Which do you choose?”

Pulling his boxers down Daniel let them fall to his feet as he stepped between Ellen’s legs and immediately felt a long spurt of urine burst out his very hard dick. Hearing the moans coming from Ellen as he guessed some of the warm liquid would have spurted onto her knickers and legs he placed both his hands either side of Ellen’s hips as he grabbed at her knickers to pull them down when immediately he gasped.

Ellen’s knickers were not even at her knees, her vagina all puffy and very open and her clitoris very obviously swollen and red, as a long spray of urine arched out from her urethra and ran down his own hips and legs. Pushing his body right in between Ellen’s chubby shaven legs he clasped at Ellen’s hands as he leaned down to whisper in her ear.

“Are you desperate darling? You know I am too. I want you so badly though that I’ll hold it for you if you’ll hold it for me?”

Feeling her whole body trembling Daniel pushed forwards between Ellen’s legs even further as he guided his hard on into the ready made hole even as it dribbled and leaked with warm sopping urine. It only served to lubricate things even further though, and turn him on greater as he gyrated back and forth inside Ellen as she moaned delightfully.

“I…really…need…to…wee.”

“Me too baby but this helps. Push against me. Squeeze me. I promise it will help.”

Feeling Ellen’s body squeezing hard and pushing against him he adored the whimpers and moans coming from Ellen’s mouth even as he felt warm liquid oozing past his dick and dribbling down his testicles and inner legs. Just knowing that Ellen was beyond being desperate so badly that she was leaking wee even as they made love aroused him beyond anything as his jerking and throbbing increased in pace steadily and strongly until he felt a change in Ellen’s body and the leaking easing. Thrusting deeper and harder he felt Ellen shaking harder and throbbing against him as they orgasmed simultaneously with both their legs and crotches covered in warm urine.

Slowly pulling out Daniel looked at the small puddle on his kitchen floor. It wasn’t nearly as much as he was anticipating as he rubbed his own very swollen bladder still and waited for his erection to ease. Noticing Ellen looking at him with her damp face and sweaty hair Daniel smiled back.

“Did I make the right choice honey?”

“Oh yes! Do you think my tea has cooled enough now? I’m gasping for a drink after all that.”

Suddenly remembering his own coffee Daniel stepped round to where he’d left his mug as he pulled it up to his mouth and drank the full mug in one go. Putting the empty mug down he smiled at Ellen with his lips covered in coffee.

“Slightly on the cool side but still drinkable.”

Grinning as he watched Ellen drink her full mug in two large gulps he waited until she’d put the mug down before taking her hand.

“So…would it be ok for me to go to the bathroom now?”

Suddenly standing up Ellen let go of his hand as she pushed past him.

“Only if I go first! I’m bursting!”

*370*2024-02-19 00:52

Ellen laughs at Daniel’s solution

Ecstatic to see Daniel suddenly take his boxers off revealing the most delicious chocolate brown hard penis ever Ellen beamed with delight. His choice now very obvious she stared at his phallus licking her lips in anticipation as pee spurted out of it involuntarily. Imagining just how desperate Daniel was to pee Ellen clenched her own muscles as Daniel pulled her up and ripped down her own pants so quickly she practically blinked and missed it. Feeling his body standing between her thick legs she pulled her feet around his back to squeezed him closer as wee spurted out of her now exposed pussy. Still trying to hold it in she was so absolutely desperate that no matter how hard she tried she just couldn’t fully control the pressure against her any more.

Just then Daniel bent down to whisper in her ear stating the obvious by asking if she’ was desperate. Was he crazy? She was barely managing to keep the damn in place now as he’s pushed against her saying that he was holding his own bladder back just for her. Feeling his penis now inserted inside her Ellen wriggled and pushed against it trying to get the friction and pressure she so urgently needed. Exclaiming to her lover just how badly she had to wee he only pushed further against her telling her that what he’s doing would help. It already was, at least a tiny amount, but despite being so unbelievably aroused she couldn’t help but feel warm liquid dribbling out of her exhausted urethra even as Daniel thrust inside her.

Concentrating immensely hard to keep her bladder at bay Ellen winced and moaned and thrust against Daniel, ever conscious that she was dripping urine between her legs but unable to stop it. Fighting against the powerful urges she thrust and squeezed and pushed harder and harder until her body became so engrossed in sex that it temporarily switched off the signal from her bladder. Aware the appeasement was extremely limited Ellen gave her all to the experience, allowing her whole body mind and soul to get taken up in orgasmic relief as she shook and vibrated and panted moving into a whole new realm of pleasure she adored so much. Very aware that Daniel was entering the zone in simultaneous alignment to her she let their bodies unite as one in unison surrendering to everything Daniel had to give.

A little dizzy and hyped full of adrenaline Ellen felt Daniel slowly pull out as her body came down from the high just enough to bring her back to full consciousness. Sweating and gasping she longed for a drink as her eyes caught sight of the two mugs still on the table. Looking over at them she had no idea how long they’d now been there as she let her mouth say what was on her mind.

“Do you think my tea has cooled enough now? I’m gasping for a drink after all that.”

Smiling as Daniel walked around naked to his own mug Ellen almost chuckled as he downed the entire mug in one go then looked at her with his lips covered in coffee dribbles. It reminded her instantly of their first kiss where she’d wiped his lips ever so gently after they’d had their first drinks together in the car on the way to Dundee. Hoping her own cuppa was as drinkable too she reached over for her mug and downed her own drink in a couple of large gulps as her senses began recovering and her desperate urge to wee very quickly returned.

Assuming the exact same had just happened to Daniel Ellen watched delightfully as he rubbed his hands off his thighs and jiggled his legs around. Coming back around to stand in front of her he reached out for her hand all rather romantically before shakily, and almost apologetically, asking if he could now be excused to use the toilet. It seemed so incongruous given that it was his house and she was the guest but the sentiment meant everything to Ellen as even though she felt very fulfilled and happy she couldn’t resist just one final playful moment.

Letting Daniel’s hand go she stood up, and using her weight to her advantage, she pushed past Daniel as she dared to look over her shoulder to see him now clutching at his half hard penis desperately. It was so adorably sexy, so highly arousing, yet her own bladder was so relentless in its aching pressure that she couldn’t dare wait even if she wanted to. Talking back to Daniel to say he could, of course, now pee she added an amendment that she knew would tease him just one final time.

“Only if I go first! I’m bursting!”

Emphasising that fact by grabbing at her exposed vagina Ellen hobbled as quickly as she could through the main lounge and towards the downstairs toilet hearing Daniel racing behind her clearly keen to beat her to it. Blocking the door into the little hallway that lead to the small toilet Ellen whimpered as she thought for a second it might actually be too late.

“Oh God I need a wee wee so bad!”

“You’re not the only one! Come on! Let me through honey! I’m going to burst here!”

Pushing her way into the toilet Ellen promptly closed and locked the door hearing Daniel banging on it desperately.

“Don’t do this Ellen! I’m going to piss on the tiles! Let me in! Please!”

Ignoring his pleas Ellen turned and hovered over the toilet as a very loud strong spray shot out her at speed making her lose her balance. Reaching out to the walls she lowered her body down as her wee continued to flow speedily into the loo so loudly it was echoing all around the room.

“Fuck! This is bloody torture! Hurry up!”

“You don’t have to wait you know. Isn’t there other toilets you can use?”

“They’re all upstairs! I won’t make it! Come on! Just let me in!”

Still urinating strongly Ellen tried picturing Daniel waiting outside holding himself and dancing around. He’d already leaked a lot during sex so holding it now would be so much harder. Part of her felt awful that he might genuinely be in pain but yet the other part of her relished the idea she was holding him back from needing something he so urgently wanted. Compassion finally winning her over though she emptied the last of her bladder and flushed the toilet shouting through the door that she was almost finished. Hearing just a moan back she washed her hands quickly and dried them and went to unlock the door to let Daniel in.

Her eyes bulging at the sight right in front of her Ellen gasped in shock at what she was witnessing. There in front of her was an umbrella pushed up but turned upwards on the tiled flooring filling the entire small entranceway wedged between the walls and the front door with her naked boyfriend standing broad footed aiming his penis down into it filling it with his warm foaming piss.

“What the heck…”

“You were taking forever! I couldn’t wait! It was the only thing here! I had to improvise ok!”

Laughing freely and raucously Ellen doubled over in a fit of the giggles at the absurdity of what she was witnessing.

“An umbrella! Of all the things!”

“It’s waterproof isn’t it!”

“You’re meant to get the other side wet though not the inside!”

“I was bursting ok!”

“So it seems! I’m looking forward to seeing how you get that amount of liquid out of that though!”

Curious, and rather invested in Daniel’s plans, Ellen waited as he finished peeing before he turned to face her still holding his penis between his thumb and forefinger.

“You promise never to tell anyone about this?”

“Your secret is safe with me. An upside down umbrella though! It’s very…unique!”

“I’ll be right back! Don’t let it spill on the tiles please.”

Not even risking touching the brolly Ellen stood tittering to herself as Daniel disappeared then reappeared soon after holding nothing but a set of keys.

“I just need to somehow step over it. Help me please.”

Taking Daniel’s hand Ellen supported him to take a huge step over the umbrella, still naked, as he then unlocked the front door. Hiding behind the door as best he could Daniel somehow carefully edged the brolly ever closer to the door then tipped it over the lip at a slight angle allowing all the urine to pour slowly out the front door and down the steps. It took over a minute before all of the liquid drained out of the umbrella before Daniel closed the door and re locked it again.

“This’ll need a wash before I next use it. Not that I ever really use it though. It’s been standing there for years. I don’t even use my front door so I’ve no idea why it was even there.”

“Are you sure it’s even yours?”

“Shit! I hope no-one else wants it back now!”

“I think it’s safe to say they’ve long forgotten about it if they did leave it. Good job it was there though eh!”

“Absolutely. I feel like a new man now having finally had that piss. You’re a hard task master Ellen Hemmingdale but you know what? I absolutely love it babe. Best first date ever!”

“It’s been a lovely evening Daniel. Thank you for taking me out.”

“You’re very welcome. We should do it again sometime soon.”

“Definitely!”

*372*2024-02-19 19:08

{{8 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

That was a hilarious twist to end an extremely sexy chapter!

}}

Thank you! I actually stood by my own front door desperate while writing it to imagine what might be there for Daniel to use. Since he only uses his back door I figured there wouldn’t even be a pair of boots to use but a visitor could have left an umbrella by mistake. I even opened one out and was temped to check it worked lol

*374*2024-02-20 23:06

{{21 hours ago, david_578 said:

Now I really want to know if it worked! (...I know, too much to ask. 😉...)

}}

It’s never too much to ask? I would have answered sooner but been in hospital with my daughter.

I didn’t actually try it as I have a shoe rack by my front door so there wasn’t room to open it fully…if there had been more room ids have definitely given it a go!

*375*2024-02-21 00:49

The night before the interview

Realising Ellen was serious and heading straight for the downstairs loo Daniel chased after her clutching himself tightly. Trying to squeeze past her knowing his body was extremely close to its limit he became very frustrated when Ellen stretched her full body across the door frame into the entrance hall to the front door and the small downstairs loo. Unable to get past her at all he danced around urgently hearing his naked girlfriend moaning about how bursting she was to pee. She was bursting? He could barely contain himself as he tensed himself and twisted sweating from the sheer effort of holding on.

Then she suddenly moved as Daniel processed that he could finally get to the toilet. He was just a fraction of second too late though as he watched in horror as Ellen slammed and locked the toilet door right in front of his face. Shouting into her to open up he bent forward squeezing himself hoping Ellen might just unlock the door so they could both pee. As she shouted back through telling him to use another toilet he sighed and knocked on the door in exasperation.

Hearing the noise of Ellen peeing loudly was torturous as sweat dripped from Daniel’s forehead as he pushed his penis between his legs and pushed his thighs together in a vain effort to keep his bladder’s contents safe inside his body still. Aware that any second the flood gates would open Daniel turned around frantically looking for anything to help him. Only ever using the small hallway to access the downstairs loo Daniel could only see one item perched against the wall right by the front door, a black umbrella that he guessed wasn’t even his. Reaching out to grab it a crazy idea formed that might just work. Pushing the umbrella open Daniel turned it upside down into the tiled floor right as a spurt of warm urine pushed out of his dick uncontrollably. Watching it fall into the upside down brolly and run towards the middle Daniel had nothing more to lose.

Stepping right next to the open upside down umbrella he aimed his exhausted penis in the direction of the centre of the umbrella and let nature take its course. Once started there was absolutely no stopping the flow as it foamed and ran towards the lower centre forming a bigger and bigger puddle as he urinated more and more. Still peeing Daniel turned around in shock as he heard the toilet door open and Ellen step out! Embarrassed, but much much more comfortable that he was five minutes previously, Daniel looked at his girlfriend shyly.

“What the heck…!”

Exclaiming that he had no other choice because he’d been so bursting to go he loved how Ellen found the situation so hilarious as she laughingly asked how he intended to dispose of the contents he’d made as Daniel looked at his front door thinking. Leaving Ellen he rushed back to the kitchen for his house keys, carefully unlocked and opened the front door and angled the umbrella just so until almost all his pee ran out and down the front stairs.

Turning back to smile at Ellen they joked together about what had just happened as Daniel looked in Ellen’s eyes and knew that what he was feeling for her was now much deeper than the original lust he’d felt for her the previous few months. Popping into the toilet to wash his hands he continued chatting to Ellen until his hands were dry and he was back out beside her.

“I haven’t forgotten that you’ve got an interview in the morning Ellen. What say we put everything on to charge, have a quick tidy up and then have a cuppa before bed?”

It was more of a statement than a question and Ellen seemed to pick it up that way too as she followed him back to the kitchen, pulled her laptop out its bag and put it on charge on the coffee table in the living room. Plugging his own laptop in to charge in the kitchen Daniel filled a mop bucket with floor cleaner and hot water while Ellen put their mugs from earlier in the sink. Quickly mopping the remains of their puddle for earlier he did a final quick tidy up then switched the kettle on for a cuppa.

“Why don’t you pop up and get ready for bed Ellen and I’ll bring this up. Do you want toast or anything with it?”

“Just tea is fine thanks.”

Making the drinks on his own Daniel was tired but feeling content and blessed as he carried the mugs upstairs grateful to have Ellen in his bed with him yet again. Seeing her sitting up in the bed with the duvet pulled up tightly to her shoulders he placed her tea down and walked around to the other side with his coffee.

“You ok darling?”

“I can’t find my nightshirt.”

“Have you only got one?”

Seeing Ellen nod Daniel smiled at her sympathetically.

“I don’t mind you sleeping topless, in fact I’d love it, but if you’d prefer I can let you have one of my t-shirts.”

“Would you mind?”

“Of course not. I have some really loose ones somewhere. Let me see what I can find.”

Sliding the wardrobe open Daniel checked through his garments for the baggiest T-shirt he owned thrilled to see it fitted Ellen pretty ok.

“Thank you.”

Sipping their drinks quietly they both just enjoyed the simplicity of the other’s company as their eyes became heavy and their drinks gradually finished.

“You’re going to be amazing at that interview tomorrow Ellen. I plan on working from home if you want to choose the kitchen or the living room. I don’t mind where I work. Just let me know in the morning. We can head to the ship once you’re finished. How does that sound?”

“That’s fine. Thank you.”

Seeing how exhausted Ellen now looked Daniel took her empty mug away and tucked her gently under the duvet. Reaching down to lightly kiss her forehead he hoped she would sleep well.

“Night Ellen. See you in the morning.”

