Bursting Bladders Strip Club

Author: Mclaren720s

*000*2023-04-03 20:36

Hey all! Thank you for coming along and reading my story! Before I start, I would just like you to know updates may take a while since my writing needs to be approved by mods. Let me give you a quick outline of my story!

This has been a fantasy of mine for a while, and, whilst most people may say I stole the idea (I saw the idea somewhere), it was a genuine idea of mine for a while before I saw the thread.

This place revolves around a strip club in which 2 friends who hit the jackpot on a lottery decide to make a strip club in which the girls are desperate to pee. The strippers, the waiters, you name it. Furthermore, the workers can not use the restroom the entire day! Of course, there are male workers, but we won’t focus on that because I genuinely don’t like male desperation whatsoever. If there is enough demand, I may implement it, but who knows. The two main characters are Tristan, a Canadian 25 year old (yes, I know Tristan is a common Canadian name, but I didn’t want to spend all my time thinking of a name) and Ryan. I would personally say the main character is more so Ryan, but, they are both main characters. This will not be proofread. Also, please note, they both are into Omorashi and both know each other are. I know the story will start off not having anything to do with omo, but it will pick up.

**Story starting**

”Tristan! Tristan! Holy crap! We hit it big!” Ryan screamed as he ran to his friends room. They had been sleeping in an old apartment with a jackass of a landlord. “Shut the fuck up! I’m grinding the Mig-29 in warthunder!” Tristan yelled back. Ryan ran through to Tristan’s room.

“Tristan, you don’t need to play warthunder, because you can buy a real fighter jet now in real life! We just made $600,000,000! 600 million! You hear me? We won on the lottery! The cash is in my bank account!” Tristan nearly jumped out of his seat.

“Holy shit man!” They were now both jumping out of their seats.

**30 minutes later**

”Well, the Gallarado looks good.”

”I don’t know, Ryan. I’m personally getting the huracan.” (I understand most people won’t know these cars even though they are some of the most known supercars, but they are Lamborghinis.)

The dealer had a massive smile on his face as he was getting ready for a hell of a commision. “Ah, both good choices. Right now, we only have the Gallarado ready, but we can get you the Huracan in a day or so.”

Tristan didn’t seem too upset about this. “Well, I suppose that’s fine. I can just ride with you in the Gallarado for today.”

**10 minutes later**

Driving out of the dealership in the new 112 thousand dollar car, loads of people were looking at the car. ‘It is nice to be rich.’ Ryan thought.

“Hey! There’s a Rolex store right there!” Ryan shouted.

“No, my friend. We must make a business. If we keep spending all of our money like this, we will be broke again. All we need is a business and a new house.” Ryan knew he was speaking the truth. As the car was stopped at a red light, Ryan saw a transaction between a man and a woman. The woman was holding her crotch, desperately needing to pee, and the man gave her a few hundred dollar bills and a water bottle. It seemed that the man was hiring the prostitute to get desperate. “Tristan, you saw that? The man paying the woman to drink water even though she needed to pee?” Tristan simply replied “yeah, it was pretty hot. Maybe we can do that.”

“No you idiot! That’s our business!”

”You want to start a prostitution business?

Ryan was perplexed by his friends stupidity. “No, you moron. We can start a pee desperation strip club. All the normal stuff a strip club, except all the dancers and waitresses have a full bladder!” Ryan was proud of his own idea, and Tristan seemed to be thinking. “You know what… you are on to something.” Tristan started. “We can even remove the bathrooms, so not only can the workers not relieve themselves, but the customers can pay fifty bucks to relieve themselves on top of the workers.” Ryan thought this was a great idea, and decided to add on to it.

”What if,” Ryan started “it can be fifty for what you said, and 70 to have the man stick his dick (if it’s a man) into the woman, and pee in her.”

”Man, that’s a fucked up imagination of yours, but money is money. Problem is, though, it’s illegal. That’s technically prostitution.” Tristan noted.

Ryan, a struggling lawyer (before the lottery, anyways), knew quite a bit of laws. “Actually, not necessarily. It is illegal, yes, but we are in Sweden. The customer gets in trouble, but not the workers. Or us. And, chances are, nobody will know anyways. We will have a code word for it. Like an angel shot.”

Oh boy, the two friends would make millions on this business.

**BY THE TIME YOU ARE READING THIS, I PROBABLY ALREADY FINISHED PART TWO, BUT MODS MAY NOT HAVE ACCEPTED IT YET.**

*001*2023-04-03 20:45

**1 month later**

Both Ryan and Tristan had moved into a massive house. They had spent around 5 million dollars on it, and, now a month later, were living inside. Their bedrooms were extremely close together, and had a door connecting the two.

Of course, even though there was the option to have loads of bathrooms in the house, they decided to use all those as closets and only keep the two bathrooms in their rooms. They both had hidden the bathrooms so whenever they had a girl over, they could just say they don’t have a bathroom. If questioned, they would just say they use a bottle. The girls would never go in the bathtub, shower, or sink, so it was almost always a win for the two friends.

One day, Tristan knocked on Ryan’s door. “Ryan! Open up! I got the property! The business is started, we just need to get some workers!” At this, Ryan opened the door. His eyes sagged, and he seemed to be tired. Tristan, on the other hand, seemed fine. “Tristan, which property are you talking about? We offered to buy multiple.”

“The one we wanted! In central LA! In the hotel! Tristan practically screamed. Now, that got Ryan awake.

“Well,” Ryan started. “What are we waiting for? Let’s go find some girls!”

**5 hours later**

Ryan and Tristan paid a cam girl who lived nearby in central LA. They knew she had to pee since she was streaming for a good 4 hours. Essentially, they said for every minute she could hold it, they would give her a dollar. She held on for 5 hours, and that was plus the original 4, so she held it for 9 hours. And she already REALLY had to go. “I’ll tell you what. You come down to our strip club on Saturday, you get a job as a personal pleasurer. Your like a personal stripper, and people can do basically anything with you. We will pay you LOADS.” Ryan offered.

“Ughhhh. Yeah. I will be there. I just really gotta piss now…”

“ah! Yes! Just, bring the camera in the bathroom with you..” Tristan requested.

As she urinated into the toilet, the pee sprinkled into the already pool of water, giving both Ryan and Tristan a hard-on.

**Opening night**

Opening night was booming. There was a large line of men at the door, and Tristan was checking everybody's ID. “Hey sir, welcome. I need some ID and need to know if your an officer to see if you can have weapons here.”

The man said “oh yeah, here’s my ID. I’m not a cop.”

Tristan replied “Alright. That’s not why I needed to know if your a cop. If you want an escort, ask for a female accompance. If you want to have some fun, ask for it. If you need to piss, just say it. Oh, and, instead of tipping girls, you can let them piss a little bit. You still need to pay for private stuff though.”Tristan would repeat this process with about 200 other people until they closed the doors and the shows started. Ryan was back last minute filling up the girls bladders a bit more. Finally, the women went on stage. Ryan and Tristan sat down. Quickly, a beautiful bruenette waitress walked to their seats. Both friends noticed a little wet spot near the woman’s crotch, and she was clearly squirming and crossing her legs. “Hello, could I get either of you some drinks?” The waitress desperately asked. Tristan wanted to say “your piss” but Ryan knew he would say that, and shot him a look.

“Two pina colladas please.” Ryan requested.

Quickly, she Brang them over, and Ryan requested the young woman to sit on his lap. Ryan then pushed on her bladder, and she moaned. Ryan then dismissed her.

*002*2023-04-03 20:56

Still editing..

