She wouldn’t let him go: the cab driver

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-02-07 18:32

She wouldn’t let him go: the cab driver

Jackson hated driving in the city centre with its spaghetti junctions, complex one way systems and stopping every few minutes at more traffic lights, but what he hated even more than that was public transport. The thought of who had sat on the seat before you, who had coughed, sneezed or wiped all sorts in the area before you grossed him out. If he could only utilise chauffeur driven limos everywhere life would be dandy. In fact a private jet would be even better!

Yet this afternoon, try and he could, he couldn’t avoid having to be at a big meeting in the centre of the city. He needed to impress, in fact he tingled at the thought of shaking hands with certain people who would be there. Connections were everything in his game. Today mattered greatly.

Jackson smoothed his Valentino trousers and straightened his silk tie. If first impressions mattered he had this nailed. Finishing his coffee he placed his mug in the sink for the cleaner and picked up his laptop bag. Time mattered greatly and he smugly grinned as he thought how ingenious his plan to get a prestige private cab company to transport him was. He looked out from his wide full length windows as he waited for the cab to pull into the gated private car park.

It arrived right on time and Jackson gave his hair one last run through with his fingers as he stepped out the luxury cottage and into his own stoned driveway. He paused as he looked at the inconspicuous back cab and blinked as he saw something startling about the driver: she was female! Why this mere fact had never occurred to him as a possibility he didn’t know as he shook his head and climbed in. A female cab driver? Well as long as she got him to his meeting on time maybe it wasn’t such an issue after all. It wasn’t like he’d need to make conversation or anything.

Sitting back on the leather seat in the rear area he confirmed his destination before belting up and fishing out his phone from his pocket and a bottle of juice from his bag. He popped open the bottle of liquid and guzzled some as he scrolled through fresh emails. He may as well get comfortable as the journey would take at least an hour.

‘Off anywhere special then?’

‘Emmm. Yes. A very important meeting actually so please make sure I arrive on time. I have some work to do while you drive so would prefer not to be interrupted if that’s ok.’

‘As you wish sir.’

The journey continued in silence, only interrupted by the clicking of buttons on Jackson’s phone and the whooshing noise of emails being sent. At one point Jackson looked up and through the glass to the front of the cab as he saw the back of the drivers head and shoulders. The long shiny black hair that fell down softly on the drivers back reminded him that he was being transported by a female and the tender smaller hands he could see on the steering wheel and gears made him wonder just how old the driver might be. He hadn’t seen her face at all but her voice had definitely been firm but young sounding. He finished his bottle of juice and looked out the passenger window. Taking a moment to glance at his Apple Watch he was surprised to see he’d only been in the cab around ten minutes so far but a nagging thought he had forgotten to do something filled his mind. As he thought back to what he had been doing before leaving he still couldn’t work out what he might have forgotten.

Less than ten minutes later it hit him with a jolt: he hadn’t been to the toilet before leaving! How has he forgotten such a basic thing? Passing a sign for services with a picture of toilets had suddenly made him realise he could actually do with a visit to the gents. Sigh. He’d just go as soon as he got to the building in the city.

As the journey continued on the motorway Jackson passed the time on his phone reading through documents and attachments and sending yet more emails. He was becoming slowly more uncomfortable though and frustrated both at the time the journey was taking and his filling bladder.

‘How much longer? Are you sure you are going the quickest route?’

‘Another 40 minutes left sir. And yes this is definitely the most direct route. Don’t worry you won’t be late.’

Jackson sighed and crossed his legs at the ankle. He was a young, professional, important man and he certainly wasn’t going to be bothered by the fact he needed a piss. He returned to his phone and looked out the window at the traffic. Another 15 minutes past and Jackson was getting more restless. He wriggled in the leather seat, restricted greatly by the seat belt and rested one hand lightly at the top of his leg. Another minute later and he felt he needed to move again. Why had he not used his own toilet before leaving? He berated himself in his mind as he tried to think of anything other than toilets, urinals, water, or taps. He’d been bursting before now and always managed to hold on so this time would be no different.

‘We still on schedule? The traffic seems a bit heavier here.’

‘Yes sir.’

But no sooner had she spoken the words when the flow of traffic slowed and the cab trickled along at not much more than walking pace. Jackson pushed back in the seat as his bladder reminded him it was full. Used to being in full control of everything in life Jackson grimaced as the realisation that he couldn’t control the traffic or his own bodily need dawned on him. Not only that but this unnamed female had more control than he did right now. He tapped his foot in annoyance.

‘Damn traffic!’

‘You ok there sir? It looks like roadworks ahead but we should be moving faster again soon. I won’t make you late.’

‘So exactly how long until I get there? There’s definitely no quicker options?’

‘At least 25 minutes sir. Just relax. I won’t allow you to be late.’

It wasn’t the thought of being late stressing Jackson but he wasn’t going to admit what was, not to this female driver anyway. He wriggled forwards and looked in the internal mirror as the driver checked it simultaneously. Her striking blue eyes and long eyelashes looked right at him. There was something sexy and enticing about them but Jackson had much bigger things on his mind right now: he really needed to get to his destination. He really needed a piss!

Hoping the driver couldn’t see him fully Jackson slip his hand from the top of his leg more towards his dick. He longed to grab it, rub it, squeeze it even, but he really wasn’t sure what the driver could see in her mirror. Still his dick longed to release and if he didn’t touch it soon it might take matters into it’s own hands. He leaned forwards and rubbed himself as best as possible.

‘Do you drive this way often?’

‘Quite a lot yes.’

‘You’d know if there was something like, you know, any sort of service areas before we reach the centre of the city at all?’

‘Not from here on in, no sir. We are due to leave the motorway in around 15 minutes then it’s in town driving right to your destination.’

‘Oh.’

Jackson wasn’t sure what to say, or more so what to do. He moved again in the seat and tapped his leg faster. Should he say why he wanted to stop? Might that change things? He stared out the window lost in his own struggle of holding back and holding on. He tried crossing his legs but the seat belt was too tight. He stretched a leg out and fidgeted. The cab was moving but not anywhere near fast enough and his bladder was pulsating steadily. He was dying for a long and urgent piss. He slid a hand onto his dick and pressed down leaning forwards.

‘Sorry to bother you again mam.’

‘I thought it was you who didn’t want interrupted sir?’

‘Well yes. But things have...em...changed. It’s just...’

‘You won’t be late. I thought I told you that?’

‘Yes yes I know that! Sorry for snapping it’s just that...well I could really do with stopping somewhere if that was possible?’

‘Stopping? I thought you said you mustn’t be late?’

‘Yes that’s correct but I won’t be a few minutes. Are you sure there aren’t any services around here?’

‘Sir we leave the motorway at not this but the following exit and then you will be less than four miles from your destination.’

Jackson was getting more and more stressed. How much more obvious did he need to make it? Could she not see his squirming in the mirror, hear the tension in his voice, pick up the hints in his questions? Was she really so stupid he needed to spell it out?

‘Look I know that but I really need a fucking piss so would you fucking pull in somewhere so I can go!’

‘Sir please don’t speak to me like that! There’s nowhere to stop and if you continue with that language I will drive right past your destination and make you wait longer!’

‘Bitch!’

‘Right sir if you don’t quit this I will simply turn at the next junction and return you home! For your information, and for my security, I should now inform you that my in cab cameras have now been switched on and your words and actions are now being recorded. Please sit back and tone down your attitude and I shall get you to your destination as soon as possible.’

Jackson could feel his anger building but three small flashing red lights in the back of the cab warned him off saying any more. Instead he wriggled more and tried to hide the fact his hand was pressing on his crotch. Surely the driver wouldn’t actually turn around? Surely she would do exactly as he asked, demanded even, and pull in at the first available opportunity? Jackson wasn’t sure what stressed him more: the fact someone had control over him or the fact his bladder was about to burst into his one thousand pound suit! Tapping his food, bouncing on the seat and pressing his crotch hard he could feel his breathing getting shallower and his heart racing as his body fought harder to hold on.

Finally he heard the cab indicators clicking. Squirming uncontrollably now Jackson sat anxiously as his mind willed his body to wait.

‘Please can you pull in somewhere. I don’t know...a coffee shop, a burger place, anywhere! It’s getting to be a real emergency here!’

‘Sir you asked me to get you there on time and that’s exactly what I am doing. You surely aren’t going to tell me you can’t wait just four more miles now?’

‘For your information I’ve been waiting the whole damn journey! Now for the love of God woman would you get me somewhere to piss NOW!’

‘Sir quit your language! You hired me to get you somewhere and that’s exactly what I am doing. And I should remind you that you are being recorded. Might I add any damage to my vehicle will be invoiced directly to you and non payment could result in the release of the recorded evidence. I am sure neither of us wish that to happen do we?’

Jackson pressed both hands over his balls and dick as his dick shook with urgency to release. He rocked back on forth on the leather seat muttering to himself under his breath as the cab stopped at yet another red light. His hands frantically massaging, pressing and playing with his anatomy he couldn’t help but realise now how hard he was getting as he felt his entire penis swell with urine.

‘Ughhhh. Fuck! No!’

Jackson knew he was starting to lose it as the head of his penis moistened with warm urine and a spurt shot out uncontrollably.

‘Let me out! Let me out NOW!’

But the driver only laughed.

‘Sir can’t you see your destination right ahead? And right on time it seems.’

‘Shit. Shit. I can’t stop this. Fuck!’

The cab pulled in right at the front of the building as Jackson saw people he recognised and bent his head down.

With one hand he pressed to release his seatbelt and with the other he circled his dick with his hand and squeezed as hard as he could. Grabbing his bag he stood up in the back of the cab but as he pulled the door handle down he knew it would happen. Another spurt.

‘You bitch! I’m pissing myself because of you!!’

‘I think someone needs to work on their self control don’t you.’

Still with his hand clutching himself for dear life Jackson swore before sprinting inside swearing under his breath as urine continued leaking down his inside leg.

Meanwhile the driver smiled as she pulled out and headed home.

*003*2021-02-07 22:56

{{1 hour ago, wannawatch said:

Another great story. I trust you yourself had fun in writing it as well..?

}}

Of course 😉

