Kanaya: Urinate like a little wriggler

Author: mouseTampons

*000*2023-12-21 05:01

I'm not very experienced with writing so my apologies if it short and sucky

Uh so spoiler they both piss themselves if your not into male or female omo then uhhh what r u doing here u silly goose

@@homestuck omo in 2023

😿

*Kanaya and Karkat were sitting at a park bench, because Karkat kept complaining about his legs hurting.

Karkat sat up, and looked around for a few moments, before he laid his eyes upon a homemade coffee shop.*

KARKAT: HEY, KANAYA.

KANAYA: What Do You Need Karkat

KARKAT: YOU KNOW HOW YOUR ALWAYS TALKING TO ME ABOUT HOW YOU LOVE HOMEMADE SHIT, FOR WHATEVER REASON, AND ALSO SHITTY BLACK COFFEE?

KANAYA: Did You Buy Me A Coffee Mug You Made Yourself

KARKAT: WHAT? FUCK NO, THAT'S NOT WHAT I WAS HINTING AT AT ALL, FUCKASS.

KARKAT: THERE'S A COFFEE SHOP OVER THERE, THEY MAKE COFFEE, IT'S HOMEMADE.

KANAYA: Oh My Goodness

KANAYA: We Have To Check This Out

*Kanaya grabbed Karkat's arm, and dashed over to the little shop, she pulled out her purse, and pulled out a twenty dollar bill.*

STORE CLERK WOMAN THING: Hello, how may I help you today?

KANAYA: Hello Miss

KANAYA: I Would Like To Buy Two Cups Of Coffee

KANAYA: One Would Be Black

KANAYA: And The Other Vanilla Please

(VANILLA? I THOUGHT SHE HATED THAT SWEET BULLSHIT. Karkat thought to himself.)

SCWT: That'll be 12.50!

KANAYA: I Only Have A Twenty

SCWT: That's ok, we can just give you $7.50 back!

KANAYA: Thank You

*Kanaya got her two coffees made, she handed the vanilla one to Karkat, and she paid the clerk girl, and got her money back.*

KARKAT: NO FUCKING WAY I'M DRINKING THIS, I FUCKING HATE THIS DISGUSTING BULLSHIT, I'M NEVER DRINKING THIS.

KANAYA: Just Try It

*Kanaya force-fed Karkat the vanilla coffee.*

KARKAT: IT'S.. REALLY SWEET.

*Karkat took another sip, and Kanaya chuckled, she blew on hers, and took a sip, and sighed happily afterwards. Karkat finished his cup, and threw it away. Kanaya soon finished hers, and did the same.*

KANAYA: Thank You For Finding That Coffee Shop

KANAYA: Best Coffee Ive Had In Years

KARKAT: IT WASN'T THAT GOOD.

KANAYA: I Forgot Why We Came Here

KARKAT: TO TAKE BACK THAT TUPPERWARE TAVROS BORROWED AND FORGOT TO GIVE BACK?

KANAYA: Oh Right

KANAYA: Were Close To His Hive Anyway

*Kanaya and Karkat walked over to the door, Kanaya was about to ring the doorbell, but Karkat shoved his way past her, and banged his fist on the door.*

KANAYA: Karkat That Wasn't Very Polite

KANAYA: He Could Be Sleeping Right Now

*A loud crash was heard, and Tavros poked his head outside the door.*

TAVROS: uHH,,, hELLO KARKAT AND KANAYA,

KARKAT: GIVE KANAYA BACK THAT PLASTIC CONTAINER THING YOU STOLE.

TAVROS: oH, uH,,, I, dONT KNOW WHERE IT WENT,

KANAYA: Can We Help Look For It

TAVROS: i'M A LITTLE PREOCCUPIED, bUT, uHH,,, wHY NOT?

VRISKA: Tavros, get your ass 8ack in here now!

TAVROS: cOMING! sORRY GUYS,

KANAYA: Thats Alright

KANAYA: I Can Come Back Later

KANAYA: For Now Ill Get Out Of Your Hair

*Kanaya sighed, as Tavros shut the door gently behind her, she walked off, and Karkat ran after her.*

KARKAT: YOUR JUST GONNA LET HIM TAKE IT?

KANAYA: Its Alright

*Kanaya said, and they were both silent for a while, that coffee must've gone straight to her bladder, because she felt her bladder start to gain pressure, she looked at Karkat, to clarify if he was feeling this too, and believe it or not, he did look a little uncomfortable.

She chose not to speak of it, or risk angering him.

Her bladder wasn't exactly full enough to make her squirm, but it felt kind of weird, the walk home was kind of far.

Karkat was slightly slowing down.

Kanaya decided, she must speak of this.

KANAYA: Karkat

KARKAT: WHAT DO YOU WANT?

KANAYA: Is Your Bladder Experiencing The Same Things As Mine Currently

KARKAT: THAT DEPENDS, AND NO, DON'T TELL ME ABOUT YOUR BLADDER, THATS DISGUSTING.

*Karkat said, he crossed his arms, and started walking slightly behind Kanaya. Kanaya sighed, she continued walking, it was starting to feel more and more uncomfortable, but they were getting closer to Karkat's hive, which was good, but Sollux saw Karkat, and Sollux looked like he had a lot to say.*

SOLLUX: dude what the hell.

SOLLUX: you promii2ed me back tho2e party 2treamer2.

SOLLUX: where are my 2treamer2 kk.

*A bit less than how much Kanaya thought he was going to say, but less is better in Kanaya and Karkat's predicament.*

KARKAT: I'LL GIVE THEM BACK LATER, NOW GO AWAY, ME AND KANAYA ARE TRYING TO GET INTO MY HIVE.

*Kanaya wanted to run past them both, but she couldn't, no, not with her bladder filling up, and her shoes, her shoes were too beautiful to be wrecked for something as silly as running.*

SOLLUX: ok bye ga and kk

*Sollux walked away, Karkat dashed into his hive, Kanaya followed, but slower.

Karkat slammed open the door, and Kanaya shut it gently.

Karkat ran upstairs, Kanaya once again followed.

He tried opening the door, but someone was in there.*

FEFERI: Glub! Karcrab! Are you back already? I know your trying to get in )(ere, but I just )(opped in!

KARKAT: CAN YOU HURRY IT THE FUCK UP? I DON'T FEEL LIKE GETTING A BLADDER INFECTION TODAY.

FEFERI: )(-E)(-E! As if you would )(old it t)(at long! I'll be out soon! 38)

*Both of Karkat's hands were clutching his crotch, and Kanaya's legs were crossed, neither of them thought they were going to make it.

Karkat started to leak, drop by drop, line by line, he crossed his legs, but in all honesty, that wasn't making it any better.

He doubled over, and sat on his knees, his candy red piss getting all over the floor.

It was going at a stream by stream, until it was all connected, he couldn't stop himself.

So he stopped fighting it.

He pulled down his sweater a bit to cover the gigantic wet spot on his jeans, his pants and boxers were soaked.

Kanaya wasn't going to hold on for much longer either, Kanaya felt some of her jade-green liquid drip onto her legs.

She leaned against a wall for support, her urine started dripping onto the floor, and was starting to look visible on her dress.

Kanaya figured it would feel worse if she held it in.

So, she didn't.

She sat against the wall, as her panties got drenched, her dress was dripping wet.

Her urine was in a green puddle on the floor.

Karkat felt more embarrassed than her, however.

Feferi came out of the bathroom, steam rising off her body.

Kanaya and Karkat both gave her a look, Karkat more an embarrassed and angry look, than Kanaya's cross face.

FEFERI: Wow, you two s)(ore made a )(uge mess.

@@uhhh i got lazy and tired so its probably shitty im sorry about that

*001*2023-12-21 05:03

@@oh yeah um also might be out of character because ive only read up until act 6 act 2

