Tales From A Student House

Author: MiraOMO

*012*2023-04-30 19:15

CHAPTER 4: THE PARTY

It had been just less than two weeks since the date, or that night should I say, and I’d be lying if I hadn’t thought it once or twice - or a hundred times. The whole ordeal, from Maria’s desperation to Alba’s accident was just tattooed on my brain, it was a memory I never wanted to forget. Maria and I had casually texted since, in fact, we’d planned to meet up the following Tuesday, a week after our first date, but Mara had cancelled - apparently she’d gone out the night before, insisting that any sight of alcohol would make her vomit. I didn’t necessarily mind though, as boring as this sounds, it meant more time for me to draft up my revision notes; exams weren’t approaching fast, but they were approaching.

Awkwardly, I’d actually seen the red-head in the library, the one who Maria and I had bumped into on the walk home from the bar. I gingerly said hello as I sat down at a nearby table, nodded my head, and thought that would be the end of it. However, she came up to me as I left, asking how the date was, and what happened after, did I stay over, all those sorts of questions, the invasive ones. She did seem genuinely curious though, and I didn’t lie to her, I may have bent the truth slightly; as in, I told her that I stayed over and slept with Maria, but not that I woke up in the middle of the night, watched Alba piss herself, and then got her off - that part was a secret that no one needed to know.

Before she finally let me go, I told her that Maria had invited me round at the weekend for some party. Unknown to me, and somewhat coincidentally, it was actually her birthday, and she had organised the house party for all her mates - even some were coming up from her home town. I semi apologised, double-checking that it was okay if I came, but she didn’t seem to care, she just brushed off the question, you know, ‘more the merrier’. If I’m being truly honest, I left the library that day a little excited about the weekends party; Maria was easy to talk to, the sex was great, what else could a guy want? In retrospect, my mind had seemingly forgotten about the whole ordeal with Alba - I probably would have to speak to her again.

When I got home that night, it clicked, the red-head must’ve lived in one of the upstairs bedrooms, and the couple I saw, in the other (or maybe just the girl) - but that brought me more questions than answers. Where was she the night of Alba’s accident, they’d clearly all left together, but only Alba had made it home. There was a possibility that she could have come home later, but girls don’t do anything alone on nights out; whether it's using the bathroom, or going to the bar, walking home, it’s never a solo activity, it's always done in a group. Furthermore, Alba must have cleaned up well, from what I can remember, there was quite the urine puddle on the floor after she’d pissed herself; and seemingly, nor Maria or the red-head knew of it.

Anyways, I’d spend Saturday morning doing some work, before wasting most of the afternoon watching the football; three matches in a day, one after the other, was a bit ridiculous, but it kept me entertained (and passed the time). Maria had insisted I arrive a little early, to pre-drink with the rest of her house; this wasn’t usually my style, but considering two of my own housemates had gone home for the weekend, and the other was upstairs in his room with his new girlfriend, I had no choice but to accept her offer. I threw on a white t-shirt, a baggy shirt over that, some jeans, overly applied my Tom Ford aftershave, and headed for the door. Hoping for some better weather, I was met with the same freezing air swirling around, it seemed to catch me off guard every time I left the house - it was still only the end of February, so not exactly summer yet.

This time I made sure I wasn’t early, and knocking at the door, I stood with confidence, knowing Maria wanted me here.

“ALEX…!” Maria joyfully expressed, the door swinging open in the process.

“Hey!” I replied with a smile whilst getting pulled into a hug.

Releasing her arms from the hug, she ushered me inside - it was nice to be out of the cold.

“…you met Alba…” Maria said as we walked in, glancing over at everyone sat round the kitchen table.

I nodded in response, and couldn’t quite tell if Alba wad glad to see me or not, her face was very indifferent. I had also noticed the little red top she had on, but averted my eyes away.

“I’m Georgia…” the red-head said from the seat next to Alba - at least I had a name for the face now.

“That’s Kate…” Maria cut in, “…and her boyfriend Tom.”

“Hi everyone…” I said awkwardly to the table. I could feel my face blushing a little. I always found it very odd being stood up and introduced, never my finest moments.

“You wanna drop your stuff in my room?” Thankfully Maria had diverted the attention away from me.

“Sure!” I quickly replied, taking the first steps in the direction of her room.

Once out of the kitchen, and inside her bedroom, the first thing I noticed was the mess of clothes on the floor. This was a complete contrast to date night, where the room was cleaned within an inch of its life, presumably in case I ended up coming back, which I did. I had definitely done the same in the past before a date, in the hope that I’d be bringing the girl back. If anything, it was a good way to force me to tidy my room.

“Sorry…” Maria said cautiously, releasing I’d noticed the mound of clothes on the floor “…we all got ready in here tonight…”

“I can tell…” I joked, letting out a wry smile.

“Fuck off…!” Maria rolled her eyes, before adding, “…leave your stuff here.” Pointing to a small space in her wardrobe.

I pulled off my puffy coat, and hung it up, using the only remaining coat hanger, before attempting to take off my over-shirt. Every man knows that when taking off a jumper, and wearing a t-shirt underneath, there’s an eighty percent chance that the t-shirt will come off with the jumper, getting stuck over your head. I knew this would happen and so purposefully took my over-shirt off as slowly as possible, giving Mara the ammunition she wanted.

“Woahhh…calm down!” Maria said whilst biting her lip, looking at my exposed chest and abs.

“Can you help?” I flirtatiously asked, with my t-shirt now stuck around my neck.

Maria didn’t need any invitation to help, and with an excited look across her face, she pulled my t-shirt back over my stomach. Now face to face, only one thing was going to happen. In the moment, Maria and I both leaned in, forcing our lips against each other. Just like they had been on the date, her soft, tender lips were easy to kiss, and greedily I didn’t want to stop. Maria’s tongue made the first move, and it was nice to feel the warmth and wetness of her mouth, even if it did taste like pink gin. My hands had made there way to Maria’s parky tits, gently brushing over the top of her clothes - my mind loved it.

“…finish this later?” Maria teased as she broke away, brushing her hand over the bulge that had formed in my jeans.

“…hundred percent…” I replied eagerly.

With the formalities in Mara’s bedroom done, on returning, we’d seemingly joined mid ‘never have I ever’; a game that everyone seemed to love playing when they weren’t the intended target. I poured myself a vodka coke, with a quite large helping of vodka, and sat myself down next to Maria.

“Your turn…” Katie remarked, looking across towards Alba.

“Never have I ever…” Alba paused and looked at Georgia, “…shit my pants!”

“…ohhhhhh FUCK OFF Alba!” Georgia fired back over the laughter at the table.

Unsure how to process the information I’d just heard, I kept my head down, glancing my eyes every so often across towards Georgia. She wasn’t necessarily my type, but she definitely was attractive; wearing a little pink top and white jeans. It then a triggered a thought, when Alba had left Maria and I on the hill, after the date, because Georgia needed the bathroom, basically meaning there was history. Furthermore, I couldn’t stop my brain from fantasising about what had actually happened, causing her to shit in her pants, but in the process, I managed to catch Georgia’s eyes.

“It was ONE time…” she remarked, looking at me, before taking a large sip of her drink.

“FINE…!” Alba butted in, “…never have I ever had an accident…”

There was a brief moment of silence as both Katie and Georgia took large sips from their drinks.

“I pissed my bed in first year…” Katie told the room, getting a scolding look from Tom.

I then awkwardly picked up my drink and took a sip, looking at Alba as I did so. “Come on…we all have…as kids…” I paused, “…surely?”

There was a collective murmur around the room, and then everybody seemed to take a drink; Alba, Maria and Tom included. As she drank, Alba frowned at me, basically saying with her face, ‘don’t you dare bring up what happened’. Obviously, I was going to keep it a secret, it was just nice to know I still had the upper hand with her.

“Still didn’t shit myself after hockey…” Alba then teased towards Georgia, receiving a punch in the arm for her efforts.

The game dragged on, probably for around another thirty minutes, running through topics like; ‘never have I ever had a threesome’, which I strangely found out that both Maria and Georgia had, logging it in my mind in case I could ever bring it up with her. Further, ‘never have I ever cheated (in a relationship)’, which caused a stir when Tom admitted to his guilt, apparently at sixteen though - I don’t know if that makes it better or worse. I did think about my actions with Alba after sleeping with Maria, but it was fair game, we’re not together exclusively. And finally, ‘never have I ever masterbated in a place I shouldn’t have’, where everybody seemed to drink; the best confession being from Maria, who said she’d orgasmed in the library toilets after a long day of studying. In fairness to her, we’ve all thought about it after a long shift in the library.

The game was basically just a way for us all to get drunk, and loosen up, which definitely happened. Two and half vodka cokes in a short space of time was enough for me to be feeling the effects. In the end, people had started arriving, mostly Georgia’s friends from home, causing us to finish the game and start socialising. The table was modified to accommodate for beer pong, and two cocktail mixture sets were left out on the kitchen side, in case people wanted to be creative and make something new. There was also a shot-roulette board left out, which was something I wanted to avoid at all costs - playing it in first year had left me with some damaging memories.

I didn’t know the exact time, maybe somewhere between ten-thirty and eleven, but the party had finally, fully kicked off. The house wasn’t completely rammed, but it was fairly packed; with enough people in to make it slightly difficult to move around with ease. In fact, with no living room (as it was Alba’s bedroom), the main areas of congregation were; the kitchen, the stairs, the upstairs landing, and the garden, despite the very cold temperature outside. I think the term is ‘beer jacket’, where people just refuse to feel the cold when they’re overly drunk. Despite the influx of people, most of whom I didn’t know, I also felt good; from the drinks I’d had earlier, I was feeling a buzz, just the right amount, not overly drunk, but past tipsy - the perfect balance for a passionate night of sex.

This perfect drunken balance would have been great if I could find Maria, but she’d vanished. In fact, I was slightly concerned; earlier in the night she had introduced to a group of her ‘bio-med’ course mates, and one in particular called Patrick. I don’t know if it was because I studied law, and always needed a ready-insight into everything, but I felt an aspect of perspicacity, knowing it was clear Patrick and Maria had some sort of history. Stepping back inside from the garden, in my pursuit of finding Maria, I headed upstairs to finally use the bathroom and clear my head. After standing in the queue for a considerable amount of time, it was blissful to finally relieve myself of the growing urge in my bladder, watching as the piss ferociously hit the toilet bowl, some splashing back. It was as I headed back downstairs that my night took a turn.

In her defence, I wasn’t really paying attention as I came down the stairs, but neither was she as she rounded the corner, two drinks in her hands. Oblivious to me, it was actually one of Alba’s closest university friends called Annabel, the second drink being for Alba herself. However, and somewhat unfortunately, neither of these drinks, in the red party cups, made it to their lips. As we’d both rounded the corner, we completely bumped into each other, the first of the drinks being spilled all down my white t-shirt; and even more embarrassingly, in her reaction to this, she’d turned away, spilling the second drink down Alba’s red top, who was stood directly next to her. I mean, it was always bound to happen in a house like this, with limited space available, but why me and Alba, that was the real question.

“SHIT!” The blonde girl said, with a look of remorse and panic on her face.

“ANNABEL…!!” Alba shouted, staring down at the large wet spot on her red top; now exposing her lack of bra, her hard nipples visible through the wetness of the top.

Trying not to stare too hard at Alba’s chest, I did something similar, looking down at my t-shirt, realising the alcoholic drink was causing it to stick to my skin.

“I’m SO sorry…” Annabel said shyly, flicking her eyes between Alba and myself.

“…it’s fine…don’t worry.” I replied quickly, pressing my lips together, somewhat in annoyance.

“We can change…” Alba added, glaring over at me, stood in my soaked t-shirt.

“I’ll get you another drink Albs…” Annabel said, turning away from the two of us.

“…fuck sake…” I sighed, moving my feet, taking the first steps through the crowd towards Maria’s bedroom.

It wasn’t exactly a long way from the stairs to Maria’s bedroom, maybe ten yards or so; however, with the party in full flow, it meant becoming a contortionist, sliding my body through small gaps in the crowd, trying not to crash into them and make them spill their own drinks. Suspiciously, Alba seemed to follow close behind me, I could feel her presence, basically hanging on to my every step. The only assumption I could make was that she too had spare clothes in Maria’s room, I mean, Maria had alluded to them all getting ready together earlier in the night. I felt the hairs stand up on my arms and my neck in anticipation - Alba and I were about to be alone together, again.

“Take it off then…” Alba said abruptly, the door to Maria’s room only just closing a matter of seconds beforehand.

I looked at her somewhat in disbelief, but for some reason, did what she said. It wasn’t like she hadn’t seen me half-naked before, and so in one swift motion, I pulled the sticky white t-shirt over my head and dropped it on to the floor - adding to the mess that was already there.

“…look better in the light…” Alba said under her breath, taking a step towards me, virtually staring at my attempt of abs formed on my stomach.

“Your turn…” I replied, stood their topless with my just my jeans on.

Alba dead-ass stared back at me, rolling her eyes, but did the same, taking off her soaked little red top. This revealed her petite and toned figure, and small but perky tits - something I’d felt but not seen on the night of her accident. Embarrassingly, and if I didn’t already have a semi from the whole situation, seeing her erect nipples sealed the deal, my cock was now completely hard in my jeans. There was something about moments between Alba and I which I’d never experienced before, it just made everything else feel irrelevant. It was definitely the sexual tension, she was just so attractive.

Only about a metre apart from each other, I did what any man would do in this situation; I took a step in, guided my right hand to cup Alba’s neck, closed my eyes, and leaned in. Alba’s lips somehow felt better to kiss than the night she pissed herself, we’d just perfectly connected, gently pushing against each other with ease. I could feel Alba wrapping her arms my body, and that allowed me to do the same; letting one of my hands, and more specifically my nails, scratching down the side of her back. Then, as I slowly tried to take it from kissing to French kissing, Alba seemed to resist a little.

“You’re so fucking annoying…” Alba said, her face millimetres away from mine.

“What…why…?” I replied, pulling away a little, with a confused look across my face.

“Because…you came to the party for Maria…” Alba paused before continuing, “…and…you’ve kinda ignored me all night, after everything…you know?…and now you wanna get with me…in Maria’s room!”

“Wait…” I paused, gathering my bearings, staring at her inviting eyes, trying to wrap my head around her mini argument “…you just told me to strip off…?”

“I know…” She sighed, flicking her eyes downwards “…I shouldn’t have…Maria’s my best friend!”

“Right!!” I fired back. If you couldn’t tell, there was a slight element of annoyance in my voice and attitude. Of course, Alba had every right for us to stop, but on the surface, she started it, and deep down, I felt like we both wanted it - or maybe that was just my horny mind.

“It’s just…” Alba pressed her lips together, “…someone could walk in!!”

“…you’re right…it’s stupid…” I said, gritting my teeth and cutting her off in the process - forcing myself to stop thinking with my dick.

“…sorry…” She said shyly, carefully placing her long hair down the front of the shoulder - yes I noticed, she definitely did this on purpose.

“Its fine…” I replied, releasing my arms from round her waist, “…the other night was…

“…crazy…” Alba finished off my sentence.

“well…yeah…crazy” I replied, letting out a little smile. “…I was gonna say a one-off…”

“Definitely a one-off…” Alba smirked, her brain clearly thinking back to that night between us “…I fully pissed myself!”

As she stood there topless, looking as good as ever, it dawned on me that this was arguably the first conversation we’d ever had together, properly, even if it was me getting sort-of rejected. All I could muster in response was to nod and agree with her; she wasn’t wrong in her assessment, she had fully pissed herself, and I doubt she’d be having an accident again anytime soon, so in that sense, it really was a one-off. It was difficult to know what I was supposed to do next, thankfully, Alba broke the short silence.

“Anyways…it was completely your fault.” Alba said accusingly, flicking her hair for the second time in as many minutes.

“My fault…you pissed yourself…?” I fired back, enjoying the flirty nature of Alba’s comment.

“YEAH!…I would’ve made it easily…” Alba said quickly, “…you broke my concentration…stood half naked with the tap running…it threw me off!”

“…that makes total sense…” I replied sarcastically, crinkling my forehead.

“…okay…maybe I would’ve leaked a bit…but I got close and then saw your…” Alba broke off and angled her eyes downwards towards my jeans. ‘Boner, cock, dick,’ there were plenty of words Alba could’ve finished off her sentence with, instead, she’d chosen to look at it herself.

There was one major issue with her looking directly towards my jeans and cock, and that was; partially still from the making out, and also from her talking, and making me think about her accident again, letting it run through my mind, was my boner. I could feel it tightly pressing against my jeans, which weren’t actually that tight, angling off to the left, quite clearly evident as it created a bulge. With Alba’s eyes fixed on my bulge, it only made things worse, I could feel my dick throbbing in my pants; so much for thinking with my brain and not my dick - now all I wanted was for her to touch it.

I sheepishly looked back up, away from by boner, and towards Alba again, feeling my cheeks flush red in the process. Things had seemingly cooled down between us, non sexual joking around, and now I was rock hard, AND Alba knew about it - what a disaster. Unexpectedly, and very awkwardly, as I watched Alba nibble on her bottom lip in anticipation, I felt her hands move from the side of my waste to my front, just below my stomach. Instinctively, I felt her warm hands move down my stomach to the button on my jeans; and with no belt on, she popped it off with ease. Whilst doing so, Alba had somewhat stepped in, and now being so close, I could hear that her breathing had intensified. With two tugs of my jeans, they were now round my lower thighs, my boxers included in that, allowing my hard cock some freedom, standing up with no resistance.
