Crisis On Infinite Earths A/U

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2020-01-27 11:38

I know the title is a little redundant, but there's so many great Batwoman x Supergirl scenes in Crisis! It only seemed right.

Supergirl had to admit she failed her earth. It's destruction by the hand of the Anti-Monitor put her in a dark place. She didn't want to be comparable to Kate Kane, but the gloomy shroud of failure and self-pity hung over her head. All the heroes they had saved in the multiverse, including herself, had accumulated on the Wave Rider to devise a plan to stop the anti-matter wave destroying universes, so it was a bit crowded, and truthfully the girl of steel needed some alone time.

Kara walked into the cargo hold of the Wave Rider to take a breather, it seemed like this was the only room she couldn't hear the echoes of the other heroes arguing. She sat down, back of her head against the wall. She felt so powerless for someone that could practically do anything and everything. Kara's pride felt drained, her brain felt too full to come up with anything productive and for the first time in a while, she couldn't turn to her sister or Lena for help. She didn't know who to confide in, or if she should even show that vulnerability right now.

Kara's eyes rolled as she twitched a bit. She had been arguing and devising plans for so long, that she didn't even realize how badly she had to use the bathroom. It wasn't quite unbearable, but she definitely noticed it. Kara sighed, and as she was about to stand up- the entrance door slid open. Kara straightened herself out, trying to look less fragile as Kate Kane - the Batwoman entered. Kate had been a friend to Kara for a while now, but they disagreed heavily on some fundamental things on the job. Kara couldn't help but be intrigued by Kate's whole 'punk' persona. Even the red bat emblem always caught her eye - she loved that emblem.

"I know sulking when I see it, Supergirl," Kate said a bit teasingly.

Kara looked her in her eyes, she always liked it when Kate took off her mask and wig. She preferred seeing the real Kate.

"I-I'm fine, Kate. I just needed some time," Kara said a bit shaky. She really didn't want to show weakness to Kate, but right now she couldn't help it.

"Kara," Replied Kate, looking her right in her eyes with a very stern expression.

Kara almost broke down right then and there. "I don't know what to do! My entire earth is destroyed! I feel like I have nobody I can turn to, Kate.."

Kate's expression turned from stern to understanding. "I'm sorry Kara. I know you had your whole life uprooted by this, just like we all did. If I were you, I'd miss her too."

"Miss who?" Kara replied, almost a little offended and taken aback.

Kate smiled. "The Luthor you're obviously crushing on."

Kara felt her face go red. She tried to put on a pretend 'Ew!' face, very unsuccessfully. She squirmed in her seat a bit more as Kate spoke, "It's pretty obvious, just like your whole 'no mask, take off the glasses' thing, Supergirl." Kate said teasingly.

The Kryptonian shifted in her seat a bit - she wasn't sure if it was from how badly she had to pee, or how nervous she was, she just hated how analytical Kate was. But as much as she hated it, it was kind of hot - and she was right most of the time. Kara looked down, almost a little ashamed. She didn't ever want to have this conversation - especially right now, as the fate of the multiverse was at stake.

Kate looked down at Kara, then sat right next to her, putting her hand on her shoulder. "You okay, Supergirl? Because we really need you out there."

"I just.." Kara paused, "I still feel new to this," she said, looking up at Kate in her eyes. Kara almost got lost in Kate's eyes for a second, meanwhile Kate was admiring her innocent face.

"New to.. what?" Kate replied, trying to keep her voice steady. It wasn't often at all that Kate found herself nervous, but looking at Kara in a place of weakness right now did something for Kate that seeing her shoot lasers out of her eyes didn't.

Kara leaned in quick, and kissed Kate. Then silence. Immediately, Kara pulled back with a look of shock on her face. "I'm so sorry!" Kara exclaimed, still squirming in her seat a bit. Kate looked at Kara, as the shock on her face turned to a bit of an evil smile. Kate grabbed Kara by her chin and pulled her back in, kissing her again. Kara wrapped her arms around Kate's neck and pulled away for a minute.

"This is so embarrassing.." Kara said, "I.. really need to pee," she muttered under her breath, looking down as she said it.

Kate pulled her back in, whispering in her ear, "I know."

If you guys like this, please let me know! I'd love to continue it.

