Battle of the Bladders

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-07-04 12:36

Battle of the Bladders

“Last order ladies”, the bar tender announced to the two groups of women eyeing each other as they neared the end of their contest.

“How are you doing over there kid” One of them asked across the bar, aimed a red head in the group opposite.

“Im fine Angela, thanks for asking” she answered back. Despite the kid comment the woman had to be in her late twenties, although she was the youngest of them by about a decade. Both tables were covered in empty glasses, the contents consumed by the number of experienced middle-aged women who sat around them.

“Looks like another victory for St. Mary’s” The same woman gloated.

“What are you on about Angela, no one has peed yet. The contest isn’t over.” Another retorted.

“Come on Joe, its clear Valerie is the most desperate” Angela said, indicating the younger woman sipping on another pint.

“That’s not the point. You know its first to pee that loses and that could be anyone. Remember that time Charlotte lost despite acting confident.”

“Yeah, but no one pee’s anymore. Our bladders have gotten too strong for these little contests.” Joe said, a hint of sadness detectable in the statement, clearly missing the good old days of their contests. But she was right, after more than a decade of these challenges at the bar, she couldn’t remember the last time one of them had lost it.

“So what are you saying, you guys not want to compete anymore?”

Joe seemed to think for a moment, a hand scratching her chin before a smile spread across her cheeks. “Or we do it properly, a final hold to determine if St Cuthbert’s or St. Mary’s nurses are the better holders once and for all.”

Now it was Angela’s turn to smile. “So one last contest, winner takes all. I like it, but how were you thinking of doing it?”

“Well, considering how much I know we all work, im sure we all have some holiday saved up right? so why done we all take a week off and…”

“Pfff, a week, im not sure that’s long enough to break me” Angela said confidently, patting her iron bladder.

“Fine two weeks!” Joe said loudly, clearly goaded in by the mere suggestion that Angela had the strongest bladder.

“My family has a holiday home we can use” Another of Joes group brought up. “We can go there, it will be free and has plenty of room for us”.

“Perfect.” The two women said in unison, wide smiles across their faces once again. Soon they would know which of their groups was the better at holding.

Over the next week the groups got together and planned out the contest, every little detail being ironed out and agreed upon so no one could have any excuses. It was decided that each group would have a single champion, a bladder gladiator that would fight for their team and hospital. That way it was a straight fight, if they all competed there might be different conditions that could make each team feel like they had won. This was a fight for total supremacy, there was no room for grey areas. They needed a black and white winner and loser, and both groups were certain they would be the winner.

Aside from the basic rules of the 1 on 1, other agreements had been made during a meeting the day before the contest was to begin. It was determined a 5 second pee break would be allowed twice a day. The two contestants would have to pee at mid-day and midnight, a short rest bite to allow their bodies to stop the build-up of toxins in their systems. While it had been the scene of a fierce debate among the ladies, this was the preferred method for the safety of the two women. It was noted that this process may make it harder for the women to hold, but it was quickly agreed that this would just be an extra challenge for the iron bladdered gladiators. A test of true control not just capacity.

Arriving at the cabin the large group of women couldn’t help but be in a good mood, soon they would know which of them could truly consider themselves the bladder queens.

“Alright ladies, unload the truck!” Joe shouted, a number of the women starting to unload the large cases of beer they had brought with them. A low percentage ale had been selected as the best option for a drink that they could safely consume large amounts of, while also increasing their need to pee. From the outside it may have seemed like overkill for regular bladdered folk, these were not regular bladders that would be competing. Standing in the main room a few minutes later the two groups gathered opposite each other, the tension and rivalry easy to feel as it combined with the excitement and pride they were all sure would be theirs when their hospital won.

Alright then, should we officially get this underway? I think its safe to say we know who will be competing against each other” Angela said confidently.

Her and Joe had been rivals since medical school, both becoming successful nurses and choosing rival hospitals. The pair would often square off against each other in all manner of contests, both in private and when representing their hospital in an official capacity. Even since the first bladder contest almost 11 years ago, the then young nurses had destroyed the opposition and come out on top. In the end Angela had won that challenge by a matter of minutes, with Joe wetting herself surrounded by their colleagues. However, since then Joe had won as many times as Angela herself had. Now with such large bladders neither was ever in real danger of losing it in their weekly contests at the bar, but it had just become somewhat of a tradition.

“I wouldn’t be so sure” Joe said, another wicked smile on her and her groups face.

“I do hope its not Valerie you are putting forward, I was rather hoping for an actual contest.” Angela said, the arrogance and mild disdain for the suggestion easy to hear in her voice.

“No, but I think our champion has just arrived.”

Walking through the door came a woman Angela hadn’t seen in many years. Ever since she became head of Urology at St Cuthberts, she had basically disappeared. The athletic looking woman pushed through the door, her long blonde hair pulled tightly into a short ponytail that barely seemed to budge as she walked confidently towards them. Her bright and blemish free skin giving the woman a youthful appearance, although the signs of an aging face were still there.

“I think you know Sam” Joe said, the smile unable to get any bigger as she enjoyed the moment of hesitation on Angela’s face.

“Its not matter, I can wipe the floor with anyone and everyone here, especially a has been holder like Sam” she spat out.

“Nice to see you too Angie” Sam said, remembering the deep rivalry between them as if it had been yesterday.

Before Angela and Joe had formed their rivalry, Angela had been singled out by Sam early on in her training. The pair had duelled at almost every opportunity, sparring in anything and everything with the two fierce women giving no quarter and taking no prisoners in their games. However, after Sam’s promotion the two of them had barely seen each other. Sam had even stopped coming to the bar to take part in the weekly bladder matches, but apparently Joe had brought her back for this final test.

Still glaring at each other the two groups with their champions selected were finally ready to start. On one side the St Cuthbert nurses stood, Sam and Joe taking their places Infront of the others. Two other nurses Sandra and the junior Valerie behind them. St Mary’s on the opposite side was to be represented by Angela herself, supported by her friends and fellow nurses Vicky, Hannah, Tilly and Julie.

“Ok, so we know the rules right?” Joe asked, walking into the centre of the room and between the groups.

“Both contestants must drink the same amount, so anytime one of you grabs a drink, the other must have one too. Partial pees must take place at 12am and 12pm on the dot, once you starting peeing you have 5 seconds to release as much as you can. However, you must regain control of yourself quickly, any drops or extended peeing time will result in a penalty drink.” Joe said out loud, making sure neither of the women or groups had an excuse, they wouldn’t be able to pretend they didn’t know of a rules on her watch. She knew she was going to win and didn’t want anything spoiling it, especially some sort of technicality.

“Yeah If you release more that you are allowed you have to drink more.” Vicky, another of Angela’s group interjected, clearly excited at the prospect of the contest.

“Yes exactly. Now, the first pee will be a complete one. So you will both empty yourself at midnight tonight after drinking as much as you can. This should break the seal and make sure that even your iron bladders are tested. We only have two weeks to determine a winner, so the extra precaution is necessary.”

Despite the audaciousness of that comment in other circumstances, the two groups nodded in agreement as they were all aware of the holding powers of the women here. For many of them, it would be the first time they got to witness their champions exhibiting any kind of desperation. Both Sam and Angela would often drink ungodly amounts at work, while seemingly unphased or simply not feeling a need to pee. The only real reason they and the others didn’t continue to hold after their contests at the bar was the possible consequences or slips of concentration at work. Despite the fierce competitiveness of the groups, all the women were professionals to the utmost level.

“So its almost noon, do you two want to pee now so we can get this contest started?” Joe asked, keen to get things rolling.

“Yeah sure” Angela said, her face lit up like a kid at Christmas. This was her time to shine, her time to show Joe, Sam and all the nurses from St. Cuthbert’s what she and her nurses were capable of.

“Im ok, I don’t need to pee” Sam said calmly, cutting through the excitement. The other nurses starting to wonder if she was trying to undermine Angela already?

“Well I suppose, there isn’t really any need too at this point since you will be peeing later?” Joe conceded, looking to the others to see what they thought.

“Yeah I don’t need to either, I just thought it was a rule” Angela hastily added.

“Well in that case, I guess we can call to order this contest if everyone is ready?”

With a cheer the two champions were handed their first large beer and as the clock struck mid-day, they pulled off the tops and began to chug them back. Despite it being a test of longevity, it seemed both were in a competitive mood and were determined to show their abilities. In less than 10 seconds both women had finished the 500ml (17.oz) bottle.

“Another” Angela shouted, the two contestants’ hands quickly filled by another cool bottle. Like some sort of western movie, the two women locked eyes to see who would move first. Quickly the lids were discarded, the neck of the second bottle put to their waiting lips and chugged back again. This time it was even quicker, 8 seconds!

“Another!” Sam said, their rivalry clearly now at full force. Once again their hands were filled by a bottle handed to them by a member of their own team and again the bottles were quickly drained of their contents.

“Again!” Angela retorted, neither woman wanting to be the first to give in, despite the contest being on for less than a minute so far.

“Alright ladies, maybe we should pace ourselves a little. The real contest hasn’t even started yet” Joe tried to reason, not wanting to go through the beer supply too soon.

“You’ve got this Angela, she’s only just getting started!” Valerie shouted. “Show them what St. Mary’s nurses are made from.” She continued, handing out another beer. Both groups of women immensely confident in their chances to win. There was just no way they could lose.

This time it took a little longer for the women with locked eyes to finish the beers, but soon both bottles along with 2 more each soon sat in the empty box they had come out of. But finally with the crate completely empty, it seemed as if they had reached a point where both women felt they had proven themselves.

Placing a hand on her distended stomach Angela could feel the weight of the beer mixed with the day and half of pee she already had inside her. She hadn’t meant to go so long without peeing, but she simply hadn’t felt the need yesterday. Two days without peeing was a rare occurrence for her, but she knew that her bladder could easily wait. Long double shifts at the hospital would sometimes wear her out to the point of falling asleep as soon as she got home. Waking up and heading into work the following day without relieving herself, comfortably drinking through the day and returning home before peeing.

Sam on the other hand had made sure to pee the night before, working in a urology lab she knew the risks of holding onto her pee for too long or too often. Although, In her younger days she had trained herself to hold long and hard, going days at a time if not full work weeks without peeing. It had made her somewhat of a legend and was part of the reason the bladder challenges had started, with others trying to prove they were just as strong as she was. Either because they wanted the same attention she got, or wanted to take her down a peg.

In her experience it was the attention seekers that had given her a run for her money more often than not. There was a very short list of people who had been able to do just that, with today’s opponent right at the top of it. In fact, many of those in the room had been her best competitors is those days, but being promoted gave her little in the way of time to partake in such events. Plus, she couldn’t be shown up by a lower level nurse, it would be bad for her image.

The hours passed quickly with the women reading, watching tv or chatting in the main room. There was even some fraternising between the groups, although everyone still maintained that their hospital was superior. For the two champions the beer had gone through their systems quickly and they both felt their bladder starting to fill, a dull weight inside their abdomen. But even with a couple more bottles during the evening, neither felt a strong or even moderate need to pee. Soon 11pm rolled around and the anticipation grew, breaking the seal would surely speed up the process and they all knew it would mean the other challenger would start showing signs of desperation quickly.

But beyond simply winning, the other women were also excited to see these two bladder behemoths go head to head, with stories of past contests going down as legend in their hospitals. Seeing the two fierce competitors forced to the edges of even their control was an enticing prospect, with everyone in the room wanting to see how far they could push them both. As midnight finally rolled around both Angela and Sam were sat in the main room. A fire burning brightly next to them, its flickering flames dancing along the large stone walls.

“So, how do we do this?” Sam asked the room.

“Do what?”

“Pee, there is only one toilet right. So who goes first?”

“Why, already desperate enough to need to go first?” Angela asked with a searing tone of mockery.

“hahaha” Sam laughed deeply, her head falling back. “If you think I need to pee this soon and after drinking so little, im not sure you are ready for this contest. To even think this small, it shows how limited your bladder must be.” She shot back. Getting a glower of distain from Angela.

“You can just pee on the floor in here if you want?” Valerie responded. “Its an old building and my parents never really come here anymore.”

“Well that makes it easier, we can both go at the same time.” Sam said, happy that when she won there would be no excuses of Angela having to pee seconds later or earlier than her.

The large clock on the wall began to chime, its ornate hands pointing upwards together. It was time for Sam’s and Angela’s first and final full pee. This would be the last time either of them voluntarily emptied themselves completely for the foreseeable future.

“Well ladies, time to pee” Sandra said as all of the others gathering around to watch Sam and Angela pee. Slowey they unbuttoned and pulled their jeans down, revealing bare skin covered in goose-pimples from the cold room. Dropping into a squat as the clock chimed for the 12th time a pair of thick and heavy streams burst out from both women. A loud splattering noise filling the room as their piss hit the hardwood flooring, large frothing puddles starting to form and spread out from the two women. For almost 40 seconds the two women maintained their position as their thigh muscles started to burn from their squatting stance. Now as they both ran dry they stared at the single large puddle now covering much of the floor, draining between gaps in the wood.

“Alright then, looks like the contest is on” Joe said smiling about more than just the start of the contest. She had seen Angela sigh while releasing! That could only mean her opponent was clearly enjoying the relief, while her champion Sam barely even seemed to register what she was doing. It had been somewhat embarrassing for Joe to admit someone could out hold her, but she was already glad she had taken the hard to swallow pill and gotten Sam to take part in her place.

Walking over to the pile of beer crates Angela pulled a pair of bottles out. “Well I guess since we are empty now, may as well start filling ourselves back up. Wouldn’t be much of a contest if we didn’t drink right?” she said opening both bottles and holding out one.

“I couldn’t agree more” Sam nodded, walking over to the crates of drink. But instead of taking a bottle from Angela, she instead picked up a full crate. “What do you think, 6 bottles a good starting point?”

“I……” Angela stammered for a second.

“Whats that sorry? I think your tiny bladder might have been about to say no?” Megan chimed in from the side. She had always been a massive fan of Sam, her holding stories use to sound so amazing to her. Now, being able to see one first hand she couldn’t wait for her friend to put these smug St. Mary’s girls in their place.

“Shut it Megan! I can hold plenty, I was more worried about Sam.” She said, cursing the slight pause in her answer. She couldn’t believe she had already shown weakness, but that wasn’t going to happen again. “But if the has-been is that confident, then I guess there is no reason to go easy on her. How about 12? A full crate each should make sure we feel something in a couple of days right?” Angela said, studying her opponent for any sign of weakness, any flinch, but she saw none.

“Alright then, 12 each. Sounds like a good plan. Wouldn’t want to run out of time here without being able to be crowned the winner when you inevitably wet yourself.”

“You talk big for someone who gave up holding a long time ago, I’ve been training this whole time and I will easily beat you.” Angela shouted back.

“Well, may the best bladder win then”

“Thank you, I plan on!” Angela said coldly, enjoying the look of disdain from the other nurses.

Locking eyes once more the two women opened their first bottles and began to drink, the frothing amber liquid flowing down their throats and into their waiting bodies. Bodies and bladders that would for the most part remain closed for the foreseeable future. Now onto their second bottle the fires of competition only seemed to get brighter, with each sequential bottle they again looked for a moment of hesitation from the other. But even as they sucked down the 12th bottle of bubbling beer, neither had shown any. Their stalwart appearance surviving even as they felt their stomach’s bloating massively.

The next morning the women woke in the unfamiliar surroundings of the cabin, taking a moment for their brains to remember where they were. During breakfast both challengers continued to mirror the drinks of each other, several glasses of orange juice and water being downed in the early hours of the day. By now their bladders were protruding slightly from their skin, bulges that would make most people desperate but seemed to have no impact on either of them. Their once flat stomachs starting to disappear beneath the layer of liquid pushing out of them.

“I think im going to have another glass of water” Angela said confidently, placing the tall glass under the tap and filling it. Waiting as Sam walked up behind her, drinking the half a glass she still had and followed suit with another full glass.

“If you think you can win this by making me drink lots you are wrong. My bladder is bigger and stronger than yours” She whispered into the close ear of Angela.

“I don’t know what you are talking about Sam. This is just how much I normally drink, and I can assure you that I will win this. Especially if you think this is a lot to drink” she mimicked the earlier sentiment.

Sam’s eyes narrowed with anger; Angela was no match for her. Yet she pretended to be the bladder queen, well no longer would she let that happen, she had let the other nurses confidence build for too long.

“Normal amount you drink you say, then I guess its not much of a contest yet. Maybe we should drink more than that, since we are finding out who has the strongest bladder after all.”

Angela had paused last night, it had been a sign of weakness, a sign she would not repeat.

“I think that’s a great idea, wouldn’t want to keep it too easy.” She said, walking over to the tap and refilling her now empty glass.

“That wasn’t quite what I had in mind, an extra glass is hardly much more than im sure we can handle.” Sam said, pausing to down her glass and following it up with another full one from the tap to keep up with Angela. “I made sure Joe got me some supplies, I think they should be under here” Sam said, reaching into the back of the extra-large fridge. A few moments later she handed Angela a massive 3 litre (106oz) box of cranberry juice, pulling a second out for herself.

“I think this might meet our needs of a bit extra” Sam said smugly.

“It’s a start” Angela said, happy at seeing the look on Sams face wiped away.

Walking over to the kitchen table, the two women uncorked the boxes and began to drink them swiftly. By 11.55 both of the large boxes were empty, the 6 litres of heavily diuretic liquid now sitting inside the two women. At this point the waist bands of their jeans had started to press heavily into their distended stomachs as they tried not to show any signs of discomfort.

“So you guys ready for your first pee?” Vicky asked, holding a freshly cooked bacon sandwich in one hand.

“I don’t need it” Angela said hastily, “But I guess If it’s the rules then im ok with it.”

“Same, but I’ll be surprised if you even have the strength to stop once you start” Sam said.

“I’ll show you strength. Even after you go, im sure I can last days longer than you.”

“Well, we will see about that” Vicky said, clearly enjoying the intensity of the two women’s rivalry.

A few minutes later the two of them were surrounded once again, the other nurses assembling to watch on the off chance this was where it would end. But just looking at both the competitors, it was clear neither was desperate yet and they were all sure they could survive this first round.

“Ok, so I guess someone needs to count out loud, we will say 3…2…1….go and on go you pee.”

“Seems simple enough” Sam said.

“Then you will have 5 seconds to pee as much as you can, but make sure to regain control when we count down the seconds. Peeing for longer will result in a penalty drink remember.” Joe said calmly.

“Ok guys, when the clock strikes 12, I will count you down if you want to get yourselves ready” Vicky stated, grabbing her phone to use as a stop watch.

Angela quickly unbuttoned her jeans, dropping into a stooping squat.

“In a rush are we?” came a snide remark from Valerie.

But instead of retorting, Angela ignored it and centred herself for the pee that was about to happen. This was new to her, she had never had to cut off a pee mid-stream before. Her holding prowess meant she could hold on for as long as needed, she had never leaked in any of the contests since graduating. Her iron grip of her bladder was one of her proudest features, yet she now had to voluntarily loosen her muscles and let just a tiny amount of her pee out.

A rustling of clothes to her left and seeing a pair of flesh coloured knees next to her made her aware Sam had now joined her.

“Ok guys, get ready. Start peeing on 1, and stop on 5.”

“10 seconds……..3…2…1…pee”

On command a thick stream of pee shot out from Sam, thundering into the ground In front of her. However, to her left little more than a dribble left Angela as she failed to unlock her muscles for a second. Her face burning with embarrassment she did her best to calm her mind and finally the dribble turned into a solid stream. The pair of clear streams falling through the air in tandem for mere seconds.

“3…4…5, Stop!”

Clenching both women easily stopped the flow, their lack of desperation helping them with their control. However, even in this state they could both feel their muscles aching, a slight burning sensation in their groins as their bladder were cruelly forced shut before they emptied fully.

“Have a bit of trouble there” Sam joked, pulling her jeans back up.

“Not use to peeing when I don’t have too” Angela said, her face still slightly red. She had always considered her control immaculate, but she hadn’t considered this being part of what control meant. Surely shutting off the flow was an even greater measure of it, demonstrating that they had complete dominion over the bladders. She would have to do better and learn this skill in the future she told herself.

“Angela, heads up” came a call from Sam who tossed her a bottle of beer. “We should probably replace what we just lost right?” she said far to cheerily for Angela’s liking.

Smiling she grabbed the bottle, unscrewing the lid and downing it in one go. Smacking her lips she noisily sighed in satisfaction. “Thanks I needed that” Angela said, watching as Sam drank hers slightly slower.

“So how is your bladder feeling?” she asked loudly

“I don’t feel anything yet, bit weird forcing yourself to pee when you feel empty though.” Sam said confidently.

Angela knew that was a lie, she must have been feeling something by now. Her own bladder was far from full, but she still felt the heaviness of all the drinks that were sitting inside it.

“Yeah same, I think that’s why I couldn’t get started. My body didn’t need to pee so it didn’t want too.”

“Yeah that must be it…” Sam said dismissively, the sentiment angering Angela who crossed her arms and walked back to her chair. She would show Sam, only one of them would be walking away a winner and that would be her.

….

Despite the initial difficulty getting started, any idea that the women were already struggling was quickly put to bed as the same scene played itself out twice a day for six whole days. Each day consisting of a lot of drinking with and between each meal. More than half of the beer crates were now empty and the recycling was filled with a dozen cartons of fruit juice. Their bladders had ballooned out massively because of it, yet both Sam and Angela remained calm and composed. The bulges in their abdomen the only truly obvious sign of the battle going on in their bodies, bodies which only felt the faintest of releases each day.

“You guys ready for your next pee?” Valerie asked.

Playing it cool both ladies dismissively shrugged, although neither could deny their need to pee now. With almost a full week separating them from their last full pee, the weight of liquid inside their bladders was truly monstrous. Sam now sat with her legs crossed in as relaxed a manor as possible, while Angela had hers pressed together and almost sitting side saddle on her chair. But now it was time for the next pee, meaning both of them had to stop what they were doing and walk back into the centre of the room.

Falling into a squat Sam almost gasped, the separation of her muscles combined with the heaviness of her bladder making her muscles throb for a second. But thankfully no one seemed to have noticed. However, looking up she could see Angela walking carefully towards her. There was a faint look of unease on her opponent’s face, a look that meant Sam knew she was going to win this.

“Having trouble there?” She chastised her opponent, widening her legs to show she was still in complete control.

“No, I am fine thanks” Angela lied. Her bladder had started to throb inside her after their last pee at midnight yesterday. It was only light, but the constant pulses were something she hadn’t felt in many months. Despite their contests she couldn’t remember the last time she had pushed her body this far in terms of the amount she had drunk. Entering a squat she felt her muscles tremble for a moment before they regained their strength.

“Ready, pee in 3…2…1.”

Two heavy streams began splattering onto the now slightly warped wood. However, after only a moment one stream seemed to taper off, it was Sam. The blonde nurse began breathing heavily as she tried to relax her muscles, but they had locked up. Her typically strong jet of piss a weak spray before tapering off completely at just 4 seconds.

Beside her Angela’s stream continued, before being cut off almost instantly as Julie counted to 5 seconds. A look of glee on her face, having witnessed Sam failing to control herself.

“You’ve got this Angela. She couldn’t even pee” one of her friends shouted as the two of them

“Having a bit of trouble there Sam?”

“No, im fine thanks. Didn’t need to pee anyway.” She lied, feeling her face flush involuntarily and giving the game away.

“Sure, I bet that’s why you have been sitting with your legs crossed isn’t it.” Angela has sensed weakness and she wasn’t about to give that up.

“What no!” Sam shouted back, her face unable to get redder.

“Well in that case, you should have no problem if we have another one of your juice cartons?” Angela was making a gamble, well actually it wasn’t a gamble for her. She was sure she was winning and by making her opponent drink a lot more, she was sure it would tip Sam over the edge. Angela would be crowned winner before she even started to struggle, this is what Joe got for bringing in an outsider. Walking over to the fridge she pulled out another of the large boxes.

Sam’s face was almost burning, being called out like that was humiliating. But she would show that arrogant bitch who was the true bladder queen. Her muscles might have locked up but that was because they didn’t want to pee, every fibre of her body was designed and trained not to pee. The only reason she was having any trouble was because she was so good at not peeing. While little nursey over there gloated, Sam was going to make her pay for this humiliation. Her bladder was so much stronger than even Angela could comprehend, she would make her opponent suffer.

The gloves were off and the drinking was about to go up a notch. But, thinking for a moment she remembered the saying, the bigger they are the harder they fall. That would be how she would get her, she would build up Angela so much and then crush her like a grape under a boot. Walking over to where the gloating Angela was stood waiting, she accepted the cranberry juice and grabbed another glass. Moving over to the table they began to down glass after glass of the drink. But about half way through Sam stopped, putting the glass down on the table for the first time and noticing the glint her opponent’s eyes.

“Oooh, too much for your poor widdle bladder” Angela mocked.

“What no, Im just bored of Cranberry juice. Fancy a coffee?” She said confidently, standing even as she felt a light spasm in her bladder. Its fullness making any movement hazardous, upsetting its status quo. “Oh wait, you don’t have a choice do you” she laughed, in spite of the moment of unease.

“She can handle it!” Vicky shouted, having been intently watching the drink off.

Walking over to the cupboards Sam rummaged through them until she found what she was looking for. A pair of large metallic cafetiere’s that she pulled out from the back of the shelf. Checking inside she was pleased to see they looked almost brand new, their metal shining brightly and the filter looking pristine. “These should do” she said happily. Turning on the tap she began the process of filling the large kettle with water, standing with her legs apart as the tap water noisily splashed around inside the container.

Soon the water had boiled and the coffee had been made, the large 12 cup devices usually shared amongst a large group. But this time they each had their own, both sitting confidently as they waited for the coffee to reach a drinkable temperature. All the while staring at each other, still finishing off their cranberry juice.

“This is just a show, I know you will break soon” Angela said as Sam took her first sip of coffee.

“We will see…drink up” Sam said condescendingly.

As they downed cup after cup of coffee they could both feel the warm mass of liquid now sitting inside their body. But what had started as a nice warming sensation had quickly turned uncomfortable, their bodies starting to cramp more aggressively due to the strongly caffeinated drink. Their hearts also starting to flutter and muscles spasms increased in frequency as they continued to drink. However, Sam had taken that into account and only put in a little regular but mostly decaffeinated to not cause them any health issues. Yet still, her body was reacting to the hot drinks.

By midnight that day the warmth had long died off, but the urgency in their desperation had increased significantly. Their now heavily distended bladders filled with litres upon litres of pee that was begging to be released. The once occasional spasms now far more frequent as both ladies fought their bodies for control.

Angela had been looking at the clock for the last 30 minutes, she needed this pee. She hated to admit it, but she was starting to get close to her comfortable capacity and soon she was going to have to start taking measures to ensure she could keep holding. It would be humiliating to do it, a sure sign of weakness. But if she could just bare down on her muscles hard enough this time, then she might be able to take the edge off and make it another day without having to take such humiliating measures. The longer she put between her and Sam’s inevitable loss, the stronger she would look and everyone would see how good her control was. Looking over she could see Sam sat down, her legs now crossed at the knees as her giant bladder made her unable to cross them at her thighs. She was breaking, Angela knew it!

Finally the clock showed it was just 1 minute to go till their next pee, standing slowly Angela walked to the centre of the room. Breathing deeply she cleared her mind, trying to focus on what she was attempting to achieve.

“You look like you are starting to struggle” Sam said, watching her opponent trying to calm herself in the centre of the room.

“The only thing that is starting to struggle is the button on your jeans” she replied, keeping her composure and trying to almost meditate to get her muscles to obey her soon to be orders.

“Yeah, well they might have a limit but I don’t.” Sam answered back, frustrated her comment hadn’t riled Angela up. Joining her in a squat at the centre of the room once again.

“5...4…3…2…1…pee” came the command. It was almost second nature now, but again as Sam felt her stream start strongly it seemed to taper off as something inside her caused her to muscles to contract. Despite the overwhelming need to pee she was currently experiencing as the weak stream left her, she just couldn’t get her muscles to relax enough to let a hard stream out. They were just too well trained to hold.

“Ughhh” she grunted as she accidentally exerted herself too much, bearing down on her muscles. A few laughs happening at her expense from the other nurses.

Next to her the opposite was happening as Angela held her breath, pushing down on her bladder for all it was worth. What had started as a strong stream only increased in speed and volume as she contracted her abdominal muscles to squeeze her bladder. The solid jet of pee now shooting almost a foot, her muscles obeying the orders to push out as much as possible.

“3…2…1…stop” Valerie announced, worried slightly by Sams poor show again.

A moderate puddle still sat under the blonde-haired woman, but it was nothing compared to Angela’s who seemed to have peed almost as much as a normal person would when emptying out completely. A pleased look on her face as she felt her bladder get slightly lighter. Although, as she stood the relief was far less than she had hoped she would achieve, but even a little bit was good enough. Noticing the small puddle under Sam, she was more sure than ever she would win.

Waking up the next day Angela had to put a hand between her legs, the urge for a morning pee far stronger than it had been the day before. The last week of drinking was clearly taking its toll and taxing her muscles. Her constantly full and ever filling bladder no longer giving her any time to rest. The break in her desperation she had hoped the pee last night would have given her had already disappeared.

The morning was filled with a hearty breakfast for all the nurses, large plates of eggs, sausages and bacon were washed down with lots of fruit juice for all of them. As the sun shone through the woodland next to the cabin, it was decided that they should go for a walk once they had eaten their fill. For the two full bladdered women this task was a little more difficult than they had imagined, now forced to move more than a few steps it constantly jostled the contents of their bodies. The vast quantity of liquid stored in them shifting with each uneasy step and their bulging abdomens forcing them to walk with an unnatural gate. However, neither woman complained and both kept up appearances of being in complete control.

However for Angela this movement was really not helping her, she had been reasonably comfortable sitting in the house. Her bladder reaching an equilibrium as her muscles remained firmly in place and her bladder continued to stretch freely. But now as she was forced to tense her moving muscles, she could feel the beginnings of fatigue setting in. Sam on the other hand was feeling far more relaxed, the calming walk through nature helping her get out of her own head for a moment. The last two partial pees had gone badly for her, with many of the other nurses making jokes at her expense. It had been starting to get to her, but now outside she could let herself relax a little. The sounds of the birds and creaking trees calming her.

“Guys its almost 12, should we head back?” Vicky asked, not wanting to disrupt the contest.

“Yeah sure, we probably should” Angela replied, stopping and turning around.

“Or…we could do it out here?” Valerie suggested.

“What, out side, what if someone sees us” Sam asked nervously.

“I mean the woods seems pretty quiet. Plus it would mean less clean up” Joe joined in.

“Sure why not” Angela said, happy to see that Sam had been hesitant. Would that mean another weak pee from her? She must really be struggling by now.

A few minutes later the group found a shaded area and both women pulled their Jeans down preparing to pee. The countdown started and on cue both ladies began to pee, the strong streams a sign that Sam had overcome whatever had been holding her back. Yesterday had been difficult for her, but she smiled as she felt a heavy stream spraying out of her and splattering into the mud. However, after a few seconds something started to worry both of them. Despite feeling themselves peeing and seeing it rush out of them, neither could feel any benefit. Their bladders now so bloated and full that even as they peed, it did nothing for their increasing desperation.

“and…stop” Valerie counted down.

“Oh god” Angela said quietly, trying to closer her muscles., A grunt escaping from Sam at the same moment as both women were forced to fight for control for the first time. It was close, they had probably both gone slightly over the time, but they had still stopped the flow. But the burning feeling between their legs had gotten so much worse as their tired muscles really starting to strain after a week of not being able to relax fully.

Despite this and their ever-filling bladders, both women held and held. Time passing increasingly slowly for the two women as they felt their already bloated bodies expand even more. The partial pees had lost their impact, with neither woman feeling any relief from the 5 second pees any more. 48 Hours after their pee in the woods and now in their nineth day without being empty, they could feel their muscles weakening. The nerve endings in their taught skin and distended bladders now constantly demanding attention. The throbbing from inside their bodies becoming annoyingly consistent for the two women as they battled the increasing pressure that was building inside them.
