Journey of the Bladder Queen - a Stardew Valley fic

Author: Millworks

*000*2024-07-06 03:33

####

This is a Stardew Valley fanfic about our desperate farmer playing Journey of the Prairie King at Abigail's house. Depiction of locations, characters or other may not be 100% lore accurate, as the story's priority is omorashi.

ConcernedApe is the creator of Stardew Valley and holds the rights to all characters and locations in this story, but please God don't tell him about this.

####

Across the newly repaired bridge laid the quarry: an open space crowded with old - though unremarkable - common trees and rocks. The farmer, impractically dressed for mining in a purple t-shirt, snug cyan leggings, a straw hat and salvaged hiking boots, was there to mine her share of easy copper and iron before the fall season turned to winter. By then, it was around 10AM in the morning, and the farmer wanted to work quickly in order to wrap up before she spent quality time with her friend Abigail around 6PM.

Yet, after breaking down a boulder near the bridge-edge of the quarry, her disposition changed at the sight of a hollowed cave entrance. Slowly, she walked in, identifying the only two objects of note: a ladder, and the crooked sign next to it that held a drawing of a human skull. The mystery of this entrance - sealed off for what must have been half a decade - captivated the farmer and held her tight. Quickly, she took off her backpack and looked for confirmation: two life elixirs, her sword, a Joja-Cola, and, most of all, tons of empty space for treasures. It was everything she needed for the adventure - assuming the difficulty was comparable to the mines she knew. Putting the day on hold, she slid down the ladder with a big smile down her face.

The next 7 hours were a trainwreck.

The mines were littered with rocks devoid of ore, rooms unbroken by ladders and which twisted in on themselves to lead back toward the exit. She knew there was something of significance in this cavern - it called out to her, but she felt that voice drifting farther away with each misstep. As time passed, the farmer was nearing exhaustion, and, worst of all, the warning sign by the ladder was literal. Droves of disembodied skeleton heads would careen at her, knocking her to the ground in a surprising display of force even harder than monsters at mine-level 110. She was able to stay conscious, barely, by resorting to holding a sword in her dominant hand and a life elixir to sip on in the other.

The two life elixir bottles were huge, resembling flower vases, easily holding almost a liter each, but it proved not to buy enough time for the farmer to find what she was yearning for. Honestly, after drinking everything from those bottles, she just felt icky. It was clear it was time to stop and try again another time. Sluggishly, she climbed back up the ladder and was met with the refreshing air of evening fall, and she sat for a moment to calm herself, sat beside her bag full of rocks, rice, and whatever void essence actually was.

Glancing back a second time at the dimmed sky, her body stiffened - it was 6:20PM! The farmer was late for Abigail! Tensed, the farmer rummaged through her bag of rocks for the dented Joja-Cola, and she downed it for the added energy rush. If she sprinted, she could make it there in twenty minutes: across the bridge, down the mountain, past the community center, and into Pierre’s. That was the plan anyway, but the farmer’s body felt oversaturated - like all of her cells were too big and pudgy. Three seconds of a sprint turned into a soft walk, and it finally dawned on her how much she overdid it in that new mine.

She finally took a long look at herself in the water: a couple small tears on her leggings and shirt, slightly showcasing her black bra, some pieces of bone stuck all over, she didn’t have her hat anymore, and her hair was a mess. The most surprising thing she noticed though, brought attention to by a small tingle between her legs, was a noticeable bulge pushing from her stomach. Inspecting it, a small pulse shot through her.

The farmer hadn’t gone to the bathroom all day since waking up, and now she had almost 2L of elixir fluid - an unreasonable capacity - ready to fill her big bladder to the brink at a moment’s notice. How it hadn’t already all deposited in her bladder was a mystery, but it must have been secretly building and building as she was distracted. However it happened, her body was now a water balloon.

The farmer hurriedly picked up the pace towards Abigail’s, dusting her clothes free of bone, gripping her shirt inconspicuously to hide her bulge, and now in a race to use Abigail’s bathroom before the true desperation hit her.

When she arrived at Pierre’s, it was 7PM, and the urge in her bladder had increased such that she could feel her bladder taking up valuable space in her abdomen. She wasn’t squirming, but it wouldn’t take much longer until she was. Luckily, Pierre wasn’t at the store desk, nor was he checking the stock, meaning the farmer could pass on by to Abigail’s room and give it a shaky knock that was a little too revealing of her predicament.

Abigail opened the door and reacted to the farmer with initial surprise, before switching to a look of slight disappointment as she took the farmer’s hand to guide them inside.

“The plans were six, not seven. I’ve been waiting for you for an hour now - I thought you’d even arrive early or something,” Abigail lectured, sitting both of them on the floor cushions in front of the television and turning on the console.

The farmer bowed her head in embarrassment, and Abigail’s expression softened in return.

“Well, I’m glad you’re here. Where have you been, anyway? You look like you got mauled by a bear.”

She didn’t want to talk about it, so she just shrugged her shoulders haplessly, losing the weight from her back. Yet, she still wanted to use the bathroom, so she motioned toward the door and rubbed her legs together to signify the need, to which she was abruptly cut off by a hand grabbing her wrist.

“Nuh uh,” Abigail teased, “we’re starting now. I want one good game of Prairie King and THEN you can go. No excuses, I can’t wait any longer for you.”

The farmer’s heart skipped a beat; the blatant denial turning her face red. Her lower body tensed at Abigail’s request, but her mind was conflicted, racing. Sure, she was late by an hour, so it only made sense that she try to make it up to Abigail. Though, can she really just do that? Make her hold it? Abigail was already starting the game, handing her the controller. The farmer hesitated, but a nudge and a giddy look from Abigail made her good-naturedness win out over her poor, rapidly filling bladder.

“Besides,” Abigail giggled, “I don’t actually expect us to get that far on our first attempt. You’ll be free in no time.”

###

As the first few levels went on, the farmer felt herself cross an important bladder milestone: she was starting to squirm around on her floor cushion. The bulge on her stomach was dropping as more liquid funneled into her bladder, and the act of diverting her attention onto the game was making it difficult to prevent the physical tells. Despite this, the farmer was still great at Prairie King - better than an empty-bladdered Abigail. The farmer had been practicing for this exact type of moment using the tavern’s arcade copy since last time, and, to her delight, Abigail was impressed. While Abigail lost 1 of her 3 lives, she lost none of hers.

“Woah, you’re doing a good job! We could make it to the end if you keep playing like that!”

The farmer perked up at the compliment, a smile hard to hide on her face. Although her bladder was getting hard to manage, the encouragement helped her hold back her squirms for a moment, closing her legs around the floor cushion like a prank can of baked beans.

In the game, there are three major bosses, and the farmer and Abigail had just made it to the first. The farmer was doing most of the heavy lifting, but Abigail got some good shots in and pointed out each one afterward. The farmer was starting to quietly scissor her cushion now, her bladder seeing the long post-boss transition scene as something that could’ve been used to stop her bladder from throbbing. Instead, the farmer kept her mouth shut as Abigail celebrated, even as her need to pee had increased substantially since a few minutes ago. If a few minutes ago was a 5/10, now it was a 7/10 and rising fast.

The farmer inched a hand off her controller and toward her crotch.

“H-hey, hands on the controller - the level’s starting!” Abigail interjected.

Snapping her hand back to the controller, the farmer continued to play, sweat dripping down her shoulders, her stomach bulge dropping further.

The next few levels were difficult. Abigail hadn’t seen these enemies before, and, even with the extra lives she accumulated, her lives counter was dropping fast. The farmer was still working toward a deathless victory, but a sudden wave of desperation pushing her to an 8/10 made her body seize up and lose a life of her own. It was clear the farmer was getting to the end of her rope, but Abigail was in denial.

“You don’t have to go that bad - you can do this, okay?” Abigail said through gritted teeth, eyes glued to the screen while trying not to lose her final life.

The repeated denial made her bladder twinge. Her bladder feeling as large as a melon, she desperately shimmied to sit on her heel, and she made her first audible dull moan as the added pressure made contact against her urethra.

The second boss of three, another milestone: The farmer couldn’t keep their mouth shut. Her shallow breathing was periodically interrupted by gasps and whimpers from what came close to leaks, and she more than anything wanted to drop the controller and jam both hands between her legs. She could get to the end of the game - she knew she could, but she needed more force against her crotch to prevent what must’ve been a throbbing liter and a half of angry pee from bursting out of her bladder that hadn’t had release since this morning.

Although it felt like a blur, the boss had died, and the farmer’s whole body shook. Abigail hate-celebrated at the television, but froze up when she turned to see the farmer’s sorry state.

“You … really do need to go, huh?” Abigail spoke, taking in how, behind the farmers arms, her leggings bulged outward and the clear outline of her bladder was visible through the fabric.

Abigail saw the pleading look in her eyes, accented by the soundboard of noises she’d never heard her make before. It had only been less than 20 minutes since they started the game, and the farmer had already grown so knotted that it was likely her bladder would reach it’s limit before the game ended. She must’ve been holding for so long, and yet this version of the game didn’t come with a pause button. She hadn’t even seen her play this good before - what if it was the farmer’s full bladder that made her especially good this time? They were so close, but Abigail couldn’t stall long enough for her to relieve herself.

“I …” Abigail started, “I’m sorry.”

The farmer’s eyes widened.

“… but I need to reach the end.”

The third zone was starting, and Abigail moved toward the shaken farmer and sat behind her. Abigail slipped her hands gently between the farmer’s trembling legs, past her firm bladder bulge, and the legs closed around them.

“Keep playing,” Abigail whispered. “You can do this. Please.”

The farmer choked on her own saliva, water welling in her eyes, her muscles exhausted, but reassured by Abigail’s careful hands. They had never been this intimate with each other before, certainly not over a video game, but it was hard to enjoy it when she felt the last of the 2L nestle into her bladder. The pressure was too strong, and her hips started to flail, causing her to uncontrollably grind against Abigail’s tight grip. Abigail leaned close, keeping the farmer in one spot, now talking less words of encouragement and more demands.

“Hold it. You can hold it. Don’t let go. Not yet,” Abigail ordered.

As she approached the final boss, her noises got louder, spasms racking her body with each button press, almost as if her character and her bladder were in sync. Trying to navigate the final boss with tears flowing down her cheeks, she felt her first leak fight through Abigail’s hands.

“No! Nonononono, don’t do that again! You’re almost there!” Abigail pleaded, rubbing the farmer’s crotch in a last ditch effort.

Bullets were flying everywhere, her bladder was the fullest it had ever been, and she had almost beaten the game, but the thing that took her attention the most was that little wet spot between her thighs. A wet spot that proves to the rest of the bladder that there’s a way out. A wet spot that convinces you it’s going to rain forever. A wet spot so vividly warm that you feel your whole body be engulfed in flames.

Abigail cheered, relaxing her hands around the farmer’s crotch at the sight of the final boss defeated. The farmer didn’t even notice that they had done it yet, her eyes distant, mind consumed with need. Abigail then said something she didn’t hear.

It was over for her.

The damage appeared in seconds, completely soaking the front and back of her leggings, and even the front of her shirt. Her boots were now cups. Her stream shook her trembling body, tipping her forward, her elbows on the floor. The farmer had no thoughts left, only consumed by the ache and the feeling of letting everything go, like how a muddy sidewalk must feel when being power-washed. Eyes closed, she sighed like she was singing a beautiful song. The pain was subsiding, but what she felt wasn’t exactly relaxation either. Just pure exhaustion without conflict. Then, an overwhelming sense of shame.

Abigail, hands and knees drenched, looked blankly between the compromised farmer and her own feet, standing closer to the door than the television. She waited until the stream died down before saying anything, which took a while. Even then, she was stumbling over her words. She moved to try and comfort the farmer, but the farmer motioned her away.

“K-Katy, I’m so… I-I should’ve… I didn’t…” Abigail tried to explain. Why did this game mean so much to her? That she’d sacrifice her friend to win it?

The farmer, Katy, buried her face in the few dry parts of her arms. They both stayed silent for a bit.

“I want to go home,” Katy choked, trying to get up off the ground on legs that could hardly support her.

“… okay,” Abigail responded.

Abigail handed Katy a towel from the unoccupied bathroom, some of her clothes, some new boots, and left the room so Katy could get changed while Abigail searched for a mop. After some time, Abigail paused in front of the door and slowly knocked in an uneven rhythm, and Katy, with her backpack on, opened it slightly ajar to look at her before letting her in.

“Katy, I’m so sorry-“ Abigail started.

Katy raised a hand up, staring into Abigail’s eyes one more time, and then she left Pierre’s without looking back.

It was now 7:40PM, maybe enough time to go home and unwind with the cat after a stressful day.

END

