AskThread - Accepting fiction requests

Author: Mickey

*000*2018-11-30 14:43

Hello Folks!

I seem to have run out of ideas I would like to write about right now. All the ideas I have are for rather long works, and having just finished writing two of those over the last few months, I need a few months of recovery.

I went to the "Request Thread" for inspiration, but that seems to be filled only with fanfiction requests. I just don't do fanfiction *shrug* Looking around for a fiction-only request thread, I found only individual members creating their AskMe threads, so here's mine.

Ask me to write what you want to read I love to write desperation most and seem to do it best. You can read chapters of my "Uncomfortable Decisions" series to get a feel of what I write.

I will not do -

A. Fan fiction. Not any fandom.

B. Real people fiction (or situations based on celebrities). Original characters only.

C. Messing; Diapers

D. Deliberate wetting. I can do it as a means to relieve pressure as part of a desperation story, but not one where the plan is to wet.

E. Rape/Ambiguous consent. Incest. Actually I write terrible sex scenes. Don't give me scenarios with sex as an important part.

F. Non human characters. I can do human-like aliens, but that is about it. No furries/robots/fairies/ghosts and so on

G. BDSM. Bladder control as part of a bet or something is great, but I won't do d/s relationships.

H. Underage or barely legal characters. Mine will be 20 at the youngest.

Thanks!

PS - I am doing this for free, so no promises on filling all prompts and when. If another author finds a prompt inspiring, dear author, you have my explicit permission to use it. [I just created mine because using prompts from someone else's thread felt like cheating. Don't you worry about it]

*003*2018-11-30 20:31

{{1 hour ago, Bangarang said:

How about someone hogging the bathroom for ages while someone else really needs to get in there to empty their bursting bladder?

Its a classic but I love it, to keep it fresh could be a girl in the bathroom and a guy waiting?

}}

Let me see what I can do Would be fun to see what variation I can come up with!

{{46 minutes ago, Peefreak said:

@Mickey

How about a girl in her 30s being desperate in the car while on a long drive and has to pee on the roadside no wetting plz the relief part is the most important to me so if you can make that part pretty long and intense it would be great

}}

That's one after my heart - desperation but no wetting! One question though - how important is the age to you? I mean when you say "girl in her 30s"? As in, are you just saying it should be a mature, professional woman, not some drunk college kid? Or is it something else that you associate with the 30s age group?

*009*2018-12-04 11:04

{{On 12/1/2018 at 11:16 AM, Nar said:

Anything with female teachers desperate to pee, with accidental wetting.

}}

Any wetting I do will probably be private - not in front of a class or something (basically humiliation is a major mood killer for me). Would you be okay with that? If you are, I will see what I can do :)

{{On 12/1/2018 at 8:25 PM, Jeffery Mewtamer said:

Does the no characters under 20 rule extend to unusually short/petite women and crowds of children that are less characters in their own right and more props?

If not, here's an idea I posted recently in the request thread(which has plenty of non-fanfic requests, though I can understand not wanting to siff through that huge thread when no fanfics is your first rule) adapted to your other rules:

A 20-something female about six months out of college with a teaching degree, fed up with the local schools not taking her seriously because her short stature and petite frame make her look more like she should be in front of the teacher's desk instead of behind it, takes a job as an elf assisting a local mall Santa because it pays surprisingly well, her diminutive size was actually a plus for a change, and it'll give her some real-world experience wrangling children.

She loads up on coffee the morning of her first day, and things are going well as she helps keep the children waiting to see Santa or waiting for their parents to finish shopping after seeing the jolly ol' guy in red and handing out candy canes and other treats to the tykes until all that coffee hits her bladder. Unfortunately, there too busy and too understaffed for any of the elves to take breaks. At first, she thinks it'll be good practice since she won't be able to excuse herself in the middle of a lecture once she lands a teaching job, but things soon grow desperate, and having to help clean up after a few of the younger kids having accidents of their own doesn't help as she grows fearful that a public accident will only prove those who have told she looks too young to be a teacher right.

She eventually wets, leading to her being ridiculed by the children and retreating into the hut the doubles as storage space and "Santa's Workshop" prop. The Mall Santa scolds the children for their ridicule and he goes to comfort the aspiring teacher. She lets out her frustrations and he gives her a motivational speech about how he's watched her grow up, fall into disbelief, and assuring her she'll make a great teacher that leaves her wondering, in spite of over a decade of not believing if she just had an encounter with the real santa.

Cleaning up, she returns to her job as Santa's elf, her confidence restored. Perhaps as abonus, on christmas she recieves a unexplained gift tagged from Santa containing something a teacher would proudly display in their classroom, and when mail resumes after Christmas, she recieves a letter from the first school that rejected her teaching application offering a position teaching her favorite subject starting in January.

Alternatively, how about a fresh out of college teacher of the firm but caring type is eager to prove herself to her first batch of students, many of whom are initially disrespectful because she's so much younger than their previous teachers has a close call in the classroom or even wets in front of her class.

Edit: if you go with the Christmas idea, feel free to make her a degree holding member of some other field where her lack of stature makes her look like a child playing grown-up rather than a professional when dressed in her professional best.

}}

Sorry, I won't write any characters under 20, even if they are not the main character. Should have been clearer in my rules. I'm also not comfortable writing "easily mistaken for a child" type characters.

I could write a girl-genius, who got her first PhD when she was 21, and is now teaching graduate students who're often disrespectful because of her age. That would make all the characters near their mid-20s - would that work for you? [Also, how important is the humiliation part for you? I write crappy humiliation - mostly because it is a personal turn-off. So if that's the important part for you, I am probably the wrong person to fill this ...]

*010*2018-12-04 11:12

{{On 12/1/2018 at 11:48 PM, SAM996 said:

Put these before but often I will repost them when I feel enough time has gone by as well as pages and people are looking for new story ideas. Feel free to add or change as much as you want maybe even combine certain ideas if you want too. All of these are female and there is no wetting involved. Maybe add light wetting if you want but it would basically be desperation and ultimately making it just in time.

A woman a mother is trying to potty train her daughter and is having difficulty doing so. As a last resort in trying to get her to use it she decides to demonstrate for her by using the training potty herself. Could continue to where the mother grows to like the notion of it and decides to keep peeing in her child's potty in secret. Up to you whether her husband or someone catches her or not. Only the mother would actually be depicted peeing as the daughter is implied and mentioned to have adapted to it after the mother's demonstration.

A woman again a mother most likely decides for the safety of her child to baby proof everything in the house. Of course this backfires when she needs to use the bathroom and can't open the child proof lock on the toilet. Up to you where to go from here and where she goes instead or if she manages to figure it out. Someone did this for me but someone else again is free to do it again.

A woman's toilet in her house breaks resulting in it needing to be fixed. This of course becomes a problem when she needs to use the bathroom and there's no toilet working. Again up to you to decide where she ends up going. Maybe trying to pee discreetly somewhere without the guy fixing her toilet knowing so she doesn't get caught in an embarrassing scenario.

A couple a woman and a man decide to buy a new toilet to replace their old one. Ultimately the husband ends up buying a sort of high tech toilet that has gadgets like it can clean itself or talk etc again up to you how that goes but ultimately the woman doesn't end up liking it but it's now bought so there's nothing she can do and she stubbornly refuses to use it. This of course becomes an issue when she needs to go to the bathroom and tries avoiding using it as she tries to find other ways or places to pee. Ultimately would end with her being forced to use the new toilet and coming around to liking it.

A woman and maybe a friend along with her being arrested be it for an innocent crime or a legitimate one. Whatever the case may be the result would be they would have to share a holding cell until their bail comes in with a few other inmates who are waiting their bail and there would be a toilet to use in the cell if they needed to use it. However one of the woman who is arrested would be pee shy and is reluctant to use the toilet in the cell which becomes a problem when she has to pee. Ultimately she would end up using the toilet much to her embarrassment just as their bail comes in.

Alternatively it could be something to where a woman or pair of women is arrested and they end up being imprisoned and have to stay there for awhile until they are released on good behaviour or they end up being proven innocent and they have to get used to life in prison including overcoming reluctance to use the toilet in the cell in front of their cellmates. The first example of the holding cell would probably be easier to write since it would be one and done. (Note: Someone did write this recently based on my suggestion. I admittedly debated on removing it but if you feel you've got an alternate take then feel free to write it if this one interests you)

A couple move into together but the woman feels embarrassed going to the bathroom knowing her boyfriend is there all the time. She tries to drown him out or ignore him but finds she can't. She's embarrassed by peeing or maybe pooping or maybe can't do both but the point is she tries to avoid going when he is around and not in front of him which becomes difficult as she tries to go to the bathroom in other places but can't keep rushing out all the time either. Eventually she ends up going with him around and in front of him as the two reconcile about it.

A woman decides to make a bet with her friend that she could survive being her pet dog for a day but finds it's more difficult then she realises such as being led on a leash, eating the dog food and needing to go to the bathroom as she ends up having to pee again the trees/bushes/backyard in order to commit to it and eventually when desperate in the public setting at first tries to pee in the park but ends up not being able to do so and pees on a the fire hydrant as they eventually come to terms with the bet with her friend winning proving it isn't easy. I had done a story like this on my old account but I want to see someone else do it. Granted this could somewhat fall into BDSM which you said you wouldn't do so I'm expecting you to probably not take this one.

A woman is shopping with someone and she becomes desperate to use the bathroom and the bathrooms end up being closed for whatever reason. Desperate she tries to find other ways to go to the bathroom as she eventually ends up in a bathroom store in the shopping centre and the idea of her being surrounded by display bathrooms and toilets makes her desperate more to the point she decides to pee in one of the shop's display toilets trying not to get caught by the store managers and the mall security or whatever. Up to you if she does or not and finds a way out of it. Again I did this on my old account but want to see someone else do it now.

A man and a woman a couple or friends or something ends up swapping bodies and have to get used to living life as each other including how to go to the bathroom as their respective gender. Again I did this on my old account but want to see someone else do it.

}}

Would you be okay if I combined one of your prompts with one of someone else's? Specifically I was thinking of combining the baby-proofed toilet one from you with BangBang's toilet hogger.

I might end up doing some of the others eventually - peeing in store-display bathrooms and broken-toilet are both things I have wanted to do for a while ... But I have rather longish plans for them, so probably not any time soon.

*011*2018-12-04 11:17

{{On 12/3/2018 at 3:07 PM, nc_omo_dude said:

How about some kind of trainer / student scenario where a woman is the trainer and puts a male student in situations where he wets. Maybe like fbi agent training. Or law school. Med school.

}}

I have been planning a multi-chapter around something similar, so I am not sure if I will get around to doing this right now ... But how important is the control aspect to you? I am not comfortable doing anything with d/s undertones - so if I do this, the female trainer wouldn't deny bathroom breaks, or intentionally thwart the students' attempts to pee. Would that work for you?

*017*2018-12-05 18:57

@desperation_fan

- While not exactly BDSM, this is definitely outside what I am comfortable writing at the moment. I don't think I'll be writing this one - at least not anytime soon. Sorry!

@luckymon2

- Well, double desperation is my favorite too, so I plan to sneak that in to as many stories as I can But I'll see what I can do to make the rest of your scenario come true

###

Here's my current work-in-progress list.

* Tamara's Troubled Travels - A 32-year old on a long drive, for @Peefreak

* Karen's Karma - A bathroom hogger and a child locked toilet stand in the way of a much needed pee, for @Bangarang and @SAM996

.

* The Trials of a Teacher - A young female teacher finds herself in dire straights in front of her grad class, for @Nar and @Jeffery Mewtamer

* The Trials of a Trainee - A FBI training session, for @nc_omo_dude

*022*2018-12-26 08:41

{{On 12/21/2018 at 3:25 AM, Nar said:

So, what happened to "Karen´s karma"?

}}

It will turn up, sooner or later

To be honest, I have the outline ready and part of the story written down. But I have written in a lot of build up - with the desperation building slowly throughout the day, including some missed relief opportunities. I feel there's too much slack in there, so currently trying to edit it down.

Since I really want to write shorter, more focused stories - this whittling down might take a while I am afraid. The holiday season intervening doesn't help.

*023*2019-01-23 12:50

Well, Karen's Karma and Trials of a Teacher has been posted - now for Trials of a Trainee. Sorry nc_omo_dude, but this won't be done any time soon. I'm kinda stuck on this one. I will write it - but probably only in latter part of February ...

That said, I am open to other prompts - preferably with male character(s). [Recap of my rules --> no fanfiction, no under-20s in any shape or form, no poop or diapers, no BDSM, non-con, ambiguous-consent, control without full consent or humiliation]

