Jay's Desperation

Author: mysterious331

*000*2021-04-17 01:47

Michael had just pulled into the parking lot of the restaurant waiting for Jay and Claire to come out when he saw the two stepping out of the building and returning to the car.

"That was quick," Michael said as Jay and Claire hopped inside the car.

"We didn't go!" Jay told him. "That bathroom was too nasty!"

"It was the most disgusting place I've ever seen," Claire added.

"Well," Michael shrugged, "we really can't stop now. So you two have to hold it now."

So Michael continued on the highway. He drove for 50 minutes, and everyone was silent throughout the drive.

While Claire resisted desperation for the toilet, Jay was still writhing desperately. Michael watched as Jay crossed her legs together tightly. She was quivering wildly. When she gave Michael the look, the latter shook his head.

"I told you, Jay," Michael told his wife, "You're gonna have to wait until we make our destination."

"But Michael, I really have to pee!" Jay complained as she continued bouncing up and down on her seat with her legs crossed tightly.

"I told you you should have went when you were at the restaurant!" Michael replied.

"And I told you that bathroom was disgusting!" Jay shot back.

"Why can't you just think of something dry?" Michael asked.

"Yeah, sure," Jay said sarcastically. "That would help a lot!"

"Look at Claire," Michael said pointing at Claire. "She was just as desperate as you are now and she's holding it."

"Did Claire drink four bottles of water in one setting?!" Jay asked.

"You drank four bottles?!" Michael asked astonishingly.

"I needed to stay hydrated during the road trip!" Jay shouted angrily.

"Well you could have just waited until you felt dehydrated to drink just one bottle!" Michael shouted back. "I mean is being dehydrated really worse than having to take a piss?"

"Just find a nearby exit so I can pee!" Jay demanded.

"Ooh, you're out of luck, Jay," Michael told her. "Because the next exit is about 40 miles away. We're right in the middle of the freeway."

"Are you kidding me?!" Jay shrieked in frustration, "40 miles until the next exit?! I have to pee!"

"Then hold it!" Michael told her.

"I can't hold it!" Jay shouted. "I had been holding it for four hours now!"

"Four hours?!" Michael asked. "You mean to tell me that you never thought about using the bathroom since the first minute we were at home?!"

"I gotta pee, Michael!" Jay told him bouncing up and down in desperation. "I gotta pee!"

"I told you, Jay," Michael told her. "You'll have to wait until I get to the next exit!"

"I can't wait that long!" Jay shouted. "And I can't hold it any longer! Pull over, Michael!"

"What?" Michael asked.

"Pull over!" Jay repeated.

"For what?!" Michael asked.

"Because I gotta pee!" Jay declared. "Pull over right now!"

"I can't stop this car!" Michael protested. "We're in the middle of the highway!"

"I don't care, Michael!" Jay screamed. "Pull this car over so I can get out and pee!"

"Forget it," Michael told her. "I'm going until we get to our final destination."

"Oooohh, I can feel it coming!" Jay whined holding on tightly to her lower regions. "I'm gonna burst!"

"Fine!" Michael said pulling the car over. "But for public potty breaks, it would cost you $100."

"$100?" Jay asked making a face. "You gotta be kidding me!"

"Take it or leave it!" Michael told her. "If you don't want wet trousers, you better pay up right now."

"Fine!" Jay grumbled pulling out her wallet and taking a hundred dollar bill out of it to put in Michael's palm. "Can't believe I'm being hustled by my own husband!"

Jay quickly jumped out of the car and ran to the bushes up ahead. She could feel the liquid on its way to exit out of her lower regions. Her urethra felt as if it was constricted by some rope. She was walking quickly, but awkwardly, waddling like a crab.

Finally, Jay made it behind the bushes. She looked around as she started unfastening her belt. She then pulled down her pants to the bottom of her thighs, squatted down, and began to pee.

Jay let out a relieving sigh as she started peeing. The smooth breeze in the air felt cold on her big bare butt. Jay didn't care. She was just satisfied that she made it without wetting her pants.

Little did she know, however, Michael was recording her peeing, getting a great shot of her big bare butt as she continued peeing. Jay didn't bother looking back.

Four minutes had passed, and Jay could still feel the urine pouring out of her. She couldn't believe she was still peeing. Her bare butt felt as if it was about to freeze. She could still feel the cold chill bumps on her butt.

"Lord, my butt is so cold!" she complained. "I shouldn't have drank so damn much!"

The kids in the backseat were feeling tired. "Mom sure has been peeing for a very long time," Claire groaned impatiently.

"I didn't know she could pee for so long," Kady replied.

"I hope you ain't looking at me, Michael!" Jay called as she continued peeing.

"Not at all, honey!" Michael lied recording his wife peeing. "We can't see you behind them bushes!"

"Good!" Jay shouted. "Because it's been four minutes since I started going! Just close your eyes when you hand me the toilet paper once I'm finished!"

"Sure, honey!" Michael called out. "Hey kids, reach inside the trunk and hand me the toilet paper!"

Kady reached in the trunk and stepped out of the car door to throw Michael a row of toilet paper.

Jay continued peeing for one more minute until she let the last drops of urine out of her. "Finally!" she shouted in relief. "I'm finished now, Michael! Just close your eyes and walk over to me to hand me the toilet paper!"

"Sure thing, honey!" Michael replied walking up to his wife still recording the rear view of her bare butt as she stayed in a squatting position.

Michael tossed the toilet paper to Jay, which landed right in front of her. "Thanks, Michael!" she called.

Jay grabbed the toilet paper, rolled about twenty sheets around her hand, and tore it apart. She used the sheets to wipe thoroughly from behind and dropped the sheets to the ground.

"Now that's much better," Jay sighed.

She stood up straight and pulled her panties and pants up around her waist, barely stuffing her big butt through them as she fastened her belt. Jay picked up the roll of toilet paper and saw a thick, long trail of her pee running through the grass like a river. It was about five feet long as it continued streaming.

"Damn, that's a hell of a piss I made there!" Jay told herself stepping around the absurdly long trail of yellow urine.

She finally made it to the car. "I cannot believe it took you five minutes to finish peeing," Michael told her.

"I told you I had to pee!" Jay protested. "And my butt is still cold from that cold wind blowing through it."

"Whatever," Michael replied. "Let's just get back on the road. I don't want the police pulling me over for pulling over on a highway!"

"Mommy, how were you able to pee for so long?" Kady asked Jay.

"By having too much to drink, that's how, sweetheart," Jay told her.

"I think I'm gonna drink a lot of water to see if I can pee longer than you," Kady said.

"Hey," Michael demanded. "We don't need to be talking about peeing. Everyone does it. It's to get the water out of us."

When Michael grabbed a cup of his water and tried to drink from the straw, he took a massive sniff of it and held his nose in disgust.

"This water smells like pee!" he said making a face. "What the hell did those employees at the restaurant put in this?!"

When Michael and Jay looked around, they spotted Claire making a guilty face. She just knew that her parents had caught on and knew exactly why the cup smelled like pee.

"I see why you were able to hold it yourself," Jay told her guilty daughter as Claire continued looking nervous.

Michael, however, didn't say anything and just simply tossed the cup out of the window. He then started the engine and continued driving on the highway.

The End

