Matt and Megan's smelly adventure

Author: mr.pee

*000*2023-02-19 10:32

Matt and Megan had been best friends since they were kids. They shared everything, from their deepest secrets to their most embarrassing moments. But there was one thing they never talked about - the fact that both of them had smelly private parts.

Although Matt and Megan never discussed it, they each knew what the other smelled like down there. And while both found it slightly off-putting, neither of them ever judged or said anything negative about it either. It wasn't until a few years later when Matt started peeing his pants for fun - often when he was in close proximity to Megan - that things started to get really strange between them.

At first, Matt thought nothing of it; after all, if you can't laugh at yourself sometimes then life can be pretty boring! But as time went on he started to realize that maybe he enjoyed doing this because of Megan's smell down there...he loved being able to smell her ass whenever she walked by him! Of course, poor Megan had no idea what was going on behind her back; but still somehow she always seemed to know exactly when Matt would randomly pee himself during their hangouts together...and she didn't really seem too put off by it either way!

Matt and Megan eventually graduated high school and moved away from each other for college without ever discussing the subject again; but even though a lot has changed over the years since then, one thing remains true: Whenever these two old friends see each other again after all this time apart - no matter how much has happened since then or how different life is now - one thing will stay constant: The unmistakable scent of smelly private parts present in the air around them will bring smiles to both their faces!

