Cross-legged Chris

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-11-27 23:52

The pub after work had seemed such a great idea at the time but now Chris was regretting his two pints with his best mate. Sure he’d had an early finish and it was Malcolm’s birthday but this travelling home in rush hour by bus on a pouring wet afternoon wasn’t his idea of fun now in any way.

Chris leaned on the window as he wiped condensation away to see out. It had been ten minutes since the bus last moved and he was keen to see what the hold up might be. Annoyingly all he saw was stationary traffic and people walking about under umbrellas. The pitter patter of rain and the drops running down the window in front of him made him realise why he was getting so frustrated: he needed a piss. Not too badly quite yet but if the bus continued to go nowhere he knew those pints would come back to haunt him soon.

Chris crossed his legs and checked his phone. First he scrolled through Facebook, then checked email and then finally he thought to check the travel twitter feed. Nothing hugely serious there but two ‘minor’ incidences were causing tailbacks. Chris leaned slightly forward, his legs still crossed as he strained to read the font on his phone in the dim bus lights. Leaning forward helped as a spasm from his bladder jolted him enough to cause him to swing his top leg. Those pints were clearly wanting out sooner than he was comfortable with.

A text from Malcolm thanking him for the drinks broke his thoughts as he opened and read it straight away. ‘Got train fine though a little delayed. Thanks again for birthday drinks. Have a great weekend!’ Chris text back: ‘you’re welcome. Got bus right away though not moved for ages now due to traffic. Just kind of wish I’d used the gents before I left Walkers.’ Just as he pressed send the bus engine turned and the bus crawled along a very short distance. Chris debated getting off and walking but at least he was warm and dry on the bus and it would take about an hour to walk the five miles home, plus if the bus could just get out the jam he would ordinarily be home in about twenty minutes.

He leaned back and kept his legs crossed and closed his eyes. Maybe a little nap might help time pass quicker and take his mind off of things. It helped a bit but whatever Chris tried thinking about; his flat, the last girl he was with, his own imminent birthday and even what he might eat later, he still couldn’t quite forget about his need to piss. The bus was moving slowly now but he had barely got to the end of the street yet never mind onto the main road out of town. Chris leaned his head on the damp window again, shifting in his seat but not daring to uncross his legs. He was slightly tipsy, happy, but tired, though his body continued to send little pulses between his legs reminding him that his bladder was rather full.

Chris tried to shut it out and closed his eyes once more. He must have lightly dosed because he opened his eyes to find not only that the bus had actually moved onto the main road at last but that his hand had also moved over his crotch without him even being aware. He looked around to make sure no-one had spotted before quickly pulling it away. He might really need a piss but he certainly didn’t need others to know that. He crossed his legs at the ankle and scrolled through his phone again. Time was dragging in and it was even beginning to get dark. The rain was even getting heavier too just to make things worse.

The bus pulled into a stop and quite a number of passengers got on. It was rare for people to sit next to strangers on public transport unless they had to so Chris was a bit taken aback that a female sat beside him, placing her small but soaking wet umbrella at her feet. He wasn’t wanting to talk to anyone and was glad social etiquette seemed to say that this wasn’t expected these days anyway. He shifted a little in his seat and leaned back letting his legs stretch forward under the seat in front of him but not uncrossing them. He swirled a foot to distract himself from yet another signal from his bladder. He quickly glanced at the lady beside him but she was distracted facing ahead so he silently breathed his relief.

Chris had been on the bus almost half an hour now He should have been home ten minutes ago and relieved himself. That brief thought triggered another wave of need and Chris sat more upright and brought his legs nearer. He tried uncrossing his legs but that seemed to somehow tell his body that it could relax more meaning his bladder pushed down towards his urethra and Chris found himself bouncing a knee unconsciously. He immediately swung that leg over the other and tightened his muscles.

Progress was slow both with the journey and Chris’s internal struggle. A steady throb continually reminded him he had to piss soon but it was manageable, tolerable even, and with his legs crossed he felt confident he could hold on until home. That was until his female fellow passenger opened her handbag and took out a bottle of water, unscrewed the lid and took a big gulp. The swashing of the bottle, the watching it run into her mouth and the splash as she tipped it back down to put the lid back on seemed like torture and Chris twisted his body towards the window slightly and gave his crotch a rub. He looked out the window but the relentless dripping of water down the window was ever bit as bad as the bottle of water had been.

The bus pulled into another stop and more passengers got on. This meant it was now standing room only with wet clothing, collapsed unbrellas and water dripping down covers on buggies. Chris noticed an older lady standing and after shifting again in his seat he decided to do the gentlemanly thing and caught her attention.

‘Please take my seat. I’m getting off soon anyway.’

He clambered over the lady beside him who hugged her handbag close and breathed in to make it easier before she shuffled to the window to make room for the older lady.

The lady smiled and thanked him and Chris held onto the ceiling handles to steady himself. He’d hoping standing might take his mind off his bladder but it had the opposite effect entirely. He moved from foot to foot awkwardly trying to hide the fact he so desperately needed to pee.

People rarely spoke on buses, at least that was his experience, but the elderly lady seemed to ignore that.

‘You cold son?’ She asked curiously as Chris continued to shift around despite being highly embarrassed.

‘Mmmm. No I’m fine thanks.’ He muttered rather embarrassingly then looked away.

He had to stop moving before people realised what was wrong. He slipped a hand in his pocket to try and reach his aching penis to squeeze it whilst making a huge effort to stop moving around. It was not enough though as a strong urge to pee came over him forcing him to squeeze his legs and thighs tightly before crossing his legs again, which looked much more awkward standing than it did sitting.

He still had four stops to go until home but Chris was sweating. He’d been bursting for almost an hour and his body was getting tired from holding. Those two pints, combined with copious other drinks before that, had taken him to his limit. He bend forward and pressed the bell to alert the driver he wanted off. Hopefully walking would help stop him wetting himself and at least he wouldn’t have an audience to hide from.

He stepped off the bus and was glad to see it pull away. He pulled his hood up to shelter from the rain and gave himself a squeeze before heading home. Walking was a bit distracting and with only the dim light from streetlights it was less embarrassing rubbing his thighs and crotch as he briskly walked. Another strong urge caused him to stop and cross his legs tightly. Oh how badly he needed to piss now. He looked around, his mind frantic to find a bathroom.

Asda! How could he have possibly forgotten about Asda? He quickly looked across the road and with one hand grabbing his crotch for dear life he ran across the road and down the small lane into the warm bright store. He raced along the row of checkouts feeling his piss right at the very tip of his penis. Disabled, baby change, ladies...why did the bloody gents have to be the furthest away?

Chris pushed the door open with his back with both hands squeezing his crotch for dear life. As he turned his body tears of relief formed in his eyes as he saw the most inviting, heavenly, beautiful sight ever created: a urinal. Chris ran over, doubled over, feeling his underwear dampening as he unzipped his jeans and fished for his penis, which was slowly but steadily leaking. He pulled it out, aimed, and used his other hand to steady himself as his piss shot out fiercely and strongly. Chris felt a little dizzy from the intense relief and the power at which he was pissing.

He sighed and panted. ‘Oh my God, that’s so much better!’

*005*2019-11-30 18:28

{{8 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Very well told, although I was quietly hoping he’d lose control before he got there.

}}

Plenty more to come yet so stay tuned

