The holiday girl!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-06-16 18:43

Mike has two weeks holiday and wants to go for one week to a swimming lake in his country.

He has actually has not a girlfriend but he doesn’t want to spend his holidays alone , therefore he looked at a agency for a escort girl for one week.

Mike lovers the girls very young, just between 18 and 19 years.

He loves them not extreme skinny, but very slim, with firm small breasts, slender well shaped legs and a flat bellies with light visible hipbones.

Furthermore should his escort girl have a large, robust and resilient bladder, inside her slim abdomen, because it is a extra turn on for Mike if a girl doesn’t use the loo for very long periods of time.

He was hoping that he will get some opportunities to make the girl hold her wee during that week.

Moreover he has a special desire for exotic girls.

The catalog of the agency offered a lot of pretty girls in different ages and with different bodies, but there was one of the girls that seemed made especially for him.

He did know that will be very expensive holidays for him, but he always dreamed about to „own „ a girl and to spend time with her.

He made a contract with the agency and was very excited already days before the girl arrived.

At the special day he picked her up at about 9 am from the airport.

She looked absolutely great for him, pretty and natural .

No makeup, no silicon, no spurted lips, she was just a natural pretty girl with a natural body.

She did wear a very short summer dress and did show a lot of her sexy, naked legs.

After she kissed him for welcome on his cheeks, they went to his car.

She was sitting beside him and her short dress was far up on her wonderful slim thighs.

Mike had one hand on the steering wheel and the other on „his“ girls tight.

His hand was up near to her panties. He was allowed to do that, she was „his“ girl for one week.

After he brought her and her luggage to his home, she asked for a shower.

Mike went with her to and in the bathroom and helped her strip her clothes. There was not much help necessary, she did only wear a dress and little white panties.

Her slim body was perfect and absolutely gorgeous for Mike’s imaginations.That sight waked up his urge to fuck her, but he didn’t, he wanted to wait, he wanted to stay horny!

He took a towel and dried up all parts of her wonderful body. He dried her up from her beautiful face down to her smooth shaved cunt, but not the inside of her girl slit, the inside should stay moist.

In the bathroom was the toilet as well, but she didn’t use it.

She was a good girl, she did not wee!

After that, they went to the city for a good lunch.

At late afternoon Mike noticed that the girl was needing to wee. It was not really visible, maybe nobody else would have noticed that, but he has a special sensor for girls who are needing to the loo, because he was turned on so much about a girl who is needing to wee.

She didn’t say even one word about her urge and she didn’t ask for a loo the entire afternoon.

At evening, at the dinner it was getting more and more obvious that she was needing to wee, but she still didn’t say something and she did her best to hide her need.

Maybe that still nobody else except Mike would have noticed that, because she did hide it very good.

Mike was already very horny about the situation. It was turning him on very much to see how the girl pressed her sexy thighs together and to think about that she didn’t wee the entire day.

He had to talk about it. „Do you need to go to the loo“? asked Mike.

“Yes, i would, but sorry that i show it to you.“ said the girl.

“And why don’t you not go?“wanted the guy know?“

“Because you didn’t give me permission.“ she said.

“But i didn’t ban you to piss. Why do you need my permission to go to the loo“?asked Mike with a boner in his pants.

“You can’t know that, but the rules in our country say that we girls are not allowed to go to the toilet when we are together with a man. In our culture is it usually that girls hold their wee until they are at home, no matter how full they are and no matter how urgently they would need to go.

We don’t even have public toilets for ladies in our cities.

We are trained to hold it and we are accustomed to have our bladder full.

Boys can pee, girls have to hold it!! That is very simple.

Especially at service and escort business is it not allowed to leave the customer alone just for doing a wee and sorry again that i didn’t show you my need, that is unprofessional.“ answered the girl.

“You don’t have to be sorry, you have not been at the loo even once at the entire day, your poor bladder must be very, very full after such a long time.“ said Mike full of lust about that imagination.

“Oh yes, my bladder is really very, very full, i didn’t have a wee since yesterday evening.“ answered the girl.

“Oh my god, how can you endure that? Is that not painful to hold the wee back for so long?

I admire you for your bladder control and your ability to hold it for so long.“ said the guy, horny as hell about the knowledge that she didn’t wee for so long and about the imagination how big and how full her bladder must be.

“ It is not extraordinary for us girls not to pee for 24 hours and sometimes for longer, but today i had a lot of drinks during the day.“ answered the girl.

It would be so easy for Mike to let her to the loo for making a much needed wee, but he didn’t, he wanted to enjoy to be together with a young girl who didn’t pee for longer than 24 hours.

He didn’t want to loose much time at the restaurant, he wanted to bring her home as soon as possible for to „play „ with her and with her big overfilled bladder.

After arriving at home, he stripped her a second time this day and laid her in his bed.

She didn’t wee since 26 hours, her belly was swollen and her bladder was visible bulging out of her slim abdomen between her hipbones.

Mike stated to caress her belly and pressed soft on her so very full bladder.

The girl moaned from needing to wee so badly, but she did let him do it.

„You are really very full down there! Unbelievable that such a slim girl like you is able to hold so much wee inside her.“ he said and pressed harder.

“I am trained to do that.“ she said and asked silently „ will you let me wee before sleeping“?

He could not believe what he heard, did she think that she really was able to hold it back until tomorrow, would she really be able to stand it not to piss for 10 hours or longer?

He would love it so much to tell her that she should wait until tomorrow, but he didn’t want to overburden her and her bladder on the first day, therefore he said „i will let you wee before sleeping, but not before i have sex with you.“

„That will be not easy to make love with you with my bladder that full.“ she said.

“You can do it, you are a good girl, you are a real bladder queen.“ said Mike and lay his body on top of a girl which had not urinate since longer than 26 hours.

The poor girl breathed heavy because of the extra torture from outside.

“I think that we will have a great week next week!“ said Mike and kissed her.

*001*2025-06-19 22:01

Mike was still on top of the girl and thought at her very full bladder and imagined how urgently she must need to piss after holding her urine back for 26 hours.

His big, hard penis was between their bellies and he moved his body in a way that he pressed his boner more or less on her swollen, bulging bladder.

The girl groaned silently about how much her poor bladder was getting tortured. She clenched all her muscles as hard as possible to keep all her wee inside her.

A full girlbladder was turning Mike on since he can remember and a girl who was needing to piss made him hornier than anything else.

He had to stop to press and rub his dick on the girls firm bladder, because he was close to cum.

He wanted to „play“ with the girl for some hours longer and her bladder should be his sextoy.

Mike lied beside her and caressed her wonderful, slim, smooth body.

He wanted to stay extreme horny, he wanted to talk about pee holding and about the rules in her country, which don’t allow girls to piss in presence of men, where girls are not allowed to use the loo in presence of men and where are no public toilets for women in the down.

„ Would you really be able to wait until tomorrow for to piss, would you be able to hold it back until tomorrow“? asked Mike.

“If i would have to, i had to be able!“ answered the girl.

“How are you doing this, no girl can hold it forever, that must hurt you, that must be painful to hold it back for so long and to overfill the bladder so much!?“ asked Mike.

“Sure that it can get painful when i don’t get a chance to pee for sometimes over 30 hours, but we girls are trained to hold it and we are trained to endure some bladder pain and that is not every day the case.“ answered the girl.

“30 hours is a real good performance.“ said Mike and asked her if the customers know that she didn’t pee for so long.

She told him that it is very different, some guys don’t even think about that girls need to pee sometimes.

Some men notice when we spend a long time together that we girls never piss and some ask if we don’t need to pee after such a long time, like you asked me before.

When we say that we would, then they let us go.

And then there are guys they don’t let us go, because they like to see us suffer a strong urge. Sorry if i say that, but i think you are one of them, you like it to torture my bladder.“answered the girl.

“Oh yes, you are absolutely right, i love it that you have not pissed for so long and i love your big overfilled bladder.“ said Mike and caressed her bulging bladder tender.

„I am amazed that you never heard about our country and that you never been there.

Many of the guys comes for the reason to see us girls suffer from needing to piss.

Nearly every girl has her bladder full at the evening, because they don’t get a chance to pee from leaving her home until she gets back home.

Girls at the office, sales girls at a store and especially waitresses and bartenders had to serve sometimes a very long shift without a permission to piss.

The guys know that and some of them loves it.“ said the girl.

“ Sorry, but this is turning me on so very much, i can’t stop to talk about it. You didn’t piss since 27 hours, how bad to you have to go? Does it hurt? What is your longest period of time without a piss?“ asked Mike.

“So many Questions at once. I don’t have to go, i need to go very urgent, but i don’t „have“ to go, i still can hold it.

My urge is a little bit painful, but not unbearable.

My longest time without a pee was about 36 hours.

One of my colleagues young as well, not even 19, was rented from a sadistic guy for a entire weekend, he didn’t let her to the toilet all the weekend, he didn’t let her piss not even a single time from Friday evening until Sunday evening.“ said the girl.

*002*2025-06-22 13:17

„Unbelievable that a girl can endure not to pee for a whole weekend.” said Mike.

”Yes that was really bad for her. Last time she peed was Friday evening before she left her home to meet that sadistic guy.

No wee before sleeping on Friday evening, no wee on Saturday morning, no wee before sleeping on Saturday.

She was needing to pee already very bad and very urgently, the guy did know that very well, but he didn’t tell her to take a piss and therefore she was not allowed to do it.

Sunday morning was her need so painful and her bladder so much hurting that she had to beg for a much needed pee, but the guy didn’t let her go to the bathroom, he didn’t let her piss, because he wanted to see her suffer.

He did take here for sight seeing and then for lunch.

At afternoon could the girl no more walk, she could not even stand upright from needing to piss so frantic. Her bladder was stretched so much that she was afraid that it would burst at any moment.

He brought her back to the hotel. All her belly was hurting from needing to piss so bad , but he still didn’t let her to the loo.“ said Mikes girl.

“ That must have been so much torture for the poor.“ said Mike and was aroused about that imagination how inhuman the girl must have needed to piss and how big her bladder must have been to contain all her urine from nearly two days. That thing in her abdomen must have been stretched minimum to double size from full, it must have been hard as a rock and it must had bulging out very, very much.

To hear that and to imagine it, was turning him on very much, but he did know very well as well that he would never be able to torture a girl so much, but on the other hand, the girl beside him was needing to piss as well very bad, but he didn’t let her to the loo because he loved to know that she has not weed for so long, he loved to know that she was needing to go very, very urgently and he loved to play with her so much overfilled bladder.

Mike had never before seen a girl with her bladder so full that it was visible in her slim and usually flat belly.

He caressed the girl, he kissed her and he could not resist to put his hand on her swollen belly and to press on her firm bladder.

“You are so pretty full down there, you are holding so much hot „girlwee „ inside you, i love it and i love your big, strong bladder.“ said Mike.

He lay now beside the girl and had one of his thighs on the girl’s belly and pressed soft on her bulging bladder.

He pressed more and more to increase her need and her urge.

The girl was moaning from needing to wee so bad, but she did let him torture her.

In her country are the girls made to enjoy boys and men. Some boys enjoy to to see the girls hold their urine and the girls have to be able to hold it, they have to be able to control their body and their bodily needs, no matter how long.

Mike pressed deep in the girls lower abdomen, the girl whined and moaned about pissneed.

“Is it that bad?? Tell me how bad? Tell me how it feels? How is your bladder, how much more can your bladder endure? How much longer can you hold it? How much longer can you stand it not to piss?

Until tomorrow? As long as your colleague?“ asked Mike.

So many questions and he didn’t her give a chance answer.

Mike was horny as hell, he glided one finger through her closed pussy lips.He pushed one finger deep inside her and then he started to fuck her hard and heavy.

The poor girls bladder was getting squeezed from inside and outside. She was near at the limit of her endurance, but she had to endure it, she is a girl from a country where girls are trained to endure.

After they were „ready „they went for a shower.

Mike washed the girl, especially her swollen belly and her still bulging bladder, sure her slit as well.

At the way outside of the bathroom looked the girl with begging eyes to the toilet bowl.

At the way to the living room she asked with silent voice „ may i wee please before sleeping, i am needing to go so unbelievably bad?!! May i??“

“First we drink a glass of champagne, for a great holiday week.“ said Mike and opened a bottle.

Two glasses and one hour later led Mike the girl to the loo.

The two extra glasses champagne was getting extra painful for her, she could not even stand straight and upright anymore, but she was still able to hold it, she didn’t even lose one single drop.

As soon as she was at the bowl, as soon as she was allowed to open her cramped sphincter she piss with high pressure for unbelievable long.

What a girl, what a bladder, what a bladder control!!!

Than they went to the sleeping room and slept until the morning.

I think Mike dreamed about the next week with this girl and about what he will to live with her.

*004*2025-06-23 20:12

{{1 hour ago, wether said:

I love the idea of a country where girls is not allowed to pee when she's with a man. Despite her holding time seems a bit unrealistic, it's a good story. A girl with a full bladder is arousing!

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

I love the imagination as well that there is a country where girl are not allowed to pee when they are together with a man.

Boys and men can go whenever they want, but girls and women have to hold their urine until they are at home, no matter how long it will last.

The imagination that a mixed group of girls and boys spend a day together, the boys go to the toilet, for example to a public urinal, the girls have their bladders full as well, but have to wait outside until the boys are ready.

Maybe the boys piss a second time, behind some bushes or anywhere, but the girls have to suppress their strong urge, because in this country is it not usually that girls pee when they are together with boys. This imagination is pretty exciting and arousing.

Like you wrote “a girl with a full bladder is arousing.”

I absolutely agree with you, the “holding time” should be realistic.

Not to pee even once the whole weekend will be impossible for every girl.

There is a different between imagination and reality and it is more turning on if the time is long, but realistic.

At my youth i had a girlfriend who did hold it a lot of times longer than 24 hours.

Sometimes 27 or 28 hours, but never 30 hours.

I think that we would spend our holidays in a country where the girls are not allowed to wee in presence of guys!?

