Eaks-2: A Man's Needs

Author: Mickey

*000*2019-04-22 08:58

This is a continuation of my first story in the Eaks Universe.

If you haven't read that, you can still read this as a standalone - but reading in order might be more enjoyable ...

Episode-1: Prologue

Jordan wasn't one of those men who avoided "the dirty public loos", or thought men's needs are somehow "indecorous" - he would gladly relieve himself given a chance. But days like today, Jordan was grateful for his large bladder. While most of his friends had spend half the day waiting in line for the measly few porta potties, he had happily explored the festival along with his best friend, Kyle, and his girlfriend, Di. Di had made frequent runs to the urinals, waltzing in and out of the privacy barriers, no waiting involved. But him and Kyle had waited as long as they could before taking a pee break.

Though they had guzzled beer from 9am, they waited as long as they possibly could to break the seal. Jordan was almost pissing himself when they joined the bathroom queue at 2pm. When he finally reached the coveted blue box, he couldn't even wait to lock the door, fumbling with unlacing the tight underwear, finally freeing his poor aching penis. He had been much more circumspect next time, joining the queue before he became utterly desperate. He had taken a hard long piss at 3:30pm, just on the cusp of desperation, his body very grateful to flush out the hours worth of beers.

Pee Breaks are a delicate balancing act - if a man went to pee everytime he needed to, he would spend the entire festival in the bathroom queue. If he didn't though, well, let's say not all men left the bathroom lines dry. That balancing act meant at 5pm, he was sipping on a lager and resisting the urge to join the bathroom queue again. The festival closed at 5:30pm - he wanted to piss right before leaving if he could. A 3hr journey on a coach without a restroom would be hell anyway, but it would be worse if he didn't pee right before leaving.

But before they could finish their lager, the girls had come around to collect everyone. "Time to leave folks! This festival will be over soon, and if we don't leave now, we'll be stuck forever in the parking lot. Come on y'all, no dilly dallying now. Drink up, drink up fast". He had obediently downed his lager and shuffled his feet, wondering how to bring up a quick rest stop. He didn't want to talk to the girls about it, but Jadon knew waiting 3 hours in his inebriated state would be nigh on impossible.

He was about to whisper his needs to Di, when he noticed all but one porta potty had a cleaning sign on, and the one functional one had a long line of men waiting. It would take at least half an hour to get anywhere. The girls would surely complain bitterly if they were made to wait that long. And all the other boys had gone around half an hour ago, only him and Kyle stupidly deciding to spend more time chatting and drinking than waiting in the queue. Damn. And Kyle wasn't making any moves to ask for a rest stop - he didn't even look like he needed to. Holding up the whole bus, for his own need? Not cool.

As they neared the parking lot, all the women made their way to the nearby urinals "for a final piss". No one asked any of the men if they needed to relieve themselves before boarding. Jadon cursed the organizers for putting up only a measly few porta potties - there were urinals everywhere! Couldn't they have replaced a few with potties?

Ugh! No use getting worked up. Whoever said it's a fair world? He'll just have to trust his bladder and wait. As the men boarded the bus, Jadon resigned himself to a long, uncomfortable journey.

Sorry about this being so short! I am having a lot of trouble writing the next 'episode' (because I am trying to write one where Di teases Jadon about his desperation - and that's very outside my comfort zone). May be having the first episode out will be extra motivation! * Fingers crossed *

*002*2019-04-25 19:07

{{On 4/22/2019 at 8:22 PM, luckymon2 said:

That kind of stuff really gets me lol, so so freaking hot.

}}

Me too! The mouth-watering injustice of it all! [Horny-me is a terrible person. I promise I am not like that IRL]

Thank you so much for telling me exactly what you liked! It's comments like this I look forward to. The next part will be up in 15mins or so! Hope you enjoy the long-drawn desperation (and I really hope I haven't overdone it!)

*003*2019-04-25 19:38

@Bangarang once asked me, long ago, to write a story about an utterly desperate man and a girl teasing or encouraging him about his full bladder. Well, this is what comes to mind. This isn't my usual jam, but what the hell, life is no fun if I don't try new things I hope it came out okay!

Episode-2: The Long Wait

Half an hour in to the ride, Jordan really regretted not begging everyone to wait. His bladder had continued filling steadily and the "urge" was changing to full blown desperation. He had his legs crossed and jiggling, but it wasn't enough to distract him from the growing pressure in his abdomen. He just crossed his legs tighter. What else was there to do?

Di suddenly whispered "You look very cute when you need to pee"

"What?"

She was pointing at his crossed legs. "And you bite your lips in the cutest way possible". She kissed his bitten lower lip for good measure.

Jordan blushed. He couldn't believe he had been so obvious about his need. Turning his girl on was great and all, but this was embarrassing. He quickly uncrossed his legs, ignoring the stabs of pressure against his spinchter.

"I am fine really"

"Oh really? So you wouldn't mind if I told you about my trip to the Niagra Falls last summer?"

Di went on to describe the falls, the sound of gushing water, the strong stream flowing over the cliff, how the water flowed without resistance, forced out of the gorge, how the river unloads itself. Jordan tried to not react, he really did, but a man has needs after all. Within 10 minutes he had his legs crossed again, begging Di to stop.

"Oh, so now you do need to pee?"

"Yes" he acknowledged shamefacedly. "I needed to even before we boarded the bus. I really do now"

"Aww, poor baby! Do you need to go pee pee very badly?" she teased in a high pitched voice.

"Yes. But I am fine for now. Just, no more water talk, okay?"

"Okay" Di smirked. "For now."

5 minutes later, Jordan was back to fidgeting. He was officially desperate. The beers had gone straight through him. Under normal circumstances, he would be making a beeline for the nearest men's room. On any normal trip, he would be looking for the nearest rest area and demanding a comfort break. But they had chosen to avoid the actual highway because they were too cheap to pay tolls (and a penny saved on toll is a penny spent on beer). Unfortunately, he was quite sure there were no rest areas on these obscure back roads - men get in to the habit of noticing these things. He and his aching, pounding bladder will just have to wait. For more than two. fucking. hours. He couldn't even imagine how much worse this will get.

Normally holding his waters for 4.5 hours would be no problem. He could wait double that time with ease, often did, with a crammed class schedule that left little time for waiting in queues. But with all the diuretic beer inside him? And after his seal was already broken? Fuck. Just 2 hrs in, and he was at the point where women stop searching and pop a squat. But a man must be made of sterner stuff. He will wait the 2.5 hrs. But how, is an open question.

He took a deep breath to steady himself - he needed a distraction. His girlfriend's newly revealed kink was a good enough one.

"Do you really like watching me, umm, like, like this?" He was blushing, and stuttering, well aware that the folks on the seat in front of theirs could probably hear everything. But he needed a distraction, and by God was this one!

"Yes. You just look so lovely and vulnerable!"

"So, you want me to be in this, uh, predicament?"

"Kind of. I really enjoyed the show in the morning you know. Your butt was moving on the barstool in the cutest way while you refused to break your seal!"

"You're insane!"

"Maybe"

Jordan was shaking his head. He couldn't believe a man's needs could turn anyone on. He needed to pee so badly too! His muscles were aching, still sore from the mammoth wait he had made them suffer before breaking the seal. He crossed his legs the other way. Not that it helped, but the movement masked his real intent - rubbing against the edge of the seat, getting the friction in just the right area. The urge receeding a tiny bit. It wasn't his first rodeo - he knew a few tricks!

"Ok, so tell me what you would like to do, now that I do really, you know, need to ..." he petered off. He really didn't want to discuss his private needs in other's earshot, but Jordan was excited. Strange feeling to have on a bursting bladder. But feeling like he was holding for his girl, rather than because he had absolutely no other choice, was helping his muscles somehow.

"Are you sure about this? J, I don't want you to hurt - I do enjoy watching you when you need to piss, but I really hate it when you're in pain"

Jordan was nodding frantically. He needed a distraction. This was a distraction. And if he had to wait through the immense pain that was a beer filled bladder, well, at least someone could enjoy it.

"Ok, tell me how you feel?"

"Like I have a water balloon inside me. A balloon that has way too much water, the walls stretched thin. See through." Jordan whispered. He was being dramatic for effect, he could see Di was excited by it. But it wasn't too far from the truth. He was trying to keep his voice down, a blush spreading over his cheeks. He knew Kyle sitting in front of them could hear every word, but then it was Kyle. They had been best friends since elementary school! And Kyle must need to pee at least as badly! He hadn't even accompanied him on his second trip. There could be no shame from him! And truth be told, he really didn't have the mental strength to worry about anything other than the massive ball of piss inside him. He would rather concentrate on turning on Di.

Di had her hand over that massive ball of piss now. And was pressing down. Fuck. He twisted his legs, grinding his thighs together and bent double, concentrating on his breathing, trying to shut the escape route his bladder was desperate to open.

"What was that for!?"

"Oh, does my baby need to pee too badly?"

"Yes, Di! I am dying here"

"Well, you can still hold a lot. Your bladder does not even feel rock hard yet." She gave it a good poke to prove her point, sending a jab of pain through his bladder. And his bladder was fucking hard. Just may be not rock hard. Yet.

"It will be soon. I can feel the piss rushing in to it."

Di continued poking and prodding his ever hardening bladder, inspecting it's fullness and talking dirty to him. He could feel the organ bulging outwards, straining against the wasitband of his jeans. Just halfway in to the ride, Jordan was frantic. He couldn't sit still any more. Seeing Di's obvious arousal was helping, but not much. She continually teased him, poking him in the most sensitive areas while telling him about fishing trips on the river, pissing over the rim of a boat, the pleasure of relieving yourself! Every word was torture and he groaned aloud.

Then she suddenly tickled him. He squirmed away, or tried to. The jolt to his bladder was really painful. He could feel his muscles relaxing as he laughed, and had to push down directly on his lap to keep control. Letting his hand grind his dick to the seat felt so good! Like forcing a pipe shut. Rubbing himself surreptitiously against the seat wasn't doing it anymore. As Di traced his now rock hard bladder, whispering in his ears about how sweet it would feel to finally let it flow, a shiver went up his spine. It was a wave of utter desperation rocking him, the dull ache that had plagued him for the past 15 minutes replaced by sharp stabbing pains in his lower abdomen. His bladder was running out of space, and Di's teasing was making it nearly impossible to hold.

"Di, I don't know how long I can take this. I, I am really really desperate." Jordan finally confessed defeat. There was still one and a half hours to go. He didn't think he could go on.

"Oh come on! You're not a kid. You can wait!" Di teased. "Or do you have a tiny bladder?" It was almost a challenge, but Jordan was in too much need to rise up to the bait. A man's needs are often ignored, but they are no less sharper or urgent than a woman's!

As he bent forward to stave off a leak from his poor overflowing bladder, he decided to be honest. "Di, I am almost pissing myself. I really don't know if I can wait another one and a half hours. I have never needed to pee this badly"

"Hey you'll make it!" Di was immediately encouraging, the teasing tone disappearing. "I have seen you wait a whole day! Remember that time we went fishing? We were out for ten hours, and you didn't even bat an eyelid. When we got back to shore, the toilets were locked, and you insisted on waiting till we got home! You are brilliant at this babe, you'll be fine. You're doing great!".

Jordan didn't say anything, trying to surreptitiously give himself a nice long squeeze.

"And that time we hiked to the beach? You needed to pee from mid day! But you waited till we got to the loos at the start of the trail!?"

"I didn't have litres of beers in me then, did I?" Jordan finally burst out, a little harsher than he intended.

"I know" Di was rubbing his shoulders, trying to massage the tension out of him "But it is less than an hour and a half this time. You'll be fine baby"

"I have never been this desperate before Di" he whispered. "Not even that time our car broke down." That was a painful memory. Breaking down in the middle of nowhere after a long non stop ride with Kyle. And then waiting for the rescue truck to turn up. He had come closest to pissing himself that day. When the rescue truck arrived, he had been doing an all out pee pee dance. Luckily the male driver understood and sympathised, and drove them straight to the nearest rest area, where he peed up a storm worthy of the sixteen hours of liquids he had held on. The memory of that orgasmic relief wasn't helping him wait now. He pretzeled his legs and prayed for relief. Somehow. Anyhow. But none was forthcoming. The coach was bathroomless, the road with no rest areas and no cover, and the pressure in his nether regions merciless.

Di was still whispering encouragements, about how he had made it even that time though he had needed to pee so badly, but Jordan knew his body was fast approaching it's limits. It was all the beer.

"Alcohol makes it really difficult to wait you know. All those beers are looking for a way out under there"

"I know sweetie. I need to piss too. Quite badly actually." Now that Di mentioned it, she did have her legs crossed, sitting in a rather stiff posture. But she was a woman. If worst came to worst, she had an out.

As Jordan rocked backwards and forwards, he couldn't stop himself saying "But if you can't wait, you will ask the driver to stop". He bit his lips hard, drawing blood, as he ground his thighs together. His rock hard bladder really didn't have any more room dammit! How much beer could a man be expected to hold!? As the need subsided to an urgent dull ache, he managed to finish his sentence in a broken voice -"What happens if I can't wait?"

Jordan sounded lost, lost in his desperation, the utter hopelessness of his situation - a man in urgent need, stuck without any means of relief. Di was rubbing soothing circles on his lower back, trying to get him to calm down. It was a futile effort.

"Babe, it will be okay, I promise."

He wanted to believe Di, he really did. But with the pain he was in, it was hard to believe anything. Oh, why didn't the stupid coach have a restroom!? "I hope so!" was all he could manage, in a strangled voice, toe-curling desperation racking his whole body, bringing every bit of his conscious thoughts to focus on one single muscle.

Both of them fell silent, Jordan needing every bit of his concentration to keep the flood in, and Di trying to force herself to sleep to escape the agony of a full bladder. Hers was nowhere near as full as Jordan's, but she was far less accustomed to having to wait for relief. She crossed her legs tighter and leaned back, closing her eyes. If he could wait, she certainly could.

Jordan stared at the seat back before him, while he held himself through his pocket and hoped it was enough. A few minutes later he noticed Zoya look around, fidgety and nervous, rechecking her map. Probably looking for company to demand a 'pee break for the ladies'. Jordan's heart shrank at the thought - every minute was of the essence here! If he had to wait, and watch, the women relieve themselves, he didn't know what he would do. When the girl from the third row got up, hands between legs, he knew what was coming even before Zoya and Rita joined them. He clutched himself a bit tighter.

He saw Di opening her eyes as the angry voices from the driver's cabin floated back to them. He tried to keep his voice light he said "looks like the women's room is here". Di gave him a sympathetic grimace, while crossing her legs the other way. As the bus finally stopped and the girls started jumping off from the bus, barely moving a few steps before popping a squat, Di looked at him seriously - "Will you be okay?"

"I don't know". His legs were crossed as tight as they would go. That'll just have to do.

"I feel so bad. I know you must need to pee worse than I do, but yet, here I am thinking of taking a piss, while you have to wait". She did look guilty about it. But it wasn't her fault he couldn't pee. He had heard Rita's emphatic exclamation of "they're more than welcome to join". That had gone straight to his bladder, tempting it to join the orgy of relief. But no, he couldn't do that. Neither Rita nor Di might think worse of him, but Society would. A man just had to wait. But again, not Di's fault.

"Go on, no reason why both of us should be uncomfortable. I can't do anything about mine, but you can relieve yourself. So go on!"

"I am sorry. I can stand guard for you?

Jordan shook his head curtly. No, he wouldn't even consider humiliating himself this way. He was a grown ass man. He would wait. No matter how hard, how painful it got. Or he would wet trying.

As Di made her way to join the other girls pissing openly all around, Jordan shuddered from the force of his desperation. Seeing all those women peeing with abandon, their piss foaming and frothing on the asphalt, golden streams flowing out from under their skirts, hearing their moan of contentment - just made his own need so much worse! Oh why did he have to have a penis! If only he could hide himself behind a skirt and let go! Oh what he wouldn't give to let this painful throbbing ball of hot pee out!

Author's Note - I would love to know what's working and what's not for you guys. Did you enjoy this long drawn out description? Or was it too much? Would you like to know what goes on inside the bus while the women pee outside? Or are you ready to cut to the chase, and read how this one ends?

*007*2019-04-26 11:22

{{12 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

I'm not usually too into teasing but you did a good job with it.

}}

Thank you! Honestly I am not in to teasing either, so I wanted to incorporate the teasing in to stuff I am into. Decided that using the teasing to get Jordan to talk about his need was a good compromise. I suck at integrating dialog in to my third person narratives, but the teasing scenario was a really good excuse for pee-related conversation

{{12 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

I also liked how she went from teasing to being sympathetic once his need got really really bad

}}

Yeah, I couldn't bring myself to write a cruel girlfriend, and writing a man who actually enjoyed being teased on a full bladder was way beyond me. So sympathetic girlfriend it is. If you think Di was nice here, wait till the final chapter is out She'll be the princess in shining armour, if I have my way

{{12 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

I just love the world's implication that guys can always wait.

}}

I am so happy that got across! In this world, girls are often expected to be able to wait, no matter what. I really wanted to bring that dynamic across. [All the incidents mentioned are actually story lines I started writing for the Eaks universe, and then nuked. I thought they deserved an honorable mention somewhere and this was the perfect fit!]

{{12 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

Overall I loved the long build-up

}}

Thank you for saying so! This is what I wonder about my fics most often - do I overdo the description of desperation? I mean there is only so long a person can be "utterly desperate" and not pee uncontrollably And there are only so many ways of talking about it. But I am glad you're enjoying it and think it stuck the right balance.

{{12 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

The whole ending part was just amazing

}}

Aww, thank you! I really do get off on potty-inequality, and honestly this was the one scene all my outlines about the Eaks universe always had. A reasonably desperate woman taking a very public piss, while a much more desperate man has to wait, and hear her relief. And I am so glad you're picking up on the breadcrumbs about the universe I throw in! An important part of my Eaks fantasy is the sheer ease women have wrt bladder needs, contrasted with the men's lack of access. So imagine my happiness when you picked up on the one line referencing how Di wasn't used to ever having to wait!

{{12 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

And tbh not many stories and writers do it for me because not many omo writers capture my kinks in stories that good, and because of that I usually only stick to like 8 writers on this site, but none of them are really active right now except you so I'm super grateful! Keep up the great work : )

}}

* Blush blush * I am happy to supply

And a huge thank you for taking the time out to provide such detailed comments! I love 'em!

*008*2019-04-26 11:30

{{9 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic I cant wait to read more

}}

I think this is your first comment on a male-only story of mine. Thank you for giving this a chance, and I am really glad to know you enjoyed it!

{{4 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Can’t describe what a turn on reading this is!!!

}}

That's the best compliment an erotica write can get! Thank you! There is one more (short) chapter of desperation, and then we shall have the inevitable flood

I hope you enjoy them!

*009*2019-04-26 11:56

Episode-3: Agony

It takes a lot of will power to hold on to litres of beers sloshing around in your bladder, pulsing, throbbing, trying to force their way out. It takes even more will power when you have already broken your seal, and still have to hold on to 3.5 hours of golden urine. You can feel the piss pushing against your spinchter, trying to pry their way out in to the world. You can feel a drop slide down your urethra, gliding down your length and glistening at the tip. You can feel your undies soak it in, and the temptation to just get it all go. But you can't. Not for another hour. Which might just as well be another day, or another year, because from the sheer pressure on that one tiny muscle tells you both are equally impossible.

Yet a man must garner the will power from somewhere. He must grit his teeth and wait, even when his eyeballs are floating in a sea of golden liquids. Jordan was well aware of the need to maintain dignity. Butt watching a group of women, some of his closest friends no less, brazenly relieving themselves on the side of the road, while he had to cross his legs and wait? That required impossible reserves of will power. Jordan's bladder was radiating wave after wave of pressure, trying to force his spinchter in to opening up, giving in to the long suppressed desire for relief. He couldn't stop the first spurt leaking in to his undies. It was a tiny spurt, but he knew it would be the beginning of the end. He had to make it to the college somehow. He just didn't know how. He gripped his penis tight, trying to squeeze the opening shut. It was just 60 minutes. He would do it.

Looking out the window, he could clearly see the golden streams flow out from underneath the women's skirts, smell the pee in the air, hear the hiss of strong streams, the splash of the first burst of pee hitting the asphalt, expelled out of stressed bladders with force - everything, everything was calculated to notch his desperation beyond the bearable. As woman after woman moaned in blissful relief, Jordan whimpered pitifully. Oh if only he could be pissing like that!

But there was absolutely no cover! Open fields on either side of the highway - not even a barn in sight. If there was a farmhouse he would go beg them to let him use their loo. But no, there was absolutely no possibility of relief for another hour, till they reached the college. Just the thought of holding on for another hour made the ache in his abdomen worse. Taking advantage of the lack of women in the coach, he gripped his dick hard with both hands and kneaded at the base, hoping to soothe the tired muscles.

Each second the bus was stopped, was one more second his much needed relief would be delayed! Why can't the girls hurry up? They have surely peed enough? Jordan was scissoring his legs, rocking back and forth, trying to settle his bladder down before the women got back on. All the boys were, in their own ways, using the brief privacy to compose themselves for another hour of waiting. There were some murmurs of discomfort, but mostly everyone was too embarrassed to do anything other than squeeze their legs shut.

"Kyle, I, I really can't wait. What should I do?" he sputtered out loud, as a drop of pee leaked past his death grip on his dick. Kyle, in the seat before him, turned around.

"I just can't wait Kyle. I need to pee so bad. It hurts. We are an hour away from college. I can't" he was nearly in tears now. He had vowed to wait, but what if he failed!? A grown ass man couldn't possibly wet his pants, could he? If you have no choice, you surely must be able to wait? But the drop of pee forcing it's way out in to his urethra begged to differ. He squeezed himself tighter as he wondered at Kyle's composure. That man must have a bladder the size of the Atlantic!

"What other choice do we have?" Kyle was saying, in a matter of fact voice.

"I don't know! Oh I wish I hadn't chosen these super skinny jeans today. My bladder can't even expand!"

"You could unzip them, probably give some room for expansion you know."

"I couldn't, I won't be able to zip them back up again!" he whispered in embarrassment. Even under this incredible pain, he couldn't give up on decorum - he would not expose his undergarments to random women passing by his seat. "Oh, why didn't we pay for a coach with a restroom?"

"Because the girls made the decisions. And needing to pee, but having nowhere to go, just doesn't enter their heads" for once, Kyle sounded distinctly frustrated. Jordan had never heard Kyle complain about needing to pee in his life, but may be now even he needed to?

"Kyle, will you be able to wait? For an hour?" he didn't know why he was asking, may be he wanted reassurance that he wasn't the only one on the verge of wetting himself? But he only got a typical stoic-Kyle "I'll just have to" as the girls made their way back to the coach, their sprightly gaits much different from the tiny steps they had taken on the way out.

Di took her seat beside him, looking distinctly happier, as the other girls settled down and the bus finally started again. Jordan couldn't have hid his need now even if he had wanted to. He continued rocking back and forth, hand crushed against his lap (oh no, a decent man doesn't hold his pee pee in public, even if he is almost peeing himself) as Di gently moved her hands over his lower back, trying to comfort him.

"You're doing great baby! Just an hour more"

"I, I" Jordan was sputtering. "I don't think I can wait a few minutes, let alone an hour" he finally got out, past his barriers of shame. "I am bursting. Now."

"Oh poor baby!" Di had one hand on his stomach, gently supporting his bulging bladder. She was still making encouraging noises, telling him he will make it.

But Jordan's dick was on fire. His bladder was throbbing and aching. Every part of his body was twisted together, toes curled inwards, hands balled in to fists, in an effort to hold on. He felt every movement of the bus as a jolt through the gallons of piss waiting in his poor bladder. He leaned backwards, giving his bladder as much room to expand as he could. It was pushing against his tight jeans, a bulge clearly visible even through the inflexible material of his skinny jeans. Oh if only he had worn something looser may be the pressure would have been bearable. (It wouldn't, but a man must hope!)

He was shaking from utter desperation now, his body racked by wave after wave of need. He leant forward and rubbed his dick as shivers ran through his body, propriety forgotten in the urgency of his need. Di was still muttering encouraging words, words which weren't helping.

"You will get to go soon" said Di. His brain screamed "Not soon enough! If any woman needed to pee half as bad she would have made the driver stop and released the waterfall". And the image of the waterfall almost made him burst then and there. He allowed his right hand to remain firmly on his lap, gripping the base of his dick, the picture of unsubtelty - praying he can hold on.

"You have done so great! It's just 50 odd minutes (it was 57). There is a men's room right at the parking area - you'll be empty in no time". His brain 'helpfully' supplied the image of 10 desperate boys, in a queue for the two stalls. No time, Di says! If, if, he made it through these 50 minutes, he would be last in line, the boys rushing in, while he can only wobble forward with his heavy piss filled bladder pulling him down, slowing his walk to the tiniest of steps, taken bent double. He would be last in line, as friend after friend pissed up a storm. He would hear them piss. He would hear them flush. He would hear them wash their hands.

He would surely pee in his pants.

A mangled scream escaped his throat, as his bladder continued to throb and pulse, a constant sharp ache accentuating his desperation. His valiant efforts to not wet his pants was definitely doomed. He let his left hand sneak inside his jeans, and cup his dick properly, his face twisted in to the picture of grim determination, as he tried to stave off the inevitable.

*012*2019-04-27 07:05

{{18 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Even better! Can’t wait for the last chapter!!

}}

{{15 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Will Jordan make it stay tuned in for the next chapter folks

Loved that chapter

}}

And the wait is almost over :-D The next chapter will be up in 15mins or so! Thank you for letting me know you're enjoying Jordan's predicament!

*013*2019-04-27 07:27

Episode-4: Bliss

"Baby, I'm gonna ask the driver to stop. You need to pee. These roads are deserted - we haven't seen another vehicle in since forever!", Di cajoled. She could see how much pain Jordan was in. He needed relief, now. Societal niceties be damned!

"You know I can't do that". The welled up in his eyes - the pain in his bladder was unbearable. It really hurt. He wanted to pee right now, he so badly wanted to, but men can't just pull their flies down, whenever and wherever. It just wasn't done. Yes he needed to piss, the sharp pangs from his abdomen hurt, bad. But to shamelessly pull out his dick, and just let it loose? Not even a bush to cower behind? Oh, he couldn't. He just couldn't. No matter how badly he needed to.

He shook his head a little more firmly, as a tear rolled down his cheeks. He didn't dare move his hands from his dick to wipe it away, so he let it roll down. Even that tiny bit of water rolling on his cheek was torture for the gallons of piss inside his bladder, waiting to roll out it's own waters. He couldn't stifle a sob as a large spurt leaked past his strong grip, rolled along the length of his dick, and landed in his undies. Another followed, and another, till even his absorbent cotton undies were soaked through, there was a tiny wet spot in his pants. He managed to stop then, but he knew it wouldn't last long. But he must wait. He just must.

Di was gently stroking his hair, murmuring soothing words. That's when he realized he was actually sobbing, kneading his dick, left hand inside jeans, and undies. He blushed deeply but he didn't dare stop. He was in pain, his urethra burning, his kidneys and bladder screaming in protest. But what could he do, other than bear it through gnashing teeth and pray his muscles last three trip? Gripping the base of his dick and stroking the length with a long finger was helping. Miniscule help, but help. It felt too good, and he tried to hold on to the feeling as another drop of pee entered his length, inspite of his efforts.

"Babe, you can't possibly mean that. You're in pain. You will hurt yourself. Please let me ask the driver" she whispered.

But he was adamant. Wetting his pants was a better option than putting on a show for anyone to see. Just then a car passed them, underlining his point that a man simply doesn't have the privacy to brazenly pee on a roadside. But his sobs were drawing attention, people were turning back to look at them - the men with sympathy and understanding, the women with curiosity writ large on their faces. He tried to sit up straight, compose his face, but the pressure and pain was just too great for anything else to hold his attention.

Di's death glare turned them all away anyway. Oh, how he loved this woman! Here he was, acting like a little boy who couldn't control his bladder, and she was fighting for him. Her brows were drawn together in concentration, as Jordan's pants developed a tennis ball size patch. His low moan-turn-sob apparently made up Di's mind for her.

"Ok, fine, no roadside. But I have a different idea."

She pulled out her oversized scarf from her bag and quickly tied it to the window bar and the handle in front of Jordan's seat and hers. She looked around, before deciding the rod between their seats was where she wanted to tie the other end. There was effectively a tent over Jordan's lap now - the scarf hanging down on the ailse side. He wondered what she was up to, as an extremely urgent wave of desperation almost undid him. He slipped his right hand inside his jeans too, the cover of the 'tent' and the force of his desperation making him less shy.

"Lean back and look out of the window, and do as I say. No one can see anything but the scarf." Di instructed as she rooted around her bag. Jordan had no idea how this was supposed to help him endure 50 more minutes of torture, when his body was already giving up, but he was too desperate to think. Every bit of mental strength had to be concentrated on that single muscle, valiantly holding back the flood. He looked out of the window, as another spurt made it's way past his exhausted spinchter. The leaks were coming fast now, he really didn't know if he could last the next 50 seconds, let alone 50 minutes. He was well and truly fucked. Why did they ever agree for a bathroom less coach, when going to a beer festival!?

Suddenly his bladder had room to expand, bulging out of the confines of his jeans. It reduced the pressure a bit, teeny tiny but oh so wonderful bit. He was so immersed in the tiny reprieve that he didn't start wondering how it had arrived till he felt Di's soft fingers on the waistband of his undies. What. The. Fuck?

Di's body was guarding the view for anyone on the ailse side, and the tent hid his own view but he was sure Di had unzipped his jeans and was now unlacing his undies.

"What are you doing!?" It came out as a strangled whisper.

"Well, you can't wait and you won't pee on the roadside because people may see. This way no one sees "

"What! I am not peeing on the floor of some bus! Wetting myself would be less embarrassing!" Jordan was shocked, and annoyed. How could she!?

"Not asking you to. I have a bottle. We'll just throw it away later. Come on, men have needs too, and we all must do what we must do."

"But people will hear!" And smell. And know what he had done. And talk!

"Not if we are quiet. And they'll know if you wet your pants too, and they'll talk worse. Come on, quit torturing yourself"

Di had managed to tug his undies off, and he could feel the cool lips of a plastic bottle on his tip. A long spurt escaped his death grip, but this time instead of his jeans, a bottle caught it. With the rattling of the bus, the sound wasn't very audible anyway. The tell tale smell of beer-filled piss coated the air. He stopped, but Di was whispering encouragement, telling him how much he deserves a piss after waiting so long, how relieved he would be, and soon he has no control as he pisses a strong stream in to the bottle, audible even over the rattle of the old coach.

He stops himself after 30 seconds of strong, hard pissing, cuts off the stream to a trickle and then just a drip, trying to regain control. He has some room in his bladder now, surely he can hold on, not embarrass himself further? He tries, he really does, but the aborted relief has left him desperate, bladder pulsating, insisting on more. He can't wait. He just can't. Having tasted relief, his body refuses to go back.

He is peeing, peeing with abandon, fucking finally! He leans in to the pleasure, biting back a moan as the pee shudders out of his body, Di still gently murmuring loving words. He is so totally lost in the pleasure that it takes a while before Di's urgent whispers reach his addled brain. "You need to stop. Now!". Shit, how small was the bottle?

He stops easily this time, bladder deflated, comfort restored. He isn't completely empty, but it feels so so good! He knows he can wait for the college restrooms now, easily. Actually, he'll just go at home - his friends would need that loo far more. He was ecstatic from relief as he laced his underwear back on, and zipped his pants back under the scarf. Ah, no pressure at all on his abdomen. This felt so so good!

"Should I look for another bottle?" Di was half joking, half serious, half awed.

"No, I am good. Thanks. Thanks, really. I love you!" The relief was clear in his voice, as Di capped the bottle under their makeshift tent. "Could have used that two litre soda bottle though" he half jokes.

"I did. And you nearly made it overflow"

Shit, he had really needed that piss!

Author's Note -- And, the end! So what did you guys think of the ending? I was toying around with the idea of writing an epilogue, when Jordan finally empties his whole bladder, but then decided against it. He has little pee left in him - so he'll make it home just fine, may be legs pressed together, but just fine, and enjoy his long awaited meeting with the toilet bowl. Instead of writing his epilogue I will probably write another story in this universe. Any particular character/situation you would like to see in that, let me know!

*018*2019-04-27 20:56

{{13 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Great ending!

}}

{{13 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was a fantastic ending for Jordan

}}

Thank you! I'm glad you enjoyed it ... I had initially planned a wet ending, but decided a sneaky piss was hotter. Glad to know you liked it!

{{6 hours ago, daisyduke said:

Wow one of the best male desperation storys that i red!!!

}}

* Blush blush * Why thank you!

{{7 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

The amount of times this story turned me on to the max have been countless and incredible lol and I don’t plan to stop revisiting the chapters just cuz you’re done with them ;).

}}

This is the best compliment ever! Thank you! I am really grateful for your long comments! You have no idea how inspiring they are!

{{13 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

When my (large) bladder has been badly distended for a long period after its been emptied it fills again within an hour but this time the urgency becomes far worse- I love the idea of him having to try to hold in a queue for the men’s room!!

}}

I have never really written a toilet-queue story before, though it is such a common omorashi theme. I was planning to remedy that in this universe, though the plan was to have only the other men in the queue. Now, I am thinking I'll add Jordan too - I didn't think of "bladder fatigue", but now that you mention it, I know exactly how to work that in So yeah, no epilogue, but my next Eaks story will probably be Jordan waiting in a queue for the men's room, pee dancing. Thanks for the idea!

{{7 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

I definitely wouldn't be opposed to an epilogue or more stories in this universe . Can’t wait for your future stories!

}}

I do think I'll write more stories in this universe It's been a lot of fun! Any specific situations you would like to read?

