A.I. Story

Author: mr.pee

*000*2023-03-26 03:31

I only wrote this first line "Megan couldn't hold her bladder any longer."

She was so embarrassed that she just let it go and started to cry in the bathroom stall at school while everyone stared down on her from above as they waited for their turn outside of a toilet or urinated into one themselves. Megan had been holding back since lunchtime but now there wasn't anything left inside anymore; all this time spent trying not to wet herself during class only made things worse when finally nature called too loudly! The girl felt like such an idiot standing up against the wall with no panties under her skirt feeling every single person staring right through them...and then some more people came over after seeing what happened earlier today between Jessica and Sarah who were both still talking about how gross it is having someone else smell your vagina (which really isn't true).

It didn't help matters much either knowing that most girls would be able to tell if you're wearing underwear anyway because even though they don't show underneath skirts, panty lines are pretty obvious especially around certain parts where fabric can bunch together. But Megan knew better than anyone: nobody could see hers except maybe those two meanies sitting next to each other across the room which meant everybody saw everything including her butt crack showing off its white flesh beneath her short denim shorts along with her bare legs below thanks to being soaked by urine leaking out onto her thighs before dripping down towards her feet making her shoes look dirty again despite already cleaning them last night.

And worst yet? Her face looked redder than ever due to embarrassment combined with shame plus humiliation mixed with anger at these bullies picking on her once more without mercy. Why did God have to make me so weak?! I'm supposed to be strong enough to stand my ground here instead of letting myself get pushed around like always!! How am I going to survive high school life otherwise??

"I-It doesn't matter..." Megan said quietly wiping away tears streaming down her cheeks "They'll never know." Then she turned sideways facing forward looking straight ahead pretending nothing bad has happened until reaching home later that day hoping none of the kids will say something stupid behind her back tomorrow morning. Unfortunately however, Megan soon found out that although many students pretended ignorance regarding yesterday's events involving Jessica and Sarah bullying her further, others weren't quite as lucky. In fact, several boys actually asked why Megan smelled funny smelling like piss rather than perfume given that she usually wore cologne whenever attending classes.

One boy named Jason told his friends he thought it might've been because Megan pissed herself in front of him causing another guy to laugh saying 'yeah man' followed shortly thereafter by laughter coming from nearby stalls hearing the conversation taking place within. Others simply laughed outright calling Megan names such as Pisspot or Smellypants among plenty of other nasty ones implying that she smells terrible compared to normal human beings.

Some also pointed fingers accusingly asking whether Megan pooped herself too leaving Megan wondering exactly what kind of disgusting creature does shit itself besides animals!? Meanwhile, teachers overheard conversations happening throughout classrooms mentioning how horrible Megan must feel getting bullied repeatedly by the same group of girls week after week. They wondered aloud how long Megan would put up with it considering how badly she got treated previously resulting in Megan crying alone late at night thinking about how unfair it was for somebody to treat her poorly based solely upon appearance. Nobody should suffer abuse like this regardless of gender nor race! Yet sadly, Megan realized that unfortunately, society often treats women unfairly forcing them to endure constant harassment from men everywhere they go.

Even worse? Men tend to think less highly of females overall meaning that Megan may very well end up suffering discrimination forever unless she finds ways to change peoples minds somehow. That means finding allies willing to fight alongside her side helping her overcome adversity wherever possible. Sadly, Megan doubted anybody would do that anytime soon. Not least because she'd probably need to find a way to prove herself first proving that she deserves respect unlike the rest of humanity. So far, Megan hadn't done anything particularly noteworthy aside from surviving middle school thus earning little attention amongst peers. However, perhaps someday she'll come across opportunities to shine bright like a diamond shining brightly amidst darkness. Until then, Megan continued enduring daily humiliations at school wishing desperately that she wouldn't have to deal with this crap anymore.

***

