A desprite flight

Author: macgyversgirl

*000*2019-08-21 19:15

18 year old mac had just started working for the phonix foundation. He had been paired with jack out in the filed. Were mac used his brains jack was the gun man.

Him and jack were waiting to broad a plane to head back home from thier first mission toghter. Mac counted wait to get on the plane as he really needed a wee. He had needed to go sevral hours ago but had put of going in order to get the mission over and done with and what kind of secret agent gose hang on a minit can we stop hunting down crinmals i need a wee that just seamed so childish.

This standing aroind waiting for the plane was not helping his need. He wasent like jack who would go anywere if the need arouse. Mac liked a toielt and some privicey.

He was using all his will power right now not to do a full on potty dance in frount of jack. He didnt want the older spy to make fun of him and it wasent like jack could help him anyways.

Mac nearly jumped for joy when the plane landed but his joy didnt last long when he relsised this plane had no bathroom due to it been a miltrey plane he didnt no how or if he was gonna make the 4hr joumery home.

Mac was beginig to drive jack mad with his paceing around the plane.

"will you sit down i cant watch you walking around for the next 3 and half hours " said jack

Mac was amazed how relaxed jack was how could he not need to go but then hes older then mac and had more experince as well.

Mac counted stop himself bending over at the waist trying to contain his liquied he felt like a little kid but it was so painful by now and he had to stop it from coming out he counted remember a time he had been so desprite in his life normaly he could find some were to go if thier was not a toielt around and he didnt want to embrass himself he would try and relax himself to go behind a tree but that was when he was out of site and when it was really really bad. how he wished he had a tree right now. jack looks at the kid and takes in his aprence he was about to ask what was wroung but having nices and nepthews he quikly worked out the problem but didnt understand how some one macs age could let it get this bad.

He tryed to work out what he could do for the kid as it was clear the kid was not going to make it back home with dry pants how ever hard he tryed.

Jack got up and went to the piloits area he new pilots had to pee and they had specile bags they kept in the cock pit for eminceys for when they counted land or somthing. jack told them the situation with mac and they handed him one of the bags and jack went back to mac.

"here you go" said jack holding out the bag to mac

"whats that" said mac thew gritted treeth

"its a pee bag thought u may need it"

Mac looked at jack horrfied at the thought that jack wanted him to go in that mac counted even pee in a bottle so how was he gonna be able to go in a bag.

"im fine" said mac trying to stand up straight and look normal but a stroung urge just hit him and he double over clutching himself again

"just go i wount even look if thats what you worried about its better then peeing your pants"

"i just cant" said mac

"why"

"i cant go unless in a toielt"

"oh your pee shy"

"no i just perfer convinces"

"when u got to go you got to go hoss i wount judge you for peeing in a bag"

All this talk of pee was making macs need worse and he could feel it strating to try and escape he crossed his legs tightly trying to keep it all in. another 5 minits slowly pasted and he felt a sudenr spurt escape damping his boxers he grabs the bag out of jacks hand and trys to undo his belt and trouers with out any more escapeing but trying to keep his inpending flood in and hold the pee bag it was litraully inpossible to do.

"let me help you" said jack he quikly undid macs belt and trouers then turn around and go to another part of the plan wistling so mac new he had pricey. mac pulled out his dripping peniouse and aimed it in the bag and let go he was worried the bag wounted hold it all but was amzed at how the spounge in the bottom just socked it all up he had never felt such relife in his life. he sorts him self out lets jack no he can turn around.

"fell better now"

"much"

"lets make a deal let me no when u need to go so we can come up with somthing befor it gets that bad again"

"ok" mac new it was going to be hard he never like letting people no so unfornally for jack thier may be more situations like this one.

