Carina’s imperfect day

Author: Midd

*000*2017-10-15 16:32

This is my first omorashi fanfic based on the latest pirates of the carribean movie! Specifically Karina! I plan to do all the parts of the movie with some omorashi woven in! Please read and comment!

@@anyway, on with the story!

Warning: small messing sectIon included

Carina Smith was not having what some might call a perfect day.

As she stood up to her cell door, trying desperately not to fidget whilst picking the lock on her cell, and the old priest who was clearly ogling at her breasts stammering on with her last rights, finally got round to finishing.

“..Any last words, my dear?”

Carina inwardly sighed

“I confess that I am innocent of being a witch, and I confess that whilst we have been talking, I picked the lock to this cell.”

As she said this she flung open the door, knocking the priest cold with a hit to the head.

‘And you confess to needing the privy’

Her brain thought, but she pushed that unimportant thought aside in order to focus on her escape.

As she made it to outside the asylum, Carina stopped to take stock of her surroundings, bending slightly at the waist to help compensate for the growing pressure in her abdomen.

‘First things first, find a way to get off this island, next.. nghh!’

Her thoughts were cut short with a sharp stab of pain from her bladder.

‘N-next I need a privy, and soon!’

She crept down the bustling market street jumping out of her skin as she heard a cry rise up from behind her.

“There’s the witch! Get her!”

She glanced round, to see some of the guards from the asylum trying to jostle their way through the crowd to reach her.

‘Damn that’s all I need!’

Carina thought, glancing towards some kind of gathering around this new ‘bank’

The governor has just finished building.

The glanced away towards an alley, seeing that as her most viable escape option, she ducked into the passageway, and as the halfwit males ran past her, Crossed her legs and bent over.

“Ooh”

She moaned as a wave of pressure crashed over her, actually, thinking about waves or water at all made her shudder, so she swept on down the alley in order to try and find a way out, but pausing as she saw a shop with a familiar sign hanging over the door.

Carina ducked in, staring in amazement at the gigantic telescope taking centre-place of the cluttered astronomy store she had wandered into.

‘This is perfect!’ She thought, as she strode over to the telescope, wincing as she went.

“Hopefully there is some sort of privy here too!” She muttered

Raising her eye to the telescope, the calculated the relevant star paths necessary for her ‘quest’, even saying it in her head seemed silly, but to carina it was her life long passion, the only thing linking her to the elusive father figure that abandoned her as a child.

She stood there desperately trying to not bob down and throw off the telescope with her need to alleviate her pent up bladder when she heard an exclamation from what she assumed to be the store clerk.

“Sir I have adjusted your telescope several degrees north and should have mended the problems with your map, although you must begin again.”

She said, hoping this would calm the little man.

“You’re a witch!” He cried, pointing his shaking finger at her

“no I’m not, am I witch for sharing your love of the stars?”

Carina huffed in exasperation.

“Witch!” was the answer given, carina closed her eyes an winced as the pressure to her bladder increased even more, turning away as to cross her legs and try to subside the urge to hold herself in front of the backward simpleton.

“ I simply need to purchase a chronometer”

She said, picking up a pocket watch. And turning to face the shaking gun of the clerk, just as a pirate burst through the shop door.

“There’s a pirate! There’s a witch and a pirate in my shop!”

The clerk said, practically fainting.

“Well it’s your lucky day!” the pirate replied, clearly drunk

“ now have any of the four of you seen my bank?”

Just as the front of the shop was swept away by another building, the shockwaves sending uncomfortable signals to carina’s poor and overstretched bladder.

“Ah there it is” the pirate said, rushing out of the shop with carina on her heels, wanting to get away from all the excitement and find a secluded place to empty her taxed bladder, forget a privy.

“Are you part of the plan?” The pirate asked.

“I’m not looking for trouble.” Carina supplied, ‘just a privy’ She thought, just as she ducked a shot from one of the prison guards that had suddenly appeared from around the corner, very almost causing her to leak into her undergarments.

“Ungh” she groaned, as she shimmied up a ladder, albeit painfully with her legs jammed closely together.

“ where now?”

She stuttered, wondering how she was going to get away with her small-clothes dry.

“You will need to scream.”

He replied cryptically, before shoving her bodily off the roof they were stood on.

Carina did scream. Loudly.

As she landed on the hay bale cart, all the air was driven out of her, as was her pent up urine, just begging for release from her labouring loins. Urine spurted out, dampening her undergarments.

Carina slammed her hand into her crotch, burying her hand into her womanhood in order to stem the flow.

As she regained control, she paused, then she slowly slid off the top of the cart to the ground, smoothing down her dress and sorting out her ample cleavage, which had almost escaped her tight dress in all the excitement, just to be bundled into a wall by the guards, before being bundled into a caravan of prisoners, destined for the noose. As her hands were tied behind her back carina worried about her ability to hold onto her aching bladder, which had doubled in its insistence to release, having already been granted a taste of freedom.

As the execution block loomed into view, one of the clearly innocent girls in the cage, looked at the noose whimpered, and promptly emptied both her bladder and her bowels, her leggings darkening and bulging as she emptied all she owned into her panties.

Carina groaned and winced, leaking a couple of dropped into her damp undergarments. The sensation causing a peculiar sensation in her underwear, what was it, it wasn’t a sensation she felt before?

But before she could think of it she was seized and dragged out; the soldiers leading her to the gallows and seemingly to her doom, if only she could visit the privy before hand!

As the noose was placed around her neck she started to loose the vestiges of control in her lower regions. A drop of urine dribbled out of he uretha and snaked it’s way down her inner thigh, sending tingling sensations down her spine.

‘What is wrong with me?!’ She thought, bobbing down in an effort to regain her dignity as the bumbling pirate was led up to the guillotine before her.

Initially she tried to plead with the audience and explain her actions. But as the pirate started to interfere with her speech and more dribbles escaped her shuddering form, she decided that she just wanted to end this before she completely wet herself.

Before she met her end, a boy swung out of the clock tower and almost landed on the platform of the execution block, before plunging head first into a pile of soldiers, yelling something about a distraction as cannon fire lit up the square.

*002*2017-10-15 17:13

I’m guesing you might want the next bit?

*003*2017-10-15 17:57

Carina visibly shook from both fear and desperation as a cannon ball smashed into the wooden scaffolding holding the drunken pirate and the guillotine, sending them both into a spiral akin to a pinwheel.

Carina initially worried for him, but after remembering that this was all HIS fault. Decided that it wouldn’t be too bad if he was killed.

Her thoughts were interrupted by a scraggly man with a sabre charging up the stage to ‘rescue’ her. Bouncing off the executioner and requiring her to kick him off the platform.

Ooh how spreading her quivering legs was not a good idea! More urine sloshed into her dripping panties, adding to the feeling that carina could finally place a name to.

She was getting aroused.

By peeing her pants like a child.

Like all teenage girls Carina has explored all her hidden ‘depths’, however she had quickly come to the conclusion that she could never find true satisfaction out of anything other that completing her mission. However this series of events was beginning to change her mind.

The shrring! Of sabres clashing dragged carina out of her lusty stuppour and her bladder along with her, reminding her just how little control she had left. As the pirate battled the soldier that had swarmed onto the platform she danced in place trying to figure out an escape from this hopeless situation. However before she could her ‘rescuer’ caught the lever which released the trapdoor beneath her feet and plunged her to the ground.

Only to be caught by the young man who ‘distracted the british’.

The boy’s hand plunged up her dress and gripped her ass tightly. This and the sudden drop, caused her to spurt more pee from her quivering lips and into her sodden panties. Both of these events greatly added to Carina’s arousal and she realises that she wasn’t just leaking urine into her panties anymore.

“If I fee you will you lead me to the trident?” The boy asked her “we will be allies in this!”

“Considering where your left hand is I would say we are a bit more than that!”

Carina shot back, wishing his hand was in other places, if only to help her hold back the flood which was pounding on her quavering gates.

“Do I have your word?” He asked again?

“You are holding everything but my word!”

She replied. ‘Well everything but my pee! Which I’m no longer holding!’ She thought.

She shifted slightly in his grasp and he used his head to support her body iso he didn’t accidentally drop and kill her,pressing his face into her groin which brought her blissful relief if only momentary, along with waves of arousal.

“We just need to get you to port now.” He muttered

“You are far from port that is my stern.” She said fiercely as she felt more drops of urine making tear tracks down her thighs, carina knew she didn’t have long.

Just as she thought this, the soldiers from the asylum approached.

“Perfect, if I kill the coward then the witch will hang.” He said with his eyes gleaming.

And then they turned glassy, as the man tipped forward unconscious, the group of pirates responsible for the carnage standing behind him, triumphant.

‘Finally!’ Carina thought, ‘they’ll let me down so I can pee! I don’t care if they see at this point as long as I can release my self and hen see to.. another.. matter.’

However carina registered the fact that the drunkard had said the word “prisoners” before cutting her down and hauling her away, despite vehement priests for her to be allowed to release her pent up waters.

Carina was carried back to the ship and tied to the mast spread eagled. The boy tied behind her.

She fixed her eyes on the lead pirate and begged

“please let me go to the privy! I cannot hold it!- I-I’ll do anything but please! B-Before it’s-“ carina froze as the ship lurched to the side and started to slide into the water. The sudden lurch and the sound of the waves overwhelmed Carinas futile defences and urine flooded out of her shaking lips.

The golden liquid fished out of her woman hood and poured down her dress, saturating her panties and moving on to soak her undergarments and dress.

The urine looked at her feet as carina nearly passed out from blissful release, Bowing her head as her body finished emptying her tired bladder.

The pirate looked up from the steering and smiled at her.

*005*2017-10-16 06:03

Thanks man! ?

