Sirens' desperate journey

Author: Maormer1123

*000*2025-01-27 12:09

I apologize in advance for any possible mistakes. English is not my first language and I do not speak it very well.

###

After their crushing defeat at the Canterlot School, sirens were forced to continue the lives of ordinary girls, performing on stage as a singing trio. Although most of their voice magic disappeared and they had to correct themselves by voice correction programs, over time they learned and were able to conquer the hearts of many people. So much so that they were invited at public events.

Vignette Valencia appreciated their potential and included Dazzlings in the list of honored guests at the charity festival of the Equestria Land. Sirens were supposed to perform an uplifting song, not at all like their usual repertoire, but they did a great job. Even their old enemies, the Rainbooms, had to admit that it was good.

In addition to paying, each participant of the festival was also offered to try a new special big fruit soda, developed personally by Vignette, for free. In actual fact, it was the reason why Sonata persuaded the sisters to agree to Vignette's proposal. Adagio was still a little angry with her about it, but she wouldn't turn down the free soda, and neither would Aria.

Once the festival was over, sirens headed to their van, which served as their home, and drove towards the next town where they had a gig planned. The road ahead was a long one, but Adagio decided to take a shortcut through the mountain highway. Then they had a chance to get there a few hours faster and get a good sleep before the show.

The only problem was that the highway was over seventy miles long, where it was prohibited to stop and there were no gas stations. Before entering it there was a large sign warning drivers to check the amount of gasoline before driving on. Luckily, sisters had filled up their van after the festival and knew they would be able to get to the place without any problems. Or they thought they knew it.

It was about twenty minutes after they pulled onto the highway. Adagio drove while Aria and Sonata sat in the back and enjoyed the view of the mountains. Adagio thought about taking a little distraction and admiring it too, but suddenly a familiar squeaky voice make her feel an equally familiar irritation.

— Ehm… Adagio? — Sonata said in a slightly shaky voice. Adagio quietly growled to herself.

— What? — said she fast and dryly by her ordinary commanding tone.

— Do you know how far we are from the nearest gas station?

— I warned you that there are no gas stations on this road. The next one's only in seventy miles.

— Se… seventy miles?! — Sonata's voice trembled and her eyes filled with fear.

— Don't worry. I filled up the car when we left. It should be enough.

— It is… not what I mean. I… — she blushed and lowered her head, — I need to go. Badly.

Adagio rolled her eyes.

— And so what? It is only a few hours before we reach the place. It is not a problem.

— I can't hold it so long!

Yellow siren turned around and looked at her sister strictly.

— No, you can and you will do it! I'm not going to break the rules and stop the car because of your next nonsense.

— Hey! When I say I need to go — I need to go! And I need it right now!

Adagio did not answer anything, but simply turned back to the road. Sonata began to squirm in her seat and moan softly. Her legs were constantly moving when she tried to get into the most comfortable position to hold it.

— Maybe you shouldn't have drunk so much fruit soda, — Aria said after one minute watching Sonata's desperation.

— But it is impossible to resist! That new fruit soda is so great! By the way, you both drank as much as I did.

— Exactly! — Adagio said persistently — And how can you see that we're not making a scene right now!

— But… what should I do now? — asked Sonata and crossed her leg again.

— Just hold it! And don't distract me when I'm driving. Is that clear, Sonata, or should I repeat it again?

Sonata nodded.

A few minutes later, the van pulled into a long tunnel that was completely dark. Sonata took advantage of this and grabbed her crotch to stop a rolling wave of pain in her bladder. She was prepared to believe that she will lose control right here, but after a few seconds of tortures she feel better than ten minutes ago.

— Huh, it was close, — she thought to herself and take off her hands from her crotch, — Maybe it was even a little funny. But I'm not sure I can handle it next time.

It was already quite dark outside when they pulled out of the tunnel. Adagio tried to gather her thoughts, but she suddenly felt the pressure just below the waist. And it made her a little worried. Though she did not believe Sonata actually felt that bad how she tried to image, but she was right when she say all of them drunk o lot of soda a few hours ago.

It was weird how fast she moved from feeling nothing to the so strong pressure when she need to concentrate on her bladder as much as on road. It was not a problem for now, but can become it soon if the feeling become worse as fast as recently.

— Do not panic, Adagio, it is okay. You need to go and you will go when get the place. Just hold it for an hour or a little longer. You can do that. — yellow siren said to herself. Perhaps she would not have thought about it so much if she had not yelled at Sonata for the same thing. After that she just could not afford to show any weakness. She defiantly assumed a confident pose and continued driving as if everything was normal.

But as another ten minutes passed, her worst fears began to come true. Vignette's drink was very sneaky. The feeling of despair arises suddenly and begins to grow rapidly, reaching a critical stage in a short time. Now Adagio was even angrier at Sonata for her persuading to try it.

Now she had to strain all her muscles hard and discreetly squeeze her legs to feel better. She really wanted to grab herself with one hand, but she could not afford to let go of the steering wheel and show Sonata that she need to go too. It was a matter of principle to her. But now she was really afraid she could not make it to the gas station.

— Ahm… — Sonata groaned when another wave make her fold in half and squeeze her hands between the crossed legs, — Adagio, please stop! I can't hold it anymore! It is coming out! I am really about to wet myself right now!

— I said no stops! — Adagio bellowed, — You must hold it until we get off highway! If you ruin your clothes, I am gonna make you perform in your wet pants! Do you understand me?!

Sonata squeaked inarticulately in agreement and threw all her strength into fighting her body. She could feel the ocean splashing inside her, ready to burst out at any moment. In all the centuries of her long life both in Equestria and in this world she had never been so desperate. Several times in the past she had wet herself when she was laughing too much or just distracted and losing control because of her carelessness, but never before had she felt such pain.

— Please, let it not happen! Please-please-please! — she pleaded and squeezed her legs tighter to make the wave stop. A minute later it was over. The pain lessened and now she could just sit cross-legged without grabbed herself.

Unexpectedly, she turned to Aria. The purple siren sat in her seat with a stone face and tightly clenched legs, but it was hard to replace without looking closely. Of course, the middle sister has always been the silent one and rarely showed what was on her mind, but such a state was unusual even for her. Taking advantage of the brief respite her bladder gave her, Sonata watched Aria even with some challenge and waiting when something happen.

Suddenly Aria's eyes widened with horror and she bent, gripping her crotch tightly. Sonata chuckled.

— Well, You are actually need to go too, are not you? — she said with mischievous smile.

— Leave me out please… Ough… — Aria grunt through clenched teeth and squeezed herself as hard as she could with no way to unbend. It was obvious that she was hold it for a long time and did not show it, and now she was absolutely desperate.

— What else is going on? — Adagio asked sternly, trying not to betray her own desperation in her voice.

— N-nothing… — Aria could barely utter when another wave of pain nearly make her leaking.

— Aria is about to burst!

— Sonata! — Aria blushed so much that it showed on her purple face, — She is right. I don't know how much longer I can hold it. This damn soda is literally killing me now.

Adagio glanced at Aria and realized she was not kidding. Unlike Sonata, she never made such a spectacle, and if she said she was not sure about something, she was.

Even a short observation of the desperate sister make Adagio remember how bad she need to go herself. Now it was not even a problem, but a serious danger of not get to the place dry.

— Okay, just do not panic. Only half an hour to go and we can use the gas station bathroom! — Adagio said calmly without a hint of her usual leadership sternness.

— So, you need to go too? — asked Sonata friskily and Adagio clenched her teeth again with angry.

— Yeah, and I will feed you to the bears if you ask another question like that! — Sonata stopped smiling and returning to her problem that she had been ignoring for the past few minutes. Now she felt more worse than early and actually knew that she could not handle next wave, — Oh, that is not good… do not get yourself worked up, Adagio! You are the adult siren and you will never wet yourself. Just hold it. Only half an hour and it will all be over. Only half an hour…

That half hour was torture for the sisters. They thought their desperation at that moment was maxed out, but that turned out not to be the case. The sodas were arriving in their bladders with each passing second, making them feel much worse. Sonata squeezed her crotch with all her might and bent in as if the wave had come again. Now she knew for sure that she had very little time before the accident. Adagio tried to hold it without hands, and her legs tied in an unbelievable knot, but after ten minutes of it she realized that she was losing control and grabbed herself with her left hand. The right one remained on the steering wheel, so Sonata couldn't see what Adagio was doing. Besides, she was obliged to drive.

When it was ten minutes to the gas station, Aria suddenly felt she lost the trickle. Terrified, she exerted all her strength to avoid an accident, but then realized that her panties were still completely dry. False alarm. But she was definitely feeling much worse than the rest of them right now.

— Sonata, please, there will be one bathroom at the gas station, can I go first instead of you this time? — Aria pleaded and there were tears in her eyes, — I really about to have an accident very soon.

— Me too, but… I can see that you feel worse than I do. Okay, you can go first. I'm fine with it.

Aria did not told her sister thank you. Sonata did not insisted. Now they both had more pressing problems.

When the gas station showed in the distance, Adagio turned the van there and parked near the store's entrance. Luckily, there were no other cars nearby. The sisters climbed out of the car. Changing position and starting to walk was another challenge for their bladders, but they coped rushed to the entrance of the store as fast as they could.

When they barged in, Adagio ran up to the salesman first.

— Please tell me the bathroom works! — Under other circumstances she would have been very uncomfortable approaching a strange boy in such a condition, but right now she did not care. Fortunately, the guy was too sleepy to realize what was going on.

— It is over there, — he said in a phlegmatic voice and sirens ran in the direction he indicated. Aria was right — there was only one room here with no gender division and, fortunately, without any lines now.

Aria stepped inside while Adagio and Sonata remained standing near the door. As she closed in, another wave rolled in and now mere seconds separated her from an accident. She struggled to pull her hands away from her crotch to fumble with the zipper on her jeans, but suddenly it would not budge. Aria was gripped by panic.

— No, why now?! Please work! Please work! Please work! — the first droplets have come to the very edge. It was literally counting in moments, — Damn zipper! Damn soda! DAMN WORLD WHICH INVENTED BIG SODAS AND ZIPPERS THAT DO NOT WORK!

Aria was ready to resign herself to her fate, but suddenly she heard a creak. The zipper had given way. She was free. Without wasting a second, she pulled down her jeans along with her panties and lowered herself onto the toilet just moments before the floodgates opened without any input from her. The powerful waterfall rumbled against the white porcelain, and Aria Blaze felt nothing but heavenly bliss anymore.

The sound was so strong that Adagio and Sonata heard it and felt even worse. They were both on the verge of having accident right here. Adagio no longer tried to hide the desperation she was in and openly held her hand to her crotch, dancing and crossing her legs. Sonata was doing the same, but she was also looking at her sister with a strange eyes.

— Stop staring at me like that! — Adagio tried to snap, but it came out pathetic because of her desperate situation. Sonata smiled, — Do not try to gloat! Actually, it is all your fault!

— Why my fault?

— Because it was your idea to try the damn soda!

— Soda was brilliant! But can you remember what you said when I suggested you go to the bathroom at the festival? You say "Do not be silly, Sonata!" and go away because of your reluctance to standing in line with "common mortals"! — She raised one hand and mimed quotation marks.

Adagio did not answer anything. Another wave made her bend in half. The toilet behind the door was flushed. Aria quickly rinsed her hands and opened the door with a look of bliss on her face. Sonata immediately took her place.

— I will be waiting for you in the van, — Aria said to Adagio and walked away, breathing in a full breath of the sweet air of freedom.

Adagio was left alone. Now she could do anything to hold it inside her. The waves rolled in one after another and she did not care at all, even if that guy came over and started staring at her desperate dancing. There was only one thing on her mind right now. JUST DO NOT WET HERSELF.

— It is so close! So close! I can't hold it anymore! I can't hold it! — Panic completely took over her mind. She did not even hear Sonata's rapturous moans while she was enjoying her release outside the door, — No, I will do it! It is impossible to me wet myself at that age! It is just impossible! Oh no! It is coming out again!

Sonata flushed the toilet, washed her hands and opened the door. And Before she could even any react, Adagio pushed her and rushed inside.

— OUT OF THE WAY!

The door slammed shut with a clatter. Sonata shrugged and headed toward the van, where Aria met her.

It had been a few minutes since they had both waited inside. The silent Aria looked at Sonata and chose the words to most accurately express her thought.

— Look, Sonata, I still have not said… — She faltered, as if she had trouble saying it, — Anyway, uh… Thank you to let me go first.

— That is nothing, Aria.

— No, it is not nothing. When I was there I really felt like I made it at the last second. If you had gone first, I would have had an accident for sure. I am lucky you were feeling better then I did.

— To be honest, I was really afraid I did not make it. Even when we first got out of the van I practically lost control.

Aria looked at her sister with a surprised look.

— Wait, you were not sure about that, but you let me go first anyway? — Sonata nodded — But… Why?!

Sonata smiled and took Aria's hand in her own.

— Because you are my sister and I love you.

Aria was shocked. She could have expected anything from Sonata, but not this. However, this feeling was followed by another. She realized Sonata was being serious. The little sister she had always thought was a selfish fool, was willing to go to the humiliation for her sake. There was something to it. Something amazing and completely new for a creature like Aria. Were the sirens as noble and kind as the simple creatures from both worlds? Could they really love each other like real sisters?

— I am sure you would do the same for me, — Sonata said and suddenly realized that they had been waiting for ten minutes, — By the way, where is Adagio? She should have been back by now. Could something have happened to her?

— Let's go check it out.

They entered the building again and headed towards to the bathroom door. As they approached, they heard a sound from behind the wall. It was crying.

Aria knocked.

— Adagio, are you okay in there?

— Go away! Leave me alone! — crying voice of the older sister came from outside the door.

— What happened? Can we help you? — Sonata asked worriedly.

— Just get out! Now!

Sonata tried to push on the door, and to her great surprise, it opened freely. Adagio screamed in fear when the sisters saw her sitting on the toilet in her clothes. The bottom of her jumpsuit was as wet as her face, but it was not tears.

— Wait… Adagio, are you…

— JUST. DO NOT. SAY. ANYTHING.

It became obvious that when Adagio ran inside, she was in such a hurry that she even forgot to lock the door. But then she faced another problem-her costume was a jumpsuit, and she needed to take it off completely to get free. And while she was trying to do it with one hand, the other could not hold back the pressure of the huge amount of water inside her. And as soon as the first trickle left her body, she could not stop the flow.

Aria and Sonata exchanged glances. They were completely disoriented and did not understand what to do now. The first thing they decided to do was go inside and close the door. The guy behind the counter was still around and could detect something.

Sonata took the initiative. She approached Adagio and bent over her.

— Do not cry, Adagio, no need. It is okay.

— NO, IT IS NOT OKAY! — Adagio screamed through stifled sobs, — I JUST WET MYSELF LIKE A LITTLE FILLIWOG, AND YOU SAID IT IS OKAY?!

Sonata smiled and lifted Adagio's face with her hand so that she would look at her.

— Calm down, we would not judge you. It was a critical situation for all of us. — She said and turned to Aria. Aria nodded.

— She is right. If I had come here a few seconds later, I would have been in your place.

Adagio slowly stopped crying.

— Wait, and you would not laugh at me for this? — She asked in surprise. The sisters nodded.

— Of course we would not. — Sonata added. — This can happen to anyone. Even to us too.

— But… I yelled at you several times for that drive and you will… just forget about it?

— Actually, I was a little angry at you about it, but I did not want you to get into that situation at all. And in fact if you did not let me go before you, we would switch places now. So no hard feelings.

Adagio thought about it — she had allowed Sonata to go ahead of her simply because she did not want to show her weakness even at a critical moment. So it was her own pride that had ruined her? But if she had done it, would Sonata have given up her place like she did to Aria? And if she did then now Sonata would be crying in this place, and she would be standing in front of her. Would she have shown compassion or would she have taken it out on her silly little sister? The answer would have been obvious for her.

— You are still our leader, Adagio, and little accidents like these would not change that. But maybe if you showed more empathy, it would be better. — Aria said calmly. Adagio nodded.

— I understand. Now I am. But… I still do not get it why are you comforting me after everything I have told you over the years?

Aria smiled and winked at Sonata.

— Because we are your sisters and we love you. Whatever a pain in the scales you are.

Sonata could not help but chuckle and started laughing. Aria joined in and a few seconds later Adagio did the same.

— It is weird, but now I actually feel a little guilty. — Sonata said when she stop laughing. — Maybe I really should not have ordered that soda.

— No. Soda was brilliant. — Adagio answer repeated the Sonata's words. — It is really my fault. Forgive me, girls.

— We have already did, Adagio. — said Aria, and the three sisters embraced with tears of joy in their eyes. But Aria was forced to step back a little when Adajo's soak overalls touched her legs. — You need to change your clothes.

She took off her jacket and handed it to her sister.

— Tie it around your waist. This guy is still here, he might notice your... you get my point.

Adagio did so and they left the bathroom. Luckily, the salesman was still too sleepy to pay attention to anything around him.

In the van, Adagio changed out of her wet clothes and wiped her legs while her sisters waited outside. She still smelled a little bad, but she was sure she could take a shower in town when they got there. There was less than an hour left until the end of the journey, and they set off immediately.

Already near the town, Adagio felt that she need to go again. Now she had no problem using a public bathroom, but it was strange that her bladder worked so early. She woke up twice during the night only to find relief again, and the next day she was taking bathroom breaks almost every hour.

She was afraid she was getting sick, but everything turned out well — her bladder was a bit crazy after the accident, but it returned to normal pretty quickly. And now she was not embarrassed to tell her sisters about her problem, and they reassured her — each of them has experienced something like this at least once and they knew how it happens.

She was still the same strict leader she had always been, but this story had taught her to at least treat her sisters with more respect than before, and even when they began to irritate her, she reminded herself that she owed them a lot. And now she was ready to listen even to Sonata if she offered a sensible idea and did not allow herself to shout and insult her, no matter what happened and no matter what stupidity the younger siren did. So — as Sonata herself said — she was her sister and Adagio loved her, although for a long time she could not admit it even to herself.

