A Girl Desperate (A Girl Adrift fanfic)

Author: MsLily

*000*2022-03-23 06:10

(Note: I do not know the name of the character, so she will be called Nina, and A Girl Adrift is owned by Team Tapas)

The water was calm, with all sorts of different fish swimming around. And little ways away, lied a raft with a girl on it, named Nina. Her clothes consisted of: white panties, rags for a dress, and a necklace with some sort of skull on it. Nina didn't talk much, always was kind of quite. She did enjoy the company of her friends however. One was some girl she met, when she was drifting in the ocean. And the other... Was some cat, person, whom, she thought was an alchemist.

This day was fairly calm, she caught a few, mackerel, and starfish. Angie(the non-cat friend) gave Nina a case of apple juice, Nina excitedly (though it didn't really show) accepted the case. She was so thristy, that she accidentally drunk the entire case, in the span of an hour. She went back to Angie, and apologized profusely for drinking it all. Angie just giggled, and told her it was alright, and that she would keep an eye out for more. In the meantime, Angie asked Nina if she could go find this, rare fish, that looked like a cherry blossom, and bring it back to show her. Nina agreed and set off to find the fish.

Nina's raft was slowly making it's way to wherever it was that had that fish. While it did this, Nina noticed a slight discomfort in her abdomen, she realized that she should probably go to the bathroom soon. Nyani, at least, that's what she called the alchemist, had a new house constructed, which had a bathroom, she figured she could just hold it until after she dealt with the fish. Oh how she would regret that decision. She finally got to [insert where the Sakura fish is located, I forgot]. A task of which took much longer than anticipated. Which also resulted in, the discomfort in her abdomen becoming much more prominent.

She had her legs crossed, by the time she got there. But that wasn't the end of it she now had to fish for it. So she did, again, and again, and again, and again... She was starting to grow more frustrated with each cast. She decided to check the map, just to make sure she was at the right place. Turns out, she had the map upsidedown, she faceplamed herself, before setting off in the correct direction. While she was drifting in that direction, a fish hit her boat, causing her to jump from being startled, and shoot a jet of pee into her panties. She quickly jammed both her hands in her crotch to stop the flow, It took a second... but she regained control. "Hurry up, dumb raft!" Nina thought, as she sat down, hoping it would help.

The raft FINALLY reached her destination, Nina's panties were quite damp, due to her leaking, a few more times before getting here. With a trembling hand, she cast the rod. It only took her 5 tries before getting it! "Phew, all done" Nina thought. But yet again, a fish hit her boat, almost causing Nina to lose control. Nina got slightly more frustrated from this action, she casted her rod to catch the annoying fish, and well...

She got a bite as she yanked on it hard. Causing a bunch of water, to get thrown upward into the sky. And a giant, fish, to jump out. The fish looked... Terrifying to say the least. With blooded, sharp teeth. And dark grey scales. Nina fell on her bum, trembling, and wide eyed from the sight. Finally Nina's bladder gave up.

SSSSSSSHHHHHHhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

A loud hissing sound, could be heard emanating from her, as she flooded her panties, and dress. Since she wasn't doing anything, the boss fish just left. Nina just sat in her puddle for a second, before breaking into tears. Eventually she composed herself and drifted to Angie.

Angie was estatic to see Nina again, until she noticed she was crying. "N-Nina! What's wrong!?" Angie exclaimed worried. Nina, still softly sobbing, replied with a barely audible voice, "I had an accident...". Angie looked down to see, Nina's soaked clothes. She made a slight gasp, "Oh no, I'm sorry Nina..." She said, before hugging Nina, to try to comfort her. Then Angie got an Idea, "Stay Right here!" She said, before running off to get something. Nina tilted her head in confusement. Angie came back with a spare pair of panties, and a kimono. "Here wear this." Angie said, handing the items to Nina. "T-t-thanks" Nina replied, before going behind a small hill to change.

After this, Angie washed Nina's dress, and hung it up to dry. "T-t-thanks, again, Angie" Nina mumbled. "Don't Mention it! I'm making dinner, would you like some?" Angie asked, Nina's eyes sparkled at the sound of food, Angie giggled "I'll, take that as a yes! C'mon!" Nina eagerly followed Angie inside, where they ate Mac n Cheese.

The End!

