Colette’s Busy Day

Author: mister nightma

*000*2026-01-19 03:04

Hello, dear reader. I call myself Mr. Nightmare. I'm not very well known around here, but this is my first fanfic. I'm not very good at writing, but I'm a gentleman with plenty of ideas... I think.

Before we begin, I would like to let you know that this fanfic is based on the Brawl Stars universe. I hope you enjoy it.

It was a beautiful dawn in Star Park. The sun was rising on the horizon, and as its golden rays painted the sky, the Brawls were also waking up. Well, most of them.

In a modest apartment in the park, a girl with medium-length, silver hair and fair skin, wearing only a slightly oversized white t-shirt and black panties, woke up somewhat drowsily. As she got up, she clutched a Spike plushie to her body, her favorite Brawl and, unbeknownst to him, her big crush. However, everything got worse when her eyes landed on the alarm clock. It was 8:10. She was supposed to be at work by 8:00. She was late.

A cold panic took hold of her. She leaped out of bed and ran to the bathroom, where she brushed her teeth with desperate speed, revealing her sharp, pointed canines. After washing up quickly, she put on her classic outfit: a red vest with light blue wide sleeves, violet pants with pink cuffs, and dark purple boots. With one last squeeze of her Spike plushie, which she carefully left on the bed, she dashed out of the house.

Arriving at her workplace, the Gift Shop, she entered slowly, trying not to be noticed. But it didn't do much good. Griff, her manager, saw her immediately.

"COLETTE!!!" Griff bellowed, his arms crossed. "You're late!"

"Sorry, Griff... it's just that I was busy," Colette stammered, lowering her head.

"Busy? Doing what? Drawing Spike?"

After that comment, Colette's mind got lost for a second in a fantasy: Spike, with defined muscles, scooping her up and carrying her in his strong arms.

Griff grumbled, noticing the goofy smile that took over the girl's face for a moment. "Listen here, this is coming out of your salary. So don't make any more mistakes. Was I clear?"

"Yes, Griff..."

After a few more complaints, Griff continued on his way toward the outside of the store. Colette sighed in relief and ventured further into the store, finding her coworker, Edgar. Edgar wore a red vest over a gray shirt, also gray pants, purple gloves, and a studded belt. His black shoes contrasted with his face, which was a canvas of graffiti, and his striped white and purple scarf. At the moment, he was sitting at the cash register, painting his nails black... again.

"Late again?" Edgar asked, without taking his eyes off his own hands.

"What's the big deal? It's only the second time this week, no big deal," Colette replied, leaning against the counter.

"Whatever. Take my place here at the register, I'm going to sweep the aisles."

Edgar walked away, grabbing the broom and careful not to smudge the fresh paint on his hands. Meanwhile, Colette took her post. The minutes passed slowly between sporadic customers. Then, she felt a sharp pang in her bladder. Her entire body froze. She remembered that in her rush to leave home, she hadn't used the toilet. And now, with Griff being such a stickler, she couldn't just abandon the register.

The agony began to grow slowly. It was a dull pressure that was turning into a constant discomfort. She shifted in her chair, crossing her legs, trying to distract herself. The store door opened with a soft jingle, and in walked Piper and her boyfriend, Rico. Piper wore a pink dress, Victorian-style inspired, with refined details that gave off an image of sophistication and education. She usually carried an umbrella, which at first glance seemed like just a charming accessory, but was actually a long-range weapon. Rico, in turn, was a purple robot with a bright yellow eye, a polished metal body, and a cannon that fired balls. On his chest, he carried several colored balls, resembling a gumball machine.

"Edgar, darling!" Piper called with a charming smile. "I have some orders to pick up. And you, love," she said, turning to Rico, "can you buy me that diamond bracelet I saw last time?"

Colette forced a smile, assisting them as the pressure in her bladder increased with every passing second. The act of standing, of moving to get the merchandise, was torture. Every movement seemed to press a "panic" button in her system. She could feel the urgency turning into a throbbing pain, a constant reminder of her need. She squeezed her thighs, trying to contain the wave of pressure that threatened to overflow.

Edgar returned moments later, putting away the broom. "Everything okay here? The 'easy money' crew didn't give you any trouble?"

"Nope," Colette lied, trying to sound casual, although her voice had come out a little higher than normal. "Let's just switch posts already," forcing a smile.

Edgar, not suspecting a thing, resumed his place at the register. It was at that moment that Griff appeared again.

"Colette, the shelves in section B are a mess. I need you to organize them. Now."

Colette bit her lip. Section B was at the back of the store, far from the employee restroom. But she couldn't argue. "Yes, Griff."

She walked to section B, each step an exercise in control. The agony was now a sharp, constant pain. She began organizing the keychains and magnets, her hands shaking slightly. The pressure was becoming unbearable. She knew she couldn't hold on much longer. With her last ounce of patience, she decided that as soon as she finished that shelf, she would go to the bathroom, whatever it took.

She worked with desperate speed, stacking and aligning items carelessly. With every movement, she felt an involuntary contraction, a warning that control was about to fail. Finally, with the last shelf arranged—albeit haphazardly—she turned to go.

That's when she felt it. A small drop escaped, slightly dampening her panties. Panic hit her like an electric shock. She squeezed her thighs with all the force her servomotors allowed, but it was too late. The dam was breaking.

She started walking as fast as she could, with her legs crossed. The bathroom was just twenty meters away. Ten. Five. Another, larger drop escaped, and she felt the damp warmth spread. There was no more time.

She reached the door to the employee restroom. Her heart pounded with hope. Freedom. Relief. She reached for the doorknob and turned.

Nothing.

She turned it again, with more force. The door didn't move. It was stuck. An even deeper panic took hold. She shook the door, her fists banging against the metal with a dull, desperate sound. "Open! Open, please!" she whispered, her voice a hoarse lament. Every second of waiting was torture. She could feel the weight in her abdomen, a physical, constant pain that made her back bend.

With one last desperate movement, she threw her shoulder against the door. With a loud screech of wood and metal, the door gave an inch and then suddenly flew open, almost making Colette fall inside.

She locked the door behind her, her body trembling. The toilet was just a few steps away. She could almost feel the relief. Her trembling, sweaty hands went to the belt of her violet pants. The metal buckle was cold to the touch. She tried to undo it, but her fingers were too shaky, too desperate to get the necessary coordination.

"No... not now!" she groaned, struggling with the belt. The buckle wouldn't budge. It felt like it was stuck on purpose. The agony in her bladder hit an unbearable peak, a throbbing pain that made her see stars. She pulled the belt with all her strength, feeling the metal cut into her skin.

Finally, with a loud "click," the buckle came loose. She almost cried with relief, but the fight wasn't over yet. Her clumsy fingers went to the button and the zipper. The zipper seemed to take an eternity to go down, each centimeter a struggle against time and her own body.

She finally managed to pull her pants and panties down, but it was too late. As she turned to sit, the pressure became too much. Control was lost.

A thin, warm stream of urine escaped before she could even sit down properly, hitting the edge of the toilet bowl and the floor. She sat down anyway, and the rest of her retention came out with overwhelming force. The sound of the liquid hitting the water echoed in the small stall, a sound of total surrender and humiliation. The relief was immediate, a pleasure so intense it almost made her collapse, but it was tainted by the shame of having failed, of having made a mess.

She remained seated for a long moment, the stream finally dwindling. She looked at the toilet and the drops trickling down the side of the bowl. And also the trail of urine she had left on the bathroom door.

Hello again, it's me, Mr. Nightmare, I hope you enjoyed the read. I believe I made some mistakes in the descriptions, since as I said, I'm not a great writer, but I was thinking about the next fanfic being from "Fundamental Paper" if this one goes well, well... that's it... goodbye...

