The bladder-buster cruise

Author: Markj9494

*009*2020-05-22 13:09

Chapter 2: New friends

As the four of them sat lazily enjoying the first hours of their holiday the time passed quickly, but now the sun had moved towards the horizon and the temperature was dropping. Soon the four of them were hungry, returning to their cabins to change before going out for the night. Closing the door to her cabin Lili laid on her bed once again, the day of swimming and sunning themselves by the pool had been surprisingly tiring. The first thing she knew of falling asleep was being woken by a knock in the door.

They are going to kill me she thought to herself.

Opening the door she was greeted by the others, now all glammed up for an evening of fun. Her sister had changed from her swimsuit into an almost equally revealing long black dress, with a transparent netting showing off her ample cleavage. The others had gone a little less asset heavy, Sasha had put on a light blue romper with a purple ribbon tying her hair up, while Janet had gone with a simple pastel shirt and black skirt combo.

“Ill be one minute”

Patting her bed hair down Lilli ducked back into the room for a moment, throwing on a bronze coloured strapless dress. It was a little tighter than she wanted, but it showed off her body quite well. It also happened to be at the top of her suitcase. “Okay, im ready” she said rushing back out and locking her room behind her. Now all together the group made their way to a bar they had spotted earlier.

Looking around the place was packed with people, despite it still being early in the evening it seemed a lot of people had the same idea as them. Finding a large booth table near the entrance they perused the menu, deciding to go with a number of the platters to share between them.

“Are we sure this is a good idea?” Lilli asked, reading the deal again

“What do you mean, if you want to order something for yourself im sure we can manage” said Barbara

“No, its just each of the platters comes with a pitcher.”

“So?”

“Well, that’s a lot to drink between us and we still need to try and win no peeing thing”

“Crap, I had forgotten about that. But I mean we don’t have to drink it all, its worth the price for just the food. But if you are worried about it, you don’t have to have any” Barbara said, trying to reassure her sister.

“Yeah I think I might skip them too” Janet said. Despite only having a little to drink through the day she could defiantly feel a slight need to pee. It wasn’t her aim to win this for the group, but if every person who lasted until the morning got £200 she was going to try her hardest to make it. Although by her account that would make it almost 20 hours since her last pee and she was wondering if it was even possible for her?

“Okay, well I guess me and Sasha will just order what we want in them then” Barbara said with a smile on her face, clearly unphased by the others worrying about their bladders.

It was almost an hour before the platters arrived, the kitchen being extra busy with the amount of people on board. The four platters and pitchers were placed on the table, accompanied by an amazing smell that made it well worth the wait. Picking over the food they laughed and joked, talking about memories from school and what they had been up to recently. Despite the fact they had all kept up with one another while at university, there was more than enough new tales to keep them entertained. But as the last morsels of food were snapped up and the first of the pitchers drained the topic came back to the competition they were still in.

“So, do you think we have a chance of winning this thing then?” Lilli asked, sipping on a glass of lemonade. It hadn’t been her plan to drink but the salty batter of the bar food had made her thirsty, even Janet had poured herself a glass that she was slowly drinking.

“I mean with big bladder over here” Sasha said, jabbing a finger into Barbara’s belly who swatted it away. “But I know what you mean, I really had thought this would be easier. But look around, I can barely see any black dots on people hands can you?”

None of them had really thought about it, but now that Sasha had mentioned it only a handful of people seemed to have given up on the prize. Although as they looked around the signs of increasing desperation were everywhere. Crossed legs, red faces and grabbed crotches had become a common sight, giving them at least some comfort that none of them were at that level already.

“True, but half of these people don’t look like they will make it much longer.” Lili said.

Almost on Que a young blonde girl several tables over let out a squeal catching their attention, turning they saw the woman stand and sprint red face out of the bar, a faint trail of glistening wetness on her stockings easily visible. The others on her table began laughing loudly at their friends antics.

“See what I mean”

“True, I don’t think we have anything to worry about and hey, lets just enjoy the cruise shall we. There is no point getting it for free if we don’t even enjoy ourselves.”

The others nodded in agreement with Barbara’s sentiment.

“So its sorted, no more competition talk, lets just do our best and enjoy ourselves” Sasha said resolutely. Holding up a battered shrimp to cheers with and making the others laugh.

With that the topic returned to the time 14 year old Lilli tried to impress a boy by jumping a wire fence, only for her foot to get caught and she ended up face planting on the other side. The ride to the hospital with the boys mum as she tried to act cool despite the broken nose was not the outcome she had wanted. But at least it made a good story, for the others.

“Hey”

“Hey!”

“Over here”

Turning around the Janet could see a woman waving at them.

“Do any of you know her?” she asked pointing out a woman at the entrance. The tall brunette could have given Barbara a run for her money in display of cleavage, a tight green pencil dress displaying her hour glass body to full effect. While she may not have described herself as a slim woman, the extra curves only seemed to amplify the effect and there was no denying her beauty.

“Oh its the girls from the pool, I think her name was Cath?” Sasha answered, waving back. “I think they are asking if they can sit with us”

“Uh…yeah sure, I mean if you guys are ok with it?” Barbara asked. With the others shrugging having not spoken to them, Sasha waved them over.

“Hey, thanks so much for letting us join you. This place is packed and they were telling us we would have to come back later.”

“Sure, no problem” Sasha said as the four of them scotched up a bit into their booth to give the new girls some room.

“I don’t think I introduced myself last time, Im Barbara, this is my sister Lili and our friends Sasha and Janet” she said indicating to them in turn.

“Nice to meet you all” Cath said as the others slid onto the bench.

“Im Cathleen, or Cath. It’s a bit less olden timey, you wouldn’t believe the number of people who when I write my name on something expect a 70 year old woman to turn up.”

“Finally, someone who knows the struggle” Janet said enthusiastically.

“What and Barbara isn’t?”

“I mean it’s a bit less old sounding, plus there were three Barbara’s in our school so it cant be that unusual. How many Janet’s have you met?”

“I mean our nan’s neighbour is called Janet” Lilli chimed in.

“And how old is she?”

“87”

“Exactly”

“I love the name Janet, I think it’s a great name. Very pretty.” One of the new girls joined in.

“Well, seems like someone has found their own fan club” Sasha joked, enjoying Janet’s face going slightly red.

“Im Nikki" the blonde woman next along introduced herself. Her deep blue eyes matching the blue playsuit she was wearing. Its high crotch seam making her thin long legs look even longer as she crossed them under the table. “These two lovely ladies are Amy and Kirsty.” She said gesturing to the next two ladies, both dark haired brunettes whose skin tone suggested a mix race of some sort. Their smooth slightly darker skin tone giving off a faint exotic vibe, perhaps south American.“And finally I think you already met Eva at the pool?”

“I don’t think we formally met, although I enjoyed the show” Sasha joked. Sitting directly opposite she was also currently wondering why any man would dump the her. Eva's light brown hair giving way to blonde tips as the waves of it flowed over her ample chest. Her large green eyes sparkling brightly as she bit her luscious bottom lip playfully, aware what Sasha was referring to. Her beauty had Sasha lost for a moment, while technically not into girls she couldn’t help but think she might have found the exception to that rule.

“Sorry about that” Eva said.

And she is Italian, Sasha thought, picking up on the faint accent.

“So how do you guys know each other?” Lilli asked.

“We work together” Nikki said

“Wow that must be some workplace, I bet the men don’t get any work done with all you around!” Sasha joked, accidentally locking eyes with Eva who smiled back.

“Hahahaha, well I hope they do. We are all air stewardesses” Cath answered still laughing.

“Well that explains that” Barbara said

“What?”

“I mean look at you, five gorgeous women travelling together, although why are you on a cruise. Don’t you get free miles or something at work?”

“Yeah, but we all decided we were fed up with air travel. Its just such a pain in the ass.” Cath replied.

“Plus it always feels like we spend 2 days of our holidays at work, its hard to turn off on a plane after you do this job.” Kirsty said.

“The amount of times I almost start handing out peanuts or something makes me realise I’ve been doing this job too long” Cath said fiddling with a napkin. “Do you mind if I have a glass, my throat is really dry” she said gesturing to the pitchers still on the table. “I’ll get you another one later to pay for it?”

“No its ok, we are done so help yourself girls” Barbara gestured to the pitchers.

“Really, well it looks like we hit the jackpot with you guys, beautiful and generous!” Cathleen said before grabbing some spare glasses and pouring each of the new women a drink.

It turned out that the two groups had a lot in common, the small talk revealing they were all similar ages and were all university graduates. Despite the fact that none of them were currently in a profession that was remotely linked to the degrees they all held. Cathleen had even gone to the same university as Lilli, although almost a decade before. A fact that the girls found so hard to believe given her youthful complexion, she had to show them her ID to get them to stop asking questions, although they still found it hard to believe she was 34 and single.

Janet had also noticed that she was quite the drinker, pounding back glass after glass from the pitchers as she joined in with the others stories. A fact that she was sure Cath would regret, although there was actually no indication they were even taking part in the contest. Maybe they were just here to have a cruise. For her part, the last pint of lemonade had definitely started making its way through her system. She could now feel a constant fullness in her lower stomach which was starting to worry her.

“Hey, I think those guys are checking us out” Amy pointed out prompting half the others to turn and look at them.

“Don’t…oh my god, have you never heard to playing it coy?”

“Coy, like the carp? Why would we play it like a carp?” Eva asked making the others laugh.

“No, like play it cool” Lilli responded, “although I hand’t thought about why it’s a saying.”

“Oh shit, one of them is coming over.” Kirsty said looking down at the table.

“Uhh… hi. Sorry, I…We were wondering if you guys would like a drink?...on us?” The nervous looking young man asked.

“I think we are ok, but tha..” A swift kick to the shin stopped Barbara in her tracks.

Looking over she could see Cath nod in the direction of Eva. A little confused of why, she understood the message.

“I mean we would love some, that’s very kind of you and your friends.”

A beaming smile spread across his face as he sort of bounced in happiness. “Awesome, im Mat by the way” he added. “What can I get you all?”

“Vodka lemonade?” Sasha suggested, the rest of the group agreeing.

“Great, that’s easy. I will get these to you right away.” Mat said walking away at some speed. As he reached his table a number of pats on the back clearly showed he had done his job, before the rest of the table quickly pushed him towards the bar to order the drinks. Leaning close to Cath Barbara motioned for her to move closer as the others chatted away.

“What was the kick for?”

“Sorry, I didn’t mean to do it hard. Is your leg ok?”

“What yeah its fine, just confused about why we took those drinks?”

“Oh, we just want to get Eva out of her slump since being dumped. You know, show her there are still good guys out there.”

“Ah ok” Barbara said, touching a finger to her nose knowingly. “But how do you know those are good guys?”

Cath laughed “Did you see how nervous he was, trust me while confidence is hot, its much harder to work out if its confidence or overconfidence which is not hot. Nervous guys are way easier to read and those guys seem harmless enough. I doubt she will find Mr. right but they could be fun” Barbara had to admit it made a lot of sense, even from her own experiences.

Shortly a tray of drinks arrived, the girls clinking their glasses together in celebration of their new found friendship.

“Ooof, I think im going to have to visit the little girls room soon” Kirsty said, a hand gently rubbing her flat stomach.

“Already!” Nikki joked.

“What, I know I can’t compete with the likes of you guys, but I’ve not gone since this morning which is more than most people manage.” She shot back, the remark clearly hitting a tender note.

“You say that, I don’t see a single Black mark on our new friends” Nikki said gently turning over Sasha’s hand. “Maybe we will have some competition after all!"

“Well great, you have found new bladder buddies. But this bladder has to go, so I will be right back”

As Janet watched Kirsty stiffly walk in the direction of the ladies room she wondered if she should follow. This new pint would likely put her over the edge of what she could comfortably hold, going now might help her avoid any discomfort. Since her last glass the weight in her bladder had increased substantially, but she wasn’t desperate yet.

Watching as the other ladies drank she was aware that none of them were showing any real desperation either. An increasing number of those in the room around them now sported a black mark on their hand, having failed to last a full day. As the chat continued and a relieved looking Kirsty returned she was happy to see another competitor had fallen. Yet the others around her all seemed calm and composed, but thinking about it she hadn't seen any real signs of desperation from Kirsty either, maybe these girls were just good at hiding it. However, despite noticing the crossed legs of Nikki earlier she now sat calmly with them apart, even Cath who had drunk several glasses from the pitchers didn’t show any evidence of even the slightest need. She wondered just how much they could hold and could they beat her friends.

“Hey I think those guys over there are asking if we want another round?” Cath interrupted.

“I…yeah, can do?” Barbara said. With no quick objections Cath raised a thumb at the excited table of young men.

But just the knowledge of another pint coming her way made Janet’s feet start to twitch under the table, most of the last pint was still flowing through her system and yet to reach her bladder.

“I don’t know if I can guys, im starting to feel a little full” She said, her face flushing a little as she admitted her need in front of people who were strangers a couple of hours ago.

“Thank you, someone else with a normal bladder” Kirsty pointed out.

“If you need to go im sure you can keep your drink if you wait long enough for it to arrive?” Lilli suggested

“No, its not that bad. I can hold it for a while longer, but I really wanted to hold it until tomorrow morning. You know, get that free credit prize they talked about. But that’s still like 10 hours away.”

“Is it really that late? were we still thinking of going dancing tonight?” Eva asked, checking out her phone.

“Yeah totally, and now you point it out we should probably get a move on.” Nikki responded. “You guys want to join us?”

“I don’t know” Barbara said looking at the others.

“I don’t really dance” Janet said. “Me either” came lilli “And I had a long journey so I wouldn’t mind an early night” Sasha added.

“Boooo, you guys are lame” Amy added “Should we invite those guys?” she said nodding in the direction of the table of guys.

“Yeah sure.” Eva added, surprising Cath who was happy to see her open to it.

“Well, looks like we are out of here. It was lovely to meet yo.."

Cath was interupted by another cry from a few tables away

"Oh my god Martha, you'r totally peeing yourself" a woman yelled in surprise.

Looking over they could see a middle aged woman still sat at her table, a flood of pee shooting out from between her legs and flowing off the leather bench she was sitting on. Face in her hands they could hear the liquid splattering noisily on the wooden flooring as it seemed another person lost control of their bladder. Luckily for the woman wetting herself it seemed that the metallic silver dress she was wearing was escaping too much damage as her stream slowly came to an end, her matching silver heels not so lucky.

"I..uh... like I was saying it was lovely to meet you all.” Cath said as the five women slid out of the booth.

Turning their attention away from the woman a few tables over the others bid Cath's group farewell, but they were sure they would run into them again at some point.

Spreading out again they couldn’t help but laugh at the scene In front of them. The guys on the table scrambling to grab their things after being asked to go out dancing, clearly something they were not expecting.

“They were nice” Janet broke the silence that had for some reason formed after the group split.

“Yeah, if not a little intense” Lilli laughed.

“Here are your drinks guys” A waitress said putting a new tray of glasses on the table.

“Thank yo… sorry, the others have just left there should only be 4?” Lilli said, confused by the number of drinks.

“Oh sorry….I…uh the guys over there paid for them with these.” She said holding up the free drink cards. “They only put a table number down though so if you want to forfeit I can stamp one of your passes.”

“No no, we’ll take them” Sasha said before anyone could even think about giving in.

The four of them now sat staring at the 9 glasses in front of them. They knew what it would likely mean for their chances of winning the bladder buster, but at the same time they were now responsible for drinking them.

“I really don’t think I can handle any more guys” Janet pleaded

“Yeah im starting to get full too” Sasha added.

“Its ok Janet I don’t mind taking your extra drinks, if you just want the one” Barbara kindly offered.

“Yeah I can probably manage one, especially for 200 bucks.” Janet said, slightly happier knowing it was just the single extra drink. Although she was starting to build up a sweat, the hot room and alcohol combining to make her uncomfortable.

“Do you think you could manage another one for me” Lili asked Barbara, putting on her best puppy dog face. She too felt the need to pee, although it was minimal at this point. She was simply thinking ahead, if she could last until the day after tomorrow that would be 400 Euros that she would have made. Together with her sister that would more or less pay for one of their tickets even if they didn’t win. She couldn't help but be slightly jealous of her sisters holding powers, lasting long journeys without needing to use the sometimes disgusting service station toilets. But having seen her holding abilities on many occasions she was sure her sister could take the extra pressure, with all their rivals seemingly giving in to the need to pee.

“Well I suppose I could, but that puts me at 5 pints guys. Im not sure this is a good idea if we want to win.”

“You can handle it Barb, just pretend your at a bar trying to beat a hot guy at beer pong or something” Sasha said, grabbing her own two drinks. Despite her own bladder feeling full she knew that it was pretty strong too, although this would defiantly push it to its boundaries.

…

As Barbara put the final now empty glass down on the table a couple of hours later she stifled a burp. A heavy weight now present in her bloated stomach from all the liquid she had drunk during the day, her bladder still felt reasonably empty but that would soon change. But as much discomfort came her way she knew she had a job to do, she had to help her friends and sister win this contest. She had drunk more than this on a night out, but never with the aim of holding it longer than whenever she got home. On occasion she had woken up after a night of drinking the following afternoon desperate to pee, almost leaking, but she always made it to the toilet dry. This time would be no different she told herself.

Janet on the other hand was not so sure on her holding abilities, caught between desperately running to the toilet and holding on for the money. Despite sipping it slowly the last drink had made its way to her ever filling bladder, the tightness of her elasticated skirt increasing slightly. Crossing her legs was now almost a necessity as her fidgeting increased, trying not to be to obvious she was relieved to see Sasha starting to exhibit the same body language. Perhaps if she could last until the morning, the pair of them could go to the toilets together and neither would technically be the first to let their friends down.

The last few drinks had really snuck up on Sasha, maybe it was the alcohol or the company but she was kicking herself for drinking them so quickly. She hadn’t even thought about it at the time, her attention fully in the conversation just like any other night out. She could also feel the impact of the alcohol starting to get to her, she hadn’t realised it but she had drunk quite a lot during the day and she felt a definite buzz. Maybe it was just the long day getting to her.

“Hey, guys its almost 11, I think im going to call it a night. I want to get a good nights sleep before our trip tomorrow morning” Sasha said, stretching her arms out she suddenly felt a spasm from her bladder….not a good sign.

“Yeah that sounds like a good idea” Janet added, hoping that a good nights sleep would even out her discomfort and need to pee. Although she was slightly worried about the morning. Standing Sasha went light headed, needing to use a hand on the table to steady herself. Although it was Barbara who let out a slight groan as she stood, a hand on her full stomach. Walking towards their rooms the group continued chatting about the days events, before saying their goodnights and walking into their rooms for a hopeful night of restful sleep.

Immediately discarding her clothes across the floor, now standing naked in her room Barbara gently cupped her bloated stomach, inspecting it she pressed slightly. “You better be gone by the morning” she joked at her beer belly bulge. Slowly laying in her bed she could feel the mass of liquid shift inside her, making her move a hand to her stomach and begin gently rubbing it to sooth the discomfort she was feeling. Soon she drifted off into a peaceful nights sleep.

While most of the girls managed to fall into an alcohol induced slumber, Sasha was not so lucky. The pulses of her over filled bladder combined with the spinning room made her feel slightly nauseous. Unaware of how long she had been led there, she adjusted herself slowly, feeling her stomach shifting. Part of her thought about getting a glass of water to see if that would help, but another pulse from her bladder told her that would be a bad idea. Lying on her side she crossed her legs and placed a hand gently between her legs.

The long silence of the night was broken as uneven footsteps made their way down the corridor, before something or someone seemed to walk into the wall next to her room.

“Ssshhh, you have to be quiet” she heard an unknown man say, the only response seemed to be drunk giggling from the woman who was accompanying him.

Oh please, don’t do what I think you are going to do, Sasha thought as she head the lock turn and door of the room next to her open.

Sure enough the sound of a squeaky bed soon filled her room. groaning in annoyance she started to wonder if she was going to get any sleep, could this night get any worse?

“Oh god your so tight”

"Jeeesus!" Sasha muttered out loud, putting her arms around her pillow and pressing it against her ears, but still she could hear the randy couple next door.

“Oh yeah, you love it when im so full” Said a feminine voice, a sense of worry detectable as she faltered while speaking.

Their moans and groans continued for another minute before she heard the woman cry out.

“NO, no, no im going to burst If you press like that”

“Please, I cant, I cant…. You have to Stop!”

But it seemed like her desperate plea’s had the opposite effect as a loud manly grunt filled Sasha's ungrateful ears.

“Shit, shit, shit” She heard the woman squeak before the door of the room next to her smashed open and frantic footsteps raced down the hall way.

Sasha breathed a sigh of relief and somehow now grateful for the silence, even the uneasy Sasha dozed off.

####

Thank you all for the kind comments, I hope you enjoy this chapter!

Still no real Omo from the group but hopefully the goings on, on the ship are enough to keep people interested. The desperation should start to increase from here on out as the girls and everyone else on the ship start to struggle.

Also, this one was a little quicker between chapters as I had almost finished this by the time I posted the first chapter. Guessing from here on out it will be more likely to be a week between each chapter.
