2 Girls 1 Exam

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-12-22 23:54

Two 19 year old girls wanted to learn for a important exam .They decided to do that together after school at Jill’s home.

After their last class, at about 3 pm they went to the bus station.

On the way to the bus station said Nina „ wait just a few minutes for me, i HAVE to go so urgently to the toilet, i didn’t have a chance to go even once all the day long, i have to go necessarily before we leave.“

Jill answered „ i need to wee as well, because i never go to the toilet at school, i am always holding it until i am at home, but i think we are 2 big girls, we can both wait till we are at my home. Let us go before we are missing the bus.“

“It would be really urgent, but i think i‘ll be able to wait for a little longer.“ said Nina.

That all was like music in Jill‘s ears, because she was in omorashi since she could remember.

She did like to overfill her own bladder and she did love to see someone else desperate to pee. To see Nina desperate was always a big desire for her.

Jill was bisexual and Nina had exactly the body she loved, very slim and nearly boyish.

Jill was so many times turned on at gym about the thin girls body. She always wanted to see that legs crossed from needing to wee and she wanted to see that fat belly swollen from a big overfilled bladder.

Now she was her dream very near, Nina didn’t piss since early morning and she was needing to go very badly.

Jill didn’t want to let her go at home as long as possible, that was her goal, but how could she realize that goal?

“I really need to wee very badly, it is urgent since already before lunch, but there was always something what prevented me from going.“ said the girl, with her sexy legs tight crossed as they were waiting at the station for the bus.

“Oh my poor is needing to wee so bad.“ said Jill to tease the other girl and to make her speak about her need. She enjoyed every second to see her suffer.

Half an hour later they were in front of the door of Jill‘s parents home. Nina was standing bended over and with crossed legs during Jill opened the door so slowly as possible.

As soon as they were inside pressed Nina both hands between her slim thighs and said „ first of all show me your bathroom before i wet my panties.“

“First of all we go to the living room and then we make a plan what we are doing and how we are doing it. Weeing is not the most important thing , that can wait, our full bladders can stay full for a while longer!“ said Jill the dominant of the two.

Nina was more a devote type and did let lead her to the living room although her bladder was already painful overfilled.

Jill offered her a drink, because a drink is always good for to increase the need of a girl who is needing already to wee like crazy!

Jill was anyway in mood to torture her own bladder at the same way as she wanted torture Nina‘s bladder.

After a while asked Nina silent „ may i finally wee now?“

“Sure you may, but did you ever try to hold your wee back until you can’t hold it anymore?“ asked Jill.

“You mean deliberately?“ asked Nina.

“Yes, deliberately. I mean need to go, but don’t go. I mean to make the bladder full to it’s absolutely limit. Holding it back until it gets impossible to hold it.

I am doing that sometimes when i am coming home from school with my bladder very full. I don’t then go to the bathroom for hours longer because i like that feeling.“ answered Jill.

“Doesn’t hurt this? All my belly hurts already from needing to wee.“ said Nina.

“Yes it hurts a little, but it is a special kind of pain and it is exciting and arousing at the same way. I think we should try it today.“ answered Jill.

“ I don’t know if i want hurt myself and i can’t learn when i need to wee so bad.“ said the other girl.

“Okay, then we change the plan, we don’t learn for the exam today, we learn you to hold your pee.

I am sure that you will like it! said Jill and did take Nina to her room before her parents came home.

Nina was not bisexual until now, but she was always attracted by Jill and therefore she agreed to come along and to hold her wee for her.

Jill was in heaven, but she wanted more, she wanted to see that girl naked and she wanted to have sex with her.

“What do you think, who of us is needing to wee worse and who of us is holding more wee inside?“ asked Jill.

“I don’t know, i only know that i can’t think anything else than to pee and that my bladder is hard as bowling ball.“answered the suffering girl.

“My bladder is hard and big as well! Can we strip our clothes that we can compare our bladders?“ ask Jill.

Nina agreed again and said „but not my panties.“

They were nude except their panties.

“Your body is gorgeous, it is so wonderful slim. I admired your body since i saw you the first time in gym.“said Jill.

“Oh no, i am much to skinny. I always admired your body, your round breast, your ass and your round hips.“ answered Nina.

Jill couldn’t get enough of Nina‘s sexy, thin body and about her bulging bladder.

“Your bladder is amazing, how can such a ultra slim girl have such a big bladder? You can’t imagine how much you turn me on!!“ said Jill and caressed the slim, naked body.

Nina did let her do it and started to love it.

Jill could not resist to press softly on her swollen bladder.

Nina moaned and said „don’t push on it! That thing will explode if you push it.“

Jill was already very horny and moved her hand in Nina‘s panties. She slid with one finger through her slit. She could feel the wetness of her pussy.

It was not wee, it was love juice, because the skinny girl was horny as hell as well. It was the first time that she was getting touched by a girl.

Jill stripped both panties. They were now both totally naked.

The skinny was needing to piss so unbelievably bad, she was getting tortured so much that she was nearly losing her mind from piss need and horniness.

Jill massaged her bladder with one hand and stocked her pussy with the other hand until Nina had the strongest orgasm of her life.

Jill was cuming at the same time because she was rubbing her bladder bulge and her pussy on Nina‘s nude, slim thigh.

“That was fantastic, you made me hear the angels singing. We should learn again together very soon.“ said the shy, skinny girl, smiled and had her legs knotted because she was still full to explode.

“Oh yes, we should do that very soon again!“ said Jill and pressed hard on Nina’s overfilled bladder.

*001*2024-12-29 00:31

A half an hour later were the two girls still lying in the bed, their still had not weed, their bladders were still extremely full.

Their bodies were pressed hard against each other, they were entangled like lovers.

Jill was in heaven, she dreamed since a long time to lie with that girl totally naked in the bed and to feel her skinny body on her own body.

She dreamed that in that thin belly would be a very, very full when she is needing to pee very bad for herself.

She was nearly at the goal of her dreams.

She kissed that girl very tender and could not get enough of that slim body and of those wet kisses.

For Nina on the other hand was all that new, but very exciting as well to get kissed by a girl and to be so horny because of a girl and about all that situation.

She did always like Jill very much and she always felt that it was more than that, but she didn’t exactly know what she was feeling.

A little later whispered Nina “sorry but i HAVE to wee now, i can’t wait any longer.”

”You don’t have to wee, you just want to wee. You tell me since hours that you can’t wait anymore, but you are still waiting and you will see that you will be able to wait for hours longer.” answered Jill.

”Maybe i can wait a little longer, although it is already painful, but as you said it’s another kind of pain, it’s arousing as well need to wee so very badly.” said Nina.

” I am in love with you since the first time i saw you. I love your face, i love your body, i love simply all of you, but on the other hand i want you make you suffer the strongest need to pee and i want to torture your poor bladder as much as possible. There must be something wrong with me!!??” said Jill.

”There is nothing wrong, but i am afraid that i am not regular, i think that i love you too, i am in love with a girl and i like to get tortured. This is crazy.” said Nina.

”Call your parents that we are learning for our exam and that you will stay overnight and i go in the kitchen for something to eat and to drink for us.” offered Jill.

Nina agreed, because it was Friday and they didn’t have to get up early at Saturday and she wanted to spend the night with her new “girlfriend .”

As Jill came back with a little snack was the skinny girl lying with her naked, slim legs tight knotted.

”I need to wee so bad!” said Nina silent.

”I know, i am full to burst as well, but we don’t wee before sleeping, our bladders have to stay full and they have to get much fuller!” said Jill, kissed her girl and pressed softly on her swollen bladder.

*003*2024-12-30 23:07

{{On 12/29/2024 at 3:30 AM, SpaceWonderer said:

Love this story, please write more chapters.

}}

I am glad that you like my story.

