Anna Accident Part 2 (Final)

Author: MisticHD_

*000*2018-03-10 06:24

It has been a few days since Anna's messy accident. Things have settled down since the relatives left and Anna can finally start to enjoy her break. Ever since her incident she's felt quite turned on getting away with messing herself. "I might have some more popcorn today. My family is going to the mall tomorrow and I just have to do laundry." Anna thought pondering the idea.

It's late in the afternoon and Anna decides to sneak back downstairs to the basement to get the popcorn. She finds it tucked back in the same spot she left it. Anna grabs a few handfuls and begins eating, "Mmm it's so delicious. Oh I wish I could eat the whole bag!" Anna thought finishing her helpings. She swallows the last piece and hides the bag again before going upstairs for dinner. It's taco night!

Anna cannot pass up enjoying plenty of tacos, especially when her mom makes them with steak. Her favorite.

After dinner and later that evening, Anna begins to feel pretty full and stomach is bloated. She sits resting watching tv in her room before bed. "Ooh my stomach is really bloated. That popcorn isn't sitting well with those tacos I ate! My family better leave early tomorrow, I don't want to get caught that's for sure," Anna thought massaging her belly. "I hope I can hold it until they at least leave for the mall" She ponders remembering her messy close call. Anna falls asleep anticipating her bowel movement she's going to have tomorrow.

The next morning Anna yawns and stretches. She stumbles out of bed and downstairs. There's a note on the kitchen counter. Anna rubs the sleep from her eyes. It reads, "Anna, we left early for mall this morning for the big 30% off sale. Breakfast out for you. We'll be back later tonight."

Anna grins now having the whole day to herself. She looks at the table to see a plate of pancakes out for her.

Anna enjoys her breakfast and gets ready for the day. She throws on a blue flannel and just some pink panties since she is alone all day. Anna takes her dirty clothes down to start her laundry. Her bowels are feeling very full. "I'll have to go to the bathroom soon, I think those pancakes moved things along faster than I expected" Anna thought loading her clothes into the washer. She comes across her striped panties that she pooped in a few days ago.

"Just seeing these gets me excited" Anna says starting the washer. She goes back upstairs to watch some tv in her room. Anna's bladder is also filling, but not yet as bothersome as her massive load getting ready to force it's way out soon. She wiggles around in mild discomfort. Anna feels the urge to pee become a bit more desperate as her tv show comes to an end.

"Uh I really have to go now, but I'll wait a few more minutes... I haven't been this desperate since I was stuck in traffic awhile ago. I had a wet patch on my panties and I nearly had an accident!" Anna gasps squirming a bit. She grabs her crotch feeling her bladder contract. Anna gasps crossing her legs. She sits up deciding it's time to go to the toilet. Then all of a sudden her cell phone rings.

"Now?! Really who could it be!?" Anna groans fumbling it in her hands. She's standing in her room now. A few paces away from the bathroom down the hall. She answers the phone.

"Um h-hello?" Anna whimpers now squirming and holding her crotch. Her bowels are now so full from the special popcorn and breakfast, that it's now urging it's way out.

"Hey Anna it's Jane! How are you? Did you have a good holiday? I've missed you so much!" Her good friend Jane that lives a few doors down has always been pretty close, especially now that they've gotten older.

Anna replies, "Oh y-yes hi Jane I'm doing alright thanks! And I did, how was yours?" She stutters. Her bladders contracts again squirting a hot jet of pee into her panties. She crosses her legs in pure desperation.

"Oh that's great! I'm glad you had a good time! Hey you should come over just like old times. That would be really fun!" Jane says enthusiastically and completely unaware of Anna's struggle.

"Oh yeah that would be nice haha," Anna replies. Her pink panties now have a large wet spot of her warm pee, and she is losing her battle against her bowels. Anna can't take much more of this before she messes her panties.

A pre poop fart escapes as Anna's bowels churn, really now aching to be released. "Oh what was that? Are you okay Anna?" Jane asks.

"Oh yeah just a squeaky door. No worries Jane. Can I call you back?" Anna says doubling over feeling her bulging bladder about to burst.

"What about coming over? And okay I'll talk to you soon Anna!" Jane replies.

Anna pauses. She can't hold it in any longer. She freezes as she loses control of her bladder and warm pee soaks her pink panties and streams down her legs in yellow streaks. Finally she says, "Yeah maybe tomorrow! Bye Jane!" Anna hangs up and tries to stop herself from peeing.

"Oh It's still coming! I really need the toilet!" Anna squeals. She reaches behind and takes two fingers to help close her anus. Her massive load that's been kept inside for too long is now about to fill her already soaking panties. Anna is stepping carefully to the bathroom.

She's almost there and her bowels churn again. Another cramp as her tired anus loses control and a thick turd begins pushing its way into her panties. Anna's warm pussy already wet with warm pee is damp and Anna is really turned on. "Mmmmph I'm just going to go now! It feels amazing..." Anna gasps relieving all the built up pressure from her anus as her enters the bathroom.

One last smelly fart escapes as she closes her eyes and the thick warm load crackles and emerges into her wet panties. Anna moans and gasps as she allows the first turd to poke and break in between her asscheeks. She can't resist it any longer. Anna takes her fingers gyrating them over her panties on her soaked pussy. "Mmmm oh mmmph I'm such a naughty messy bitch... oh mmm" Anna moans feeling more of her load expanding in her panties.

Her panties are so full that she can't fully empty her bowels so Anna pulls them down and sits on the toilet. She doesn't have to push as more and more turds stretch her tight ass as she fingers herself harder. "Ohooh mmmm I'm cumming mmmmm... ooooh yes" Anna whimpers as she bites her lip feeling the pleasure ride through her.

When she comes to her senses Anna empties her panties and cleans up her naughty accident. "I hope Jane didn't suspect anything. That would be pretty weird and I'd have a lot of explaining to do" Anna thought putting on a new pair of panties.

"Time to finish laundry and call Jane back now! Being home alone wasn't so bad today. Maybe I'll do it again soon, and be really naughty girl," Anna thought prancing downstairs.

