The Unknown Fetish

Author: MLPro

*000*2018-03-28 06:45

This was a DeviantArt request which was pretty interesting to do. So yeah.

It had been a good thing that the Tender Taps and his marefriend Apple Bloom had gotten so much sleep, because this day was to be jam-packed for Tender’s dancing career, and Bloom’s fellow Crusaders had allowed her to take the day off to support him. However, Tender’s deep slumber was abruptly ended by his bladder practically throbbing inside him. He quickly grabbed his crotch and started squirming around to keep control of himself. His movements stirred Bloom beside him and she wrapped her forelegs tightly around him in a sleepy attempt at a morning cuddle.

“Sorry to wake you Bloom, can you let me up? I gotta pee, like now.”

“Five more minutes…” Bloom murmured, still half-asleep and oblivious to the situation.

Tender groaned, wrapping his legs around each other and grinding his flanks into the bed. “No seriously, I’m actually gonna piss all over us. I can’t fucking hold it.” He gasped as a wave of desperation hit him and he squirmed harder.

When Bloom didn’t answer, Tender tried to worm his way out of her grasp, but her Apple strength prevented that from happening. Suddenly, a spurt of pee escaped him and he squealed, gripping his dick harder to stem the flow.

Finally, Bloom was awake enough to notice her coltfriend’s distress. “Shit, sorry,” she said as she reluctantly let go of him. He bolted out of the bed and power-walked to the bathroom, a hoof still between his legs ans his flanks shaking violently. He didn’t even bother closing the door before he made his way to the toilet and released his pent-up urine, loudly sighing with relief as it gushed out of him. After finally finishing and flushing and washing his hooves and such, Tender walked back into the bedroom, smiling contently.

“A morning pee never felt so good,” he joked, before he noticed Bloom was staring at him blankly with a deep blush on her face. “You okay?”

Bloom blinked. “Uh...yeah.” She brought her forelegs out from under the covers.

“I’m not mad at you, it’s not your fault you were half asleep. Besides, I made it,” Tender reassured her, rubbing her shoulder affectionately.

“Yeah, thanks,” Bloom replied with a sheepish grin. “So uh…should we get ready for today or…”

“Yes, we should,” Tender grinned back.

###

The couple decided to eat at a breakfast nook that was just a few blocks from their house, wanting the most energizing meal possible for Tender’s busy day. Bloom even insisted her coltfriend have a second cup of coffee for an “extra energy boost” and plenty of water to “stay hydrated,” and naturally he agreed that was a good idea. When they were almost done, Bloom told Tender she had forgotten something and left, returning a few minutes later when the check arrived.

Over the years, Ponyville had expanded beyond the small, quiet town it once was and into a bustling city not unlike Manehattan, meaning there were plenty of big buildings that Tender had to visit today and taxi carriages to take them there. So he and Bloom boarded one of these taxis to head to his first destination, where he would be a guest teacher for a class of aspiring dancers. Tender was more of a performer than a teacher himself, but he couldn’t say no to the offer considering that a lot of the foals in the class were huge fans of him, and he loved meeting his fans. The foals were excited to meet Bloom also, considering she was a Cutie Mark Crusader and being popular with foals was part of the job.

The class went by smoothly without too much difficulty; these foals were quick learners and Tender was more than happy to have worked with them. As he and Bloom left for their next destination, which would be a meeting to schedule future performances, she gave him a bottle of water to replenish his energy.

When Tender settled into the taxi, he felt that fullness in his abdomen indicating that the coffee from earlier was starting to go through him. Of course, he had drank two cups of coffee this morning for some reason, which made the urge worse than usual. Why did he have two cups again? What was the point? He shifted slightly before crossing his legs, regret filling him almost as much as that damn coffee. Well, surely there was time to make a quick pit stop before the meeting.

###

Tender started to walk briskly to the building he was to go into, eager to find a bathroom quickly before the meeting started, but he was stopped halfway by Bloom who was attempting to catch up to him.

“Whoa, slow down,” she chuckled. “We ain’t in no rush.”

“I actually gotta piss,” Tender replied as the two headed toward the meeting room.

“Your meeting’s gonna start in two minutes,” Bloom said. “There’s no time. You can wait ‘till after, right?”

“Well, yeah. But I thought you said there was no rush.”

“Yeah, but…didn’t want you to get so far ahead of me.”

“I guess that’s fair,” Tender waved goodbye as he entered the meeting room, sitting in one of the corner chairs so he could squirm a bit more without being too much of a distraction. More liquid had been filling his bladder since the taxi ride and the extra caffeine was doing nothing but irritate him. But, he thought as he crossed his legs again, it’s just a one-hour meeting. Bloom’s right, I can wait that long.

That was easier said than done.

The first fifteen minutes were fine, really. Tender was able to stay relatively still and actually pay attention to the meeting itself. But it was around the fifteen minute mark where his urge intensified and he was left shifting around in his seat every so often. By the time fifteen more minutes had passed, he couldn’t focus on anything at all other than his bladder, and he squirmed harder to hold it in, uncrossing and recrossing his legs.

He started to worry over whether or not he would actually be able to hold it for the rest of this meeting. No one was allowed to leave, so he either had to hold it or have an accident all over the seat. That was too embarrassing for Tender to think about for too long, but it was starting to become more and more of a possibility. Tender made sure no one was looking, and he slid a hoof down to his crotch, crossing his legs over it and continuing to shift in his seat. And thankfully, it helped, his bladder actually seemed to calm down a little and he was able to make it through the rest of the meeting without any difficulties.

As soon as the meeting ended, though, he was one of the first out the door, where Bloom was waiting for him.

“Be right back,” Tender told his marefriend, but she stopped him before he could take another step.

“I hate to break it to ya, but I was checking out the bathrooms earlier and you won’t be able to use them,” Bloom said, shrugging.

“Wait, really?” Tender walked over to where the bathrooms were only to see very crudely drawn “Out of Order” signs on each of the doors.

“Seriously?” Tender groaned, bouncing in place to contain the liquid aching to get out.

“Well, we should go ahead and get to the restaurant then,” Bloom said, taking him to the taxi that would take them to lunch.

###

This taxi ride was the bumpiest taxi ride that Tender had ever been on. Or, maybe it just felt that way because he had to pee so badly. Either way, every tiny bump sent him cringing and contorting himself to stay dry, his hoof never leaving his cock. For some reason, Bloom thought this whole ordeal was funny, but she was still able to comfort her coltfriend and reassure him that he could make it.

When they arrived at the restaurant, Tender headed for the bathroom only to find it closed for maintenance for the next hour. He groaned and doubled over against the pressure, trying to calm himself down enough to be able to make it through lunch. He took a few deep breaths before sitting down to eat with Bloom, legs crossed and hoof tapping.

“You definitely aren’t having the best of luck,” Bloom smirked, slurping her drink audibly which caused Tender to squirm in desperation.

“Good thing I have some time to go before we have to leave,” Tender replied. “I’m nearly bursting over here.”

Even so, Bloom insisted that Tender have some more water to drink so that he could stay hydrated. He reluctantly drained his glass, motivated by the knowledge that he could finally piss after lunch was over.

Except by the time he finished and returned to the bathroom, there was a line. Well, these ponies had better hurry up because Tender only had ten minutes before he had to leave.

He tapped his hoof and shook his flanks against the pressure, crossing his legs against any intense urge that came up. As the minutes passed by, he became more and more nervous as he realized he probably wasn’t going to be able to go; there were too many ponies and they were taking way too long. His fears were confirmed when the ten minutes were up and he was still the third pony in line. Reluctantly, he left to catch up to Bloom.

“I can’t believe it. You still couldn’t go?” she asked him as they boarded another taxi.

Tender could only give a pained moan in response.

Of course, now was the time where he had an actual scheduled performance, and he wasn’t sure how he was going to do it when he had to pee so badly. He just hoped that maybe there would be some time before he had to be onstage.

###

Tender cantered as fast as possible into the building where his performance would take place; the faster he reached the changing room, the more time he could have to take a much-needed leak before he put on his uniform. Unfortunately, he was stopped by a very energetic fan.

“Hey Tender Taps!” the orange pegasus exclaimed. “How ya doing?”

Not wanting to be rude, he stopped to address her. “I’m doing well. Just have a performance soon, so –”

“Well, I know that! I’m here to see it! I bet you’ll do great,” she put an arm around him with such force that it jarred his bladder slightly. The one which he definitely would not be able to empty before the performance at this point. He bit back a sigh of frustration and smiled at his fan.

“Thanks, well I gotta get into uniform. See ya,” he said before continuing on the way to the changing room.

“Kay, see ya!” she called after him.

This was not good. Tender was either going to have a terrible performance or he was going to piss his pants in front of everyone, and he wasn’t sure which was worse. He decided that he would just hold it for as long as he could, and maybe it wouldn’t be so bad.

Of course, he had the routine down via muscle memory, and was naturally and effortlessly executing all the steps. The only problem was trying not to visibly cringe during every pang from his bladder. He rocked his flanks as subtly as possible, and he was tapping his hooves anyway considering this was a tap dance. Nonetheless, he spent the whole time just waiting for it to be over.

Finally, it was over, and he took a hasty bow before bolting back to the changing room. His bladder felt like it was about to spill over any second, and there was no way he could last through any more delays. He entered the changing room and was about to finally enter the bathroom when a force knocked him against the wall to start a make out session. It was Bloom (thankfully her and no one else), but there was seriously no time.

“Hey, sorry,” he cut her off. “I still gotta pee. Badly.”

“Oh, well now that you mention it,” Bloom said before going into the bathroom and locking the door.

Shit.

“Hurry up! I’m gonna explode!” Tender called after her, grabbing his crotch and bouncing around the room until he was hit with another urge and a small leak escaped. He gasped before crossing his legs and shaking his flanks until the urge passed, but he knew the next leak would break the dam. And it was right there.

“Bloom, I – fuck! I’m gonna piss myself, I can’t hold it, hurry up…shit!”

Bloom opened the door just as Tender lost complete control. His already dark pants turned a few shades darker as rivulets of urine stained them within a matter of seconds, and then a puddle started growing rapidly around his hooves. He became lost in the moment, moaning in near-orgasmic relief and content that the pressure bothering him all day was finally gone. As the last of the urine escaped his bladder, he felt another kiss.

“That was hot as hell. All that shit I went through today, it was worth it.”

“Wait, what do you mean?” Tender cocked an eyebrow in confusion.

“Well, maybe I oughta explain it to you like this,” Bloom said, before putting on her best Rainbow Dash impression: “Gotcha.”

“Wait – this was a prank?” Tender couldn’t help the wide grin that spread across his face.

“Have you ever pranked someone before?” Tender asked sleepily to his marefriend as she turned off the lights and crawled into bed with him.

“Can’t say I have,” she replied before yawning, her mouth open so wide that Tender found it to be adorable. “Rainbow Dash and Pinkie Pie were always the pranksters. I’ve never considered it myself.”

“Would you be willing to…you know, prank me one day?”

The request took Bloom a little by surprise. “Why?”

Tender blushed deeply before muttering, barely audibly, “It kinda turns me on.”

Bloom chuckled before wrapping a foreleg around the pony she loved, especially when he became all vulnerable like this. “Never knew pranking could be a fetish. But I’ll humor you.” She pecked Tender lightly on the muzzle as sleep started to take over.

“Thanks. I’m sure I’ll love it,” Tender replied as the two dozed off in each other’s arms.

“I knew you wanted me to prank you someday,” Bloom explained. “And seeing you so desperate this morning, it turned me on. I knew I wanted to see it again, except with you…not making it. I got Sweetie Belle and Scootaloo to help, too. Makin’ signs and stuff, as well as Sweetie’s hologram-producing spell and Scootaloo’s acting skills. So…did you like it?”

Tender didn’t have to say anything. The large bulge that now rested in his wet pants was all Bloom needed to know. She tackled her coltfriend to the ground, pulling his pants down and sucking passionately at his hard cock, bringing him to his latest overwhelming relief of the day.

As they lay there together, they both knew: this was happening again. Why would it not?

Hope you enjoyed! I'm gonna do Rainbow Dash next, so look forward to that!

