Help me decide on what to write :D

Author: Misteriousmr

*000*2016-04-22 17:18

Ello thar!

So, recently, I've been thinking about writing my own Fanfiction, just 4 da lulz. Problem is: I have so many ideas I can't choose, so I want to ask you guys; what do you want to see?

Following are the things that I have thought about writing, in order of how well I think they would turn out:

- Pokémon

- An original tale about humans with powers, think "back from the brank" spinoff

- Metroid

- Smash Brothers

- Monster Musume (a.k.a. "Everyday life with monster girls")

- The Binding of Isaac

- Minecraft or something? I dunno...

Anyway, let me know what you want to see! It'll probably be mostly straight up Omo, maybe some DL if it's requested, and hell, maybe I'll throw some other things in there as well if I feel like it ;)

I'll post a link in this forum if/when I start, so stay tuned ;)

- Glenn

*003*2016-04-22 20:41

Sadly, I am unfamiliar with yugioh :/

Definitely trainers, but the Pokémon will play a role in it ;)

Actually, your story sparked the idea I had for Monster Musume, as it showed me there's something there, I just want to give it my own twist.

Papi seems like the easiest one to write for, as she is one of the few that wears pants etc. But my fave is Suu ;) an I wanted to add my own monsters as well (I already have one in mind; a sp00py ghost)

*006*2016-04-22 22:01

I'm sorry, but I don't understand you :/

*008*2016-04-23 07:39

Lemon mishap ey ;) but that's why it's Low on the list.

Honestly, I'd rather focus on a few things that I think I can really use than have a million ideas that are "meh".

I once wrote a Harvest moon fanfic, but I didn't like it :/

*009*2016-04-23 14:42

Ok, so, here's what I'm going to do;

I'm gonna start with the Pokemon one, and then move on to the next, then to the next etc. and these may run simultaniously.

Thanks all for the help and suggestions!

Glenn

*010*2016-04-24 20:16

For those interested: my Pokemon omo fanfic

%https://omorashi.org/topic/30749-pokemon-defnitely-a-water-type/

