Together in Times Of Desperation (book 2 of Sarah and Will) - Page 4

*075*2020-10-03 12:59

{{1 hour ago, wannawatch said:

Any good story has twists and turns in them the reader did not expect..I think it's safe to sat t h i s story more than meets expectations ! Well, mine anyway

I'm thrilled to read Will somehow survives this awkward moment, and yes-I'm dying to know how this will develop further !

}}

So glad to hear it’s living up to (and maybe even exceeding?) your expectations. I have invested a lot into writing this and knowing others are enjoying it means a lot.

*077*2020-10-04 09:46

Chapter 29:

Sarah couldn’t leave, not only because she was embraced by her lover whose hands explored her ravenously but because she never wanted this moment of ecstasy to end. She’d just released everything in her bladder and now she needed to release sexually like never before. Held securely by Will’s strong arms and body she allowed her own hand to reach into the toilet and access her swollen and throbbing vagina. Her muscles might be exhausted from holding back her bladder but they were now ready and willing to help her cum in another even greater way.

Sarah stroked herself, rubbing her hard clitoris and inserting her fingers into her very ready and open body, moaning with the pleasure it brought her while her lover simultaneously caressed the back of her neck with his tongue and stimulated her nipples and breasts with his glorious fingers.

As Will’s body relaxed from his sexual climax and his penis very slowly returned to a more flaccid feeling despite how sexually aroused he was was, it brought Will a huge dilemma. That was until his mind flashed back to emails and text conversations he’d had, and read over and over again, with Sarah. He might not be able to physically penetrate her now he had just cum and due to the way they sat but his now urgent feelings might have their uses in other ways. With a glint in his eye Will sucked Sarah’s neck enticingly before lifting his mouth away and whispering in her ear.

Sarah closed her eyes, escaping into a world of absolute sexual heaven as she craved more of Will than she’d ever had before. Visualising the very image she’d walked into just minutes before, she smiled at the thought of Will masterbating himself in her flowery panties as she stroked herself faster and faster, sliding two fingers in and out of her open and dripping vagina as she did so. What an absolute fantasy to see a man she loved and lusted after so dearly using her own underwear to bring himself off. Sarah didn’t think things could get any better, but then Will sucked at her neck and said something that threatened to have her explode rapturously.

‘Sarah, my honey, I haven’t been to the toilet since I got up this morning. I’ve been holding it for hours my lovely. But now you are pressing on my rock hard bladder and my penis is dangling into a toilet...and I’m absolutely bursting for a piss. Would you mind awfully if I let go? It’s ever so urgent you see.’

Breathlessly Sarah replied:

‘Hold it please honey. I so want you to piss as I orgasm. Please...for me?’

Will gasped. He could feel the length of his dick fill with pee. He so longed to please Sarah but did she not understand just how horrendously urgent his need to pee now was?

*079*2020-10-04 13:49

{{1 hour ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Love these latest two chapters! The last one is such a fantasy of mine, both the aspect of sitting on a willing partners lap to pee, and then finding it turns him on so much he can’t help but cum in his pants (or panties as it were hehe). Sooooo hot

}}

One of my fantasies too and this is one of the many times I woukd so love to be Sarah!

*080*2020-10-05 08:37

Chapter 30:

‘I’ll....I’ll try.’

Sarah moaned as her fingers slid in and out her own body easily and naturally. Holding her own bladder for some time had already turned her on like crazy but now, combined with the image of Will sitting on the toilet stroking himself over her own underwear and now hearing Will say how much he had to pee...it was like paradise and Sarah wanted and needed to keep in that sacred place as long as possible. Closing her eyes she allowed herself to be immersed solely in the moment as her body relaxed and embraced every sense that surrounded her.

Will was struggling. He couldn’t bounce a leg, cross his legs, or even hold himself. All he had was his inner strength and will power as he hoped his girlfriend would climax very soon. The tingling and urges were no longer coming in waves now; it was a constant throbbing and pressure that was impossible to ignore. His testicles felt huge and heavy and his bladder hard and sore. And while his penis wasn’t erect it seemed to still jerk and jump on its own as Will closed his eyes and gritted his teeth. Even with his teeth clenched he couldn’t help but moan as the need to release the built up pressure was so severe.

‘Mmmmmmm’

Shaking with pleasure, her body hot and excited, Sarah continued to bring herself pleasure sat on her boyfriends lap as they both straddled her toilet. The sound of Sarah’s mucus squelched as her fingers explored her own body and were only interrupted my Will’s agonising pleas.

‘Oh God Sarah I can’t hold this. Ohhhhh fuck.’

Sarah could feel Will’s penis move against her bare bottom as her fingers pulsated in and out as suddenly she heard a small hiss and the noise of liquid splashing.

Even with the weight of Sarah on his knee Will almost pushed her off as he pulled back slightly, ramming his back against the toilet seat as he fought the pressure with all he had and lost momentarily as a spurt shot out his aching penis.

‘Fuck! I NEED to go babe!’

‘I know sweetie. I need to orgasm too. You won’t deny me that now will you? Mmmmm..’

Will clenched his fists and tightened his arms desperately trying to control his body to bring his beloved Sarah pleasure. He held his breath then released it slowly, pushing through his clenched teeth as the pressure mounted even more now that a spurt had already escaped. Once again his back arched and his bottom lifted from the toilet despite the weight of his girlfriend as Will’s body tensed from the top of his head to the tip of his toes as his penis rose and fell as it tried to contain the mammoth volume inside his bladder. As Sarah moaned in pleasure as she continued to delight her own body Will yelped as another spurt leaked and sprayed into Sarah’s toilet.

Sarah didn’t want to hurt Will but hearing his moaning and heavy breathing, feeling his tense body rise and fall and hearing his spurts of pee fall into the toilet under them both was orgasmic and heavenly. She knew she was seconds away from climax but she wasn’t about to stop.

‘It’s....it’s...I can’t stop this....it’s about to come! Jesus I have to GO babe!’

Will’s body shook with urgency and Sarah shook as she climaxed, both bodies wedged together and both sharing the same toilet. With her feet on the floor Sarah raised her thighs slightly off of Will’s as she bent forwards, one hand between her legs as she moaned in delight as her vagina swallowed her own fingers and encapsulated her sexual dreams.

Will meanwhile pushed his whole body back as his hand reached over and grabbed Sarah’s sink to steady himself as his other hand grabbed a handful of Sarah’s auburn hair and clenched it tight as a long spurt shot out again from between his legs, this time running down Sarah’s naked bottom before dripping into the toilet pan below.

Sarah groaned and moaned as her body took her to the place she loved most, where nothing else mattered but her pleasure and there was no longer any ability left in her to hold back. It might be her own fingers but it didn’t make any difference as she gave in to the waves of pleasure and adrenaline, made all the more beautiful as the warmth of Will’s urine ran down her inner thigh and trickled down all the way to her ankle.

The spurt stopped and Will yelled in a mix of delight, pain and relief as he could hold back not a millisecond longer. He’d reached his limit, his absolute end, and his body slowly released it’s tension as a long hard steady single stream bounced off Sarah’s rear end and ran down her legs or bounced back and gravity caused it to cascade into the pan beneath. Still clutching the sink and Sarah’s hair Will half stood, half straddled as his bladder took over a minute to full empty as he couldn’t help but sigh in happiness and exhaustion.

‘That feels SO much better!

‘Definitely!’

*081*2020-10-06 09:25

Chapter 31:

Finally Will let go of the sink and his lover’s hair as he felt the weight of the world lift off him.

‘Phew’

‘That was incredible Will!’

Still half straddled over her boyfriend who was stuck behind her and now sitting back down on her toilet with his legs either side, Sarah took some toilet roll and wiped herself as normal then dropped it between her legs and Will’s into the toilet pan. She then leaned forward and pulled her underwear and jeans up finding fastening them easy now her bladder was empty. Stepping forwards and going over to the sink to wash her hands Sarah looked over at Will smiling.

‘So, are you keeping my knickers on or wearing your own? You know you really suit flowery pants Will.’

Will felt his face flush as he looked up at Sarah who was winking and smiling. How had he landed such an incredible woman? She was definitely his princess as he smiled back unable to form cohesive words. With nothing but his socks on below the waist and not sure wether to step out Sarah’s panties or not he instinctively reached down to his own boring boxers and slipped them on over his lover’s underwear. He felt naughty and horny and hearing Sarah giggle gave him shivers of delight. Pulling on his slacks he saw a slight damp spot but rather than being ashamed like he had in the past he felt instead a huge pride that he hadn’t had a full on wetting like the day in school and he’d once again used a toilet that wasn’t his own one in his apartment. Sarah was showing time and time again how she was his key to breakthrough. As Sarah stepped back to dry her hands on her towel he fastened his trousers and stepped towards the sink to wash his hands.

‘So how did you get on decorating today Will? I can’t wait to see!’

Will splashed cold water on his face to help bring his senses back to the present and make sure he wasn’t dreaming. Drying his hands and face on the towel Sarah had just handed him he took a moment to find the right words after such an intense sexual experience.

‘I’ll...I’ll show you. What’s the time Sarah?’

‘Just after half three.’

Sarah took Will’s hand, raising it to her mouth and kissing it gently as she guided him out the bathroom and downstairs to her main room. As they both walked in Sarah paused to look at every wall.

‘Wow! What a difference honey! You...you didn’t paint the window surround too? Oh my goodness how smart and fresh does this room look now. I feel like royalty having a room this lovely. Thank you so much!’

Sarah leaned over to kiss Will deeply and passionately.

After a minute Will pulled back, untangling his tongue from Sarah’s.

‘It’s not even finished yet but if this is what I get for painting a room I might just offer to paint your full house now!’

Sarah laughed.

‘So what’s left to do then?’

‘Just to paper this wall here. That won’t take long. In fact I’ll get started now so I get finished and home for my grocery delivery tonight. I want you to have somewhere to sit tonight beautiful.’

‘So what would you like me to do to help?’

Will smiled as he hugged Sarah tight.

‘Probably best you make me a coffee because if you stay in this room any longer I’ll definitely not be wall papering your wall!’

‘Maybe if you get it finished on time I’ll give you more than coffee?’

‘Deal! Though don’t forget I need to get home for my Tesco delivery!’

Sarah stepped into her kitchen and filled the kettle smiling. ‘No’, she thought, ‘we mustn’t forget that.’

*082*2020-10-07 06:05

Chapter 32::

Sarah handed Will his drink and then sat at her kitchen table sipping her tea and thinking. In so many ways her life was perfect right now. Will was wonderful, she loved her job and her house was clean and comfortable, yet her heart broke every time she thought about her mum and financial worries burdened her heavily. She peeked through to Will who was whistling to himself as he pasted a roll of wallpaper that he’d brought from his own apartment. Had Will not provided everything to decorate her room she’d definitely not have been able to afford it. It wasn’t even that her counselling business wasn’t viable, the exact opposite in fact, it was just how long and delayed the process was of getting paid from the national health service.

Sarah pulled her laptop over from where it sat at the end of the table and booted it up. She hadn’t managed to get to the bank in person due to her bladder but maybe she could get some assistance online while Will was busy? She had to do something because this was the second month she hadn’t paid herself a salary so that Hannah, her secretary, could be paid and the rent to the landlord wouldn’t bounce. Now the impact on her personal account was serious and in a few days the fees for her mums’s nursing home were due and Sarah couldn’t risk her mum’s care being in jeopardy. She logged into the bank as tears formed in her eyes as she clicked for the online assistance.

Will had never felt more happy or relaxed. He loved the even vertical stripe of the wallpaper, the same one he had in his spare room which he used as his personal gym. In contrast to the cream of Sarah’s living room he had papered three walls of the room in his apartment and thankfully ordered a few more rolls than needed. He loved that this meant Sarah had a part of his apartment in her house and he whistled contentedly as he pasted the paper, hung it, brushed the air bubbles out and trimmed to size. He checked his watch to make sure he was running on time and satisfied himself that all was well.

Sarah outlined to the online bank assistant what her difficulties were and explained that there were large outstanding invoices due to be paid in very soon and that her urgent financial issues should be short lived. The assistant seemed sympathetic and understanding but before she could authorise a short term overdraft extension she needed proof of the sent invoices and when these were due to be paid. She asked in-depth questions relating to Sarah’s business and Sarah answered as best she could.

However, the longer the conversation online went on the more Sarah could feel herself struggling. It was clear that even when the current invoices were honoured Sarah could easily be back in the same situation again if next month’s invoices were not honoured quickly by the health service again. A silent tear ran down Sarah’s face as she accepted that there was little the bank could do right now other than refund some recent bank charges as a matter of goodwill. They did at least offer her an appointment with a business adviser on Thursday morning which Sarah readily accepted. She signed off, put her now empty mug in the dish washer and wiped her face with a tissue.

She just hoped and prayed that Thursday’s meeting would be helpful. It was, after all, just one day before the direct debit for her mum’s nursing home was due and unless a miracle happened Sarah knew there wouldn’t be the money in the account to honour the bill.

As she heard Will next door she determined that this was something he didn’t need to know about, not until she’d at least met with the bank in person. Will didn’t need burdened with her troubles and it was her business so her responsibility to sort.

Will smiled as he saw Sarah come in just as he brushed out the air bubbles of the final strip of paper.

He put his arm around her and kissed the top of her head, sensing Sarah was tense but not sure why.

‘So, what do you think Sarah?’

‘Perfect Will. Absolutely perfect. Just like you.’

*083*2020-10-08 08:56

Chapter 33:

Will hated leaving Sarah to go home but he made sure this time to put her furniture back in place, wash and pack away every roller and brush and put the box of everything he’d used back in his car so Sarah’s house was clean and tidy for her. He arrived home just five minutes before his grocery delivery and after putting it all away he made himself a simple macaroni cheese from scratch, buttering some fresh bread with garlic butter and making home made garlic bread on the side. Sitting down alone to eat his mind ran automatically to Sarah. Why hadn’t he thought to invite her back for dinner again? He was annoyed at himself and text Sarah to apologise.

‘Got back just in time for delivery. Just eating dinner and missing you so much. Can’t believe I never thought to invite you over. Sorry! Hope you are having a nice evening? I love you. Will xx’

Once Will left Sarah sat on her couch alone hating the silence. She switched on the TV but turned it off again after a few minutes as the news headlines sounded so depressing. She was at least grateful for having had a meal at the nursing home earlier since she wasn’t sure what she even had in to eat and she couldn’t use her bank card to order anything. She forced herself to get off the couch and at least look. Just the one slice of bread left so she popped it into the toaster and made herself a mug of tea to wash it down. She missed Will so much but looking all round the room she couldn’t help but feel a small part of him was there with her as the newly decorated room with the perfectly straight vertically lined wallpaper pattern and the immaculately freshly painted walls made her feel warm inside. She’d no sooner finished her toast and tea when she heard her mobile beep.

She typed a short reply to Will then burst out crying when the text didn’t send because her phone had insufficient funds. She thought of using her landline to call him but then she remembered how much Will hated talking on the phone and she cried even more. Walking into the kitchen for tissues her counselling head gave herself a talking to as she dried her eyes for the second time that day and put the tissues in the bin.

‘You are strong Sarah. It’s been a long day with seeing mum and then having to deal with the bank. Will will understand. It’ll all be ok, you’ll see.’

Will felt uneasy when Sarah didn’t reply. Maybe she was in the shower, or cooking, or on a phone call? He’d only left her an hour and a half ago so surely it wasn’t anything serious? Anxiety and paranoia surged and made him feel sick. Maybe she had had enough of him? He’d seen her on her laptop while he was wallpapering so maybe she was chatting online to some other man? Insecurity and jealousy raged through Will until he could no longer finished his meal. He finished his glass of water, scraped the left over food in the bin, washed the dishes and put them in his dishwasher then lifted his car keys.

If something was going on with Sarah he needed to know right now.

*084*2020-10-09 09:50

Chapter 34:

It had been a long day for Sarah and her emotions seemed to be out of control. She missed her dad so much, mourned for her mum who, while still alive, no longer recognised her anymore, and without work to distract her she felt overwhelmed and so alone. Making herself another comforting mug of tea in her favourite mug and finding some left over chocolate in the fridge she took herself up to bed, got into her pj’s and decided she’d try reading to take her mind off her troubles. She wasn’t normally so emotional but even reading she found tears came easily as she read a true story of a young boy who had been abused as a child. Maybe it was hormones? Sarah checked the date on her watch and sighed. She was indeed due her period any day now so she hoped that was what was making everything seem so overbearing. If only she could be held and told that everything would be ok. If only Will was with her right now.

Will drove as always with his sat nav on. He, of course, knew the way to Sarah’s like the back of his hand but the familiar voice and reassurance of the same instructions always calmed him. His mind raced with scenarios that he might find Sarah with someone else, or something awful had happened to her, or maybe someone had kidnapped her? He tried to reason with his catastrophic thoughts but flashbacks to the police informing him of his parents deaths as they had been driving to visit him years before intruded his thoughts. He had to know Sarah was ok. If anything had happened he knew he would be to blame. He should have taken her back to his earlier.

Will pulled behind Sarah’s car in her small driveway and rang her bell. He’d never waited for an answer before, always feeling free to walk in as Sarah had told him to, but this time he hesitated. What if his thoughts were right and she had another man? He couldn’t blame her and she was utterly gorgeous so he certainly couldn’t blame another man for wanting her either. A shiver came over him as he wished he’d put on a jumper now the evening was cold and dark.

Sarah jumped when she heard her door bell. It was dark and late and she felt suddenly scared and vulnerable. Climbing out of bed she walked a few steps down then called out as calmly as she could muster.

‘Hello. Who is it?’

‘It’s just me, Will. I...I just wanted to check you were ok?’

Sarah ran down her stairs almost falling she took them so quickly. She unlocked the door instantly and threw her arms around her man, her hero, her lover.

‘Will, oh Will. Come on in! It’s so good to see you!’

Will felt his eyes welling up. So she didn’t have another man, she hadn’t collapsed or died in a fire. She was alive, well and in his arms! He held her tight pushing the door closed behind him and kissing the delicate auburn hair of his precious princess, never wanting to let her go ever again.

‘You never replied to my text and I panicked.’

‘Oh Will. The stupid phone wouldn’t send my text. I’m so sorry.’

Will looked down at Sarah seeing her in her nightwear.

‘So sorry I got you out of bed. I didn’t mean to do that. I thought you went to bed at 11? Isn’t it only 9:30? Are you ok?’

‘I’m fine. Well just tired and a bit emotional with seeing my mum and stuff. I missed you so much so I just went up to bed to read.’

Sarah paused, not wanting Will to get the wrong impression but longing to have him in bed beside her tonight of all nights. As she held him tight and rested her head on his chest she sighed contentedly.

‘Will please stay the night.’

The world felt much more manageable for Will with Sarah in his arms. He could feel his heart rate relaxing, his body calming and his thoughts settling. It was only now having met Sarah that he finally realised how lonely he’d felt for years.

‘There’s nowhere else I’d rather be Sarah.’

*085*2020-10-10 08:46

Chapter 35

Sarah pulled Will upstairs by his arm like a child pulling a blanket as he tried stepping out his shoes which were still tightly laced up. It wasn’t until Will was on the third step than both of his shoes came off and tumbled down the stairs, lying awkwardly at the bottom, discarded and unneeded.

‘I just want held Will. Do you mind?’

Will was relieved as while Sarah turned him on enormously he felt tired and full having not long finished his dinner. But he wanted to be with Sarah, to hold her, feel her and hear her voice. The world felt so much better when he was with her and in her presence his fears and anxieties felt so much more manageable.

‘As long as I can kiss you?’

‘Absolutely. You can definitely do that Will.’

Will undressed down to his underwear, only now remembering that he had Sarah’s knickers on underneath as he felt the second layer of material on his testicles and upper thigh. He smiled at the memory before climbing into bed beside Sarah who was now wearing only her underpants too.

Sarah stared at Will lovingly as he took his clothes off. She adored his physical body, his broad shoulders, his hairy chest, his firm hips, his gentle hands and his muscular arms. His neatly trimmed beard and perfect blond curls were so soothing to run her fingers through. She desired him, of that there was no doubt, but she also found him safe to be with, comforting, and she connected with him in ways that went way beyond sexual desire. As Will sat in bed beside her and placed his arm around her it just felt special and natural, warm and loving, as if they had been best friends all their lives not strangers a mere 5 weeks ago.

Will couldn’t resist kissing Sarah. He was drawn to her like the sea was drawn to sand and magnets pulled together by an invisible force. Nothing else mattered in life right now as long as he and Sarah were together. As the kiss naturally ended he sat back against the headboard of Sarah’s bed with his arm round his girl and her head resting on her shoulders. He felt he should should say something but, never one for conversation, he let the silence remain while he tried to make sense of the beauty of the moment.

He didn’t need to think long as Sarah spoke first.

‘I’m so glad you came back Will. You know I’ve lived here alone for years now and it’s never bothered me but tonight I just felt so incredibly lonely. Maybe it’s just having time off work? I don’t know. Maybe it was seeing how bad my mum is now? Did I tell you today is my mum and dad’s anniversary? It would have been their silver anniversary today. She was married before her 20th birthday and she’ll be 70 in three weeks time. Mum and dad had all but given up on having children and then just as mum thought she was starting the early menopause she found out she was pregnant with me. I guess today just feels sad Will. Sorry for being so down.’

Will never was good at speaking or understanding social situations or emotions but hearing Sarah talk about her parents, hearing more about Barbara who he could picture sitting in the home watching quiz shows like she was the day he met her just a few weeks ago, made him feel so overwhelmingly sad. Having lost both his own parents he understood grief acutely, though he just didn’t know what to say to make his precious girlfriend feel better. Instead he ran his fingers through her silky hair with one hand and held her hand tight with the other.

A few hours passed as Sarah opened up more and shared stories of her childhood, making Will smile, cry and laugh at different times. The more he heard about Sarah, how smart she was at school, how much fun she had with her parents on holidays, how she had devoted everything to care for her mum when her dad passed, the more he admired and respected the woman in his arms.

Sarah couldn’t stop talking. It was like something inside her suddenly felt safe and protected enough to open her heart and all her life story came pouring out at once. She glanced at the clock and was horrified to see it was almost 1am!

‘I’m so sorry Will. I hadn’t realised it was so late. All that talking has made my mouth dry. Do you want a drink before bed? I’m just going to get myself some water. I think there might be some biscuits if you want?’

‘Water is fine Sarah. Honestly. Thank you. Hurry back though...I miss you already!’

Sarah returned with two glasses of iced water and had her own finished within minutes. Will sipped at his slower with just the bedside lamp now on as he stroked Sarah’s hair as she lay beside him, her breath slowing as she drifted off to sleep. Looking at her in the faint light she looked like an angel, so perfect and beautiful in every way.

*i will be offline for a week and this will then continue on afterwards. *

*086*2020-10-16 13:10

Chapter 36:

Will put his empty glass on the bedside drawer and snuggled under the duvet. He took a while to get into a deep sleep and woke a few hours later to Sarah’s legs moving and her voice moaning softly in her dream. He opened his eyes and looked over, watching as Sarah’s body squirmed on the bed as if she was distressed or uncomfortable or having a bad dream. In the light of the moon he just made out the glass beside her bed and a fleeting thought crossed his tired mind: was Sarah maybe nursing a full bladder but too asleep to realise?

Coming more conscious himself he suddenly became quite aware that his own bladder was very full and despite his penis being stiff and erect he grabbed it under the duvet feeling like it might leak with urine any second. Pulling the duvet back to avoid getting it wet he looked over at Sarah, who now the duvet had been lifted back he could see had a hand between her legs with one leg crossed over the other.

It was the middle of the night and he was tired but he couldn’t help gently rubbing his penis still as he imagined the sheer volume in his girlfriend’s bladder as she unconsciously tried to hold back in her sleep. He knew he couldn’t watch for long though, not just because he didn’t want to wake her but because he felt such an incredible pressure to piss too. He tried stroking more but the pressure was too much and his bladder ached. Pulling his legs over the side of the bed he gripped his penis head tight between his finger and thumb through this boxer shorts and the woman’s knickers underneath as another fierce spasm hit.

Trying to speed his body up to prevent pissing all over Sarah’s bedroom carpet he quickly glanced back to Sarah who seemed to be stirring, as he stood up, bent forwards in urgency, and hobbled towards Sarah’s bathroom, praying he would make it on time.

Sarah was lost in dreams of childhood memories she had been recalling to Will earlier when during one part of her dream she found herself back camping with her parents one summer and waking through the night really needing the bathroom. Not wanting to wake her parents, and scared to leave the tent in the middle of the night, she laid there in her dream holding herself, wriggling on the bed and fidgeting as her bladder continued to fill. She could feel the breeze from the outside as if her sleeping bag was open with all her wriggling and it slowly woke her up. 

As her eyes slowly opened and her brain registered the difference between her dream and reality she slowly recognised the body and back of Will as she saw him crouched forwards and hobble out the room, one hand still between her own legs. As her brain processed that Will had obviously got out of her bed and was going to the toilet a sudden and urgent feeling washed over her: It wasn’t just a dream that she was desperate to pee; she was seconds away from soaking her bed if she didn’t get up and run to the toilet right now!

As reality and urgency woke her sharply she suddenly had a terrifying thought...wasn’t that where Will was heading? She hadn’t had to wait for someone else to pee before she could for years and she honestly didn’t think she could as her bladder felt like a watermelon and her vagina ached with the weight of fluid needing out. With a hand over the crotch of her knickers she ran after Will determined she would have to use the toilet before he did because she could feel herself already leaking and she absolutely couldn’t wait another moment!

*088*2020-10-16 20:47

{{1 hour ago, Holdon said:

How sweet Sarah holding her pee in her sleep.

I wish I could have helped her hold it in until the morning!

}}

I’m sure had Will not been so desperate himself he would have done the same.

*090*2020-10-16 20:59

{{3 minutes ago, Holdon said:

Would a true lover not put their lover's bladder before their own, and helped her, even if he was leaking himself?!

}}

Possibly but to be fair he thought she was still asleep so perhaps he intended to release his own bladder so he was more free to help his lover?

With just one toilet though it’s going to be interesting to see if either of them can hold off for the other.

*092*2020-10-16 22:01

{{58 minutes ago, Holdon said:

That's one way of looking at it, a shame to lose all that pee, but I like the idea of 'sacrificial' love in that sense.

I guessed that you were leading to both needing loo at same time, which of course is possible...?!

}}

I think from experience it happens more than people think.

*094*2020-10-17 11:31

Chapter 37:

‘Gotta pee! Will you are going to have to wait! Sorry!’

Sarah’s voice startled Will as he turned quickly, still grasping at his penis tightly, as he saw Sarah race towards him, naked except her small cotton panties and with a hand clutched tightly between her legs. In the shock he paused at the bathroom door as Sarah pushed past reaching the toilet seconds before he did and peeing loud and hard as he stood there staring at her.

‘Sorry Will! I couldn’t wait.’

Will bowed his head as he felt his fingers dampen and instinctively and urgently let his penis go as warm urine immediately soaked his boxer shorts and Sarah’s knickers underneath shooting through them both and soaking Sarah’s legs, his own legs and forming a large puddle on Sarah’s bathroom floor.

As Sarah continued peeing loudly she reached out and took both Will’s hands in hers and looked up at his flushed and tired face, his beard still neatly trimmed but his hair all out of place where he had been sleeping. Smiling at the man she’s adored more than anyone else in the world she spoke quietly but clearly as her urine and Will’s both slowly subsided.

‘Looks like you couldn’t wait either. You know you look even more sexy with pissed in underwear!’

Will loved how Sarah had taken both his hands in hers but he couldn’t shake the feelings of shame and inadequacy as his bare feet squelched in the puddle of his own making. It was extremely rare he woke through the night and rarer still that he had to pee at this time, let alone how urgent it had been, but then he always habitually made sure to empty his bladder before sleeping. Looking at the wet floor, his wet legs and his soaked underwear he shivered as Sarah called him sexy. While he’d often pleasured himself with a very full bladder wetting had always seemed shameful, embarrassing and humiliating, but he had to admit that had the roles been reversed he’d have found it extremely sexy himself.

Lifting his head and getting sexually excited seeing Sarah’s beautiful naked breasts and her perfect gorgeous face he smiled and learned towards Sarah kissing her passionately on the lips as she still sat on the toilet. Sometimes there didn’t need to be words and his tongue said what he meant in other ways.

There was something electric about how Will kissed and Sarah could feel her body yearn for Will all over. Sleep seemed like the last thing on her mind as she let go of Will’s hands, bent down and ran a hand from one of Will’s wet ankles all the way up to his crotch tantalisingly and sexually as her other hand grabbed Will’s hard on over his sodden boxers as she began to stroke him as she kissed him more.

Never in his life could Will have ever imagined the incredible high he was feeling as his wet underwear, and Sarah’s wet knickers under them, rubbed against his ultra sensitive penis, stimulated and controlled by his wonderful girlfriend. He stood patiently, thoroughly enjoying everything Sarah did as he gazed adoringly at Sarah’s perfect skin, every contour of her arousing body and glancing at the knickers at her feet which were now every bit as wet as his own under garments as his puddle flowed over them.

Sarah couldn’t stop touching Will. Seeing him stand right in front of her as she sat on the toilet pissing knowing he was beyond bursting had to be one of the most erotic things she’d ever experienced. Seeing Will’s hard long penis stretching the wet stripy boxers and seeing glances of her own flowery knickers underneath called to her to bring him to climax. She knew it had taken everything for Will to piss himself given all his anxiety around peeing and, filled with pride and love for her man, Sarah was determined to reward him in the best way she could think.

*098*2020-10-17 12:46

{{11 minutes ago, Holdon said:

Yes, surely if you seen your lover so desperate, the least you could do would be to share the loo with them?!

}}

Maybe but in the middle of the night when you are still half asleep and still not used to anyone else using your bathroom let alone needing it at the same time as you it’s easy to imagine why this happened like it did.

{{18 minutes ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Lol me too. Although I’ve gotta admit my fantasy version where will decides to sit, then Sarah decides to sit straddling him and it all ends in wet sex right then and there is probably not only impractical, but also slightly unsexy...I mean sex on the toilet? I’m not too sure about that the actual version was way more realistic, and it’s shaping up to be hot af

}}

Glad you enjoying it and that the plot isn’t too predictable. Plenty more to come yet...

*099*2020-10-18 10:10

Chapter 38:

Will continued to stand right in front of the toilet while Sarah sat naked on it, his fingers running through Sarah’s hair as she continued to caress and stroke his private parts through his warm wet underwear. No other woman had ever touched his body or brought him pleasure like this and he wondered how he had managed to miss such a thrilling experience until now. He could feel his hormones rising, adrenaline pumping, and his heart rate increasing at Sarah’s every touch. Sarah was in control and Will allowed her that willingly. But then she did something he didn’t expect and he wasn’t sure he could handle it it was so thrilling.

Feeling Will’s warm drenched underwear, and remembering how he still had her pants on underneath, Sarah imaged how full his bladder must have felt moments before, how urgently he’d had to go, how desperate the tingling must have been. Stroking and exploring Will was wonderful but she wanted so much more. She hoped Will wouldn’t object despite it being the middle of the night.

Using a hand either side of Will’s waist Sarah gripped the two pairs of wet underwear he wore and pulled them both down his legs and off his feet. Looking back up his legs her heart raced seeing Will’s long stiff erection pointing right at her. Naturally and easily as her head lifted she opened her mouth and took Will’s ready penis inside, licking and exploring it in every way with her tongue.

Will gasped. He’d just minutes before had an accident but suddenly any shame and humiliation was being quickly replaced by sexual excitement and alluring sensations sending waves of pleasure throughout his body. The heat and moisture of Sarah’s mouth was quickly taking him to a place of no return as blood rushed through his body making his penis swell and become even more sensitive and longing as his mouth became dry and he panted. He was as urgently needing to cum as he had been to pee and he knew his body was about to burst with fluid all over again. Closing his eyes he thought back to Sarah lying on her bed just minutes before wearing just her underwear with a hand between her legs as she squirmed. That image alone made his penis throb but combined with the actions and sensations of Sarah’s tongue he could feel semen edging ever closer to exploding.

‘Ohhhhhh. Ahhhhhh. Keep going Sarah. Fuck...’

Sarah couldn’t help but think how perfect a toilet was for this purpose. It was almost like it had been designed deliberately to sit on as a bursting man approached so that his anatomy lined up perfectly with the person on the toilet’s mouth. It certainly appeared to be that way as Sarah reached out her hands and grabbed Will’s butt cheeks as she sucked up and down his length feeling his thick erection at the back of her throat. Inexperience didn’t seem to matter as she gave in to natural instinct and allowed her body to take control.

With one glorious thrust Will felt it happen as semen burst out the tip of his dick and filled Sarah’s mouth. He’d dreamt of something like this for so many years wondering how it might feel, wether he would enjoy it, or how a girl might react.

Sarah felt her mouth fill with thick slightly salty liquid as she swallowed then pulled away and spat into the sink. It wasn’t that she felt repulsed, not in any way, but the volume Will had ejaculated was more than she expected and she couldn’t swallow it all in one go. Opening the glass cabinet above the sink she swirled some mouthwash around her mouth then spat it all out, laughing as she turned to face Will with the mouthwash bottle still in her hand.

‘You ok Will?’

Will could feel his entire body red and warm. He felt like he’d just been transported to some new universe in an out of body experience. Even after climaxing his penis was still erect, swollen and pointing outwards. He watched Sarah rinse her mouth and felt like the luckiest man to ever be born. Trying to search his mind for a suitable adjective to describe how he felt right now wasn’t working as, try as he might, all he could reply was a simple three lettered word.

‘Wow’

Sarah winked at Will as she threw a towel on the floor to mop up the urine that was still lying there.

‘That’s what I think of you pissing yourself Will Highland! Now how about we get some beauty sleep. I’m not in the habit of doing the act of fellatio and I think I need a lie down now.’

Will smiled as he gazed lovingly at his beautiful princess.

‘I’ll just wash my hands then I’ll come back to bed. I think I’ve just been dreaming for the last 15 minutes anyway!’

Sarah blew Will a kiss as he stepped over the towel to wash his hands. She’d wash their underwear in the morning. Thankfully neither of them had work tomorrow because if Will had he’d either have to go without underwear or wear some of hers. Both thoughts aroused her as she climbed back into bed yawning.

