Gauranika’s wet accident

Author: MathewBrown

*000*2021-04-10 00:45

It is my first fictional story so maybe it won’t be great or even good, but I want to train my writing skills. I think that i should add that english isn’t my mother tongue and it is possible that I made some mistakes for what I apologize. I hope you wilk enjoy the story, because I am planning to make a few stories more about Gauranika, so if you like it i would be very grateful for positive feedback or some constructive criticism.

Early in the morning, just a moment after sunrise, the light entered cheerfully inside a meager but still quite cosy bedroom. The old wall clock was pointing at seven am. The sunrays in the chamber were still humble and gentle, but this amount of light was enough to wake up Gauranika, an 18 years old girl with Indian origin living in Bristol suburbs. Her parents moved to Great Britain a few years before her birth. Not long after birth Gauranika began to show outstanding talent in the field of maths and physics. She used her abilities very well during her education and now was preparing for final exams at the best High School in Great Britain with a will of applying for Oxford. She opened her eyes, stretched on the bed and looked at the clock. „It’s quite early, but there is no point in going to bed again” - she thought. 

She got up and went to the bathroom in order to take a shower and get dressed. It was quite warm outside, about 21°C. Gauranika was accustomed rather with european culture than with Indian, she usually dressed as a typical english girl instead of Indian saree. Today she decided to put on a pair of tight light blue jeans and red shirt with a spanish neckline. She was so beautiful that many boys in her school were infatuated with her. Her skin was a little bit swarthy, big dark, almost black eyes were absolutely cute and graceful, she also had extremely neat legs, amazing, long and a little bit wavy black hair reaching her shoulder blades, shapely alluring butt and perfect breast size. Her appearance was mellow and as delicate as a flower that, when falsely touched, curls up and closes in on itself. She has never been dressing a defiant way and she only modestly emphasized some of her many advantages what was making a very positive impression in the environment of the intellectual elite.

After the morning toilet Gauranika ate breakfast and at 8 o’clock left her house. Lessons were starting at 8:30 so she was going to be in school ten minutes before. When she reached her destination she briefly talked to some colleagues and went to the lesson. The first lesson was the history of literature in which Gauranika was very good, but she had some strong bias against romanticism which was the subject now. She thought that the only good work from that period was Goethe’s „Faust”. But it was just an exception. During the lesson Gauranika suddenly realized that she didn’t pee in the morning, because she started to feel some slight pressure on her bladder, but she ignored it quickly.

During the break between first and second lesson she resigned from going to bathroom because the break took only 5 minutes and she wasn’t sure if she would be able to come back before the beginning of the next class (again history of literature). During that lesson teacher was talking about extremely boring topic which was the significance of Adam Mickiewicz’s poetic drama „Forefathers’ Eve” as an example of patriotism, messianism and a signal to fight for national liberation. In that situation Gauranika was thinking about her need to pee more and more intensively in every minutę passing. A few minutes before the end of lesson she started to cross her legs in the most discreet way possible. A few moments later the bell rang and Gauranika was delighted that she was going to use the bathroom. She quickly packed her things and was going to leave the class when teacher asked her to wait a minute.

– I have to talk with you for a second.

– Is something wrong, professor? – asked Gauranika

– Oh, no! Just the opposite. I wanted to tell you that your last essay about the elements of feminism in works of Rabindranath Tagore was absolutely amazing. You showed perfectly that apart from big knowledge in this field you also accurately analyse facts and you draw non-obvious but extremely accurate conclusions. It is exactly what I want from you. Keep it up. – said teacher

– Thank you, professor. Hearing such words is just a pure pleasure and motivation for further work and improvement.

– Just still work hard, and you can achieve very much. Have a nice day.

– Thank you, you too, professor.

Gauranika left the class and headed straight to the bathroom. She was tired after fighting with her body when talking with the teacher. She was very shy and didn’t want anyone to notice her need. She reached the bathroom and to her bad luck found a queue of seven girls. She wasn’t desperate yet, but she knew very well that she should quickly empty her bladder. The time was passing and the queue wasn’t going forward which was very stressful for Gauranika, because she was aware of the fact that the break could end in any second. And she was right. The bell rang again, what meant that she had to leave the bathroom and go to the maths lesson - her favourite subject. She went to the class and sat in the last row next to her best friend, Ashley. Immediately after sitting down she felt a strong pressure on her bladder and instinctively put her hand between her crossed legs.

– Are you ok, Nicky? – asked Ashley

– Yes, I just have to pee quite bad. – answered Gauranika

– Oh… Ok. I hope you can hold it until the end of class.

– Well, I think so. But I have to go right after the class. Otherwise it can get very bad.

– I see. Hope everything is going to be fine.

– I don’t take any other option under consideration.

– Girls, stop talking, I know that you are good at maths, but please let others concentrate on the subject - teacher told them.

Gauranika was crossing her legs very tightly and started to wriggle on her chair nervously.

– Maybe you should ask for permission to go? – said Ashley

– It’s not that bad.

– I can see that it is that bad.

– No, it’s not.

– Well… your choice. But if I were you I would ask.

– That is what you would do. I won’t.

– So intelligent, and yet so silly. - sighed Ashley. – if you will have an accident, it will be your own fault.

– I won’t have. Will pee during the next break.

– I hope so.

The rest of the lesson was an eternity for Gauranika. She became very desperate to pee and this feeling was increasing every minute. Finally the lesson was over. Gauranika immediately ran to the bathroom, but instead of awaited relief she found a queue again. She was extremely desperate at this point and didn’t even try to hide it. One girl let her first in line, but others refused to go before them, so she wasn’t in a much better situation. Every second was a long period of more and more desperate fight. And then the bell rang again. It was the end of another break and Gauranika still didn’t pee. Her situation was becoming tragic. She withdrew from the bathroom and went for the lesson - chemistry. Again she sat next to Ashley.

– Were you in the bathroom? – asked Ashley

– Unfortunately not. I’m not sure how long I can wait at the moment. – answered Gauranika.

– I think it is the moment in which you have to ask for permission.

– Maybe you’re right… I will do it.

Gauranika raised her hand.

– What do you want, young lady? – asked teacher

– Can I go to the bathroom?

– It was the break a few minutes ago. Why didn’t you go then?

– Because it was a long line.

– Well, that’s not my fault. You can’t go.

– What? I really have to.

– You’ll have to wait until the next break.

– Are you kidding? I’m really desperate!

– You can’t go. Sit down and listen to the lesson.

Gauranika sat and tightly crossed her legs. She noticed that most people were looking at her from time to time. She felt very embarrassed about it. After another ten minutes Ashley asked her how does she feel.

– Desperate. – she answered quickly

– Is it that bad now?

– Yes. I don’t know if I’m gonna make it.

– Oh, I think you will.

– Oh my god, I won’t make it!

– What's going on?

– I just won’t make it!

@@At that moment Gauranika blushed and Ashley heard a hissing sound of fluid falling on the floor. Her friend was peeing herself. Ashley couldn’t believe ger eyes. Everyone in the class heard the strange sound and looked at Gauranika. She was completely embarrassed and couldn’t look at anyone’s eyes. Completely shocked teacher said that she could go to the bathroom. But it was definitely too late for her. She just ran out from the class, left the school and headed straight to her house. Al, the way she was crying and thinking about what just happened to her. Her butt and legs were visibly soaked by pee. All the backside of her sexy tight light blue jeans was dark from wetness, and everybody could figure out what was the source of that wetness. When she finally got to home she was totally depressed, but also started to feel something different. She noticed that wet clothes are very exciting. She knew that her parents were at work and she was alone. She decided not to take the wet pants off now. Not long after going home she realized that she needed to pee again. Her exhausted bladder couldn’t hold much at the moment. She didn’t really know why, but she went to the bathroom, but instead of toilet she went to the shower and let all her warm pee go down her legs which she found relaxing. She felt very horny and started to touch her pussy trough wet jeans and panties. After a few minutes she took the pants off, and continued her massage in wet panties. She was in heaven. She has never experienced such a strong pleasure from masturbation. After all she was in a better mood and checked Messenger on her phone. She found a Messages from Albert, the guy with whom she was in very deeply hidden love for more than a year.

– How are You feeling? I think you must be in a terrible mood. I am really sorry for you. I just wanted to tell you that you shouldn’t think too much about it. Accidents happen and it’s not your fault. Don’t blame yourself. I hope you’ll get better soon. – he wrote.

– Oh, thank you! It’s nice to find out that someone doesn’t think that I am a little girl who can’t control herself. – answered Gauranika.

– Oh, please… Everything is ok. And as you probably know we live close to each other. In case you need to talk or something like that I can visit you or we can meet somewhere else… Just saying.

– If You have time today we can meet even in an hour. I think I should talk to someone.

– Ok, so I will visit you if you don’t mind.

– No problem.

Gauranika was very happy and excited because of the chance to meet Albert. She didn’t know if he loved her, but just wanted to spend some time with him. She quickly went to the bathroom, changed clothes and prepared her room. After that she laid down on the bed and started to think, what Albert will do with her...

