Botticelli Face

Author: mystic dreamer

*000*2021-09-14 14:25

This story may not appeal to all of you. Here you will not find any college girls squirming with desperation. My characters are neither woke nor politically correct. They tend to be eccentric folk of various ages, behaving oddly (and usually badly) in eccentric situations. If this is not to your taste, just go ahead and scrawl down to the next storyteller’s post. One thing I can promise you, however – there’s a wetting in every chapter.

BOTTICELLI FACE

Chapter 1. An Accident at the Restaurant

Rick was moving the lawn mower from the garage into the storage shed when he heard the distinctive sound of a car coming up the gravel road. He looked at his watch. It was only two o’clock. He wasn’t expecting the new vacation renter to show up until three. Matt had said she was coming from San Francisco and starting in the early afternoon, so unless she drove like a demon, it was too soon for her to be arriving. Maybe it was just Scott Heron again, looking for work. But then a Chevy Suburban pulled up in front of the larger of the two rental cabins and Nick knew it wasn’t Scott, who drove a Blazer.

The door to the Suburban opened. A woman’s foot appeared, clad in Birkenstock-type sandals with low heels, then two legs encased in gray slacks of a thin weave. Rick could tell from her thunderous thighs, thick as an oak tree, that she was a plus-sized package. As an inveterate chubby chaser, he was pleased. As the new renter emerged completely, Rick could see that she was wearing a long, loose top in a Madras pattern.

Then, in disbelief, Rick muttered, “God in heaven.”

But God and His heaven must surely be far, far away. Because this was Pamela Porter.

At least that explained the early arrival. Pamela drove like a demon.

Probably because she was one.

She shook her long, light brown hair free from her eyes, then kept shaking it as she stared at him, as if trying to free herself from a nightmarish hallucination. If he couldn’t believe it was her, she couldn’t believe it was him, either.

Then Pamela shouted, “Jesus H. FUCK!”

Apparently, reality was beginning to set in. There was a flush of anger on that beautiful Botticelli face of hers.

“Hello, Pamela.”

“What are YOU doing here? I just pick up some realtor’s card I find on my desk, call the number, and end up with YOU?”

“I work here. I’m back in real estate. Matt’s a long time friend, and I probably left his card on your desk when we lived together. You found it because you haven’t cleaned for two years, as usual. I do some sales for his firm, but mostly property management.”

“You mean like…a job? No more gutter crawling? Not attached like a parasite to some poor single mom who has to pay for your bad habits?”

“I’m in the cabin opposite yours,” said Rick, pointing. “You get your towels from me. I chop your firewood.”

“Don’t expect me to play nurse if you cut your foot off trying to chop firewood while you’re dead drunk.” She pulled out two large suitcases from the back of the Suburban and placed them solidly, emphatically on the ground.

“I don’t drink much anymore, Pamela.”

Pamela paused as she was rolling the suitcases toward her cabin. “Really?” Her expression was almost curious, almost human as she asked, “Why not?”

“It’s amazing how many stress factors fly out the window when your girlfriend isn’t emailing pornography to your professional colleagues and her family isn’t trying to have you killed.”

“Okay, dammit! I guess you haven’t changed after all.” She was pulling the suitcases up the steps to her rental cabin. “Look, I’m just here for three nights. We don’t need to see each other. We have nothing to talk about. I’m here tonight, then tomorrow for the Maypole, then the next night. That’s all.”

“You’re doing the Maypole? I heard you were a deacon in some kind of Christian church now.”

“It’s a liberal Presbyterian church with a gay minister. We’re ecumenical.” Rick was a bit surprised. With Pamela’s far right conservative outlook on life, he had expected something evangelical rather than ecumenical, but Pamela had always been a study in contradictions. “We’re encouraged to honor the spiritual traditions of others. I can still do my pagan stuff.”

“Including the part where the lads chase the girls from the Maypole into the wildwood and the girls pretend to trip over a branch to make it easier to catch them?”

Pamela threw up her hands in a gesture of frustration and said, “Three nights. We don’t need to deal with each other.”

She put her hand on the door but it was locked. Suddenly, Rick was right behind her, almost up her ass. “You’ll need the keys,” he said, handing them to her. She stormed into her three-day vacation rental cabin and shut the door with emphasis.

Rick finished returning the lawn mower to the shed. He filled it up with gas and washed his hands in the utility sink. He was just emerging from the shed when he saw Pamela’s car speeding down the dirt road toward town, probably to shop.

Good riddance. Rick had himself a brief snooze, then sat on his front porch and lit up a joint. He wished Pamela was watching him, just so he could annoy her. She hated marijuana. But she wasn’t running his life anymore, and the weed was legal in California – though he suspected that Pamela would have called legalization a lib-tard plot to ruin society.

But Rick didn’t want anything more to do with this three-day tenant than she did with him. Their two years in a relationship together had been a nightmare that had nearly ruined him. He had better things to occupy his time. The new chubby in town was Sandy from Shasta. He had met her at the Salty Dawg and he had her phone number somewhere. With her blonde hair cut straight across the forehead in bangs intended to make her look twenty years younger than she really was, Sandy had been perched on the bar stool in a powder-blue baby-doll dress so short that it left absolutely nothing to the imagination, and even though her black panties revealed her origins as hopelessly middle class (only the relentlessly bourgeois would think of black as a “sexy” color), she was a bit of a goofball who channeled “ascended” (i.e. dead) Lemurians up in Shasta.

Sandy’s Lemurians were a naughty bunch who believed in “unconditional free love,” and Sandy professed herself an avid practitioner. In a community where so many of the women were man-hating Goddess worshipers stuck in the 1990’s or celibate Tibetan Buddhists stuck in the contemplation of infinity, a gal like Sandy was a treasure.

Thinking of the Salty Dawg made Rick long for one of their monster-burgers. Maybe Sandy would be there. Rick stubbed out his joint, then got into his Camry and headed for town. To avoid the crunch of looking for a parking place in the minuscule village, he parked at the crossroads, Little Lake Road and Lansing St., then walked down to Main St. to reach the Salty Dawg. The burger was good, but Shasta Sandy wasn’t there. Night arrived. After chasing down the burger with a beer, Rick headed back toward the crossroads by turning down Kasten St. and then onto Albion.

Rick heard someone call his name. He turned. Pamela was sitting by herself at a table in the garden of the Happy Kat restaurant and waving frantically at him. He was surprised. He strolled over and sat down at her table. Pamela’s big, dark-blue eyes were a bit panicked as she said, “You have to help me.”

“What’s up?”

“A waiter dropped a tray.”

Rick knew where this story was going. Pamela was afflicted with schadenfreude, a condition which caused her to burst out laughing at the misfortunes of others. Any bumble, any pratfall, any slip on the ice or knock on the head produced gales of hearty and thoroughly inappropriate laughter from Pamela. Rick had known a guy with the same condition. He spent a lot of time watching the Three Stooges on the Internet.

“I tried not to laugh out loud. I covered my mouth and kept it closed. But I was laughing inside. My whole body was convulsing with laughter and I was doubled over with it. Then I choked on the cherry from my tiramisu and was coughing and laughing at the same time. And you know what happens when I sneeze or cough or laugh too hard.”

Rick could see that she had pulled the madras shirt down as far as it would go and that her napkin was fully spread out on her lap. He said, “You had one of your little stress incontinence accidents.”

“Little?” Pamela sighed. “This little accident is big enough to show up on Google Earth.”

Rick laughed. “Lake Pamela!”

Pamela’s face turned grim. “Let’s get this straight. I am NOT playing a kinky game to tease your fetishes. It was a real accident. I just need you to help me get out of here.”

“After living with you for two years, I’m a master of the art. Hey, what color are your panties?”

“Shut up.”

Pamela had already paid and left her tip. Rick removed his jacket and stood right behind her. Swiftly, she stood up, and swiftly he wrapped the jacket around her, tying it around her ample waist in the front. They began to walk by the shortest route to the garden gate exit. The concealment factor was adequate in back but a dismal failure in front. Every time she took a step, the jacket moved, and the wet patches running down the inside thighs of her gray slacks were clearly visible, as was the occasional glimpse of her wet crotch. One of the waiters, a young guy with a swath of reddish hair hanging in his face, dropped his jaw so hard you could almost hear it click. Rick knew him slightly. A local boy, born in town, named Tommy. Nice young fellow, though perhaps not the brightest star in the sky.

Pamela was an omo girl, through and through, but like most kinksters, she tried to conceal her fetish from the world at large. She didn’t always succeed. Rick was pleased to notice that she still had enough of her usual savoir faire and her lustful, kinky magic to walk the walk of shame with style, looking up at Tommy, winking, smiling, and giving him a thumbs up as she passed him by. Rick wondered if Tommy was shooting the wad in his shorts.

They crossed to the other side of the street, which was darker, Rick right behind her to shield her from view.

“Do you have to push your dick right up against my ass?”

“The closer I am, the more that’s concealed.”

“My rear end is already concealed. You’re perving on me. I can feel how stiff you are.”

“Unfortunately, you need me right now.”

“Unfortunately.”

“What color are your panties?”

“Shut up.”

They reached Pamela’s car, which was parked in a narrow alleyway, effectively blocking the local people from using the alley as a thoroughfare. Typical Pamela.

As she fumbled for her keys, Rick untied the jacket.

“Hey, not yet, dammit!” shouted Pamela.

Rick gazed with rapture at her rear end. She’d been sitting down when she had her accident; the butt of her soft gray slacks was thoroughly soaked and the wetness had created a visible panty line which Rick couldn’t help but admire. The backs of her pant legs were soaked too, all the way down to her knees. She was gorgeous.

Rick reached out to touch her bottom but Pamela slid quickly into the driver’s seat, then glared back at him.

“Did you get a nice look at my wet butt? I bet you really got your perv on.”

“What color are your panties?”

Pamela started the engine. “The front of your jeans is like a pup tent at a Boy Scout Jamboree,” she snarled.

“I admit you made my day.”

“Don’t get used to it!” she grumbled.

She started driving but turned back to shout, “My panties are PINK!” The group of men standing out in front of Salty Dawg for their cigarette breaks cheered and clapped their hands as they heard her passionate affirmation and watched her drive by.

Rick smiled. Pamela was still Pamela.

By the time Rick got back to the cabins, Pamela – who always drove like a demon – was already there. Her lights were on and she was playing some sort of 90’s music that made Rick’s aging head hurt. He had always told her that she was beautiful – that she had a face right out of a Botticelli painting. That was true enough, and it was also true that he had “got his perv on” with her tonight, but he still didn’t want to get involved with her. Their relationship had been a disaster. He would leave her alone while she was here. Her chubby frame, Botticelli face, and chronically wet pants just weren’t worth the hassle.

In his cabin, Rick went to the medicine cabinet. His doctor had given him a few samples of a new anti-anxiety medication, stronger than anything currently on the market. He had four round pink tablets in an unmarked pill bottle, and now he couldn’t find it. He remembered that he’d removed the pill bottle from his pocket that morning while cleaning up the room for the new tenant he didn’t know was Pamela. He had probably left it in her room. No problem. His regular meds would do the trick.

He put on his headphones to drown out that 90’s noise. He listened to a symphony by Arvo Part as he drifted away. The music carried him beyond the coast, beyond Mendocino, and into the wild woods, far away from Pamela. Soon he was asleep.

