The conference (part 5)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-06 23:19

The lighting in the room isn’t the best but as James takes two steps closer to June, as he bends down to stare at the most beautiful legs with the sexiest knickers and stockings he has ever seen, he thinks he can just about make out a darker area on the gusset of June’s knickers. The urge to feel them, stroke them, smell them even, is almost overpowering but just as he feels things can’t get even more intense June does something that sends fireworks off in his body and takes his mind places he never knew existed.

‘Can you see it? Is it obvious James? I know my hands are in the way but I’m terrified to move them. I can’t stop pressing right here, that’s the only thing stopping me exploding right now. Look I’m actually shaking here with the fucking need to pee! My damn urethra is throbbing...look!’

In a instant June pulls the gusset of her knickers to one side, almost unpopping the suspender clip keeping up her stockings, as James stares intensively with wide eyes and throbbing heart as June’s wet, open and throbbing vagina is right in front of his face. Her natural pubic hair trimmed enough that he can see everything but not too much keeping an element of mystery about it too. The first and most obvious thing James sees is that June’s urethra is absolutely throbbing, one second pressing forwards and vibrating slightly then another pushing back, then forwards again, it’s tip moist, swollen and red.

As June tenses and her legs shake his eyes move up to her hard and swollen clitoris which appears to be screaming to be caressed and licked. A million thoughts and emotions flood James’s mind and body as he allows his own very erect and swollen dick to pop out the leg of his black boxer shorts. As his eyes wander over June’s perfectly red and puffy labia he hears June yelp as her urethra pushes forwards once again in her wet and throbbing vagina as James watches open mouthed as a squirt of urine shoots out and lands just in front of him on the floor as June lets go of the gusset again and once again presses her hands over her crotch and massages back and forth rhythmically.

‘Fucking hell. I have never seen anything so sexy in my life!’ You have the most beautiful and perfect body ever. Fuck! I know I shouldn’t do this but I can’t help it...’

Unable to prevent himself James pulls his boxers back to his body to allow his very erect and almost erupting penis the freedom it needs. His hands stroke from his testicles to his tip, swirling the moist tip with his thumb and wanking himself as he stares in abandonment at what June is doing right in front of him. If he didn’t know any better he would swear she was masterbating herself to prevent herself from pissing as her legs tighten and relax over and over again and her hands massage and caress her damp knickers as she moans with her head tipped back.

Quietly, huskily, sexily, he moves his head nearer June’s and whispers hoarsely.

‘Can I?’

‘I...I can’t promise I won’t piss all over you!’

The very thought is almost too much for James as he steps between June’s open legs, her silk blouse still tucked in at the front of her now scrunched up suit skirt, her nylon stockings barely staying hooked onto her suspenders and knickers. If time were on his side there would be so much he would love to do from running his hands up June’s beautiful legs to nibbling her earlobes to licking her neck, but neither of them have time for foreplay now as his own dick spurts out precum onto the thin carpet as his shaking hand reaches down to move June’s hands aside gently as he gives her the damp gusset of her knickers to hold as he effortlessly slides his throbbing ready member inside her dripping wet and open vagina. As he steps ever closer as his dick slides inside June’s pubic hairs tickle his swollen protruding bladder as her muscles clench and swallow his manhood perfectly, her pants and throbs taking him very quickly to a place of no return.

‘Oh my God. Ohhh. I can feel it coming!’

‘Me too baby. Any minute now!’

