Camp White Lake

Author: Morgan91

*000*2017-10-24 01:12

"Ugh! Why the hell did they put him in my cabin?!" Twelve-year-old Matt Hooper groaned. He was sitting next to Jeremy Preston, whom he had known from the last three summers at Camp White Lake. The boys were almost exactly the same age, with Jeremy being two months his senior.

Jeremy rolled his eyes and crossed his caramel-toned arms. "Whatever, at least your brother isn't doing smack," he hissed.

"What's smack?" Matt innocently asked.

Jeremy sighed deeply. "Never mind. My point is, Mikey isn't that bad. I mean, he's old enough to know when not to be a shithead."

Matt wasn't so sure. Mikey had just turned nine a week ago and he still wet the bed. He wasn't the worst, as far as little brothers go, but Matt worried that Mikey would want the top bunk and end up peeing all over the unsuspecting kid in the bunk below him. Matt also wasn't looking forward to sticking up for the kid all week long - he wanted to make friends and do his own thing. And there were definitely a lot of things going through his mind lately that only Jeremy seemed to understand. He brushed the auburn hair out of his eyes that was poking out the front of his back-turned baseball cap.

"Hope you brought sun screen, you pale freak," Jeremy jabbed.

Matt smiled; Jeremy had a thrillingly cruel way of speaking to his good friends and Matt knew he was on Jeremy's good side when he poked fun at Matt's ginger hair, or his too-skinny frame, or the inhaler that asthma dictated he needed. Matt also knew how to cut Jeremy down where it hurt, but he was too afraid to bring up Jeremy's family and the fact that they lived from welfare check to welfare check. The only reason Jeremy was able to come to camp was because the pastor at his church paid for him to go.

"Whoa, you're almost at the boss, Jason!" eleven-year-old Chris Chant exclaimed, kicking the seat in front of him. He shoveled another mouth full of gummy bears into his face. "Datsh amashing," he said, decapitating the bears with his teeth while speaking to his best friend. He was excited to finally be able to bring a friend to camp this year. Usually he just spent time shadowing his father's sermons and stealing candies from the tuck shop (to which his father had the key). Though Jason didn't much care for polite or idle conversation, he truly loved video games and that was the basis for the boys' unlikely friendship.

Jason said nothing, as usual. He didn't even look at Chris to acknowledge him; he just kept staring intently at the Gameboy screen.

"Wow, I've never even seen this level and I've been watching Video & Arcade every week since it came out and-"

"I don't care," Jason replied.

Chris kept stuffing bears in his mouth, "Datsh coo."

"You shouldn't put that much food in your mouth," Jason said flatly, "You might choke and die."

Chris swallowed hard. "Um, thanks, Jason." He put the gummy bears back in his bag for the remainder of the trip.

Mikey felt a harsh kick in the back of his seat, but said nothing. He was scared that ratting on another kid would make Matt hate him more for coming on this trip. It wasn't his fault though. Mom and Dad had made him come! They told him it would help him adjust better to new social situations and prepare him for middle school in the next year or so. He unwrapped the bologna sandwich Mom had packed for him, ripped off the crusts, and shoved the excess in his pockets. The sandwich was soggy and kind of disgusting. Bologna was Matt's favourite and every week Mom would alternate between the boys' favourite sandwiches for lunch. Mikey choked it down for fear that the cafeteria would serve only things he hated all week. He worried that Matt liked camp because of the food. He worried that he would wet the bed in front of the whole cabin. He worried they would see the stash of GoodNites that were rolled up in his sleeping bag. He took a long sip of his water and sat back, uncomfortably.

"Did that kid just kick your seat?" the teenage boy next to him asked, taking out his headphones. He was wearing aviators and a black Smashing Pumpkins "Zero" shirt.

Mikey shrunk back into his seat.

"Hey man, don't be so freaked out," the teenager smiled, "Did he kick your seat?"

Mikey nodded.

The teenager stood up and looked back at the two boys sitting in the seats behind them. "Yo, Chris, if you don't stop kicking my friend's seat, I'm going to tell your dad you've been stealing from the tuck shop. Keep your feet to yourself!"

The chubby kid with mouth full of gummy worms nodded fearfully, "Yesh shir."

The teenager grinned, showing his canines. "What's your name anyway?"

"Mikey," he whispered.

"You must be Matt's brother! I'm Dave, the leader for Cabin 1. I hear you get to hang with the older kids in Cabin 6; that's awesome!"

Dave went in for a high five and Mikey shyly reciprocated. "My brother likes Smashing Pumpkins too."

"Oh! Yeah, they're rad. Probably my favourite, maybe second to The Pixies."

"Pixies?"

"Here, man. My buddy Peter made me this sweet mix tape. I think you'll probably meet him - he must be leading Cabin 6 this week... anyway, have a listen." Dave handed Mikey his headphones and his walkman.

Eleven-and-a-half-year-old Nick Lacrosse sat at the very back of the bus, by himself. His mother had packed far too much survival gear for one week's worth of camping and it took up the majority of the seat beside him. Nick's mother, Ellen, had been overprotective of him since his father had passed away and though it cramped his style and kept him inside a lot of the time, he understood. This was the first summer that Nick had been trusted to be on his own, and at nearly twelve, Nick felt he was ready. After all, he was due to start middle school in a month and he felt this was part of his journey into adulthood.

Nick stared out the window of the bus. His mother told him it was only about an hour to White Lake, but after only a short while, he was getting antsy. Having nobody to talk to didn't help. He thought about reading his book for a little while, but worried he might make himself carsick and feared the embarrassment of throwing up in front of strangers. He took a long drink from one of the many water bottles his mother had packed and stared out the window at the cars racing down the highway in the opposite direction. He wondered where they were in such a rush to get to.

Suddenly, out of nowhere, he felt the indisputable urge to go. Nick looked around to see if there was a bathroom on the school bus. No such luck - he knew that. "Jeez Nick. Get a grip," he thought to himself and slowly changed position.

It was only an hour to White Lake. How much longer could it possibly be? He would be fine.

Nick kept looking out the window and then looking back at the empty bottle of water. "Why did I drink all that water?" he kept asking himself, drawing no conclusions.

He checked his watch, then looked back at the traffic, then back at his watch. "Why does time go so slow when I need to..." he jiggled his legs, crossing and uncrossing. His bladder didn't seem to like either. He looked around again to see if there were any authority figures on the bus. Maybe he could ask them to stop at a gas station... He stood up, one leg crossed over the other, dancing from foot to foot, and looked around.

An older leader sitting in front of him turned around. "I need you to sit down when we're moving. We don't want to have any unfortunate accidents," the older, moustached man said.

"B-but-" Nick stammered.

"No buts. Sit your butt back down and I don't want to hear any arguments."

"But I have to-"

"We're going to be there in ten minutes, whatever you have to do can wait until then."

Nick gave up. The urge to go was getting stronger. He winced and scrunched himself up, but that didn't help either. He tried crossing his legs or sitting on one leg, but neither made him feel any better. His heart was pounding and his stomach felt like it was being pushed outward from his growing bladder.

He stuck his big backpack over his crotch and, for fear nothing else would work, unzipped his jeans and held onto his private under the cover of his overstuffed luggage.

Nick had never been in such a dire situation before. His legs kept jiggling and he held his breath while his grip tightened. He closed his eyes. "Please don't let me pee," he thought to himself.

All of a sudden, the urge let up and Nick felt really strange. He felt as if he still needed to go to the bathroom, but he wasn't able to. The grip around his penis felt different as well - it was harder. Nick was worried, but at the same time relieved. He pulled his underwear over his hard penis and zipped his jeans over it. In a weird way it felt good, but he wasn't sure why. He closed his eyes and his hand was wedged between his tight legs. "Please, please, please don't let me pee," he prayed.

It was then that the bus stopped. Nick grabbed all of his things and tried to put on his backpack so he could be the first one off the bus. He had no such luck, and as the kid at the back of the bus, he would have to wait. He stood up and waited impatiently, pee-pee dancing desperately. The funny feeling he felt in his penis hadn't gone away yet and it felt a lot better when he rubbed his crotch. He hopped from foot to foot and gripped his bursting penis in his hand. The second he was able to move off that bus, he wobbled as quick as he could down the aisle and out the door.

He approached the moustached man and asked, "Please - where is the bathroom?"

The moustached man pointed to a large, white-painted mess hall. "Over that way, you can't miss 'em."

Nick tried to run but the pressure was too much. He wobbled along as fast as he could. He could feel himself losing control. He felt it seep out a bit, but kept holding on. He knew he could make it.

He burst open the door of the bathroom and unzipped his pants. He was holding so tight he didn't think he could pull down his briefs without peeing his pants, so he stuck his hand down his underwear and held on. But it was strange and sticky... he pulled down his underwear to find a mucus-like substance all over the inside of his underwear. Nick was so shocked he almost lost control, but he regained focus and let loose into the urinal. He sighed deeply. Nick was so relieved that he had made it in time. When he was done, he wiped out his underwear with a paper towel and pulled them back on. They were cold and still sticky, but they would have to do. Nick washed his hands and looked at himself in the mirror, making sure his wet underwear weren't visible. He noticed a small, damp, speck near the bottom of the crotch, but it was only the size of a dime. Nobody would notice.

"Looks like this is our cabin," Chris excitedly blabbered, throwing his bags down on one of the bottom bunks.

"Okay," Jason responded. He was still staring at his Gameboy.

"Do you want the top one? Or the one next to me?"

Jason shrugged and didn't look up from his game.

"You should take the one next to mine. That way we can play F1 together! I brought the link cables..."

"Okay."

"Whoa, is that Metroid II?!"

"Yes."

"I heard on Video & Arcade that Samus is a girl! Isn't that weird?"

"Yes."

"Hey, Jason, let's go for a walk. I want to show you something!"

"Okay." Jason put down his backpack and his over-sized military jacket, both of which were full of Gameboy games and strategy guides. He had insisted on bringing his whole collection to camp for fear he would get bored. His parents, while worried about his social coping abilities, were convinced that camp would be good for him. After all, Chris was a good friend to him and a shoulder to lean on when he needed it. Chris had yet to witness any of Jason's outbursts, as he was usually distracted by video games when they hung out together.

The boys walked for a while until they got to the trash cans behind the mess hall. "I've waited for soooo long to show this to someone! It's so cool," Chris blurted, almost too loudly. He took a sticky key out of his shorts pocket and opened up a secret door that led to a dark room. "C'mon in!"

"No," Jason said, finally looking up from his game.

"C'mon!" Chris pleaded.

"No!" Jason said firmly.

Chris grabbed his best friend's arm and yanked him toward the dark room, "Seriously! It's so cool!"

"No no no no no no no no no no!" Jason shouted, flopping away and dropping his Gameboy onto the ground. He stopped shouting.

Chris gasped as he saw Jason's favourite toy fall to the ground, screen down on top of a rock.

Jason screamed and dropped to his knees. He shakily picked up the Gameboy to find its screen not broken, but bent. He held it in his arms and started crying.

"J-Jason, it's going to be okay..." Chris stepped backwards towards the open door and shut it without locking it, for fear of others seeing what they were doing.

Jason kept crying loudly. Chris had never seen him in such a state before.

"It's just a Gameboy, Jason. You can have mine..."

Jason wasn't listening. He was starting to hyperventilate.

Mikey peeked around the side of the garbage can. "Hey," he said, "What's wrong with that kid?"

"There's nothing wrong! He just dropped his Gameboy!" Chris stuttered, trying to cover for his friend's social awkwardness. "How long have you been standing there?" Chris asked, fearful that the younger boy had seen him use the secret tuck shop key.

"Um, not that long?" Mikey had never seen an eleven-year-old cry before. It scared him a little. "Should we get one of the leaders?"

Chris sighed. "I guess."

Jason stopped wailing. He turned the Gameboy on and off. Miraculously, it still worked and he continued playing Metroid II.

"Whoa, it still plays?"

"Still works," Jason replied.

"I don't think you're supposed to have video games..." Mikey mumbled.

"Nah, that's for sure not a rule," Chris boasted.

"I don't think you're supposed to be sneaking around back here either..."

"Who said we were sneaking?" Chris pressed.

"Well, I saw you open that door..." Mikey started.

"You saw nothing." Chris handed Mikey a pile of gummy worms.

Mikey nodded, accepting the worms as a bribe.

Jeremy and Matt were sitting down by the dock in their swim trunks.

"Did you notice how hot Katie Lee got is this summer?" Jeremy asked.

"What?" Matt hadn't noticed anyone being 'hot'.

"Her hair is really soft and you can kinda see her boobs in that bathing suit, and she smells like coconut shampoo."

"That's gay," Matt huffed.

Jeremy raised an eyebrow. "If you don't think Katie is hot, then you're the gay one."

Matt said nothing. He was pretty sure he wasn't gay. But he didn't find any girls hot either. He just felt like a kid and suddenly Jeremy was tall and tanned and ready to have a girlfriend.

"Aw man..." Jeremy covered his crotch. "Can we go in the water? I... I have a..."

Matt looked down, "A wha- oh."

Jeremy slipped into the water in an attempt to hide his erection. "Katie made me..."

"Yeah, um, me too..." Matt lied. He didn't even know what that felt like.

"Matt, have you ever, like, just layed in bed all day and just... jerked it?"

"Um..."

"Dude, it's what I've been doing all summer. All I think about is Katie and her older sister, Jessie."

Matt said nothing. He slunk deeper into the water, wishing he would grow up like everyone else.

Seventeen-year-old Peter Dixon had just arrived at Camp White Lake. He threw his things down on the leader bed, next to the door of Cabin 6. He had just returned from a Christian retreat with is whole family upstate and he was starting to wonder if becoming a youth pastor was really his calling. Hearing all the hatred for homosexuals in the church made him uncomfortable. He had met a few gay people in his travels and they were all wonderful children of God. And why wouldn't God love all his children? Peter wondered what Dave thought of the whole scenario. Dave's parents were fairly devout and Dave was for sure gay... wasn't he?

Peter sighed and stretched his arms out. He had at least a year to figure out whether he wanted to go to the Christian university his father taught at.

Dave knocked on the window of Peter's cabin. "Hey dude!" Dave took off his headphones and wore them around his neck, "how was that retreat thing?!"

Peter shrugged sheepishly. "It was fine I guess."

"Still thinking of applying to Trinity?"

"Um..."

Dave smiled. "It's cool, man. I'm probably not even going to university next year. These dudes I know are heading to Amsterdam next summer and I think I might tag along, check out the hostel scene in Europe... you know, do that whole backpacking deal and listen to sweet tunes all along the way! You should come!"

"Really?" Peter exclaimed, probably too excitedly.

"Yeah, really." Dave took off his sunglasses and sat down. "Man, I can't believe I got stuck with Cabin 1 this week."

"I don't think any girls signed up to be leaders this year. Usually they take the little ones and leave the weird hormonal ones to us."

"Ugh, yeah. The freaks are way easier to deal with though. You just shame 'em into doing what you want. The little ones don't have any shame. They just piss the bed and you have to clean up their unfortunate messes." Dave moved closer.

"Haha, gross," Peter mumbled. He adjusted his shirt to hide the fact that Dave was getting him hard. He looked down uncomfortably.

"You know it, man." Dave slapped Peter on the back and got up to leave, "See you tonight at the mess hall!"

"Hey, that's no fair!" Mikey shouted at his brother, "I wanted the top bunk!"

"Tough," Matt replied sternly. "Jeremy and Nick already got the other top bunks."

"But Matt!"

"Dude, no!"

"That's so not fair!"

Matt slid off the top bunk and came to sit next to his little brother. "Dude, it's totally fair," he whispered, "Cause if you pee the bed, then it won't drip on anyone. That's fucking gross."

Mikey went silent and stared at the ground in shame.

"Maybe when you stop wetting the bed like a little baby, you can sleep wherever you want," Matt whispered, even quieter.

Mikey wanted to cry, but just kept sitting there.

Chris sat up from the comic book he was reading. "Hey Mikey, it's cool. Bottom bunks are totally fine. How about I help you roll out your sleeping bag?"

"No-" Mikey warned. But it was too late. Chris had already unraveled Mikey's sleeping bag with his GoodNites wrapped secretly inside.

"Whoa, are those...?" Chris started.

Mikey quickly scrunched up the sleeping bag so nobody could see. "No. They're nothing."

Chris said nothing more. He had never been a bed wetter himself, but he felt sympathy for Matt's little brother. Being nine and still wetting the bed sounded like a nightmare of embarrassment.

"Alright, boys," Peter said, "It's time to head down to the mess hall. Dinner's at six, so we'd best get down there before we're picked for dish duty."

"Peter... can I go to the bathroom first and meet you guys there?" Mikey shyly asked, trying to hold back tears of embarrassment.

"Sure Mikey. Just be quick." Peter and the rest of Cabin 6 headed to the mess hall and Mikey undid his sleeping bag again.

He stared at the diapers his mom had packed. There was one for each night. Tears were streaming down his cheeks. He was nine years old for God's sake. He didn't need these. He angrily wiped the tears from his face and grabbed all the diapers in his arms. There were garbage cans just next to the bathrooms that were situated next to Cabin 6. Mikey pushed all seven diapers as far down as they would go in the trash. "I'm not a bedwetter anymore," he thought to himself. If he believed it, it would become truth. Mikey wiped the tears off his face and splashed himself with cold water a few times before heading to the mess hall.

Mikey quietly sat down at Cabin 6's table next to his older brother and Nick.

"Dude, where were you?" whispered Matt.

"Um, I just had to go to the bathroom," Mikey lied.

"You do realize that if our whole cabin isn't here on time, we have to do dishes at the end of dinner, right?"

Mikey looked down at the table in shame.

"Mikey! Glad you could make it!" Peter chimed. "Looks like we're doing dishes tonight, man."

Mikey let out a sad, distressed sigh.

"It's all good, dude. Just means we get our turn out of the way first." Peter had a commanding power of positivity in his words, like Mikey had heard many times in pastors and preachers at various churches he had been to.

The camp director called up the cabins by number and, slowly but surely, Cabin 6 was called. Jeremy and Matt led the way with Mikey trailing behind them.

"You excited for the rice pudding and bologna sandwiches they serve here, Mikey?" Matt taunted.

Mikey made a vomiting motion. "Eww!"

"Yeah, but instead of raisins in the rice pudding, they're ants. You need protein, man," Jeremy chimed.

Mikey's stomach lurched. The hunger he felt was suddenly nonexistent. He watched his brother and Jeremy fill their dinner plates with chicken strips, and macaroni. Mikey took a spoonful of mash and a full cup of watered down iced tea back to the table.

"Not hungry, Mikey?" Peter asked.

Mikey shook his head, no. He took a meager bite of his mash and gulped down the iced tea. Mikey watched as Jason first lined up exactly five of each vegetable and five chicken strips and ate them meticulously. The other boys hungrily gnawed at the overcooked chicken strips and macaroni with sparing portions of cooked carrots, peas, and mashed potatoes. His stomach gurgled but thinking about ants in rice pudding put him off eating for the rest of their meal.

Matt watched his brother struggling and felt bad. He didn't really want his kid brother to starve. He pocketed a couple of chicken nuggets for later when Mikey would start whining about being hungry.

After slaving away over the dish pit, Cabin 6 was heading back to their bunks for a bit before Vespers.

"Peter, my dad asked if I could help him with the ceremony tonight..." Chris lied.

"Well, nobody told me that the reverend needed you to help out, but it sounds legit. Take a flashlight with you," Peter warned.

Chris grabbed his hoodie and large yellow flashlight and gave Peter the thumbs up. "Bye Jason!"

"Okay." Jason didn't even look up from his Gameboy. He was trying to beat Queen Metroid and trying to fight off the urge to go to the bathroom.

Chris waddled out the door and turned on the flashlight. It was time to raid the tuck shop before Vespers!

"Alright boys, we have about ten minutes before we have to head up to the lookout for Vespers and then campfire. If any of you need to use the restroom, now's your chance."

Mikey quickly got up and headed to the facilities, followed by his brother, Jeremy, and Nick.

"Jason, you don't need to go?" Peter queried.

"Gotta beat the Queen."

"Hey man, you should take advantage while you can. The fire pit and the lookout are pretty far from the bathrooms... I just don't want you to have an accident."

"In a minute. Gotta beat the Queen." Jason wiggled around in his bed. Jason hummed in desperation. His stomach gurgled and he could feel himself starting a bowel movement as he delivered the final blow to Queen Metroid. Jason slid off the bed slowly, put the Gameboy on his pillow, and very carefully headed for the bathroom. He felt naked without his games, but Peter had offered him an extra pack of liquorice from the tuck shop for going without the Gameboy during Vespers and Campfire.

Meanwhile, Chris was heading up past the tuck shop's secret door towards the lookout. He had broken into the secret entrance and was stuffing his pockets full of contraband candy. His stomach was already full after having three helpings at dinner, but there was always room for more gummy worms, chocolate bars, sour keys, and whatever other delicious candies lay beyond the door. Chris knew not to take more than six at a time - someone would notice if there was nothing left and he only had six pockets after all.

He quickly gobbled two chocolate covered marshmallow bars and licked the melted excess off his mouth. They were so delicious. Chris wished he could just eat candy all day long. He looked down at his light-up watch. It was nearly time for Vespers. Chris quickly locked up his secret stash and quickly waddled towards the lookout. Chris was starting to regret having thirds at dinner. His stomach hurt more than usual after a big meal. He closed his eyes for a second and tried to think about anything but throwing up. He breathed in deeply and continued on his way, trying to convince himself it would be okay.

When Chris got to Vespers, his father, Reverend John Chant, was already standing there next to the makeshift giant driftwood cross overlooking the inlet. "You're late, Christian."

"Sorry Dad," Chris gasped.

"Son, I've told you this before, you need to take it easy at dinner. I watched you get thirds... I know you're a growing boy but enough is enough. This is gluttony, Christian."

Chris stared at his feet, sheepishly. The shame had made his nausea cease and Chris didn't want to talk about food with his father at all.

John handed his son a sheet of the sermon and the songs Chris would lead. "Son, I don't mean to be hard on you. If you would rather hang out with your friends than help with Vespers, I understand."

"It's fine, Dad. I don't mind," Chris mumbled. He really didn't mind. He just didn't enjoy when his father guilted him about his supposed gluttony. He wasn't that bad, was he?

After Vespers, the boys were tramping through the forest towards the nearby fire pit for their nightly camp fire.

Chris's stomach was starting to feel even queasier as he waddled behind the rest of his cabin. He wanted to ask Peter if he could go back to the cabin and lay down but Peter seemed preoccupied talking to Cabin 1's leader, Dave. He closed his eyes and held his swollen stomach. Jason walked quickly in front of him, not even noticing Chris's discomfort. Chris needed to stop. He was sure he was going to throw up; he crouched down and lowered his head. He shut his eyes; the nauseous feeling ceased completely. Chris got back up and took a deep breath, "whew." He waddled over to where his cabin was sitting.

"Where were you?" Nick asked, "We thought a bear got you!"

"Oh, um, I needed to take a whiz so..."

"You peed in the forest?" Nick looked concerned.

"Yeah, it's not a big deal."

The look on Nick's face didn't change at all; he was definitely one of those kids who didn't get out much... thankfully he believed Chris's story.

Peter went up to the fire and began leading the boys in a round of "Alice the Camel." When he finished teaching the new boys that one, Peter invited Chris to come up and help lead a round of "Head and Shoulders."

Chris got up from his seat and went up next to Peter. He immediately felt sick again. He had to stop doing the actions for the song; the motions were not kind to his queasy tummy. Chris resorted to holding his gut and shutting his eyes. When Peter finally noticed his helper's predicament, it was too late. Chris leaned over and blew chunks all over the ground below. He took a deep breath and threw up again; this time, it was less chunky and more watery.

"Eww!" the campers exclaimed in harmony.

Peter grabbed Chris's arm and motioned to Dave to get all the campers organized and back to their cabins in an orderly fashion. He quickly walked with Chris to the bathrooms. "Are you still feeling sick, Chris?"

Chris nodded, "I think I ate too much dinner."

"We'll get you some water and clean you up. You'll be okay in the morning. I can grab you a bucket that we can put next to your bed in case you're sick during the night," Peter kindly suggested.

"Thank you," Chris whispered. He was red with embarrassment. He hoped Jason would still want to be his friend.

Chris was already asleep in his bed by the time the rest of Cabin 6 got back to their bunks. Dave dropped the boys off and said a quick "good night" to Peter before heading back to his cabin. Matt and Jeremy were quietly snickering about Chris's unfortunate puke incident. Mikey looked uncomfortable and shy, but Nick had slowly become friends with the youngest member of the cabin and was showing him how to make cat's cradle with some string he kept in his pocket. Jason was very excited to get back to his Gameboy and barely noticed his best friend was already basically unconscious.

Mikey could barely concentrate on what Nick was showing him - he was regretting throwing away all of his GoodNites. What if he was still a bedwetter?

Nick grabbed Mikey's hands and tried to show him how to fix the knots he had created, "Like this."

"I'm tired. Maybe we can try tomorrow," Mikey whispered as he let go of the string. He went to his backpack and looked for his pajamas.

Nick put the string in his pocket and found his pajamas. He removed his shirt and his pants... and discovered the sticky mess in his underwear had happened again. It wasn't as bad as earlier, but it was still unpleasant. He shyly hid his body and tossed the underwear in the bottom of his bag, quickly covering himself with his pajamas. Luckily, nobody noticed and Nick slunk beneath the covers of his sleeping bag.

Mikey felt very little shame, as he had shared a room with Matt for most of his life. He took his time putting on his pajamas, wondering if he should try and go pee before bed or if he would be okay. He decided against, as his feet were cold and he was tired. Mikey slipped on his pajama pants and curled up on the bunk below his brother.

Matt jumped down from his bunk. "Mikey, aren't you gonna brush your teeth?" Matt asked.

"Um, no," Mikey replied.

"Okay? What about... you know..."

Mikey looked confused.

"Aren't you gonna go pee?" Matt whispered, "Just in case?"

"No!" Mikey hissed, "I don't have to go."

Matt rolled his eyes. "Don't make me say I told ya so," he warned as he and Jeremy made their way to the bathroom for their final trip of the evening.

"It's lights out in ten minutes, boys. If any of you need to use the facilities, brush your teeth, or have a quick shower, now's the time," Peter warned.

Mikey pulled the sleeping bag over his head and shut his eyes. Camp was definitely tiring.

When the rest of the boys came back and Peter shut off his flashlight, Mikey felt like maybe he should've gone to the bathroom after all. But it wasn't too bad. He could probably make it until morning. It was too late now.

Mikey woke up to the excruciating and desperate urge to pee. He flung himself out of bed and walked as fast as he could to the bathroom, holding on with both hands. He was relieved to have made it all night, but at the same time he was afraid he wouldn't make it to the toilet in time. He held as tightly as he could and thankfully there was a hole in his pajama pants that he could pee out of, because he wasn't sure if he could get them off. The release was nice and... warm?

Mikey's eyes jolted open as he felt himself soak his sleeping bag. He gasped heavily and sat up in the pitch black. He looked around to see if anyone was awake, but he couldn't see anything. He finished going and the sleeping bag was completely soaked. Mikey was shaking with fear. Where would he sleep?! Why had he gotten rid of his GoodNites?! Mikey lay back down and started to cry.

The bunk bed started to shake. Mikey was scared that Peter would find him and yell at him and the camp would send him home.

"Hey, Mikey," came a familiar whisper from the darkness.

Mikey sniveled, "Matt?"

"Are you okay?" Matt whispered.

"Matt... I... I peed..."

Matt said nothing and came and sat with his brother, "It's okay. Did Mom pack you another pair of pajamas?"

"Yeah..."

"Okay, let's go to the bathroom and you can change and shower... I'll see if Peter can get you another sleeping bag."

"N-no... he'll be mad!"

"It's fine. It happens," Matt reassured his little brother. He went over to Peter's stand alone bed and shook him awake. "Peter..."

"Mmmm what?" Peter groggily shook himself awake.

"My brother wet the bed," Matt told him, "Can we get him a new sleeping bag?"

"We might have some blankets at the nurse's station. I don't have a key though... he'll have to wait until tomorrow. Sorry," Peter closed his eyes.

"We're going to the bathroom to clean Mikey up," Matt said, "We'll be back soon."

"Mm-hmm," Peter replied, slowly getting up from his bunk to deal with Mikey's accident.

Matt took his brother's hand and his backpack and they headed to the bathroom.

"Rinse yourself off in the shower and then put on your new PJs," Matt commanded.

His little brother was still sobbing. "Matt! My tummy hurts!"

"Are you gonna puke?"

"N-no..."

"Do you need to eat something? You had next to no dinner." Matt handed him the two chicken nuggets he had stashed earlier. "Seriously, dude, you need to eat. And next time it's nearing lights out, go to the friggin' bathroom."

"Okay," he weakly replied. Mikey wiped the tears from his eyes and scarfed down the cold nuggets. He then removed his wet pajamas and had a quick shower.

Nick woke to the sunrise... totally wet. A cold sweat trickled down his back. Had he wet himself the same as little Mikey? It couldn't be... he hadn't wet the bed for years! He pulled back his sleeping bag and looked down. His pajama pants were soaked and... sticky. It wasn't pee though. He groaned almost inaudibly and realized Jeremy was looking at him.

"Hey," Jeremy whispered.

"Hey...?"

"Did you have one too?"

"One what?"

"You know, dude. A wet dream."

"Um... no?"

"Oh my god. You don't even know what a... ugh. Come with me to the bathroom," Jeremy grumbled.

"Um..."

"God! Just trust me for five seconds, you loser." Jeremy slid off the bunk and Nick followed suit. Nick followed his mentor into a shower stall and Jeremy turned on the water. "When did you first start getting them?"

"Getting what?"

"Fucking boners!" Jeremy exclaimed.

"Oh, um, just this week."

"Thank God I thought I was the only dude here. Has anyone shown you what to do? My mom's boyfriend showed me how to fix it."

"No..."

Jeremy pulled down his shorts to reveal his erect penis. He began to demonstrate for Nick how to jack off. Jeremy closed his eyes and came quickly. "I like to think about Katie Lee in a bathing suit. It helps sometimes."

Nick was so nervous to try Jeremy's method. "So if you do that before you go to sleep, you won't... wake up like this?"

"Hopefully," Jeremy replied. "Mom's boyfriend says the best way is to put your dick inside a girl..."

Nick shook his head. The thought of that horrified him.

Chris wasn't awake yet, but Jason had decided to get up early and practice playing through F1 again. He knew he would beat Chris, as he always did, but Jason didn't want to get rusty at games. As he drove around the loop, he felt the urge to pee growing. Jason grabbed his crotch desperately, but couldn't face losing this round. He fell behind a few cars and wiggled around in his sleeping bag.

Peter looked over at Jason playing his game. "Hey man, you're taking that race pretty seriously."

"Gotta win," Jason gritted his teeth. He took one hand off the Gameboy to adjust his crotch, falling behind even more. Jason was losing both battles, but the race was nearly over.

"Hey Jason, do you need to go to the bathroom?" Peter queried.

"In a minute," Jason grunted, "Gotta win."

"Dude, you look like you really have to go. You sure you don't wanna just hit pause? We've got a while before breakfast."

"No!" Jason shouted, kicking off the covers of his sleeping bag, revealing his wriggling, desperate frame. Tears were running down his rosy cheeks. Jason felt himself losing control and shoved a hand down his pajama pants. He hit the accelerate button with his nose; he couldn't see the screen but knew the course off by heart. "Ughh," he grunted. He had made it to the end of the race... albeit in last place. He set down the Gameboy and got up to go to the bathroom, dancing vigorously with both hands holding his privates. Jason headed to the bathrooms and when he got there, the other boys had taken all of the stalls. The urinals were free, but Jason couldn't go in front of other boys. The pee-pee dance was no longer helping him hold it in. He knocked on the door of one of the stalls, "I have to go to the bathroom!" he shouted.

"Hold your horses!" another boy shouted back.

"No! I have to go right now!" Jason awkwardly screamed, "I'm gonna pee my pants!" He shut his eyes and scrunched his legs together. "Hurry up!" His heart was pounding. He tried to scrunch himself smaller and smaller but the ache between his legs was growing. A stream of urine shot down his leg. Then another. And another. Jason let loose just as Nick emerged from the toilet stall. Jason screamed and began to cry.

Jeremy came out from the one next to him. "Whoa, what the fuck? That weird kid pissed himself, but there's urinals right there."

Nick said nothing and walked back to Cabin 6 with Jeremy in tow.

Back at the cabin, Peter was laying down and reading his favourite passages in Leviticus when Nick came running in. "Peter! Jason peed his pants!"

Peter sighed deeply. "Great. I'll take care of it. Matt and Jeremy, can you two lead the rest of the cabin down to the lake for the swim test? Let the director know I'll be down after I take Jason to the nurse's station."

Jeremy rolled his eyes and Matt shyly pulled a T-Shirt over his boyish body. He didn't want to go swimming with Jeremy and Nick. He felt like a little kid.

Peter headed to the bathrooms where Jason was laying on the floor in a puddle of his own urine, screaming.

"Hey man. Let's go get you cleaned up. I brought some clothes for you for after your shower. Accidents happen."

Jason got up slowly, no longer screaming but tears were streaming down. Peter handed him a towel to wrap around his waist and they walked up to the nurse's station where there was laundry and a more private shower.

When they got there, Dave was filling in for the nurse, who was taking care of all of Cabin 1, who had somehow all gotten food poisoning from the peanut-free snacks one of them had brought. "Sup, Peter?" Dave smiled, showing all his teeth. His sunglasses were still on and he managed to look cool even in an unpleasant place like the medical supply cabin.

"Hey Dave. Jason just needs to use the shower... we'll wash his clothes and then we're heading down to the lake."

Dave nodded, "Cool man. Yeah, accidents happen. Usually just to Cabin 1, but... whatever."

"Shower's just around the corner, Jason," Peter gestured, "Just give yourself a quick rinse and put on your new clothes. We'll take care of the laundry."

Jason said nothing. He was quick to clean himself and quick to leave for the lake.

Dave raised an eyebrow. "How is it that your preteen cabin has more issues than the six-year-olds?"

Peter snickered. "I have no idea."

"And how is it that you and I are on opposite ends of the camp ground but we keep running into each other?"

Peter blushed, "I guess we're just meant to be..."

Dave grasped Peter's hand and gave him a kiss on the cheek.

Peter closed his eyes and reciprocated with his lips, bringing his body closer. Their torsos and groins rubbed together awkwardly.

"I want you..." Dave whispered, his hand slowly caressing Peter's erect penis, just as Reverent Chant pushed open the door.

*001*2017-10-26 21:23

Re-reading this now and it works better as separate chapters. Apologies for the flow... probably will rework this soon or separate it into parts. Not sure how to delete it? Also suggestions for edits are welcome. ^^'

*003*2017-10-30 06:08

{{On 10/27/2017 at 2:11 PM, BENAir01 said:

I like it a lot!

}}

Thanks! Could for sure use a few edits though. Too bad the site doesn't let you edit older posts... maybe I will re-post it in this thread when I fix it.

