The Legend of Zelda SS: Zelda's Late Night

Author: MemeOverlord

*000*2020-09-13 01:35

(Artist: zerink of tumblr.com)

Zelda's Late Night

It was the end of another fine day in Skyloft, as the sun began to set behind the distant clouds. The sunsets are always so beautiful, Zelda thought to herself as she sat upon her favorite hill, overlooking the Skyloft Academy. She giggled inwardly as she found herself wishing that her childhood friend, Link, were here with her. She had been hiding up there all day practicing The Ballad of the Goddess in preparation for the annual Wing Ceremony the next day. The Wing Ceremony consisted of a race to determine who would graduate and become a knight. This year, Zelda had been chosen as the maiden who would enact the role of the Goddess in the final part of the ceremony, while the victor would be enacting the role of the Goddess's chosen hero.

She blushed again as she thought of Link being the victor, it would just be so perfect for her to be the one to do the ceremony for him. I will need to remember to make sure Link gets his practicing in tomorrow and doesn't sleep in! She thought to herself. Finally, she decided to get up and return to the academy. Dusting herself off, she took one last look back at the sunset, she wanted to stay and watch it till the end, but she didn't want Pipit, or any of the other senior class knights to give her a hard time for missing curfew again.

Later that evening, Zelda was safely in her room at the Skyloft Academy, getting in some more late night practice. She already had the rhythm of the harp down, but was still struggling with a few of the lyrics. So she sat at her desk with a cup of water to keep her whistle wet in one hand, and a lyrical score sheet in the other. Hoping that no one else would hear her, she had been singing quietly to herself, practicing the verses.

After awhile, she grew uncomfortable sitting at her desk, so she moved over to sit on her bed. She sat on the edge of the bed and kicked off her boots, then stood up again to remove her white tights and other adornings. Feeling a little more free now, she sat back on the bed with her legs folded, still wearing the cute pink dress she had made for the upcoming ceremony. After a few more minutes, she rolled over on her stomach, and held the paper out in front of her. As she did this, it put more pressure on her bladder, and she realized that she had to pee. Deciding that maybe a little break would be good anyway, she rolled out of bed, slid into her slippers, and exited the room.

(Artist: moxie2D of Deviantart)

Zelda walked daintily down the hallway, hoping that none of the boys would see her in a partial state of undress. The short time laying on her stomach had really put a strain on her bladder, much more so than she realized, but fortunately, the restroom was only just down the hall. Upon reaching it, she discovered that the door was locked. "Hello, is anyone in there?" she said softly, as she lightly knocked on the door. There was no response, but she could hear the sounds of water running, someone was clearly taking a bath. Zelda sighed, and stood by the door, waiting.

Several minutes passed, and she could still hear the water, whoever was using the restroom was taking their time. The sounds of the bathwater became too much for her, and she decided to return to her room to wait it out. After about fifteen minutes of pacing about her room, her need to go had become quite urgent, so she returned to the hallway to check on the restroom. Surely whoever was in there would be done by now! She thought to herself. Approaching the door, her heart sank as she saw that now, Karane, one of the upper-class girls, was also waiting in front of the restroom door.

"Oh, hello, Karane, your waiting for the restroom too?" Zelda asked.

"Oh hi! Yeah, I am. Whoever is in there, they've been at it for a looong time." Karane responded.

"Oh dear, I was waiting earlier and went back to my room because they were taking too long. That was nearly half an hour ago!"

"Really, that long? Surely they must almost be done by now. I need a bath before tomorrow, what about you?"

Zelda blushed at the question, not wanting to admit that she needed to pee. "Oh, y-yes, me too. I want to have a good bath for my part in the ceremony tomorrow..."

"Oh yeah, you were chosen to play the Goddess this year, right? I'm so jealous! I always wanted to be picked for that. Congrats to you!"

"Yeah, I was picked. I'm sorry that you never were, Karane." Zelda said, wincing as the pain in her bladder became worse.

Noticing the look on Zelda's face, Karane asked, "Hey, you sure you're okay?"

"W-what? Oh yes, I, I'm fine. Just uh, a little nervous about tomorrow, I guess..." Zelda replied. Though in truth she was a little nervous about the ceremony tomorrow, she was mostly only nervous that Link would not be the victor, and they would not be able to do the ceremony together. The reality of the situation was that her bladder's desperation was what was actually causing her to look, 'nervous.'

Finally, after what felt like eons, Zelda's father, Gaepora emerged from the restroom, wearing only his bathrobe. The girls both screeched and covered their eyes, Gaepora's face turned red. "Oh, uh, terribly sorry girls, I uh.." he said, fumbling with his words. "Daddy, just go!" Zelda yelped, still covering her eyes as her face burned hot with embarrassment. Why did her father always have to embarrass her like this? He merely nodded at this and shuffled down the hall in his much too short bathrobe. The girls exchanged glances.

"Can we just agree to never speak of this again?" Zelda said, her cheeks still red.

"Fine by me, it's not like I ever want that image in my head again." Karane replied.

"I love my father so much, but he really can be embarrassing sometimes."

"Yeah, dads are like that. Anyway, sorry that you still might have to wait a bit, I'm going to need to run some new bathwater, I don't want to reuse your father's water...uh no offense though!"

"Oh, uh, yeah, none taken! I wouldn't want to either!" Zelda replied sweetly, though Karane's words were killing her on the inside. She wasn't sure if she could wait long enough for Karane to draw a brand new bath and fully bathe herself. She was considering asking Karane if she would let her go first, but that would be rude, especially since she still didn't know the real reason that Zelda wanted to go first.She sighed as Karane shut the door behind her, leaving Zelda waiting in the hallway again, alone with her full bladder.

As soon as Zelda heard the water flowing again, her need to pee became even more desperate. Her bladder twinged painfully, and she had to put one of her hands between her legs to keep her muscles from releasing. The water in the restroom was still flowing, and it was making her pain worse by the second. Before long, a small dribble of urine escaped her failing muscles, and leaked into her pink panties. She squealed, and put her other hand between her legs, straining with all her willpower to keep it from going any further. Deciding that the sound of the water was too much, she began to pace up and down the hallway, while staying out of earshot.

However, this was only a short term solution, as the pressure in her abdomen was growing at an alarming rate every second, soon walking was too painful. Fortunately, the water had finally stopped running, so she was able to go and wait in place by the door again. Suddenly, she heard a door open, and looked up hopefully, but it was not the restroom door. Zelda froze in place as she realized that it was the front door, Pipit had just come inside from his nightly patrol. Using every ounce of strength she had, she straightened her body, and removed her hands from between her legs. She didn't want anyone to know that she was so desperate, especially not any of the boys.

"Oh, uh, evening, Zelda." He said, blushing and averting his gaze.

"E-evening" she stammered "w-what's wrong?"

That's when Zelda remembered that she was no longer wearing her tights, and that her lower legs were visible. She quickly put her hands in front of herself, and hung her head in shame while Pipit hurriedly moved past her towards the other end of the building. Suddenly, she realized that there was a warm sensation in her panties, while she had been attempting to appear normal, a very small stream of pee had began to escape into her underwear. She squealed again, and shoved both her hands between her legs once more, stopping the flow.

She felt up under her dress, it wasn't bad, her panties had a good wet patch on them, but nothing more, nothing that anyone else could notice. Unfortunately, she was only holding off the inevitable, at this rate, if the restroom didn't become available right at that moment, there would be no way that she wouldn't have an accident. The restroom did not open at that very moment, so Zelda began to lose her battle. Bit by bit, more spurts of urine escaped from her burning urethra and into her undergarments.

She could now feel it beginning to leak out of her panties, and through her fingers, with tears welling in her eyes, she clamped them shut, and pressed her hands against her womanhood even tighter, attempting to hold back the flow. It was no use though, her muscles completely gave way, and her bladder started to fully empty into her already saturated panties. Understanding that the flow couldn't be stopped, and not wanting to accidentally brush up against her ceremony dress, Zelda removed her hands from her pee flow. Hot streams of urine were jetting straight through her panties, running down her legs and soaking into her slippers. Before long, there was a large puddle forming at her feet, the pee running down her legs was rivaled only by the tears streaming down her face. As her accident was drawing to a close, she heard the lock turn on the restroom door, as Karane emerged.

"Alright, sorry for the wait, it's all your-" Karane gasped. "Oh no, Zelda, are you alright? You had a uh...shoot, I'm sorry!"

*sobbing* "I-I..waited a l-long time" *sobs* "P-please don't tell Link!"

"What? No no, it's okay, why didn't you just tell me? I would have let you go first. Don't worry, Link will never know, I won't tell a soul."

*sniffle* "Promise?"

"Yes, I promise. I'm no bully like Groose and his cronies, I wouldn't get anything out of publicly humiliating you. Now why don't you just go ahead and get in there to clean yourself up. I had clean up duty tonight anyway, so I'll grab a mop and take care of your- uh...yeah, I'll take care of it. Sorry, didn't mean to bring it up."

Without another word, Zelda shuffled into the bathroom, and closed the door. Her eyes still stung hot with tears, and her underwear were still wet and warm. She wiped the burning tears from her eyes, and stripped out of her clothes. She tossed the soiled clothing to the side, and folded her ceremony dress up neatly on the counter. While she waited for the bath basin to fill, Zelda inspected her slender body. Her inner thighs were still moist to the touch, and her girl parts smelled strongly of fresh urine, this caused a pang of shame and humiliation to shoot through her stomach as she thought about it.

She felt so childish, and was glad that Link didn't have to see her this way. She wasn't quite sure why she couldn't stop thinking about him, sure, Link was her best friend, and would be so unconditionally, but why would it have bothered her more for him to have seen this than anyone else? She blushed again, realizing that Link's opinion of his friend really mattered to her because..... (as per usual with Zelda games, the answer to that can be up to your own interpretation)

Once her bath was over, Zelda put her dress back on, having no clean underclothes, and prepared herself for the walk of shame. She cracked the door open and looked out into the hallway. No one was around, and, as per her promise, Karane had cleaned up Zelda's accident from the floor, her face turned red again at the thought of this. Determining that the coast was clear, she slipped out from the restroom, and hurried down the hallway back to her room, carrying her pee-stained clothing in a little bundle under her arm. As she went down the hall, she prayed that she wouldn't run in to anyone, so no one would see or smell her ruined clothing. Her prayers were answered, she made it back to her room unnoticed, it was after hours, afterall, so most of the students and instructors were in their chambers.

Once she was finally back in the safety of her room, she began to relax and come to the realization that everything would be okay. She did still have the ceremony to look forward to tomorrow. I should become closer friends with Karane, she really had my back, and was so understanding. She thought to herself. But for now, let's just worry about Link, I had better hurry and get some sleep so that I can remind him to get some practice in the morning, I know he will probably sleep in otherwise. Still feeling a bit ashamed and childish, Zelda finally crawled into bed and slid between her sheets. As sleep began to overtake her, the worries of her humiliating accident began to drift away.

Written by:

High Meme-Overlord

*002*2020-09-14 04:03

{{5 hours ago, Keita123 said:

Ooh, I love this! Poor Zelda...

}}

Thanks! Idk why, I like feeling sorry for poor Zelda.

