The Mock Trial

Author: miakitty

*000*2017-10-09 15:01

Rachel Eaves was a very promising Law student who scored well on tests, aced all her essays and blew away the competition in practical sessions. She was popular, pretty but not bitchy and had often stayed late at the library to help other students who were struggling. At 5.8, with tanned skin, chestnut hair and chocolate coloured eyes Rachel was, quite frankly, stunning to look at and had, in the past, turned down several offers from modeling agencies.

She was dead set on achieving a first in her degree, graduating with honours and gaining a position at one of London’s top law firms. On paper, everything looked good. She’d undertaken several key internships, showed excellent grades and had outside interests like swimming, ballet, and drama which equaled healthy outlets for the stress every law student feels at some point. So Rachel knew that as long as she prepared well for her mock trial, a critical element of the criminal law module then she would be absolutely fine. Unfortunately, Rachel hadn’t factored Carla into the equation and would soon desperately come to wish that she had.

It wasn’t the fact that Rachel was a genuinely nice person liked by staff and students that annoyed Carla, nor was it because Rachel always seemed to beat her scores and make her lose out on being the top student. No, it was because each mock trial group was chosen by the lecturer and it just so happened that Carla’s crush Rob Bridges had been paired as Rachel’s co-counsel. ‘It just wasn’t fair’ Carla fumed and try as she might she couldn’t get Amy Cousins, their criminal law professor, to change her mind. The decision ate away at Carla as she tried in vain to study, images of Rachel and Rob hugging after they won kept coming back to her. Each time she thought about it she grew more and more angry. Carla tried to focus because in her role as opposing counsel her job would be to convince the student ‘jury’ that Rob and Rachel were wrong.

However, a lack of sleep mixed with stress over her other modules soon meant Carla had fallen behind on her mock trial preparation. She then realised that she wouldn’t be able to beat Rachel but instead, she might be able to force her to forfeit the case. In the days leading up to mock trial week, Carla spent her time planning her version of the perfect crime, one that wouldn’t just see her pass the assessment with flying colours but would humiliate Rachel all at the same time.

Carla wasn’t by nature a vindictive person, but she’d also heard a nasty little rumour that Rob had actually asked not to be paired with her. He’d felt awkward at a party a couple of weeks ago when Carla, utterly wasted, threw herself at him only to have Rob gently prise her away. So by the time the day of the mock trial arrived Carla was consumed with frustration, sadness, and jealousy. Those three make for a heady cocktail of emotions at the best of times but combined with a healthy dose of insecurity the results would be explosive.

Rachel wrote down a few notes in her binder while standing in line to pay for her pasta salad at lunchtime. She felt cool, calm and collected but at the same was glad their group had been given an afternoon slot. She’d watched the morning sessions carefully and had seen the assembled professors had been impressed with the performances so far. It was going to be hard to stand out at the same time as making sure that the rest of her team didn’t feel overshadowed. She’d even worn her lucky silk peach panties that day and could feel the soft material underneath her tailored navy skirt suit.

Rachel was so focused on writing she didn’t see Carla grab her orange juice from off her tray, open the bottle and quickly pour two large crushed diuretic pills into the liquid. Carla then gave the bottle a quick shake and replaced the cap firmly all in a matter of seconds. She then walked away with a little smile on her face as she thought about the afternoon ahead. Rachel paid for her food and joined her group for some last minute trial prep- it might only be a mock trial but every minute counted. Having eaten her food, she pulled the juice towards her and noticed the seal had been broken but assumed that she must have done it herself.

Over lunch, she drank the entire 500ml bottle plus had some water to make sure she wouldn’t feel dehydrated. Finally, she looked at her watch and realised there were only ten minutes left before afternoon lectures. Telling her group she’d meet them outside the library, where the mock trials were being staged, she walked quickly to the ladies room. In the toilet cubicle, Rachel pulled down her underwear and sat gently on the seat while thinking of nothing in particular. A strong, steady stream of pale amber pee flowed out of her pussy into the toilet bowl but soon trickled away as she wiped. Emerging from the stall Rachel washed her hands, checked her make-up and took a few deep breaths before smiling confidently to herself.

At first, everything was wonderful. Rachel wasn’t just proud of herself she was thrilled that her team were performing their roles so well. However, and it was just a tiny thing, she kept having the feeling that Carla was watching her, even when someone else was speaking. Rachel simply told herself she was being paranoid and focused her attention on what was happening in the room. Just as the opening statements had been completed Rachel felt something unexpected. She didn’t know how it was possible but she kind of needed to pee again.

Normally her bladder was cast iron, so she simply put it down to nerves but the nagging feeling persisted. An hour into the mock trial and Rachel couldn’t kid herself anymore. She needed the ladies room but breaks were carefully scheduled and it would look very unprofessional to request one so early on. Luckily, Rachel was an excellent student and had prepared well so her performance initially wasn’t affected. Gradually though, every time she stood up or sat down she winced lightly as her skirt band dug into her bloating stomach. She started to shift around in her seat which earned her a questioning look from Rob and at one point she had to ask the ‘defendant’ to repeat their answer.

Soon Rachel realised that she didn’t just need to pee - she needed to do so very badly and started to sweat. Her panties became moist as her quivering pussy lips held back what seemed to be an ocean of boiling hot female wee. Suddenly, her bladder pulsed and Rachel realised that she was going to have to do the unthinkable and call a recess less than two hours in. Her cheeks flushed pink but she shrugged it off as feeling a little hot and took a deep drink of water. Ten more minutes passed and Rachel was starting to worry. She’d tried all of her tactics for easing her need for the bathroom and unusually none of them seemed to work. Crossing her legs under the table Rachel risked a quick grab at her pussy through her skirt before standing up to speak.

Five minutes later and just as she was explaining a key point of law a tiny jet of wee dribbled into her knickers. Rachel froze- had she actually started to wet herself or was it just sweat? As she took her seat she inhaled a deep breath and checked Rob wasn’t looking. The table gave her just enough coverage but they were sitting very close together and the slightest jolt would make him look over. Carefully, Rachel placed her index finger on her panties. They were indeed wet, only a little, barely a drop in reality, but she had actually lost control of her bladder for a moment. Rachel quickly removed her hand only to immediately put it back when she felt the heaviness of her bladder screaming to be emptied. She was forced to cross her legs and grind herself against her hand in order to stop herself from weeing.

She couldn’t believe that she was in this predicament and as another tiny jet of piss trickled down her urethra and sprayed out her cunt lips she knew it was only going to get worse. Her bladder seemed to pulse inside her and she could barely focus on what was being said as she fought the endless waves of pain. Suddenly, Rob poked her hard and she jumped forcing a two-second loss of control as wee sizzled into her peach panties. ‘What?’ she whispered. ‘It’s your turn Rachel are you ok?’ Rob muttered. ‘I’m fine’ she replied shortly even though she was anything but as she’d started to trickle again and was worried about the stain showing on her skirt.

She was in the middle of cross-examination when a sudden five-second jet hissed out and she knew she was minutes, perhaps seconds away from having an embarrassing potty accident. ‘Your honour’ she muttered as her face flushed crimson and her body shivered. ‘Yes, counselor?’ came the response. ‘May we request a ten-minute recess?’

‘On what grounds?’

‘Oh um ah.. she blushed hotter and the judge, played by her lecturer, looked at her closely. ‘Rachel are you ok you’re very pale?’ Rachel groaned as she felt another leak escape her and closed her eyes momentarily. ‘I really need a bathroom break’ she whispered. Amy paused. Here was her star student shaking like a little girl about to wet herself but they were only a third of the way through the assessment. Sympathetically she told the trembling girl that they were due a break in thirty minutes and could she wait. Rachel wanted the ground to swallow her up as she shook her head no, she couldn’t as her wee had started soak through her knickers and down her legs. Amy, more concerned than angry looked at Rachel who was practically in tears. ‘Is it an emergency’ she said kindly. Rachel gulped and brokenly nodded. ‘Very well, there will be a fifteen-minute recess.'

No sooner had she said these words than Rachel flew out of the room past her bemused classmates. In the hub hub of noise that followed no one noticed Carla and Rob also exit. Rachel rushed to the nearest bathroom, her hand between her legs in tears as she desperately tried to stop weeing herself. Opening the door, she ran frantically into the toilet but at the sight of what she’d longed for, practically begged for, her bladder simply gave way. Hot, yellow urine flooded her panties, dripped into her tights and squirted down her legs. It then flowed onto the floor soaking her skirt, tights, and shoes.

Rachel moaned loudly as torrents of fresh wee cascaded straight down between her legs. She slowly sank into a crouch and felt her wee drum against her quivering pussy lips before falling right into the huge puddle. Her only consolation was that she’d avoiding having an accident in front of her whole class. Gradually, her pee started to slow, the ache in her bladder eased and she felt the stream die away as she surveyed the damage. Her peach panties were utterly ruined and her expensive suit stunk of wee as somehow it had even managed to splash the jacket. Her tights were drenched and her shiny court shoes filled with her own piss. Rachel burst into tears and wondered how it had all gone so horribly wrong.

Suddenly there was a knock on the door of the ladies room. It was Rob. ‘Rachel are you ok; it’s just you ran out of there so quickly.' He paused wondering if he should say the rest ‘and um well I know you really needed the bathroom so, um did you make it?’ Rachel shuddered and leaving her mess crawled over to the door. ‘Not really’ she said. ‘Do you need anything?’ Rob asked, ‘like a towel? umm, jeans? new knickers? Hearing Rob say knickers made Rachel giggle despite everything. Rob smiled and asked if he could come in and Rachel, still blushing, unlocked the door. ‘Wooow’ he said as he saw her puddle ‘you really had to go.'

‘Yes,’ Rachel muttered. ‘I did.' Rob told her he’d brought her bag so she could call Amy and explain what had happened, clean up a little and phone a friend to pick her up. ‘Although,' he offered hurriedly ‘I’m happy to take you, or pay for a taxi or whatever.' Rachel smiled again, Rob was a good friend and a brief conversation with Amy reassured her that she had been doing brilliantly up till then and her mark would be more than good enough. Sadly, Amy said the session couldn’t be rescheduled but she would absolutely take the circumstances into consideration and for Rachel to feel better soon.

Rachel ended the call and thought carefully. A bright girl, she knew how much her bladder could hold and she hadn’t nearly drunk enough. Slowly, she pulled her orange juice bottle out her bag and it was empty. Well, nearly, a few dregs remained and along with them a strange white powdery residue. Rachel went very still. Had she been drugged? She showed Rob and he said she needed to report it to student services ASAP. Rachel started to feel better, maybe this wasn’t an accident and the powder had made her really unwell somehow. As she stood up a wave of tiredness washed over her which, considering the stress, should be expected. However, Rachel felt more than tired she felt drained and her bladder was so sore. She wobbled and Rob caught her then pulled her into a tight hug, kissing her firmly on the forehead and said ‘we need to get you to the health centre ASAP.'

When they arrived Rachel explained to the on-call doctor what had happened and showed him the orange juice bottle. Having heard her symptoms and checking her medical records, the doctor frowned. Rachel had never shown signs of urge incontinence before nor had she been drinking enough liquid to force a massive loss of bladder control.

Suddenly his eyes alighted on the pills he’d prescribed for another female student recently. She’d complained of bloating and water retention and so he’d given her a small bottle of diuretics. He checked the prescription form and then made a lengthy call to student services. Finally, he turned to look at Rachel and Rob a grave expression on his face. He explained that he’d given the pills two days earlier to a Miss Carla Benuto and had just learned that she was in the same faculty as Rachel.

A cursory look at the bottle itself showed clearly that the bottle had been tampered with which meant an investigation was launched. CCTV showed Carla clearly pouring something into Rachel’s drink in the lunch line and a quick lab test confirmed the powder was a crushed diuretic. As a result, a terrified Carla was summoned to a faculty meeting and quickly expelled from the law programme. Rachel, who couldn’t believe someone would deliberately hurt her, gave a victim impact statement and then the matter was passed onto the police.

Rachel continued her degree and she and Rob became an unstoppable legal team after graduation, even setting up their prestigious joint law firm in their mid-twenties. Rachel decided to keep her peach panties even though they were ruined. Firstly, they served as an everlasting reminder to be more careful and secondly, well, they brought her and Rob closer together and thus began the beginning of a beautiful, lifelong friendship. Carla really struggled to find another university willing to take her and ironically developed a habit of wetting the bed. She eventually graduated with a 2.2 but had the awful, embarrassing experience of pissing her panties when collecting her certificate but that’s another story entirely.

