Park bathrooms locked - Kylie's wetting

Author: MaxMorgan

*000*2025-01-27 20:48

This story contains female desperation, wetting, begging for the toilet, and humiliation.

I was commissioned by a member of omorashi.org to write a full 5,000 words story, but unfortunately never received payment after sending the preview of the story. I've decided to share the entire chapter 4 here for free, and publish the full story for a small price to try to recoup some of the costs.

This is an excerpt from A Very Wet Way Home, the story of 4 girls trying to get home after a college away game with desperately full bladders - now available as an e-book on Smashwords, Amazon (Kindle) and Kobo stores.

###

It was a bitterly cold evening, and Sydney’s warm layer - her black North Face jacket - was now wrapped around her waist just like Kylie’s sweater was tied around hers. Only Carlie still had her grey hoodie and vest on. The two less-dressed girls shivered, the cold making their bladders ache even more, but they were unwilling to reveal the wet spots spreading in the crotch of their pants. Sydney’s black leggings hid most of the wetness, but she knew if a street light shone on her it would be painfully obvious that she had leaked.

Kylie reached the park bathrooms first, just as a parks employee was locking the door closed. She dashed up to him, trying to appear as composed as possible while clenching all her muscles as tight as she could. Trying to stand up straight, her bladder let out an involuntary squirt and she quickly hunched back over.

‘Excuse me! Sir! If you don’t mind, I’m just going to run in there before you–’

‘Oh, sorry. I’ve already locked up, and I’ve got to be on my way now.’

‘No, uh, it’s really an emergency… I’ll be fast, I promise.’

Another squirt of pee pushed its way out. Kylie could feel her jeans becoming saturated in the crotch and she hoped the wet spot hadn’t spread down to further than her sweater was covering.

‘I’m sorry, but I can’t let you in. Parks policy says these have to be locked at 10. No earlier, no later.’

‘I, ah, please?’

Another gush.

‘Sorry. I really can’t. There’s a convenience store just around the corner, try over there.’

‘No! I mean, no, we’ve already been there. Please, please just let me in.’

By this time, the other girls had caught up to Kylie. She was dancing on the spot, unable to stand still now as her pee tried desperately to escape. Sydney took a hand out of her crotch to give Kylie a supportive pat on the shoulder, but immediately had to shove it back between her legs as a squirt threatened to escape.

‘Really sir, if you could just let us in for a second we would really appreciate it,’ Sydney cut in with a far more even tone of voice than Kylie.

‘We’ll be really quick, and we won’t make a mess. It’s a bit of, like, an emergency, heh.’ Sydney was always the more reasonable one in the group, but even she was finding it close to impossible to maintain her composure with the threat of pissing herself looming so close on the horizon.

‘No, I’m sorry girls but I have to stand firm here. I’ll lose my job if I break the rules and unlock this door for you.’

‘Please, PLEASE–’ Kylie’s voice went shaky and her knees began to knock together. Carlie stood behind the two, observing the scene with disdain. She saw clearly that Kylie was about to wet herself, and she looked away in disgust.

Kylie bent over and, with a cry, pee began to flood out of her. Tears sprang to her eyes and piss gushed down her legs like a torrent. Her black jeans were instantly slick and shiny, soaked through. She pressed her fingers tightly against her pee hole, desperately trying to stop the release, but there was nothing she could do. The parks employee was frozen, eyes wide open and his gesturing hand stilled in midair, shell-shocked.

Urine rushed down Kylie’s jeans, flooding into her brown uggs and soaking into the fuzzy lining and the tall white socks she had on. She couldn’t move or react, totally locked up in her accident. It felt like she peed for an hour, but it couldn’t have been more than a few minutes. The park man mumbled his excuses and apologies and rushed off to his car, face flushed with embarrassment at what he had caused. Pee had begun to soak all the way through Kylie’s uggs, and was dripping out onto the concrete below her, spreading into a wide wet puddle.

After Kylie’s flow had finally died down and she was able to stand up again, she looked up at her friends with tear tracks running down her cheeks.

‘I’m so sorry guys, fuck. I can’t believe that just happened.’

‘No! It’s not your fault, that guy was a total asshole. Why the hell couldn’t he just let us in!’ Sydney tried to comfort her, but was hesitant to get too close since Kylie’s clothes and shoes were totally soaked through.

‘Ugh, it feels like I’m standing ankle deep in a lake. Fuck, give me a second guys and then let’s get the hell out of here. I feel like shit.’

Kylie stepped out of her uggs and peeled off her soaked white socks. She tipped her boots upside down and a torrent of piss poured out, splattering all over the ground and splashing on Carlie’s leggings.

‘Fuck off! Seriously, Kylie? You’re disgusting. This is so embarrassing. Let’s go home.’ Carlie turned and stalked away, back in the direction of the car. Her bladder was burning and she felt pee pushing at the end of her urethra, but she couldn’t show her friends how badly she was suffering. On her way back to the car she surreptitiously tugged her black leggings a little higher so that the waistband wasn’t pressing on her swollen bladder so much.

Kylie and Sydney headed back to the car together, Kylie barefoot carrying her sodden uggs and socks, crying softly. She left a trail of wet footprints behind her. Sydney walked in a limping fashion, barely able to contain her own lake of pee inside her bladder. She was so shocked by what she had just seen that she almost didn’t process how much pain her bladder was causing her.

