The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 18

Author: Mbgpeelover

*429*2024-04-15 23:30

Lunch with a fidgety Ellen

Putting the phone on the table Daniel sighed. He hadn’t actually thought through who exactly might travel to Dundee with the group the following day but now it most certainly wouldn’t be him. Deciding he needed to stretch his legs he took his empty coffee mug over to the trolley of trays with the finished plates and cutlery and carefully placed the mug onto one of the trays. The coffee here was far superior to the watery cheap tasteless stuff in the vending machines in the office and this would certainly be yet another thing he’d really miss after today. Returning to his desk he could already hear his mobile ringing again.

The next hour whizzed by in a blur of emails, forms, phone calls and problem solving as Daniel endeavoured to close the project with as few loose ends as possible. Checking his watch he began feeling excited as midday approached and he knew he’d get to see Ellen again. Seeing another charity worker walking past he stood up to shake their hand and thank them for their work knowing they likely wouldn’t meet again. Chatting to them about what they were doing next after the project he listened as they shared about another community project they were moving to as he felt a little deflated at the thought of returning to a mundane office environment. It was no wonder Ellen had thrived in such a vibrant varied working environment as the thought of sitting facing the same walls day in and day out felt so uninspiring and depressing.

Hearing his phone ring yet again he excused himself to answer it, his heart skipping with excitement at seeing Ellen’s name on the screen. Having a flashback to how thrilled he used to be to see that just a month ago before coming to the ship full time he answered it enthusiastically and joyfully.

“Hi lovely! How’s things?”

“I’m good thanks Daniel. I’m just on my way back now. I called into a chemist for something for Mylana so I was just going to hand that it to her before meeting you on the canteen. I might be a minute or two late but I can see the ship already so I won’t be long. I just didn’t want you thinking I wasn’t coming or that something had happened. See you in a bit.”

“Great. See you soon darling.”

Closing down his laptop he made his way happily towards the canteen picking up a tray on his way and eyeing up the numerous foods on offer. Surprisingly with the ship leaving in two days time and its occupants leaving the next morning there was still a vast array of items on offer as Daniel opted for some fresh lentil soup with crusty bread and another mug of coffee as he carried the tray carefully over to the back of the canteen to sit by the window in Ellen’s favourite spot. Wishing he could see the entrance he began eating his soup while it was hot as he listened out for any sign of Ellen.

He was almost half way through his soup when he looked up to see Ellen approaching looking flustered and harassed.

“I went straight to the Abrahamovsky’s cabin but they weren’t in. You haven’t seen Yakiv or Mylana have you? I promised them I’d pick this up.”

Noticing that Ellen seemed out of breath and antsy Daniel reached out to take her hand as she placed a paper pharmacy bag on the table.

“I’ll help you find them after lunch if you’d like? Why don’t you get yourself a cuppa and something to eat. You must be starving having walked to the school and back.”

“I am actually. I also really need the loo!”

Seeing a pregnant lady wearing a fitted green jumper in the line waiting for food Daniel pointed as he looked at Ellen.

“Is that not her there?”

“Yes! Yes it is. I’ll be right back. Is that the soup of the day? What is it today?”

“Yes. It’s lentil. Delicious too.”

“It looks it. I’ll just get some of that too I think.”

Watching Ellen rush across to Mylana Daniel smiled as she moved around on the spot a lot clearly explaining what she’d bought and how to take it. Remembering Ellen’s passing remark about really needing the loo Daniel’s eyes were glued to her curvaceous body as her mannerisms and body language only confirmed what she’d just told him. Expecting her to leave Mylana and rush to the ladies by the main entrance next to the lifts he was surprised to see her pick up a tray and fill a bowl with the same enticing hot soup he was just finishing. Excited but amazed at this development he could already feel his penis growing as he sipped the last spoonful of his soup and walked over to help Ellen with her tray.

“Let me help you honey.”

“Thank you.”

Placing the tray down Daniel pulled out the seat for Ellen before sitting back down opposite her gazing at her face adoringly. Not even daring to mention her earlier comment he smiled shyly then asked how the assembly had went. Nodding as Ellen spoke Daniel couldn’t help but notice Ellen was sitting tensed and upright with one leg tapping constantly under the table.

“It was so beautiful Daniel. Fadeyka sang a traditional Ukrainian folk song while his teacher played the guitar. He was amazing and even though the children obviously didn’t understand it they all loved it so much. It was amazing seeing Mykhaila again too. She ran up to me at the end and gave me a huge hug. Her foster mum was there and we got talking over tea and coffee afterwards. She’s settled really well and is very friendly with their own daughter Claire. 

They wanted to keep Mykhaila at Pirie Park until the others left which was so understanding of them, but next week she’s moving to the same school as their daughter. Katya did a little presentation about Ukraine with Mykhaila and Liliya and Larysa were in traditional Ukrainian clothing. I was so pleased to see Raisa there too. The girls were both really upset, understandably, so having their mum there was so good for them both. I think everyone was crying by the time little Faddei went up with his best friend Christopher as they held up pictures of Faddai’s family and his home back in Romania. The final photo, which the Head Teacher put on the screen, was heartbreaking. It showed Faddai’s home now completely destroyed by bombs.”

Aware that Ellen, while still eating and drinking, was now swaying from side to side a bit in her chair wriggling as she spoke Daniel rubbed his foot up one of her legs as he reached out a hand to fondly rub her arm.

“It sounds lovely. What a nice thing for the school to do for them all.”

“It really was. I’m so glad I went but I tell you what that’s some walk back from there. Raisa definitely shouldn’t have let her girls walk that alone. With popping into the chemist that took me over half an hour. That was me walking quickly too as I really wanted back to get the Gaviscon to Mylana and meet you for lunch.”

“So how’s the soup then?”

“It’s lovely. I don’t think I can finish the tea though. I really must run to the loo too. I’ve been holding it in for what feels like forever!”

“At least finish your soup before you go. I’ve missed you so much you know.

*430*2024-04-16 14:08

{{On 4/14/2024 at 3:57 PM, Breepee said:

5/6 chapters a week? How will your bladder deal with that!?

}}

I find a full bladder very enjoyable lol

*431*2024-04-16 23:47

The emotional assembly

The voice on the other end asked who she was before buzzing the door open as Ellen pushed it and walked into a bright welcoming school reception. As a window slid open and an older lady requested she sign in she was just about to ask if there was a bathroom she could use when the office phone rang and the lady moved to answer it. Standing on her own she looked around at the notice board full of events and information until a voice made her turn around.

“Good morning. Welcome to Pirie Park Primary. I’m Mrs Leslie Gillies, the Head of this establishment. I assume you are here for our special assembly this morning? If you could follow me I will show you to the hall.”

Following the red haired enthusiast woman along a short corridor and through some double doors into a large assembly hall, with rows of chairs neatly lined up at the back facing a large stage, Ellen noticed a good number of parents and carers already seated quietly. Scanning the faces she instantly recognised Raisa and another mum Yannina. Sitting in the first available seat on the front row she crossed her ankles under the chair trying to ignore the odd prickles from her bladder reminding her she still needed a wee.

Within minutes some soft music Ellen recognised as Ukrainian filled the hall as class after class filed in and children dressed in grey pinafores and trousers with royal blue cardigans and jumpers sat cross legged on the floor. Trying to see if she could see any of the children she knew from the Adventurer II Ellen watched each class carefully only recognising Liliya and Larysa when they turned to wave frantically to their mum. The red haired lady who had welcomed her in now stood in front of the stage welcoming everyone as the soft music faded and the children sat silently staring ahead. After a brief word from the Head Ellen was thrilled to hear the hall filled with little voices singing what was obviously a well known and loved school song which she assumed must be sung at every assembly. This was followed by the Head once again taking the microphone before introducing a child Ellen instantly recognised from the ship.

Like all the children Fedeyka had joined the school 12 months ago knowing very little English. As the second oldest child still left on the ship he showed a maturity and resilience way above his age of just 11 as Ellen watched him confidently climb onto the stage and take the microphone. Accompanied by a member of staff playing guitar he sang a beautiful Ukrainian folk song which Ellen recognised from Ihor’s recent birthday party. Finding herself tapping her feet and clapping along like so many others in the room she was so caught up in the moment she felt a silent tear run down her cheek. It seemed like she wasn’t the only one as she turned to see Zlata, Fedeyka’s mum sitting at the back beside Myroslava dabbing her face with a tissue.

The assembly continued with the assistant head talking about how excited the school had been to be receiving the refugees and all the work both the pupils and staff had put in to support them. This was accompanied by photos on a screen showing the children learning, playing and doing sports. After that Ellen couldn’t stop even more tears as she watched Mykhaila get on stage with her best friend Katya as they did a wonderful but simple presentation together about their home country. 

She’d last seen Mykhaila the day she left the ship with her social worker and she wasn’t even sure if she was still at Pirie Primary so seeing her stand up and speak so clearly and proudly made her beam with joy. Recalling how she’d asked at the meeting she’d led with Daniel back on the ship when they were informing the residents of the plan to move if there would be windows in her new house Ellen reached into her handbag for tissues as she looked at pictures of Ukraine before the war and the young girls talked about such innocent things like going to the shops with their mums and going to dance classes.

That was swiftly followed by another member of staff thanking the girls, encouraging everyone to clap and then inviting Larysa and Liliya up on stage to show off their traditional Ukrainian clothing. Choked up already Ellen felt someone pat her on the shoulder and pass her more tissues, which were definitely needed, as the youngest Ukrainian child in the school, little Faddei, just 6 years old, climbed up the stage stairs holding a Scottish boy’s hand tightly.

Together they stood on the stage nervously as they held up cards with a teacher saying who they were. Wondering where all the people were now, close family members of the young child, Ellen blew her nose from all her tears as a photo of a block of flats was shown and the teacher’s voice explained how this was Faddai’s home before he moved to Scotland. Expecting the segment to now be over Ellen watched as the young Scottish boy openly hugged his best friend as another shocking photo was put up on screen of the same block of flats demolished and unrecognisable after being bombed.

Impressed at how understanding and empathic the Head teacher seemed after retaking the microphone and the boys returning to their classmates the assembly was drawn to a close by a brighter more upbeat song about thankfulness before all 6 of the Ukrainian children got back on the stage to wave goodbye. As the classes filed out Ellen cried silently as the twins ran off stage into their young mother’s arms and a tearful Mykhaila followed behind throwing her arms around her. Holding the girl tightly in her arms Ellen stroked her clean fresh hair as she asked her how she was. Turning around at a voice from behind her as the child let her go and moved to hug the woman who had just spoken Ellen guessed the friendly warm lady was Mykhaila's new foster mum. Introducing herself they chatted easily as the children were guided away back to class and the visitors were offered teas and coffees.

Picking up a small plastic cup of weak tea Ellen chatted to the lady hearing how Mykhaila was getting on and feeling so proud of how she was doing. Learning that she was moving schools to be beside her foster sister Ellen knew that this was probably for the best as she shared how she hoped to visit Mrs Kravchenco later that evening. Shaking hands with the woman, who Ellen only later realised she hadn’t even asked her name, she placed her empty plastic cup in the bin and followed the other parents and carers back to the front door of the school. Signing out Ellen remembered her promise to Mylana as she walked briskly through the side streets and up to Govan Road before nipping into a small chemists to buy some heartburn medicine. Crossing her legs as she waited for the bottle to be rung up on the till Ellen regretted the fact she hadn’t found a toilet in the school before leaving.

Putting the paper pharmacy bag into her hand bag she walked as quickly as she could back to the port desperate to get back and finally use the loo. Calling Daniel as she got closer she was looking forward to seeing him again as she thought of all she needed to get done before they left the ship later that day. Walking through the car park she felt the bottle in her bag and decided she’d very quickly drop it into the Abrahamovsky’s cabin as soon as she was on board then have a quick wee before meeting Daniel. Signing in as quickly as she could she made her way urgently to the first floor only to find neither Yakiv or Mylana in. Heading back down stairs she noticed the time on a wall clock and panicked about meeting Daniel. Diverting to the canteen just so she could tell him she was just going to use the ladies she had the bag of medicine still in her hand when she saw him in the usual place waiting for her smiling.

Explaining how she really needed to find Mylana she was thrilled when Daniel pointed to her in the queue as she raced over to her, handing her the medicine and explaining how to take it as the smell of the food made her stomach rumble. Forgetting she was actually bursting for the loo she picked up a tray and poured herself out a plate of soup and a fresh mug of tea as she carried the tray over towards Daniel, only then realising that she really should have went to the toilet first. Chatting away to her boyfriend while eating the pressure increased in her body continually as Ellen wriggled and squirmed trying not to make it too obvious how desperate she really was. Sharing all about the assembly Ellen loved being with Daniel again so much as she ate the delicious soup and sipped at her tea.

Now finding herself so uncomfortable and fidgety as her body needed to keep moving just to prevent herself leaking Ellen made the difficult decision to leave what was left of her lunch in favour of getting to the ladies before she had an accident. Pushing her tray forward she stood up awkwardly as she tensed her muscles and sucked in air.

“Sorry Daniel. I really must run to the loo. I’ve been holding it in all through the assembly and the whole walk back. I feel like I’ve been bursting for forever!”

“At least finish your soup before you go. I’ve missed you so much you know.”

Looking down at her soup Ellen bit her lip. It really was lovely and she so wanted to finish it. If she went for a pee it was bound to be cold when she returned and she’d no doubt feel hungry later. Against her better judgment she sighed and sat back down.

“You’re right Daniel. It’s far too good to waste. I’m sure I can hold on just a few more minutes.”

*432*2024-04-18 00:10

Daniel gets turned on by Ellen’s actions

Delighted but amazed to see Ellen sit back down and pull the tray towards her again Daniel beamed. She really was the sexiest woman he’d ever met and just knowing how desperate she was to pee and how long she’d been holding drove him crazy. Watching her avidly he could see the tension in her body and her face as she spooned a mouthful of soup into her mouth.

“I’ll really miss this you know.”

“The soup or me?”

“Both really, but especially you.”

“Are you forgetting I live in your house just now Daniel?”

“I know but nothing beats seeing you all day at work, hearing your voice, watching you….eat.”

On the verge of saying something more Daniel paused as quite unexpectedly he noticed Celine approaching them looking harassed. Holding her phone out in front of her she rushed up to their table as soon as she spotted them as Daniel looked over at Ellen knowing how badly she wanted to leave to visit the ladies. Now with Celine blocking her getting up she had no choice but to wait even longer.

“Oh I am so glad to find you both! Have you seen the email from Glasgow city council sent to us all? As of 9am tomorrow only Glasgow city council employees will be allowed on this ship. All us other charity workers and even the social security staff must be off the ship with all our belongings sharp at 9am. Ive got so much work stuff in here. How on earth am I meant to sort it all out and pack it all to be out of here that early? The coaches are only just leaving then for God’s sake!”

Having not personally read the email yet, but assuming it to be true after his earlier conversation with his boss, Daniel nodded.

“Nothing surprises me any more you know Celine. They clearly can’t get rid of the refugees quick enough. It’s not like this ship is even going anywhere in a hurry. It’s not even leaving port until Friday morning. Actually I’m glad you are here too. My boss called me this morning. He wants me to have an in person meeting with him tomorrow afternoon in the office about my return to office duties. That means I can’t obviously go with the group on the coaches to Dundee. I haven’t asked anyone else yet but I was wondering if either of you wanted to go over with them all as a sort of hand over type thing? I could ask the coach company if they’d mind bringing you back as they are based in Glasgow but I’m not sure if the coaches are actually coming back here or going onto another job. If you are ok to come back by public transport then you are welcome to go. There’s plenty of seats in the coach available.”

“Normally Daniel I’d love to but I need to load my car with all my stuff here and there’s no buses from the train station to here. I can’t be late back for my son either. He’s been away for a few days and I promised him I’d pick him up from school this week. I’ve been working extra hours to make up the time. From next week I’m going to be working a bit further out in the refugee survival trust community emergency housing flats so he’s going to have to unfortunately go back to his after school club. I hope you don’t mind?”

“That’s no problem at all Celine. We’re almost finished here so if you need any help loading your car with stuff just come and find me.”

“Thanks Daniel. You ok Ellen? You’re not normally this quiet?”

“She’s had an emotional morning at the school assembly and feeling a bit tender just now.”

“Oh of course. Right I’d better go find where all my stuff is. See you both in a bit.”

Watching Celine walk away out the corner of his eye Daniel’s attention turned back to Ellen who had her legs open under the table and her body leaning forward against the table.

“I’m going to wet myself! I can’t hold this any longer!”

Checking around quickly to make sure no-one else was around Daniel could feel his body sweating, his voice going hoarse and his hard penis throbbing against his trousers. Thinking quickly and impulsively he picked up his empty coffee mug with shaky hands as he pushed it towards Ellen. Leaning forward himself so no-one else could hear he spoke quietly and sincerely.

“What about using this?”

“You mean right here? Oh God I think I’ve left it too late!”

Watching wide eyed and longing to stroke himself Daniel gasped as Ellen slid back and forth on the seat leaning forwards rubbing her crotch against the hard seat. From where he was sitting it looked and sounded like she was pleasuring herself against the wooden seat in a busy canteen on a cruise ship in the middle of the day! Worried she was genuinely about to make a huge puddle under the table and drench her clothing just like she’d did once before in a busy indoor shopping centre in Dundee the day they first went to see the tower block he instinctively stood up to offer her some privacy as he placed a hand on her shoulder to console her.

“Try the mug honey.”

Keeping an anxious look out Daniel looked back frequently to look at Ellen who was now fidgeting on the seat half sitting half standing as she appeared to be pulling her leggings and pants down a bit. Turning back to double check no-one was looking he peeked back to see her a little more upright as she quickly grabbed the mug and pushed it between her legs. Instantly hearing it filling he could barely breathe as he felt blood whooshing to his penis and his body shaking. Half expecting to erupt in his own underwear every second felt like it was passing in slow motion as the noise of Ellen peeing in the coffee mug etched in his brain. Avidly checking all around them again he heard the mug being placed on the table and Ellen shuffling around as he turned back to see her pulling her clothes back up shakily.

“Has that helped?”

“A bit but it was sheer torture having to stop. I need to run! The rest is wanting out right now!”

Stepping back to let Ellen out Daniel covered his crotch with his hands to hide his huge erection as he gazed adoringly at Ellen as she raced through the canteen towards the reception area and the toilets by the main lifts. Hoping she made it on time he turned back to see the mug full of warm pee sitting on the table. Looking at the chair Ellen had just vacated he noticed droplets of urine twinkling in the light as he cupped his hands around the mug feeling how warm it felt against the palm of his hands. How he yearned to sneak into one of the cabins to masturbate! Hornier than he could ever remember his heart was beating fast still as he loaded the plates and mugs onto one tray and placed the other underneath. Carefully carrying them over to the appropriate area, being extra careful not to spill any urine, he slid the tray into a slot and walked towards the reception as if nothing had happened out of the ordinary.

Walking much slower than normal he suddenly felt he might look suspicious so he pulled his phone out of his pocket and scrolled through his photos as if he was looking for something. Hovering around waiting for Ellen to reappear he was struggling to calm his hormones and body down still as he imagined Ellen’s damp knickers and possible wet leggings if she hadn’t quite made it on time. His face warm and his cheeks flushed he was so excited to finally see Ellen walking towards him as he smiled at her anxiously.

“Everything ok?”

“Just! What did you do with the…”

“I just put it with the other dirty dishes.”

“Oh.”

“I wasn’t sure what else to do really.”

“Fair point. Listen I’ve been thinking. I’d really like to go tomorrow if you’re ok with that?”

“Of course. I expected you might. I’ll ask around and see if anyone else wants to go too. I’m glad you’re ok Ellen. I didn’t mean to…you know.”

“It’s fine. It wasn’t until Celine came over that I knew I was in trouble. I’ll tell you more later if you’d like? I was hoping to catch up with Varya and see if they need any help packing now she’s on crutches. I’d also like to find out how she fell and if she’ll be ok on the coach tomorrow. I’ll catch you around?”

“Ok. Bye.”

Watching Ellen walk away Daniel was half tempted to chase after her, push her into the first cabin they passed and fuck her deeply, but instead he simply pined after her like an infatuated teenager. Looking down at his phone again he slid it into his pocket with a sigh then turned around, practically walking into a colleague, Jessica Hinges from Refuweegee, a local Glasgow charity who had been on the ship since before he arrived.

“So sorry Jessica. My mind was elsewhere there. I’m too busy trying to see if anyone is free to travel with the group tomorrow to Dundee to support them as a handover. So far I’ve only managed to find one person. You don’t happen to know anyone who’d like to help do you?”

“I’d be happy to go if you’d like?”

“That would be amazing if you would. The only thing is you’d probably have to make your own arrangements to travel back if that ok? I can see about refunding you the tickets though.”

“That’s fine. Dundee isn’t that far away.”

“That’s exactly what I’ve been saying from the start! Cheers Jessica! The coaches leave sharp at 9am. Thanks again!”

*433*2024-04-20 00:05

A mug to the rescue

Sitting awkwardly with her muscles tense Ellen pulled the tray closer and resumed eating her soup. It was still hot, though her focus was much more on keeping her bladder at bay than anything she was tasting. As Daniel looked at her lustfully saying how much he would miss seeing her at work Ellen slid a hand down between her legs as she hurried to finish her soup so she could rush off to the ladies. Leaning forward to get the last spoonful in her mouth she heard Celine’s voice and looked up awkwardly.

Thankful she was talking to Daniel and not her Ellen wriggled on her seat sweating at the thought of Celine seeing her as she twisted her body to the side and looked away from her. Pressing her hand against her crotch under her top she prayed silently that Celine would leave as her and Daniel chatted on and on about things she could only vaguely process as her mind spun with terrifying thoughts about the fact she was so close to wetting herself. Taking conscious deep breaths, and tensing every muscle in her abdomen she could, she pushed her body so close to the edge of the seat trying to find something hard to push against in the vain hope it might help. Hearing her own heart beating faster and faster she felt tears nipping at the side of her eyes as she pounded her feet up and down quietly but frantically under the table.

What was taking them so long? Turning back to see them she cursed in her mind as she wriggled and squirmed and squeezed and pressed her hand tightly into her crotch. Beginning to wonder if she’d ever even make it to the toilet on time now she knew her face was red as she clenched her teeth and stared at Daniel trying desperately to get his attention. He knew she was wanting out for the toilet yet he seemed to be taking his sweet time chatting like he didn’t have a care in the world!

Sensing Celine might be about to turn around and look at her she broadened her legs, leaned forward, and tried her utmost to disguise the hand that was wedged tightly under her top against her legs. As she watched Celine turn she quickly looked at her mug and stretched her free hand out towards it as if about to pick it up to drink. Hoping this might throw her friend off the scent that she was seconds away from peeing all over the floor she heard Daniel come to her defence quickly saying something about her having had an emotional morning as Celine nodded and left.

With the intensity and length of the spasms increasing by the second as soon as Celine’s back was turned Ellen almost collapsed onto the table as she pushed the tray forwards to give her room. With her hands either side of the table gripping it hard she spread her legs and began pressing down onto the hard chair, and losing any semblance of self control, she rocked firmly forwards and backwards trying to stem off the pressure and powerful urges. With her vaginal lips swollen from all the rubbing and pressing and her hormones surging with the rocking and squirming Ellen knew that there was a very real possibility she might eventually orgasm, through being so utterly desperate to pee but she was also aware that her urethra was exhausted and throbbing and in very real danger of giving up causing her to burst everywhere.

Her wet eyes looking directly at Daniel beseeched him to somehow help Ellen winced and moaned.

“I’m going to wet myself! I can’t hold this any longer!”

As Daniel sat down facing her again his eyes told a million stories. It didn’t take a genius to see that he was very clearly aroused by her predicament, but equally he seemed compassionate and concerned too. Pushing his empty mug towards her Ellen stared at his moist kissable lips as he formed them softly to make words. With his eyes glowing and his cheeks warm she locked her gaze with his as he quietly pushed the mug nearer her until it was right by her arm.

“What about using this?”

Rocking harder and faster as her bladder pleaded with her demanding release Ellen gasped. Feeling her whole body shaking she felt dribbles seeping into her warm damp pants as she pushed her hand harder, rubbing herself frantically even as slid forwards and backwards. Weepy and ashamed she looked back up at Daniel who was staring at her smiling.

“I think I’ve left it too late.”

“Use the mug.”

Realising she really had no other choice now she bounced her legs up and down frantically before edging her bottom off the seat just enough to pull her leggings and pants down, already feeling dribbles dripping onto the chair. Thrusting the mug between her legs urgently just in time to catch the first major trickle and spurt she clenched her teeth to try and control the flow very aware that the mug wouldn’t hold nearly a fraction of the contents of her bladder. 

It wasn’t hard at all to let some out as her body pushed uncontrollably despite her squeezing her muscles as hard as she could. Hearing the noise of the liquid foaming in the mug Ellen was convinced the noise was echoing all around the entire canteen as she felt so exposed and mortified at her actions. Forced to guess when the mug might be full she closed her eyes and pulled the almost overfull container out from between her legs as dribbles continued to leak out of her still. Placing the mug on the table the tingling between her legs was almost unbearable, yet equally very arousing and erotic, as she hurriedly pulled up her pants and leggings, brushed her top down and pushed her way out of the seat.

Forcing her way past Daniel, who she hadn’t even realised was stood up guarding her, she heard him ask if the mug had helped as she turned to reply.

“I need to run! The rest is wanting out right NOW!”

She wasn’t exaggerating either as every step seemed to cause another dribble to escape into her pants as she raced unceremoniously right through the busy canteen, obvious to everyone around her as her eyes focused solely on the toilets by the entrance right by the lifts. Seeing the door get ever nearer and larger she held her breath as she took strides towards it, aware that any second the dribbles would give way to a torrent and flood. Pushing the door open so hard it slammed against the wall behind it Ellen took short sharp breaths.

“Let me wee! Let me wee! Let me weeeeee.”

Pushing open the first cubicle she turned immediately, pulling her leggings and pants down in one smooth hurried motion, as urine shot out of her even before her bottom even bent fully or sat down as she let out a huge sigh of relief. Allowing her bum to rest on the pan she relaxed as pee poured out of her exhausted body so quickly it made her feel slightly nauseous. A little light headed she looked down at her very damp knickers inspecting her legging for any accidents as her urine splashed loudly into the pan.

“Oh thank God! It feels SO good to let that out at last!”

Aware that her pants were particularly damp and that the crotch of her leggings were patchy with wetness too she stood up again, giving her body a little shake to get any final drops out, wiped herself, flushed the loo then pulled up her clothing and pulled down her top. As always her top was longer and covered everything well so she was confident no-one would know as she washed her hands and dried them under the dryer. Looking in the mirror she chuckled at the thought of the mug as she tried recalling her earlier conversations with Daniel. Had she heard him ask Celine’s if she’d wanted to go to Dundee with the final group? She was sure she had as the thought of her going thrilled and excited her. Keen to make sure Daniel knew that she was glad to see him as she walked out the ladies feeling so much lighter than she had going in.

“Everything ok?”

“Just!”

Checking no one was nearby Ellen leaned closer to her boyfriend.

“What did you do with the mug?”

Nodding as he told her where he’d put it Ellen felt her full face flush again. Hopefully no-one would ever know what was inside it or that she put it there. Keen to change the subject quickly she smiled sweetly at Daniel.

“Did I hear you ask Celine about going to Dundee tomorrow? Any chance I could go? You know I’d never want to miss that for anything?”

Placing an arm around her Ellen knew already she’d be going as Daniel quietly appeared to apologise for holding her back earlier.

“It’s fine. Though I really wasn’t sure I’d make it. I can tell you more later at home if you’d like?”

Knowing Daniel would definitely agree to that she excused herself to get on with work as she walked towards Oleksandr and Varya’s cabin, taking a second to look back at Daniel and smile.

*434*2024-04-21 23:52

Daniel gets emotional on the last day

Walking away from Jessica with his mind still firmly on Ellen Daniel was just walking past reception again when he spotted Yeva, a small slight girl working for the Red Cross who he’d seen around the ship loads. Approaching her casually he said hi, hoping to perhaps persuade her to be the final volunteer on the coaches the following day. She wasn’t a native Scot, though Daniel couldn’t quite place her accent exactly, and she was a naturally quiet and shy person. At first she seemed cautious, mentioning she was hoping for a day off to herself, but hearing that Jessica and Ellen were already going she nodded and agreed to go. Shaking her hand Daniel felt pleased with himself as he couldn’t wait to tell Ellen what he’d achieved.

Thanking Yeva and explaining carefully when the coaches were leaving and that they probably wouldn’t be able to bring her back he returned to his desk to update the coach lists and finish some other business. Immersing himself in work he never even noticed the time again until around half past two when he realised he’d been moving around in his seat more than usual. Concluding that he needed to pee he shook his head at the inconvenience of it and immediately returned to the work that all required to be in order by the end of the day.

Soon afterwards, aware that the noise level was increasing around him, he looked up from his laptop to see crowds gathering in the foyer, including children who were clearly back from school. Oblivious to what was going on he attempted to reply to an urgent email when he could no longer think over the noise of music. Pushing the laptop closed he stood up and walked over to the crowd to see what was going on. 

Gathered around the oldest two residents on the ship, Mr Kostyantyn Antonova and his elderly wife Kseniya, was a curious crowd made up mostly of the Ukrainian residents as Daniel sought to find the source of the music. Finally seeing another refugee holding a speaker attached to his phone he watched over the crowd as the elderly couple held hands and faced each other before lightly dancing and swaying to the music. Fascinated by what he was watching he was transfixed as one after the other of residents joined in, including many of the children, all obviously very familiar with the music.

Stepping from foot to food himself, more due to his need to pee than any compulsion to dance, Daniel looked around for any sign of Ellen, knowing she’d be gutted to have missed such a spontaneous moment on the last ever day on the cruise ship. Seeing her coming down a corridor supporting Varya on her crutches, with her husband Oleksandr and their young son the other side, their eyes met as he felt such a rush of emotions towards the woman he’d worked beside so closely for the last 12 months. With their eyes still fixed on each other Daniel remained where he was swaying lightly to the music and bobbing from foot to foot as Ellen left the young family and walked right up to him.

“Care to dance with me Daniel?”

“I’m afraid I’m not very good at dancing.”

“Really? You seem to be moving around fine to me. Not that I mind anyway. As long as we’re together that’s all I want.”

Leaning down to kiss her passionately Daniel forgot all about emails, deadlines, the stress of the morning departure, and even his growing need to pee, as he held Ellen tight in his arms as they swayed from side to side in time to the music staring into each others eyes lost in the moment completely.

Only when the music finally came to an end did Daniel look away from Ellen to see everyone now circled around them smiling and clapping and cheering. With the attention of everyone on them Daniel felt obliged to say something as he kept his arm around Ellen and looked down at her winking.

“Thank you everyone. As I am sure you all know tomorrow is the day we have been working towards for months now. While it may have been myself standing in the theatre in here announcing the news of Tulloch Court I am in no way the hero here. Full credit for all that has been achieved goes exclusively to Ellen here, who has tirelessly and determinedly been here every single day to ensure every one of you had everything you needed and more besides. The dedication she has put into this project has been beyond anything I have ever seen in my entire career and without her none of what has been achieved would have been possible. She knows every single one of you by name and cares so much about you all. From the youngest resident little Ihor here, to our most senior residents currently, the amazing Mr and Mrs Antonova, she has nagged me relentlessly to find you all the most suitable permanent homes available.

I doubt any of you know this but less than a week ago this incredible lady found herself homeless herself too due to a tragic house fire in the block of flats where she lived. Despite this she refused any time off, instead fighting even harder on behalf of you all to make sure your new flats have everything you all need for your arrival tomorrow.”

Taking a moment to pause and look down at Ellen, his own eyes stinging with tears, he met her eyes and choked up.

“A round of applause please for Ellen Hemmingdale.”

Looking around at everyone cheering, including everyone from the various charities and government departments who had worked closely with her, Daniel felt so humbled and emotional. Spotting Celine he waved her over too.

“May I also make a special thank you to Celine here too who has done truly amazing things for you all behind the scenes. When you all sleep tomorrow night in your new homes the bed you will sleep on will almost certainly have been sourced, delivered or built by this wonderful lady and her team of volunteers. The same with any sofa you sit on too. Not to mention all the little extras like curtains, bedding, extra clothing, toys and games, and even electrical equipment she gathered together and took over to Dundee herself just to make sure you all had things for your new homes. In fact a huge thank you goes to every single charity worker, volunteer and government worker who has played their part in welcoming and supporting you all during the last year here in Glasgow. I am sure I speak of behalf of us all when I say we will miss you all. Good luck in your new homes tomorrow everyone!”

Nodding to the person with the speaker Daniel smiled and wiped his cheeks as the music started once again and people danced, cheered and celebrated together, united in their language, culture and celebration as he smiled and winked at Ellen then held her tightly in his arms again.

“These people are very special aren’t they? Not quite as special as you though. I love you so much Ellen Hemmingdale. I guess we should be heading home though soon so we can get to the hospital later to visit Mrs Kravchenco.”

“I guess we should. I have a coach to be catching sharp at 9am in the morning you know. Don’t worry though. I’m only going to Dundee. It’s not that far away really.”

“Let’s go get our things then shall we.”

“Great idea. Oh and Daniel, I had a call this afternoon from Dundee city council. I’m not quite sure what’s happened for them to change their minds as the job advert isn’t even due to end for another two weeks yet, but they’ve offered me the job of caretaker on the condition I undergo training next week. I told them I’d let them know by the end of today.”

“You didn’t say yes straight away? What?”

“I wanted to check with you first, didn’t I? After all we’re a couple now aren’t we? I love you Daniel. Of course I want the job but I don’t want to leave you either.”

Taking Ellen’s hand as they walked towards his work area to gather his things Daniel bounced on his feet as he packed away his laptop and belongings.

“I’m so proud of you Ellen. You have to take it. It’s your dream job. Besides Dundee isn’t that far away. I can come visit loads.”

Walking to reception to sign out officially for the last time Daniel was keen to get home to use the bathroom as he waited on Ellen signing out and saying her goodbyes to the girls at reception. Tapping his foot anxiously behind him he looked at Ellen’s back feeling very overcome with pride and joy. This wonderful woman, his wonderful woman, was about to get her own flat again having lost everything just the week before.

If only it wasn’t in Dundee.

*435*2024-04-23 22:58

Ellen gets emotional on her last day

Knocking on the door of the Narvarykasha’s cabin Ellen waited for them to answer. Hearing voices she smiled at Oleksandr as the door opened to welcome her. Immediately seeing Varya sitting in the end of the bed holding her crutches she closed her eyes for a second to recall the Ukrainian for sorry.

“Vybachte?”

Varya smiled back, obviously understanding Ellen even if she did pronounce the word a little off.

“Ya dobre.”

Pretty sure the young lady was confirming she was fine Ellen turned to her husband who she knew understood more English.

“What happened?”

Listening closely as the young man described in broken English and using hand gestures how they had gone to get an early dinner with their toddler son when a seat was left out in the canteen. With his wife already unsteady on her feet due to her cerebral palsy it hadn’t taken much for her to fall over twisting her ankle, as Oleksandr used his fingers to demonstrate how they’d been kept waiting over 4 hours just to have an X-ray and then have it confirmed that it was just a bad sprain. Nodding as he spoke Ellen couldn’t help but wonder at the terrible logic of issuing someone with a movement and coordination condition a pair of crutches, but since she wasn’t a nurse she just looked at Varya and nodded.

They had clearly been busy packing up too with a suitcase half pulled out from under the bed and the shelf by the TV cleared of all their personal belongings. Worrying how the family would manage the move the next morning Ellen used a natural pause in the conversation to ask about their son and how they both were too.

“Bakai sad. He just go nursery and now stop. He like toys and friends so much.”

“It’s a huge move isn’t it? Your flat in Dundee is on the first floor but there are lifts and the flat is all on one level.”

Using her hands to help explain Ellen told the couple how they would be next door to Tetyana and Dmitro and their new baby and on the same floor as the Antonova’s, a pensioner couple living on the ship with them. Oleksandr nodded at his wife then turned to face Ellen again.

“Kostyantyn, he sad like Bakai. He wanted fight in war. They say he too old. He say no but they sent him away.”

Very aware of the elderly couple’s story already Ellen really understood the older man’s frustration Despite being in his late seventies he still saw himself as someone young and fit and he’d arrived angry, bitter and very determined that he’d return to his home country to fight against Russia, and more specifically Putin. Heath checks on the ship had revealed his eyes had cataracts, his hearing was poor and he had arthritis in his hips, but he still avidly followed the war, commenting frequently to Ellen and anyone else who would listen what he felt Zelenskyy should do. Nodding again to Oleksandr Ellen was surprised by what he said next.

“I wanted fight too. Ukraine needs us. They said no too. I need help wife. I care for her. Little child too. They make us go too. We tried family but people no want dytyachyy tserebralʹnyy paralich.”

Ellen wasn’t sure what the Ukrainian words were but the way Oleksandr stood up and walked over to his wife, taking her hand, she guessed he was referring to her cerebral palsy. Shaking her head in solidarity she struggled to think of anything to say so changed the subject to something more cheerful

“I wanted to visit you both to see if you needed any help tomorrow to get on the coach. I’m coming along too and I can happily help you if you’d like?”

Giving Oleksandr time to translate her question to his wife Ellen waited for an answer.

“Tak, bud laska. Yes please Ellen.”

Interrupted by her mobile ringing Ellen pulled it out her pocked seeing a Dundee number. Putting a hand up to apologise to the young couple she answered the call professionally recognising the voice from the week before. Wondering what Julian Warwickshire wanted with her now she was shocked to hear him talking about the caretaker’s position she’d been interviewed for just 4 days before. Expecting to hear she’d been unsuccessful she had to hold onto the wall in shock when he instead offered her the job on the condition she could get to Dundee for training the following week. 

Opening her mouth to say yes Ellen immediately thought about Daniel. Suddenly terrified of losing him and all they had together she knew she couldn’t make a hasty decision. Remaining calm and professional she thanked Julian then confirmed, while wiping a tear from her cheek, that she’d let him know by the end of the day. Relieved to end the call Ellen apologised again to Oleksandr and Varya as her head spun with the news.

About to leave the cabin Ellen had to stand back as the door suddenly burst open and an excited Bakai ran in straight to his parents with a toy figure in his hand. Right behind him stood Inna with her toddler son Ihor. The boys were great friends so it was not unusual to find them playing together as Ellen assumed Inna had perhaps been helping them out while Varya recovered. Feeling the tiny cabin was now very crowded, and eager to speak to Daniel about her news, she excused herself to leave just as Oleksandr turned to his wife and suggested they head to the canteen for food. Watching Oleksandr grab the hand of his excitable son Ellen immediately moved to help Varya down from the bed as Inna offered to take Bakai so Oleksandr could help his wife too.

Leaving Inna to lead the way Ellen supported Varya one side while her husband helped her the other as she struggled on her crutches down the corridor towards the canteen. Hearing music coming from the same direction Ellen was curious what was going on as they slowly made their way along as she strained to see ahead. Bakai, clearly a little unnerved at the noise too, ran back beside his father as they started to see a crowd gathered as the music got louder. Recognising the tune from Ihor’s birthday and other celebrations on the ship Ellen felt her eyes starting to water at the thought of never hearing music again on the ship or coming to any more parties or seeing the refugees sing and dance together.

Looking around the crowd for any sign of Daniel her entire face lit up as she noticed him and their eyes met. With signing and dancing all around them Ellen felt a draw unlike anything else she’d experienced before as she carefully let go of Varya and walked towards Daniel, not daring to take her eyes off of his. Seeing him sway and step to the music Ellen felt a flood of emotion bubble inside her as she finally got close enough to reach her hands out and touch him. Taking his hands in hers as he continued to step and sway Ellen looked deep into his eyes as she spoke.

“Care to dance with me Daniel?”

“I’m afraid I’m not very good at dancing.”

“Really? You seem to be moving around fine to me. Not that I mind anyway. As long as we’re together that’s all I want.”

As they kissed publicly and affectionately Ellen knew she no longer cared what anyone else thought anymore. Giving herself entirely to Daniel she reciprocated the kiss before they resumed staring into each others eyes as they swayed and danced to the music wrapped in each others arms. Forgetting entirely where she was it was only when Daniel stopped dancing and she realised the music had faded that she turned to see everyone circled around them as she wondered how long everyone had been watching them.

The clapping and cheering which followed made her choke with emotion but then Daniel spoke, still holding her close to him in his arms, as the whole ship fell silent and listened. Hearing him talk so confidently and proudly Ellen felt such a huge love and respect for him when suddenly he turned to look at her and proceeded to make a big speech about her in front of everyone! Looking around at all the faces of the people she had worked with so closely and all the incredible refugees Ellen cried openly as Daniel finally remembered some of their names and then went on to thank Celine for all her work too. As the cheering and whooping and clapping resumed Ellen felt so loved and appreciated for the first time in her life.

With the music now playing again loudly and an atmosphere of celebration and joy Ellen couldn’t stop staring up at Daniel as he winked at her then held her tightly in his arms. How could she even have thought about leaving him? How had she ever doubted her feelings for him?

As he leaned down to talk to her over the noise to suggest they pack up to leave she nodded, deeply touched that he’d remembered their plans to visit Diana after dinner. Holding his hand tightly as they moved over to the work stations Ellen waited as Daniel packed away his things as she picked her own bag up and put it on her shoulder. Amazed to see Daniel still moving to the music as he packed away she told him about the phone call from Dundee as they walked towards reception to sign out for the very last time.

Listening to him encourage her to take the job she couldn’t help but feel thrilled at his answer, though she really really didn’t want to leave him either. Blurting out that she loved him and that Dundee wasn’t that far away they laughed at the irony of how their thinking had both changed. Stopping to hug the girl at reception who had become a mainstay in her life for a year now Ellen was hesitant to step off the ship onto the gantry knowing the next time she would be there she’d be stepping onto a coach with all the refugees to head to their new homes.

Leaving the receptionist she turned to see Daniel looking nervous and a little flustered as she wondered if he really did want her leaving to work so far away after all. Stepping towards him they walked down the gantry hand in hand until they got into Daniel’s Audi and headed for home.

*436*2024-04-25 00:13

Daniel is desperate is more ways than one!

Reaching out to take Ellen’s hand they walked down the gantry together towards Daniel’s car. Graciously opening the door for Ellen Daniel then climbed in himself, having to jiggle around a bit to try and get comfortable before he felt ready to drive. Ellen seemed happy enough to sit quietly so Daniel put all his concentration into holding his very full bladder at bay as he tapped his left leg under the steering wheel hoping Ellen wouldn’t notice.

The ten minute journey seemed to be taking almost three times that as every light was against him and every junction busy. Roadworks on the motorway diverting traffic into the normally quieter A roads meant the traffic was building up quickly and moving even slower. Checking Ellen wasn’t looking Daniel slipped his hand off the gear stick to between his legs as he drew in breath subconsciously and sighed.

“The traffic is bad tonight isn’t it. I really hope this clears for us going to the hospital tonight. We’d have been quicker walking at this rate.”

Smiling nervously back at Ellen Daniel felt his forehead sweating as he pulled his back forward to stem another wave of pressure from his bladder. He couldn’t recall actually not needing to pee now as he felt he’d been holding so long, but with no other option but to wait he looked ahead again as the car in front edged forwards.

“This is crazy. It’s not even rush hour yet either.”

“I never thought I’d say this Daniel but for once having meals from your mum in the feeezer might actually be a blessing. I’d never have had time to cook tonight the way this is going.”

Having to wriggle about to prevent a leak Daniel realised he may as well admit his predicament given they weren’t going to get back to his for a while yet.

“It’s not just food I’m desperate to get home for. I actually really need the bathroom.”

Feeling Ellen’s sympathetic and reassuring arm on his thigh Daniel looked at her blushing.

“I’m sure we’ll get back soon honey.”

“I really hope so. I didn’t go the entire day on the ship today.”

Loving how Ellen allowed her hand to move ever closer to his crotch Daniel squirmed on the seat as the traffic stopped yet again.

“This reminds me of how we ended up getting together. Do you remember me needing to go in the MacDonald’s car park at Broxden services the day we first went to see the tower block”

“I do indeed. Though I remember even before that when I called you to apologise after the big meeting. Hearing you say to me on the phone that you needed to go because you had to wee made me weak at the knees and hard in the crotch! The fact I fancied you like crazy already only heightened that enormously. I was so turned on just hearing your voice anyway and talking to you privately for once, but then when you didn’t hang up and I got to hear you peeing. God that was a gift from Allah that was! I think my thoughts that night broke every single pillar of Islam in one night! I think that was the first time I’d ever cum thinking of you having to pee so bad but one thing I can say is that it’s still the single most hottest thing ever. Oh we’re moving at last! Thank you Allah! Come, on keep moving. I really need the toilet!”

“You know I feel the same about you Daniel don’t you? That same night when you confessed on the phone to me why you’d left that meeting turned me on so badly. Seeing you like this, touching you when I know you really need to go, hearing you say how desperate you are…it makes me gagging to fuck you! Are you ok if I touch you? It won’t distract you too much from driving?”

“I’m turning off just here anyway. Hopefully now we’re heading away from the diversion things should ease. Touch me anywhere you like. In fact I’d love it if you’d squeeze me right now. I feel like I’m going to burst any minute!”

Shaking with the touch of Ellen firm hand on his penis through his trousers Daniel bounced on his seat as the traffic moved and he finally headed away from the jam. Driving along Berryknowes Road he knew he was almost home as his bladder decided that was its cue to leak a little into his boxers. Guessing Ellen had felt it as he’d yelled and gasped he whimpered as he struggled to turn the car into Wedderlea Drive then left again into Hillington Gardens.

“Oh God I’m not sure I’m going to make it!”

“Don’t worry. I’ve got an idea.”

Barely able to concentrate now Daniel manoeuvred the car down the side of his house as he arched his back forwards pulling his bottom off the seat.

“I need to piss baby! I need to piss NOW!”

Clambering out the car Daniel grabbed himself awkwardly as he hobbled towards his back door with Ellen close beside him. Dancing around tearfully pinching himself hard he completely forgot that the door would be locked as he felt Ellen pulling him away from the house.

“Shhh. It’ll all be fine Daniel. You’ll see.”

Staring back at the house in horror Daniel felt another leak in his damp underwear as Ellen pulled him down the side of the garage in the evening light. Turning him to face a bush that formed a dividing hedge between his and the neighbour’s garden he felt Ellen’s hand on his arm.

“You told me it was secluded didn’t you? So can I hold you?”

Tensing his full body Daniel undid his jeans before he soaked them as he pushed his hands down inside his boxers to grab his dick and squeeze it hard.

“I can’t promise I won’t piss on you!”

“I wouldn’t mind that even if you did.”

Loosening his grip of himself just enough to let Ellen get to him he immediately felt warm pee dripping out as he gasped at the pressure to go. Ellen was quick thankfully as she whipped him out speedily as he leaked urine out slowly even as she aimed him towards the bush. At first it was just a short spurt that would come out despite how urgent his need was. The distraction of a gorgeous girl holding him was almost too much but rubbing his bladder Daniel knew that there was at least a litre, if not more, inside him dying to get out. Taking a breath in and relaxing despite being outside in the open he felt his urethra filling quickly as urine surged down his penis and out the tip.

The feeling of urinating with the cool breeze blowing over his exposed penis, combined with the warmth and comfort of Ellen holding him, was utterly sublime as Daniel determined in his mind to savour every single second. This had to be one of the hottest ways he’d ever emptied his bladder ever as he imagined coming out to the very same spot sometime with a very bursting Ellen and getting to see her pee outside too. That was all it took to cause his pissing penis to grow and enlarge quickly in Ellen’s hand as she gently shook the final drops out then turned to kiss him. Happily kissing her back, hungrily and eagerly, he felt his throbbing penis aching for more as he took Ellen by the hand and pulled her to the house with his penis still exposed and his trousers still open.

Unlocking the door they practically fell in while still kissing as Daniel kicked the door closed behind him not wanting to let go of Ellen at all. Forgetting all about dinner he pulled Ellen’s coat off as he sucked at her neck and ears then pulled his own trousers and boxers off as Ellen undid his shirt and pulled the arms out his suit jacket. Each time their eyes met the fiery passion and desire screamed out of them both as they stripped each other quickly and brutally, tossing clothes all over the place carelessly in their hurry to make love.

Staggering under the arch together into the living room Daniel kissed Ellen deeply as he held her tightly in his arms. Everything about her was so perfect and sexy and beautiful as held her out in front of himself to gaze at her naked body adoringly.

“You are absolute perfection baby. So naturally beautiful and sexy. May I please make love to you Ellen before I burst with desire?”

“I’d love nothing more right now.”

Guiding Ellen to the couch Daniel explored every crevice and curve of her naked body as he lay over her kissing and licking her, giggling like a little boy at the pleasurable noises she made in return. Opening her legs and turning her around as he stood back up he moved right in between her legs as she pushed against him so wet and warm and willing. Guiding his hard long penis into her open and throbbing vagina he stepped even closer as he thrust in and out as he caressed Ellen’s large soft breasts and leaned down to suck her thick growing nipples. Pulling and twisting them in his mouth as he thrust harder and faster he felt Ellen’s body starting to shake and heat up as he pushed his body as close as possible and thrust harder until he felt his own body orgasm shortly followed by Ellen’s.

Gazing at her in post sexual bliss Daniel knew then and there that wherever Ellen moved to he would simply have to follow. How could he ever walk away from such a beautiful, intelligent, wonderful, sexy woman who he loved with all his heart? She was his everything now. The one who gave him a reason to get out of bed. The one who he thought about all day long. The one who he even dreamt about and woke up rock hard needing every day. Sitting beside her naked on the couch he reached for her hand and gave it a squeeze.

“I love you Ellen. You are the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”

“I love you so much too Daniel. I guess we’d better get some dinner now though or we’ll miss visiting hour altogether.”

“Shall I put the kettle on while it’s cooking?”

“That sounds amazing. Yes please!”

*437*2024-04-25 23:57

Ellen makes plans with Daniel

Lost in her own thoughts about all that had just happened on the ship, her impending visit to see Diana at the hospital, and excitement about hearing about the job, Ellen was happy to have a quiet time to think. Daniel was right beside her and having him there meant everything to her but as he was driving she left him to take them both back to his. The journey seemed to be taking longer than usual though and when she heard Daniel sighing in frustration she commented about the increased traffic concerned that it might make them late back to the hospital later.

Remembering how Daniel had came home from his mum’s on Saturday with a bag full of batch cooked meals Ellen was grateful for once that they were there as the thought of cooking stressed her as time went on. Looking over at Daniel now as they sat stationary at yet another traffic light Ellen couldn’t help but notice how stressed and uncomfortable he looked as he turned to look at her and confessed that he really had to pee. Immediately feeling drawn to him, and highly attracted to him, Ellen rested her hand on his thigh to show him that she sympathised and cared as she felt his legs tense and his knees bounce. Hearing that he hadn’t been to the toilet even once on the ship all day she could feel her arousal instantly increasing as she edged her hand ever closer to Daniel’s penis.

Ensuring she wasn’t distracting him from driving too much she entertained herself by feeling and fondling her sexy bursting boyfriend as he squirmed and bounced around even as they shared how they had been attracted to each others desperation even before they ever got together as a couple. Just thinking of her boyfriend masturbating himself to the sound of her peeing turned Ellen on so much she struggled not to stroke Daniel through his trousers, especially as he whimpered that he wasn’t sure wether he’d make it home on time! His every moan, squirm and gasp drove her crazy with desire as she knew she really needed to fulfil her sexual needs sooner rather than later.

Getting to watch Daniel grabbing himself and hobbling to the door of his house was highly amusing and erotic as Ellen stood back wondering how he would get into the house without letting his penis go to unlock the door. Knowing he was clearly so bursting now that he was seconds away from wetting himself Ellen couldn’t resist pulling him into the garden where she’d longed to have fun with him ever since he’d told her it was secluded. Her eyes bulging at seeing Daniel unzip his trousers and grab himself through his underwear she asked if he’d mind her getting to hold it as her hands shook and her back was sweating in anticipation already.

Delighted that he agreed she swiftly took over and enjoyed investigating exactly where Daniel’s penis was in his damp warm underwear. Pulling it out even as it spurted with warm urine she felt thrilled and proud to be trusted with such a sensitive part of her boyfriend’s body. It only took a moment for the full days torrent of liquid to pump through fingers as she watched with excitement and delight as she felt surges through her hands as liquid splashed onto the hedge and puddled onto the dry ground.

She had to kiss Daniel when he finished peeing. She just had to. She felt so privileged and immensely touched at what he’d allowed her to do and she craved the touch of his lips on hers. With all thoughts of dinner quickly erased from her mind she now wanted nothing other than Daniel’s naked body as their kissing turned to hand holding and hugs as they raced inside to resume their kissing once more. Both clearly hungry for each other it took seconds until they were both fully naked as their desires for each other outweighed anything else going on in that moment. Fumbling their way into the living room the next Ellen knew Daniel was on top of her sucking her breasts and nipples, feeling all over her curves and whispering sexy thoughts into her ears as her hands explored his gorgeous body eagerly and excitedly. Wet, horny, and more than ready Ellen happily sat up with her legs wide open as Daniel teased her with his thick dick tingling her clitoris making her body shake with need.

Pulling Daniel closer with her legs and hips she longed for him to go in deeper and harder as she shook and rocked in need and longing. He quickly obliged as he simultaneously fondled and sucked her sensitive swollen breasts whilst filling her open wet pussy with his manhood until they were both sexually satisfied and content. Resting into Daniel’s chest as he sat with his arm round her on the couch as they both calmed down from their sexual highs Ellen knew this was much more than just infatuation and lust. Daniel was more than just her colleague now, or even her best friend. He was the man she actually loved more than she’d ever dared to admit. Feeling much more free to tell him now than she’d ever felt able to before they shared a short but sweet kiss until she noticed the time and remarked how they needed to get a move on if they planned to eat before going back out again.

Feeling like she never ever wanted to live alone again she was thrilled to hear Daniel offer her a cuppa as all the exertion from sex had left her parched. Sipping at the most perfect cuppa ever she wandered back onto the kitchen and smiled at the mess of discarded clothing everywhere. Picking it up while Daniel put on food she then sat at the dining table watching him as his naked bottom stuck out as he bent to put dinner in the oven.

“You have a very sexy bum you know!”

As Daniel wiggled it teasingly Ellen laughed at the cheek of it, feeling more relaxed than she could ever recall. Drinking at her tea she felt a recognisable tingle between her legs as Daniel turned on the tap to wash his hands. It was common for her to need a wee after sex but with her tea only half drunk she wasn’t in any hurry to go just yet, especially as she only felt a slight need and nothing more. In no hurry to put clothes back on either she eyed up Daniel as he sat down opposite her and reached over for his clothes. Putting her hand on top of his their eyes met as Ellen smiled cheekily.

“Let’s not cover ourselves up just yet eh? There’s plenty of time for that after dinner.”

Thrilled that Daniel’s raised eyebrows told her that he’d agreed Ellen removed her hand to finish her tea.

“So, do you think it’s still too soon to contact my landlord? I obviously need to complete the training still before I start my new job, and to be honest they still haven’t given me a start date yet. The thing is though I reckon that block of flats is eventually going to be demolished anyway so to me I’m wasting my money still paying rent for that flat. I’m never going to go back am I?”

“I’m sure that if it’s classed as uninhabitable, which it obviously is, then that negates your legal need to pay rent anyway. I’m fairly sure your landlord should actually be paying for you to stay somewhere else given the property wasn’t maintained well enough. Though they’d no doubt blame the council as the communal areas weren’t his. That’s the thing with flats. It all gets very complicated if a big repair needs done or something devastating like a fire happens. Were you seriously thinking of going back there if it had been repairable?”

“I was at first, yes. That flat meant so much to me. It represented a fresh start for me, a new beginning. It was my independence, my chance to prove myself. I thought you just felt sorry for me really. Like friends had done before whenever I asked to sleep on their couches. I was confused about everything and in shock at what had happened still. It was a lot to take in. We had only been together a matter of days really. I didn’t want to rush things and ruin what we had.”

“And you’ve changed your mind now?”

“Well all being well I’ll get the job in Dundee and get to live in that beautiful caretakers flat with its gorgeous kitchen and lovely carpeted bedrooms. It really is exactly what Ive always wanted, especially getting to support the refugee for longer. They haven’t had the opportunity to truly integrate into the community or culture here yet living on a cruise ship and so many of them are still so vulnerable. I really feel I can make a difference Daniel. I really do. Even if it means having to give up my work here at the Crisis charity shop at the weekends. Plus I need a job, don’t I, now that the project is over. There’s just one thing that is breaking my heart though and that’s the thought of leaving you. I wish you could come with me.”

“If you’re definitely not going back to your old flat you really should contact the landlord and hand in your notice. I can assure you he’ll get more than his money back when he claims his contents insurance so don’t even worry about that. I’ve always thought right from the start that that caretakers job had your name on it ever since we first toured Tulloch Court. They’d have been crazy not taking you on. Believe you my heart is breaking already at the thought of you going too, even for the training days! You might even find me knocking at your door asking to sleep on your couch one day!”

“You do know that I’d say no to that Daniel don’t you?”

“Really?”

“I could never let you sleep on the couch Daniel. I’d be dragging you to bed with me and hugging you all night long!”

“Now that I would never say no to. So what’s the plan for these training days? Are you thinking of driving there and back? When was your car last serviced and MOT’d?”

“I hadn’t really thought. It’s three days together though so that could be a stretch for me as well as my wee car. I might be better staying in a hotel for a couple of nights.”

“That sounds sensible. I have a meeting tomorrow lunchtime with my boss. I haven’t taken my annual leave yet this year so I was thinking of asking him for a week before I return to the office. I think I need time to get my head back to the mundanity of office working after the thrill of the cruise ship. If I get the time off how about I come with you? I hate the thought of you being so far away. I’m sure there’s loads I could do in the flats while you are at training?”

“That sounds lovely. Any chance dinner is ready yet? I’m starving!”

*438*2024-04-27 00:04

The hospital visit

Walking into the kitchen Daniel smiled at the tossed clothing left o the floor and tables. Washing his hands and then filling the kettle he busied himself making tea and coffee as he thought about the naked woman in the room next door. How he simply loved having her living with him! Taking the tea through to Ellen he returned to the kitchen to open the freezer to see what meals he still had from his mum. After a day in the fridge he always transferred any uneaten ones to his freezer to give them a longer shelf life. Finding two portions he transferred them to oven proof dishes and bent down to put them in the oven.

He hadn’t heard Ellen walk in but hearing her voice commenting on his naked bottom he wiggled it a little to tease her. Feeling exposed he took his coffee over to sit with Ellen at the dining table when he noticed that all their clothing had been picked up and folded on a pile on the table. Reaching over to find his own clothing to put on he felt Ellen’s hand on top of his as their eyes met over their mugs.

“Let’s not cover ourselves up just yet eh? There’s plenty of time for that after dinner.”

Raising his eye brows half thinking she was joking but half thinking what a crazy thought it was Daniel decided to go with the flow for a bit as he resumed sipping his coffee, feeling rather amused at Ellen’s boldness. As they chatted about Ellen’s old flat and then about her plans for the following week now that she had a training course to attend in Dundee Daniel just knew that the thought of several days of not seeing Ellen felt awful. Remembering that he still had some annual leave outstanding he decided he’d mention it to Archie at the meeting they had arranged the next day in the hope he could have a break before returning to the office.

Planning with Ellen about them both having a few days in Dundee Daniel felt excited about the idea of more time with Ellen, even if she would be busy much of the day. Taking the empty mugs to the sink he rinsed them before taking the meals out the oven. Dishing them up he carried them over to the table where they sat naked eating and drinking until they were both finished. Washing the dishes quickly they then both got dressed before Ellen used the downstairs loo and they headed back out to the Queen Elizabeth hospital just a few miles down the road.

Parking on the 4th floor of car park 5 Daniel took Ellen’s hand as they walked towards the main entrance and followed directions to ward 4A. Finding Mrs Kravchenco in her own single room with the lights dimmed and the curtains closed Daniel immediately sensed things were not good. Checking with a nurse that they were permitted to visit he wasn’t overly surprised when she followed him back to the room and closed the door behind her. Doing her best to wake the patient Daniel stood back with Ellen as machines beeped and whirred around them. He hadn’t known Mykhaila’s mum much at all but his memory of her in the theatre on the ship when he’d announced the big move less than two weeks ago was a far cry from the weak, lethargic,sick woman now lying in front of him.

In a hushed voice the nurse checked who they were before asking if either of them knew who Diana’s next of kin might be. Letting Ellen answer Daniel looked over at the machines quietly thinking.

“There’s only her and her daughter I think. Her daughter, Mykhaila, is currently in foster care. We worked on the ship she was living on. She never mentioned any other family. I believe my colleague Yeva Volkova has brought over the remainder of her belongings because sadly the ship is leaving this week as all the residents are moving.”

“You are aware that Mrs Kravchenco is not going to get better? The prognosis is not good I’m afraid. She is now on permanent dialysis and her kidneys are in complete failure. It is only these machines keeping her alive. She can hear you and see you but she’s not able to speak much now and what she can say we are struggling to understand.”

“Her first language is Ukrainian. She’s struggled to pick up English.”

“Thank you. I need to be getting on but please take your time. It’s lovely to see someone visiting her.”

Nodding to the nurse as she left Daniel instinctively reached for Ellen’s hand. He hadn’t needed to hear the nurse tell him how ill Diana was, her appearance said it all. As Ellen moved slowly to the side of Diana’s bed Daniel noticed how puffy her eyes were, how swollen her hands and arms were and how pale and drawn her skin was. With her bedside cabinet piled with cardboard sick bowls and machines beeping non stop Daniel felt an oppression and depression about the room that made him want to leave. Staying only to support Ellen even the smell made him feel uneasy as Ellen’s calming voice made him feel so sad and tearful.

“Hi Diana. It’s Ellen here. I know you are tired but I wanted to pop in and say hello. I really miss you. Everyone is really busy on the ship. Tomorrow they are all leaving to go to their new homes. I really wish you and Mykhaila were coming too. You’d have loved Dundee. I know you would have. I might be moving too. They’ve offered me a job there so I will be keeping an eye on everyone for you. You are in the right place though. They are really looking after you here, just like you looked after your daughter. I’ll never forget you Diana. I promise. I’ll go and let you get some rest now. You are very special. Spetsial’ni. Goodbye my friend. Take care. Do pobachennya. Harno vidpochyn.”

Giving Ellen a moment to kiss Mrs Kravchenco’s head Daniel bowed his head respectfully as he silently recited portions of the Quran to himself as he’d always been taught to do. Giving Ellen a minute he then hugged her as she cried openly before guiding her gently out of the room. Letting Ellen briefly speak to a nurse he watched her give them her mobile number before she took his hand and they went back down in the lift and walked silently back to the car park.

Wanting to give Ellen as much time as she needed to compose her thoughts he made her a cuppa as soon as they were home as he pulled her close again and held her tight.

“I’m so sorry.”

“Me too. Poor Mykhaila. That poor poor girl.”

Sitting at the dining table sipping their hot drinks Daniel reached out his hand to take Ellen’s.

“That was so lovely hearing you speak in Ukrainian. You have went above and beyond in so many ways. I’m so proud of you. That was hard going tonight.”

“I hadn’t expected her to be so ill.”

“Neither had I. You made the right call calling social services when you did. I know that wasn’t easy.”

“I think I’m going to head to bed after this cuppa if you don’t mind. Tonight has been so emotional and tomorrow morning I know I will cry again. It’ll be a long day too what with getting the train back.”

“I know. I wish I didn’t have that meeting with Archie tomorrow. I’ll keep in touch though and I can meet you at the station once I know what train you are on.”

“Thank you. You are so kind Daniel. That’s something I’ve always valued in you. You’re such a genuine kind man. You make an amazing cup of tea too!”

*439*2024-04-28 23:11

Saying goodbye to Mrs Kravchenco

Letting Daniel take her empty mug Ellen winced as he turned the tap on to rinse them. She really needed a wee but smelling that dinner was ready she decided to wait just a little bit longer. Besides, she was rather enjoying seeing Daniel doing everything in the kitchen totally naked.

Her mouth already watering as Daniel dished up she no longer cared that the meal had been batch cooked by his mum and simply heated up by Daniel as the piping hot food was placed in front of her. It looked and smelled amazing and as she put the first fork full in her mouth she licked her lips in delight. Smiling at Daniel over her plate she wondered if he had any idea how badly she needed to pee as they ate and drank, contented in each other’s naked company. Swinging her legs under the table as she swallowed some water to wash down her meal Ellen knew she really couldn’t delay peeing much longer. Letting Daniel take her empty plate away she couldn’t help but tease her body just a tiny bit longer as Daniel turned to wash up. Behind his back she pushed a hand between her legs and inserted a finger to play with herself. Narrowly missing being caught as Daniel suddenly turned around to say that they had better leave to visit Mrs Kravchenco Ellen pulled her hand away and blushed.

Nodding in agreement Ellen slipped on her underwear and clothing, having to squirm a fair bit behind Daniel’s back as he put his own clothing back on too. Watching as Daniel then opened the cupboard in the kitchen to get their coats Ellen knew she had better rush to the bathroom or she’d end up having an accident before they even got to the hospital. Using the down stairs loo for speed she felt so much better after doing a very long wee as she tried to shift her focus to the more emotional task of the hospital visit ahead. She hadn’t seen Diana for almost a week, though she had heard from Yeva how hard she’s taken Mykhaila moving to foster care and how poor her mental health had been as a result. Bracing herself for a difficult visit she sat quietly in the car as they drove the two miles to the hospital, parked and walked to the renal ward.

Finding the single room with Diana in Ellen was beginning to think she wasn’t there as the dimmed lights and beeping machines dominated the space. Peeking behind the curtains she then saw Diana’s small, almost unrecognisable, face, swollen and gaunt looking with her eyes closed and her expression steady. Immediately knowing that the woman’s health had deteriorated substantially Ellen was grateful to see a nurse join them as she struggled to keep her emotions at bay. Fearing the worst when she was asked about next of kin Ellen didn’t need told that her friend wasn’t going to live for much longer. Covering her mouth in shock and sadness she updated the nurse on what little she knew about the woman she’d met on the ship as she nodded at everything the nurse said back.

Remembering how Diana had arrived in Scotland already sick Ellen couldn’t help but wonder whether she’d be quite so ill had she had access to medical care sooner. It was such a sad situation for everyone but now it was too late to change anything. With the nurse now having left them alone Ellen was certain this would be the last time she’d see Mrs Kravchenco alive so she walked closer, took the lady’s hand in hers and spoke to her clearly in English and Ukrainian about how much she’d miss her and all the news of the ship. Though she’d never been an overly chatting lady even before becoming so sick Ellon still felt the lack of reply acutely with the silence in the room only magnifying just how poorly the patient was. Bending down to kiss her friend goodbye for the last time she felt a tear fall onto the woman’s cold swollen hand.

Overcome with emotion she was so appreciative of Daniel immediately holding her in his arms as the tears flowed easily at the sadness all around her. Taking her time to sob she felt reassured of Daniel’s care as she cried into his shirt hoping he didn’t mind how wet it was becoming. Allowing Daniel to take her hand she followed him slowly out the room as she looked back at the dying woman one more time. Outside the room Ellen felt the lights were suddenly too bright and the noice of visitors talking and laughing way too loud. Letting Daniel’s hand go she took the few steps alone to the nurse’s station making sure they had her details should anything change with Diana. With her head bowed she headed back to Daniel as they took hands and made their way silently back to the car park and back home.

Hanging her coat up Ellen almost fell into the dining chair, leaning on the table to prop her exhausted body up. The comfort and familiarity of Daniel putting the kettle on was so soothing to her soul as they chatted quietly and respectfully about the hospital visit. Taking the hot mug from Daniel Ellen wrapped both hands around it as she picked it up to sip from. No amount of training or preparation prepared her for watching one of the refugees dying, she thought, as the reality of the project ending sunk in. Was this what was supposed to happen when a county eagerly welcomed war refugees from another country? It seemed so far from ideal, almost cruel, to transport a single sick mum with her young daughter over two thousand miles from home only to have the mother die and the child taken into care.

Mulling it all over as she drank her tea Ellen was so thankful for Daniel quietly listening to her rambling thoughts while they sat drinking and chatting together. Taking the final sip of the warm refreshing liquid Ellen caught Daniel’s eyes.

“I think I’m going to head to bed after this cuppa if you don’t mind. Tonight has been so emotional and tomorrow morning I know I will cry again. It’ll be another long day too what with getting the train back.”

Seeing Daniel nod she kissed him on the forehead and made her way upstairs to the master bedroom. Within minutes she was under the duvet curled up trying to blank out the image of Mrs Kravchenco in the hospital bed. Pushing her mind instead to think of the lovely flats in Tulloch Court she tried to picture herself in the caretakers role, determined that every other refugee would be looked after and supported to prevent any more becoming as sick or as lonely as Diana had been. Hugging the pillow tightly she felt herself drifting to sleep not even conscious of when Daniel came to join her.

*440*2024-04-30 23:25

Apologies again for delay. Been getting medical support for asthma but hoping to be back to conclude this asap

*442*2024-05-01 18:50

{{18 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Hope you feel better soon, and thank you for the great story that you have told so far speaking of, do you plan to write an epilogue afterwards or no?

}}

Yes I will probably write an epilogue to give you all more info on why I wrote it and how I have been when writing

*443*2024-05-02 23:15

Daniel reminisces on the cruise ship

Waking up before his alarm Daniel turned to look at Ellen still asleep beside him. The thought of her being so far away from him all day was horrible but he knew he had no choice. Turning the alarm off on his Alexa he slipped out of bed to pee and have a shower before heading downstairs to make Ellen some toast and tea. Bringing it up he stroked her hair gently to wake her before presenting her with her breakfast. Just seeing that early morning smile on her face made his heart leap. Unable to resist giving her a quick kiss he sat on the side of the bed chatting to her until she’d finished her toast and mug of tea. Taking the tray downstairs he heard Ellen getting up and going to the ensuite as he tried listening to hear if he could make out the noise of her peeing. Pausing just outside the room he was sure he could hear a faint sound of splashing liquid as he imagined Ellen releasing her desperately needed first morning pee.

After washing up he anxiously gathered all his things together ready to see the coaches full of refugees leaving before making sure everything was in order before he met his boss in the city. Having one last check of his emails and phone while he waited for Ellen he looked up to see her coming down the stairs looking and smelling incredible. Jumping up to look at her properly he reached a hand out to help her down the last few stairs as he complimented her easily.

“You look so amazing! I knew that black jumper would suit you but seeing it against those leggings just adds to it so much. I love how you have done your hair too.”

“Thank you Daniel. It’s a big day today and I wanted to make it special. It won’t hide my tears though that’s for sure.”

“Happy tears or sad tears?”

“A real mix of both to be honest. Yesterday it was definitely mostly sad tears but thinking I might actually get to move to Tulloch Court with them all soon there’s some happy tears in there too. I was just looking at the train times there on my phone. You know the Dundee trains only come into Queen Street? It takes longer than the car, which surprised me. It’s about a hour and 25 minutes up to an hour and 40 odd depending on which train I get. I really want to make sure everyone is ok before I leave so I’m guessing the earliest one I’ll probably catch would be the quarter past 4 which gets me into Glasgow at about 6pm.”

“Just text me Ellen and I will come and get you whenever. Yeva and Jessica will probably travel back with you I’m guessing. Keep in contact please. I’ll be thinking of you all day.”

“And I’ll be thinking about you with your meeting too. I guess we’d better get going then. I still can’t quite believe this is our last ever time going to the cruise ship together.”

“It’s like the end of an era isn’t it?”

Returning to pack away his laptop again Daniel lead the way to the back door of his house opening it to let Ellen through. Glancing over at the garage he thought about Ellen’s car safely locked inside as he smiled at the knowledge that right now Ellen was still very much living with him, an arrangement he really didn’t want to end. Getting into the car he checked Ellen had everything then reversed out into the quiet road and drove the short distance to King George V dock, pulling into the quiet car park before the coaches and press even arrived.

Inside the cruise ship the reception desks were all gone and in their place cleaners pushed buffer machines back and forth as the ship prepared itself for leaving the dock. The usually noisy and busy canteen was shuttered up with wrapped croissants and bottles of fresh juice left out on a single long table with fresh fruit and breakfast bars. It was a stark contrast Daniel thought to the aroma of fresh coffee and cooked sausage and eggs that had welcomed him for the last few weeks. 

Walking around all the public areas he couldn’t believe just how different it all looked since he was last there just the day before. Realising Ellen had already left him he took a moment to take the lift to the very top level to stand where he’d once been with Ellen as he’d watched her crouch in front of a row of fixed metal chairs as she peed ferociously onto the ground. Feeling his penis harden at just the memory he walked along past the closed and drained swimming pool to where he’d remembered standing facing the wall shyly while Ellen held his trembling penis so gently while he pissed against the wall. That had been such a special day and a memory he’d never forget.

Taking the lift back to the ground floor he saw a few more people starting to gather as he looked outside to see if the coaches had arrived yet. Seeing cameras and reporters and vans with various TV logos on he ducked back inside before anyone saw him. Still not seeing any trace of Ellen he looked around at the few people standing around noticing Celine talking to one of the refugees looking very emotional. Turning his head back towards where the take away breakfast was sitting Daniel spotted Aran dressed in his usual jeans and jumper as he chatted to another charity worker.

Feeling lost without the focus of work he took himself a walk past the ground floor meeting room where he’d met with Ellen the day after they’d returned from seeing the tower block for the first time. Surprisingly the room was open so he walked in and sat down on the very seat he’d sat at that day. Recalling Ellen sitting opposite him fidgeting and squirming he stood up feeling his hard dick in his suit trousers as he casually walked over to where they had made love and where Ellen had emptied her bladder all over the carpet. Bending down to touch the carpet, secretly hoping it might still be damp from that day, his mind went instantly back to how horny they had both been that afternoon.

Rock hard Daniel slipped quietly out the room and across the corridor through a set of double doors into a stairwell. Walking up to the first floor he was instantly back in his mind to the day that he and Ellen had come exactly the same way as they looked for an open cabin so they could use the ensuite. Recalling how exciting it had been trying to dodge the cleaner and how blissful sex with Ellen had been in that cabin he pushed the door open and gazed at the bed wishing Ellen was with him so they could reenact that afternoon all over again. Noticing the time he closed the cabin and returned to the ground floor seeing even more people gathering. With just one last place he had to return to before everyone left he took the lift quickly to floor one and walked purposefully past the theatre and down the corridor with the single cubicle toilet that he’d used more than any other toilet on the ship.

Now ravenous for sex he locked the door and stood over the toilet with his long hard penis out like he was about to urinate. Instead wrapped up completely in his memories and thoughts of Ellen, he stroked himself picturing Ellen touching him and licking him in his imagination until he quickly came. Cleaning himself up he felt naughty but calmer and more focussed as he took the lift back down to the main entrance just in time to see the three couches pulling into the car park. Turning back to see a large crowd of people all ready to leave he finally noticed Ellen looking as beautiful and sexy as ever standing beside Oleksandr and his wife and their young son. Pulling a list and a pen out of his pocket he signalled to Ellen to bring the family, with Varya on her crutches, to the front so that they could board the coach first.

Ticking the three Narvarykasha’s off his list he noticed Celine and Aran and Jessica helping the rest of the refugees to form a line. Carefully ticking off each person’s name from his list he continued until there were no names left and the ship was silent and sparse when Celine ran up to him spontaneously and hugged him. As she let him go Aran came up and shook his hand followed by several other charity and government workers. Keen to have one last word with everyone before the coaches left he ran down the gantry to board the first coach as its engine started up. Standing right at the front with Ellen facing him on the front seat with little Bakai beside her he clapped his hands to get everyone’s attention before shouting more emotionally than he thought he would be.

“Goodbye and good luck everyone. May your new homes bring you all peace and happiness. Glasgow will miss you all!”

Reaching his hand out to grasp Ellen’s he publicly kissed her before leaving the coach to repeat the same message to the other two coaches. Wishing he was going with them he joined the crowds waving and cheering as cameras clicked and filmed as all three coaches pulled out of the car park taking all the refugees, except one family, to their new permanent homes. Thinking of poor Mrs Kravchenco and her young daughter he prayed silently to Allah before returning onto the empty ship alone as all his colleagues walked off to return to their lives pre Adventurer II.

Standing alone on the huge cruise ship Daniel noticed the table full of empty juice bottles and croissant wrappers as he wondered if everyone had thought to use the toilet before leaving. Dundee wasn’t that far away but it was a very long journey if you were bursting for a pee, as he’d discovered numerous times before.

*444*2024-05-08 00:00

Boarding the final bus to Dundee

Waking up to Daniel stroking her hair and saying good morning Ellen looked up bleary eyed and smiled. What a perfect way to wake up, made even better as she noticed a tray of freshly made tea and toast. Sitting up in bed wearing only her knickers she didn’t care one bit about Daniel staring at her large curvaceous breasts as they hovered over the duvet. Sipping at her tea and biting into the toast she loved that Daniel sat beside her on the side of the bed chatting as she finished her breakfast hoping he’d already had his. As soon as he left the room though she could barely contain herself as she raced quickly to the ensuite bathroom longing to release her very full bladder.

Stepping into the shower right afterwards she loved that her favourite shower gel now had its only place on the shower shelf as she washed her large body and thick wavy hair. Drying herself with a clean fluffy towel she unwrapped the wet towel from around her hair and scrunched up her curls with her hand. Leaving it while she looked out some clean clothing she pulled on a pair of leggings then opted for the black jumper Daniel had bought her for her interview.

Thinking this was very fitting for the final journey to Dundee with the refugees she rummaged in her meagre belongings for a claw hair clip. Finally finding what she was looking for she pulled her wet curly hair back leaving loose strands dangling on her face and clipping the rest back in the bulldog like clasp. Taking a few minutes to look up the train information on her phone she sighed to herself at how long the journey from Dundee to Glasgow took. Checking herself in the mirror she did some final adjustments before spraying herself with some pound shop body spray and heading downstairs ready for the coaches leaving.

Expecting Daniel to be busy getting ready himself she was pleasantly surprised to see him at the bottom of the stairs waiting for her and even more delighted when he held out his hand gallantly to help her down the last few steps.

“You look so amazing! I knew that black jumper would suit you but seeing it against those leggings just adds to it so much. I love how you have done your hair too.”

Thanking Daniel she admitted how tearful she was already feeling and informed him of the times of the trains for coming home. Glad to hear he was happy to pick her up whenever she arrived back they gathered their things together and walked out to the car deep in thought. Strangely the journey to the port felt quicker than ever as Daniel parked his car in the quiet car park overshadowed by the huge cruise ship. Walking up the open gangway Ellen’s thoughts ran ahead of her quickly as she said a silent prayer for Diana and Mykhaila then paused at the sudden change in what had been the reception area. The noise of cleaning machines and the smell of air freshener and bleach filled the open area as Ellen made her way towards the Narvarykasha’s cabin on the first floor.

Greeted by an energetic and excited Bakai Ellen picked him up and hugged him tight before putting him down again and moving towards where Oleksandr was doing a great job of helping his wife get dressed. Doing up the lady’s buttons on her blouse Ellen hugged Oleksandr followed by Varya as she checked if they had everything packed and ready. Expecting them to show her a suitcase Ellen turned to where Oleksandr pointed to see just two big bin bags full of everything they owned. Thinking back to her own sparse amount of current belongings since her house fire she nodded enthusiastically, thankful that the family at least had something to call their own.

Helping them all down the corridor and to the lifts they were quickly joined by Inna and Ihor and Valentyna and Yan as they all squeezed into the lift together with their entire belongings to make their way to the main public area downstairs. It was obvious that none of the residents had yet been downstairs to the ground floor that morning as Yan ran around where tables had once been shouting ‘gone away’ in the clearest Glaswegian accent Ellen had ever heard. Unable to stop herself laughing at him the whole group headed to the canteen in expectation of what they had come to expect as a daily breakfast. Hoping to make herself a cup of tea while they waited on the coaches arriving Ellen was as surprised as the refugees to see only a table full of individual bottles of fresh orange and apple juice and over 100 individually wrapped croissants, trays of fresh fruit, and some breakfast bars.

Encouraging everyone to sit down as more and more people joined them Ellen took it upon herself to distribute the juice and croissants and fruit to everyone she could find. They had quite a journey ahead of them soon and she didn’t want anyone feeling sick from hunger. Calling the kids over by name she was glad to see they were running around enjoying the vast empty space before being cooped up in cramped coaches for most of the rest of the morning. Making sure they all had something to eat too she could feel her own stomach beginning to flutter with nerves as someone came onto the ship shouting that there was cameras and reporters gathering outside in the car park.

As more and more refugees congregated around waiting Ellen looked for any sign of Daniel. Opening a bottle of fresh apple juice the heat from the crowd was making her thirsty as she drank it while looking around for Celine or Daniel or even Aran. Spotting Yeva she waved to her as she bit into a croissant savouring its fresh pastry taste and licking her lips. Taking another bite she saw Aran in the distance and waved frantically to him too. Finishing the croissant she moved to put the wrapper on the table as she placed her empty apple juice bottle on the table and picked up another one just as she saw Celine and ran to hug her.

“Oh Ellen how weird does the ship look today! It’s like the heart has been ripped out of it. I haven’t stopped once since I came on at 8. I can’t believe they’re chucking us out so soon after they all leave. You’d have thought they’d have given us a bit more time. I keep finding more stuff of mine all over the place!”

Sympathising with her close colleague Ellen was about to ask if she’d seen Daniel when a huge cheer blocked out everything else and distracted her.

“They’re here! Oh my God Ellen this is it!”

Jumping up together and hugging each other in celebration Ellen vaguely heard Inna telling the children to do one final toilet trip as the noise of excited and nervous chatter all around her made her head spin. Letting Celine go she returned back to stand with Varya having to lean right next to her to ask her where Oleksandr and Bakai were. Pointing towards the main set of lifts she shouted to be heard.

“Tualet. Pered poyizdkoyu”

Understanding the Ukrainian Ellen nodded as they waited patiently for them to return. Finally seeing Daniel looking very focussed and professional Ellen grabbed Varya’s arm as they stood at the front with Bakai and Oleksandr to ensure Varya wasn’t injured any further. Seeing Daniel wave to them to come forward she steadied the young woman as best she could as they slowly and carefully made their way down the gantry towards the awaiting coaches with cameras all around flashing and recording them. Walking to the front coach Ellen and Oleksandr took an arm each to assist Varya up the coach steps as a volunteer stuck stickers on their bin bags and tossed them into the boot of the vehicle.

Letting the young couple sit together behind the driver Ellen sat young Bakai by the window and strapped him in. Sitting beside him she slid her handbag under the seat as the coach quickly filled with eager refugees excited to be moving to their own homes at last. Looking back Ellen could clearly see the other two couches filling too whilst cameras flashed and filmed and reporters spoke over the noise and excitement of the crowd. Expecting to leave any minute Ellen waited patiently as she looked out the window to see Daniel walking towards the coach purposefully, smiling up at her.

Climbing up the stairs he stood right at the front beside the driver and clapped his hands loudly to get everyone’s attention. Seeing him standing there in his usual grey suit with his smart shirt and open collar Ellen couldn’t help but think just how much she loved him as he spoke confidently, professionally but personally too, as he summed up exactly what she was thinking.

“Goodbye and good luck everyone. May your new homes bring you all peace and happiness. Glasgow will miss you all!”

Expecting him to now leave Ellen was so touched when he reached out to hold her hand then suddenly bent down in front of the whole coach, and potentially hundreds of cameras outside watching, as he kissed her affectionately on the lips. It was just enough for her to know how deeply he cared but not quite enough to get her so worked up in front of everyone. It was just perfect. Exactly like Daniel.

Closing her eyes to treasure the moment the noise of the diesel engine filled the coach as she felt everything move and the crowd slowly disappearing out her window as the final journey to Dundee began.

*448*2024-05-09 23:52

Daniel meets with his boss

Noticing a few spare bottles of juice Daniel reached over to grab one. Opening it up he drank about a third of it as he walked over to where he’d left his laptop case. Pulling the bag onto table he dug inside for a printout he knew he had. Finally finding it he finished the juice then left the empty bottle with the others as he made his way around the ground floor pushing open each cabin that had recently been vacated and diligently checking for any left items. Placing the odd empty crisp packet or empty blister packs of painkillers on counters to make things easier for the cleaners he came across various hair bobbles, an odd sock and a broken charger. Hoping the 1st floor would be just as simple he made his way upstairs ticking off each cabin number as he checked it.

With a lot more rooms to check now he found himself slowing down and gathering more stray item like a watch, some clean washing left in a dryer, a hand towel, and even a shaver! Deciding he needed a box or a bag he took a moment to go back downstairs to see what he could find. The cruise was eerily quiet now with cleaners and decorators milling around where once over a thousand refugees had been living. There was no chatter or smell of food cooking and no buzz from charity workers or residents. Walking towards the closed canteen Daniel caught the attention of one of the cooks and asked if they had a spare box. Waiting while they got one for him he looked around at the empty tables and chairs remembering the many times he’d met Ellen for lunch or they’d found themselves together at the hot drinks table.

Thanking the cook for the box he returned upstairs where he’d left off gathering together all the left items he could find. By the time he’d completed the second floor he was warm, thirsty, hungry and a little bored of the identical cabin layouts and the monotony of so many corridors. Taking the lift now with the full box in his arms he walked towards the table where the breakfast items had been. By now all the rubbish had been taken away and the last of the juice and fruit and croissants slid together into a much smaller area. Assuming it was ok to help himself he took another bottle of apple juice and drank it all in one go before helping himself to a croissant and an apple. Checking his watch he was surprised it was already half past 12 as he sighed to himself, picked up the box and his laptop bag and walked quietly off the ship for the final time.

Deciding it was best to head to the city to give himself plenty time to park he joined the motorway into town and took the slip road for George Square. Driving past the council head quarters he indicated to turn into the private car park where he had to circle several floors before finally finding a space. Seeing he had a little time to spare he purchased a ticket then sat in his car reading through printed spreadsheets preparing himself for what his boss might say. Nervously putting it all away he left his car and made the short walk to the office he’d worked in since he’d joined the council in his late teens.

The familiarity of the building was usually a huge comfort to Daniel but today it felt cold, impersonal and strange as he waited at reception like he was just a member of the public rather than an employee. Seeing Archie Waters coming to meet him he felt more nervous than he expected to be as the man shook his hand and told him to follow him. They walked along a quiet corridor then up a flight of stairs until Daniel found himself sitting opposite his boss feeling like he was about to be shouted at like a naughty child seeing the headteacher.

“Thank you for coming Daniel. It’s good to see you again. You are looking well. So I take it it all went well this morning? It’s been all over the news anyway.”

Having not even thought to check the news Daniel smiled nervously.

“Yes that’s everyone now left the Adventurer II. The coaches left sharp and I have a full list here of all 109 refugees who will no doubt already be in Dundee by now. There were a few last minute changes but other than one lady who is currently in hospital terminally ill everyone is accounted for. As much as it has been a great learning experience, and a career boosting opportunity hopefully, it has also been very stressful at times and very intense. I know you are keen for me to return to the office as soon as possible but I was actually wondering if I could possibly take some of my owed annual leave next week to recover and recuperate? Would that be possible?”

“That’s what I have brought you in to talk to you about in fact Daniel. While I have unfortunately had three major complains about your conduct during the project, all of which I have already directly spoken to you about, I am aware that you will have undoubtedly gained some valuable skills and experience from the cruise that I feel would be better served elsewhere. There is a vacancy which I have become aware of in Possilpark. It’s community based but you would be working alongside another housing officer. Just like the project you have just come from the people you would be working with are highly vulnerable and have complex needs. I need someone of your experience Daniel to really tackle the issues there. I’m sure you could make a difference.”

“What? Possilpark? The most deprived and depressed area in Scotland? You know full well I wouldn’t be safe working there. Do I get any choice in this at all?”

“No you don’t Daniel. Not if you want to further your career and enhance your experience. It’s a part of your contract that you can be moved. You know that as well as I do. You have worked in this office much longer than anyone else and that’s not beneficial to either of us. I am willing to give you 7 days of annual leave on the proviso that you agree to this arrangement starting a week on Monday.I will email you over where you have to report to and my colleagues in Possilpark will be expecting you then. I warn you though Daniel I can’t afford to have any more complaints made against you. You hear me? I’ll get my secretary to email you over all the information tomorrow. If you could complete the annual leave application and have that to me by the end of the day I will authorise that as a matter of urgency for you. Now thank you for your time. I’m sure you can see yourself out.”

Shocked, angry and bewildered Daniel stared at Archie as he typed on his laptop before slowly leaving the room and closing the door behind him. He so wanted to call Ellen but not knowing if she was busy he walked alone down the corridor and down the empty stairwell back out to reception and out into the fresh air. Breathing in the afternoon dampness he walked sullenly back to the car park trying to digest everything he’d been told. Sitting alone in his car he sent Ellen a text to say he was thinking of her before turning on his engine and heading home.

Alone in the silence of his own home Daniel automatically switched the kettle on to make himself a much needed coffee as his phone buzzed with a text.

“It was chaos here on arrival. Keith deliberately hadn’t unlocked many of the flats and refused to be disturbed as he was busy filming but finally everyone is in and the press are slowly leaving. How did the meeting go?”

“I’ll talk to you tonight. I’m home now and missing you. Any idea what train you’ll be on?”

“Still aiming for the 4:15. Jessica and Yeva catching earlier one but I wanted to talk with Tetyan’a midwife. Apparently she’s not happy about their living arrangements so I want to see what’s going on there. Talk soon. Xx”

Opening his laptop while he drank his coffee Daniel googled Possilpark as he read and watched things that made him shudder. Feeling increasingly apprehensive and angry he longed to chat to Ellen as he thought of her up in Dundee struggling with over 100 refugees trying to make sure that we’re all ok in their new flats. Yes they were all vulnerable but in such a very different way to what he was reading about in Possilpark with its high drug use, high crime rate and even higher deprivation. How on earth could an area of Glasgow be so impoverished and destitute to have a life expectancy of only 66? Shaking his head at photos of boarded up flats and empty shops he understood totally the need for housing officers to work there but however much he tried to imagine it he simple couldn’t imagine it ever being him.

Putting his empty coffee mug down on the table he couldn’t focus. He needed to speak to his someone. He needed his mum. There was no time like the present.

*449*2024-05-10 14:18

{{On 5/8/2024 at 9:46 PM, peedesperate12 said:

Will there be another story after this one? Job well done btw

}}

Possibly but I might take a well earned break first

