Bad Time for a Fire Drill

Author: Mrgala21

*000*2019-12-30 07:14

This story is extremely focused around public humiliation as that is my personal favorite but I know that is not everyone's cup of tea so just wanted to make that clear. Also, please leave any feedback or criticism. I never like my own writing at all so it would be very interesting to see what others have to say about it.

....

Alaina rolled over once more. In fact, Alaina had been tossing and turning almost constantly since she had stumbled into her dorm room and practically fell straight into her bed. She had been out the night before and had a bit too much too drink. This had been Alaina's first time going out to an official college party and while she had a good time, she was a bit disappointed in herself for losing track of her intake so quickly. After the first two lemonade and vodka's Alaina had decided to just go with the flow.

"Thank god I have a roommate who made sure I was safe and made it back at the end of the night" Alaina thinks to herself as she awakens from a not so restful sleep and rolls over to check the time on her phone.

It was 7:15 and the last thing Alaina vaguely remembers was checking her phone when she had gotten back to her room and seeing it was 1:30 am. Or was it more like 2? Alaina couldn't quite remember but another memory did present itself quite clearly. She had to go pee pretty bad when she was walking back to her dorm with her roommate Vanessa but she was both too drunk and too tired to take care of that matter before she crashed. That need was definitely still nagging away at her. Her bladder felt like an overfilled balloon when she rolled over. This was a problem because this was a dorm building. The only way for Alaina to relieve herself would be to walk all of the way down the hallway to the shared girls bathroom and Alaina was way too lazy for all of that right now.

Instead, Alaina did decide to quietly get up and change out of her tight jeans and into a loose pair of gray sweats. She had not changed since she got in last night and she honestly felt gross and sweaty. Even her purple thong felt sweaty so she took that off as well and looked through her drawer for another fresh pair. But Alaina's laziness showed itself again when she realized the only clean pair she had left was her white hello kitty panties with a red outline around the waistband and thighs. Those always made her feel like a little girl to wear but they were her only clean option. Alaina had to place a hand over her bare pussy before putting the panties and sweats on and considered going to the bathroom once again as she finally experienced the sweet relief of taking off her bra and threw on a red t-shirt with her high school's logo on it.

"Aw screw it not now. I just want to sleep a bit longer" Alaina decides as she climbs back into bed sneaking a peak at Vanessa in her bed across the room just to make sure she did not wake her changing. Vanessa was sound asleep and that reassured Alaina as she stuck a hand between her legs as she snuggled back up under the covers and quickly drifted back to sleep.

...

Alaina jolted awake and immediately noticed two very unpleasant things. One, her dorm buildings fire alarm was going off and it was super super loud. It honestly hurt her ears. Two, Alaina had to pee. Well, Alaina had to pee unlike anything she had experienced in quite some time. Immediately, she placed the other hand that wasn't already deep between her legs on top of the hand that was.

"Come on Alaina we gotta get out of here and meet our hall outside. Thats what were supposed to do I think" Vanessa says as she pulls up some red short shorts over her white thong that she was sleeping in obviously just getting awoken by the fire alarm as Alaina did herself.

Alaina squirmed as she felt her entire body tense up. Holy shit she had to pee. She felt like pee was going to come out of her eyeballs. Or she was going to blow up. Either one. She then decided she had to at least move and get out of bed. Just removing one hand in order to remove her covers was hard enough and then flipping her legs over the side of the bed was another challenge that was already asking too much of her so early in the morning and also when she had such a pounding headache. "So an aching bladder was not the only side effect of alcohol" she thought to herself. Alaina got herself out of bed but did not stay on two feet long as she had to very quickly wrap one leg around the other and bend down resulting in her body resembling something like a pretzel.

"What the hell are you doing over there? Come on, we gotta go" Vanessa urges her roommate as she goes towards the dorm door. Vanessa is always very much the type to play it by the book. If the proper protocol in this situation was to get out of the room and downstairs immediately then that is what she and Alaina had to do. They had only just gotten on campus after all so she did not want to get into any type of trouble. And besides, that fire alarm was way too loud in here she wanted to get as far away from that sound as quickly as possible.

Alaina managed to strengthen herself out and gain some control as she followed Vanessa out of the room closing the door behind her and sneaking another grab of her quivering womanhood. She felt as if a leak was bound to come out soon so action had to be taken and even though this was not ideal to broadcast her need to Vanessa it was now already beyond necessary. Besides, she's known Vanessa for about two weeks now and she felt reasonably comfortable with her. It usually takes Alaina a lot to work up the nerve to make her bodily needs known no matter how bad they get.

"Vanessa we gotta stop at the bathroom before we go out I seriously have to pee so bad right now" Alaina says while looking down. Vanessa looks over her shoulder and sees her roommate with her hands in her crotch and walking quite funny looking.

"I guess but please be quick. I don't want to take to long and get in trouble or even burn to death." Vanessa says only half kidding.

A feeling of worry rushes over Alaina. She had been too worried about her own selfish need to pee that she did not even think about whether this was real or not. This could be a matter of life and death. She looks around as other girls emerge from their dorms all brushing sleep from their eyes lazily and only half dressed or dressed in Pjs. Alaina could not be the only girl waking up with a full bladder.

"You know what? your right actually. Ill just wait." Alaina says

Vanessa once agin looks over her shoulder as the two pass the bathrooms and exit into the stairway "You sure?" she asks secretly a little relived that her roommate wont be holding her up anyway.

"Yeah it shouldn't be long I don't want to cause problems its maybe better if we just get down and outside quick." Alaina responds feeling her bladder protest her stupid decision as she looks at the bathroom and pictures herself sitting her butt down on the toilet and letting all of her hot, pent up piss out of her.

Every step was pure torture for Alaina. Coming all of the way down form floor 8 meant a lot of steps and by floor 4 she felt a leak creep out. She stopped it quick by stopping and bending down almost into a full squat. She felt the warmness roll down her right thigh and pool around the bottom of her panties.

"Vanessa I should have went to the bathroom" she whines out

"Well, too late now come on Alaina you are kinda blocking the stairs here." Vanessa responds growing a bit impatient with her roommates super childish behavior.

Alaina looks up and sees the look of impatience and frustration in Vanessa's eyes as well as dirty looks and some giggles form other girls and she instantly grows super embarrassed. She was indeed acting stupid. She was away at school now and it was time to grow up. And growing up meant holding her pee inside of her during times like these. She not only could under no circumstances pee herself in front of her entire dorm building but she also could not openly pee dance like this. Despite her red cheeks and overfilled balloon bladder, Alaina pulled herself up and made it down the stairs and outside without any more leaks or embarrassing potty dances. She simply kept one hand in her crotch. Yes, it was still obvious she had to pee to every single girl around her but it was a lot better than any of the alternatives present to her at the moment.

...

It did not take long for Alaina to start making a fool of herself again once she and Vanessa joined the rest of her hall outside of her dorm building. She was surrounded by so many of her peers and her she was about to piss all over herself. Alaina didn't know what to do. She was bright red and sweating. She was basically marching on the spot with two hands buried into the crotch of her gray sweats that she knew very well would show any little tiny drop of pee that escaped her poor, tired, and now sweaty pussy lips. When her march stopped, she bounced around on her heels. She could barely open her eyes due mostly to embarrassment and the extreme pain she was currently in.

"Alaina seriously, get control of yourself. I have to go pee too but we will be back in soon. We all have to pee. We all just woke up." Vanessa says quietly to Alaina trying to not allow any others to hear

"Im sorry I just cant help it. Im sorry Im really trying. I think Im giving myself a UTI or something it hurts so so so bad Vanessa."

Vanessa looks at her bursting roommate. She had never seen a potty dance like this. And judging from some of the snickers and videos being taken from the girls around her, they had never either. Its true that Alaina probably had to go pee super bad considering she was drunkily whining about it to Vanessa the whole way back from the party last night. But she was drunk and all drunk people always say they have to pee all the time Vanessa thought. And Vanessa was tired last night so she told Alaina to just go to bed when they got back. In her state, Vanessa honestly did not trust Alaina to go alone but she also did not want to take her so they walked past it like they did just now on the way out of the dorm. Alaina did not speak up for herself either time so Vanessa looked at it as noone's fault but her own that she was in this situation.

"Well, i don't know what you want me to do about it. You should have went just now when I asked." Vanessa sharply replied back

"I know. I just thought this was going to be quick. Do you umm know um when we might be done with this?" Alaina asks Vanessa desperately as she turns to her biting her bottom lip and clenching her pussy tighter as a leak comes out and leaves another wet spot on her hello kitty panties. Alaina is very afraid that these leaks are soon going to start showing on her gray sweats.

"how would I know?" Vanessa asks looking annoyed

"Umm i'm sorry i was just asking"Alaina says as she looks down and just feels like an all-around pest to her roommate at this point. She then decides to both leave her annoyed roommate alone as well as get some information for herself and ask her RA how much time is left in the drill. Her RA was in control of her hall and would know. She was a junior or something though and had the blonde hair that seemed to attract the boys here. In fact, Alaina really didn't know her RA and she hated the idea of going up to her doing a pee dance like this but she had too. Another leak came out and she let out a loud moan as she had to clench every muscle in her petite body to stop it. She looked down and removed her hands to reveal a sizable wet patch on her gray sweats. This was bad.

Alaina shot off through the crowd and up to Stacy her RA. Or was her name Susan? Alaina didn't know honestly. All she could think about was keeping her pee in for another second. Then she focused on the next second. Then the next. God it hurt. Her peehole burned. Her tummy hurt. As she walked another leak came out and she felt wetness on her hands.

"Um..um excuse me." Alaina quietly says as she finally gets up to her RA who is currently engaged in a conversation with another girl Alaina does not know.

The first round doesn't even work as the RA does not hear her quiet and weak voice. She considered turning back as this was simply too embarrassing with the added pressure of having to say this in front of another girl but her bladder was honestly feeling really weird due to its fullness and Alaina was seriously worried about causing herself health problems because it hurt her that much. With her legs twisted into a knot and her hands still buried deep into her poor crotch Alaina asked once again and spoke up this time.

"Excuse me, how much longer until we can go inside? I umm was just wondering because this is my first fire drill here" Alaina asks now bending down at the knees as even her butt cheeks quiver and sweat with the strain of holding all of this in.

The older RA turns around to see this little freshmen obviously on the verge of peeing herself. The freshmen literally has tears forming in her eyes.

"Umm well the fire department still has to show up and give us the all clear. Are you ok though?' she asks

Alaina looks up pitifully. "I actually just really really need a bathroom. I um didn't go this morning after the fire alarm woke me up. I thought I didn't have enough time to go." Alaina says now resorting to going to a full squat. Her pussy is quivering and letting out uncontrollable little squirts of urine. No matter how hard Alaina grasps it, it keeps letting pee out. Her bladder keeps feeling like its going to overflow out of her. She was trying to stop these tears from coming out of her eyes but she couldn't. She had to go pee so bad and everything hurt her little body. She honestly didn't think her bladder was big enough for her to ever have to pee this badly.

"Oh i see. Well I have to pee too but we have to wait until the all clear is given. It will be soon after they get here ok?" the RA says

Alaina's heart sank having been told she would need to wait longer.

"I really cant hold it, it like hurts really bad. Please is there anything we can work out please please please." Alaina pleads with the older girl giving her the puppy dog eyes that always worked on her father when she wanted something a little more simple than a potty when she was about to piss herself in front of 100s of her peers only weeks since starting college.

"Im sorry but theres nothing I can do right now its not up to me. Im just here to watch over you guys. I have to pee too just hang in there ok?" she says feeling a little pity for this poor red-faced and whining girl begging her for a bathroom like some first grader stuck in class.

"Ok" was all Alaina could say feeling her shyness creep over her. She's already made a total fool of herself and she just wants to hide away. She turns away and starts to walk back towards Vanessa. She just wants to go away and not be seen by anybody. She cant even hold her pee right. Why did she pass up on the bathroom twice this morning already? Why did she let Vanessa's impatience get to her enough to stop her form visiting the little girl's room before she found herself out here? Why couldn't she hold her pee in like a girl her age was supposed to.

She started to totally panic as another leak escaped her pussy lips. She sees Vanessa back at their spot crossing her legs. Maybe Vanessa did need to go after all. But that thought does not help Alaina at all as this leak doesn't stop. There is a steady pee stream finding its way down her leg now as she feels is hit her sock and pool in her shoe. Her pussy is now like a leaky faucet as she desperately grabs at it as if that will do anything.

Alaina's heart is beating out of her chest and her breaths are wild. She is having a full-on panic attack as she bends down now with her ass barely above the dirt ground as the steady stream opens up into a full torrent. Tears fall from Alaina's eyes as she cant stop what she is doing. The crowd around her that was amused by her predicament mere seconds ago now is disgusted by it as they scatter to move out of the way. Many girls scream about not wanting pee on their shoes. Alaina keeps her eyes closed and stays in her own little world of relief. She already feels her panties soaking wet as the wetness spreads all over her butt and then covering her hips.

Her hands are soaked but she keeps them in her crotch as she stupidly thinks it hides some of the accident. Piss rolls between her butt cheeks and then absorbs through both her soaked hello kitty panties and now very dark gray sweats causing a steady stream of dark yellow piss to fall from her onto the dirt below causing a splattering noise. Alaina feels everything she has worked for up to this point slip away because now she will forever be known as the girl who peed herself during a fire drill at college. Her heart beat speeds up even more and her sobbing grows ever more intense. The relief she feels is severely overshadowed by her embarrassment and utter disappointment in herself. This is definitely a morning that will follow Alaina for quite some time.

