Kneading Knight

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-02-05 23:00

Knight woke early as was his usual routine. Starting work at 5:30am in the supermarket bakery he had little choice but to. However today he needed a little extra time to get ready. Having been through a thorough and rigorous interview stage Knight had been chosen to represent the company on their social media accounts in adverts for their own make of fresh bread. Knight was excited.

He walked the mile to work in the dark and cold, clocked in and changed into his bakery gear. The film crew were already setting up and Knight was fitted with a microphone and extra lights were set up.

Knight was to be filmed as if it was a typical shift as he made bread of all different types and prepared them for sale. Knight had been chosen for his character, his baking ability, his outstanding cleanliness and his physique. Dark skinned, lean, with jet black silky hair he was lovely to look at as well as being great at baking. At just 25 he also had the youth appeal that the company strived for on social media.

Knight washed his hands and took a drink of water as the heat from the extra lighting made him warm already. He’d already had a large cup of coffee before leaving home with his breakfast. He prepared the water and yeast beating it until it bubbled and placed some flour on the work surface which was spotlessly clean.

‘Stop. Let’s take some still pictures before you go on Knight. This is so perfect and will really promote the image we want. Just pause and stay exactly as you are.’

Knight paused, bemused at the sudden interest in all things bread but excited at the prospect of being on show.

‘Right, as you were again’

Knight stopped to drink some more water. He’d never felt so warm in the open plan kitchen as he was today. He proceeded to pour more flour onto the surface of the worktop in ten identical circular piles. It was standard to make ten loaves at once followed immediately by ten others until the correct amount was ready for sale before cleaning up and starting on the next type of bread. With ten piles of flour all in circles neatly Knight checked each one before having another beat of the large mixture of yeast and water.

It was while beating the water mixture that Knight felt his first twinge. He ignored it and walked to the first batch of flour, pouring an exact amount of mixture and mixing with a fork until it formed a slightly sticky dough. He placed the fork in the sink and began kneading.

Another twinge. He was too busy for such things right now but this one lingered a little longer and Knight moved from foot to foot briefly whilst kneading. Each loaf took ten minutes to knead and with nine more still to do Knight quickly calculated that he had 90 minutes before he could use the bathroom as the bread needed to be ready for 9am for the morning rush. Thankfully a colleague was already nearby working on the other products like pancakes, morning rolls, cakes and hot cross buns. With the oven already on and the extra lighting Knight was beginning to sweat. He placed the first kneaded dough in the fridge to settle and moved into the next.

Pouring more water and yeast mixture set off Knight’s bladder again and another twinge hit.

‘You ok to film this Knight? This is great stuff mate. Keep it up.’

Knight smiled and before beginning kneading the second dough he drank some more water. He kneaded the dough moving a little more than he did with the first one. Inwardly he cursed his bladder for filling so fast as finally the second dough was ready to be put in the fridge.

Once again Knight washed his hands, the running water aggravating his growing need to pee.

By the fifth dough Knight was really aware that he could do with a toilet break. However, not only was he being filmed but he had a time limit on the task which needed complete. The ovens were already on to warm and Knight had to get the bread in to bake soon. He kneaded at the bread imagining he was kneading somewhere altogether more personal as his legs moved behind the worktop and his toes curled trying to hold back his bladder.

‘Fantastic stuff. Knight you are outstanding at kneading, my man. You do it with such passion and intensity like your life depends on it. Absolutely brilliant! Keep it up.’

Knight WAS needing like his life depended on it as his bladder filled more and more and his penis ached to be pressed or squeezed or even better whipped out of its enclosure in his clothes and free to explode.

Another hand wash and this time Knight was really struggling to remain composed. He was jiggling his legs as the warm running water over his hands send strong urges from his bladder for release.

Still he had kneading to complete.

He dried his hands and poured the water and yeast mixture onto the sixth lot of flour. Leaning on the worktop Knight squeezed his upper legs together and leaned forward. He’d never had to go as much in a shift as he did now, but then again he always went right before his shift started and with all the preparation for filming he had completely forgotten this morning. Now he was definitely regretting that.

Knight kneaded with his teeth clenched and sweat on his forehead. He pressed the dough against the worktop with both hands and rubbed, squeezed and massaged it in every direction as he rubbed his own crotch as discreetly as possible against the worktop out of sight.

‘You’re a master at this. It’s like you knead with every single part of your body. It’s incredible to watch. The way you move, almost dance as you knead that dough...sublime mate. This will be world class I can feel it. It’ll go viral!’

Knight had almost forgotten about the cameras as his own bodily needs intensified continually. He was bursting for release now, barely able to stand still, sweating and very uncomfortable and rather nervous he might not be able to hold off until all the bread was in the oven. But he had to. He just HAD to somehow hold.

Knight wanted to scream as he washed his hands yet again. He bent one leg behind him and muttered ‘oh God’ to himself. This was something else. He longed to run to the loo and relax but that wasn’t an option. Neither was pissing himself though, and as he dried his hands on the towel he couldn’t stop himself having a quick grab at his throbbing penis which was now half erect and moving now and again of it’s own doing as it tried in vain not to release.

Three more doughs. Just half an hour or so to go. Knight bit his lip and poured the water and yeast mixture into the pre arranged flour. He hopped on one leg as he did so almost losing his balance.

‘Knight you ok?’

‘Em...do you need to keep filming still? I’m almost finished then these go in the oven. It’s the exact same as I have done so far if you feel you have enough?’

Knight longed for the cameras to be shut off. He was so close to wetting himself and feared this might end up on film. He couldn’t stand still at all now moving around with his legs non stop as he wiggled and squirmed as he kneaded dough number 7.

‘What do you think Stu? You got enough of the kneading yet?’

‘Absolutely not! I could watch this stuff forever. It’s captivating, drawing, almost addictive..and it’s got a strange sort of sexual feel about it somehow too. I actually had no idea this would be so...entertaining? It’s like the longer he does this the more...intense...gratifying even it gets. I’m going to keep going right to the end Knight. You are going to have fans all over the place with this stuff. I guarantee you that!’

‘Well Stu knows his stuff Knight so you just keep on with whatever you are doing. It’s obviously exactly what everyone wants.’

Knight wanted to cry. In fact his eyes filled with tears regardless as his whole body fought to keep his bladder at bay. How could people actually enjoy watching anyone kneading he wasn’t sure but he absolutely needed very badly to use the toilet and he was certain if he didn’t go soon his body would just go regardless.

Just two doughs now. He could do this.

He tensed his entire body as he washed his hands quickly. Filming or not he had to do whatever it took now to prevent an accident. He poured the penultimate mixture onto the flour and began forking it together. A sudden and very strong urge hit and Knight pressed the dough hard against the worktop with both hands as if pressing his own dick. He pulled at the dough and pressed right again working the dough between his hands exactly as he longed to work his own testicles and penis, all the time his crotch pressing against the worktop and circling and pounding as if he was with his wife, his penis getting more erect and longing as he did so.

Losing himself in the moment as another strong urge pounded Knight bent forward and leaned heavily on the counter as he tensed his whole lower body in an attempt to keep his piss inside.

Knight moaned softly as his hands continued kneading the dough while his lower body pulsated in urgency.

‘It’s like you are in a whole different universe Knight. Like you have transported yourself somewhere and every fibre in your body feels and responds to your kneading. It’s making my hairs stand up it’s so good. What’s your secret?’

‘Mmm. Grrr. Ahhh’

‘See what I mean Alex. We absolutely couldn’t have missed this. He just gets better and better the longer he’s kneading! Are you watching this?’

Knight put the ninth dough in the fridge and washed his hands, this time aware his body was starting to really struggle as a few drips leaked out his aching anatomy between his legs. Thank goodness for his underwear, work trousers and bakery apron which between then should conceal the urine that he had felt leak out the tip of his manhood.

But Knight was determined. One last dough and then he could run off to the lavatory before filling the ovens. Ten more minutes.

Knight raced over to the final dough clumsily pressing his thighs tight together. He curled his toes, tightened his muscles and bounced on the heel of his feet as he twisted his body and screamed at it internally to hold on just a bit longer. He could hardly look as he poured the last of the water and yeast mix onto the flour and forked it together. Twisting his legs, bouncing up and down and swaying from side to side he placed the fork aside and put the sticky dough in his hands as the cameras continued to roll.

Knight rolled it into a loose sausage shape then caressed the dough up and down then holding it in one hand he let the dough relax and flop and land on the table loosely as his own anatomy of the same shape shook inside his underwear ready to explode with warm urine. Knight pressed his thighs against the worktop in a last ditch attempt to stop himself pissing ferociously. His heart was beating fast, his forehead swearing, his mouth clenched and even his buttocks tensed while his hands worked the dough from hand to hand despite his hands sweating intensely. Knight moaned softly as he massaged the dough for the final time.

Suddenly he went stiff and slipped a hand under the work top to grab between his leg. As he did so he could feel a spurt pushing out of his dick despite every ounce of his concentration trying to prevent it. He dropped the dough in a dish and hobbled to the fridge, quickly placing it there then rushing off without even saying t8 the crew where he was going.

Off camera Knight grabbed himself openly bending forwards as he pushed the double doors with his head and aimed for the nearest bathroom. He’d never in his life had to piss so bloody badly and he wasn’t sure he’d even make it.

Knight pushed the toilet door open with tears in his eyes and an aching bladder that pushed against the tied apron around him. Knight had no time to lock the door as he pulled the apron aside, unzipped his trousers fly, fished out his damp and weary dick from his boxers and held it over the toilet. Immediately a rush of warm fast urine soared out of him splashing loudly and foaming in the toilet beneath him. Knight pissed then pissed some more. He couldn’t stop even if he tried as a lone tear dropped down his dark face wetting his sweaty back hair as it did so.

‘Good God Almighty that was close!’

Flushing and tucking himself back in Knight could feel his underwear very damp and warm but his trousers only showed a small amount of wetness covered well by his apron.

He washed his hands again and headed back to fill the ovens.

The crew filmed some bread rising, being sliced and package and even being picked from the shelves. A week later the short film was released across the whole social media company network. Within days, as predicted it went viral. Knight was even invited onto day time TV where the talking point was his unique and sexy way of kneading. Knight was too embarrassed to admit what his secret was or why he moved the way he did when being filmed. One night days later in the comfort of his own home he browsed Facebook and saw a clip with the title ‘supermarket baker desperate to piss whilst kneading bread’. It was liked 71.3 million times and shared worldwide. Knight read the comments laughing ‘we’ve all been there!’

‘He looks pretty bursting to me!’

‘Wonder if he made it?’

Knight thought about replying but he needed to do something first. He was rocking on the couch about to piss himself having had one too many beers but wanted to watch himself first before he went. Thank goodness the advert was just a few minutes long. He didn’t think he’d last otherwise!

