Money for holding!

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-10-21 14:03

A fiction and imagination about a fetish.

All of the boys and girls in that story are adults and over 18 years.

A young man loves it when girls need to wee but don’t go, or can’t go for different circumstances.

He had some experience where girls were desperate, but there are not many opportunities to see that in the common life.

He did read some books, especially sadomasochistic books, where girls made to hold their pee, but common they wrote in this books about lashing, caning and about bondage.

Sometimes, very rarely they wrote about a “master” who banned his girl to go to the toilet and made her hold her urine for long periods of time.

The Dom was doing it for his own pleasure, or for punishing the girl for doing something wrong.

Mostly are the girls masochist and like it to get dominated and tortured this way.

Once was the man for business in a European city, which was famous for all kinds of sex.

There were a lot of bordellos and sex clubs, sadomasochistic clubs as well, but he didn’t really want to visit one of those clubs.

He heard from a friend that there is a agency where you can rent girls for special sex services.

He called at the agency and asked for a girl for one night.

She should be young, but she must quite certain be over 18. She should be very slim and at the very special, she had to have a very large and very strong bladder.

They told him that they have a lot of girls from slim to thin until to skinny and they told him that he would have pay for the girls large bladder extra money.

He agreed and was waiting for the girl next day, early evening at the hotel bar.

The girl arrived on time. She was pretty and very slim, like he wanted the girls.

Her dress was pretty short and her sexy, slender legs were bare.

She was so slim that he thought about where the girl could have a large bladder in that thin abdomen.

The girl was already sitting vis a’ vis of him.

Her short dress was so far up on her sexy thighs that he could see her white panties, between her spread thighs.

The hussy wanted to turn him on that way and he was already horny about her and about the imagination to see that sexy legs knotted when the girl was needing to piss so really, really bad.

A little later, as they had their second drink, was the girl sitting with her legs tight crossed.

She smiled at him and said “i am already needing to pee very, very badly!! Can we go to your room for to play our game?”

The man was surprised and asked “what kind of game?”

”I think you want to watch me piss?” asked the girl.

”No, that must be a misunderstanding.” answered the guy.

”What else? Do you want, would you like that i wee over you? I was told to hold my pee and to let my bladder get full before we meet and my bladder is now very, very full!” said the girl.

”Oh yes!!!! That is it what i love, i love it that your bladder is very full and that you need to piss very bad. And i love it that you will hold it for me.” explained the man.

”Oh my gosh, i can’t hold it much longer, i have not weed since early morning, because i wanted to be full for you to let you watch a very powerful, long piss. I have to go now, i can’t wait much longer.” said the girl.

The guy was absolutely aroused and horny about that situation and said “ you can wait and you will wait! That was the deal.”

(continue)

*001*2024-10-24 22:13

The girl was nice, she was likable, he didn’t want to be rude to her.

The guy is not a sadist, he absolutely didn’t want to do someone harm and least of all not this pretty tender looking girl, but on the other hand he always dreamed about to see girls desperate to pee.

The imagination that a girl who is needing to wee suppress her urge with all her power as long as she can, turns him on very, very much.

He always wanted to see a girl holding her wee back in her bursting full bladder until she absolutely can’t no longer.

And this girl on the bar chair vis a’ vis of him, was needing to wee already very badly.

Will she be willing to hold it for him? Will she show him how long she can endure not to pee? he asked himself.

They were sitting already one hour at the bar and had their second drink.

The girl had her super slim legs crossed and her sexy, naked thighs squeezed hard together.

To see that and to know why she did that, was turning him on very much.

” Girl you looks so great. Your body is a dream for someone like me, who loves very slim and skinny girls.

I am sorry about that misunderstanding, it seems to me that you poor really need to wee pretty badly, but for me went nothing wrong because that is exactly what i love so much!

Tel me how urgently is it?“asked the man full of lust and horniness.

”There went everything wrong’l said the girl.

”I have got told from the agency that i should have my bladder full for our meeting and therefore i have not weed the entire day, not since my morning pee.

I thought that you would like to see me piss a strong, powerful jet , or that you would like if i piss a mega amount of hot urine over you, but i thought that we will do that as soon as we meet, or just a little later.

I was needing to wee already very urgently at afternoon and now i had two drinks, my bladder is full to burst and you want not let me go to the bathroom.

I can’t bear up that for much longer.” answered the girl.

„Sure you can, you are a healthy young girl.

Primary i had scheduled that we go first for a dinner and then in my room for to sleep.

You wouldn’t used the toilet before sleeping and then when you bladder would be so very , very full next morning, then i wanted to have sex with you.“ explained the man.

“That will be absolutely impossible and unbearable for me!! Either I will piss in your bed during the night, or my bladder would explode inside my belly.“ said the girl worried.

”I didn’t know that you would be such a good girl who doesn’t wee during the entire day. I agree that you can’t stand it not to wee until tomorrow morning, we have to change our schedule.

We take a bottle champagne to our room and stay there for some hours and then we go for a late night dinner.” said the guy.

”For some hours!!!??? You mean we spend some hours in your room and you don’t let me go to the bathroom, you make me drink champagne, but i am not allowed to wee!! Is it that what you want? “ asked the girl.

”You not just a pretty girl and not just a good girl, you are a clever girl as well. You are right, that is it exactly what i want to do with you.” said the man and smiled.

As soon as they had finished their drinks, they went to the guy’s hotel room.

During the time when the man was searching his keycard was the girl standing with tight knotted legs.

“I need to pee sooo badly.“ said the girl.

“I know it and i love it.“ said the guy.

As soon as they were inside the room, pressed the girl one hand between her thighs and was swatting down for some seconds.

She looked up to the man with begging eyes and said „i have to piss so bad, let me go please.“

“You look so sexy when you are needing to wee so urgently, you turning me on so much, hold it for me, it will not be your detriment.“ he was begging.

He gave her both hands and leads her to the bed.

Then he stripped her dress. She didn’t wear a bra, she was standing in front of him totally naked except to her little panties.

The fabric of her panties was pushed in her slit between her super slim thighs. Maybe she pressed it inside her slit to lock her pee hole when she was squatting at the door.

Her breasts were small, but very well shaped and firm and her belly was visible swollen from her overfilled bladder.

Her body was a dream for someone who loves very slim girls.

The guy opened the champagne bottle and offered her a glass and said „cheers!“

She was standing with her legs tight knotted and said „you will kill my bladder if you make me drink even more and don’t let me pee.“

After the second glass he laid her on the bed and pressed his body hard against her body. He pressed especially there where her bladder was bulging out of her thin belly.

“I‘ll piss in your bed if you don’t stop to torture my bladder so bad.“ she said and was shaking with all her body.

One hour later was the bottle empty and the girls bladder full to explode.

Her bladder was hard as a rock and was bulging up until her belly button.

She was again begging for a much needed pee and for let her go to the bathroom.

“First sex, then piss.“said the guy and started to fuck her.

They fucked like animals , the girl cried from horniness and from needing to pee so unbelievably bad.

After they were both „ready „, they went to the shower.

The girl was allowed to piss now and she pissed so powerful and so long, that is was not to believe where that girl could store all that amount of urine in her skinny body.

It was so exciting and arousing for the guy to see how she pissed her bulging piss balloon empty, it was so hot to see how her swollen belly was getting more and more flat.

They went back to the bed for to rest for a little while, before they went for a dinner.

The girls thin belly was now curved inside between her pregnant hipbones.

The guy caressed her belly and said „where is your sexy bladder gone?“

The girl smiled and said „ never before in my life was my bladder so full, never before in my life i needed to pee so badly and so urgently, never before in my life i had sex with my bladder so full, but i had never before such a great sex, it was absolutely the best sex i ever had.“

„You and this night was like a dream for me, but I’ll coming back for business in one month, then we can dream this dream again!“ said the man.

