The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 11

Author: Mbgpeelover

&&

*254*2023-10-31 19:51

Ellen in a rush

It was clear to Ellen that Daniel was getting worked up as she stood holding her mug of tea in her hands as he scrolled through his emails determinedly. Opening up the minutes from a recent meeting Ellen scanned the words on the screen as Daniel slowly scrolled the page down. Just as they both feared it was clear they had trusted Keith and taken him at his word when he’d promised to sort so many things out. Looking at the bottom of the minutes under ‘agreed actions’ the list seemed ridiculous and overwhelming as Ellen sipped her tea struggling to take in the enormity of the tasks they faced.

Suddenly remembering the caretaker position she casually mentioned it to Daniel as he took a sip of his coffee and opened another tab, this time googling the job vacancy and pulling it up in the blink of an eye. Placing her tea down on the desk Ellen decided she’d be better with a chair as she pulled the nearest one over and sat down, crossing her legs tightly subconsciously. Hyper focussed on what was on Daniel’s laptop screen Ellen read silently as Daniel appeared shocked and angry the more they read. The job description, which had only went live the day before, was a prime example of delegation with Keith palming off his own responsibilities to some poor unsuspecting applicant who knew no different.

Drinking more tea to distract herself as she read Ellen shook her head between statements struggling to find words to adequately express her feelings. In one sense she was horrified that anyone could be so unprofessional and obvious in what they had done, but on the other as she read point after point and duty after duty it began feeling like she was reading her own job contract as the reality of what she had achieved in the last year began to dawn on her. Mentioning this to her colleague and boyfriend in conversation her eyes darted to the wage at the top of the page. Obviously reading her own thoughts Daniel remarked that the wage didn’t even include the flat and that that would be over and above the annual salary.

Still getting her head around this Ellen muttered the wage under her breath in shock when Daniel looked right at her, openly and easily complimenting her on all she’d accomplished in the last 12 months. Flushed, and unused to hearing such positive and lovely comments, Ellen rebuffed it in her usual manner as her closeness and fondness for Daniel distracted her from the stress of what they were facing. Caught up entirely in the moment Ellen turned suddenly as she heard her name being called by a familiar voice.

Aran was red faced, anxious looking, but glad to see her. Expecting an update on work related matters, or perhaps a question he required answering, Ellen drank the remains of her tea as Aran quickly told her what he needed her for. Having to quickly process yet another sudden change of plan on hearing that Diana had yet again been admitted to hospital Ellen switched to practical mode instantly as she dialled Yeva for an update. Trying to ignore the fact that her body was signalling strongly that she needed a wee Ellen chatted to Yeva to get an update on Diana as Daniel tapped his watch right in her eye line to remind her that she’d agreed to pick up Mykhaila and Katya from school. Ending the call quickly Ellen leaned over to her desk for her coat and bag as Daniel looked at her curiously.

“Will you make it on time?”

“I’ll need to take the car. The school’s about 25 minutes walk away but only about 10 minutes in the car, as long as the traffic isn’t too bad. I need to run but I’ll be back as soon as I can. See you in a bit.”

Caught up in the urgency of making it to the school on time Ellen rushed towards the exit of the ship, down the gantry and straight to her car, only remembering that she should have went to the toilet before she left as she pulled out the car park and onto Renfrew Road. Praying the traffic kept flowing and all the lights would be in her favour she did her best to ignore her pressing need as her mind focussed on getting to Pirie Park Primary in time for 3pm.

Parking in the last available space in the car park Ellen locked her car and walked towards the main entrance to wait with the thrall of parents, grandparents and carers all there for the same reason. Bobbing from foot to foot hoping no one was watching Ellen waited anxiously for the school bell to go hoping Mykhaila wouldn’t be too distressed about her mum and looking forward to getting back to the cruise ship so she could finally use the toilet. Forgetting just how chaotic and crazy it was when hundreds of children poured out of the school building in search of various adults Ellen looked nervously around for any sign of Katya or Mykhaila. Struggling to stay still with the cold air really intensifying her need Ellen was even contemplating asking a member of school staff if she could use the school toilets when she saw young Katya standing in the playground looking lost.

Very aware that an older woman, who she assumed was a teacher, was watching her Ellen walked into the school grounds towards the child smiling and calling Katya’s name. Looking all around for any sign of Mykhaila Ellen spotted a younger woman in her thirties holding a child’s hand as she walked towards the older woman. Recognising Mykhaila Ellen called her name too as both girls ran towards her as she bend down to greet them both just as the two school ladies headed right towards her. Showing her ID on her lanyard around her neck Mykhaila came to Ellen’s rescue as she told the woman who she was and Ellen informed the staff of Diana’s hospital admission putting her arm around the girls to reassure them both.

With the staff satisfied that the children were in safe hands Ellen walked them both hand in hand to the car park which was already half empty. Securing them in and putting their bags and packed lunch boxes in the front footwell she started the car and headed back to the boat chatting away to the girls to distract herself from how badly she now needed to wee.

*256*2023-11-03 00:37

Daniel can’t take his eyes off Ellen

Watching as Ellen rushed towards the exit of the ship Daniel stared at the back of her body thinking thoughts he probably shouldn’t have in public. Just knowing she was clearly needing to pee but under time pressure to get to a school in time to pick up children he wondered if she’d risk being late and use the ladies by the main lifts on the way out or head straight to the school and hold on. The not knowing which she’d choose intrigued him greatly but more than that it turned him on, especially thinking of Ellen doing the latter of his thoughts.

No longer able to see her he distracted his mind and body by getting back to work, double checking everything that Keith had agreed to do to make sure it was done after the fiasco with the food bank and starter kits. Making numerous phone calls and sending emails all over the place Daniel started to realise that his earlier coffee had clearly reached his bladder and added to the numerous other drinks he’d had that day. He wasn’t bursting yet but there was a desire there, nothing he couldn’t ignore for now though, just as he always did at work.

In the middle of yet another phone call, this time to Dundee city’s health and social care partnership, Daniel heard Ellen and the girls before he saw them. Trying to stay focussed on his call while he heard voices approaching singing the days of the week in French he looked up smiling as Ellen walked towards him. Pointing to his mobile to alert her to the fact he was on a call he was grateful that Ellen understood and quietened the girls singing down to a whisper. Giving Ellen a thumbs up he couldn’t help but notice that she appeared restless and bouncy as his thoughts immediately turned back to the fact it appeared she still hadn’t had time to pee yet. Continuing the important conversation he watched as Ellen escorted the girls towards the canteen, presumably getting them both a snack and a drink.

With the call ended he shut down his laptop lid and went to find Ellen. Heading towards the large canteen area he looked all around in the hope of seeing either of the young girls or his girlfriend. Finally seeing them he walked over towards them seeing Ellen placing a tray on a table with the two children sitting down ready beside each other. Watching from behind as Ellen placed the tray down he couldn’t help but ogle at her large attractive bottom which seemed to be wriggling from side to side as her legs bounced around madly. Catching up to her he tapped Ellen lightly on the shoulder causing her to startle and move around even more frantically.

“Hey! It’s nice to see you back. Was that French I could hear you all signing there? Let me guess…was it the colours of the rainbow?”

Winking at Ellen Daniel heard the girls giggle as Katya corrected him, boldly informing him it was the days of the week and that they’d sung it in assembly. About to ask the girls more about school Daniel felt Ellen grab his arm in hers as she leaned closer to him to say something quietly.

“Any chance you could watch the girls for me for a minute? I really need the loo.”

Checking the girls weren’t watching Daniel moved his hand to Ellen’s bottom giving it a little squeeze, feeling himself more and more attracted to Ellen by the minute.

“I really need to deal with something urgently and I’m waiting on an important call back…that was Jarrod at the Dundee health and social care partnership I was talking to when you came in. He’s been working with Keith Bryan for a few years now. He didn’t seem all that shocked that the food bank and starter goods charities hadn’t been told about the early arrivals. He has a list of charities and organisations he suspects Keith will have been working with so he’s making a few calls and getting back to me any minute. It all needs sorted before close of business today Ellen. I can’t have anyone moving tomorrow if things aren’t all in place.”

Biting her lip and looking anxious Ellen’s eyes met Daniel’s as he predicted exactly what she would say.

“I know and I understand. I really do. Unfortunately this is rather urgent now too and I will only be a few minutes. Girls, you’ll be ok here for a couple of minutes won’t you? I promise I’ll be right back.”

“Where are you going Ellen? Is it about my mum? I don’t want you to go!”

Watching curiously as Ellen bent down to Mykhaila’s level, leaning on the table with her legs tightly crossed, Daniel felt his penis growing as he listened to Ellen’s reply.

“I promise I’ll be right back. It’s not about your mum sweetheart. I just need to nip to the toilet that’s all.”

Expecting Ellen to rush away Daniel couldn’t believe it when Katya fidgeted in the seat and looked right at Ellen.

“Oh I need to pee too! Can I come with you? Please!”

“I don’t want to stay on my own.”

“Come on girls. Let’s all go then. We can come back and finish our snacks afterwards.”

Having admitted her need Daniel was convinced that Ellen was fidgeting and squirming even more obviously now as he thought back to over half an hour ago when Ellen mentioned she first had to go. Since then she’d had to drive to a school, wait and pick up both girls, drive them back, get them snacks and now wait on them sliding out their seats so that they could come with her to the toilet. Just thinking how desperate his girlfriend must be he couldn’t take his eyes off her as her every wiggle and movement entranced him and aroused him greatly. Realising he’d better head back to his desk to hide what was going on in his trousers he couldn’t help but overhear Katya as the three females headed in the direction of the lifts.

“Mummy said I shouldn’t use the toilets at the lifts. I don’t like those ones Ellen. The hand dryers scare me. I want to use the one in my room with mummy. She told me that hand dryer is switched off so I don’t t need to be scared.”

“Your mum is at work though Katya. She’s not going to be back for over an hour honey. It will be ok. The hand dryers don’t hurt you. Do the toilets at school not have hand dryers? Surely you use those ok?”

Following from a safe distance because he just had to know what Ellen planned to do Daniel recognised Mykhaila’s voice as she defended her friend.

“We have paper towels at school.”

“You must have used other toilets with hand dryers though? Can you cover your ears maybe?”

Pretending he was on his phone Daniel kept out of sight as he watched Katya stop dead making Ellen stop and turn to look at her.

“I want to wait for my mum getting back.”

“ I thought you needed to go?”

“I’ll just hold it in.”

Sounding more frustrated than he’d ever recalled hearing her Daniel listened and watched as Ellen bent forward slipping a hand between her leg.

“Ok. Can you wait here with Mykhaila then for a minute? I can’t wait until your mum comes back unfortunately. I’m desperate.”

Not waiting for a reply from the girl Ellen turned to hurry to the lifts and the ladies loos when Daniel watched Mykhaila run up to her and stop right in front of her.

“Why don’t we go to my cabin? My mum gave me a key and then Katya can go too. They’ll be no one there to put the hand dryer on then.”

“Ok. But we need to go right away. Where’s the key to your cabin?”

“It’s in my bag. You left the bags at the table. Will I go get them?”

“Yes! Go quick! Get Katya to help you too. I’ll wait at the doors of the canteen. You definitely have a key though don’t you?”

The girl nodded as Daniel hastily returned to his desk aware that he could see the entrance to the canteen from where he sat. Anxious not to be seen by either of the girls he flipped his laptop open as he saw the girls walking towards the canteen as Ellen wiggled and waddled behind them obviously struggling with the added extra wait. Slipping a hand under his desk to hide his erection Daniel let his mind run away with him as he thought about Ellen’s knickers wondering if she had perhaps leaked yet and thinking how wet and throbbing her vagina must be with her bladder urgently screaming for release.

*257*2023-11-05 01:04

The girls keep delaying Ellen

Asking the girls about their day at school to keep her mind away from her bladder Ellen listened as they spoke about starting to learn times tables, getting new reading books and who they played with at playtime. Then as she stopped at a traffic light, wriggling in the driver’s seat, Katya suddenly asked Mykhaila if she remembered the new song they’d sang in assembly that morning. Smiling to herself as the girls sang the days of the week in French Ellen couldn’t help but join in as the catchy tune and easy words helped take her mind off how desperate she was for a wee.

Finally pulling into the port car park Ellen had plans of going straight to Daniel in the hope he could watch the girls for a few minutes so she could use the ladies. Unstrapping the girls from the back and grabbing their bags from the front footwell the three of them headed up the gangway of the huge cruise ship where Ellen signed them all in and lead the girls, as they all started signing again, towards her work area hoping Daniel would be there. Seeing his familiar grey suit Ellen almost sighed at the impending relief she would soon feel as she walked quickly over to the desk, only noticing Daniel was on a phone call as she reached the work station. Signalling to the girls to quieten down Ellen bent down to their height with a finger over her lips as Mykhaila finished singing quietly and whispered asking if she could have a drink.

Giving Daniel a quick thumbs up she dearly hoped he might see where they were going as she guided the girls and all their bags in the direction of the canteen picking up a clean tray and sliding it along the counter as she went. Trying her hardest not to show her young charges how bursting she was Ellen walked briskly along the self service counter putting two cartons of juice and some fruit on the tray. Letting the girls choose a table she followed them biting her lip with the pressure in her body. Feeling like she was about to leak Ellen placed the tray down quickly and bent forward, tensing her legs and back and pressing her thighs together tightly to try and keep things at bay. Feeling responsible for the girls Ellen debated to herself about leaving then with their snacks just for a few minutes so she could rush to the ladies concerned she might actually have an accident if she didn’t go very soon.

Bobbing up and down on her heels about to inform the girls that she’d be back in a few minutes Ellen jerked in shock as she felt a hand tapping her on the shoulder. Turning to see Daniel she wanted to hug him thinking that he was her saviour who could stay with the girls so she could pee. Waiting, not very patiently, while he chatted to the girls Ellen knew she couldn’t wait much longer as she grabbed Daniel’s arm and whispered quietly to him begging him to stay with Katya and Mykhaila for just a few minutes. Looking him right in the eye as she squeezed her muscles tighter than ever Ellen’s heart sank as Daniel began listing why he couldn’t look after the children even for a few minutes.

Deciding she couldn’t actually take no for an answer Ellen announced to the girls that she’d be right back hoping they wouldn’t mind staying where they were. Of course young Mykhaila assumed Ellen’s sudden need to leave was all about her mum making Ellen feel guilty and upset. Reassuring the young child that in fact she was only going to the toilet Ellen felt the pressure in her bladder intensify as she could no longer hide her desperate state from either the girls or Daniel. 

About to turn and run Ellen turned back just as Katya squirmed in her seat as she sheepishly asked to come too. No longer caring who came with her as long as she could finally get to wee Ellen nodded at the girl to come with her. Longing to press a hand between her legs for added pressure Ellen shook a leg frantically as she waited for Katya to slide out past her friend. Reaching for the girl’s hand to speed her up before she wet herself Ellen turned ready to run to the loo when Mykhaila’s anxiety reared again as she whined about not wanting to stay herself. Quickly waving at her to come too Ellen’s eyes caught Daniel’s as she sighed quietly in frustration.

Walking quickly in the direction of the entrance to the nearest toilets by the lifts Ellen was aware of both girls near her, though their speed was much slower than hers. Turning to hurry them both up Katya suddenly stopped dead looking at the carpet nervously. Muttering quietly something about hating hand dryers and not liking the toilets by the lift Ellen felt like screaming as the pressure in her bladder was relentless and overpowering. Jiggling around desperately she walked towards the timid girl suggesting they both just wait outside while she went. Seeing how terrified Katya was at this thought Ellen was almost at the end of her rope as she suggested anything she could just so that she could get to pee.

With the girl still shaking her head it was young Mykhaila who came to the rescue suggesting they could use the private toilet in her cabin. Sweating, but glad to at least see an end to her pain and struggle at last, Ellen agreed as she begged the girls to hurry back to where they were sitting in the canteen to get their bags and the key to Mykhaila’s cabin. Leaning on the wall at the entrance to the canteen Ellen crossed her legs and squirmed like crazy dreading the thought that some of her colleagues might see her looking so unprofessional. Watching the girls avidly she waved them to hurry as they walked towards her with their backpacks and lunch boxes in their hands.

Leading the way to the Kravchenco’s cabin at the end of a corridor on the starboard side of the ship Ellen was relieved to get out of the main public areas and away from anyone who might see her pee dancing. Reaching the right cabin she turned to Mykhaila for the key as the little girl dropped her bag to the carpet and began unzipping sections slowly. Pushing a hand to her upper leg Ellen squeezed her thigh desperately as she moaned under her breath. Still trying to remain dignified and adult in front of the girls Ellen struggled quietly against the wall as she heard Katya dancing around. Looking at her to check she was ok she heard the child moaning as she suddenly grabbed between her legs.

“I really need a pee”

Bending forwards feeling a dribble escaping from her tightly clenched muscles Ellen felt her eyes water as she watched Mykhaila finally pull a key from her bag.

Letting the girl put the key in the lock and turn it every second feet like hours to Ellen as finally the child pushed the cabin door open smiling at Ellen proudly. Bending down to pick up the children’s bags Ellen squeezed past Mykhaila as she held the door open as Katya danced in in front of her. Dumping the bags on the floor Ellen matched towards the en-suite with her hand on the handle as Katya danced around the room then darted towards the private bathroom.

“Can I go first? Please? I really need to pee!”

Not wanting to be responsible for a child having wet themselves Ellen nodded to Katya as she pushed past her quickly. As the en-suite door closed Ellen turned to Mykhaila forcing a smile.

“So much for her saying a few minutes ago that she’d wait until her mum came back.”

“Katya hates the school toilets. I hate them too.”

Sitting down on the small sofa Ellen wedged a hand between her legs as she wriggled against the seat fearing she might burst any second.

“Maybe the ones in your new school will be nicer.”

“I hope so. Are you really bursting Ellen?”

“Actually Mykhaila I really am. I’ve been so busy today that I haven’t been to the toilet all day. I’ve had to go badly since before I picked you up at school. I hope Katya hurries up.”

“I hope she does too because I need a poo as well.”

*259*2023-11-06 00:40

Daniel searches for Ellen

Watching closely over the top of his laptop Daniel rubbed his hard penis in his suit trousers under the table listening intently for anyone coming nearby. Seeing the girls approaching Ellen with their school bags and lunch boxes in their hands he was trying to think of a reasonable excuse to follow them again when his mobile rang and vibrated in his pocket. Pulling it out he sighed to himself as he saw it was Jarrod from Dundee health and social care partnership finally returning his call. Watching Ellen and the girls walking away in the distance he turned on his laptop as Jarrod updated him on what he’d found out.

It seemed Keith had at least organised some things, mostly those relating to the physical renovations that people would see, though the longer term, more complex, jobs, and anything behind the scenes, he hadn’t seemed to have even started. Updating his files on his computer, whilst cross referencing the previous minutes of what Keith was allocated to do, Daniel shook his head in exasperation as Jarrod listed all the organisations and contacts he’d have expected to be consulted but who apparently had not heard anything at all.. 

Feeling increasingly frustrated and angry Daniel was at least comforted to know that Jarrod had encountered similar from Keith previously, though it left a bad taste in Daniel’s mouth thinking how much he’d trusted the man and how foolish he now felt. Thinking back to his last in person meeting with Keith he remembered how distracted he had been that afternoon in the council offices in Dundee with a mixture of infatuation with Ellen and a very full bladder. Not wanting to share any of that with Jarrod he thanked the man for his assistance and acknowledged his willingness to assist in any way he could.

Typing out a list on a separate spreadsheet of all that required urgent attention Daniel highlighted various items sorting them between what could be done from Glasgow and what really required someone to be in Dundee. Checking his watch for the time he could feel his stress levels increasing as he automatically looked to the nearby desk for Ellen’s support. Not seeing her there he was instantly reminded of seeing her openly squirming waiting at the canteen entrance as he wondered if she’d managed to finally use the toilet yet. Letting his mind briefly wander thinking back to how his girlfriend had mentioned needing to go as long ago as half past two he checked the time in his laptop to see it was now 3:50. Suddenly feeling resolute and determined Daniel stood up as he emailed himself the spreadsheet so he could see it on his phone before closing down his laptop and walking quickly in the direction he was sure Mykhaila and her mum’s cabin was.

Heading down the corridor he recalled seeing Ellen going the day she had checked in on Diana regularly Daniel felt nerves getting the better of him as he hesitated outside some doors wondering to himself if he was doing the right thing. With only cabin numbers on the doors each looked identical to the others as his heart beat loudly in his ears and adrenaline pumping through his veins. 

Wishing he’d listened more carefully to Ellen when she listed cabin numbers for the last remaining residents off so easily and quickly Daniel stood awkwardly listening at the door of one cabin as his eyes darted anxiously up the corridor worried he might get caught. Wishing there was a list somewhere he could check his eyes lit up as a thought crossed his mind: reception might just be able to help him if he could make up a good enough reason for requiring the information. Making up an excuse in his head he raced towards reception as his mind raced with all sorts of scenarios that Ellen could be in varying between having wet herself to having actually made it on time.

Speaking far too quickly to one of the girls at the reception desk Daniel was aware he looked harassed and unprofessional as he blurted out that he needed to get a message to Mykhaila Kravchenco urgently about her mum Diana. Feeling himself getting agitated as the girl first checked that Mykhaila was even currently on the ship then informed him of what he already knew: that she’d been signed in alongside Ellen Hemmingdale, a support worker from Shelter. Nodding in agreement to this Daniel acknowledged this information but then asked if he could have the cabin number for the Kravchenco’s, reiterating how urgent it was that he spoke to Mykhaila. Finally the girl checked a sheet under her table as she seemed to take forever to scan down the names before eventually telling him the right cabin number. Thanking the girl quickly Daniel walked as fast as he could back to the corridor he was at moments before as he checked the numbers on the doors and found the right one.

Swallowing hard and taking a second to smarten his suit and wipe his sweaty forehead with a hanky Daniel stood upright and knocked on the cabin door. Holding his phone in his hand eager to show Ellen the new spreadsheet of information his heart skipped a beat when he heard Ellen’s voice telling him to come in. Tentatively pushing the handle down and pushing the door open Daniel immediately saw Ellen sitting on a small couch with her legs very tightly crossed and a tense and uncomfortable look on her face. Feeling blood instantly rushing to his penis his hands went clammy and hot and his legs all wobbly as a child’s voice penetrated his thoughts as he tried to come to.

“I thought it was my mum. When will my mum be back Ellen?”

Staring at Ellen as she looked at a clock on the wall Daniel couldn’t take his eyes off his girlfriend despite their being a child in the room.

“Only about half an hour now Katya. Not long. Hi Daniel. Everything ok?”

Flustered Daniel shook his head slightly to get his thoughts back on track as his sudden dry throat made answering difficult.

“Oh em…I….oh yeah. I needed to find you Ellen. I had a call back from Dundee while you were busy with the girls. I’m afraid there’s so many urgent things we need to do right now. It can’t wait…”

Focussing on Ellen as she glanced over and nodded towards Katya as she fidgeted on the couch looking extremely tense and flushed he realised immediately that his poor girlfriend still hadn’t been to the toilet yet as his head spun and his erection grew despite knowing there was a child around.

“I…I can’t go anywhere right this minute Daniel.”

Realising for the first time that one of the girls was missing Daniel bend down to hide his hard on as his face went closer to Ellen’s so he could whisper without Katya hearing.

“Where’s Mykhaila?”

Ellen only nodded in the direction of the toilet as Daniel saw her eyes filling with tears as her hand squeezed between her legs and she rocked side to side on the edge of the couch, her ample bottom and weight making the couch move slightly with the vibration. Meeting Ellen’s eyes he whispered again.

“It’s urgent isn’t it?”

“Ellen can’t leave us Mister Daniel. She has to stay with us until my mum comes back. Anyway she needs a pee don’t you Ellen? She had to wait for me because I was bursting and then Mykhaila needed to do a poo. I’m not allowed to use the ones at the lift. My mums says so. the hand dryers are scary aren’t they Ellen? Mum says our new flat won’t have hand dryers. Is that true?”

Turning to answer the child Daniel placed a reassuring hand on Ellen’s shoulder.

“You mum is right. There will be no hand dryers in any of the flats in Dundee. I can assure you of that. How about you maybe knock that door and see if Mykhaila is ok? I’m sure Ellen would like to get in very soon don’t you?”

With his eyes on Katya as she slid off the side of the bed and walked to the bathroom door Daniel turned his attention right back to Ellen as she now had an arm wrapped across her stomach as she leaned forward looking at the carpet. Kneeling to the side of her he looked up at her full of compassion but horny as hell at her predicament. Rubbing her back gently he wished he could rub something else too as over the noise of Katya loudly knocking the bathroom door he made out a whisper from Ellen.

“I’m not going to make it.”

*260*2023-11-08 00:57

Leaving the girls alone

Still trying to process what Mykhaila had just said Ellen concentrated hard on holding back the heavy weight in her bladder which threatened to burst out any second. Gazing at the wall lost in her own thoughts and stress she heard the bathroom door open behind her and Katya coming out. Urging her body not to think about the fact it should be getting up to go wee finally she noticed Mykhaila out the corner of her eye walk over to the toilet as she heard the door closing again.

“I thought you wanted in next Ellen?”

Still staring at the wall unable to think about anything other than the stinging between her legs and the ache in her bladder Ellen didn’t even look at Katya as she felt her eyes filling with tears.

“Mykhaila needed to poo.”

“We don’t like going at school. Nobody does. Mum always tries to make me do mine before I go.”

Simply nodding her head at this Ellen bent forward and pulled her tightly crossed legs even tighter as her exhausted urethra throbbed and her bladder spasmed yet again. On the verge of tears she was brought back to attention suddenly when out of nowhere there was a loud knock on the door. Numbly telling whoever it was to come in Ellen turned quickly to see Daniel before resuming staring at the carpet again hearing Katya talking yet again, this time saying how she thought it was her mum. Raising her eyes to the clock on the wall Ellen struggled to make out the time, her eyes clouded by tears of frustration and desperation. Reassuring the girl that it wouldn’t be much longer until her mum came Ellen suddenly processed the fact that Daniel was there as she asked him what he wanted.

Wriggling and fidgeting with a hand pressed hard between her legs she still couldn’t give eye contact even when Daniel stated that she was needed urgently following a phone call he’d had from Dundee. Exasperated and frustrated Ellen nodded towards where Katya was in the small room failing to understand how Daniel could not see why she wasn’t available. Muttering through gritted teeth she stated the obvious: that she couldn’t go anywhere until katya’s mother was home from work.

Now rocking against her own hand sensing her body was fast reaching the end of its ability to wait after being bursting for so long Ellen rolled her eyes when Daniel finally seemed to realise that Mykhaila wasn’t in the room. Not having any free energy to even comment on how slow he appeared to be to what was happening Ellen conserved her energy for fighting hard against her body, internally screaming at Mykhaila to hurry up. Moving her eyes off the wall and onto her own body as she twisted and squirmed and squeezed for all she was worth Ellen was caught off guard as Daniel bend down and their eyes briefly met. Instantly feeling a huge attraction to her boyfriend and begging him with her eyes to help she could do nothing more than nod when he whispered empathetically.

“It’s urgent isn’t it?”

Katya, being Katya, carried on chatting away announcing freely to Daniel how she’d had to use the loo badly and then Mykhaila had to go for a bowel movement afterwards, adding in as she tended to do, why she didn’t like the toilets by the lifts. With the child’s voice droning on in the distance followed by Daniel replying to her Ellen shuffled a little further forward on the couch tensing every muscle in her back and legs in a vain attempt to prevent a huge accident in a client’s cabin. Vaguely hearing Daniel suggesting to Katya to knock on the door of the loo and hurry Mykhaila along she was consumed by the torment of dribbles of urine leaking into her knickers, the warmth and wetness torturing her urethra beyond what she felt she could now bare.

With Daniel now right beside her, touching her, reassuring her, arousing her greatly, Ellen wrapped an arm around her swollen bladder, nursing it and trying to take its weight in her arms like a baby to somehow ease the pressure between her legs. Looking right at Daniel as he bent in front of her she mouthed quietly as much to him as to herself.

“I’m not going to make it.”

Locked eyes Daniel pulled his body nearer as Ellen felt his mouth on her cheek softly kissing her, their bodies hidden from Katya by the couch Ellen was sitting on.

“It will be ok darling. I promise.”

Closing her eyes and moaning, bent forward so much she almost fell off the edge of the couch, Ellen felt a spurt of warm pee escape as it seeped through her already damp knickers and ran down the inside of her leggings, tickling the hairs of her leg and sending waves of pleasure throughout her body. Feeling her cheeks burning and her eyes stinging Ellen moaned quietly as she pushed her hand harder between her legs trying in vain to prevent another spurt escaping. Rocking hard against her own hand, past caring how she looked to the others in the room, she gasped as more warmth spread past her fingers and down both her inside legs. Wriggling, squirming and fidgeting madly she heard Daniel’s voice as she was vaguely aware he’d now stood up in front of her to protect the girls from seeing what was happening. Barely in control of her bladder now she heard Mykhaila’s soft voice as she made out a door opening behind her.

“Sorry Ellen.”

The next she knew Daniel was pulling at her waist from both sides as he pulled her body up from the couch, turned her around and hooked one arm under her underarm around her back as he quickly and effortlessly practically carried her from the small cabin into the bathroom. Hearing him instructing the girls to remain in the cabin a minute while he helped her Ellen heard the bathroom door being closed and locked as her eyes stared at the laminated floor pattern as more wee dribbled out between her legs. Frozen to the spot in utter desperation the next thing she felt was someone behind her grabbing her leggings and knickers and pulling them down swiftly until they sat limply around her knees.

Looking down at her own exposed vagina another short spurt ran down her warm damp legs. Raising her eyes Ellen suddenly saw Daniel right in front of her, his own grey suit trousers and underwear at his knees as he stepped back and sat down on the loo fluidly like he’d practiced the manoeuvre multiple times. Seeing his huge hard erection pointing right towards her Ellen saw Daniel’s hand clearly beckoning her towards him as she shuffled clumsily towards the toilet just enough for Daniel to reach out and turn her body until she was facing the bathroom door. Feeling her weighty body being hauled up onto Daniel’s knee Ellen couldn’t hold back a second longer as a long solid thick stream of warm pale yellow urine pushed against the hardness beneath her as it bounced against very tender sensitive parts of her anatomy tingling and tickling, turning her on immensely.

Holding what she could of the toilet seat at the side of Daniel’s legs Ellen balanced herself as wee poured out of her speedily and in all directions as her exhausted bladder experienced the euphoria of finally being allowed to empty. Hearing Daniel moaning in pleasure behind her she wriggled on his erection feeling it throbbing under her. Unbelievably aroused both from how long she’d been desperate and the resulting manner in which she was now getting release Ellen rested one food on the floor as she leaned to one side and used her spare hand to masturbate herself even as her body was still urinating. Her knuckles brushing against Daniel’s penis as she did so she felt his hardness throbbing faster even without any rubbing as she peed over it, stopping and starting as her body slowly but surely emptied itself of all the excess body fluid it had been holding onto for so long.

Easily climaxing, her hand and wrist soaked in her own urine Ellen felt Daniel cum as she both felt and saw his semen surge out of his penis and plop into the toilet under it. Rubbing Daniel’s knee with her warm wet hand Ellen shook her body to allow the final few drips to escape as she steadied herself to stand, wiping her wet hands on some loo roll before wiping her body and pulling up her wet pants and leggings. Stepping aside to wash her hands properly Ellen heard Daniel making himself decent again too as he fastened his suit trousers then joined her at the sink.

Smiling and winking up at Daniel as she dried her hands Ellen felt much more able to breathe and speak at last.

“I feel so much better now. God I needed that!”

Blushing as Daniel winked back at her Ellen felt her body tingle at his quiet whispered romantic words.

“So did I my wonderful beautiful lady.”

Inspecting her wet leggings Ellen looked up at Daniel as he dried his hands.

“Hopefully no one notices. Good job I chose a dark colour today. Once Myroslava gets back, from work, if she’s ok to have Mykhaila, then maybe I could get on with that urgent work we need to do from home. I might need to pop back to stay overnight with Mykhaila but at least I could get changed into fresh clothes first.”

“What do you want to tell the girls if they ask about why I came in with you?”

“Let’s see if they even mention it first.”

Opening the bathroom door back onto the small cabin Ellen noticed Daniel nod in agreement as they heard children’s TV playing and both girls colouring in while they watched.

*261*2023-11-09 23:59

Returning to the girls again

There was something about Ellen’s words, the finality of them, the resignation in her tone, that took Daniel by surprise and almost made him ejaculate in his trousers. That knowing that any second his girlfriend would be so wet and warm and tingly between her legs made his dick tremble and his knees go weak.

Yes despite that he felt a huge wave of compassion, of protection, of love, for the woman precariously balanced in front of him right on the edge of the couch hidden away in a cabin on the ground floor of a cruise ship in King George V dock in Glasgow in late September. Bending to kiss her on the cheek he then stood up again wide legged as close to Ellen as he could, watching the young girl in the room with them as she knocked yet again on the bathroom door. Trying his best to block out the fact there was a child in the room Daniel’s mind was running away with him as the noises Ellen made and the way she sat rocking leaning forward between his legs, her hair brushing the crotch of his suit trousers , instantly made him feel like she was sucking his penis as his hard on trembled in his trousers just at the thought.

Terrified of how things might look should anyone walk into the room Daniel stared at the bathroom door willing it to open with all his might. Wondering just how much Ellen had wet herself, but assuming she was still frantically holding back as much as she physically could going by the desperate muttering and moaning she was making, Daniel felt utterly compelled to get her into the bathroom to save her dignity as much as possible. Seeing the door opening at last he hauled Ellen up with both hands under her arm pits as he twisted her body to face the other way then hooked an arm around her side marching her around the small couch and straight into the bathroom.

Calling back to the girls to stay in the cabin because he’d be back out in a minute he closed and locked the door, his eyes gawping at the shapely full back of Ellen bent forward holding herself. Stepping towards her he slid his hands under her top, grabbing at the waist of her leggings and knickers pulling them both down in one fluid hurried move. Feeling his dick about to erupt with need he then undid his own trousers holding them up in his hands. Scurrying around Ellen’s side, his eyes fixed on Ellen’s dripping wet legs, he sat down backwards onto the vacant toilet letting his trousers and boxers fall to his knees exposing his long erect ready penis as he used a hands to beckon Ellen towards him as she raised her eyes to meet his.

Grabbing her ample body he spun her around then lifted her up onto his knee, feeling her wet warm vagina against his tender manhood. His arms holding Ellen around the waist and his nose against her thick soft hair Daniel closed his eyes as Ellen burst strongly and powerfully all over his throbbing penis as he felt her body shuddering and shivering from the euphoria of getting release at last. Tensing his facial muscles as his body raced ever closer to orgasm Daniel longed to savour every moment of the experience as he tried holding back as much as possible. Hearing the splash of urine, sniffing Ellen’s beautiful natural aroma, feeling her large body pressing against his and the warm wetness tingling and teasing his dick, combined with seeing Ellen’s broad legs glistening with urine was all too much though.

When Ellen then leaned over to one side and began using her own hand to masturbate herself even as her vagina still dribbled and dripped with pee Daniel knew he was a goner. Listening to the sexy sound of Ellen squelching her own mucus as she made pleasurable and sexy noises on his knee Daniel let go and allowed his body to climax just as it so badly needed to do. With Ellen’s knuckles touching his very sensitive head as she reached her own climax he felt the strong surge he knew so well as semen surged down the length of his dick and burst into the toilet beneath him with a loud splash.

Waiting while Ellen wiped herself then climbed off his knee he then reached over for some toilet roll and wiped his own very moist and warm penis before flushing and tidying himself up. Stepping over to the sink to wash his hands he couldn’t take his eyes off the radiant and stunning woman beside him as she pulled up her wet leggings and knickers and washed her own hands too. Listening as Ellen talked about wanting to go home to finish her work Daniel suddenly remembered the girls as he panicked about what either of them might say to their mums about him being in the bathroom with Ellen. Nervous about stepping back into the cabin he worried about what to say, though Ellen seemed to think it would be fine to just wait and see if the girls said anything.

Letting Ellen lead the way to unlock the door Daniel felt a huge wave of relief seeing the girls sitting at a small table under the TV on the wall colouring in happily as he stayed behind the couch letting Ellen approach them. With the noise of the TV drowning out what Ellen was saying Daniel waited patiently trying to gauge if the girls were asking about what had just happened or not. As he watched Ellen leaning forward to presumably look at their art work Daniel smiled to himself feeling blessed and content as he wondered why Ellen hadn’t had any children of her own yet.

Waiting a few minutes and realising Ellen wasn’t coming back to speak to him he stepped closer to the cabin door thinking it might be better for everyone if he returned to the public area to get back to work. Reaching the door he rested his hand on the handle as he called over to Ellen over the noise of the TV.

“I have a lot of work to be getting on with. See you in a bit Ellen?”

Ellen turned to lock eyes with him as she smiled openly and sweetly, nodding to acknowledge what he’d said. Checking his phone was still in his pocket Daniel slipped out of the cabin and back down the corridor and into the public area taken aback at the noise and bustle that awaited him. Making his way back to his laptop he couldn’t help but hope that Myroslava would return from work soon so Ellen could get back to being beside him.

It wasn’t just how much work they needed to do that was playing on his mind but the fact his body was reminding him, rather aggressively, that he hadn’t used the toilet all day. He needed home as quickly as possible, but before he could leave he really needed to talk with Ellen again so they could divide the tasks up and achieve much more.

Time wasn’t on his side, either work wise or physically, as he bounced his knee anxiously as his laptop booted back up slowly.

*263*2023-11-10 10:58

{{28 minutes ago, WetNick88 said:

Another fantastic chapter, although I’m still trying to picture the geometry of Daniel’s cum landing in the toilet bowl. 🧐. I’m really enjoying trying to picture it though 😏.

But when will he learn to pee when he has the chance?!!

}}

Yes he really ought to have peed when sitting on that toilet! Silly man lol

*264*2023-11-11 00:45

Ellen juggles Mykhaila’s care

Keen to check in on the girls and feeling guilty for leaving them unattended, even if only for a few minutes, Ellen spoke to them about their art work and listened as they shared with her. Going on to talk to them both about their plans for the rest of the night and any homework they had she noticed Daniel behind her standing around still waiting. Hoping he might realise she couldn’t return to work until Katya’s mum came back she felt relieved when he finally commented on the fact he had a lot of work to be getting on with and left.

Suggesting the girls turn the TV down and do any school work they had Ellen was amazed at their enthusiasm to show her their reading books and spelling words to learn as she sat on the couch beside them both hoping neither of them could see her wet leggings. Glancing up at the clock in the room Ellen noticed it was almost 4:30 as it occurred to her that Myroslava might not know where they were. Helping the girls to pack up their school belongings again she allowed Mykhaila to leave her bag in the cabin as they locked the door and headed down the corridor and towards the main public areas just in time to see Katya’s mum coming onto the ship and signing in at reception.

With Katya calling for her mum and both girls waving Ellen smiled at the woman as she approached them all looking tired and still in her cleaning uniform. After she’d bend down to hug her daughter Ellen updated her on the news of Diana as Myroslava nodded sympathetically and glanced down at Mykhaila.

“We don’t know how long she’ll be kept in for yet but I was wondering if you would be able to keep Mykhaila for a bit while I nip back home to get my things and then I can come right back and stay over with her tonight? Unfortunately I need to go to Dundee tomorrow to accompany the first group of clients moving on. The bus is leaving sharp at 9:30 but I could still get Mykhaila to school for 9 at a push. I don’t know when I’ll be back but I can certainly ask if they can make it earlier so I can get back for pick up if possible. I wasn’t sure what shifts you are this week?”

Nodding still Myroslava seemed to be processing everything before replying.

“I’m working afternoons all this week so I take both girls to school no problem. I don’t finish until 4 though but I can call the school in the morning and maybe see if there’s any clubs or after school groups that might help. It’s so hard here. In Ukraine I had family and husband.”

Touching the woman’s upper arm to let her know she understood her struggle Ellen rubbed gently feeling the inside legs of her damp leggings sticking to her reminding her how badly she needed to get home to change.

“You do a great job and I am so grateful for your help. The girls have already done their homework and I will be back within the hour. I can take Mykhaila with me if you’d prefer though.”

Seeing Myroslava glancing down at a wide eyed Mykhaila before looking back at Ellen to answer Ellen hoped the lady would look after her young friend if only to give her the privacy to get a quick shower and change.

“Yes that’s fine.”

“Thank you so much!”

Bending down to Mykhaila’s height Ellen felt it important to let her know what was happening too.

“Right Mykhaila, I’m just going to quickly drive to my own house to get my nightclothes and things and then I’ll be right back. Katya’s mum will look after you until then. Then after dinner and your bath we could maybe watch some bedtime stories on my iPad if you’d like?”

Mykhaila nodded quietly as Katya danced with excitement eager to go play with her friend again. Thanking Myroslava again Ellen walked quickly to her work area to park up her laptop and things anxious that someone might notice she’d weed herself earlier. Getting closer to the work desks Ellen couldn’t help but see Daniel waving to her frantically as if in some sort of emergency. Hoping nothing else had come up Ellen sighed as she approached the desk seeing Daniel moving agitatedly on his seat.

“Oh at last! I thought you’d forgotten about work?”

“Sorry. I had to talk to Myroslava about Mykhaila. Actually I’ll need to play catch up tonight with work because I need to get home and get my things right now. As soon as Mykhaila is in bed tonight I’ll do what I can though. Everything still ok for tomorrow?”

Sensing that Daniel was only half listening as his body and concentration appeared all over the place Ellen was surprised to hear him respond appropriately.

“You staying over on the ship then?”

“I don’t really have a choice. I don’t think social services would exactly approve if I took Mykhaila back to mine. I don’t have a spare bed for her for a start. This is her home here. Plus it’s actually a lot easier what with Myroslava taking her to school tomorrow and me going to Dundee.”

Packing up while she spoke Ellen had her back to Daniel as she heard a zip noise causing her to turn around. Noticing Daniel packing up his own laptop she couldn’t help but notice he was now doing everything one handed with the other hand in his trouser pocket.

“A bit early for you to leave is it not? I thought you said there was loads to do?”

“Look you’re not the only one with the ability to work from home! It’s so loud and busy here now and I need quiet to get things done.”

“That hasn’t bothered you before?”

“I haven’t had so much to do before!”

Feeling like Daniel was being uncharacteristically snappy with her Ellen decided now wasn’t the time to argue as she grabbed her coat and bag and rushed towards the reception desk to sign out. Walking briskly down the gangway towards her car Ellen didn’t stop to even look back as she threw her things into her little car and started the engine. Driving the few miles to her home her mind was full of all the things she needed to do, the first being to get out of her wet leggings and knickers and have a warm shower.

Climbing up the rubbish strewn stairs to her flat Ellen was single minded in her determination as she unlocked her flat anxious to get back to the cruise ship as soon as possible. Stripping off the second the front door was closed she put her wet clothes in the kitchen sink to be washed then took the stairs two at a time to get upstairs for a warm shower. Frustrated at the terrible water pressure and rubbish shower unit Ellen sighed as she took the hose off the wall and did her best to shower her larger body. Not even bothering to wash her hair she dried herself in the cold damp house and put on some fresh comfortable clothes from her bedroom. Throwing some things into a carrier bag she gathered a few more essentials downstairs before leaving the flat again and getting back into her car, grateful to see her laptop was still waiting for her when she got back.

Retuning again to the cruise ship Ellen found the girls waiting near the entrance to the dining area as the smell from the cooking made her stomach rumble. Looking forward to eating and getting something to drink she heard her mobile beep with a text as she fished it out her bag to read it.

“Apologies about earlier. I had a lot on my mind. D x”

Smiling to herself she noticed another earlier text she had somehow missed.

“Food and starter kits all arrived just in time. Had help to put it all away. Just caught my twin and no more but all ok for arrivals tomorrow. Phew!”

Feeling an excitement in her stomach Ellen reached for the girl’s hands as she saw Myroslava approaching.

“So who’s ready for dinner then girls? I know I am!”

*266*2023-11-11 19:22

{{9 hours ago, desperateseb said:

I think he needs a few more accidents to really learn!

}}

Who knows if he made it home dry or not. Maybe we’ll find out in tonight’s chapter

*267*2023-11-12 00:39

Daniel struggles to make it home

Struggling to concentrate on the email attachment he was attempting to read Daniel fidgeted on the seat, his bladder screaming at him for attention. Looking longingly towards the main entrance and the ever enticing toilets by the lifts Daniel wriggled on his chair awkwardly as he turned his attention back to his laptop. Having only half taken in what he’d read he checked the time on his screen muttering to himself about how long Ellen was taking.

Never one to like using public bathrooms he stared towards the entrance recalling the one time he had somehow managed to use the gents he could see in the distance as he remembered being locked in a room at the start of the week previously just after he’d returned from his trip to Dundee with Ellen. Letting his mind wander back to that day he allowed himself the liberty of thinking of Ellen meeting with him to make a PowerPoint presentation and how she squirmed on her seat, and how after finding the door locked they had ended up on the floor frolicking and fucking until Ellen wet all over him and the carpet. It had only been the second time he’d had sex with Ellen but the memory was so clear, so precious and so wonderful he could feel his penis swelling between his legs.

Remembering that he too had been bursting to pee even before he arrived on the ship that day he could feel that same pressure and desperation building as he sat behind his laptop thinking about pushing through his anxiety and just running to the gents. Just as his courage was starting to build though his leg vibrated as he slid his hand into his pocket and pulled out his phone to answer it. 

It was one of the many organisations from Dundee who he’d been chasing up to see if they had been contacted by Keith and if so what arrangements had been made. Forcing himself to sound professional, calm and friendly, despite the pressure from his own body, Daniel remained polite and upbeat as he tried to hurry the caller onto what he needed to know as they talked at length about their organisation, what they did and how they were funded. While all that might normally have interested him right now he just needed to know the bare facts relating to wether they had had any contact from Dundee city council and what, if anything, they had been asked to support with.

Unable to find a comfortable position Daniel moved from crossed legged to sitting sideways to leaning forward and tensing his back and legs as the caller droned on in his ear as he struggled to get a word in edgeways. Tapping the desk in frustration he bounced his knee desperately wishing he’d gone to the toilet after all. After what felt like the longest ten minutes ever he finally managed to ask all he needed to know; which was had Keith contacted them and if so for what. 

After a nervous pause the caller quietly apologised saying they had had no direct contact but quickly adding in that they had heard from another local charity about the refugees arriving and that they really wanted to assist. Wanting to scream both at the fact Keith hadn’t reached out to them plus the fact the call was now lasting even longer Daniel rested a hand over his crotch and pressed down onto his throbbing penis as he attempted to stay professional and uncritical of his colleague in Dundee whilst outlining as quickly as possible where the charity might be able to help.

By the time the call ended Daniel had already resigned himself to the fact that he could no longer sit about waiting for Ellen to return and instead he’d pack up early for home and call her later. Feeling annoyed at having to do everything himself, stressed out with his urgent need to piss, and panicking about what might face the first batch of refugees arriving in Dundee the next morning, Daniel did a final check of his emails before saving everything and closing down his computer. Quickly scanning a fresh email that had just arrived he stood up bent over the desk as he glanced up and stared as he saw Ellen approaching from a distance. Waving to her frantically he really didn’t want her knowing how close he was to pissing himself in public as the stress of everything caused him to speak to his girlfriend more aggressively and sharply than he planned to.

Immediately sensing that he’d hit a raw spot with Ellen their back and forth conversation lacked the friendship and care that it always had as he barely looked at her as he busied himself forwarding on the email he’d just read to Ellen’s inbox wondering when Ellen might actually go online to read it. Of course he sympathised with Mykhaila and the fact her poor mum was in hospital but she wasn’t Ellen’s responsibility and with the volume of work they had on it was really getting to him having her play happy families while he was left to carry the burden of responsibility of all the work all on his own.

Angry, stressed, pressurised and so desperate for the toilet Daniel couldn’t keep his lower body still even for a moment as he closed down his laptop at last, snapping back at Ellen again when she queried why he was leaving earlier than normal. The cheek of it when she was the one off playing with kids when she should be working! Now hearing from her that she was staying the night on the ship to care for someone else’s child he sighed under his breath as Ellen packed up and rushed off as he checked he had all his things before almost running to reception and signing out just behind her.

Walking past the toilets at the lifts Daniel reasoned to himself that he hadn’t got far to drive to home and the privacy of his own bathroom as he ran down the gangway into his Audi and sped out the car park towards home. Shifting around and bouncing in the drivers seat Daniel was acutely aware that he was barely keeping to the speed limit as he ran through amber lights and turned corners in a higher gear than the car wanted as his mind focussed on him getting home before his bladder burst. 

Squeezing his trembling penis he couldn’t sit still even when he tried as he mumbled to himself about how bursting he was as every delay caused him pain and distress. Finally making it to his street he could feel the intensity ramping up a gear as his body sensed it was closer to release than ever before. Clenching so tight that it ached he indicated to pull down the side of his house towards his garage as he slowed down and squeezed himself hander as he pulled his bottom off the seat and pushed his thighs tightly together.

His mind taunting him by flashing back to sitting on the toilet in the en-suite of the Kravchenco’s cabin with Ellen on his knee he berated his body loudly for not taking the opportunity to pee when he had it. Turning the car engine off he opened the door urgently and stepped out, bending forward immediately to hold himself and gain control of his body. Hobbling towards the garage to unlock it Daniel struggling to release one hand to get the key to the garage out his pocket. Sliding the key in the lock he turned it and went to pull the double doors open as he suddenly felt wetness in his underwear.

Gasping and gripping himself he squeezed his thighs together as he put his free hand on the door having to stand more upright to reach it. With his sweaty fingers gripping the handle and his muscles aching from the pressure Daniel looked over his shoulder to the back door of his house as the feeling of wetness reached through his boxers and trousers to his fingertips as he released the grip on his penis, straightened his body and immediately felt a strong never ending release of fluid pumping out his body soaking his grey suit trousers wetter than if they had just been in the washing machine.

The release was incredible, the warmth highly pleasurable, the embarrassment tangible as Daniel pulled the double doors open and stepped inside his garage hoping no one heard of saw what had just happened. Looking down at his sodden trousers and the puddle of urine at his feet he had the strangest desire to get his phone out of his pocket and video both how wet his legs were and the running puddle that was already heading towards his back door. Shaking his legs to record the drips falling from his socks he videoed from his waist to his feet and even his shoes splashing in the huge puddle, making sure not to speak or show his face or anything that might reveal where he was. Stopping the video he drove his car the very short distance into the garage, keeping his wet bottom off the seat as much as possible, before locking the garage and going into his house via the kitchen as always.

Immediately stepping out his wet clothing and putting them all in the washer dryer Daniel was shocked at how erect his penis was again as he ran upstairs for a shower. Changing into some sweatpants and a t-shirt he put one of his mum’s meals in the oven then text Ellen to apologise for earlier all while setting up his laptop to get back to work, still on an adrenaline high from having wet himself so badly right outside his very own garage.

