The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 11

Author: Mbgpeelover

*268*2023-11-13 00:40

Ellen’s night on the ship

Sitting eating dinner with Myroslava, Katya and Mykhaila in the busy canteen Ellen felt so grateful for both the food and friendship as she looked around remembering the time less than a year ago when every seat in the canteen was full. Reminiscing about all those she’d helped secure accommodation for since then she listened to the girls chatting as they ate knowing that she’d be totally lost when they moved on too. Helping clear away the dishes and glasses Ellen smiled to herself as the girls walked excitedly over to the dessert area helping themselves to cake and ice cream. Living on a cruise with all their meals and cleaning done for them had just became the norm now, not just for the young girls but for pretty much everyone still left on board. Realising how different life would be for them all in their own flats in Dundee Ellen made a mug of tea for herself and Myroslava and carried them back to the table.

Excusing herself and Mykhaila when everyone had finished eating Ellen took Mykhaila’s hand as they walked back to her cabin together. Getting her young charge to change out of her school uniform and into her pyjamas Ellen watched as she left the en-suite and placed her dirty clothes in a bin bag. Realising that Diana hadn’t been able to do the laundry Ellen took Mykhaila along the corridor to the closest laundry room as she showed her how to use the machines. Grateful that they had been temporarily reset to not require money while the refugees were on board Ellen borrowed some detergent from a nearby shelf and set the washer to start. Walking back to the cabin Ellen suggested Mykhaila have a shower and hair wash for school the next day. Making sure she had everything she needed Ellen waited near the bathroom door to make sure the child was ok, grateful when Mykhaila came out ten minutes later with wet hair, a towel wrapped around her and rosy cheeks.

Finding the hairdryer she dried and styled the girl’s long hair pleating it up so it would be wavy in the morning. After allowing her to play for a while on the bed Ellen slipped into the bathroom to freshen herself up and get changed into her nightshirt before snuggling with Mykhaila on the bed as they watched some bedtime stories together on her iPad. 

Putting the iPad on change Ellen looked around the tiny cabin from where she was sitting on the bed wondering how on earth anyone could survive living for so long in such a confined space. Asking Mykhaila if she’d had her own bedroom back in Ukraine she wrapped her arm around the child as she shared about her life back at home and the many things she missed, including family who she hadn’t heard from in over a year. Identifying so much with the feelings of loss and abandonment that Mykhaila was speaking about Ellen couldn’t help but think back to her own childhood and the constant upheaval and stress of constantly moving and never knowing what might happen next.

Her emotions already on edge Ellen felt tears trickling down her face as the tired child in her arms went on to share her fears and worries about losing her mum too. Trying to reassure her that her mum would be back with her soon Ellen held back on making any absolute promises knowing how important it was to never say anything you couldn’t actually make happen. Reaching over for some tissues by the bed Ellen offered Mykhaila one before suggesting they lie down and try and get some sleep. Watching as the 9 year old girl clutched a teddy in her arms like a little toddler Ellen wished with all her heart that she could take away the child’s pain and make her life better.

Lying beside Mykhaila until she fell asleep Ellen gazed up at the cabin ceiling thinking of all the 130 or so others on board going through the same nightly thoughts as Mykhaila, living in cramped conditions unable to even cook themselves a meal and totally reliant on others like herself just to understand life in a foreign country and navigate their legal status, money, education, work, and finding somewhere to live. Wondering if the likes of Daniel would ever truly understand how hard living on the ship truly was and how traumatic it was to have to leave everything you’d ever known to move thousands of miles to a foreign land where you didn’t speak the language in order to stay alive and be safe, Ellen pictured Daniel’s large house with its many bathrooms and huge kitchen thinking what a privileged life he lead.

Feeling convinced now that Mykhaila was sound asleep Ellen sneaked quietly out the cabin to put the clothing into the dryer so Mykhaila had clean uniform for school the next day. Walking back to the room Ellen yawned remembering how she’d promised Daniel that she’d do as much work as she could that night in preparation for the first group of refugees to move on to Dundee the following morning. Sitting on the couch where she’d sat earlier that day when she was absolutely bursting for the loo Ellen switched her iPad back on and scrolled through a long list of new emails. Making lists of what she needed to check tomorrow before she left and when she got there Ellen jumped when her mobile beeped with a text message. Turning to make sure it hadn’t disturbed Mykhaila she turned the volume right down before replying to Daniel confirming that Celine had updated her earlier and that bath the food bank deliveries and the starter packs had all arrived in the flats.

Keeping the text formal Ellen returned to her lists when she felt her phone vibrate beside her again. Picking it up she smiled seeing that Daniel was apologising for disturbing her and that he’d added that he was sorry again for snapping at her earlier. Replying with a simple, “It’s all forgotten”, Ellen was surprised to get another text right after, this time more cryptic, as she read, “you weren’t the only one to have had a bit of an accident today. Thankfully all fine now though. X”

Seeing it was past 10pm now and she still had so much work to get through Ellen felt curious but far too busy to ask more right then as she returned the text with a simple,

“As long as you are ok. Working hard here while my young change is sleeping. See you in the morning. E x”

Hearing nothing more Ellen returned to working, only pausing at quarter past 11 to quietly get the clothes from the dryer. Folding them neatly in the dimly lit cabin she returned to her iPad, only managing a few hours sleep before it was time to wake Mykhaila up to get them both ready for the new day ahead.

*269*2023-11-14 00:13

The morning of the first group leaving

Working while he ate Daniel sipped at his hot coffee as he updated spreadsheets, filled in forms and sent out emails. Compiling lists and applying for the agreed resettlement funding from the council for all those booked on the minibus the following day Daniel finished his food and drink then paused to wash up. Pouring himself a glass of iced water he returned to the dining table to continue with his work.

Time passed in a blur as he ticked off tasks then added more. Seeing Ellen’s name on the list of passengers for the minibus Daniel wondered how she was doing on the cruise ship and if she was managing to get any work done. Thinking about Mykhaila and her mum he scanned the list of residents to find he actually needed some vital information about them still so he could apply for their resettlement funding too. Knowing Ellen wouldn’t know private things such as their bank details he decided not to bother texting her about the missing information, though he added an urgent note to himself to get the information as soon as possible.

One thought seemed to lead quickly to another as Daniel then checked through yet another list to make sure everything was in place in Dundee to receive the first group of refugees. Scrolling through emails he found updates from Claypots, the contractors, a copy of the building warrant from Dundee City Council for certain flats and the electrical safety certificates. 

Moving on to check that there was basic furnishings for flats 1B, 3A, 3B, 3C and 4A and B Daniel started to have a mild panic when he couldn’t see any trace of confirmation of this. Checking another Excel list he noted that responsibility for that lay with Celine Rutherford when he remembered that she had been in the tower block that day checking those very things were in place. Breathing a sigh of relief he recalled that Celine had waited there for both the food bank items and the starter packs to arrive. Since he hadn’t yet heard wether those had every arrived he decided to text Ellen knowing that she would no doubt have been in contact with her friend and have an update.

Feeling strangely excited just at seeing Ellen’s name on his mobile and missing her greatly Daniel sort of hoped they might be able to chat on text for a bit as he was grateful for the distraction and eager to share with her what had happened earlier. When her reply was short and sweet Daniel sighed to himself remembering that she wasn’t at home nor was she alone. Feeling he ought to apologise for disturbing her he text back contritely feeling guilty at the thought he might have woken Mykhaila.

Thankfully Ellen sounded bright as he couldn’t resist hinting that something had happened that she might like to hear about. Sadly the next reply was even more stilted and briefer than the first as Daniel took the hint and accepted that now wasn’t the best time as he read Ellen’s last text and decided it didn’t require a reply. Still holding his phone he clicked onto the photos and watched back the short video he’d made earlier as he smiled and blushed seeing the mess he made of his expensive suit trousers and the large puddle he’d made by his garage doors.

Disciplining himself to get back to work Daniel worked through until past 1am, only closing his laptop down finally when his bladder screamed for release yet again. Choosing to use his en-suite he had a welcome piss and washed his face and hands before climbing into bed in just his underpants, falling asleep quickly dreaming of flats, finance and furniture all jumped up in his mind.

Waking sharply before his alarm Daniel showered and dressed and ate some hot porridge with his morning coffee before heading over to the port earlier than normal. Sensing a real buzz of excitement as he walked up the gangway he was surprised to see banners tacked to the walls reading ‘goodbye and good luck’ and ‘we’ll miss you!” Seeing Taras and Vladislav in the canteen having breakfast he walked over to them as they sat with other students whose names he was starting to learn at last. Shaking their hands one by one he felt a lump in his throat as he wished them all the best in their new homes and in their new universities and colleges. Surprised when Taras stood up and hugged him Daniel couldn’t help but feel touched by his gesture as he felt a glimpse of the attachment Ellen had with so many of the group.

Walking away he looked around for Ruslana and Nadia, the only child moving that day, as he saw them quietly eating near a wall. Pulling a chair to sit beside them he shook their hands seeing the fear and anxiety in their eyes. Explaining how he’d applied for resettlement funding to help them both get established and settled in their new flat Nadia explained quietly how her mum had had to give up her job after they moved back onto the ship days before and how she was worried about how she would make enough money to live in Dundee. Checking through his phone Daniel spent the time to give them names of people who would be there to help them in the tower block, reassuring Nadia that she didn’t have to start school the very next day and that she could take the rest of the week off to get used to her new accommodation and area. Seeing the young teenager nodding quietly Daniel left them wondering to himself if they’d be ok without Ellen to look out for them both.

Looking down at a list of names in his phone again Daniel lifted his eyes to scan around the large canteen when he heard a familiar voice. Turning around he saw Ellen holding Mykhaila’s hand as she chatted to her about school and her mum and what she wanted for breakfast. Stepping towards them both he couldn’t help but see how tired and weary Ellen looked as he smiled at her and bent down to say good morning to Mykhaila. Standing up and meeting Ellen’s eyes he whispered good morning to her, longing to kiss her.

“You all ready for today? You look tired. Everything ok?”

“I’ll be fine. I was working really late last night trying to catch up and get organised for today. I’ll put some make up on to cover the bags under my eyes after breakfast. Don’t want the camera crew filming me looking like this. I don’t think the beleaguered look does me any favours, do you?”

Daring to touch her arm Daniel bent just enough to get his face as close to Ellen’s as he could as he moved his hand up and gently touched her cheek.

“You look beautiful Ellen. You always do. Take care today won’t you. I’m going to miss you so much.”

“I will. I’ll be back before you know it though. I need to pick up Mykhaila from school don’t I sweetheart?”

“That’s not going to leave you much time in Dundee though. You sure you’ll get everyone done on time?”

“Trust me Daniel. I’ve been doing this for over a year now. At least this time I actually know where I’m going. Unlike the last time when I had to find out using your sat nav!”

Daniel smiled. This was the Ellen Hemmingdale he knew and loved; smart, sarcastic, sharp and sassy. Not to mention sexy. She was most definitely sexy, even when she was feeling tired and focused on other things.

*270*2023-11-14 23:40

Ellen leaves for Dundee

Ellen woke before Mykhaila who was still lying breathing slowly on the bed beside her holding her teddy with one hand outstretched. Her eyes blurry from lack of sleep she sat up wishing there was a kettle in the cabin so she could at least make herself a cup of tea. Sliding out to get a quick shower she walked back into the cabin to see Mykhaila sitting up clutching her teddy tightly in her arms. Suggesting they both get dressed and go for some breakfast Mykhaila nodded as Ellen held up her clean school uniform, helping her get washed and dressed and then taking her hand to walk to the canteen.

Chatting away to the girl and getting just simple quiet replies Ellen looked down a corridor to see the film crew chatting and filming the Mishura’s as Dmitro carried bags out and the camera panned along the corridor in her direction. Pulling Mykhaila away so she wouldn’t be caught on camera they turned the corridor towards the canteen as Ellen continued talking patiently to her little charge as the smell of cooked bacon and sausages made her stomach rumble.Walking into the canteen Ellen heard a group of young people chatting loudly as she turned to see Vladislav, Taras, Marselina, Teona, Maria and Yana all sitting at a table surrounded by their bags drinking and eating excitedly. Smiling over at them even though none of them saw her she felt proud of every one of them on the morning of their move to Dundee.

Still talking to Mykhaila, getting a little worried about her lack of communication back, she turned to see Daniel approaching them as her heart skipped a beat and her hands began sweating. Realising just how much she’d missed him last night and seeing him all smart and comfortable in Khaki green trousers and a cream v-neck sweater with a shirt and tie under Ellen longed to hug him, hold him and feel his body close to hers. Curious as to why he wasn’t in his usual grey suit though she smiled nervously as she watched him bend down to Mykhaila’s height to say good morning to her. Touched at his kindness the hairs on her neck stood on end as he then bent his head closer to her face, touching her arm and then her cheek as she anticipated him openly kissing her right in front of everyone in the canteen.

Partly wishing he had, but equally glad he didn’t, they exchanged a brief exchange as she watched Daniel’s features crumple a little when he realised just how little time she was able to stay in the tower block in Dundee. Sensing she was letting him down she tried her best to reassure him that she’d manage when Mykhaila suddenly spoke her first full sentence all morning.

“What did you have for breakfast Mr Daniel?”

Seeing Daniel smile again as he bent down to reply to Mykhaila Ellen couldn’t help but overhear as he told her he’d had porridge at home as she pictured him in his large immaculate kitchen eating at his glass dining table and leather chairs.

“I’m going to have sausages this morning. Do you like sausages?”

“Actually Mykhaila I’ve can’t have them because I’m a Muslim and we don’t eat pork. But I like lots of other things like porridge and breakfast cereal and toast.”

“And coffee like my mum!”

“Yes I definitely like coffee like your mum. I’d better let you get your sausages though so you can get to school.”

Ellen grinned, glad to hear Mykhaila talking to someone, even if it wasn’t her, as Daniel stepped aside to let them walk to the counter to get a tray to put their breakfast on.

Getting Mykhaila her requested sausages and some fresh orange juice she helped herself to some scrambled egg, toast and bacon and a mug of tea as she sat down opposite Mykhaila in the noisy canteen trying to imagine the large area quiet and empty when everyone moved on. Returning to the cabin Ellen did her makeup while Mykhaila went to the bathroom and brushed her teeth before school as Ellen kissed her goodbye and promised to be there to collect her at 3 as she handed her over to Myroslava who was walking both girls to school as arranged.

Leaving her clothing, laptop and other personal things locked in the Kravchenco cabin Ellen packed a small backpack with essential items and headed out to the foyer where all those moving had assembled. Looking around for Daniel Ellen saw him standing at the reception area with a clipboard in his hand looking every bit the organised, diligent man that she’d always known him to be. Keeping out of the way of the channel 4 film crew as much as possible the atmosphere was a real combination of excitement and trepidation as a minibus was seen pulling into the car park at last and a crowd of staff and refugees gathered on the gangway as the first group of refugees made their way down the gangway for the very last time and into the awaiting minibus lead by Dmitro and Tetyana walking hand in hand slowly as the heavily pregnant lady and her husband were filmed every step of the way.

Joining the line right at the end Ellen felt a hand on her shoulder holding her back as she turned to see Daniel right beside her as everyone else faced the front. With the noise of cheering and all eyes on the minibus Ellen locked eyes with her boyfriend as he drew his face ever closer until their lips met and he kissed her for the first time in public. Feeling exhilarated, excited, and elated Ellen knew her cheeks were rosy and her smile wide as she let their lips part gently still looking Daniel right in the eye.

“I’ll be back this afternoon. I’ll keep in contact and let you know when we get there.”

Unable to hear what he was saying over the cheering of the crowd Ellen made out his words only through lip reading as her eyes watered processing the reality of what Daniel had said. Squeezing her way through the crowd she sat right on the only window seat left as she looked out the window locking eyes again with Daniel as he waved goodbye to her and the 12 refugees on board, plus three of the channel four film crew, as the minibus started it’s engine and moved out of the port heading for the motorway towards Dundee.

*271*2023-11-16 00:09

Daniel waves goodbye to Ellen

Leaving Ellen and Mykhaila to have their breakfast Daniel walked back to where he was working to pick up his clipboard with the list of all those going on the minibus. Scanning down the names that he’d read over and over many times before he mentally ticked off Ruslana and Nadia, Tetyana and Dmitro, Marselina, Teona, Taras, Vladislav, Maria and Yana who he’d already seen that morning, before turning around to look for the final names on his list: two older ladies, Yelizaveta and Nina, who Ellen had told him were an elderly mother and her adult daughter.

Standing alone at the reception desk away from the main crowd he saw an older lady wearing a long coat and a head scarf with a younger woman beside her as he approached them carefully. Displaying his lanyard clearly he smiled at the younger woman and held out his hand.

“Are you Mrs Yelizaveta and Miss Nina Ivanov?”

“Yes. Yes we are.”

“It’s lovely to meet you both. I’m Daniel Omari, housing officer with Glasgow City Council. I just wanted to wish you both a smooth and pleasant journey to your new home this morning. Your new address will be flat 3B Tulloch Court, Hillend, Dundee. You’ll get the keys on arrival. It’s a two bedroom apartment. Have you got any questions?”

“Ellen told us there would be furniture there already. Mum was asking if we need to get food?”

“We have arranged for a local food bank to give you sufficient supplies for a few days. There will be support workers on hand today to make sure any benefits or grants are in place but I have also applied for government support that you are due as a result of all this upheaval. That should be in your bank tomorrow at the latest. Ellen will be with you today to make sure you get settled ok.”

“Thank you. Glasgow has been so kind to us. We are so grateful for your help.”

“You are so welcome. There will be a film crew on board the minibus but if you are uncomfortable being filmed please just let Ellen know. If you’ll excuse me though I think that’s the bus just arriving now.”

Leaving the ladies Daniel left the ship closing the doors behind him against the crowd gathering as he ran down the gangway alone to check in with the driver. Handing him over the clipboard he checked he knew where he was going before walking back up the gangway and opening the doors to an excited crowd and a camera crew all set up ready to film. Letting the camera man out first he turned to see him walking backwards down the gangway ready to film the refugees leaving as Aran and Celine appeared to be ordering everyone leaving into some sort of line. Not wishing to be seen on film if he could avoid it Daniel slipped through the crowd Looking anxiously for any sign of Ellen.

Hearing the film crew shouting up for Dmitro and Tetyana to start walking Daniel spotting Ellen at the very back of the line. Dressed flatteringly in a long butterscotch v neck jumper with jeans style full length leggings underneath, light makeup and her hair held off her face with a brown hairband that blended with her thick shoulder length hair naturally, she looked unbelievably beautiful and attractive as he reached out to touch her shoulder longing to pull her into his arms but knowing she had to leave. As Ellen turned to see him their eyes instantly locked together as unwritten messages of lust and want passed between them unspoken as Daniel knew he had to kiss her despite the crowd around them.

When his lips met Ellen’s Daniel felt like nothing else mattered to him as the cheering of the crowd grew louder and spontaneous clapping commenced. As he let go of Ellen as the line of leaving refugees moved Daniel caught Ellen’s eyes one more time as he hoped she could hear him above the cacophony of the crowd.

“I love you Ellen!”

Staring at the back of her jumper as she walked away towards the gangway and the minibus below Daniel pushed through the crowd anxious to see his girlfriend one last time. Squeezing down the busy gangway he stood in the car park watching Ellen taking a seat at the window as he patiently waited for her to see him. Hearing the engine start he waved as he caught her eye just in time as the minibus headed away out of the car park as the noise seemed to suddenly evaporate as everyone returned onto the cruise ship and went back to their lives again. Feeling a huge mix of emotions, and missing Ellen greatly already, Daniel made himself a coffee and headed back to his desk.

Lifting the lid of his laptop and typing in his security code Daniel took a sip of his coffee and was about to get on with work when a familiar voice interrupted him.

“You and Ellen make a formidable team you know. You should see those flats now. With the floorings down and the fresh paint and beds and sofas and tables in they looked so different to the photos you put up. I hate heights but even I could live in one of those apartments very easily. Well maybe not the top few floors, but the bottom one’s definitely.”

“Thank you for staying until the food bank and starter stuff arrived yesterday. I still can’t believe Keith never contacted those charities!”

“Having saw him yesterday I can. Arrogant attention seeker from what I saw. Never actually spoke to him mind you, but as soon as there was an audience or a camera he was there. When I was putting away the food and things just before I left he was bragging away to someone about how there would be a film crew coming today and how he’d arranged to do an interview with them in the caretaker’s flat. Never mind actually getting the folk food or saucepans or cutlery to eat with as long as he has his precious interview then everyone will be great. It’s you and Ellen they should be interviewing not that idiot of a man.”

“I’m much more of a behind the scenes quiet person personally, but I appreciate your compliments. It’s much more Ellen than me though. She’s the one they all know and love. She’s the one who has put her everything into helping them all. Do you know she stayed over with Mykhaila again last night because her mum was kept in hospital? She’s the real hero in all this not Keith Bryan.”

“Oh not again! That poor girl. I worry her mum won’t even be fit enough to move you know. It’s a real concern of mine to tell you the truth.”

“And mine. Ellen is so attached to them both too. I don’t know what she’ll do when they all move so far away.”

“I had assumed she’d work elsewhere with Shelter.”

“Me too. They don’t pay her for even half the hours she works you know. In fact I doubt they even know how amazing she is.”

Sipping at his coffee Daniel looked around the subdued ship with children all out at school and nurseries and many of the adults out at work too or quietly sitting in the canteen talking or drinking.

“This place isn’t the same without her is it?”

“No, it’s not…..Daniel, you do know she likes you, don’t you?”

“I like her too.”

“I knew it! I told her I thought you fancied her ages ago. She thought I was just winding her up! You two so need to talk! Oh I’m so excited!”

Saved from having to say anything else to Celine Daniel was never so happy to hear his mobile ringing as he answered it quickly, turning to face his laptop. Still blushing from hearing Ellen’s friend saying how much she liked him he put on a professional front as Annabel Harvey from Dundee and Angus food bank asked for further clarification on how many more refugees were arriving in Dundee and when.

*272*2023-11-17 00:08

The minibus journey

Staring out the window silently as the minibus made its way towards the M8 Ellen’s mind spun with so many thoughts: Was everything in place for their arrival in an hour and a half’s time? Had she forgotten anything? Who would be there when they arrived? What if the film crew, one of whom was sitting right next to her, wanted to talk to her or film her? How was Mykhaila doing at school?

Most of all though she was thinking of Daniel, dressed so different to his norm, looking so handsome and attractive in the earthy colours of his trousers and jumper which complemented and highlighted his gorgeous light brown coloured skin. What was so different about today that he wasn’t wearing his usual grey suit, and had he really just said he’d loved her as she was about to board the minibus? Playing back the romantic, blissful, but very public, kiss they’d shared just before she left she felt her body tingle and her cheeks redden as she saw the signs to Stirling and recalled the last time she’d made the same journey just over a week ago in Daniel’s car.

Listening to the film crew talking she turned to see the camera being set up to film the Mishura’s as Tetyana rested her head on her husband’s shoulder as they looked out the front window to watch where they were going. After getting some film out of a side window too the crew chatted quietly to each other as Ellen watched the signs counting down the miles to Stirling. Not long after the talking seemed to naturally end as the minibus fell silent again as Ellen wondered what everyone might be thinking. Looking out the front windscreen between the passengers in front of her Ellen read the overhead gantry as the road seamlessly changed from the M9 to the A9 as they headed further North towards Perth.

In was just around then that she heard a faint humming from the oldest on the bus sat right in front of her. Yelizaveta, a quiet reserved lady in her late sixties, sat with her adult daughter Nina beside her. Recognising the tune from Ihor’s party she wondered if everyone else could hear it in the otherwise quiet bus. Less than a minute later Nina began humming too followed by Ruslana who Ellen could see sat on the opposite side. Almost like a domino effect the tune seemed to gain friction as they travelled along the duel carriageway steadily with more Ukrainian’s humming before Ellen turned to hear a mouth organ as she smiled seeing Vladislav playing the tune sat on the back seat of the bus. That seemed to start something amazing as the sound of 11 very different unique people all sang a Ukrainian folk song in unison whileVladislav played. It was a song that Ellen had heard several times yet still had no idea what it meant.

Of course the film crew found this as equally compelling and spellbinding as she did as the cameraman knelt in the middle of the bus to film Vladislav playing then panned around the bus to film everyone singing. Tapping her hand on her knee in time with the tune Ellen couldn’t help but grin at the catchy rhythm and words even if she couldn’t understand a single word. When that song ended and a spontaneous clapping began Vladislav started a second song which everyone seemed to immediately know too. Caught up the patriotic moment Ellen felt honoured to be around such wonderful people who had been through so much yet never failed to rally around and support each other throughout.

They had passed Perth and were now less than half an hour away by Ellen’s calculations when the singing eventually died down and everyone was either talking quietly or sitting silently. Now on the final leg of the journey along the busy A90 Ellen was looking out of the window thinking when she was disturbed by one of the channel four crew tapping her shoulder. Turning to see what they wanted she saw Dmitro standing in the middle aisle looking anxious.

“Is there much longer to go Ellen? Could we possibly stop somewhere? It’s just that Tetyana is struggling.”

Nodding to Dmitro Ellen pulled herself off the seat as the man beside her slipped out to let her past. Getting anxious that Tetyana might be having contractions or something Ellen walked down the aisle to sit beside the heavily pregnant girl as she whispered to her to ask if she was ok. Hearing the camera getting set up again Ellen turned to signal to them that it wasn’t appropriate as she gave Tetyana space and privacy to tell her quietly what was wrong.

“Meni portriben tualet. I need…toilet.”

Nodding to her pregnant friend Ellen tapped her knee lightly to reassure her.

“We’re almost there now. How do I say that Dmitro? May tam?”

“Mayzhe tam.”

Struggling with what little Ukrainian she knew Ellen used her fingers to show they had around 20 minutes to go before slipping back to her own seat as the channel four crew member slid out again to let her in. She had barely sat down when he quietly asked if Tetyana was ok.

“She needs the loo.”

“Oh. She picked her times eh. This bit is awful for services. There’s nothing at all now until we reach Dundee.”

Remembering back to the last time she’d travelled the same stretch of road with Daniel very obviously bursting she nodded her head to the crew member.

“We were hoping to film everyone getting off the bus. That should still be ok though shouldn’t it?”

“Hopefully. Must be much harder with a baby pressing on your bladder though.”

“Yes, of course. It’s really not ideal all round.”

“No it isn’t. I suspect there might be other people filming and taking photos too. My colleague was at the tower block yesterday checking on furniture deliveries and from what she’s told me there might be quite a crowd to greet us.”

“Yeah we were actually just talking about that. Chris has had a text from the BBC who will be there and if they’re there then you can pretty much assume Sky and ITN will be too. It’ll be the usual media circus by the sounds of it.”

“Oh. I’ll maybe keep an eye out when we reach Dundee and see if there’s somewhere we can stop for her then. I wouldn’t fancy being filmed for the news and goodness knows where else if I was desperate for the loo.”

“Excuse me Ellen did I just hear you say you were needing the loo? I really shouldn’t have had so much tea before we left. Are we nearly there yet? I could really go a comfort break.”

“There’s only about 20 minutes or so now to go. There’s no services on this bit but once we reach Dundee I’ll keep an eye out for a supermarket or petrol station or the likes.”

Turning back she heard the crew member whisper again.

“Was that another one?”

“Yeah. Teona.”

“It’s almost as catching as that folk song isn’t it.”

“Oh I hope not. The last thing I need is a whole minibus of bursting refugees!”

*273*2023-11-17 11:54

*I will continue writing and will post again after maintenance is complete. Just a reminder that even if a chapter appears to have no omo I am still always writing with a very full bladder 🙂 *

*274*2023-11-18 00:22

Celine’s idea

Surprised to see Celine still standing close to his desk, now with a mug in her hand, he placed his mobile down and looked up to her. She was in so many ways the exact opposite of Ellen: younger, taller, slimmer, with short neat blond hair waxed around her ears and onto her face. It was obvious she still wanted to talk to him so he paused and looked at her expectantly.

“Sorry if I’m interrupting you. It’s just…well I know we have so much still to do here and so much still to sort, but having been to Tulloch Court yesterday myself I can’t help but think there’s so much more these people need. I mean we’ve covered the basics with the flats painted and carpeted and stuff and I’ve done my best to source beds and wardrobes and sofas and things but they just feel so…I don’t know…soulless? Here they can all gather and sing or dance or chat with each other; socialise. In their own apartments what will they do all day? I couldn’t sleep last night for thinking about that you know.”

“What are you thinking about exactly?”

“Well I know we don’t have the budget to get every flat a TV and if they want phones or internet then they’ll need to arrange that themselves, but surely we could do something more? Maybe books or toys for the kiddies, games, a radio even? Just something? Even just paper and pens. I just worry about them all being…well lonely to tell you the truth.”

Realising that lonely was a great description of his own life until just over a week ago when he started getting closer to Ellen, Daniel looked at his laptop as if it might suddenly hold the answer he needed before looking back up to meet Celine’s eyes.

“You’re right that we don’t really have the budget for more. It’s tight as it is really. But I don’t disagree with you. The cabins here are tiny compared to the tower apartments but seeing how little everyone had this morning I agree that the flats will be bare and boring if we don’t at least try to provide some sort of entertainment for them. How are you getting on with the furnishings? Have you got everything in place for the other flats, baring in mind there’s over 70 of them we still need to furnish?”

“Yeah. Forest Furnishings have a full warehouse in Stirling still of ex display stock or end of line stuff or cancelled orders we can have. I am actually going to see it tomorrow to check exactly what they have but I’m also waiting on IKEA getting back to me and I’ve been working with DFS and Sofology. I have an online meeting later this week with Archers sleep centre too. Obviously we’re needing large numbers of things so I contacted some charities in Dundee who I am now working with too. I am quietly confident that I can get everything we need in time. Did I tell you in even managed to get some desks and chairs for the students who left today? I actually got them direct from Dundee University who were putting them out as they were doing up their halls of residence. When I was over yesterday some guys from the university brought them over in a van.”

“I have a lot on and it sounds like you have loads to be working on too. I love your idea but have we really got time?”

“If I can make some calls and enquiries and arrange to store stuff in my garage do you think we could somehow get stuff to Dundee in a van at all? I was thinking winter clothing, blankets and bedding, toys, books, games, crafts for the kids…what do you think?”

“Ok…go for it. I’m sure there’s plenty charities in Dundee that could help too but there’s so many people that I’m sure anything we take from here will get used too. Just don’t go overdoing it though, will you? One workaholic around here is enough!”

“You or Ellen?”

“Well I went home last night so I think Ellen wins that one. Oh talking about Ellen that’s her just texted me. That’s them all arrived in Stirling. Good grief look at the crowd waiting on them!”

Daniel stood up to show Celine a photo Ellen had sent, making sure not to let her see any of the messages she’d sent before. It looked for all intents and purposes that Dundee was trying to outdo Glasgow with banners, balloons, and crowds cheering as Celine appeared to echo his thoughts.

“Half surprised they didn’t put a red carpet out for them. Geez oh, talk about overwhelming though! That’s enough to put poor a Tetyana into labour if they’re not careful!”

“At least we know they got there ok. I hope Ellen doesn’t get caught up there too long. She’s only gone and agreed to collect Mykhaila and Katya from school today!”

“Of course, Myroslava told me she was doing some extra hours cleaning. She’s trying to save for the move, bless her. She wanted Ellen to help her write to her employer to hand in her notice but Aran ended up helping her as nobody could find Ellen anywhere. Since she went that trip to Dundee last week she’s been harder and harder to find in here. She’s not getting the train back is she?”

“No. She’s coming back on the minibus. I think the film crew are heading back with her too.”

“Let’s hope the traffic isn’t too bad then. Oh, she’s just texted me that same picture. Right, I’d better go get on. See you later.”

“Thanks Celine. Keep me up to date with the furniture stuff won’t you?”

“I will. Oh and when Ellen gets back try and speak to her won’t you?”

“About what?”

Winking at Daniel as she left she smiled as she spoke.

“You know what!”

*276*2023-11-20 15:16

The minibus arrives in Dundee

Ever conscious of the fact that at least two passengers were keen to stop for a bathroom break Ellen looked out the front windscreen watching the traffic as they edged closer and closer to Dundee. The A90 was surprisingly busy and Ellen already knew that there was nowhere to pull in to stop even if they wanted to.

Passing the village of Longforgan on the opposite side of the road Ellen guessed there would be a pub or restaurant there they could have found had they been travelling in the opposite direction. But with no way in from the other side of the duel carriageway there was no way they could find out. Realising they were now just a few miles from the city centre her hopes of finding somewhere increased as they passed a ‘Welcome to Dundee’ sign and Ellen felt an excitement building in the minibus. 

With the film crew now setting up the camera once again Ellen eagerly looked in every direction for any signs of a petrol station or supermarket or even a hotel where they could pull in to allow those on board a comfort break. Unfortunately all she could see as they turned off the A90 onto the A85 towards the airport was houses and an industrial estate as she caught Dmitro’s eye as he turned to look at her looking anxious. Nodding to show she was very aware of his wife’s struggle she hoped that it wouldn’t be much longer before she saw somewhere with bathrooms they could use.

Veering off to Perth Road, a build up area, the minibus slowed down to 30 miles per hour as Ellen leaned forward in her seat looking in every direction she could. Surely now they were getting closer to the city there would be somewhere they could stop? Coming to a stop at a traffic light Teona leaned forward to ask if they were nearly there yet as Ellen turned to answer her.

“Not long at all now. Maybe about ten minutes or so I think.”

“I should never have had so much tea with my breakfast before we left.”

“Hopefully the city centre traffic isn’t too bad and we’ll be there soon.”

Deciding since they were moving slower than before and stopping and starting more with traffic lights and roundabouts Ellen excused herself to the man next to her as she slipped out to speak to Tetyana. Standing by the seat Dmitro and his heavily pregnant wife were sitting she knelt down to speak to them, all the time watching out for somewhere to pull in.

“We’re almost into the city centre now. The tower block is practically in the centre of the city so we shouldn’t be too much longer now. Are you ok Tetyana?”

Seeing the tension on the girl’s face Ellen already guessed the answer.

“I need very bad.”

“She’s absolutely bursting Ellen. She’s been holding it in for ages. I’m worried, what with the baby being so big too.”

“I know. If I see anywhere we can pull in I’ll ask the driver to do so I promise.”

Heading back to her seat Ellen couldn’t help but worry about Tetyana as the traffic seemed to get slower the closer to the city centre they got. Passing a large modern secondary school on one side and a cemetery on the other Ellen began recognising buildings she’d seen when she last visited with Daniel. The tree lined road was beautiful with its autumn colours and such a stark contrast to the built up tenements of Glasgow. Approaching another roundabout Ellen could hear Teona fidgeting behind her as she prayed the car in front would move so they could get through the roundabout. Looking ahead Ellen felt relieved to see a large Hilton hotel as she squeezed past the film crew again to speak to the driver.

“Sorry to bother you but would it be possible to pull into that hotel up there? There’s a few people desperate for the loo.”

“It’s not really worth it. We’re literally minutes away from Hilltown now. I’d be quicker going there to be honest with you.”

Thanking the driver she stood in the aisle and announced how close they were as they drove past a Travel Inn, shops, restaurants and take aways. Recognising more and more of the shops Ellen saw the indoor shopping centre as she cringed recalling how she’d wet herself in the food court there on her last visit. Now seeing the solitary tower block in the near distance Ellen pointed it out, announcing to everyone that that was their new home.

The last few minutes seemed to drag by as everyone became restless and eager to get off the minibus as finally they pulled into the car park with Tulloch Court towering over them. Looking out the window Ellen couldn’t miss the large crowd who were gathered outside the building holding banners and balloons and cheering as the driver parked up and turned off the engine. Seeing camera crews and reporters everywhere Ellen stood by the driver ready to let everyone off when the channel four crew started filming as one of them rushed up to her asking that they get off first so they could film Dmitro and Tetyana stepping off. Stepping to let them past Ellen glanced at Tetyana who had a hand wedged between her legs as she hoped the camera hadn’t filmed her in that position.

Sliding her own phone out to check the time Ellen snapped a photo of the waiting crowd and texted it to Daniel wondering what he’d make of it all. Stepping aside she waved to Dmitro and Tetyana to get off first. As Dmitro carried their hand luggage from by their feet he helped his heavily pregnant wife stand before walking towards the door to get off. Passing Ellen silently Ellen reached out to assist Tetyana as she heard her friend muttering under her breath.

“Need toilet so so bad.”

Realising everyone still needed to get the keys to their apartments Ellen waved to everyone else to get off as she walked to the side of Dmitro and Tetyana through the cheering crowd and cameras to find Keith and get everyone their keys. Hearing reporters shouting question after question to the refugees Ellen pushed her way into the building eager to find somewhere where Tetyana and Teona could use a bathroom. Remembering exactly where the caretaker’s apartment was on the ground floor she pushed the front door open smelling the welcome aroma of warm food and coffee as the silence felt so heavenly. Searching for the bathroom she breathed a sigh of relief as she returned outside to find Tetyana and Teona to show them where they could go.

Seeing the channel 4 film crew filming Dmitro and his wife walking through the crowd Ellen grabbed Tetyana by the arm, much to the vocal disgust of the crew. Ignoring their anger and annoyance she gently pulled Tetyana into the caretaker’s flat, immediately showing her the way to the bathroom.

“Thank you! Dyakuyu!”

Standing outside the bathroom in the hallway guarding the apartment to prevent the film crew coming in Ellen couldn’t help but hear Tetyana’s loud pee as she heard her sighing in relief. Judging by the length of her wee it was obvious that she had only just made it on time as Ellen felt so glad that she hadn’t had an accident given that she was being filmed. Quickly texting Celine the same picture she’d sent Daniel she thought of Teona as she waited on Tetyana coming out. Hopefully the girl was managing to wait just that little bit longer until she could find her and show her where to go until she got the keys to her own apartment.

As much as the cheering crowd, banners and cameras were welcoming Ellen guessed that to Tetyana and Teona, and possibly a few others too, a bathroom would actually be the most welcoming sight of all.

*277*2023-11-20 22:30

Daniel talks with the community nurse

With Celine away Daniel set about getting back to work when he spotted Victoria Fielding in her distinctive nurses uniform in the public area talking to someone. Waiting until she moved away he walked over to her concerned about a number of those still on board due to move within the next ten days.

“Hi Victoria, sorry to interrupt you on your rounds but I was wondering if I could have a word with you before you leave today?”

“Of course. I had planned to pop in to check on Mrs Mishura but I hear her and Dmitro have moved on. I’m delighted to hear they will finally have a secure home to have baby in but on a personal level I’m a little disappointed to not get to meet baby Mishura. Please tell me she hasn’t been expected to move furniture or anything in her condition?”

“Goodness no! They left this morning for Dundee and I had a text not that long ago to say they had arrived safely. Ellen went with them and everything is all set up for them. I believe they are even getting delivery of their baby box tomorrow, which I’m sure they will really appreciate.”

“That’s brilliant. There really wasn’t space for a new baby in that cabin they were living in. There’s not even a window for fresh air in those things. You haven’t seen Mrs Ivanov have you? The GP asked me to check her blood pressure again while I was here.”

“Yelizaveta? The older lady with her grown up daughter? They both left this morning too. I really should have sent you a list of names of those who were going today. I’ve been rushed off my feet and never even thought about it. I can’t apologise enough.”

“Oh goodness Mr Omari, don’t worry about it. As long as I know they are ok. Will you get Ellen to stress to them all about registering with a doctor in Dundee as soon as possible though? So, next on my list is Mrs Kravencho. Don’t tell me she’s left too?”

“Ah. No. She is one of the very people I wanted to speak with you about. You do know she was admitted to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital yesterday morning again? Apparently Yeva took her for a clinic appointment but her levels were far too low so they admitted her as an emergency.”

“Seems I appear to be the last to know about everything around here. I’m not that shocked though to tell you the truth. She’s a very sick lady sadly but I hope for her daughter’s sake that she gets a transplant very soon. Please tell me someone has at least informed the little girl’s social worker?”

“I’m afraid I can’t help you with that one. I know Ellen stayed over with her last night but she’s in Dundee right now supporting the transition of the first group of people who left this morning. She’s back later this afternoon though so I’ll check then. In your opinion though, as a nurse, do you think Mrs Kravchenco is likely to be well enough to move within the next ten days? The cruise ship departs on the 8th October but I don’t think anyone anticipated a situation where one of the residents was an inpatient in hospital. I’m really not sure what will happen in a situation like that and I was hoping you might have some idea?”

“I don’t know what her blood levels are at, or how effective her dialysis has been lately, but obviously if she’s been admitted that tells me they are concerned and feel she’s unsafe to be out in the community. Given how she’s been in the last few months I would say it’s not likely she’ll be fit enough to travel any time soon and I can tell you that the hospital will not allow her to be released without ensuring she has adequate medical follow up in place. With all the best will in the world, Mr Omari, I can’t see how such a complex case can be transferred to a different health board when she won’t even have a GP there yet. Until a doctor signs to say she is fit to travel I can’t foresee her moving I’m afraid.”

“So you think we might have to wait and perhaps transport her via taxi when the time comes?”

“IF the time comes. As I say it’s not my call but she’s frail and sick and very weak. Between you and me I’m surprised her little girl’s social worker hasn’t been more proactive in this case.”

“Proactive?”

“Mrs Kravchenco is in no fit state to look after herself right now let alone a child. Sorry Mr Omari but I really do need to get on. I have bloods to take from Mrs Abrahamovsky, a prescription for Ms Bakai and a dressing to change for Mr Gura. Do you still wish to see me before I leave?”

“No. No. You’ve been very helpful. Thanks for your time.”

Watching as the nurse moved on Daniel couldn’t help but think of Ellen, worried he’d said too much to Victoria and the consequences of her now knowing that Mykhaila’s mum was back in hospital. Sliding his phone out his pocket he longed to hear Ellen’s voice as he pressed to call her hoping she was free to answer.

Hearing a lot of noise in the background Daniel felt his spirits lifting immediately on hearing Ellen’s familiar voice on the other end of the phone. Checking all was ok and that shed had a good journey first he then quickly updated her on Celine’s latest idea, immediately hearing Ellen’s infectious enthusiasm and excitement about it all as she added a few ideas of her own. Feeling guilty for then having to say something less welcoming he allowed Ellen to speak before calmly asking her, as casually as he could muster, if she’d contacted Mykhaila’s social worker to inform them about her mum. Hearing the silence on the other end Daniel already knew the answer.

“I’ll give her a call on the journey back. I really need to go Daniel. Keith is wanting us all out of here to do some TV interview or something and I want to check everyone has found their apartments before I leave. Tell Celine I love her idea. I’ll text when I’m leaving ok?”

“Ok. Oh and Ellen…I miss you!”

“I miss you too. Sorry got to go!”

Daniel walked back to his work area wishing he’d gone to Dundee with Ellen, but most of all wishing he’d kept his mouth shut to Victoria. While his head knew it was the right thing to inform social services he couldn’t help but think back to all his girlfriend had shared with him about her own experiences in care as he guessed why Ellen hadn’t called Mykhaila’s social worker, even though she too would know the consequences of not informing them.

Now with the knowledge that Diana would likely not be back on the ship before it sailed away he could only hope that Ellen would actually make the call, even though he knew it would break her heart.

