My first fiction - Page 4

*075*2019-01-25 08:37

{{7 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic I am so glad that Sarah is helping Will

}}

Thank you for your love,y ongoing comments. It makes me want to write more and more.

*078*2019-01-25 14:35

Sarah drove home with the biggest smile on her face she could ever remember.

It was so lovely to see her house again as if she had been away for weeks rather than one night. Everything seemed so different, yet familiar, as she put the kettle on and plugged in her mobile to charge. Within a few minutes she was sitting at her kitchen table booting up her laptop catching up on social media and checking emails. She was reading things several times over though as her mind kept drifting to Will and all that had happened.

Her email box was filling fast and already she had another new client she could fit in to replace when Will should have been coming on Thursday. She replied professionally to as many emails as needed it, aware that she was outside office hours but too dedicated to bother. She was more content when she was organised, on top of things and busy. Maybe she wasn’t so different to Will after all, though thinking of his cleaning list did make her smile. Her house was clean enough but her coffee and tea wasn’t anywhere near as ordered as his was.

Sarah finished her tea and glanced at her watch, shocked to see midday had already passed. She needed groceries so slipped on her coat and headed out, her mind still dreaming idly of Will.

Will was stressed. Despite changing the times of his cleaning schedule things were just not working out as they should. Change threw him, stressed him,even made him angry at times. He could not focus on dusting, hoovering and doing his online shopping as he had woken at a different time, made more toast than usual and been later starting his chores. It wasn’t that he didn’t like Sarah, absolutely not, but change was just so anxiety inducing. It took until the evening before he finally started relaxing again.

Sarah’s Sunday was uneventful. She called round to see her mum in the nursing home, did some stuff around her house and researched and printed some things for work. She couldn’t decide wether to text Will or not. She had suggested meeting in a coffee shop after work but they hadn’t arranged anything formal and she knew that would be stressing Will. She worked late Tuesdays and Thursdays. Could she wait until Wednesday or even worse next Friday to see him? Her heart longed to be in his arms again and she gave in and texted him just after lunch on Sunday.

‘Hi Will, wondered if you would like to meet in Starbucks just along from McDonalds in the retail park after work tomorrow? 6pm?. Sarah xx’

Will was watching a film half asleep when the beep of his mobile startled him. He wasn’t sure what to text a beautiful girl a few days after making love to her so his anxiety told him just to do nothing. He cared. He just had no idea how to show it.

Starbucks? How Will longed to go there as he read review after review of their coffees and wished he could try one. He even googled scripts of how to order a coffee and rehearsed them alone in the hope one day his anxiety would ease enough to let him get inside a coffee shop. Add to the the fact he missed Sarah so much and before he could think any more about it he texted back.

‘Yes. See you there. Will’

He pressed send. Then he reread Sarah’s text six times over. She ended with two exes. Was that kisses? Should he have ended his with those? He had no idea. Maybe he should have? He decided he would. So he texted a second time.

‘Xx’ and pressed send.

Sarah smiled at the first text and burst out laughing at the second one. She could imagine Will rereading her text and then thinking he had forgotten the kisses and then deciding to correct himself. He so made me smile. He really was special and she was so looking forward to seeing him again.

She wondered if he was recording his intake and output or wether he had taken that photograph of his toilet yet. Then she remembered how he never used the bathroom at work and her body became very excited at the thought she might see Will desperate to pee again. Now that was a beautiful sexy thought indeed.

*080*2019-01-25 23:40

By Monday morning Will’s mind was more focused, more in control. He knew what to do on workdays, always getting out of bed at the same time, taking the same length of time to shower and dress and he made the same breakfast as always. It worked, and Will liked things to work. He liked his life controllable and predictable. If Will had his way even his peeing would be at the same time daily. Maybe that was party why he could only go at home? He’d never really thought about it he just knew that however much he wanted to he just could not release or relax properly until he was safe at home. In four years he had only ever used the toilet away from his home twice and those were both due to Sarah. He would be lying if he didn’t say that both those times had been euphoric but they were far from the norm and unlikely to happen again.

As Will drove to work he suddenly remembered that he was meeting Sarah after work in Starbucks. Fear, excitement and anxiety meant he almost didn’t see the traffic lights change and he was centimetres away from bumping into the car in front of him. He switched back to work mode immediately, deciding he would remain in that mode until the end of his work day.

He parked in the same spot he always did, signed in and slid his card to open his office door all without seeing a soul, just the way Will liked it. He hung his coat behind his seat, filled the coffee machine from the small sink in the room, switched it on and booted up his computer. It was time to work so Will switched off every other thought and focussed on work single mindedly. That was what made him good at what he did, one of his best character traits and something that very much delighted his employer.

Sarah chose her clothes with more attention than usual. This was like a proper date and although she had been very intimate with Will already she still wanted to look her best, her most attractive, for him whilst still looking professional for work. She opted for a little more attention to her make up, some jewellery she kept for special occasions and a pretty headscarf to accessorise with. The pretty pink roses on the otherwise white and navy scarf looked stunning against her navy trouser suit and white blouse. Her suit jacket looked a bit too formal to help her clients relax so she swapped it for a navy cardigan that was more relaxing and welcoming. She had a few heavy clients lined up who could potentially leave her drained and down so she was especially looking forward to seeing Will at 6pm.

Will’s morning was focused and busy as the problem he encountered with the software persisted throughout the morning. It was frustrating but Will persisted and was thorough until progress seemed to be made. He stopped briefly for lunch, which he had alone in his office whilst checking personal emails and having a read of the news online. He had already had two mugs of coffee whilst working so he drank a bottle of water with his chicken wrap and apple instead. He felt a slight twinge from his bladder but nothing worth even noting and since he never ever left his room during working hours, nor had he any idea where the bathrooms were, it certainly wasn’t going to bother Will. He would go when he got home later. Then he suddenly remembered he was meeting Sarah so he sighed and figured he would just hold a little longer tonight. No big deal. His bladder was strong and he had been holding for years so nothing to worry about.

Sarah arrived at work to quite a pile of mail that needed her attention. Bills, referrals and business information that she needed to sort through as soon as she could. Her working week however, always commenced with a Skype call from her mentor to protect both her mental and physical health and to ensure Sarah didn’t feel isolated or alone. Sarah put the kettle on for a cup of tea to have while her and her mentor discussed important issues.

By the time her call had finished Sarah’s first client of the day was waiting. Whilst supporting and listening Sarah found herself having consumed a full glass of water over and above her tea earlier. The digestive biscuit she had eaten had made her thirsty. By the time her first client left and her notes were written up the next client was waiting. Some days were just so busy but Sarah wasn’t complaining as this was her livelihood, her own business, and she needed it to pay her bills. By the third client she felt a slight tingle between her legs reminding her she should pee as soon as she had an opportunity. With a client with her though her bladder would just need to wait.

Sarah was typing up some brief notes from her third client when her receptionist chapped her door.

‘I’m just nipping to the bakers and wondered if you fancied anything?’

Sarah’s cup a soup and crisps could wait for another day and she jumped at the chance of a freshly made roll and the delicious soup she knew the bakers always had.

‘Oh yes please Hannah. Would you mind getting me some soup, and a ham salad sandwich please? I’ll gibe you some money. Thank so much!’

As Sarah walked to the coat stand to get her handbag to give Hannah money she noticed the pile of mail she had left which Hannah had added to with today’s mail.

‘I’ve left a note of a couple of people I said you would call back Sarah. A GP from Southfield practice and the printers about your new business cards. I stuck them on a post-it note on top of the mail. See you soon!’

Sarah didn’t mind her receptionist leaving during lunch. She was so grateful for such a natural intuitive young girl who could be trusted to work independently whilst she saw clients and she of all people knew how important breaks were and how beneficial a breathe of fresh air could be. The only downside was the fact she would need to answer the phone herself until Hannah returned.

As if reading her thoughts at that very moment the phone rang and Sarah answered it in her room as Hannah waved and closed the door quietly. It was a colleague from the children’s mental health team wanting to discuss a client who was moving onto adult services but who required continued support. Sarah opened up a file on her computer as she typed in details during the ten minute call. She then opened the mail, reading and dealing with each letter as necessary, completely forgetting her earlier thoughts of a bathroom visit. By the time she answered another call then ate her soup and roll and drank a mug of tea she suddenly realised her next client had arrived. Never mind, she would pee later. She still had some important calls to return and she needed to fit those in between clients too. It really was a hectic Monday!

*082*2019-01-26 11:18

Wondering if peole are still reading and enjoying? Happy to keep writing if people want?

*085*2019-01-26 16:32

{{4 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Yes loving it! U have real talent

}}

Great. New chapter coming later today.

{{57 minutes ago, LOLC2k said:

I certainly enjoy it. Love the Sarah parts more, of course, but it is still very well written!

}}

Thank you. There will be more of a Sarah desperate soon!

*088*2019-01-27 00:12

By the time Sarah’s last client, well clients on this occasion as she tried to help them through some marriage difficulties, arrived Sarah was well aware of her bladder. As she opened her counselling room door to nip to the loo finally she was met by both clients having an argument in her waiting room. Whilst the waiting room was otherwise empty it was neither fitting nor appropriate for such behaviour and Sarah felt it would be better for everyone if they took the matter into her private room right away. Hannah didn’t need to hear raised voices, Sarah definitely didn’t want anything like this in the background during any phone calls and the last thing Sarah wanted was an all out fight to end her hectic Monday.

The adrenaline initially meant Sarah’s bladder was no longer sending signals, or maybe her body was just overriding these as a more urgent situation needed her attention first, but either way it was ten minutes into the session before Sarah remembered she really needed the bathroom. She hadn’t intended to but, once again, time had ran on and she had not had chance to pee her entire day.

This was a very intense session and Sarah most definitely could not call a break or excuse herself. Tensions ran very high between both parties and it was all Sarah could do to keep things calm and under control. She had to keep stopping them from raising voices and making each client stop and listen. It was emotionally draining not helped at all by the fact Sarah’s bladder decided to push against her for release. Sarah crossed her legs tight and tried to focus though her urethra was sending strong signals for her to get release. She bounced her knee, swung her top leg and used her hands and arms to pull her tightly crossed legs towards her as if hugging them. Her bladder was hard and full but it was impossible for Sarah to leave her room for the next hour and she was beginning to worry.

By 3:30 Will was aware of a growing need between his legs. This was standard though and he learnt to ignore it. For ages he carried on regardless showing no signs of needing the bathroom at all. In fact he was so cool about it that he had some more water while he worked, as well as a sneaky biscuit to keep him alert. He was focussed on work and that was what he was here for though by 4:15 he did feel the need to cross his legs as the feeling of fullness in his bladder was pushing for more release. He didn’t want to think about his change of routine tonight nor the fact he would need to hold his pee even longer than normal if he was to make it home dry as always. He had over an hour of work left and he wanted to get the task complete.

Sarah felt quite uncomfortable with the situation she was in, not just the animosity between both clients and the tension that this carried but by the fact she was getting increasingly keen to have a wee. She found herself unconsciously shifting about willing the session to be over, though when she glanced at the clock she was only 15 minutes into the hour. Time was dragging as she continually had to remind her clients why they were here and to listen and respect one another. Some moments she felt very in control, both of the work situation and her personal struggle but at other moments she felt uneasy and struggling. She was fighting too battles simultaneously which made it much harder for her to keep her need for a bathroom at bay.

She shuffled forward on her hard seat, having given both clients her leather armchairs, picking up papers to distract from the fact she was bouncing a little now on her seat. Her vagina just would not stop pounding and her bladder ached to be released. She tried turning on the seat and crossing her legs but that only stopped the constant bombardment from her bladder for a very short time. She asked her male client a question, only to have to request he repeated his answer because she was so distracted fidgeting on her seat to hear what he said. This made him angry which flared the situation even more! How dare her bladder affect her work! This was so incredulous when there was a ladies right next door! That thought taunted Sarah as she tried to remain in control despite being bursting.

Will was in the middle of typing when he suddenly felt a strong urge to piss. Instinctively he grabbed himself and squirmed on his seat. He always ended up very desperate to pee by the end of his long working day and his half hour drive home was always filled with frantic rubbing, pinching and bouncing on his seat. He’d worked in the same place now for three years but as he didn’t know anyone or speak to anyone he had no idea where the bathroom where, and even if he did he knew he would never be able to ‘go’ regardless of how much he needed to. Will was so looking forward to getting back to his own apartment and using the toilet.

The thought increased his need and as he bounced both legs at the knee under his desk when his mind suddenly recalled his Starbucks meet up with Sarah! He actually thought about texting and cancelling when he remembered the feeling of her stunning auburn hair running through his fingers, the warmth of her lips as they kissed and as he closed his eyes he pictured her beautiful naked body. He was instantly hard now and knew there was no way, regardless of how hard the change would be for him, that he could cancel. He would just need to wait a bit longer to piss than normal. Sarah knew about his struggle and Will reasoned she would understand and perhaps come back to his again with him so he could pee. She always understood and helped him. He would make it. He had too!

Things were slowly calming a little for Sarah, at least on the work front. Both parties were relaxing more and a bit more open to hear the other party. Things were not at all calming between her legs though as her desire to pee kept increasing and increasing to the point she was sure that had the couple not been so angry at each other and entranced in their own troubles they would have been able to tell that they were in the presence of a professional lady who was very desperate to pee! Sarah was sweating and warm from holding so much liquid that she took off her cardigan and folded it neatly on the floor beside her.

She glanced up at the clock as she did so and noticed there was a full twenty minutes left of the session before she could pee. ‘This will be a close call’ she thought to herself as she wriggled around trying to stop herself from leaking. She was longing to hold between her legs but that was way too undignified and unprofessional. Instead she tightened her muscles as much as she could and squirmed as much as she dared. Oh how blissful her piss would be when she got to go! ‘Not long now’ she whispered to herself.

By 5:15 Will was bursting! He could hardly believe how suddenly his need had grown from casually needing a bathroom visit to absolutely desperate for one! Taking advantage of the privacy he had he had undone his trouser button and massaged his balls and penis through his suit trousers and grey boxers. When he was hard and thinking of Sarah he found it eased his need but then something would distract him and suddenly his bladder would spasm and he ached to pee! He decided he would meet Sarah and they would go immediately to his apartment, just a small divert on the way home was all he could imagine coping with right now. His bladder was controlling his behaviour, his thoughts and his immediate future.

Sarah was trying to wind things down in her session when out of nowhere the female client burst into tears! Sarah handed her the box of tissue and the atmosphere changed and calmed as the girl sobbed for several minutes before she could even say anything. An awkward silence fell in the room only broken by the noise of Sarah squirming and swinging and bouncing her legs. Sarah cared about her clients, it was what set her apart as a counsellor and therapist, but she also cared about her own dignity and right now she knew she was not acting or looking professional as she moved about constantly on her seat. Her need to use a bathroom was all consuming and she hoped the client would settle quickly as not only did she need to run to the bathroom before she wet herself but she also longed to see Will. What she would do for one of his comforting, gentle and soothing hugs right now! Oh but she HAD to pee first, so urgently.

*091*2019-01-28 00:52

Sarah watched the clock as the hour of her clients appointment ticked by with neither of them showing any desire to leave. Sarah had a huge dilemma; her bladder and heart both longed for them to leave as her need to pee was fierce and her desire to see Will strong, but her head and business mind knew that rushing vulnerable clients out wasn’t at all good for business. She took control gently by summarising the session and using subtle body language such as putting her cardigan back on to indicate that today’s session had ended. This was the part of the job Sarah struggled with.

She never could bring herself to be abrupt enough to say, ‘thanks for coming again. Please make your next appointment at the front reception on your way out.’ It just wasn’t Sarah’s style as she much preferred things to start and end naturally. But her need to pee was becoming all consuming and controlling and she found herself standing up and walking towards the door hoping her clients would finally leave. Any longer and the place would need locked up due to the alarm timer so Sarah was grateful when they both raised from their seats and put their coats on. Sarah stood with her legs tightly crossed pressing her muscles as tight as she could. As she pulled the door open to let the couple leave Sarah glanced at the waiting room clock realising she should leave immediately if she wanted to meet Will on time. She just had to wee first though, however late she was!

Will was struggling. His need to release was very strong and he could no longer think about work. He paced the room as he tried to work out what to do. He was frequently this desperate by this time of day and leaked a fair few times on his journey home but today he wasn’t going straight home. He was meeting Sarah somewhere he had always longed to go to but never managed. Somewhere new and different and terrifying. Will longed with all his heart to see Sarah, to sort his life out, to overcome his crippling anxiety, but right this second he longed to be in his apartment standing feet slightly apart, his penis in his hands as he relaxed and pissed for eternity.

He slipped his hand inside his trouser waist and squeezed his penis closed as his mind almost caused his body to release. There was just one thing stopping him cancelling or even texting Sarah and suggesting a later time and that was the sheer logistical fact that Starbucks was actually nearer than his own apartment. Surely they would have a toilet and surely with Sarah’s support he would manage to urinate there? Sarah had assisted him on two previous desperate emergencies before and he needed her help again so badly.

Will quickly filled in the chart on his phone that he was completing for Sarah with the amount of liquid he consumed and the times he released. He calculated the exact volume of three mugs of coffee and two bottles of water as he rubbed his swollen and hard bladder and danced about frantic to pee. Five more minutes and he would slip out making sure to avoid all contact with other people and make his way to meet Sarah. He was sweating with nerves and too much waste fluid inside him. For the next five minutes he held and rubbed his penis trying to keep from leaking.

Sarah stood at the door to her room as her clients both checked their phones to clarify their next appointment. They were blocking Sarah moving and reaching the toilet and generally taking fat too long to exit. Meanwhile Hannah had her coat on in preparation to leave, her computer already logged off and shut down as she diligently walked towards the others with a set of keys in her hand. Sarah was almost in tears trying to stop herself from having an accident as she bounced on the balls of her feet and bent forward as much as she dared.

She was almost physically pushing the couple out of the doorway when she watched Hannah in horror as she proceeded to lock both sets of toilets ready for the building being shut down. The facility was part of a larger building on a residential street with strict regulations about when they could open and close which had been agreed to appease local residents. To ensure this happened an alarm system was installed that went off if the building was still occupied after a certain time. Hannah, of course, knew this and having swept and tidied the waiting area, closed her reception desk and turned everything off she could, she was only doing her job to lock up as she was aware Sarah’s final clients of the day were running over time.

On seeing Hannah do this the couple suddenly realised their error and left promptly while Sarah had no choice but to quickly grab her laptop, notes and her coat and lock her room on her way out. She glanced briefly at the bathrooms almost in tears as she evacuated the building with just minutes to spare. Hannah breathed a loud sigh of relief as the two ladies headed to their cars and Sarah heard her shouting over ‘That was close tonight! I really wish clients would leave on time eh!’ Sarah climbed into her cold car wishing the exact same thing, though not just for the sake of some stupid alarm. Throwing her bag and laptop onto the passenger seat she threw one hand immediately between her legs as she closed the drivers door.

As Hannah drove off Sarah found herself kneading her private area for all she was worth, almost masterbating with an extreme need to wee. She bounced up and down, one hand squeezing and pushing against her urethra as he legs bounced and writhed furiously in desperation. ‘I’m so bursting’ she muttered to herself. ‘Not sure I’m going to make it.’ And as if to emphasise to no-one else but herself, ‘I’m gonna pee myself if I don’t get to a loo soon!’ The 15 minute journey to Starbucks felt way too long! She doubted her capacity to last another five minutes let alone 15!

Will was a master at leaving his office without seeing anyone. If it was an Olympic event he would secure gold at every opportunity. He listened for footprints as he stood at the door, coat on, bag on his back and one hand squeezing his member for all he was worth. He signed out and swiped the doors open and was in his car in record time, throwing his bag on the passenger floor, all the while holding his fledging penis between his thumb and forefinger as it craved to be free to piss.

As quick as he could Will fastened his seatbelt, started his car and drove out the car park. He was so tempted to just drive home, pee, cook Monday night’s dinner like he always did and forget all about Sarah but he knew that was just a combination of his severe bladder urgency and his severe anxiety. He wasn’t sure he could make it to Starbucks dry but since it was four minutes and twenty seconds nearer than his home (Will thrived on exact times) he theorised that he had marginally more chance of making it there dry than home. He just hoped tonight’s traffic would be kind!

Wether it was the distraction of seeing Will again or the logistics of diving but Sarah found her intense need dying down ever so slightly to a dull ache as she made her way through rush hour traffic to the coffee shop. Oh she still needed to pee, extremely badly, but as long as her mind thought of something else she seemed under control, just. It didn’t stop her muttering in frustration at ever amber or red light and every slow car at the roundabouts though. ‘Oh hurry up, I’m bloody dying for a piss here’ and ‘Oh God lights change NOW before I soak myself and my car’ and even when traffic was moving steadily she as moaning to herself, ‘Oh gotta pee’. Sarah just hoped the ladies in Starbucks didn’t have a queue.

Will was tearful, stressed, angry and agitated. His need to use a bathroom was making him edgy and snappy. He cursed at every red light, flashed his lights at a slow bus and tooted when a taxi cut him up. It was somewhat out of character for Will but his body was in pain and his penis ached with the squeezing. His boxers were already damp with drops of urine and Will was angry at himself for his sheer inability to find the toilets at work, use them, speak to people and pee with others around. What could be so difficult when your whole body would do anything for release? This wasn’t fun anymore and he wanted it over with now. Anger at least pushed his anxiety aside and enabled him to turn off the main road and second left into the retail park when he found the coffee shop and parked facing away from the entrance so no-one could see his clenched teeth and crotch holding. He was so distracted by the burning sensation in his urethra he hadn’t noticed a car pulling up speedily beside him.

Sarah pulled into the car park driving one handed as she pushed against her work trousers and knickers urgently. As she raced into the retail area she skidded into the parking space at record speed. ‘Almost there’ she muttered as she unclipped her seatbelt and grabbed her hand bag with not a moment to spare.

Will caught a glimpse of the girl getting out beside him and he was once again entranced by everything about her. Her smart work trousers, her fitted white blouse, her navy cardigan he could easily imagine removing from her and her feminine little light scarf that bounced off her breasts and bouncing legs. Sarah didn’t look happy though and Will wondered if his lack of texts or emails were to blame. He opened his car door and climbed out, immediately having to tightly cross his legs as a small squirt shot from his throbbing dick.

At first Sarah hadn’t even noticed Will but hearing the car door shut just after hers made her turn. She couldn’t help but pee dance madly between the cars as she noticed Will bent forward and obviously holding himself.

‘Hi Will, please excuse me here. I’ll be with you really soon but honestly if I stand here another minute I’m going to piss myself so badly. I’m beyond desperate to pee. I’ll meet you inside in a bit...or come get you in your car if that’s easier’ she shouted back as she ran towards the entrance.

Will stood there legs crossed, hand squeezing his crotch, bent forward wondering wether to try facing the gents or risk waiting for Sarah in his car in the hope he could hold on while she peed and then the next four minutes plus to his apartment. He looked at the entrance to the coffee shop, then his car, then back to the shop as he hobbled towards the shop obvious to anyone looking that he was a man right on the verge of an accident.

*095*2019-01-29 14:37

Sweat drops gathered on Will’s forehead and the back of his shirt was warm and sweaty. He was well out of his comfort zone but faced with the fact his body was demanding strongly for somewhere to pee he pushed himself through. He almost ran after Sarah with one hand in his pocket grabbing his penis and the other hand trying to hide the growing wet spot on the front of his suit trousers. His teeth were clenched, his muscles tight, his toes curled as his whole body tried to hold on just a bit longer. The lights were bright, the sound of coffee machines and chatter overwhelming and the warmth of the building made him sweat more than ever. Will looked at the floor, raising his head just enough to watch Sarah’s feet run to the corner where he assumed the bathrooms were. Then she suddenly disappeared.

Sarah was mortified. She was a businesswoman, respected in the community and at risk of seeing current or previous clients in a public coffee shop in the town she lived and worked in. Yes here she was hurrying to the toilets in the least ladylike manner ever. She could feel her urethra so strong as it pushed frantically for release. Her bladder hurt, her head was spinning, her eyes felt like they were filled and overflowing. All she could do was attempt to get to the ladies before her body gave in. She saw the sign marked ‘toilets’ and made a run for it.

Will entered the door and stood trying to process his surroundings for a second. A further four doors were signposted: ladies, gents, disabled and baby change. He was struggling to think but the visual sign of the man forced him to push open the gents. Will stood there frozen in fear, holding his penis as tight as he could through his trouser pocket. There in front of him was another man peeing freely into a urinal and one of the two cubicles also appeared occupied. Will ran to the free cubicle as his breathing became faster and his heart beat loud. He could barely breathe let alone pee though he hastily went through the motions of undoing his trousers and pulling his penis out of his damp underwear. Will stood there dying for release but so tense and afraid that nothing would work, regardless how badly he needed it too.

Sarah was so relived to see a stall free. She pushed the door shut, locked it and turned whilst dancing about like a little child. Her bladder was so full that she had to tug her trousers down as she sat down and relaxed. As the first spurt escaped she immediately knew something was wrong. She felt so much warmth and wetness, more than she should of, and as she glanced down she realised that her knickers had had a lower waistband to her trousers and hence as she pulled her trousers down her knickers had remained on. Sarah tried standing up over the toilet, her feet on the floor either side and she managed to pull her knickers just an inch down before the floodgates opened with a vengeance. It was too late. Her knickers were getting drenched so she left them half on, half off as she allowed her body to piss for all it was worth. Just then her mobile texted.

‘Sarah, please help me.’

Sarah replies as her pee gushed out of her at speed. ‘Have you made it to the toilets Will or are you still in your car?’

‘In toilet. People here. Can’t pee’

‘Will you can do this. I need you to stop texting and find the photograph of your toilet at home on your phone. Look at it, visualise yourself there, switch off to everything else. Imagine how it will feel to let yourself relax and release. Think of that picture as where you at right now, freely able let go, happy and secure. Text me back if you need any more help. Thinking of you. Sarah xx’

Will was crying. His boxers were wet, there was a wet patch on his suit trousers and he was standing abreast over a toilet holding his flaccid penis loosely in his hand with his phone in the other. He did exactly as Sarah said and pressed ‘photos’ on his iPhone and scrolled to the photo of his toilet back home. He tried to imagine being there but just then the toilet in the adjacent cubicle flushed and he wanted to scream. He wanted silence to do this and he wanted privacy.

In frustration he came out of photos and text Sarah again. ‘This is hard’

Immediately she replied: ‘I know but if you can do this I have something for you. I think you will like it.’

That got Will’s interest and his mind went into a spin. He wanted to know what it was but he could not leave the cubicle until he released. He brought the photo back up, shut off his mind to the sights and sounds around him and imagined himself in his own bathroom, looking at the toilet on his phone, relaxed, happy and secure. It took over a minute before his body finally responded to his thoughts as slowly a little urine released then stopped, then restarted, then stopped. Finally a slow but steady stream came as Will signed with relief though his stream had a mind of its own and was not for ending any time soon.

Sarah was so relived to have made it...well sort of made it. Even after her pee ended and she sat there sighing from the intensity and relief suddenly out of nowhere she began pissing again. Clearly her bladder still had some left! Her knickers were drenched but other than a coin size wet spot her trousers seemed to have escaped. Sarah shook her trousers off as another spurt of pee dribbled out of her yet again. She pushed her trousers to the side as she pulled her soaked pants off and put them on the floor away from her trousers. She picked up her handbag and rummaged for the little sandwich bags she kept for disposing of used sanitary wear. Finding one she picked up her wet knickers and put them in the bag just as Will texted her saying ‘This is hard.’

Suddenly out of nowhere Sarah had a naughty idea. She recalled how aroused Will was by her desperation and urgency to pee at the weekend and she tied the plastic bag and changed her mind from putting it in the sanitary bin as originally planned to putting it in her own bag. It wasn’t the first this had happened to her though thankfully it was still rare. She text Will suggesting to him she had a surprise before putting her suit trousers on with nothing underneath and flushing. She could not stop smiling as she thought of Will while she washed her hands hoping that he had managed to pee. She imagined him so desperate at work again, thought back to seeing him holding himself when she saw him at his car and combined with her naughty secret of having wet pants in her handbag and no knickers on she found herself very horny for Will again.

Will was so proud of himself though somehow he still felt he hadn’t quite emptied as much as he needed. He had released loads though and nothing else was for coming right now so he tucked himself in, flushed, washed up and headed outside hoping Sarah was waiting for him and he wouldn’t have to enter the coffee shop on his own. He was so relieved to see her when he came out he threw his arms around her spontaneously and kissed her beautiful lips.

Sarah pulled away though she held onto Will closely.

‘So it worked?’

‘Yes! You are wonderful!’

And at that he kissed her again.

‘Let’s get that coffee Will eh?’

‘Yes please. I want to know what you have for me too.’

‘Let’s order and I’ll tell you handsome!’

*097*2019-01-29 19:10

{{1 minute ago, Wombat48 said:

This is great but when is Will going to not get there in time??

}}

I hadn’t thought about that since I am not into wetting but sure I could work it in just for you soon. Thank you so much for reading and commenting.

*099*2019-01-29 19:15

{{Just now, Wombat48 said:

Awwww thank you!

Ian interesting twist could be him starting to wet himself approaching the toilet and then not being able to continue once he got there??

}}

That sounds very plausible since he has leaked before. Your comment has given me a thought though and I hope you keep reading to see how I work it in naturally. Anything is possible since I am writing it as I go along. As long as true to to the characters there’s a lot could happen yet.

