Holders of Iron House

Author: Markj9494

*004*2020-11-08 07:00

Chapter 2: Pyramid Party.

“Is everything in place?” the partially obscured figure asked, her back to the only other person in the room as she looked out a large window over the campus.

“Yes Mam, as you requested.” Replied the woman behind her, taking a couple of steps forwards and placing something on the large desk.

“So all the delivery mechanisms are paired only to activate in close proximity to the list of devices I gave you?”

“Yes mam, they will only be activated if they remain in proximity for more than 5 seconds to the list of watches you gave me.”

“Perfect, you may go” she said, waving her hand at the door.

Sitting back in her chair she pulled open the bottom draw, sliding in a small plastic box from her desk and the signed order form that had just been returned to her.

Picking up a small white sphere from the desk she inspected it in her fingers, rolling it around as she watched the light bounce of its shiny surface.

Her hand stopped moving for a second, before she leaned over and dropped the orb into the glass of liquid she had been drinking from. Immediately it began to fizz and within seconds it had completely disappeared, leaving no trace as to its existence. “Perfect” she muttered again, sliding the drawer closed.

After waiting for Summer to get home after work and quickly change, the group of new friends made their way down the street towards the social club where tonight’s party was being organised.

“So how many people usually turn up to this thing?” Eloise asked

“Probably like 300 students, which is maybe two thirds of everyone.” Vanessa replied.

“Usually its mainly first years and some second and third years.” Kay replied, trying to pull something out of Julia’s small bag, the only one of them with something to carry items.

“So some tips for tonight if you want to survive it, don’t accept drinks from anyone else even if they are cute. Don’t mix alcohol, if you are doing beer stick to beer, and the same with any other type. Shots are good at getting you drunk but at £1 a go you may as well just get a regular drink and do it slower.” Kay continued, finally freeing her hand and whatever it was from Julia’s bag while the black haired woman looked on slightly annoyed.

“And take one of these, always cover your drink.” She said, handing over a folding straw lid combo thing.

“Why, I thought this was a nice university I cant believe anyone would drug you here.” Eloise said shocked, maybe she had made a mistake coming here after all.

“Oh no its not that, its…lets just say there is a stupid tradition where dickheads go around slipping diuretics into first year’s drinks. The straw turns blue if detects anything” Allie said, trying to calm her down although the casualness of that comment really didn’t fit the bill in her mind.

“Really!?”

“Yeah you would think that a bunch of students at one of the most prestigious Urodynamics and bladder holding universities would know better. But I suppose in terms of hazing its not too bad.” Vanessa added.

“For you, you were in a skirt when it happened and didn’t almost wet your Jeans every 5 minutes.” Summer interjected.

“Look, You were the one who refused to leave and besides you did better than Jess and Mandy”

“That’s because Jess got a triple dose and Mandy had the bladder of a mouse.” Vanesa said, a slight tone of mockery detectible as she spoke about the other women’s bladders.

“Is that even safe.” Eloise asked, still worried about what she was hearing.

“That’s the one upside, at least the people doing it knew enough to make it safeish.” Kay replied.

“Didn’t stop Jess pissing herself four times in two hours, including in the cab we shared back. I just wish I knew who did it so I could have passed on the bill. Lucy added, her own annoyance easy to hear although it was hard to tell if it was about her friends loss of control or the person who had caused it.

“Yeah, but you don’t have anything to worry about Eloise. It only seems to happen on this one night and seems to only be aimed at first years. So if you stick around us, people might just think you transferred into our year.” Zara said, the first and finally comforting thing any of them had said in the last minute.

“Oh ok, thank you for telling me all this and looking out for me.”

“Hey, your one of us now!” Allie added, grabbing her and pulling her into a half hug as they walked along.

Walking into the large hall the first thing Eloise noticed was the giant pyramid of Beer crates that were piled up in the centre of the room. The second was the large crowd of students awkwardly standing around it.

“Result, another pyramid party” Allie said, high fiving Zara as they walked in.

“Pyramid party?” Eloise asked confused by yet another new custom.

“Yeah, so its kind of like a …oh never mind” Allie stopped, pointing towards a woman holding a clipboard and walking towards the pyramid.

“Hello Freshers!” The woman said enthusiastically, a chorus of cheers going around from the students.

“So tonight we have a very special way to introduce all you newbies into the university, in what we like to call a pyramid party.”

“Here in the centre we have £1,000 of beer that has been generously paid for by the students union and for tonight it is free, for most of you.” She said, pausing for dramatic effect. Walking over to the wall next to the door she put a sheet up, 10 large stars on the front of it.

“For most of you, the beer is free. But for those of you unable to hold your bladders with the true strength of a Galgani Alumni. Brining shame to our prestigious university the cost is high…£100. The first 10 of you that lose control will have to pay it, but if you can finish the pyramid before 10 of you first years lose control then the cost is paid by us the third years!” Her sentiment followed by a number of playful boo’s from the third years. “Not only that, if you can finish this monumental task you all drink free for one term.”

A number of excited murmurs went around the crowd, a lot of the freshmen apparently liking their chances. But Eloise was doing the maths, there had to be 100 crates, each with two dozen cans…that was 2,400 beers that they needed to drink! There was no way the almost 300 students could drink that right? Or maybe that was the point. To give people an incentive to drink quickly and not realise that also meant filling their bladders quickly too. Although, if that was happening then if she paced herself she wouldn’t end up disgracing herself or having to fork out the money. The exuberant chanting and cheering for some of the women around her only putting her mind more at ease, they would all be drunk and desperate far before her.

“Without further ado, if Jenny would be so kind as to lock the door to stop people sneaking out. Let the games begin!” She shouted as a number of the students rushed the pyramid, tearing open the cardboard boxes and feverously ripping the beers out as if they had been given a time limit.

“Well may as well make the most of the free drinks.” Lucy said, walking towards the pile and carefully picking up and entire crate from the top and casually brining it back to their group as they stood around a tall table. Opening it she began handing around the cans, of which Eloise took one as did all the others. Kay finding a number of plastic cups and handing them around so they could each use their colour changing straws as an extra precaution.

“Shouldn’t you be trying to stop them finishing the pyramid?” Eloise asked, unsure why they would all drink the beer if it was increasing the chances of them paying for it.

“Oh no, trust us there is no way they can make it through all this. That’s 1,200 litres of beer right there.” Vanessa said, opening a can and pouring it into her cup.

“So has anyone ever finished it?” Eloise asked, intrigued by the event.

“I mean there are tales of it being done, something about a pair of massive bladdered women chugging it all back. But that was like 15 or more years ago and its gotten to the point where no one even knows who started it, and the dates change all the time so its probably just to give you guys hope.” Julia responded, sipping lightly on her straw and trying not to remove her purple lipstick on it.

Looking back to the pile she could see a number of women ravenously opening cans, tipping them back with reckless abandon as some of the beer spilled down their chins. She had seen things about binge drinking in England on the Television but this just seemed extreme, how could they possibly be enjoying what they were just shoving into their mouths. One of the women smashing the can against her head and crumpling it into a pile as her friends cheered, instantly going for another one.

“Holy shit, these first years are mad.” Lucy said, watching over Eloise’s shoulder at the spectacle in the middle of the room.

“They will burn themselves out pretty quick.” Vanessa said, dismissing the loud groups confidence.

But over the next hour she was proven right, the loud boisterous behaviour giving way to more drunken dancing and rambling at tables instead of the aggressive displays of drinking that were going on previously. Despite that Almost half the pile of beer was already gone and ignoring the desperate movements of a few of the women on the dance floor no one had lost it yet.

Finishing her third beer, Eloise was starting to feel her own bladder fill. It wasn’t uncomfortable and she knew there was a long way to go, but the one down side of the straw was that it made drinking all to easy. Plus, if there was one thing she was learning about Lucy it was that she liked to play host. A new can appearing almost instantly each time her cup ran empty, the busty red head sliding one over as if she was watching everyone drink and waiting for the split second they stopped. Staring down at the unopened carn in her mind she made a mental note not to drink this one too quickly. Sighing heavily she enjoyed the cold of the can against her hand for a moment before cracking it open and pouring the large beer into her glass.

Making small talk with Lucy they laughed at the others dancing on the floor at the centre of the room, a strange mixture of Allie and Kay reservedly stepping from side to side with their drinks in their hands while the others danced slightly provocatively around them.

“Oooh, Come on I love this one” Lucy said out of the blue, grabbing Eloise by the arm and dragging her out onto the dance floor. Feeling herself pressed amongst the crowd forming on the floor it seemed a lot of people liked this one, thankfully the slight buzz from the beer was enough to get over the awkwardness and join in. A chorus of voices screaming out the lyrics to a song that seemed to be a list of drinks someone called Danny boy was drinking before getting knocked down and getting up again. She might have had a good grasp of English but this made no sense to her, although the energy everyone seemed to have as they almost jumped around the floor was hard not to get wrapped up in. A broad smile spreading across her face as she couldn’t help but laugh, even Allie and Kay were screaming the lyrics at the top of their voices.

But as quickly as it started the song ended and the instant dance party faded away as a number of cries about the next song rang around.

“Mr. Brightside, really?” Lucy joined in, walking back to their table and Eloise gladly following. As much fun as it had been to watch that, she had never been much of a dancer.

“Oh man, nothing like Chumawumba to work up a sweat” Lucy joked, her hand picking up a cup from the table and tipping it back as she downed it in one go.

“I think that might have been mine.” Eloise said, pointing to her friends cup as she tipped it back.

“Oh shit, sorry.”

“Oh no, its no problem, you didn’t use the straw so its fine.” She wasn’t a germaphobe, but sharing straws was a bit too far for her.

“My bad” Lucy said, handing Eloise her almost empty cup back and then sliding another beer towards her.

Drinking the last few centimetres of beer from the bottom she couldn’t help but notice a strange bitter taste. Her mind instantly reeling as she tried not to grimace at the thought of it being Lucy’s backwash. But stifling that thought she cracked open the next beer, pulling out the straw so she could pour it in more easily. But as she did she noticed the colour, it had gone blue! Someone had tried to dose her with diuretics.

“Uh……” she paused, she wasn’t sure why but something was stopping her.

“You good?” Lucy asked, a bemused look on her face.

“I…yeah, I just wanted to say thanks for tonight.”

“Oh, don’t tell me you are an emotional drunk” Lucy said a smirk on her face.

Laughing together Eloise was wondering why she hadn’t said anything. This was her friend and yet she could feel this deep desire to see this play out. The group of them had already gone days without a bathroom break and she was fascinated to see how long they could go. She had always been interested in this stuff, its why she was studying it after all.

Carefully sliding the straw back into the cup she filled it back up with beer, the amber liquid obscuring the colour of her straw that she hoped would slowly fade back to its normal clearer colour.

Soon the others joined them back at the table, the small talk resuming as the drinking intensified again. Watching the pile of crates in the centre only the bottom layer of the pyramid was left, giving the impression they were almost done. But in reality it was actually the largest layer with the most beers in it, possibly a cunning ploy from whoever had planned it.

“Oh my god!” a cry came from Eloise’s left, interrupting their chit chat.

Looking over a tall blonde-haired student was being watched by a small crowd as she became the first to loose control of her bladder. Streams of pee almost silently racing down her bare legs and pooling on the floor underneath her. But moments later she wasn’t the only one, her friend that had cried out after noticing her losing control burst out laughing, the second woman’s hands flying to the crotch of her jeans as she fought for control while drunkenly laughing. Moments later as her body heaved up and down the crotch of her light coloured jeans darkened. Streaks of wetness spreading rapidly down both her legs as she continued to uncontrollably laugh at her friend who was currently hiding her face, a pair of puddles growing beneath them and their other friends backing away.

A loud bell suddenly rang as the woman with the clipboard re appeared, “Looks like we have our first two losers!” she cheered. A cheer that most of the second and third years joined in on as they got a couple of steps closer to their free drinks. Taking the names and campus houses from the pair she was given a small compact camera, snapping a couple of pictures onto the special made device they instantly printed out in the shape of a star. Walking over to the board she slapped the stickers onto it, the first markings that left just 8 slots to go. The photos of the women in their wet clothing a reminder to the rest of them what fait would befall them if they couldn’t control themselves.

Looking back at the table she was surprised to see Summer dumping a second crate of beers on their table, cracking another one open and seemingly not shocked by what she had just seen.

“So have you signed up for any clubs yet?” She asked, handing out another round of beers that Eloise gladly didn’t partake in as her cup was still full.

“Um, no I haven’t found anything yet. I only got here today.”

“Oh yeah” Summer replied, a slightly drunk grin on her face that surprised Eloise, apparently her tolerance wasn’t that high. But given the tiny petite frame the blonde sported it was unsurprising that it would all go to her head.

“There is a freshers fare club fare tomorrow if you want to go?” Julia responded, its always worth a look around especially in your first year.

“Cool, that sounds great! So do all of you guys go to a club or something together?” Eloise asked the table.

“No not really, we actually have pretty different hobbies thinking about it. But we are all active like there are these gym classes and things we all talked about doing with each other yesterday. So you are more than welcome to join us, if that’s your thing?”

“Maybe, im not really a gym person but I guess its good to stay active” Eloise replied. In fact it was a little understatement from reality, she couldn’t honestly remember the last time she did something like a gym class. But maybe it would be more fun with friends.

“Sure thing, well the invite is always open” Julia added, noisily slurping from her straw.

Over the next hour the bell was rung 6 more times, many students fleeing the building after giving their details in the hope of making it home without wetting themselves. A couple of others loosing control out of sight of Eloise and the group, but the loud bell and cheers was a clear indication of what was happening. Putting a hand on her own bladder she could definitely feel it getting full, an uncomfortable pressure now constantly reminding her of all the beers she had drunk. But with only two stars left she was quietly confident that she would be able to manage, after all she had been making sure not to drink too much while it seemed everyone else was busily guzzling down beer after beer including her friends.

Glancing over at Lucy Eloise was still amazed at the strength of the woman’s bladder, despite having drunk what was probably a diuretic laden beer it seemed she felt no need to pee or was extremely good at hiding it.

A loud smashing noise caught her attention from the small talk they were taking part in, another clearly drunk student was currently walking into the ping pong table and had almost tipped it. A hand in her crotch she unsteadily stumbled forwards, streams of wetness running down her red pants and turning them a deep crimson as she walked. Clearly too drunk to even care, her eyes glassy and unfocused as she walked between the rows of students now staring at her, a large bulge slowly deflating in her abdomen as she wet herself. After noticing what was happening a friend of hers quickly ran over, her own legs scissoring madly as she fought her own desperation and lead the still peeing woman over to the front door to get her some air after her photo was taken unceremoniously by the woman in charge. Although given the dotting friends obveious desperation it could just have been a cunning way of getting out of the place without having pee herself or pay.

“What a mess” Vanessa said, looking on at the stream of liquid that had been left across the floor of the thankfully concrete building.

“These first years are kind of insane” Julia said half laughing.

“Come on, you remember what it was like in first year. First time away from the parents and given free beer.” Lucy said, opening yet another beer and handing out a few more left in the bottom of the third crate. “Dam, one short”

“Its ok, I think im gonna skip the next one” Eloise said.

“You doing ok?” Summer asked, a concerned look on her face.

“What, oh yeah im fine but I don’t know how you English can drink so much of this stuff” She said, looking at the beer can in front of her.

“Fair, well im going to get us another crate” Kay said, taking a step towards the middle and then stopping.

“Holy shit they have almost done it.” She said, a stunned look on her face.

Turning to the centre of the room there were just 4 crates sitting there, only 96 beers stood between the first years and the achievement so many had failed before.

“Damn, they have been putting it away.” Julia said, similarly surprised.

“They wont make it, just look at them” Vanessa said slightly coldly, but she was right. All around the room were clearly desperate students. Their hands buried in their crotches as they danced or writhed in desperation. Each one of them hoping not to be the last one to wet themselves, clutching themselves to maintain control for just a little while longer. The dancefloor now filled with mainly second and third years who were clearly unaffected by the volume of drinks they had consumed. Their years of study here training them to hold more and hold for longer than those arriving a few days earlier.

“So…do we get another crate?” Summer asked.

“Maybe just get us all another round and leave the others there.”

“Yeah, don’t want to be the third years that accidently get the freshers off the hook for this lot.”

Walking over summer opened the box, many of their first years eyeing her slightly as she pulled out three beers, tossing them to Zara who went with her and then grabbing another 3 for the rest of them.

Half an hour later and somehow everyone was still dry and more remarkably there was just one crate left, sitting in the centre of the room and surrounded by an almost spotlight affect from the light bulb above it. The third years had all clearly thought similarly to Vanessa and had unwittingly moved the first years so much closer to their goal by helping themselves. Now all eyes were looking towards the last crate, hoping and urging someone else to take it as the first years bordered on losing control and full to their ultimate final capacities. An awkward standoff now taking place between the various groups of friends, no one wanting to take it but knowing that each moment no one did was one moment closer to losing. The DJ was doing her best to keep the party atmosphere going, but even that was struggling as everyone waited for the inevitable to happen.

“Fuck it, come on girls!” A rallying cry for action from a short brunette caught everyone attention as she strode forwards, a group of six or seven other desperate looking women following her awkwardly. Each obviously well past their comfortable limit, their legs shaking and hands gripping themselves tightly despite the embarrassment they were feeling. Although, given the rosy cheeks and unsteady walking Eloise was sure that most of them were too tipsy to even feel the embarrassment.

“Handing out a can to each of her friends she looked back when one refused to take it.

“Come on bella, Im dying I…I just cant take any more.”

“Do you want to pay for these, or do you want to go down in history Tina!”

“But…..” Bella tried again

“Look, the quicker we drink it the quicker you can pee and the quicker we win. If we do it fast enough, these wont even have time to reach your bladder!”

Reluctantly the desperate girl accepted the can into her hand as everyone in the room was now wrapped up in what was happening. This group of desperate students were going for it, could they do it? Or would it simply be too much?

Cracking their first cans open the speed most of them drank with was a tell-tale sign of how uncomfortable they were, the slow sips watched by the room as they forced more beer into their already bloated bodies. The gaseous drink filling them up uncomfortably with liquid and air at the same time.

Only two of the group seemed to have the ability to chug, the leader and another of her friends, the pair downing their beers and instantly grabbing another.

“Come on, just a couple more and we will have finished!” she cheered again, slurring her words a little bit. “Go Lexi!” she shouted to her friend already halfway through the second beer, her eyes glazing over as she drank. Her mind focussed and body acting like a machine as she forced herself to drink.

Still sipping the others of her group gave each other nervous looks, they knew what these two were like on a night out and could see where this was heading. But at the same time they all shared the same optimism that this might be possible after all. Speeding up slightly they all finished their first ones around the time as the dominant pair finished their second. The clang of empty beer cans ringing out again as they dropped them where they stood.

“Oh no” Tina whimpered.

“Don’t you dare, just hold it a little longer!” Bella almost commanded, her hand going into the back of the box and pulling out another, her and Lexi drinking with renewed vigour as they saw the impending loss of control of their friend coming. They just had to beat it.

But a few moments later a load groan came from the centre of the room, but it wasn’t from Tina. Next to where Bella was standing Lexi had slumped onto the floor as she drank, her hand getting better access to the almost empty crate. With her thighs pressed together on the floor and her knees bent so that her feet were behind her she let out another groan, her whole body starting to shake with effort. One hand on her bladder, the other between her legs. But as she struggled to maintain her control and her friends drank desperately around her the light started to catch on something quickly spreading across the floor.

“Nooo” She whined loudly, a large puddle quickly expanding around from where she was sitting, she had lost control. In the silence of the room as the last song ended an audible hissing noise replaced it, Lexi’s pink skirt that was draped around her turning magenta as it soaked up the pee that was rushing out of her heavily distended bladder. She had pushed it to its limits but she had lost.

“Not you Lexi” Bella said, surprised that it was her apparent partner in crime to have cost them the victory. But beside them another stream started, a heavy drumbeat of liquid falling from Tina as another of their group lost control of their bladders. The desperate and pleading woman hiding her face as the whole room watched on as two of them pissed themselves surrounded by their classmates.

“I cant believe you two!” Beth said, her voice clearly annoyed that the pair of them couldn’t last just 5 more minutes.

“Im sorry” Tina replied, starting to sob quietly as her pee raced down her darkening and once stylish brown playsuit.

“Like you could hold out long enough to drink those” Tina replied, her face far more relaxed but not taking any of her friends’ criticism. A loud bell sounded as the tenth and final bladder lost control, the woman with the clipboard appearing out of nowhere.

“Looks like were off the hook!” she shouted happily, the awkward silence of the room filled with a cheer from all of those still in control of their bladders. As soon Lexi’s photo was taken while still sitting in the large puddle she was still adding too, it was placed on the chart and a slow shambling stampede of people rushing for the door began. Flying open the horde of desperate first years flowed out onto the campus, searching for anywhere to relieve themselves.

Back inside the building it seemed only Eloise and the second and third years had remained inside, although she had to admit her need was getting desperate. But she was still confident that she could make it back in plenty of time and at least she knew she had a bathroom to use.

“Well, that was closer than most years.” Lucy joked

“Your telling me, I was starting to get worried for my wallet.” Summer joined in. But a clang in the centre of the room caught their attention. Apparently despite her friends running off Bella was still standing in the middle of the room, the crate emptied and a line of 3 full cans standing outside it as she went to grab another.

“Is she really doing that?” Julia asked quietly.

“Seems like it. Well, I guess the free beers gone so whose round is it?” Vanessa said nonchalantly.

“I think im going to pass, I really cant stomach much more of this stuff” Eloise said, feeling the beer starting to churn in her stomach uneasily.

“Light weight” Kay joked.

“I mean she outlasted most of the others, plus she seems to be able to handle her alcohol much better than them too.” Summer said in her support.

“Im not really a beer drinker” Eloise countered, which was true but only part of the reason she was skipping out on them tonight. Her full bladder now pulsing inside her slightly to the extent the walk back might be more of a problem than she had anticipated if she didn’t leave soon.

Another loud clunk from the centre of the room signalled Bella had finished yet another.

Despite her own need getting worse by the second Eloise could feel a slightly morbid fascination growing about the struggles of the woman standing in the middle of the room. One hand clutching a beer that she was attempting to chug and the other between her tightly crossed legs in a slightly drunken manner. For more than 30 minutes she watched her, the last two cans going down uneasily and with a number of pauses between gulps. But somehow she forced herself to drink them, her stomach easy to see as it pushed up against the tight waist of her jeans and caused her light white top to ride up slightly.

The last loud clunk reverberated around the room as Eloise stood there with her legs crossed tightly, waiting in anticipation to see what would win out, Bella’s bladder or her thirst.

“Told you I could have done it” Bella said loudly to her friend that was long gone.

Letting out a loud burp she turned towards the door as a river of pee started to stream down her legs. Her grey jeans becoming saturated as she continued to walk towards the door, in apparent disregard for what was going on or the warmth spreading down her legs. Bellas face was completely absent of emotion as she walked out of the building, a strange drunken look of satisfaction on it as the pints of beer poured out of her and into her clothes.

Unable to wait any longer and having nothing to distract her, Eloise excused herself whilst bobbing on the spot slightly. Knowing looks from many of her new housemates told her she wasn’t being subtle but who could blame her. Saying her goodbyes for the night she escaped into the cool evening that did nothing for her bladder. A shiver going up her spine she started her way back, stepping over the numerous puddles streams and even discarded underwear.

Clicking the door open with her watch she was thankful to have a hand free to hold herself. Rushing into her bedroom she kicked off her shoes and barged into the only toilet in the house. Hear clothes quickly falling away as she almost threw herself onto the toilet, letting out a deep sigh as the nights contents of beer started to flow out of her.

As the seconds ticked by her mind went back to the others, were they really not planning on peeing tonight? How long could they possibly last, it had been more than two days and they had each drunk litres since then. Even just thinking about it Eloise found that strange sense of anticipation growing, she was excited to see how long these iron bladdered housemates of hers could hold it.

She had come to this university to study the bladder and it seemed it was already giving her the best live action experiment possible.

###

Here is Chapter two, I hope you all enjoy.

Thank you all for your amazing support and kind comments on the last Chapter!
