Holders of Iron House

Author: Markj9494

*011*2020-11-12 08:28

Chapter 4: Shop till you drop.

“How are things progressing?” A question came from the chair, its occupant turned away to face the window as the last of the days sunshine barely made it through it.

“Well, around a third of the students remain.”

“So, you are saying almost two thirds of the students have been removed from the test after failing.”

“Yes Mam, but that was what was predicted.”

“Fair enough. Do we have any front runners yet?”

“Its too early to really tell, although we are seeing some promising signs from many of the second years. It seems that even over the summer their capabilities have improved.”

“Good, keep me updated.”

“Yes Mam” The woman said before turning and leaving through the door.

“I got it” Eloise yelled from her room as she walked towards the door.

“Hello, that’s 6 large Pizza’s, one medium Vegan Pizza Four large bottles of coke, four chicken sides, two garlic pizza breads and as requested a ‘shit tonne’ of dips” The young man said as he smiled at her.

“Awesome, thank you!” Eloise replied, her stomach grumbling at just the smell coming from the warm boxes.

“Do you need a hand?” He asked as he started awkwardly filling her arms with more boxes than she could carry.

“Uhh, yeah sure if you wouldn’t mind.”

“No problem” He said, grabbing the other half of the boxes and following her in.

Walking into the lounge all eyes turned towards them, the young man suddenly looking a little shy as he met the eyes of the 7 other women in the house.

“If you just pop them on the counter” Eloise said, snapping him out of it. Placing the boxes down quickly he awkwardly waved at them before quickly turning around and closing the front door behind him as he left.

“He was kind of cute” Vanessa joked.

“He looked about 14” Kay rebutted, grunting as she climbed over the corner of the sofa to get to the pizza as fast as she could.

“He did not! And I mean he has to be 18, he drove right Eloise?” Vanessa defended herself.

“Uhhh, I didn’t really look for a car.” Eloise responded.

“Well I’d be impressed if he got this all here on a bicycle” Julia joked as she handed out the pizza’s to their right owners, “Summer, here is your not a pizza”.

“Just because its vegan, its still a pizza. It just has dairy free cheese”

“If it doesn’t have its weight of Pepperoni on I don’t want to know.” Allie said, digging into her own dinner.

“Anyway, back to the question guys. What are we watching tonight?” Kay asked, the conversation interrupted by the delivery.

“Hey Lucy, your pizza” Eloise said, offering the box to the red head as she sat on the couch, her legs jostling tightly together.

“Lucy?” She asked again after getting no response from her housemate.

“Sorry, totally zoned out there” She smiled nervously, a faint glint of sweat on her forehead.

“Are you ok?” Eloise asked softly.

“Yeah totally, you know just feeling last night.” She replied.

“Yeah well who was the one who ordered the Sambuca Lucy?” Kay said accusingly, tearing open her own box and smiling at the meat covered pizza.

“Guys, what film are we putting on!” Allie said slightly annoyed. “Or im just going to put on one I like”

“Brain melting action!” Kay shouted.

“Anything with Bradley cooper, or Chris Hemsworth, Or Liam Hemsworth, or even…” Zara started

“So action film with a male lead, shouldn’t be a problem.” Allie said, turning around and shuffling through the combined DVD collection they had made.

“Can we not do anything too gory while we eat?” Summer asked.

“Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.” Eloise agreed, taking her seat back on the large sofa.

“Ok, What about Mad Max fury road or Gladiator?” Allie said, turning from her position sat on the floor and holding the two options up.

“I haven’t seen Fury road, the originals were really good.” Eloise said, taking the lead for the first time.

“A woman of taste, I knew we would get on” Kay said, pointing a piece of pizza at her while several pieces of pepperoni fell onto her legs.

“Yeah, im happy to watch anything with Charlize Theron in it.” Summer agreed.

“Come on Gladiators a classic.” Julia chimed in.

“While I agree… Tom Hardy” Was Vanessas input and as such the votes were cast and Allie slid in the disc.

As the Splash screen started Eloise couldn’t help but look over at Lucy. There was definitely more to it than her hang over, and given the state of Summers bulge earlier Lucy had to be feeling it. After all not only was she holding just as much, she had been dosed with a strong diuretic that if the stories of previous parties were to believed had caused other first years to wet themselves several times in one night. Yet after days she was still holding on strong, although she looked far from comfortable.

Thankfully for her it seemed that the film was enough to distract her, as well as Eloise who almost completely forgot about Lucy and her subtle signs of desperation. That was until out of the corner of her eye she noticed movement. Possibly without realising Lucy had begun to move her legs up and down, the shifting a sure sign of her desperate state and one that other people seemed to be pick up. A couple of others glancing at Lucy instead of watching the film.

“Is everything ok Lucy?” Julia asked, sitting next to her the constant movement must have been more noticeable.

“What, oh yeah sorry.” Lucy said, her face blushing as she placed her hands on her thighs and her legs stopped moving. Pursing her lips she closed her eyes for a moment, before forcing her attention back to the screen.

But as the film worse on and neared the end it seemed her ability to sit still was slowly leaving her. One of her hands falling between her legs as Elouise looked on, the redhead even beginning to rock in her seat lightly. The more distracting movement getting the attention of many of the others who couldn’t seem to believe that one of their friends was stooping to such a level.

“Do you have to squirm like that, its kind of distracting” Kay announced, breaking the silent looks some of them had shared between themselves. All clearly knowing what was going on but not willing to even suggest it to her.

“ I…..I’m sorry alright….I just need to pee.” She admitted, her face blushing madly and now almost matching her hair colour. Her eyes darting down as she tried to avoid everyone’s accusing glances.

“Come on its only been three days, I know you have lasted longer than that before.” Zara said a little harshly.

“Four actually! And I know, but I cant help it. I don’t know what’s happening, my bladder just feels really full.” She continued, squeezing her legs together tighter, although her upper body seemed a little more relaxed to Eloise. Perhaps as Allie had indicated, the anxiety of being found out might have been making her situation worse.

But as she had been watching on, Eloise could tell that it wasn’t just the display that Lucy was putting on which was annoying them. Ever since the others had woken and joined her in the kitchen, she had noticed the occasional sign of growing desperation in almost all the women sitting next to her. Each of their bladders already bulging through their clothing after being denied any relief for days, and she was sure that Lucy’s desperate display wasn’t helping them as they tried to ignore their own needs.

“Look, can we just get on with the film.” Lucy said, not wanting to be at the centre of everyone’s attention any longer.

The final third of the film finished uninterrupted, with Lucy’s desperation now out there for everyone she had resolved to just hold herself and keep her legs pressing together. An otherwise embarrassing situation for her, but a less distracting one for everyone else. As the credits rolled everyone sat back in their places. “That was alright I guess.” Julia said, clearly unimpressed.

“I quite liked it, but its no original.” Kay replied.

Standing up Eloise put her Pizza box back on the counter, accepting the others who handed them to her one at a time.

“I cant believe we ate all that” Vanessa said, looking at the mound of empty boxes.

“Pfff, I could have done it on my own” Kay joked, pushing herself up slowly.

“You guys want to watch something else?” Allie asked hopefully.

“Yeah im up for some more films.” A couple of them agreed.

But stifling a yawn Eloise knew she should probably head to bed. It wasn’t exactly late but after her morning climb a not so restful night’s sleep, she was feeling drowsy.

“I think I’m going to head to bed” She said stretching her arms out.

“Ok, goodnight!” Summer said cheerily, herself clearly wide awake despite getting up far earlier than the others.

Walking into her room she quickly got changed and shuffled under the covers, her eyelids closing heavily and soon she was asleep.

Opening her eyes slowly Eloise’s hands flew between her legs.

“Oooohph” She muttered to herself, a need to pee hitting her hard as her body woke. With both hands squeezing against her crotch she used her leg to brush her Duvet aside, letting out a hiss of air as she stood and her bladder cramped. The sudden movement causing the contents of her full bladder to move uncomfortably inside her. Walking quickly and not even closing the door she threw herself onto the toilet and sighed audibly as the evening and nights worth of pee emptied out of herself.

Checking her watch she was pleasantly surprised 12 hours! It was nothing compared to what she had seen the others do, but for herself that was a long time. Although as she put a hand gently against her still aching bladder she worried about how close she had been to wetting the bed. It hadn’t been her intention to wait so long, but she simply hadn’t felt a strong need last night.

Walking up the stairs towards the showers she found Summer gently jigging in small circles in front of the door. Her legs bouncing as she paced nervously, her mind clearly too distracted to see her approach.

“Hey Summer, everything ok?” Eloise asked.

“Oh!” The blonde haired woman said, slightly startled look. Realising she wasn’t alone she straightened up and stopped pacing, the tops of her thighs still occasionally pressing against each other. “Sorry, I have work and Lucy is taking forever in there.” She said, banging on the door with her fist.

“Who is in the other one?”

“Julia I think, but she only went in as I was getting up.”

“Alright, im finishing up!” Lucy shouted from the other side of the door, her voice clearly strained and a little wobbly.

Out of the corner of her eye Eloise could see Summer now standing on one leg, the other leg on its toes and allowing her to press her thighs together tighter than before without it looking too strange. Unfortunately for Summer, Eloise was all too aware of this strategy and many others given her seemingly small bladder compared to her housemates. But then her attention was taken by a series of grunts and rustling that seemed to be coming from the other side of the door.

A couple of minutes later the door clicked open and outwalked Lucy in just her underwear, her jeans roughly folded in her arms, the faintest of frayed seems around the top button.

Eloise was lost for words as she took in the almost naked woman, her hourglass figure now sporting the largest bladder bulge she had ever seen. The monstrous growth pushing inches out of her and making the red head look almost pregnant. Its volume was obscene and Eloise couldn’t help but stare, how could one bladder hold so much. She would have thought it impossible, part of her still did despite the evidence in front of her. Her strength must have been immeasurable to be able to do this.

“No need to stare” Lucy joked, taking Eloise’s staring as her ogling her body.

“Sorry, I just wasn’t expecting you to be…. My brains still waking up.” She tried to cover for herself.

“Well, I’ll take it as a compliment.” She smiled, before walking back to her room with a slightly uneasy gate. Behind her Summer rushed into the empty shower, hoping to get ready in time for work. Although given Summers bulge the day before Eloise suspected that many of her housemates were starting to suffer similarly full bladders.

Only a few minutes Later Julia emerged fully dressed from the other door. Her long and wet hair wound in a tight towel as she attempted to see without her glasses. “All yours” she said smiling at Eloise who took her place in the shower. As the warm water started to rain against her naked body her mind wandered back to Lucy, her bladder, and wondering how she how she could possibly have showered. Even now as she stood there with an empty bladder, Eloise could feel the warm waters effects, almost making her want to pee.

Spending the morning reading her emails and welcome package, Eloise was becoming a little more aware of the university and her courses requirements. Tagged on at the end of the message was a list of books and study materials she would need to find. Reaching for her mug she tipped it towards her face to be disappointed when she found it empty. Rubbing her eye with her hand she figured it was time for lunch and another cup of tea.

“Hey, Eloise there is a classic movie marathon next week if you want to come.” Kay said from behind her as she stepped off the bottom stairs.

“Yeah sure, whats playing?”

“Back to the future, all of”

“I loved those movies when I was a kid!” Eloise said cheerily. Movies had always been a big past time when she was younger. She had often used them as a way of “learning”, convincing her parents to buy them for her so she could watch them in English and then in other languages to pick them up. In a weird way it had worked, although after her mum had walked in at the wrong moment in die hard it was a bit harder to convince them. Not quite the James Bond film she had told them it was.

“Classic movie marathon next week?” Kay repeated, pointing at vanessa and Lucy as they sat in the kitchen.

“Sure, I don’t have any plans since classes don’t seem to be coming back yet” Vanessa replied casually. The sentiment almost sending a shiver down Lucy’s spine, “Ok” she answered weakly.

“But you have to come to the pub quiz tonight” Vanessa added.

“Really, another night of drinking. How can you even stand it after yesterday?” Kay asked.

“No, nothing like that. Just a few drinks, no shots.” Vanessa said, holding her hands up like a girl scout.

“Who is going?” Kay asked.

“Well, me, Zara and Lucy at the moment. I text Summer but she is at work so I haven’t got a reply. Julia is freaking out a little about a test we have in a couple of weeks so she is going to the library to study. I think the lack of classes is making her worry she is missing out on something, but she will ace it like always.”

“Yeah sure I’ll come, what about you Eloise?” Kay asked.

“I’ve never done a pub quiz, but they sound like fun.”

“Cool, it starts at 7 so we should probably head out about 6.”

By 6.50pm the first of what would be many rounds was ordered as they sat with their pens at the ready, the six of them waiting for the quiz to start while chatting about university life again. Summer had passed, taking a late shift for a colleague and Julia had gone to the library as expected. Sitting quietly Eloise listened to their stories, they had definitely had their fair share of experiences over the last few years. Some or most involving drunken nights out by the sounds of it, and only now some of them were finding out which of them were involved with the other halves of each other’s stories. Unsurprisingly it seemed Zara and Lucy were the primary suspects for most of the goings on, but they all had tales to tell.

Sipping her drink and despite the fun atmosphere Eloise could sense the deep uncomfortable undertones that were punctuating all of their behaviours. Despite Lucy being by far the most desperate last night, it seemed the others were fast approaching her level. Vanessa and Kay were all smiles above the table but beneath their legs jiggled constantly. Allie and Zara seemed to be swaying them back and forth and occasionally tensing them, the added benefit of wearing jeans meaning they were not at risk of flashing anyone who happened to look over. But the postures of all five women were rigid, their movements far more contemplated and unnatural as they stretched for drinks or swivelled in their seats.

For her part Lucy was still doing a surprisingly good job at acting reasonably normal, but if you were to look closely just as Eloise was, you could tell it was all for show. Her legs crossed as tightly as possible, her back arched slightly as she tried to give her bloated bladder the room it needed. The giant bulge somehow looked even more apparent when they had all met up earlier that evening, her tight orange pencil dress accentuating all her curves including the one sticking out of her stomach. Thankfully her wide hips helped to hide the true extent of it, giving her bladder more room to expand sideways as well as forwards. By her sides her hands flexed and scrunched periodically and at some moments Eloise could have sworn that she had even seen tears forming in the corners of her housemate’s eyes as she battled what must have been an immense urge.

But as the music died down and the quiz started Lucy seemed a little more relaxed, maybe that was the point. Was she and the others starting to worry about what would happen if they were left with too much time to think, this could just be a way of keeping their minds occupied and distract themselves. It seemed like a good strategy, Eloise herself contemplating whether it would help her in her own training.

But as they finished their fourth round of cocktails a while later she wasn’t going to have to wait long, a fullness in her own bladder once again signalling that her annoyingly small bladder was rapidly filling. But she wouldn’t break tonight, she was resolute to hold it until she got home. But given the increased movements of the others around the table, they were either feeling the same thing or the strong alcohol was simply making them less shy about showing their needs. A hand now almost constantly pressing between Lucy’s legs as she resorted back to furiously jiggling them under the table. A fresh sheen of sweat on all their faces caused by the group’s constant movement and the warm bar, heated almost certainly to cause their patrons to need to drink more.

But surprisingly they were actually winning, she had never done a pub quiz but it certain seemed the others had. Even in their desperate and sweaty states they were able to answer question after question correctly and it had given them a 4-point lead over their closest rivals. A lead that they just about managed to maintain over the other group for the next hour. Although even with their own calculations as the quiz master started to announce the winners, they were not fully convinced of their maths.

“Drum roll please” The man running it said, a distorted electronic drumroll coming through the cheap speakers the bar was using.

“Cockless Tails!”

“Wheeeeyyy” Zara and Vanessa cheered, forcefully high fiving.

“I thought you said you didn’t use that name!” Allie said, almost choking on the last of her drink.

“I may have done” Vanessa joked, a sly smile on her face.

“Well done Ladies, here is your prize. Its £50 of bar credit for tonight!” The man said cheerily, tearing off a little signed slip which he handed over.

“For tonight?” Lucy asked, light trepidation in her voice.

“Yes, sorry we cant let people go out with these slips. Otherwise people would come in all the time with fake ones asking for drinks and things. This way we can keep track of it and keep giving away at least some form of prize.” He said, before heading back behind the bar.

“Alright then, what are we all having?” Zara said, flicking the note against the palm of her hand.

“Well, next round of cocktails?” Kay suggested, downing the remnants of her glass.

“Come on guys its free drinks, we should get something we wouldn’t otherwise buy” Vanessa retorted.

“Champagne” Zara added, Allie pointing at her and nodding.

With no other suggestions Zara quickly left the group, a beaming smile on her face even if she was moving slightly awkwardly. Soon she returned with the largest bottle any of them had seen.

“What is that?” Allie asked

“Ummm, its Moet and Chandan” She replied reading the label.

“Moet” Eloise replied, correcting her friends French.

“Sorry, Moet” Zara said jokingly. “It was the biggest bottle they had and I paid the extra £5 for this so don’t complain to me.”

“Good to know you are a woman of quantity over quality.” Vanessa joked back.

“Hey no matter what anyone else says, size matters” Zara said, barely able to keep a straight face before all of them burst out laughing.

“Oooh” A groan came from Lucy.

“You doing alright over there?” Kay asked

“What yeah, just twinged a muscle” Lucy said, feigning another smile but a much less convincing one than she was managing earlier. But she wasn’t the only one struggling, Eloise herself was having to fight her own body as the last hour had been filling her bladder to even more uncomfortable levels. She was doing her best to hide it, but it was quickly becoming impossible, dull pulses from her bladder were causing her muscles to tremble slightly and she knew it was a sure sign that wouldn’t be able to hold out too much longer. She hadn’t thought it would be an issue but, with this new large bottle it might be closer than she thought.

Thankfully between the six of them it didn’t take long at all to finish the bottle, its 30-flute capacity disappearing into each of the women. A fact that Eloise found enthralling, even though their bladders were obviously bothering them they drank just as much as they did before. Despite the constant demands of their bodies, they were trying to live their usual lives without changing anything. It was inspiring in an odd sort of way to the new freshman.

But even with the inspiration of her housemates, the walk home at closing time proved a little harder than previously expected, the high percentage drinks taking their toll on their minds and bladders. Unsteady steps down the road were apparently Hilarious to Vanessa, but for Eloise and Lucy it was anything but. Even with the cold night air both could feel themselves sweating, Lucy letting out the occasional soft groan as she heaved her bladder along on shaking legs. Feeling her aching bladder pulse again Eloise could take it no more, she needed to get home. Giving up on staying with her friends she increased her pace, the rapid footfalls jostling her bladder but she knew she didn’t have long one way or the other.

Charging ahead of the rest she fumbled with the doorhandle before eventually it clicked open. Climbing through she let the door swing as she power walked to her room, similarly opening the door but a few steps away she turned and closed it. Her right hand in a fist and hammering against her thigh anxiously, without even taking her coat or shoes off she bolted for her toilet, dancing on the spot as she turned to close the door. Her legs rubbings against each other furiously as her hands instantly flew to her jeans buttons. Unfastening them as quickly as she was able to, she pushed them and her underwear to her knees, all but falling onto the toilet. A strong stream instantly bursting out of her and pattering noisily against the porcelain beneath her once again.

Unable to stop herself Eloise let out a groan of relief, her torso almost folding in half as she felt the relief she had been wanting for the last few hours. Sighing she listened to the sound of her strong stream in an otherwise quiet house. Once again she had found herself perilously close to wetting herself as an adult, not quite the start to university life she was expecting.

Flushing the toilet she stood, taking off her coat and throwing it onto the bed she walked back out into the hall, surprised to see that the others hadn’t made it back yet. Kicking off her shoes she poked her head out of the door, her housemates still some distance back up the road. She hadn’t realised how much faster she must have been walking, but closing the door she put a hand on her bladder and revelled in its relaxed emptiness.

Walking into the kitchen for a much-needed glass of water she found Julia sat at the table, her legs vibrating beneath her. An empty coffee pot and energy drink cans lay around her including a number inside her half open bag.

“Hey Julia, how is the work going?” she asked.

“Not bad, just trying to catch up on what we have missed this week.” She said, her leg movements stopping once she realised someone was watching. “How was the quiz?”

“Yeah it was good, we won! Although there were only a few teams playing. You should totally come next time.” Eloise replied

“Yeah, maybe” Julia said half-heartedly, clearly a little down about something.

“I know studying is important but you should also take some breaks. You know, otherwise you can get burnt out.”

“Yeah, your right. I think its just the test that I’m a little worried about. But I was thinking of heading out for some shopping tomorrow if you want to tag along?” Julia asked.

“Yeah sure I could do with some more clothes, If nights out become a common thing I’ll need more than two dresses.”

“Sure thing, I was thinking of going out about half 10? Might see if anyone else wants to go too, make a house trip out of it”

“Sounds good to me” Eloise smiled.

By the next morning it really seemed as if the nights of drinking had taken their toll on Lucy. After waving goodbye to a slightly uncomfortable looking Zara and Vanessa, Eloise had found Lucy groaning in the kitchen. She had paused for a moment in the doorway, watching her friend pant and pretzel her legs as she tried to watch something on the tv. Her hair matted and some of last night’s makeup still smudged on her face that had immense discomfort written across it. The bloated red head now had one hand pressing on the tops of her thighs, the other bunching up the blue plaid skirt she was wearing. Its semi elasticated waistband digging into the bulge that Eloise could see even more prominently. Although for their part, the spandex clad women heading out for their run and then Yoga had sported similar bulges by this point. The thought causing images of the pair doing yoga with uncomfortably full bladders to fill her mind before she shook them away again.

Finally walking into the room Eloise grabbed her cup, pouring herself some fruit juice from the fridge. Looking over Lucy hadn’t even registered her presence yet, her mind clearly too preoccupied.

“Morning” Eloise said cheerily, but the look on Lucy’s face was anything but. The red head turning towards her with a pained expression that remained even as she tried to smile back. Eloise could see the pain in her eyes as she fought the monumental battle that was raging within her.

“Mor…Morning” Lucy said unsteadily, her cheek twitching and legs continuing to move restlessly even with Eloise watching.

“Hey Eloise, you ready in a few?” Julia asked, entering behind her. “I spoke to the others this morning and Summer and Zara are going to come too, well after she finishes yoga she will join us.”

“Sure thing” Eloise said, turning to look at Julia as her housemate’s eyes were diverted to Lucy who was still sitting and occasionally flinching on the sofa.

“You are more than welcome to come too Lucy” She added, although there was a sense that she wasn’t expecting her to actually accept given her current state. An unspoken acknowledgement had formed between most of them, they were all trying to ignore their needs so talking about it wasn’t really going to help.

But to their surprise she nodded “Sure, a bit of shopping might help distract me.” Standing awkwardly she moaned softly, her back bent over with a hand on her bloated bladder for support.

Grabbing their coats and shoes the four of them made their way up to the shopping centre. Its large plain square grey building a little depressing in the otherwise green surroundings. As they walked through the shopping centre Eloise couldn’t help but notice the way her friends were walking. She could see their backs arching back slightly, the weight of their protruding bladders causing them to change their posture. The strange sight of them all almost looking like a pregnancy group on a day out, but their rotund bodies were simply the impact of many nights out and no bathrooms. Although she was sure a fair share of pregnancies may also have started out in a similar fashion.

“So where do you want to go Eloise?” Summer asked, the group dawdling along glancing from shop to shop.

“I don’t really know. I mean we have some of the same shops but the stuff in them is a little different. I usually just do department stores?” She replied.

“No no no, that won’t do. I thought you French were supposed to be fashionable?” Zara joked, but the smile was short lived as she flinched at some unseen moment of pain.

“I mean, im not really that sort of person. But that place looks like its similar to where I use to go back home.” Eloise said pointing at a shop a little ahead of them.

“John Lewis?” Summer asked sarcastically.

“Yeah, why is it bad?”

“Not exactly trendy.” Summer replied.

“I mean….” Eloise said, looking down and indicating to her kind of bland fashion choices. Her worn jeans, and fraying green T-shirt whose logo had fallen off months ago.

“Point taken, lets see if we can find you something, maybe a new dress for nights out.” Summer said

“What’s wrong with my dress.” Eloise said, despite thinking the same thing earlier.

“The fact you called it your dress…singular” Zara smiled, it was another fair point that Eloise couldn’t really argue with.

Walking into the large department store the group made their way up a couple of floors to the women’s section. Browsing through the clothes Eloise was happy to find several dresses that she liked, but looks or comments from the others meant that even after an hour she hadn’t found anything that she and the others all liked.

“What about this?” She asked again, pulling out a summery yellow frock and turning to Lucy. But it seemed that her friend was far too preoccupied to reply. Lucy’s shaking hands outstretched and clinging to the metal frame that was covered in discount clothing. Her face sweaty and she was starting to rock where she stood, her eyes twitching and unfocused.

“Nah, that’s too my first prom and not drunk night out.” Zara said, sideling up to her with arms full of clothes and ignoring Lucy. Summer appearing next with Julia as she draped another dress on top.

“Alright, here are the only acceptable things I have found in this entire store” She continued dumping the load into Eloise’s arms, a slight grimace in Zara’s face as she did so. The sign of discomfort enough to make her realise that she and the others were probably trying to use this as a distraction from their own bladders, just like Lucy. It explained why her and Summer were being so particular and full on about this.

“Changing rooms are that way.” Julia said, pointing behind her.

Grabbing a number from the assistant she slid the curtain closed and began to change. Inspecting the chosen clothing one at a time and dismissing half of them without even trying them on. Anything stupidly tight, revealing or just crass was thrown on the No pile.

“Are you going to show us anything, or just stay in there the whole time.” Summer said loudly from outside.

Inspecting herself in the mirror she had to admit that this latest black dress was nice. It was a little more feminine that she usually dressed, with semi-transparent black netting sections across her shoulders and under her arms. But flattening it out and inspecting it from the side it seemed to be the right level of fancy and comfortable. Doing a couple of stretches she was happy to feel the fabric stretching or moving slightly, more than enough to accommodate real life, although it had ridden up her thighs slightly.

Opening the curtain she walked back out to see the others, the group now sat on chairs just outside. The four of them sitting uncomfortably, their feet tapping on the carpet from both their desperation and being fed up of waiting. Only Lucy’s feet remained still, her body rigid and unmoving as she sat forward on her chair. It might just have been the room but it looked as if she was turning as white as a sheet, Lucy’s skin no longer clammy but almost wet looking as the strong lights reflected off her forehead. The same unconscious look in her eyes even as her head moved up so she could get a look at Eloise.

“What about this?” Eloise said, giving a little half turn.

“You look nice” Summer said, smiling. “I agree, it suits you” Julia added.

“More importantly its hot without being slutty” Zara said, clearly patting herself on the back for finding something like that in this shop.

“And its only £24.00” Eloise replied, half ignoring that last comment. Although it was nice to know it wasn’t too revealing.

“Alright next go for the blue one!” Zara said excitedly.

Returning to the changing room she spotted the one Zara was probably talking about, a light blue pencil dress hung next to the rest. Putting it on she was worried to see it only just made it half way down her thighs, there was no way she would wear this in public. What happened to hot without slutty she thought to herself. Although she should probably show the others just to make Zara happy. She had really been trying to find something she liked and Eloise did appreciate their efforts. Even if they were in part to distract themselves, she would have to do something like this again when they and especially Lucy felt a little more comfortable.

Pulling the dress down as far as it would go she walked out, trying to keep her legs together to stop it riding up and flashing anyone in the shop.

“Ohh,” Zara said, putting a hand on her chest when she saw her. “Do I know how to pick out a dress or what?”

“It’s a little…little” Eloise said, pulling it down again.

“Its fine, you’re a young woman out to have fun”

“I think it might be a bit too much for her first dress of that type.” Summer said, agreeing with Eloise.

“Ok fine.” Zara said, her face slightly sullen.

“But I am going to get the back one” Eloise replied, thankful to see her friend perk up a little. Returning to the changing room she enjoyed putting her regular clothes back on, they were much more her style and the casual attire felt almost like a second skin at this point.

“Can we get some lunch?” Summer asked as they lined up at the tills, Eloise carrying her new dress.

“Sure, there is a good court a little ways over there, I noticed it as we walked in” she replied.

“Grabbing a table they all sat down for a bite to eat, the busy shopping centre filled with people rushing around beside them. Biting into her “French” pastry Eloise was starting to people watch many of them, although her attention was taken by those sitting around the table mostly. With nothing to occupy their minds many of them had returned to bouncing their legs, the uncomfortable metal chairs only worsening their awkward postures. But while Zara and Summer seemed to be handling it slightly better despite their desperate jiggling and bulging bladders, Lucy and now Julia seemed to be struggling.

Lucy hadn’t been very talkative during their shopping, the beads of sweat and soft moans emanating from her sure signs she wasn’t doing well, even as she had accepted a large soda with her meal. But next to her Julia seemed even more rigid and had been almost as quiet as the read head. Actually, thinking about it the bookish black-haired woman hadn’t said much all day. Trailing around behind Summer she had offered her opinion when asked, but it was clear she was struggling to get out of her own head.

“You doing alright?” Eloise asked, breaking the silence.

“What, yeah im ok why?” Julia said, her tightly crossed legs stopping from moving for a moment.

“Just seem a little quiet.” Eloise replied.

“Oh, sorry. Yeah im good.” She said, smiling at her before quickly looking down at her own meal, picking up the sandwich but not looking up at her again.

“I can’t believe classes are still cancelled” Julia muttered into it, Zara and Summer giving her knowing glances as to what might have been the real reason behind the frustration.

After finishing up their food, the five of them were on the prowl again. This time not just for Eloise, although it still seemed that Zara was doing her best to get her to buy something a little more showing.

“Oooh, can we try TopShop?” Zara said, pointing to the shop slightly in front of them. “I don’t know if they will have anything you are looking for, but I need some bits too.”

Picking out a couple of things over the next couple of hours Zara and Julia found their way to the changing rooms yet again, the others moving over so they could help judge their choices. Sitting on one of the uncomfortable square stools Eloise watched as Lucy slowly paced around them rather than sit, an almost constant look of concern on her face as she fought the visible waves of desperation. But she wasn’t the only one, Eloise had been seeing more and more signs that all of the others were in need of a restroom. From clenching thighs, crossed legs and even a few crotch grabs from Zara.

“This is cute, what do you think?” Zara asked emerging from a changing room and doing a little twirl in a short emerald dress, its design covered in palm leaves but in quite a subtle way. Putting a hand on her bladder Zara closed her eyes and Eloise could tell she was kicking herself for the quick turn. Her movement sending her bladders contents sloshing around inside her. “Although it’s a little tight” She added, trying to pinch the synthetic material from her protruding bladder, taking a moment to press a hand between her legs.

“It looks good” Eloise said.

“I think I’m going to get it” She said, admiring herself in the floor to roof mirror, her left-hand lingering for a moment on the bulge in her abdomen. Grabbing their things, it was yet another shop down on their spree, the girl’s heads turning as they walked, trying to spot the next place they should go.

“Oh hey, why don’t we try FatFace.” Summer suggested, pointing a few shops up the corridor. “They usually have some good deals at the start of term.”

Walking across the main corridor out of the front doors of the last shop Lucy seemed to slow down before stopping completely. A weird look on her face as she stood there quivering slightly, her eyes wide and staring at the wall opposite for a few moments.

“Are you ok?” Eloise asked, already knowing the answer but unsure of exactly what she could do to help. She had honestly been surprised that Lucy had lasted this long given the desperation she had shown two days earlier. It was getting difficult to gauge how desperate her housemates were.

“Yeah of course” She forced another clearly pained smile on her face and with visible effort started walking again. Her face even paler than it had been in the last shop, the natural light coming through the glass roof highlighting her sweat covered skin.

But a few steps later she was forced to stop again, breathing heavily through her nose with an even more pained expression on her face. A quiet grunt escaping her as all of the others turned to look at her.

“Are you sure you are ok, you don’t look….” Eloise started, watching the sweat drip from the red head, her eyes frantic and getting wider by the second.

“Oh no” Lucy whimpered almost silently as she grimaced deeply, her torso twitching “Im sorry guys, but I think im…about…too….”

As Eloise looked down at Lucy’s legs she could see a single stream of perfectly clear, almost pure looking liquid was beginning to roll down the back of her thigh. The thin stream looking more like a leak as it reflected brightly off the sunlight from above. It silently speed across her calf and began to overflow her shoe, leaving a glistening trail down her leg as it went. But despite the thin stream it didn’t stop, even as the seconds passed and the stream continued Lucy started to groan, a hand moving to her bladder for a few moments.

A clear spasm rocked her body hard and with that ended the quiet and slow wetting, a loud splashing noise echoing back up off the hard-tiled floor of the shop as Lucy’s bladder exploded. As Eloise continued to watch in awe it seemed to go from one extreme to the other, as multiple heavy streams drained out from beneath her tight dress. Lucy’s pee falling in an avalanche between her bare legs, forking down them and joining the expanding puddle beneath her as she let out another groan. Another spasm shaking her body as her mouth hung open, her eyes screwed shut as she tried to blot out the world.

“Oh, fuck” Lucy muttered quietly, her teeth clenched in relief or embarrassment.

The others watched on in silence, even the stores music seemed to fade away into the background for Eloise. The wetting amplified by the hard surfaces that seemed to surround them, the splattering reverberating up off them and filling her ears. Taking a couple of steps away she was mesmerised by the splashing and bouncing of her friend’s accident as her pee continued to escape her, spreading further and further across the floor in all directions. Light dancing off her wet legs and in the ripples of the puddle beneath her. It took over a full minute despite the speed of her accident for Lucy to finally run out. Her bladder finally empty after so many hours.

“I…I cant believe that happened.” Lucy said defeated, her voice almost horse as if she had been crying or screaming for hours.

“Maybe we should move on…” Summer said, aware of a large security man with a cross face walking towards them.

“I….” Lucy muttered for a second, uncomprehending what had just happened before being led away from her giant mess by the others. Drops of her urine still falling from her legs as they walked away, an awkward silence falling between them as they struggled for what to say. For the first time in as long as they had known each other, one of them had wet themselves. It would have been almost unthinkable less than a week ago for a third year to fall from grace in such a way. They were supposed to be the unbreakable bladders of the university, trained to withstand anything. Yet, as they led their wet friend away, many of the group couldn’t help but think about their own limitations for the first time.

###

The first of the group has lost it, the air of invincibility for the group may be leaving them. Will classes start again or will something else happen to the rest of them?

Thanks for reading and I hope you all enjoyed this chapter!
