Holders of Iron House

Author: Markj9494

*008*2020-11-10 04:11

Chapter 3: Climbing the walls.

“Did we get what we were looking for?” The woman asked, the light in the room displaying the face of an aging but strong jawed woman. The curtains open and letting light spill across the floor, her figure still shadowed by the contrast caused by the bright light.

“Yes mam, the biometric readings came in clear and strong. We should be able to make good estimates from them.” The woman said, bowing as she walked closer to the desk.

“How many have made it this far?”

“All the second and third years are still participating. But only around 10% of the first years made it through the night.”

“Understandable, its about the same as previous years.” The woman in the chair nodded. “Any candidates among them for special training?”

“Yes mam” The woman replied, placing a large dossier folder on the desk. “In there you will find the top 10 promising first years. However, with some still holding on those are just the preliminary findings.”

“Ok good…What is this that I hear about a mishap?”

“Oh…” the woman paused for a moment, clearly compiling her thoughts. “There was a mishap with delivery mechanism, from our readings we believe one of your group have been exposed to the diuretic.”

“Unfortunate, but it may yield some interesting results. Keep me apprised of its outcome.” The woman said unemotionally, snapping the binder closed and laying it on the desk again.

“If that is all?” She asked, raising her eyebrows. The woman opposite her bowing and leaving the room.

The large door closing with a thump as she eyed the folder once again, things were about to get interesting.

Waking up the following morning Eloise stumbled over to the bathroom, bracing herself against the sink she stared into the mirror. The nights drinking taking a toll on her, her skin paler and a little clammy. Grabbing a flannel she quickly washed up and used the toilet before making her towards the kitchen. The smell of eggs and bacon wafting through the house along with the sizzle and quiet chatter from whoever was in the kitchen.

Strolling in she was surprised to see almost the entire house standing around the small room, only Allie and Kay seemed to be missing.

“Morning” she greeted them, covering a yawn with her mouth. “I take it you are all morning people” she added, the way they were dressed giving away the fact many of them were ready for the day and hadn’t just crawled out of bed like herself.

“Morning” Summer said cheerily, chopping up some fruit and dropping it in the large blender with an entire carton of Orange juice.

“Most of us seem to be, but it doesn’t look like Allie and Kay are. But then again we have only been living together for a couple of days.” Vanessa said, crunching into an apple.

“Oh yeah, I keep forgetting. You all seem like you know each other really well.”

“Well, we have known each other for 2 years now I guess.” Lucy said, sipping a cup of coffee that reminded Eloise of why she came in. Filling the kettle, she turned it on and patiently waited for it to boil.

“So you still planning on heading up to the fare this afternoon?” Lucy asked.

“Yeah, sounded like a good way to see what sort of things are going on.”

“Awesome, yeah a lot of them are free for the first session so why not try a load of things.” Summer said before silencing the room with her noisy blender.

“I got to make a move guys, Gymnastics meet up for the competition next week.” Zara shouted over the noise, quickly grabbing her toast that had just pinged out the top of top of the toaster and heading out with a bag over one shoulder. Waving back at them with the toast held between teeth she closed the door a little too loudly, the noise waking up Kay who shouted something incoherent but the tone giving away she wasn’t too impressed by the loud wake up.

After being joined by a dishevelled Kay and finishing off their breakfasts, Kay, Summer and Vanessa headed up with her to the main campus for the fresher’s fare. Eloise wasn’t exactly sure what to expect and didn’t have any real plans on joining anything, but it was still fun to go around and see what was happening around the campus.

“So, are any of you guys members of these societies?” Eloise asked, awkwardly accepting a brochure about sexual health from a well-meaning middle-aged woman who was just openly yelling about STD’s.

“I’m not” Lucy said, herself refusing one from the same woman who gave her a less than pleased look.

“I’m actually the president of the vegan society, you should totally join us!” Summer said enthusiastically.

“Oh, im sorry im not a vegan…” Eloise apologised.

“Its ok, you don’t have to be.”

“Really?”

“I mean we all are, but we are open to people who just want to join in or learn more.”

“Ok, well I will think about it. Might come to one to see what its all about.”

“Awesome, you wont regret it!” Summer replied, a beaming smiled on her face.

“What about the rest of you guys?” Eloise said, slightly to chance the topic and already feeling bad about the fact she probably wouldn’t ever end up going.

“Well Zara has her gymnastics but I don’t know about the rest of them?” Vanessa added, shrugging slightly.

“Im not but…Ooooh there it is.” Kay said slightly uncharacteristically joyous. Almost running away from them she made her way to a large booth covered in gadgets and cameras. From old Kodak film ones to modern DSLR kits the stall had it all.

“Hey guys you interested in signing up today for the photography club?” A chirpy looking pink haired woman behind it asked.

“Yes!” Kay said enthusiastically. “I meant too last year but…kind of forgot about it.”

“That ok, we are always happy to get new members.” The woman said smiling cheerily.

“What about you guys?”

“I don’t have a camera” Vanessa said flatly, the eyes of the woman flinching slightly before turning to Eloise.

“I….” She started

“If you don’t have one we have some you can loan”

“Sure, why not. It might be fun!” Eloise said, signing her name under Kay’s on the list. At least this would give the two of them something in common.

“And you two?” The pink haired woman asked, sensing an opportunity.

“I prefer to be in front of the camera than behind” Lucy joked.

“I have work and I just don’t have time.” Summer said apologetically.

“No problem, as for you two we are having a little contests between the members. Taking life shots and photos from around the campus, kind of like an ice breaker and to give us something to talk about in our first group meeting next week if you can make it?”

“That sounds like fun, so is life shots like people and things like that?” Eloise asked, giving away how little she knew about photography.

“Yeah, just anything that catches your eye or artistic shots of everyday life. Basically, it can be anything you want, we wanted to start out easy with you guys.” The woman finished, smiling as the group slowly moved onto the next rows of stalls.

The variety of sports and clubs offered at this university was really starting to surprise Eloise, everywhere she looked there were tables covered in colourful adverts, many of them for things she had never heard of.

“Pharmacy society?” She said, spotting a table with a couple of people in lab coats.

“Yeah, don’t bother its kind of a weird club.” Kay responded.

“What do you mean, how do you even have a club for it?”

“They do ‘experiments. Basically, they make their own drugs, wouldn’t surprise me if they were the ones putting diuretics in the drinks.” Summer replied.

“Kay is right, they tend to attract a certain group of people, so I would give it a skip.”

“Thanks for the heads up.” Eloise said, once again glad that she had met nice people already. Although, she hadn’t really had any intention of joining whether they had said anything or not. In fact she had no intention of joining anything really, but it seemed like the things to do.

The group wandered around until the early evening checking out the stalls and grabbing as many free samples of stuff as possible including coffee, beer and pizza. Despite the fact none of them actually signed up for anything further. But it did at least make Eloise more familiar with the campus layout and give her some thoughts as to the sorts of things she might look for in the future. But for now she was happy just to balance moving to a new country, making friends and her studies.

Opening the door to Iron house a couple of hours later they were greeted by the sight of a number of new cardboard boxes sitting in the corridor. Although unlike the empty ones the day before these seemed to be full of food, or at least groceries.

“Sorry guys” A shout came from the kitchen as Allie rushed out. “It arrived late and I haven’t put it away yet.”

“What is it?” Summer asked, peering in one of the boxes.

“Its ingredients, im going to bake some food for the book club. We have a big thing tomorrow and I thought I would help out by making some snacks.”

“Some” Vanessa joked, looking around at the mass of things Allie had ordered.

“Well I know who isn’t going to get any of the left overs” Allie said, jokingly crossing her arms and raising her eyebrows at Vanessa.

“Well, if I had known there might have been left overs I might have been nicer” She laughed, failing to keep a straight face in response.

“Yessss!” Lucy said excitedly, looking at her phone, causing the others to look at her.

“Sorry, so I was speaking to this girl yesterday from my course and they are having a massive party tonight and I just scored us a way in!”

“Another party?” Summer said, already sounding unsure of if she wanted to go.

“Yeah, but not like a freshers party, like an actually good one with DJ. Mo, classy drinks and a full bar with discount.”

“Im in!” Vanessa said enthusiastically.

“Well im not, I’ve go things to do” Allie said, indicating to the ingredients she was just talking about.

“what about you Eloise?” Lucy asked.

“I don’t know, I think im still feeling it from yesterday. Im not use to this level of drinking, I might just stay in and help Allie out, if you need any help that is?”

“Just trying to get those free samples” Lucy said, poking fun at her but putting Eloise at ease. She hated to turn down people who had clearly been thinking of her when making their plans.

“Yeah sure, some help would actually be amazing.” Allie said, smiling at Eloise.

“Ok, but summer you have to come out with us. Its at that same place they had one at the end of last year. The drinks were like 80% off and the cocktails are massive!”

“I don’t think I went to that, plus I kind of….”

“Im not taking no for an answer. Come on were in third years, when are we going to have another opportunity like this with classes being cancelled. We have to go!” Lucy poured it on thick.

“Uuuhh Fine, but I’m not getting smashed” Summer said, only getting a loud scoff from Lucy as she turned towards the stairs. A clear sign that suggested it was not going to happen if she had anything to do with it.

Dropping the free items she had accumulated in her room, Eloise could feel her stomach grumbling at her. Despite snaking on free samples, she hadn’t really eaten anything all day and it was already 5pm. Walking back out into the kitchen she opened the freezer, taking out a frozen salmon pastry she had found in the shop yesterday. Turning on the cheap looking electric oven she slid the metal tray in and took a seat on the couch, beginning to flip through the various channels they seem to have.

Soon, she was joined by Summer who slouched on the sofa with one of her giant fruit smoothies in her hand.

“Is that not going to stop you wanting dinner?” Eloise asked as she watched the small blonde downing the almost 2 litres of fruit juice.

“what?” Summer asked, her attention being on the tv she looked at Eloise, a green moustache currently on her upper lip from the large jug she was drinking from.

“Oh, I just…that’s a lot of fruit before dinner.” Eloise said, trying not to stare at her friends’ upper lip.

“This is my dinner, Im on a juice diet thing it’s supposed to be good for you.”

“So that’s all you eat in a day?”

“Yeah, I have 3 of these. They are really filling but only like 300 calories for the full 1.5 litres. But I only do it twice a week since I’m doing it more for health than weight loss.”

“Sounds like a pretty good diet, although I’m not sure I could handle that much fruit each day.”

“Yeah, I’m not going to lie it was a little sickly when I first started. But ive been on them for about a year now and I do feel healthier. You just have to make sure to drink almost just as much water as you do fruit, it’s a lot of fibre to eat in one go. The other secret is basil, mint and spinach, really takes the sickly sweetness out of it.”

That was a lot of liquid to drink in one day! The thought of it was bringing back the conversation earlier, if none of these girls had gone to the bathroom since arriving, drinking that much more than once would have been an impossible feat for herself. Maybe she did have something to worry about with the expectations of this school.

“Um…so, I was…” Eloise started.

“So how do I look!?” Lucy said, bursting into the room and pulling her best model pose. The slender and figure-hugging leather dress she was wearing really accentuating her already substantial bust.

“Good” Eloise mustered, getting a glare from Lucy.

“Good, really. I was looking more for something like Hot or Sexy.” Lucy said half-jokingly. Opening the fridge and fishing out some left overs from last night. “You sure you don’t want to come out Eloise, we are all going except you and Allie?”

“Yeah im sure, just want to spread out the hangovers” She joked, but got a knowing tell from Lucy that meant it probably wasn’t out of the question that she had not done something similar in the past.

“Yeah, I’m starting to have second th…”

“Oh no you don’t!” Lucy said interrupting Summer. “You agreed to go out, come on we have the week off.”

“Fine” Summer said rolling her eyes.

The kitchen was soon filled with conversations and laughter of the new housemates as one by one they finished getting ready and met up in the kitchen. Tales of previous nights out were dusted off probably not for the first time as the stood around, but unlike last night it seemed they had all decided to dress up for the occasion. Gone were the jeans and flats and outcome the dresses and heels, another reason Eloise was glad she had turned down this party. But as quickly as they had appeared they left, the house suddenly still and silent with just Eloise and Allie accompanied by the static of the kitchen speakers now Kay’s phone had been unplugged.

“Man, those guys are sure loud when you put them together.” Allie joked, causing Eloise to laugh.

“Yeah, I cant imagine what they were like in first year.”

“I don’t think much has changed… Right we should probably make a start now the riffraff has gone.” Allie said, standing and making her way over to the kitchen from the couch.

Following her Eloise grabbed some of the boxes of supplies. “So what do you need me to do?” She asked.

“So here are the ingredients lists, if you could weigh out all the stuff using the scales there, then I can just bung it all in and start mixing it.”

“Sounds simple enough” Eloise replied, glad she wasn’t being tasked with anything complicated. She had helped her mum and dad in the kitchen when she was younger, but definitely didn’t consider herself a baker.

But It turned out that the pair of them actually made a good team, Eloise efficiently providing Allie as she churned out the batters and spreads to concoct all manner of sweat treats over the next couple of hours. The kitchen filled with a heavenly mix of sweet aromas from the oven, with the occasional whiff of burning batter that had been left on the baking tray to long.

“I hope the book club appreciate all this.” Allie said, standing back and admiring their hard work. The fruits of their labour piled high in boxes ready for the book club meeting tomorrow.

“I think we have earned a cup of tea.” Eloise replied, clicking on the kettle and wiping up a small piece of cake batter that had somehow ended up on this side of the room.

Filling her cup with steaming water once again she was suddenly aware of another sensation, the last few cups making their way steadily into her bladder. Thinking about it, it had been several hours since she had gone. But given the earlier comments from a few of them, she couldn’t help but feel a little worried about how small her bladder seemed to be.

Sitting back down on the couch she looked across at Allie as she blew her tea. The woman opposite showing no need to pee despite many hours or even days since she had last gone. A moderate bulge easy to see even under her baggy clothing. Just the sight of it and her friends composure made Eloise worry about her chances here at the University, especially if the others had been telling the truth.

“Hey Allie, I don’t mean to pry but when we were out earlier, they mentioned somethings about this place that I’m still trying to understand.

“No need to be so formal” Allie laughed “whatever it is you can talk to me or any of the others about it. Were all friends here”

“Ok… so is it true that you have been holding it since you arrived?” She had surprised even herself with how she had just gone for it. The words anxiously stumbling out of her mouth before she could think of a better way of phrasing it.

“Holding it?” Allie asked, turning to face her on the sofa.

“You know, not going to the bathroom?”

“Oh!” Allie smirked, “yeah of course why?”

“Its been three days, do you not feel the need to go?” Eloise replied.

“I mean I do and im sure the others do to, not that they will probably admit how bad.”

“Why not?” Eloise asked, she was already through the looking glass.

“I mean without trying to boast we are some of the best holders at the university, top marks in all our Urodynamic practical’s and we are often head hunted by staff and external companies to help with things they are doing.”

“Wow” The sentiment a true exclamation of how awesome that sounded to Eloise. She couldn’t even imagine being that strong willed or talented. In some ways she was sure she was lucky to even know these women, in a few years who knew where they would all be.

“Yeah its kind of cool, but at the same time there is a lot of pressure, a lot of expectations on us that we need to keep up. Above and beyond what will be expected of you.”

“Expected of me?”

“Oh yeah, you haven’t had your first class yet... Sorry, a lot of this was probably supposed to be talked about with the staff first. But don’t be worried, the basics of it is that we are a Urodynamics institution and one of the best in the world right?”

Eloise nodded, unsure of if she liked where this was going or not.

“So they just ask that their students can achieve a certain level of self-control, like keeping your grades up.”

“So they test us on holding?”

“Yes but only like once a term and its not really a test, you just have to achieve a certain level and then you pass. Trust me, once you have done it the first time it’s a piece of cake. Plus they don’t even throw you out if you fail it, they just give you extra support and classes just like a remedial course of a language or something?”

“Extra holding classes?” Eloise continued her questioning, each reply from Allie giving her a dozen new ones.

“I mean that’s one way to put it, but trust me you will be fine. I think 80% of people pass it first time. Although it does get harder each year, but your bladders strength will increase too. Even the weakest of bladders in first year are now really strong, the classes here do work. In fact some people come here just for them, to train themselves to be stronger!”

“Really?”

“Yeah, it’s a harsh school, but its effective. You have nothing to worry about”

“Im not sure im as strong as you think” Eloise said quietly, taking a small sip of her tea and feeling her bladder respond, almost taunting her about the current topic of conversation.

“What do you mean?” Allie asked, adjusting herself on the sofa again.

“Vanessa seemed to think that peeing more than once a day was too much even for a first year.”

“Yeah well, I think she has just forgotten what it was like. Plus your body is actually capable of a lot more than you think right now. When I came here I was going a few times a day like you, although I drank a lot just as I do now. But within a month I had gotten it down to just once, its about mental fortitude as much as bladder size. Once you realize you can push past the limits that you have now, it becomes easier to increase your abilities. A lot of it is the anxiousness of thinking your going to lose control, because you don’t have a good understanding of your limits yet.” Allie said confidently, she was clearly knowledgeable about this stuff and hearing her talk about it so casually was weirdly comforting for Eloise.

“If you are worried about it, the first test will be to drink 2 litres and hold it 4 hours, maybe try it yourself and see how close you can get. But don’t push yourself too hard too quickly, the bladder is just like any other muscle and needs to be trained. Its what the classes are for, but some self learning never hurt anyone.” Allie finished, smiling at her.

“Ok, thank you. That actually makes me feel a lot better about it. I was kind of freaking out a bit about what they had all said earlier” Eloise admitted, smiling and feeling the weight on her shoulders lessen slightly as many of the questions she had swirling around her head had been answered. Despite knowing she wasn’t ready for the test yet, she still felt a lot more relaxed now she knew what she would be facing.

“Hey like I said its no problem, honestly if you ever want to talk about it no one here would find it weird. I mean we all do the same classes and stuff, its just like any other subject right.”

“I suppose that’s true.”

“Exactly, now I think we should treat ourselves to a muffin.” Allie said, standing again and going over to grab a cake of the metal heat rack.

“Are you sure you have enough?” Eloise asked.

“Are you kidding, we have way more than we will need. But that’s just an excuse to eat more cake!” She said excitedly. “Oh shit its like almost midnight, I should go to bed. The meet up is in the morning.”

“Time flies when you are baking I guess” Eloise said, her own mouth half full of muffin.

“It really does, sorry to leave so abruptly but I really should make a move. Thank you for all your help, I’d still be baking if you hadn’t offered.”

“It was fun, if you need any help with this again im up for it.” Eloise replied earnestly. It had been fun to spend the night doing something like this and getting to know her housemate better.

“Awesome. Anyway goodnight Eloise”

“Night!” Eloise waved after her friend, now alone she let out a yawn. Bed sounded like a good idea to her to be honest too. It felt like it had been a long day.

Walking back into her room she placed the mug on her bedside cabinet and walked into the bathroom, her legs brushing against each other for a few moments of added help. Letting herself relax she made a mental note to try harder to control herself and then maybe one day she would be like the others here.

Getting into bed she grabbed her book, before drifting off to sleep.

A loud crash woke her up, her thumb still between the pages of the book she had been reading when she had drifted off. Clicking on the button of her phone she was shocked to see that it was 2.30am, was someone breaking in?! Getting further under the covers, she waited a moment, maybe it was just her imagination, the noise part of the dream she couldn’t remember having.

“Sssshhhh” A loud drunken shush filled the corridor outside her room followed by several sets of giggles. Breathing a sigh of relief she couldn’t help but laugh, it was just her housemates returning a little worse for wear after their night out. Wiping some of the drool from her face she carefully book marked the page she was on and slid it onto the chest of drawers. Turning over and trying to fall asleep as she listened to the clunks and giggles of her drunk house mates navigating the stairs.

The next time Eloise awoke it was far more peaceful, the sunlight streaming through the thin curtains as she stirred. Getting out of bed she got dressed, heading into the kitchen she was surprised to see Summer already up despite the late night.

“Hey, how was last night?.”

“Morning, Urgh I drank way too much. I think we all did, it was 3 for 1 night which only got Lucy more excited.” She smiled at the thought of it.

“You don’t seem to be too worse off for it though” Eloise pointed out.

“Yeah, most of us made sure to drink water so I think that helped, plus ever since I started the juice diet thing I don’t tend to get too many headaches. Guess its all the vitamins?”

“I might have to borrow that next time we go out. So how are the others?”

“Yeah, Even though they drank water I think they used it as an excuse to drink more Alcohol. So I wouldn’t bet on seeing them before mid-day at least.”

“That bad?” Eloise asked, already half knowing the answer from what she heard in the middle of the night. Summers smiling nod only confirming her thoughts.

“So what are your plans for the day?” Summer asked, cleaning up her breakfast.

“Im not sure really. I thought about getting ahead on some of the reading list they emailed out before classes were postponed. But at the same time I feel like I should probably do something a bit more active you know. Just been sitting around since I moved in.”

“Cool, its not a bad idea to start with the reading. The first classes should go over the basics but even so some of it went over my head. But if you want to join im about to head out to the climbing wall.”

“I…Yeah why not” Eloise agreed after a moments thought. After all she didn’t have any real plans and this would be at least some form of exercise. Or perhaps it was just an excuse to procrastinate for a little longer. “Do I need anything?”

“Nope just suitable shoes, a drink and your watch will do.”

The climbing centre was far larger than Eloise had thought, the several story building almost completely hidden by large trees along the paths they took. The large grassy area outside it covered in students relaxing and enjoying the extra time away from lectures.

Checking into the building with her watch she noticed the screen light up “Need an induction?”

“Uh Summer, do I need to do an induction?”

“Oh that, no don’t worry. Its just a liability thing, don’t worry Ill run you through it. I don’t do the massive walls anyway, just the hanging ones.”

“Oh ok” Eloise responded, clicking the no option and hoping Summer knew what she was talking about.

“So have you done anything like this before?” Summer asked, walking past the giant three-story structures and towards the back of the building.

“No, not really. I did do some indoor stuff when I was younger but I haven’t in a few years.”

“Ok, well its better than nothing. Just go slowly and use the free chalk for grip. Although as a beginner I might suggest relying more on your feet than your hands.”

“Got it” Eloise nodded.

“This is the hanging wall.” Summer said as they now stood in front of a much smaller white wall with dozens of holes and grips across it, a looping section of the wall hung over them slightly. “So you are supposed to go with a colour and follow its path, blue is beginner, then its dark green, light green, yellow, red and finally black is the hardest. But since its your first time I would suggest just going up and down a few times following an easy path.

“You do this a lot then I take it?” Eloise asked, sliding her sports bag under the bench nearby.

“Yeah it’s a great core work out and uses your brain at the same time. Its why I love this and Yoga, you can really feel and get in tune with your body.”

“Are these mats safe enough for that height?” Eloise asked, kicking one of the hard mats as they walked up to the wall.

“Yeah, you need something that absorbs the impact. It might give you a bruise but if it’s too soft it won’t absorb enough of the energy of the impact, which can do more damage.”

“Ok, you know a lot about this stuff.”

“Yeah its my major, I do a lot of sports science and hydration studies. This sort of thing goes hand in hand with it, learning about injuries and how to prevent them. Like half of all injuries can be linked to dehydration and its impact on muscles.”

“Ah cool, I’ve been trying to figure out peoples majors.” Eloise said, starting to stretch her muscles and taking a swig from her bottle.

In front of her Summer was limbering up too, stretching her arms before starting her assent, the veteran of the wall instantly going for the red route, a series of tricky hand holds leading her up the wall using a series of uncomfortable positions. After a few movements she looked down, the pair of them catching eyes.

“Come on slow poke, plenty of room for two up here.”

Apprehensively Eloise stepped up to the wall, chalking her hands lightly she grabbed her first grips, the Blue ones thankfully having a large foothold on each peg. Reaching up she grabbed another, slowly pulling herself up a couple of times as she moved upwards towards Summer who seemed to be watching her. But after a couple more movements it seemed she was happy to let her get on with it as she got on with her own path.

The Blue path as it turned out was pretty simple and within a few minutes she had conquered it, deciding to move onto the green. Standing at the base and plotting it out in her head it looked a lot more formidable, but she knew she could do it. Grabbing the hand holds she was worried a bit about the size of the ones for her feet. The large platforms were gone, but they were still plenty big enough as it turned out. Although despite what Summer had said earlier, she couldn’t help but grip the wall slightly tighter with her hands.

A few movements later she was forced to pause as her arms started to burn, the climbing turning into an actual work out despite how easy Summer was making it look. Glancing up she couldn’t help but see under Summers loose shirt as she climbed. The sight shocking her slightly as she caught a glimpse of what had to be her bladder, the blonde woman’s organ protruding from her toned and flat stomach several inches. It should have come as no surprise to her that after all this time her bladder would have been full, but the size of it was still made her do a double take.

Even as she climbed, she couldn’t help but take the occasional look up at it and the straining woman giving it no quarter as she leapt from hand hold to hand hold. Now trying the light green pegs, Eloise was amazed at the dexterity and upper body strength of her house mate. The thin woman able to propel and grip the much harder tiny red markings easily. Even now hanging by just her hands, a deep grimace on her face as she traversed the horizontal section with her body hanging by just her finger tips. But losing her grip she dropped down from her hanging position, letting out a quiet groan with the impact and falling to one knee for a moment with a hand on her stomach.

“Are you ok?”

“I uh… yeah Im fine” She said, smiling widely and standing up. She was trying to pretend everything was ok, but given the size of the bulge she must have been dying by now.

“That bit always gets me” Summer continued, trying to play it off.

Taking a swig from her bottle it was clear that despite the confident appearance, something was playing on her mind. But even with that, she still had another couple of cracks at the red points. Eloise continued to watch from below as Summer made it round the difficult curve, her shirt was pulled up and exposing her bloated midsection once again. The fabric bunching up above her shoulders and now even getting stuck on her bladder as it pushed out. Eloise reached for the next green peg, but with her mind only half on the task at hand she found herself grasping the edge of it while her foot moved from the previous peg. Her grip failing Eloise tumbled towards the ground, landing with a thud on her backside she was just glad she had only been a couple of feet up.

“Oh shit, are you ok?” Summer said, using the pegs to gently lower herself to the ground this time.

“Yeah, sorry I should have chalked up like you said. Think my hands were too sweaty” Eloise lied, dusting herself off as she stood back on her feet.

“Ok well I think that’s enough for today anyway. Don’t want to push it too much on your first day.” Summer said, her own legs resting closely together in a way that seemed a little odd to Eloise, but then she had only met Summer a few days earlier.

Despite the short fall Eloise could definitely feel a bruise forming on her elbow on the walk back. But Summer had been right about the crash pads, they had done their job.

Despite being out for almost two hours it seemed that none of the others had woken from their drunken stupors. Walking into the kitchen to refill their bottles Eloise couldn’t help but notice the piles of baking pans that she and Allie had left out from last night. Allie was probably too busy this morning to do them, but Eloise figured now was a good a time as any.

With Summer now making an after work out late lunch the pair chatted for a while as she washed up, the rushing water doing nothing for her own bladder which had filled after finishing off her own water during the climbing. But she was resolute to make it at least another hour, if she could cut down to just one pee other than morning and night time, she could work on pushing it back a little at a time until she was more in control. Maybe by the time her first test came around she could pass it easily, but like Allie had said she needed to train herself slowly.

“Oh god I need water” A croaking demand came from the entrance of the kitchen, a slow-moving Kay shuffling in.

“Morning” Summer replied

“How are so chirpy this morning after last night?” Kay responded, pouring and starting to drink a large class of cold water. Resting an elbow on the side of the counter she gently massaged her head with her other hand.

“Its the juice diet, I haven’t had once since I started it!”

“More like the Sambuca shorts you somehow got out of with the rest of us.” Kay said sadly as she sipped her water.

“That was Lucy’s idea not mine.” Summer replied smiling.

“Ughh I can still taste them”

“So im guessing no party tonight then” Eloise couldn’t help but jibe.

“No, I haven’t gone out with them since first year Freshers and I forgot how much they all drink.” Kay replied, her hand massaging her temple.

“Well, if it makes you feel any better Kay, you are the first one up and alive.”

“Alive is a strong word. I just need water and I’m going to go and crawl back into bed and hope the world stops spinning. She said downing the rest of the glass before pouring herself another and heading towards the door.

“Good luck with that.” Summer joked, kay too hungover to even respond.

###

Bit more of a scene setting chapter again, but hopefully still enjoyable and explains a couple of more things.

I hope you all enjoyed and again, thank you all for reading and commenting!

Its really nice to see your feedback and thanks for all the positive comments, its really kind!
