Holders of Iron House

Author: Markj9494

*015*2020-11-14 08:31

Chapter 5: Cost of Composure

“We lost one” The same woman said, a hint of nervousness in her voice for the first time as she spoke into the dimly lit room once again.

“A member of Iron house?” came the perfectly calm reply.

“I’m afraid so. It was the one that was dosed instead of the first year.”

“A feat to last as long as she had given the circumstances.” Came the impressed sounding reply, the first sign of emotion from the woman standing at her bookshelf.

“The device recorded a volume above her previous record, suggesting that despite the lack of holds she has done recently and today’s events, she may be a good candidate.”

“Even though so many are beating her?”

“Its true many students are out holding her in length, but I doubt many will reach the same volume. I still think it’s worth keeping her in the running even though she didn’t make the 150 hour mark that we expected her too.”

“Good, I didn’t put her with the others in Iron house for nothing...”

That Night Eloise couldn’t help but dream about what she had seen, images of Lucy’s accident plaquing her dreams as the events of the day played themselves out again and again. A mix of guilt and fascination fuelling the dreams of the sometimes even larger than life accident she had witnessed. Again and again the desperate Lucy would plead or beg with her to let her use a toilet, asking her why she hadn’t said anything about the diuretics in the beer she had drunk. Yet each time Eloise stayed silent, her heart beating rapidly as she watched it unfold one more time, each wetting more exciting that the last, the anticipation making her hunger for the moment of loss.

Now she found herself under a giant Lucy, her booming voice calling to her.

“Is this what you wanted, is that what you hoped for” She said, before the giant woman let lose a torrent of liquid above her as it fell towards her in slow motion. Eloise almost cried out raising her hands above her face before the gigantic droplets hit her.

“Hhhye huuu…what?” Eloise jolted awake, her hair matted to her face with sweat as she felt her clothes sticking to her.

“What the fuck was that” she whispered to herself, the memories of the dreams not fading away as they usually did. Blinking her eyes a few times she adjusted back to the real world, still slightly weirded out by the dreams as her heart beat in her chest.

As they sat around the table that morning the tension in the room was palpable, the women around her unable to stop the occasional grunt or groan escape their lips while easting their cereal. An otherwise ordinary task that seemed to be causing a ludicrous level of exertion for her house mates. Their bladders had truly been pushed to their maximum capacity, a fact that now one of them had lost control was starting to sink in. But despite that, it seemed none of them were making any moves to make life easier for themselves. Their training, pride and infallible belief in themselves overriding any rational thoughts, even as they winced in discomfort.

Unable to take the silence Eloise tried to think of something to say, the constant tapping of Summers and Julia’s feet on the vinyl floor making it more difficult. “So what are you guys planning on doing today?” She asked.

“Not sure” Lucy said, her legs still but shoulders sagged. It was clear to everyone she was feeling down about what had happened, it would probably be worth thinking of something to do together to cheer her up Eloise thought to herself.

“I’ve got to prepare for the gymnastics performance tomorrow. So I will be at the gym all afternoon.” Zara said before noisily slurping her milk from her spoon. “Yeah im going with her to see if I can help” Vanessa added before taking a large sip of orange juice. The only one other than Eloise to have a large drink on the table as well.

Wait, Zara was still planning on doing her routine? Eloise couldn’t imagine what it must feel like or the strength it must take to do it without exploding everywhere. If that simple twist had been enough to cause her discomfort yesterday, what must a flip through the air do. But there it was again, the sense of anticipation or excitement to know these women’s limits.

“I have work” Summer said matter of factly, standing slowly to place her bowl in the sink. Her tight black work trousers clearly digging into her bladder. The zip partially undone at the top as they struggled to accommodate her bladders size.

“Im heading to the library, going to see if I can get some more….” Julia winced visibly, her eyes closing and lips pursing as she stifled a groan. “More prep in for the test” She finished, her voice wavering.

“Mind if I come with you?” Eloise asked, “I think I should probably start on that reading list”

“Sure thing. Will be nice to have some company.” Julia replied.

“What about you guys?” She asked, looking at Kay and Allie who sat cross legged on the sofa next to them. Their dangling feet wiggling as almost a mirror image of one another.

“Not sure” Kay replied, “Might order a pizza later.”

“Not really an activity.” Allie joked. “But no I don’t have any real plans either. I do have to do my laundry though”

“Since we don’t have any plans, why don’t we all go out for lunch?” Vanessa suggested to the room.

“No fair!” Summer said, sliding her water bottle into her work bag.

“Your place serves food right, any chance you can get a break to join us for a bit if we come to you?” Allie asked.

“Oh maybe!” Summer said happily.

“Can we make it brunch rather than Lunch. I don’t want to be too late to the gym.” Zara said.

“Sure thing” Vanessa agreed, none of the others voicing a concern.

“Anyway I have got to get to work, text me the details” Summer said, slinging her bag over her shoulder and wincing slightly as it made contact with her abdomen. Despite hitting her in the back, it seemed that any pressure anywhere caused her more discomfort.

“We told Summer 11 and its five past.” Lucy said as they walked up the road. Now unencumbered, her movements had returned to a more normal pace. But with the others still struggling they were walking considerably slower than they had been before today. Not that Eloise could blame them as she walked beside them, occasionally sneaking glances at their mammoth bladders that continued to fascinate her. Academically she had read about super holders, but until now she had never met anyone who came close to the medical oddities or extreme cases in those texts. Thinking back to what Allie had said some days ago, it was really no surprise that companies would be head hunting her house mates if they were capable of such feats.

“Its just 5 minutes” Kay said, her face a little more red than usual.

“If Julia hadn’t forgotten her work book and gone back for it we might have made it on time.” Vanessa said, slightly annoyed.

“I’m sorry I was a little distracted.” Julia admitted, a hand deep in the pockets of her tightly fitting trousers and making Eloise wonder if she was actually holding herself as the group walked along.

“That only took like 2 minutes anyway” Allie responded, siding with Julia. “It was Zara on the phone before we left.” She finished, pointing the finger at yet another of the group. The tensions flaring as they each battled their own bodies which were clearly causing them more than a little irritation or short temper.

“Guys its fine, I am sure Summer will understand.” Eloise said, trying to broker a truce but only succeeding in causing a now awkward silence between them all as they continued walking uneasily. The only sounds the heavy breathing and panting of her bloated housemates, added to by the occasional groan and grimace as pulses raced through their full bodies.

As they walked through the campus and approached the coffee shop Eloise was becoming aware of a number of looks from those they passed. Passers-by watching the parade of desperate women, some with envy of their skills and others with jealousy that made them want to see them all reach their final limits. Although a couple seemed to be sporting similar bulges, their own faces wracked with desperation and pain. It seemed that her house mates were not the only ones still holding and suffering for it, the universities prowess making many more push themselves to their absolute limits.

Entering the coffee shop they found themselves a large table, her friends grunting as they forced themselves to sit down. Visibly sighing and taking a few moments to recover from their walk, some resting a hand on or giving their crotch a little squeeze for the extra reassurance. It was clear they were all at their wits end.

“Hey guys, I couldn’t get a break right now but I will be with you in like 15 minutes.” Summer said, approaching the table and standing with her legs tightly crossed. The pose doing nothing to hide her bladders prominence.

“Do you want us to wait for you?” Eloise asked, trying to look her friend in the eyes and not just stare at her abdomen.

“No, if we order now it will probably take 10 – 15 minutes anyway which should be when I get a break.”

“Ok that sounds good.” Eloise replied.

“What can I get for you?” Summer said, giving her best customer service smile. But the twitching at the edges of her smile combined with the furrowing in her brow somewhat broke the surface level of composure she was displaying.

“Can I get the chilli Jacket potato” Eloise replied, going for a slightly heavier lunch to get her energy up for a long night of studying.

“Sure thing and to dr…drink?”

“I’ll have a black tea if you do that?”

“Ok, whose next?” Summer said, her pencil finishing Eloise’s order as she looked up expecting for someone to speak. But instead it seemed they were all to preoccupied, their eyes staring down at the menu’s but none of them taking anything in. Summer herself was standing waiting, her thighs rubbing against each other as she tried to look as composed as possible.

“Julia?” She asked, the direct question snapping the black-haired woman out of it.

“Im sorry, im not really hungry now I think about it.” She said shifting uncomfortably.

“Come on, I thought we were eating together, I convinced my boss to let me give you guys a discount.” Summer said, clearly a little annoyed.

“Ok, I think I will just have a cheese and tomato panini” She said, choosing a lighter option from the menu.

“Yeah that sounds good” A couple of the others joined in and soon the orders were taken.

About 15 minutes later a slightly stressed looking Summer brough over the tables food and joined them as they began to eat, making small talk and mainly listening to Zara talk about her performance tomorrow. Eloise was taken aback by how she spoke, sounding either oblivious of her current condition or possessing a superhuman willpower that would allow her to perform her ordinarily taxing routine with a full bladder. Either way Eloise was not going to miss it tomorrow.

She was also happy to see that despite the tumultuous start to lunch things seemed to have calmed down a little. Their desperation still obvious but they were at least talking to each other.

“Summer, breaks over” A older woman announced to her from the till about an hour later. The blonde letting out a loud sigh as she stood uneasily, pressing her legs together tightly before grabbing up the plates they had eaten from and walking back towards the shop front.

“Yeah I should probably head off to the gym.” Zara said, adjusting herself in her seat slightly.

“And I guess we should go to the Library?” Eloise added in the direction of Julia who had once again been far more quiet than was usual for even her. Getting a nod she stood up quickly, looking over at Julia who seemed to be having second thoughts about standing. Her hand resting on the table for a moment as she remained firmly in her seat, before finally and with a loud grunt she pushed herself up from it. Her eyes scrunching closed and lips pursing together to stop any more noises escaping.

Arriving at the library Eloise was impressed by the sheer size of it. The old brickwork building at least six stories high, busts and statues adorning the outside of the classic building. Since moving to England she had missed the old European architecture that she had grown to consider normal to her home, the large town she grew up in was full of the French equivalent. Just looking at it made her heart feel a little fuller, a little closer to home.

“This place looks amazing!” she said,

“You haven’t seen the inside” Julia smiled, a hand once again deep in her pocket as the pair walked slowly along.

But she was right, entering the front door they found themselves in a large dome roofed section, sunlight beaming down through the centre, with the floors of books above them.

“So we should probably start on the fourth floor, its where a lot of the main study books you will need for first year are. The place uses the dewy decimal system, so if you go up to one of the computers you can search for books by name and they will give you the number. Then just follow the numbers to the right area.”

“Ok thank you!” Eloise said, glancing over at the computers.

“Uh…” Julia groaned again, bending over where she stood. “Lets take the lift to the sixth and I’ll point out a couple of books that might be useful.”

“Sure thing.”

“I used that a lot in first year” Julia said, pausing and taking out another book. Putting it into the heavily ladened arms of Eloise who was starting to struggle with the weight. The dozen books from the reading list and Julia’s recommendations feeling like a lead weight.

“I….uh……uh” Julia suddenly breathed out heavily, doubling over slightly again.

“Are you ok?”

“Yeah I am fine”, Julia said panting slightly. Bracing herself on a book case for a moment she seemed to regain her composure as she stared at the floor.

“I think that should do for now, why...why don’t we find somewhere to sit and study.”

Taking faltering steps for differing reasons the duo walked around the book cases and to a small desk and chairs situated near the corner of the building. A secluded and quiet spot for them to study with no distractions.

Sitting down Julia grimaced as her rear met the seat, the change of posture not helping the full woman’s bladder. But despite this, a moment later she pulled a large 6 pack of energy drinks from her bag and placed them on the table. Pulling the first one out and cracking it open and beginning to sip from it. Taking a seat next to her Eloise could already see her friends legs beginning to vibrate under the desk. Julia’s left hand resting on her thigh as it moved up and down at a breakneck pace.

It was difficult to concentrate with her friend moving so erratically next to her, occasionally gasping or grunting, but somehow Eloise managed to get pulled into her studying. Taking notes on the history and world cultures of Urology. It was a fascinating subject that really captured her interest, she had always been interested in how different people and cultures viewed it. She couldn’t help but smile sub-consciously as she took her notes, she was living her dream of being at one of the most prestigious universities and learning about something she truly loved. What more could she have wished for!

She stayed in this revere for hours, although to her they felt like minutes. Her mind completely occupied by her studying, until a loud groan caught her attention. Somehow, she had almost forgotten about her friend sitting next to her, but as she looked over she could see Julia doubled over in her seat. Her eyes were closed and she was bent over so far her head was almost making contact with the desk. Beads of sweat were forming and running down the sides of her pale face, falling onto the notebook she had beneath her.

“ooohhhh” She groaned again, her body shaking violently and causing her glasses to slip from her face and clunk onto the desk. The close proximity of her face probably saving them from any damage. The loud noise making Julia open her eyes and straighten slightly. A shaky hand reaching for her glasses and putting them back on.

“Are you sure your ok?” Eloise asked again even though it was clear she wasn’t.

“why does it have to be so hot in here. Its making me sweat and my glasses keep sliding down my nose.” Julia responded, ignoring the real point of the question. Even opening another energy drink and taking a sip, it seemed like the more of them she drank the quicker she drank. A vicious circle that Eloise was sure wasn’t helping her, because the room wasn’t hot in the slightest. In fact Eloise she could feel a distinct chill in the area, the old building apparently not having much in the way of heating.

But after watching her friend try to go back to studying she did the same, occasionally glancing at Julia who was now breathing loudly through her nose. The constant unerring noise coming from her making it slightly harder than before to concentrate.

But soon the heavy breathing stopped from her nose and looking over Eloise could see Julia biting the hemline to her shirt as she pulled it up in anguish, her legs continuing to jig ferociously where she sat. The nervous behaviour pulling her top up and revealing her massively distended bladder that seemed to be shaking on its own. Pulses and ripples racing across the surface of her skin and flapping the fabric of her shirt. The hem line of her Khaki trousers pressing viciously into it, a thick and painful red line easy to see on her white skin.

But somehow it seemed the woman sat next to her was able to push the thoughts of desperation from her mind and take notes from the book she was reading. A task that Eloise was unsure she would be able to in similar circumstances. Even now she could feel a distinct fullness in her own bladder having not relieved herself since the morning. Although as she thought about it she realised she hadn’t drunk that much, her water bottle only half empty.

Taking a long sip from her bottle she Eloise noticed Julia’s frantic movements stop for a moment, the black haired woman’s her eyes widening as she let out a couple of deep rapid breaths. Another pulse raced around her body as she let out short pained breaths.

“Oh…” Julia said quietly as if she was surprised by something, her eyes still wide and twitching for a moment before a loud splattering noise drew the attention of Eloise.

A waterfall of pee was draining off every side of the fabric chair that glistened brightly as Julia began to wet herself. A loud hissing noise escaping as what must have been a heavily pressurised stream burst through her defences, spraying noisily into her pants and instantly saturating them. The navy material hiding much of the damage, but the backs of her legs becoming obviously wet. Streams rained from where her knees bent over the chairs while a wide waterfall fell from behind her and off the back of the chair. A large puddle instantly forming under her as she gazed forwards, her eyes still twitching but not changing any emotion.

Eloise couldn’t believe what she was seeing, Julia was completely wetting herself in the library. Despite the copious signs of desperation through the day and even the last couple of days, the sudden loss and lack of emotion had caught her by surprise. As was the size of the slightly yellow puddle, a faint sweet small emanating from Julia’s piss that she could only assume was the effect of the can after can of energy drinks Julia had forced into her still emptying bladder.

For more than three minutes pee rained down off the chair, the ever-expanding puddle spreading out in all directions from the chair on the level and waxed floor. The chair itself was completely sodden as were her trousers and shoes. Urine pooled against her skin, racing down her legs and overflowing her converse shoes, the light grey turning a saturated dark grey all over as even the shoe laces seemed to be soaking up Julia’s accident.

Finally the loud splattering streams had finished, the quiet drips from the chair the only sound in their corner of the library. A silence that seemed to last forever came over them, Julia still staring forwards in disbelief, like a deer in the headlights of a car.

“I….I thought I could hold it.” Julia said, her eyes blinking as she finally moved her head to look down at her saturated trousers and the puddle beneath her. “I haven’t lost control like this since…. I cant believe I just wet myself.” She said, her shoulders sagging as her body started to unwind itself from the knots she had tied it in to keep her bladder contained.

“I….” Eloise said, at a loss for words, still staring at the mesmerising drops of Julia’s pee as they splashed into the giant puddle. Ripples radiating out in a symmetrical pattern as her puddle continued to spread.

“I need to go and get changed.” Julia said standing, a sudden loud splattering noise making Eloise wince slightly as the pee caught between her friends legs fell to join the rest of it on the floor.

The walk back was quiet, Eloise could tell Julia was embarrassed and didn’t want to talk about it. If it had been anyone else they might have gotten away with no one noticing. But given the sudden disappearance of the giant bulge sticking out of her, she was sure the others in her house would all realise what had happened when they saw her, even if they didn’t see the mess she had made of her clothes. Even now as they approached the house drips were still falling from Julia’s clothes, such was the amount they had tried to absorb.

She was right though, the others had all been shocked to see her in such a state. Many of them in the hallway chatting when the wet Julia had returned moments after Zara and Vanessa. It was clear they were shocked and a little shaken by another of the house losing control of their body, but neither said anything. Assuming like Eloise that silence was the best option, for Julia’s sake they were pretending that nothing had happened. But something most certainly had.

The morning sun was barely above the horizon and her room was still largely shrouded in darkness when Eloise woke the next day. Most of the time if she woke this early she would fall back to sleep, but for some reason the last few days she had been waking with an immense sense of excitement about what the day would bring. Maybe that was just what being at university was like.

Getting up she turned on her laptop, browsing social media and checking the university news. It seemed like despite not having classes everything else was carrying on like normal at the university. The only thing that caught her eye was a headline saying they were currently investigating a possible water leak on the sixth floor of the library and that electronics in a certain corner were disabled for safety.

Hearing slow and heavy footsteps walk past her room and the clunk of the door she figured it was probably time to get some breakfast. Walking towards the kitchen a few minutes later she could already hear the soft grunts and groans emanating from two of her housemates. Vanessa was stood by the counter making some toast as she bounced on double crossed legs. Her long muscular legs allowing her the strange added benefit of tying themselves in multiple knots. The mundane task of buttering her toast causing her to breath heavily and grunt with exertion from time to time.

At the Table Summer was doing something similar, leaning back in her chair to give her giant bladder extra room. The force of her vibrating legs causing her entire body to shake as she tried to spoon cereal into her mouth from a great distance. Drops of milk falling from the shaking spoon that she was staring at intently, using all of her brain power to try and guide it to her mouth without losing its contents all over the table or herself. Every few seconds that passed she would shiver strongly, a grunt escaping twitching mouth as her overburdened bladder made its presence known.

“Hey, how are you guys doing?” Eloise asked, a greeting but also hoping for a little bit more.

“Morning” Vanessa said, grimacing slightly as she twisted to greet her.

“Hi, im doing good thanks.” Summer said, her sweaty and twitching face suggesting the opposite.

“Good.” Eloise smiled, slightly saddened by the short replied but given the energy it must me taking them both to contain their bladders she couldn’t really fault them for not being talkative.

“Was it Zara that just left, she nervous about later?”

“No I don’t think so.” Summer replied.

“Although she might need to be.” Vanessa added casually.

“What do you mean?”

“I mean, come on im not the only one to notice how much trouble she is having sitting still let alone jumping around.”

“Vanessa!” Summer said, surprised. “Like you can say anything” she added.

“What! Look we all need to go and im not saying I would be able to hold it doing her routine either. but I know the rest of us can control ourselves until the main block opens up.”

Just looking at the pair of them squirming even as they talked about it made Eloise start to doubt that sentence. Although they had held it far longer than anything, she would have thought possible. So despite their clear signs of desperation, perhaps their confidence was well founded.

“I would have thought the same about Julia and Lucy thought.” Summer said quietly, her friend’s accidents clearly playing on her mind as another powerful pulse or shiver seemed to race around her body.

“What about me?” Julia said, walking into the kitchen to join them. A heavy bag on her shoulder and giant coffee cup in her hand that she emptied the dregs from and began to make a fresh batch.

“Oh, we were just wondering If you and Lucy were coming to Zara’s performance later.” Vanessa said quickly as she turned around, her face grimacing once again and reminding Eloise of Zara the day before. Vanessas skin flushing red either from exertion or from almost being caught talking about Julia’s accident. While they might have all been open and talked about their need to pee earlier in the week, their friend’s loss of control still seemed to be a possible sore spot for them. Unsurprising given their status around the campus as some of the best holders.

“Oh yeah sure, I wouldn’t miss it!” Julia said happily, fishing out two six packs of energy drinks and sliding them into her bag along with two large water bottles and the coffee cup. It seemed that despite her accident just a few hours earlier, the black-haired woman was taking no note of it. Going straight back to drinking copious amounts of liquid and making Eloise wonder if it had even had any impact on her. Lucy for her part had seemed dejected since her accident, although being the first may have only increased the humiliation she felt.

“Im going to head to the Library again and then will meet up with you guys there.” Julia said, zipping up her bag.

Behind them the front door opened loudly, hurried footsteps approaching them.

“Guys!” An out of breath Zara said, leaning heavily on the doorframe with her hand as she doubled over. Panting heavily she tried to catch her breath, her chest and entire body heaving up and down as she groaned and scrunched up her face from discomfort. But given what Eloise was seeing it was really no wonder she was so uncomfortable.

Now dressed in a skin tight leotard Zara’s bladder bulge seemed to have grown several inches. The heavy growth in her abdomen making it look like she had put on at least 20 pounds, the expanding organ now almost shrink wrapped by the lycra gym wear that must have been torture on her. The stylishly tie dye and ordinarily tight-fitting clothes stretched to their limits and pressing against her mercilessly.

“Does anyone have any idea how to use this?” she asked, shakily holding up and old cassette tape.

“What?” Vanessa asked, Eloise noticing her friends eyes glancing every few seconds at the pronounced bladder bulge on their mutual housemate. At least it wasn’t just her, although it was definitely hard to miss.

“The stupid sound system doesn’t work with my phone. The only option is this thing.”

“You hadn’t tried using the sound system till right now?” Summer asked.

“No, now can someone please tell me they know how to put music on this thing?”

“I do” Eloise said, for some reason holding her hand up slightly.

“Awesome, you are my new best friend now please we have like 4 hours!” Zara pleaded.

“Sure thing, we just have to find a track player. They might have one in the computer labs?”

“Those are in the teaching blocks” Vanessa pointed out.

“Fuck!” Zara swore loudly, curtsying slightly and pressing her now crossed thighs slightly harder against each other.

“The might be one in the Library” Julia said.

“Ok lets go!” Zara said, turning and storming off towards the front door with a surprising turn of speed given her current situation.

Grabbing her coat on the way past her room the pair of them soon made it to the library and with the help of a slightly bemused looking receptionist pointed them towards the room they needed. With the help of Eloise and a couple of youtube videos they managed to convert her music track from her phone, onto a computer, onto a cd and then finally onto the cassette. A lengthy process that saw the gymnast vibrate around the room as she waited impatiently for it to finish up.

Now with the cassette in hand they rushed back over to the gym with a little over an hour before the start of the competition. Moving to the booth they handed the girl behind the sound system the cassette and a few moments later they could both breath in relief as Zara’s song started playing over the gym speakers.

“Thank god” Zara said, doubling over and putting a hand on her thigh she breathed out heavily.

“Oooh does someone need to pee” A mocking tone came from behind them.

“I should have guessed you would be here Bethany” Zara said, her eyes narrowing.

“Looks like someone could use a bathroom. You look positively bursting” The leggy blonde said gleefully.

“Well, looks like someone isn’t capable of holding it at all. I bet you scurried off somewhere to pee like a little child. How many times have you gone, four, five?” Zara said, a new fire burning in her eyes.

“Hmmmf” Bethany scoffed, dismissing the claims but it was clear to Eloise that Zara had hit a chord.

“It doesn’t matter…I’ve just been focused on winning this contest, something im sure you wont be doing looking like that” She said, pointing at Zara’s bulging bladder.

“I will win this and keep control of my bladder.” Zara shot back, the pair of them trading insults and making Eloise feel a little awkward.

“Really, well remember to stay hydrated” Bethany said, a smirk on her face as she grabbed her water bottle and held it above her mouth. Squeezing it she noisily drank the water as it squirted into her mouth, an audible rushing noise making the edges of Zara’s eyes twitch and her foot begin to fidget despite her best efforts to remain still.

Finishing her bottle Zara’s apparent rival smirked again. “Looking a little hot and bothered there Za-za”

“Just make sure you remember to pee before you start, that looked like a lot of water for someone like you.” Zara said, stuttering slightly but the comment making Bethany narrow her eyes. The two fierce competitors locking eyes for a few moments before Bethany turned and walked away, flicking her hair over her shoulder.

“What was that about?” Eloise asked.

“Oh its just her. She is just upset because we use to be in the same leagues in most things in first year. But I’ve progressed and she is still stuck down at the bottom, I’ve even heard she failed the end of year 2 test and had to get remedial catch up lectures to help her.”

“Is that all it is?” Eloise asked, their rivalry seemingly too big for just that.

“Yeah, as far as I know anyway. I cant think of anything else.” Zara said shrugging.

A buzz from her pocket made Eloise pull out her phone and as she opened the text message from Summer her heart skipped a beat.

“Hey Eloise. Sorry to ask you but are you at home, would you be able to bring me some new trousers to the coffee shop.”

Had she wet herself at work? A strange sense of sadness and missing out swept over her, making Eloise realise she had apparently been looking forward to seeing her friends hold on as much as possible. Now to have missed the final hours of Summers struggle she felt like she had lost an opportunity to witness something amazing.

“What wrong?” Zara asked.

“Oh…nothing. Sorry Summers just asked me to grab something for her.”

“She is always forgetting something.” Zara smiled.

“Yeah, are you going to be ok here?” Eloise asked

“Yeah, I’ll be fine now, thanks.”

Luckily the gym wasn’t too far away from the house and less than 15 minutes later Eloise was walking up the road carrying a pair of her housemates work trousers in a small bag. Her heart starting to beat faster the closer she got to the coffee shop and as she walked in she couldn’t help but look around for any signs of Summers accident. It had to have been over 20 minutes ago, but maybe there would be a wet floor sign, a mop and bucket, something.

But as she looked around she was happy to see that while there was no sign of an accident, it was because Summer was still holding. Her friend currently tending to a table, her massive bladder bulge and shaking legs indicating that Eloise had in fact not missed anything.

Looking up Summer caught sight of her, giving a weak wave and half-hearted smile the blonde pointed towards the staff only door that she was then led through.

“Here you go, everything ok?” Eloise asked, now wondering why her friend had asked for spare trousers.

“Yeah” Summer said breathlessly, her legs continuing to walk on the spot as she stood there. “The stupid button popped off” she said and looking down at the waist of her trousers it was no surprise given how much her bladder was poking out of her. “Had to use a safety pin, but I didn’t know if it would hold up either. You are a life saver”

“No problem, you want me to wait for your shift to be over. Can head up to the gym together?” Eloise offered.

“Yeah that sounds nice. Should only be about 30 minutes, I’ll get you a free tea while you wait. It’s the least I can do…but if you wouldn’t mind?” Summer said, her hands holding up her unbuckled trousers.

“Yeah sorry” Eloise said, leaving her friend to get changed.

A couple of minutes later Summer reappeared, her face much redder than it had been, her lips pursed as she looked like she was trying even harder not to let out a groan as she walked by. The new trousers apparently slightly tighter than the last and given the fraying fabric they were only just holding on too.

Sipping her tea she watched Summer serve the tables for the next 25 minutes, each moment that passed making her look more and more desperate. She would try her best when serving the customers to act normal, but she was so far past normal it was impossible to hide it from them. Whenever she thought she was out of sight she would grab her crotch, squeezing it in a vice like grip as she held on for dear life. Her frantic typing and distracted serving leading to more than a couple of errors that she would have to painstakingly correct. Her attention and brainpower being taken away from her hold and put back where it should have been and correctly serving the customers.

But despite appearances of being moments from exploding all over the shop Summer managed to make it to the end of her shift 40 minutes later. Disappearing hurriedly into the staff room once again, the swinging door revealing just enough of the room that Eloise peeked her start to desperately dance around the room with both her hands buried in her crotch for a few moments before is closed.

Re-emerging summer was suddenly dressed in a light blue polo dress, although the typical thin waistband was currently being pushed out and turning the straight edged dress into something else entirely. The short length of it being made even shorter by the extra size of her bladder as the form fitting dress was forced to go around the large addition to her abdomen.

“Should we go, don’t want to be late?” Summer said uneasily, her exposed knees knocking together where she stood.

Meeting up with the others they had all taken their seats in one of the large metal stands that had been built for spectators. Heavy base music filled the air as the gymnasts stretched and prepared on the large floor mat, the group of them waving at Zara as she awkwardly stretched. Eloise hoping her housemate wouldn’t hurt herself by doing her routine while that full of liquid.

Thankfully she didn’t have long to wait, Zara was the third contestant up for her event in the bar vault. She was following her rival Bethany who had managed to score an impressive 32/40. Her tight corkscrew jump off the springboard pleasing the crowd and judge.

As her music started Zara rocked at the start of her run up, even from the stands it was easy to see the sweat gathering on her even before her first run. Breathing heavily Zara started down the mats, her face grimacing with every heavy and slightly off rhythm step. Jumping onto the springboard she twisted her body, tucking up her knees and grunting loudly. Landing on her feet she let out a sharp shout, groaning as she fell to one knee. Her hands firmly between her legs for a moment before the buzzer sounded and she looked up. Her run had been disqualified and looking to her left she could see why, as she had fallen to her knee she was landed outside the yellow landing area, her body crossing the thick red lines that marked their boundary. Puffing out her cheeks she remained in the crouched position for a few seconds longer before taking her place at the start for her second run.

Charging down the mat again she flipped forwards once more, catapulting off the board and into the air where she began to rotate, another loud groan escaping her as she forced her giant bladder to twist inside her. Managing two full rotations with her head just above the beam she readjusted herself to land on her feet but again she was forced to double over. The boom of her feet loud enough to hear over the music, a heavy landing that jostled everything inside her. Even from the stands they could all she her grimace, her hands going between her legs again as she fell to her knees again. But no buzzer sounded this time, she had fallen to her knees within the lines. But such a bad landing was sure to hurt her score even if it was legal.

Watching Zara walk back to the starting run Eloise could tell she was annoyed, kicking her water bottle across from her and earning her a warning from the umpire.

The scores, 2.5, 3.0, 2.0, 2.0.

9.5 the lowest of the competition so far.

Taking her place back at the start Zara was shaking her arms and her head, before it hung still looking down and then at the celling with her eyes closed. As the music started she put a foot forward rocking backwards and forwards a couple of times before sprinting down the runway. Her strides seemed more powerful this time, her legs extending more as she jumped to the springboard. Landing for a moment she launched into the air, her legs quickly swivelling around until she was inverted, corkscrewing her body around not once or twice but three times. Finally adjusting herself in the air once more she tucked her legs in and added a summersault just a foot from the floor before landing on her feet.

This time her posture remained and her hands flew above her head triumphantly, but there wasn’t a smile on her face but a pained grimace. Even as she celebrated all of those watching her including her friends could see the crotch of her bodysuit darkening substantially as the ocean of pee inside her burst through her defences, the sudden jolt shattering all control or perhaps she had simply given it up to achieve a better result. But now as Eloise watched in mild shock a hushed silence filled the room, one of the top holders at the university was currently wetting themselves in an auditorium packed with spectators. A loud splattering noise echoing up off the plastic-coated crash mats, the pool of clear liquid spraying out of her in all directions and at some speed. It looked almost as if someone had a thumb in a hose between her legs as the days of pent up pee soaked through her clothes and raced down her legs that now shone in the lights of the packed auditorium.

As those around the room began to realise what was going on there was an audible pause in the clapping, before a few moments later it seemed to erupt even louder as Zara continued to wet herself on the centre of the stage. The rapturous applause far louder for some reason, as if the crowd were showing their appreciation of how much and how hard she was trying to contain her bladder. Or perhaps they thought it was some added artform, the bladder university offering a new spectacle of wet gymnastics. It was a strange moment for Eloise, everyone around her clapping madly for her friend who was currently pissing herself, well everyone but Summer.

A couple of people over the Blonde-haired woman had her head in her hands, her ears burning bright red. Looking beneath her it was clear that she too had lost control of her bladder at almost the same moment, a river liquid currently draining down the metal slats and pouring off them onto the wooden floor meters beneath her. Too wrapped up in the show in front of them the audience was missing her accident, but as the applause started to die down an unmistakable sound of liquid dripping onto wood took its place as a couple of those around summer began to look over at the mortified woman who was wetting herself amongst the crowd.

But just as the loud patter of Summers accident starting to make its way through the noise of the auditorium the music started again. The sudden base noise filling the room and sparing Summer further humiliation, only a couple of her housemates seemed to have noticed. Their red faces looking first at her and then beneath them. Summers stream still adding to the huge puddle under the stand, falling almost three feet and colliding with the solid surface. Her and Zara a mirror image but as one revelled in the applause the other shrank back from the room, hoping no one had noticed as she too lost control of her mammoth bladder. The only saving grace the fact she was wearing a dress, although given her sitting position Eloise could see it running down her thighs and the backs of her blue knee socks darkening in long streaks as her pee soaked into them.

Eloise couldn’t pick who to watch, her head swivelling between Zara who remained on the stage, pee running down her toned legs and darkening the crash mats for meters around her. Or Summer, who still had her head in her hands, the distance her pee falling causing it to bounce and spray an even larger puddle than Zara was creating.

“The scores are in!” The woman in the booth announced.

“10.0, 10.0, 10.0, 10.0, a perfect score!”

Again the crowd erupted in applause, people all around them standing in ovation.

Bowing to them she walked off the stage, a few rivulets still flowing down her legs. But as the music started Zara simply took her place on the side of the stage, sitting in a chair as pee still left her exhausted bladder. A new second puddle forming under her chair as If now she had virtually won, she had no cares in the world. Unlike Summer who continued to hide her face, peeing a steady stream for well over two more minutes. But despite her unmoving body and the loud patter of urine, no one seemed to have noticed other than Eloise and her housemates. Although, someone would surely find the absolutely massive puddle beneath the stand when they came to take it down later that evening. Her mess easily mistaken for a spilt cooler, drips still falling in a wide arc where her pee had run along the bottom of the metal bar beneath her.

###

The cracks in the groups iron bladders are starting to appear, will any of them be able to hold on?

Thank you all for reading and I really appreciate your comments!

Thank you all so much for the support.

