Botticelli Face - Chapter 3

Author: mystic dreamer

*000*2021-09-28 12:47

Chapter 3. Perverts

Rick rose early, as usual, and had his breakfast of yogurt and granola before crossing the gravel open space where the tenants of the cabins parked their cars. He opened the so-called office, which was actually more of a utility center and storage shed, and pushed the lawn mower out. Behind the office was a grassy space with picnic tables as well as swings and a jungle gym for the kids. Behind the grassy space were two more cabins. That was where they put the visitors with families. Today was Rick’s day to mow.

He did a thorough job of it and took his time. He returned the mower to the shed. As he began to walk back to his cabin, he caught sight of Pamela emerging from her own.

Pamela was wearing a little black dress with a low-cut bodice. The dress was much too short for a gal with Pamela’s substantial thighs, and Rick noted that she was wearing white panties for the second day in a row. She was also wearing a bright red garter belt that protruded from beneath the tiny dress; the silver clasps gleamed in the morning sun and held up flesh-colored stockings with old-fashioned seams in the back. Her high heels were bright red.

An esoteric philosopher – and Rick sometimes imagined himself to be one – would have said that Pamela was wearing the three colors symbolic of alchemy – black, white, and red.

Perhaps she wanted to experience mystical transmutation.

Or at least get picked up in a bar.

It was true that she looked like a ripe old slut, but Rick had always loved it when she dressed that way. He lingered in the shadows of the office building, watching her without her knowledge as she got into her Suburban and drove off, no doubt headed for the Salty Dawg. Rick wondered if she would have to compete with Shasta Sandy.

After she had gone, Rick went back to the grassy space and practiced his Tai Chi for close to an hour. Her almost succeeded in forgetting about Pamela – the accidents she’d had yesterday and the day before, the way she’d looked this morning. He went into his cabin. He smoked a joint. He was well on his way to forgetting about Pamela. He was also intensely hungry. Visions of a Salty Dawg monster-burger danced through his mind.

He decided he really needed a monster-burger and grabbed his car keys.

He wondered if Pamela would be there at the Salty Dawg.

He hoped it would be Shasta Sandy instead.

He parked in his usual spot at the edge of town and walked down to the Salty Dawg. He paused beneath a tree and peeked inside.

Shasta Sandy wasn’t there, but Pamela was – all decked out to the max and surrounded by three guys while she waved a glass of red wine and held forth on God only knows what topic. One of the guys was red-haired Tommy, the waiter who had witnessed Pamela’s accident at the Happy Kat two nights ago. Rick had to smile. Maybe Tommy had been genuinely impressed.

Rick continued to stand there and watch as Jason Deming came running down the street and dashed into the Salty Dawg. He conferred for a moment with the three guys surrounding Pamela. Then all four men hurried out the door, leaving Pamela alone at the bar.

As the men rushed by, Rick asked: “What’s up?”

Tommy stopped and answered him. “Some tourist gal rented a kayak from Chip and got herself stuck between two rocks in Scammon Canyon.”

“The tourists aren’t supposed to shoot those rapids in the canyon. Chip always tells them that.”

“Yeah, but she didn’t pay any attention. I guess she thought she could call him if she got in a jam. She’s a real city girl type, so she just didn’t know….”

Rick finished the sentence for him. “She didn’t know there’s no cell phone reception in the canyon. How did they find her?”

“More tourists, hiking the Scammon Trail.”

“And it takes four of you plus Chip to get her out of there?”

Tommy shrugged and grinned. “They say she’s a real looker. Just out of college with an athletic bod.”

Tommy rushed away with the others. Rick looked back. He could see Pamela sitting at the bar in silence, staring into her drink. He could feel her pain.

Poor Pamela. Once again, the lonesome fat chick had failed to find a guy. A cute but thoroughly witless young tourist with a hot body was infinitely more fascinating than a chubby drunk who wore a red garter belt and blatantly flashed the white triangle.

Rick couldn’t face her sadness. Not right now. He would have to give up on the monster-burger and have a Cobb Salad at the Happy Kat instead.

By the time Rick returned to the cabins, he was feeling sorry for Pamela. He went into the office. Few people came to the cabins for Christmas or New Year, because at that season of the year, it rained fairly constantly along this stretch of the Pacific coast. But occasionally tenants did show up for July 4th or for a wedding anniversary, family reunion, or something of the sort, so Matt kept “fancy” tablecloths and napkins in the storage area for such occasions. Rick selected a pink linen napkin with lacy ruffles (not unlike some of Pamela’s underwear).

He returned to his cabin and found an empty memory stick. He loaded his slide show of Pamela on the memory stick. He walked over to her cabin; as property manager, he had keys to everything. She had set up her laptop on the kitchen table. Rick gently laid down the pink napkin and placed the memory stick on it.

If no one picked her up today and she arrived back at the cabins feeling miserable, perhaps it would help to see herself acting out the role of the wild fantasy girl she had spoken of in the meadow, really BEING that person, as she sometimes could be when the spirit came over her.

Rick returned to his own cabin. Pamela came back around sunset. She was alone. Rick chose not to bother her. He searched the Internet until he found a posting of Samuel Barber’s “Adagio for Strings.” It suited his quiet, contemplative mood.

Rick paused for dinner, listened to more music. He was almost drifting off in his favorite chair when he heard a crash – the sound of metal and broken glass.

He rushed out onto the porch. The darkness had fallen. He turned on the porch light to get a better view of what the hell was going on.

There stood Pamela in her little black dress, with her garter belt, her stockings, and her crimson heels. She was standing next to Nick’s Camry, and there was a hammer in her hand. The passenger side headlight of the Camry was in pieces on the ground.

“I hate these cheap Japanese cars,” said Pamela. “They break SO easily.”

“Wh-what the fuck did you do that for?”

“Because I’m bad.”

She smiled. Rick felt his dick rising.

“I’m a bad, bad girl and I need to be punished.”

“You sure as hell do!” Rick leapt off the porch and grabbed Pamela by the ear with his right hand. She dropped the hammer. He took her arm with his left hand and marched her up onto the porch, then into his cabin.

Pamela stood in the center of the room, smiling.

“So whatcha gonna do about it, big boy?”

“First, I need to get a better look at this nasty old wench,” he said. He walked up to her, seized the shoulders of the little black dress with both hands, and tore it down the middle. He cast the remnants on the floor. Pamela stood there in a Victorian bustier, white panties with ruffled edges, her bright red garter belt with the silver clasps that held up her stockings, and those bright red shoes.

“That’s better,” said Rick.

“Damn right,” said Pamela.

“Is that what you were going to show the boys down at the Salty Dawg?”

“Sure. If any one of those mental giants had had the brains to take me home. How do I look?”

“Gorgeous,” said Rick, really meaning it.

“No, I mean what kind of a girl do I look like?”

Oh ho, thought Rick. So this was the game she wanted. He knew it well.

“You look like a Slut.”

“Say it again!”

“SLUT!”

She fell into his arms like a character in a romance novel. She bit his ear and said, “Tell me what I am.”

Rick buried his hands in the folds of Pamela’s prodigious rear end and wriggled his fingers beneath the elastic of her enormous undies. “Pamela,” he said, “You are a SLUT!”

“Oh… that sounds like sweet music to my ears.”

“You want music, Slut? I’ll give you music.”

Rick stepped back from her and unbuckled his belt. He whipped it in the air hard enough to make a sharp, crackling sound.

“How’s that for music?”

Pamela walked, as if in a trance, to the warm sanctuary of Rick’s unmade bed. She nestled her face into his pillow with her bottom pointed at the wooden ceiling.

“Pamela, how old are you?” snarled Rick.

“Forty-three.”

“I missed your last birthday. Now I’m going to make up for it.”

Pamela gasped as the belt whipped across her posterior. She gasped as the second blow snapped down. And the third. And the fourth. Upon the fifth, she cried out.

But they were in the middle of the wilderness, and there was no one to hear her, and of course that was the way she wanted it.

Again and again Rick smacked her bottom with his belt. After he reached the twentieth blow, his arm became weary. Pamela had closed her eyes and drifted away into submissive space, a magical, mystical dream world all its own.

Rick kept on spanking her. After the thirtieth blow, Pamela’s eyes came open and she cried out. But she did not call for him to stop. He wondered if she was about to pee on his bed, but he still did not stop.

“Forty-one, forty-two, forty-three!”

Pamela gasped. She made a move as if to rise up and get off the bed, but she fell back down again.

“I think I need another glass of wine,” she whispered.

Rick put his arm around her shoulder, gently helped her to stand up. They kissed. She was just a little bit bow-legged as Rick helped her walk into the kitchen. Pamela thudded down into a chair at the kitchen table, and Rick turned the lights on in the kitchen. The silver clasps on her garter belt sparkled in the light.

Rick found a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon on the counter and presented it to Pamela. She drank the first two glasses down rather quickly, sighed, and looked up at Rick.

“I’m bursting,” she said.

“How much did you drink?”

“Enough,” she smiled. “I’m sorry about your kitchen floor.”

Rick wrinkled his eyebrows. “There’s nothing wrong with the kitchen floor.”

Pamela just kept smiling and filled another glass.

As Rick watched, the front of Pamela’s snow-white panties began to darken. An amber stream began to make its way from her underwear to the edge of the chair, but divided into two magnificent golden waterfalls as the urine began to surge powerfully out of her panties and stream down both of her legs, into and through her seamed nylon stockings until it was splashing all the way into her scarlet shoes. Meanwhile two more rivers poured forth from both sides of her enormous rear end, tumbling freely to the kitchen floor, merging with the waterfalls that ran down her legs to form a puddle on the floor that seemed, to Rick’s enchanted eyes, to be the size of a lake.

“I really had to go,” said Pamela.

When it was clear that she was finally finished, Rick stood up. He walked over to where Pamela was sitting, and he picked her up – no small feat considering the size of the woman. She was nestled in his arms and her hand was curled around his neck, playing with his hair. They smiled at each other. His right arm was already soaked from holding her wet rear end. He carried her into the bedroom and placed her gently on the bed.

Pamela kicked off her shoes and was already fumbling with her bustier as Rick undid the garter belt clasps and rolled down her soaking stockings, casting them upon the floor. Then he removed the garter belt itself – and, finally her thoroughly sodden underwear. He took off his pants, and as he entered her, rock hard but moving slow and gentle, she wrapped her arms around him the way she used to do back in the days when they had believed they were in love with each other.

And they kept on doing it and doing it and doing it until the morning came.

