The fair!

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-11-14 22:36

Mike went with his friend and two girls to a fair out of the town.

All of them were older than 18 years.

They had to go about a half an hour with a bus to get to the event.

They arrived at afternoon and looked around at the area. There were a lot of kiosks, like at a rummage sale, where you could buy many different things.

The girl bought some prices of that stuff and then they went to the drink and food corner.

They were sitting since a while for to eat and for to drink as Mike’s friend was get up and went behind the bushes not far from their place.

As soon as he came back went Mike to the bushes and ordered 4 more drinks on the way back to the table.

The girls stayed at the table, sure that they had to wee as well, because they had the same drinks and they had not weed since they left their home.

There were no loos around and therefore the girls couldn’t go, as at so many times at events like this.

The 2 girls were accustomed to deal with that unfair fate that boys can go but girls have to hold it.

The boys did like that, because they were some of many boys who loved to see girls desperate to pee and who loves it if girls need to go, but can’t.

Another drink and more than one hour later, the boys went again behind the bushes, this time they went together.

And again they pissed a large amount of urine out of their full bladders.

”That is not to believe how long the girls can endure not to piss!” said Mike and was horny about the thought that their bladders must have been full to burst.

His friend had the same thought and said “ They are holding all that what we pissed for two times. Their bladders must be big as a pumpkin.”

“I am curious how long they will be able to hold it.” said Mike.

Back at the table, the girls did not say that they would need to go as well, or that it is unfair, or something like that, but it was getting visibly that they were in need.

More and more they crossed their legs and pressed their thighs hard together.

Sometimes they whispered to each other. The boys couldn’t understand what, but they could imagine what about they talked.

It doesn’t last very long until one of the girls said that they have both very urgently humanly needs and that they would like to go now.

”You mean you two need a wee?” asked Mike in a way like it was unusual that girls are needing to wee.

”Yes that means that we are needing to wee and we are needing it very, very badly and urgently.” answered the girl displeased.

”Okay, i understand, but i think one more drink and one more hour will be easily possible for you.” replied Mike.

”It’s easy for you to say that, you have been twice and we not even once.” said the girl a little bit angry.

”Yes we have been twice, but you are girls.” said Mike.

” What do you talk about? Do you think that girls don’t need to wee?” st asked .

”Sure that girls are needing to wee as well, but girls can hold it. I heard sometimes unbelievable long if they have to.” answered Mike’s friend.

”We really need to wee very urgent, we are needing to go since you went the first time to the bushes and after that we had so much to drink.

We will wet our panties on the way home, if we don’t go very soon.” said the girl from Mikes friend.

She should not have said that! The imagination that the girls couldn’t hold it anymore and that they would wet their panties, was the boy’s turning on very much.

Especially Mikes friend wanted to see their urine running down on their legs, he wanted to see how they piss themselves.

Mike wanted to see more how they fight with all their power to keep their panties dry.

Their large glasses were still half full and so Mike offered that they will go when their glasses were empty.

The boys had all the time of the world to empty it.

Just at that moment as they wanted to go came 3 boys to their table, friends from Mike.

They were already a little bit drunken and one of them said “ you can’t go now, you can’t leave before we had a drink together and was ordering 7 drinks…………….!???

*001*2024-11-17 11:28

The girls were needing to wee since so long, their urge was painful, their bladders were hurting, but they had to sit down again, they had to drink, but they still couldn’t go!

They could not even talk about their need in front of the 3 strangers, they “simply” had to hold it.

”Sorry.” whispered Mike silently to the girls in a way that his friends couldn’t hear him.

The girls bellies were visibly swollen with their big overfilled bladders, they had their legs tight crossed and their thighs hard pressed together.

They drank up their drinks very fast to be able to leave finally, but one of Mikes friends asked “one more round?”

”No thank you, we have to leave now, the girls are needing to the loo since hours.” answered Mikes friend.

”Oh that’s bad, it is absolutely a shame that they have no toilets here. It’s every year the same that girls have to suffer sometimes for hours very bad.

Look how many girls are standing already with crossed legs.

But you can wait just a little longer then it gets dark, then you can go behind the bushes, that’s what all the girls are doing “ said the boy.

” Seldom you can see so many girls desperate to pee as here .” said one of the other boys and pointed to the bar, where a lot of girls were standing with tight crossed legs.

”That is not fair about the girls.” said Mike, but was turned on very much about that circumstances and about the girls with their crossed legs and about the bursting full bladders of their own girls.

Their swollen bellies and their bulging bladders were already visible for all.

The girls didn’t want ( couldn’t ) stay any longer, they wanted to go home now.

” Before we leave i make a fast visit to the bushes.” said Mikes friend.

”That is now really not fair, you are going three times and i not even once since i left my home.” said his girl.

The boys were aroused about this situation and one of them said “ we boys admire you girls for your bladder control and for your ability to hold your wee for such long periods of time when you are drinking so much.”

Mike wanted to animate the girls to stay until it was dark and to squat behind the bushes, but the girls wanted to go.

They could not even stand upright from needing to pee so very, very bad.

The last “fast drink “ was nearly blast their bladders.

Mikes friends girl was walking with rubbing knees and her thighs pressed together.

There was just one tree on the way to the bus stop.

The girl said “ sorry i can’t no more, it hurts sooooo much, my bladder will explode if i don’t do that.” and was squatting behind the tree.

The tree was not big enough to hide her. They could see and hear her pissing for unbelievable long.

It was hissing out of her loud and with high pressure.

” That was amazing, i think that was more than necessary.” said her friend with a boner in his pants.

Mikes cock was hard as well and the imagination that his girl was holding all that inside her, was a extra turn on for him.

” You should piss too, it will last more than one hour until you are at home. You can’t endure that for so long.” said the girl to Mikes girl.

”My bladder is really about to burst, but i try to hold it.” answered the girl.

The boys loved to hear that, the girl couldn’t understand and believe that,

They had to wait for almost 20 minutes for the bus, the last drink was still on the way to the poor girls bladder.

They were sitting in the bus together in the last row. The girl had her legs crossed and knotted and all of them did know why, all of them knew that she was needing to piss unbelievable urgently and that her visible bladder was near to explode.

She was bending over, she pressed both hands between her sexy, nude thighs, she moaned and was shaking from needing to pee so very, very bad.

”It hurts so bad, i can’t stand that any longer , my bladder is big as a soccer ball and hard as a rock.” said the girl and caressed her swollen belly.

“May i feel it?” asked Mike and put his hand on the girl’s swollen belly, which was really hard as a rock.

”You boys love to see us girls suffer from needing to wee!!?” asked Mikes friends girl and blustered with the other girl, why she was not squatting behind the tree before they went to the bus.

The “poor “ girl was frantic, she had the fabric of her short skirt pushed hard between her thighs so that her thighs were naked up to her panties.

A great, arousing show for the boys what she did, or had to do, to keep her panties dry.

They never before had seen a girl so close, so desperate.

There was a parking lot at the bus stop and as soon as the bus opened the door the girl was going bended over, with one hand between her thighs to the cars.

She wanted to squat between the cars, she lifted her skirt, but before she could pull her panties down, she started to piss full force.

She was standing bend over and pissed in her panties like a school girl.

The wee was running down on both of her bare legs.

During she pissed she was squatting down, pushed her panties aside and kept pissing until there was a large lake between her feet and her so much tortured bladder was empty.

It was an experience to remember for the girls but even more for the boys!!

