Karen's Karma

Author: Mickey

*000*2019-01-16 13:48

The Preamble (aka Author's Notes, aka About This Fic)

Dedications!

For @Bangarang and @SAM996

, here's a story of intense desperation fueled by bathroom hogging and a baby-proofed toilet. @luckymon2

, this is a double desperation at a house party, with the protagonists intentionally delaying themselves relief, so this one's for you too! Fingers crossed, hoping you all like it!

On the structure of this fic!

I tried to keep it short, I really did, but I couldn't help writing a long-ass buildup. Really couldn't help it *shrug*.

It is still too short for a proper multi-chaptered fic, but way too long for a one-shot. So I am breaking this in to parts -

* Parts 1 to 5 is the setup & build up. There isn't a lot of actual description of desperation here - it shows the protagonists filling up, and mentions other people bursting for a pee though.

* Part-6: About 1k words of pure male desperation, caused by bathroom hogging. If you don't care for the setup, you can read this along with Part-8 as a standalone.

* Part-7: About 800 words of pure female desperation, caused by a baby-proofed toilet. You can read this along with Part-8 as a standalone.

* Part-8: Double desperation, and conclusion.

I will post 1 or 2 parts each day, as soon as I finish the final editing

*001*2019-01-16 13:58

Part-1: In which Karen meets Chris

(aka The Setup. Like all my fics, I start at the end - so you know what we'll work up to But after 4 paragraphs, the rest of the story is chronological)

Karen ignored the knock on the door and the rather strained enquiry on if "it is going to be much longer". She focused on applying the lipstick instead. She had her legs pressed together and couldn't stop herself from bobbing up and down - that was proving to be a problem. Keeping your hands steady while your bladder is about to burst is rather difficult. She heard a moan from outside the door and imagined Chris kneading his dick, the weight of his bladder pulling him down, barely keeping the flood in check. It was undeniably an arousing image.

A sharp jolt in her lower abdomen brought her back to her own predicament. Much as she would like to "touch up her make-up" and delay Chris longer, holding back her own flood was proving impossible. Well, she could pee just as soon as she finished putting on the lipstick - very soon now. As her bladder continued throbbing mercilessly, she briefly wondered if she was a bad person. Well, she wasn't, really - Chris had had a choice to pee long ago. He wouldn't be pee dancing outside her bathroom now if he hadn't waited so long! This was fair game.

The lipstick clattered to the ground as she shoved both hands in her crotch to outlast a particularly strong wave of desperation. Karen hopped from foot to foot (unknowingly mimicking Chris right outside). She nearly lost it as she bent to retrieve the lipstick, her bulging bladder pushing against the confines of her dress. She managed to hold on through gritted teeth, though the pressure on her bladder felt like the organ would pop at any second.

She pushed the lipstick back in her cosmetics pouch and inspected her face. Not bad, given she had been desperately pee dancing the whole 10 minutes she had worked. Now for the much needed pee! And then Chris can have his relief too - she didn't want him to wet his pants after all. If only she could see him release the load though - well, may be he'll be desperate enough to not close the door. A girl can hope!

...

Meeting Chris had made throwing this house party really worth it. To be honest, when her best friend Lynn had asked to "borrow" her house for a (day long!) party, she had been skeptical. What if the house inspectors for her adoption application dropped in just on the day and declared her unsuitable? After waiting so long, she was finally on the verge of being a mother! She couldn't possibly lose her baby! She wouldn't! She nearly had a panic attack.

Till Lynn had pointed out they were 28, not 18. Their guests weren't drunk college kids. This wouldn't be that kind of a party. Most of the guests are Karen's friends too, so if the house inspectors did come around and weren't impressed with the ridiculously baby-proofed house (really, she hadn't left a single corner - every piece of furniture had those covers! She couldn't imagine letting her baby get hurt), they would prove excellent character witnesses. And she could meet Chris, that supposedly very handsome guy Lynn had been trying to set her up with forever.

She had finally capitulated. Preparing for the party had actually been fun - something finally taking her mind off the trials and tedium of the adoption process. And she and Chris had really hit it off. If the fit and lean frame encased in a form fitting black jeans and light blue shirt, his abs lightly visible behind the tight shirt, hadn't attracted her the bright grin splitting his face would certainly have.

She herself wasn't unattractive - flaming red hair, over a pale flawless skin, encased in a flowing black dress ending just below her knees. Ok, she was actually quite attractive - with just enough curves at just the right places. But still, the sight of Chris made her a little nervous.

She hadn't really dated anyone since breaking up with her highschool boyfriend 4 years ago. There was a brief fling with Lynn, but both of them were quickly convinced that was a bad idea. It wasn't that she was heartbroken - breaking up had been her idea both times - she just hadn't felt a connection with anyone since. Not that she was looking - making your name as a journalist kinda tends to take up all your waking hours.

Her life was perfect just as it was. She always knew she wanted to be a mother, but she really didn't care about having a coparent, so she had enrolled to be a single parent and felt perfectly happy with the decision. Luckily her family and Lynn saw it the same way.

But Lynn had been really insistent she meet Chris, and after overcoming her initial nervousness, she could see why. They shared not only similar interests, but also world views - Chris was probably the only one she ever met who didn't find her baby proofing excessive. Well, her best friend had good taste.

When Lynn finally called them for a late lunch, they realized they had been talking for nearly an hour (and had worked steadily through a beer).

"Well, this will certainly be a good party" Karen decided as she walked to the dining room.

*005*2019-01-17 05:12

{{10 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this

}}

I'm glad to hear that :)

{{4 hours ago, luckymon2 said:

Such a good start and damn dude the tease of the ending was so damn hot! I’m really excited for this one and I’m actually glad it’s a multi-part story because imo the long ones with a proper set up usually have the best pay-offs. Thank you for getting extra creative with some of your stories in order to appeal to your fans and their wants as well, really awesome of you

}}

Well, I am afraid this one just might have too much setup - but I'm glad you are excited about it. For me, the why and how someone got desperate is the real fun part, hence my typically long build ups!

{{42 minutes ago, Nar said:

So far so good.

}}

Well I hope you like the rest :-D

*006*2019-01-17 05:23

{{15 hours ago, Mickey said:

When Lynn finally called them for a late lunch, they realized they had been talking for nearly an hour (and had worked steadily through a beer).

}}

Part-2: In Which They Have Lunch

(aka The Filling Up. Lynn's bladder nears its limits in this one, but the details have been left up to your imagination ... )

The beer hadn't really made a difference to Karen - she had peed just before the guests started arriving at noon, so at 1:30 her bladder was at a 1/10. But Chris hadn't peed since he left his place at 9am - he had some errands to run before coming here, and the two large coffees he drank while running them and his glass of OJ for breakfast was catching up. He had a really large bladder, so he was only at a 3/10 - but he was acutely aware of how much liquid he had consumed. He took a quick look around and couldn't spot the toilets - everyone else seemed familiar with the house, and nobody had seen fit to give him a tour. He could see the others already sitting around the table, waiting for them - now didn't seem like a good time to ask for the whereabouts of that toilet. Anyway he didn't even need to pee yet.

Chris took his place between a few guys he knew from before as Karen took the empty space beside Lynn. Lunch was a long and lazy affair - Karen and Lynn had decided to get their meal catered, they could now (finally) afford to after all. The guests seemed to enjoy the multi-course affair and conversation flowed lazily across the table, old friends catching up after a long time. The servers kept up a steady supply of food and wine, more wine than food really, as the guests lingered over their food.

It was past 4 when Lynn finally broke the party with her characteristic forthrightness. "As much as I am loving this chat, my bladder will burst if I sit here a minute longer. So excuse me folks" she declared and left the table, in a less than dignified manner. There was a lot of laughter and a few sympathetic "me too"s as everyone got up from the table. A few of them followed Lynn towards the inside of the house, while the rest went and settled themselves on the sofas.

By now, having consumed too many glasses of wine and water for his own good, Chris was at the end of a solid 6/10. Even his large bladder needed relieving at this point. He followed the crowd heading in to the house, correctly deducing they were headed to the toilets.

Karen watched Chris walk casually in front of his friend who was clearly desperate and taking only mincing steps, with a mixture of excitement and shock. She had this strange, nearly unconscious, habit of keeping track of how much someone drank and how often they visited the loo. There was something exciting about the knowledge that a person was fighting to keep control after consuming lots of liquids, and finally being forced to give in to their urges. So she had noticed just how much Chris had drank - more than anyone else at the table. And unlike almost everyone else, he hadn't peed since coming here.

Actually only 5 people hadn't peed since the party started, Karen included. And she was at a solid 5/10 even though she peed right before and had restricted herself to just two glasses of wine and one of water. Lynn, who hadn't used the toilet since 10:30am, had jiggled her legs throughout the latter part of lunch, crossing and uncrossing her legs, occasionally even holding herself under the table. She really had looked ready to burst when she finally excused herself. Looking at her fidgeting, Karen had felt a tingling sensation in her pussy which had nothing to do with her own increasing need to pee.

Everyone who followed Lynn towards the toilet looked like they needed a piss pretty badly. All, except Chris. While the other 3 who hadn't peed since coming were walking slightly hunched over and could barely stop themselves from grabbing their crotches the moment they stood up, Chris was strolling casually as if he didn't need to pee at all. Karen was intrigued! He must have an absolutely massive bladder - oh what she wouldn't give to watch him squirm in desperation! But he would most certainly come back with an empty bladder, so Karen sighed and went to join the few people who hadn't made a beeline for the sole toilet in her house.

*008*2019-01-17 07:03

{{21 minutes ago, SAM996 said:

I think you're building things well. Really I'm here for my story but I'm sure you'll do good with other people's.

}}

Thank you I'm glad you approve of the buildup ...

*011*2019-01-17 16:05

{{3 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

This is is fabulous. I can tell wait for more

}}

Well, here comes the next chapter in a few minutes! :) Hope you like it!

{{7 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Man this is excellent

}}

Thank you for following along - glad to know you're enjoying it! :)

*013*2019-01-17 16:11

Part-3: In Which There Is A Queue

(aka where the lazy author leaves a lot to the reader's imagination)

Chris reached the toilet to find a queue of just 2 people in front of him. Thank goodness - he really hated waiting in lines, especially for something mundane like pissing. The guy in front had his legs pressed close together and was bent slightly forward - but was otherwise in good control. The girl behind him though was beyond all shame. She had her hands shoved down there and was hopping from foot to foot. Behind Chris were two other guys in an all-out pee dance, gripping their dick, knees crossed, shifting their weight from foot to foot every 30s - they looked like they would wet their pants any minute now. The 4 people queued behind them didn't look too good either - everyone had their legs close together and in some form of the pee pee dance. Chris nearly rolled his eyes - seriously, how could people need to pee this bad already? Thank goodness for a good strong bladder!

Just as Lynn finally emerged from the toilet looking immeasurably relieved, a girl hobbled in to the corridor. She literally had her hand down her pants and was bent over. She was the epitome of "bursting to pee", with her eyes swimming with tears. Whether from the pain of a full bladder or the embarrassment of being in the state she was, Chris couldn't say. She took one look at the tightly crossed legs of just about every one in the queue, everyone obviously needing to go badly, and whimpered. She had realized no one was in a position to let her cut in line.

Then she saw Chris standing there composedly and a spark of hope animated her eyes. Just as the guy emerged and the girl in front nearly upended him in her rush to get in, the new girl came up to Chris and begged him to let her take his place in the queue. He was somewhat annoyed by the request - just because he wasn't putting on a show didn't mean he didn't need to pee just as badly as anyone else. In fact, his bladder was getting distinctly uncomfortable now, inching its way to a 7/10. 7 hours without a piss, and litres of liquids would do that to a man.

He could hear the absolute gusher the girl in the bathroom was releasing - apparently she hadn't even locked the door in her haste. The new girl physically flinched at the sound, and Chris's sympathy won over his annoyance. He let the poor girl take his place - she looked about a second away from making a puddle, a large wet patch already visible at her crotch. He could wait. Sighing quietly he decided to come back later - no point in queuing behind 6 people.

Karen saw Chris walk back, with a slight swell in his lower abdomen. She excitedly wondered if he hadn't been able to pee for some reason, but then quieted her overactive imagination as he joined her on the couch with two beers in hand. He was clearly not in any need to pee, that swell was probably there from morning and she hadn't noticed - not every man could have a perfectly flat 6-pack, can they!

*014*2019-01-17 16:21

So readers, I have a confession, and a question - I will not write anything further about the fate of the people Chris left in the queue. Some things are best left to the imagination, in my opinion - and writing about the fate (and inevitably creating the desperation arc) of 6 'off-screen' characters seemed like an unnecessary distraction from Karen and Chris's story.

Now for the question - does this kind of an "unfinished arc" annoy you? Like why throw it in there if you aren't gonna do something with it? [I could have made this girl ask Chris just cause he was at the head of the line - didn't need 5 more desperate people behind him]

Or are you happy imagining all the bursting bladders sitting around waiting for someone to end the lunch, rushing to piss only to find a queue, the sheer bladder-envy of watching someone cut in line, etc.? [This is why I created the bunch of desperate characters. Detailed description of desperation is great, but I get bored of reading it sometimes. Just knowing a bunch of people were also bursting for a piss though? That's always hot to me]

{{16 minutes ago, Ktpq said:

I can’t wait for the next chapters the first 2 were amazing can’t wait to read more ^_^

}}

Thank you for saying so! I'm really happy know you are enjoying the setup, even though there aren't a whole lot (okay, any) detailed description of desperation.

*018*2019-01-18 00:12

{{7 hours ago, Ktpq said:

I like to imagine the desperation of the people in line

}}

{{7 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

For me the assumption they all made it is fine and they might appear back at some point.

}}

Glad to know the implied desperation worked for you guys! Thank you so much for the feedback

{{7 hours ago, Mbgpeelover said:

A tad jealous of Karen

}}

Well, she will definitely get to see Chris get in some really dire straits!

{{4 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story is is so very great

}}

Thank you!! Glad to know you are enjoying the build-up

*019*2019-01-18 00:23

Part-4: In Which Karen and Chris Reach Their Limits

(aka the one which ends with two utterly desperate idiots, dying for a pee)

{{8 hours ago, Mickey said:

He joined her on the couch with two beers in hand. He was clearly not in any need to pee, that swell was probably there from morning and she hadn't noticed - not every man could have a perfectly flat 6-pack, can they!

}}

She accepted the beer and they fell in to an easy conversation, as if they had known each other all their lives. After an hour, their beers were over and both of them started feeling the effects. Karen crossed her legs and squirmed a bit to find a comfortable position. She was at a 7/10 now, the beer having gone to her bladder amazingly fast, but she was enjoying the conversation far too much to move.

Chris showed no external sign, though his swelling bladder was aching against his tight jeans, showing a quite visible bulge. Even 8 hours and almost more than 3 litres of liquids in, his bladder was at a steady 7/10. He would have liked to loosen his jeans a bit and give himself room to grow - but he was still in perfect control. No point in interrupting a nice conversation for the inconvenient need to pee.

When they were offered a tall glass of iced tea by Lynn, he didn't think twice before accepting. Karen demurred however - she knew she was nearing her limits, but was loath to leave the conversation and go pee. She decided to just not drink anything instead.

In spite of the resolution, half an hour later, Karen had to classify herself as desperate. She had to cross her legs for composure, pulling all her muscles tight. Her body was begging for relief, and it was all she could do to stop herself from grabbing her crotch openly. She was thankful she was wearing a dress - her bladder wasn't under as much pressure as a jeans would put. She crossed her legs a bit tighter and manoeuvred herself to let the edge of the sofa push against her labia. Ah, that felt better.

Chris still looked completely at ease, but a closer look would show his legs were pressed together, and his hand was underneath his by now very noticeable bladder bulge, as if supporting it. He had more than a litre of piss in him, and his bulging bladder showed it. Most men would have peed themselves by now - but his bladder was up to the pressure.

In fact both of them had entered the 8/10 territory by now, and filling fast - but both were enjoying the company way too much to move. It was as if only the two of them existed in the house - Karen hadn't felt this connection with anyone that she could remember. But her bladder was throbbing constantly now, and after 6 hours of holding it, her muscles were tired. She really needed to excuse herself and release the flood inside. She was at that stage where you simply pull a squat on a semi-empty road because you just can't hold it till the next rest area. As she prepared to stand up however, she suddenly got an extra impetus to hold on.

She noticed Chris's stiff body language, tightly pressed legs and a definite bulge in his abdomen, spilling out of the waistband. As Lynn started pouring out sodas right next to them, Chris visibly flinched. His hands were positioned in his lap as if one was pressing on his dick and the other was holding that swollen bulge up. That confirmed it - he needed a piss. Bad. Karen was fascinated - she had never seen a bladder bloat out the way Chris's was, straining against his tight jeans, spilling over the waist band.

That must really hurt - the jeans cutting through his over-full bladder!? She became a little moist just imagining the oceans of hot piss Chris must be keeping back. She wondered why he hadn't excused himself yet, but as her bladder sent out twinges begging to be relieved, she got her answer. Chris probably didn't want to abruptly break off conversation and run away to piss! She couldn't believe her luck - a hot guy, straining to keep a flood of pee contained? She determined to delay his break as long as feasible. As long as her body allowed.

And the man seemed absolutely incapable of refusing a drink. She could swear he gave his cock a really long squeeze as he accepted the soda from Lynn. Karen refused - she could not imagine adding more liquids to her bladder. She pulled her right leg underneath her and let her heel grind against her pee-hole - she almost moaned out in relief. Ah, thank goodness for the comforts a dress affords. She couldn't have held on much longer in a jeans.

Chris now had only one hand to comfort himself - it looked like supporting his bulging bladder took priority. But as he took the first gulp of his soda, he had to start jiggling his legs. He just couldn't sit still. He really thought about excusing himself right then and there - but Karen was so alluring! It was 9 hours since his last piss, and he had probably drank 4 litres or so. His bladder felt rock solid and had started to ache. But he valiantly tightened his spinchter and willed his body to hold on. He wouldn't give in.

In the next hour, they both eyed people walking towards the bathroom with envy, as their bladders continued filling up beyond what they thought was possible. Karen had nearly reached her limits - she sat right on top of her heel as a last resort, a small bladder bulge visible against her dress. As she ground her heel in to her pussy in a desperate effort to hold on for some time longer, she thanked her stars for having not chosen a jeans. She could see the bulge straining against Chris's tight jeans, at least double the size of her own bulge. He must be absolutely frantic she thought - but he still wasn't showing any overt signs.

Chris was at the latter stages of a 9/10 - he couldn't remember needing to pee this badly in a long time. May be that time they had gone on a hiking trip and he had held it all day, refusing to pee in the woods like some animal. His underwear had been quite wet by the end of that day, and a small wet patch on his crotch. Not that anybody ever found out. But if he didn't make a move soon, his pants won't come out dry today either. His jaws were clenched against the constant throbbing in his bladder, and his hand was pressing on his lap for dear life - it took every ounce of self control to not jiggle his legs or hunch forward. He had noticed Karen pulling her left leg underneath her and wished he could do something to relieve the extreme pressure in his own abdomen.

But he was a man - he didn't have many options that would count as subtle. His only option was to excuse himself, but at this point he doubted he could stand up straight without bursting. No, that kind of spectacle would never do - he has to wait till he has some privacy. So he clenched every muscle and held on. She looked like she would have to excuse herself soon enough - his bladder can outwait hers!

Just when Karen felt she was at her absolute limit and was about to excuse herself, Lynn broke in to their conversation - "It's past 7 you love birds! We have a dinner to get to, remember? We are late, late, late! Come on, get up, we need to goo!"

Chris nearly groaned - he had forgotten they were going out for dinner. If Lynn made them leave now? Without giving him a chance to relieve his aching bladder? He couldn't imagine holding it through dinner. But he couldn't imagine rushing to the toilet first thing on entering a restaurant either. His bladder clenched in protest - he couldn't help hunching forward this time. His bladder had reached capacity.

*023*2019-01-18 04:34

{{3 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Loved that chapter I cant wait to read the next chapter

}}

Well, here it comes! Thank you for always leaving your appreciation

{{3 hours ago, daisyduke said:

Wow this chapter was my favorite, I absolutely loveeee this scenario!!!!

}}

Yay! Thanks for letting me know!

{{3 hours ago, Nar said:

Ok, I´ve got a problem with Part 3. Mickey, don´t take it the wrong way, this is constructive criticism. Usually people don´t wait until the point of desperation and pee dancing in a private party at a house. Maybe one, but not 8 people in a queue. People get up of the sit and go to the bathroom when they need it. Yes, I know is fiction and is a fantasy, but I hardly buy it.

Overall, good story.

}}

Well, fair enough ... I did push the boundaries of believability with that one ...

*024*2019-01-18 04:41

Part-5: In Which Karen Makes A Plan

(aka here's how the bathroom hogging started)

Karen dug her heels a little deeper as she came up with a plan - she knew she couldn't last the half hour or more it would take to reach the restaurant, and she definitely wanted to see Chris hold that load a bit longer.

Given how he was hunched over, Karen was sure "Gimme a minute, I'll take a leak before we leave" was on the tip of his tongue. Before he could say anything however she piped up

"Ugh! I haven't even put on my make-up yet"

"And yet you look pretty enough - now get up, we'll lose the reservation!"

"Why don't you guys leave right now, and Chris can drive me over in a bit?"

Lynn thought about it for a minute - it made sense, they could hold the table, and Karen could have some privacy with Chris.

"Well, ok then - you could have just said you want a private room you know?" Lynn stuck out her tongue at Karen. Karen just laughed it off - Chris didn't seem to even register it. His jaws were clenched and thighs pressed close together - like he was using every bit of his will power to hold that ocean of piss at bay. Karen was excited beyond words - she could barely suppress it as she said "Chris, you okay with driving me?"

All Chris could think of was the toilet he could use, finally letting the muscles relax, the golden liquid flowing out. He just nodded, hoping everyone left fast, so he could make his tortuous way to relief without making a public scene.

"Great! Karen go put your makeup on! Chris can lock the door behind us" - Lynn almost shooed Karen out.

Karen couldn't believe her luck - she was searching for a good excuse to hold him up. Her plan had been to simply keep him talking as long as her bladder allowed, and then rush in to the toilet before him. And yet now, Lynn had given her the perfect excuse.

Karen grinned at Lynn as she gingerly stood up. The sudden pressure on her spinchter as all that piss was pulled down against the opening almost made her lose it, but she had been ready for it. So she was able to walk away with some nonchalance, waving "see you soon"s to the rest of the party.

However the moment she was away from eyesight she bent over and pushed both hands against her crotch. Fuck, did that feel good. She really needed to pee like a race horse! Keeping her legs pressed close together she took mincing steps towards her bathroom.

