Track Meet Disaster

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2021-05-11 16:39

The bus bounced over the bumps in the road as shook everyone on board. Kelly, Lily, and Kenya sat close in one seat together with their big breasts squeezing and pointing out as they pushed against each other in their seats. Sweat glistening off their hot bodies as their tits and bodies bounced. Lily was blonde and sensitive, Kelly was a brunette from a rich family with lots of class as she typed away on her iPhone 47. Kenya was your basic black girl with wide hips.

Their college colors were tight red and blue. Red for their short shorts, blue for their tops.

“We almost there? Like seriously?” Said Kenya.

“Almost,” said Lily. “Hopefully soon.” She began to turn red. Her foot tapping. “I gotta go to the bathroom.” She looked worried as Kenya gushed down the rest of her water, the swishing and draining making her foot tap faster and squirm in her seat. Kenya and Kelly squirmed as well as their abdomens pushed out from pressure .

“Mm, girl I gotta go too,” said Kenya.

“We’re here!” Their coach yelled .

“Like about time,” said Kelly who pushed her hand between her legs. The bud continue to bounce on the bumpy road which only made their discomfort worse.

Kenya went “ooooooooh!” As she bounced in her seat, her slik sweaty skin rub against the other two girls, and their hips waved side to side squeezing down the center to keep their pee holes closed.

Everyone raced off the bus, and the three friends headed for the college school bathroom. The three girls trampled around each other legs crossing as they pushed each other. They reached the doors of the building snd to their horror, it was locked tight. That’s when their jaws dropped and eyes widened, Lily’s with tears as they saw a sign saying the building was closed for covid restrictions

They had to hold it!

“Oh my god!!!” Said Kelly bouncing.

Lily crossed her legs and hopped as Kenya started stepping around in circles to deal with her bursting bladder.

Kenya said. “Ok, well they better have a place somewhere cause I’m gonna-“

But a whistle was blown.

Coach said, “Girls! Meet is starting soon. Come on get your asses to the track, now! Or I’m benching you the rest of the season.”

Lily walked up to coach to whisper. “Sorry coach it just Umm....we kind of have to go and because fo the pandemic they locked the building so we can’t go to the bathroom.”

The coach Rudely said “oh is that so? So you don’t feel like you can compete?”

All three girls nodded hoping their coach was understanding.

Sadly that wasn’t the case.

Coach brought out a water bottle and started splashing some on the ground making all the girls bounce and squirm, their asses and tits jiggling wide. “Get to the track ladies!” And with that, they all cried and ran to the track painfully due o their heavy bladders.

All the girls were lined up, Kenya, Kelly and Lily crouched over like the rest and squinted as pressure added on to their balloons of bladders.

“On your Mark, get set...” none of the girls were even paying attention as they wiggled their asses making guys in the audience horny, but none the less when he yelled “GO!” And shot the horn, each girl leaked a little bit into their tight shorts. Little dots formed on each with Kelly still leaking a little like a faucet unable to stop. “Oh man...” she squealed as they all headed off.

This had been what they were working to all year, the sweat, the blisters, the uncomfortable foot rubs from their boyfriends who hated wetterz and were watching right now. The nerves were cramping their stomach and making their heads spin. Their bladders feeling like a boxer punched them in the abdomen each step, and this was a race so there was many.

Lily squealed as she scratched through her head crossing one legs after the other, almost crying due to her sensitivity.

Kelly was spitting out polish curses as she felt her pussy and ass might explode as she pushed ahead of each racer, but Kenya sprinted up, bounced her sweaty hip against Lily and made her tumble into the other racers.

The coach blew his whistle as that was a penalty. But she didn’t stop, that’s when Kelly noticed why Kenya was speeding up. She sprinted ahead and as lily noticed, she got up and did too . Each of the three girls squinting in their faces, rubbing their shorts into their pussies to make cameltoes and keep themselves shut, but their bladders spasm. A few yards form the finish line there was a porta potty hidden behind the bleachers which they noticed held audience members squirming in their black leggings unaware also.

“It’s mine!” Said lily speeding up.

“Fuck no, it’s mine!” Said Kelly waving out both her arms as she took the lead, but then started to fall behind as she felt herself leaking she shoved her fingers back deep into her vaginia to keep herself plugged. It was so intense. Kenya was crying in pain, her sexy black ass swinging back and forth as she reached out and tried to catch up.

“I am NOT missing this!” Kenya said.

“No, mine!” They all kept saying among each other as their bladders reached critical explosive levels.

Eventually Lily, given her small size, sprinkled into her panties and by the time she noticed she stopped, frozen in fear as her pussy shot out a large canon of urine, soaking herself in front of everyone. She froze snd shook, unable to take in the humiliation as everyone watched.

With her bladder about to pop next, Kelly speeded up and ran right into the potty locking Kenya out.

“No NO!” Yelled Kenya. She banged on the door but it wa son use. “Oh no...l” here it was coming she couldn’t take it anymore. Her bladder burst, and like Lily she wet herself in humiliation.

All the black leggings audience members raced down too and found themselves stumped seeing the wetting girl, lost control as well.

Kelly walked out crying too though she did make it...”I have a big wet spot!” Which showed across her crotch.

End.

