The Wet Rune

Author: Markj9494

*011*2021-02-06 10:59

Chapter 4: Stalked

Despite her confusion what Annabeth had found was amazing, possibly the first of its kind. But now the temple had been unearthed it was a race against time before other people showed up, she had to get a team here as soon as possible. Although, how would she explain the strange runic symbol on her arm that touching seemed to make her bladder fill. The embarrassment of admitting it to anyone made her cheeks burn red, she was a professional academic not some drunk college kid. She was caught between the biggest discovery of her life and her dignity, something she rather enjoyed having intact.

As she stood at the entrance and watched her pee continued to spread across the ancient stonework Annabeth could only imagine what her peers would think, or worse what they would want to do to test and experiment with the rune at her expense. Although its powers and ability to graft to her body was defiantly intriguing her, how did it work and could she replicate it for other functions. But for now, she decided she would keep it a secret for her sake and safety. Maybe there was something in the rolls of scriptures that could help get this off her or explain what had happened.

Walking back into the temple she was careful not to touch her arm, the dampness of her clothes reminding her of the consequences. How she wished she had packed up another set of clothes, but she supposed this was still better than her other soaked trousers still in her bag. Looking down she was embarrassed to see a trail of droplets on the floor, clearly marking where she had started to loose control in her mad dash for the entrance. The large puddle in the main chamber was thankfully fading out of existence.

Walking over to a nearby rack of parchments and scrolls she began to read the texts, hoping to find a solution to her current problem. Minutes passed as she tried to decipher the texts, a sense of fun had returned after events of the morning although she could certainly use Courtney right about now. This was after all what she enjoyed the most, she was reading texts that hadn’t been seen in years and that were direct link to the past. Unfortunately as she replaced another scroll, none of them seem to offer an explanation of what had just happened. There was a lot of information about the cult or tribe that had built this place, records of their gods actions and why they were so revered.

Reaching upwards she tried to grab the top scroll, accidently pushing it off the pile and sending it skittering behind one of the statues. Bending over to grab it she noticed a shadow move out of the corner of her eye. Glancing towards the entrance she was suddenly aware of footsteps coming towards her, heavy and purposeful they were strangely intimidating despite not being able to see who was causing them.

Quickly grabbing her nearby bag she pressed herself into the corner she was in, trying to go unnoticed by the unseen intruder. The menacing footsteps grew louder and louder, a dark shadow filling the entrance of the chamber. Peeking past the ankles of the statue Annabeth could make out a tall man, long dark hair and beard flowing across his chest covered in a flowing cloak. Holding her breath she wished her heart would beat quieter as the giant of a man took a few steps into the room, looking down he paused at the puddle she had left on the ground. Crouching the man placed a finger against the wet sand, for some reason making her blush madly. The unknown newcomer then looked straight at the fountain at the centre, a new sense of urgency seen in his body language as he quickly rushed to the fountain.

Now was her chance, the man was distracted and she could make her way out. Edging out from behind the statue still holding her bag she slowly made her way around the wall to the entrance. She knew her shadow would also become obvious as she crossed the doors threshold, but it was a risk she had to take. Ducking out she immediately pressed herself against the outside of the entrance. Peeking back in to see if she had managed to escape without him noticing and she was relieved to see him inspecting the fountain, his large scarred hands searching it desperately.

As quietly as possible she made her way through the chambers, reaching the entrance she started to run, the soft sand masking her footfalls. Rushing through opening the bright Moroccan sun blinded her temporarily as she threw her bag on and kept running. The heat was unbearable as sweat instantly began to pour from her as she run, the sun was almost at its peak but she hated to imagine what the intruder would do to her if he found her. Looking over her shoulder as she ran she was happy to see no one was following her and she allowed herself to slow her pace. Taking a few moments she did her best to remove her footprints so it would be harder to follow her, stepping on the harder ground and avoiding areas where the sand would make her tracks easy to see.

Picking up the pace she didn’t know how long she had been running, but she needed to stop. The temple long gone over the horizon as she continued back down the path she had taken to get there. Sweat was now pouring from her, the thin shirt she was wearing not damp but dripping wet. A dark line of sweat discolouring the hem of her cap as her hair matted against her face. Finally she felt far enough away Annabeth so she could finally relax a little. Her heart and head pounding after exerting herself she had to stop.

Sliding her bag off her shoulder and finding a nearby rock to sit on she took out the large canteen she had been drinking from. Taking a few deep swigs the still cool water radiated throughout her body, refreshing it greatly and strangely making her feel calmer. Taking off her hat she poured some of the canteens contents over her head, attempting to cool it and beat the heat. Despite being experienced in this type of climate she knew the risks of heat stroke were no joke. But now as she took her well-earned break she couldn’t ignore her new tattoo or whatever it was. By now she knew the effect It would have on her, but she couldn’t help but touch it. It was a new thing that had suddenly appeared on her body, like a cut, bruise or piercing she was drawn to seeing how it felt.

Rubbing it and tracing the outline with her finger she could feel its seemingly magical but maddening side effect taking hold of her again, although this time it felt less sudden and severe but Annabeth didn’t know if she would ever get use to this. Having taken a few minutes to rest and recover she stood up straight and looked around. With no one in sight she quickly pulled down her thankfully almost dry trousers again, squatting behind the rock she emptied her bladder. All the touching and playing with it had filled her rapidly and for the third time she created a large puddle underneath her. The stream of pee forcefully hitting the sand and turning it a dark shade of caramel brown.

Thinking back to it as she steadied herself curiosity was quickly overtaking her nervousness as to the power of the run she had unwittingly grafted to herself. As her stream continued she moved her hand towards it slowly, her bladder starting to feel empty she gently touched it. What would happen to her if she touched it while peeing? Looking between her legs she watched the stream continue, despite feeling somewhat empty she simply didn’t seem to run out of liquid as her pee extended to almost two minutes.

Wait what was she doing! she was being followed and now was not the time for this sort of testing. If she couldn’t find a way of removing it, she would have plenty of time to figure this thing out. Sighing in relief she wiggled slightly before pulling up her clothes, a slight off-colour stain now the only evidence of her earlier accident as the temperature dried them quickly. Even so she still felt a slight discomfort pulling them up. Looking down her giant puddle had reached meters around her, a sure sign that her assumptions about it filling her bladder were true. There was just no way she could have contained the sheer volume of liquid spreading through the fine sand below her.

Putting her bag back on and kicking herself slightly for being so easily distracted she thought back to the man in the temple, who was he and how had he found her? He certain seemed to know something was missing from the temple and judging by the way he reacted to her…accident, did he know what this rune did? Maybe the knowledge of this rune hadn’t been completely lost to time as she had thought. Starting to walk off again it was by her estimates about an hour to the town she had come from earlier, from there she hoped to get a taxi back to her hotel. Once back in the safety of her room she could start making plans on how to explain all this to her dig team, maybe leaving out a detail or two…

###

I hope people are still enjoying this story.

Sorry there is a lot of set up, but im hoping it is keeping peoples interest and I wanted to set the scene properly.

I'd love to know what people are thinking about this story!

Thanks for all the positive comments so far

*017*2021-02-09 10:28

Chapter 5: New friends

Walking into town the quietness that she had passed through in the morning had been replaced by the hustle and bustle of a large market. Tourists and locals were browsing the numerous stalls for trinkets or goods as their vendors shouted their prices. Cries of “Best in all of Morocco” or “you wont find a better deal anywhere else” filled the air from all directions.

If she hadn’t been in such a rush Annabeth would have loved to take a look around them. You never know what you can find in such places, more than once artifacts had come from them. Younger generations selling the goods of their sometimes grave robbing parents and accidentally mistaking them for cheap crafted goods, unaware of their true historical value.

“You there miss, you look weary how about something to eat” a vendor said loudly to her. A balding portly man to her left and behind a stall of grilled insects beckoning her over?”

“Im sorry, im not interested” she tried to brush him off, smiling widely.

“Oh come on, best spices in all of Africa and for you, for such a pretty woman ill give you a great deal”

Turning to face the vendor she looked for something she might want to eat as it could end this far quicker, but nothing looked appetising to her. The numerous legs, claws and furry objects on his stand removing any thought of hunger she use to have.

“Im really sorry, im not hungry. Maybe another time”

“A woman on a mission, I respect that, good wife material…How about one for the road?” He continued, un-phased by the constant rejection. In some weird way she admired his persistence.

“Look, I…” her thoughts cut short as she noticed a familiar figure wading his way through the crowds. The man from the temple, now in the sunlight his rugged features much easier to see. A large scar ran down the left side of his face, just missing his eye. As if he couldn’t be more cliché she thought watching him a moment longer but hoping he wouldn’t look her way.

He was looking for something, or someone, had he seen her, did he know what she looked like. She couldn’t take any chances.

Rushing into the stall, using a nearby stand of carpets to shielded herself from the direction of the man, she just needed to go unnoticed.

“Ah, see, everyone falls for Rahul’s charm” The vendor smiled widely.

“Uhh…yeah” Annabeth said faking a smile. Still watching the tall man with one eye she looked through Rahuls stall for something not still twitching. Thankfully the intimidating man was a good head and shoulders taller than the rest of the market goers so it wasn’t to hard to follow his movements.

“I uh yeah, how about one of those”

“Great choice, you have a good eye. Scorpion’s are my best seller, Usually 5 Dirham for you 4. Just seeing your beauty fills my heart.”

This guy was a charmer, or a good business man, possibly both. Handing over the money she picked up the large scorpion on a stick. A look from the owner suggesting she should try it in front of him. Taking a tentative bite she felt its exoskeleton cracking under her teeth, she did her best to stifle a grimace. Thankfully the amount of spice he had put on it was masking any natural earthy flavour. As the spices hit the back of her throat she began to cough, making a few people look towards her.

The man from the temple was just 10m away, if she kept this up she would definitely be noticed. Thankfully an outstretched arm from the vendor offered her a clear bottle of water that she took and drank deeply from.

“Its an Acquired taste maybe” Rahul said shrugging slightly.

“Sometimes I forget not everyone is as strong tonged as the spice man Rahul” He said proudly, although Annabeth got the feeling he was the only one ever to call himself that.

Crisis averted she went to hand back the bottle, but he refused letting her keep it.

“So maybe that was a bit spicy, but what about one of these. Much more palatable, a top seller for the pretty women” He said, holding a long stick covered in grilled grasshoppers.

“No thank you, im just here to get a taxi, I need to be somewhere” Annabeth said adjusting her bag.

“Oh, no no no. Can’t trust the Taxi’s. charge you too much they would. But my daughter, she can drive. She will take you where you need to go for half the price and you don’t need to find one. I can go and get her, ready to leave in 2 minutes.”

“I uhh…yeah actually that would be great” she said slightly surprised by the offer and also her own acceptance of it. But if it would get her out of the market without her “friend” noticing she was all for it. In fact, given the situation she was starting to think she might need to head back to England.

If he had just been an inquisitive local or grave robber he wouldn’t have bothered tracking her this far. There had to be more to it than she was realising at the moment and that might mean it wasn’t safe for her to be here on her own at the moment. She would just have to risk someone else discovering the temple and try to get back here as quickly as possible with a team.

Rahul reappeared at the entrance of his house to which his stall was seemingly attached, waving for her to come in. Stepping inside she was met with case upon case of insects, living chirping and breeding in some cases. She watched as he picked up a whole lettuce, breaking it in two in his bare hands he chucked half into a large tank containing a number of large snails. She hadn’t seen any one the stall, maybe these were his pets or an off-menu delicacy.

“Ok, its no problem my daughter was happy to take you where you need to go. She will be ready soon, just finding her keys.”

“Miia!” He yelled loudly up the stairs, slightly startling Annabeth and making the insects quiet for a moment.

“Sorry” he said softly to her, bowing slightly with his hands pressed together.

“Im coming” came a similar yell, it seemed the girl took after her farther in the volume department.

But that seemed to be the only thing she did take from him as far from Annabeth’s expectations a slim and beautiful young woman came racing down the stairs, her shoulder length black hair bouncing. Unlike most people Annabeth had seen in this town, the young woman was dressed as if she was back in England, rather than the more traditional clothing she had seen. A pair of tight peach coloured capri trousers paired with a black rolling stones crop top made her look slightly out of place.

“Why do you wear this, how do you expect to find a boy looking like that” Rahul said sounding disapprovingly.

“Maybe im not looking for a boyfriend right now” She retorted, the clear family dispute making Annabeth feel slightly awkward as she observed what should probably be a private conversation.

“Well, maybe you should be, I wont be around forever. You need to find a good man before then.”

“Whatever, didn’t you say I was driving someone?”

“Ah yes” he said standing aside. “Where was it you wanted to go, my daughter very good and will get you there quickly”

“I uh thanks, it’s the Marietus hotel in Rabbat”

“Ok, I know Rabat, if we get there can you direct me?”

“Yes I can do that.”

“Great. Let go then, unless you want to keep talking about me finding a boy in front of a stranger dad?” she said, turning to leave without waiting for a response.

Outside the pair of women walked down the street to a line of parked cars, pulling out the keys Miia opened a rather dusty looking old Peugeot. Throwing her bag in the back seats she grabbed the phone and earpiece out of it. She had meant to phone Courtney but with everything that had happened it had slipped her mind.

“Hi, Im Miia by the way” the young woman held her hand out as they got ready for the drive. Shaking it Annabeth introduced herself.

“So what brings you too Morocco Annabeth, work or holiday?”

“Work, im an archaeologist”

“Awesome, like India Jones” Miia said excitedly.

“Yes, but without the whip or tomb robbing” Annabeth joked, although she was always slightly offended that he was the only “archaeologist” people knew of.

“Did you find anything then?”

Annabeth was suddenly aware that maybe she shouldn’t talk too much about it. She didn’t know when she would be back. While Miia seemed like the honest type there was no telling who she might accidentally mention it to. Her hand subconsciously wandering to her new tattoo and playing with it for a few seconds before she realised what she was doing.

“Uh, maybe….need to get my team out here” It was part truth, part lie and seemed like the most honest thing to say.

“Cool, so you’re from England?”

“Yes, Cambridge”

“Cool” an awkward silence filled the car for a moment as Miia started the car and they thought of something else to say.

“So what about you, without meaning anything negative your English is better than your fathers, have you studied somewhere?” Annabeth asked, trying to change the topic away from herself.

The young driver laughed. “No offense taken, as he puts it he knows the words but doesn’t know the tune. I spent a few years in France where I picked up my English strangely.”

“Ah that explains it”

“What?”

“You have a not Moroccan, not English accent sometimes. I’d been trying to place it but now it all makes sense.”

“What did you study?”

“Music” she said gesturing to her crop top while steering with the other hand, safety clearly not a concern as she weaved through the crowds of people all but ignoring the fact they were on a road.

“Are you a musician then?”

“No, but I love music. I’d love to open my own music store one day, bring a bit of rock to this dreary place” Miia said excitedly.

Looking out the window Annabeth was thinking Miia couldn’t be more wrong as they drove through a flat landscape almost certainly filled with ancient treasures and knowledge.

“Im sorry do you mind if I give a colleague a call?” Annabeth asked fishing her phone out of her pocket.

“Not at all, if you want I can put earphones in and give you some privacy?”

“That’s nice, but it should be ok. But feel free to its probably going to be more interesting than the call” Shrugging Miia took the opportunity, plugging in some earphones which Annabeth could hear from the other side of the car. She wouldn’t need to worry about her overhearing anything.

“Courtney, its Annabeth.”

“Hi, its been a while. Found something good I hope?” came the response from her assistant.

“Yes, its definitely there. A large temple, with fountains and some scriptures I’d love to get you and the guys to have a look at.”

“That amazing. Are you there now, can you send us some images?”

“I….uh” how would she put this. “I think I was drawing some attention from the locals. So I’ve left to make sure it stays in as good of a shape as possible. We need to get the full team out here, but im not sure how safe it is.”

“Is everything ok Annabeth?” Courtney asked, her voice quickly passing from excitement to concern.

“Im on my way back now. Probably being paranoid but I wasn’t alone at the temple so its put me a bit on edge”

“That sounds scary, but if you are sure you are ok, you mean you are coming back here?”

“I…Yes I think that’s best. I can bring back my images and data from the rest of the week and we can plan something more significant out. There might be even more chambers than the ones I’ve found. And uh….” She paused for a moment.

“Hello?” Courtney said loudly into her ear.

“Sorry, I was just going to say there were a few artifacts I spotted.” She said, her hand gravitating towards her arm subconsciously as she spoke.

“Im not sure of their origins or what they might…represent. But maybe we can go through the texts we have and check for it…them”

“Yes, that sounds like a good idea. Are you sure you’re ok, you sound a little worried”?

“No im fine, think the heats getting to me a little bit” she lied, but I should probably get going otherwise this bill is going to be massive.

“Ok, thanks for the update. Be careful and drink lots of fluids” her assistant signed off.

“Thanks Courtney, see you soon”

Hanging up she went wide eyed for a moment as she became aware she had been pressing her arm lightly for a few moments. Her bladder felt fuller but nothing compared to earlier, was she becoming use to it or did it matter how much she held or pressed it… either way she had better get a handle on not pressing it or who knows what might happen.

Her thoughts were interrupted by Miia offering her a large bottle of water.

“sorry, I couldn’t help but overhear”

How the hell could she hear me over the music Annabeth wondered.

Seeing the slightly puzzled look Miia guessed what she was thinking. “My dad always says I have a big mouth and even bigger ears” she said smiling. Taking the water bottle from her driver Annabeth began sipping it, watching Miia pull out her own bottle.

The pair continued to make small talk for a while, getting to know each other for the hours’ drive, but soon they spotted the first signs for Rabbat on the horizon.

“Its just up here on the right, then second left and we should be able to see the sign for the hotel” Annabeth said pointing out of the window.

“Okay”

“So Miia, I should probably have asked this earlier but are you ok to take me somewhere afterwards?”

“Um yeah, if you don’t mind paying a bit extra?”

“Yeah that’s totally fine done worry, happy to pay.” Annabeth said, aware she had budgeted for another week here.

“Okay where too?”

“The airport, if that’s not to far?”

“Uhh….no that’s okay I guess. I didn’t have any plans for today anyway”

“Ok thank you, ill make it worth your while and its this left here” Annabeth directed.

A few moments later the old car pulled up outside the small hotel, a half-lit neon sign flickered slightly. Opening the door Annabeth left her day bag in the car.

“Ok, ill be like 2 minutes” she said rushing up the stairs to the lobby

“But I…” Miia started, but Annabeth was already gone.

She wasn’t quite sure why she was so eager to leave all of a sudden, but taking the stairs two at a time she reached her room on the third floor. Each leap shaking the contents of her full bladder that had continued to fill in the last 30 minutes of the journey. But at least this time she knew it was from the water she had drunk, although she had caught herself again and again touching her arm. There was just something about it and she was becoming annoyed at herself for being so unreasonably drawn to touching it.

Opening her door she remembered the state she had left her room in, clothes and books strewn everywhere. If someone didn’t know better they might have expected this to be the result of a break in. But before she could deal with the clutter she just had to pee, being this close to her toilet had for some reason made her desperation twice as strong. Sitting on the toilet she let out a strong stream that noisily splashed into the water beneath her as for the first time that day she had made it to an actual toilet.

Looking at her clothes as she peed she could still make out the slight discolouration of her accident earlier. Kicking off her trousers and underwear she began undoing her shirt still sat on the toilet. She needed a change of clothes if she was going to spend another day travelling she did not want to do it in clothes covered in her own pee.

Flushing the toilet she stood now completely naked, in this heat a Bra was always killer but if she was going back to England she guessed she should probably wear one. Picking out a matching purple set of underwear she quickly got dressed. Covering them in white slacks and a comfortable light blue shirt she grabbed her suitcase.

Quickly throwing the rest of her scattered belongings into the large suitcase she rushed back down the stairs, passing her key to the bemused looking employee at the front desk. Miia had parked up out front, standing by an open boot she looked a little preoccupied making Annabeth worry she wasn’t really happy to be taking her to the airport.

“Are you sure you don’t mind taking me to the airport? If you have somewhere to be I can get a taxi.”

“No, no. Im happy to take you.” Miia said smiling back at her.

“Okay thank you.” Annabeth replied throwing her suitcase into the boot with one fluid motion.

The ride to the airport was a couple of hours and despite starting off with some more small talk about themselves the car soon fell quiet. The pair of them doing their best to think of random topics to bring up from time to time.

Staring out of the window in another break in the conversation Annabeth found herself playing with her new marking. But this time she was well aware of what she was doing, pressing as lightly as possible she used a finger to inspect the rune. Before now she hadn’t really thought about it too much, but looking at it now she guessed a good clue as to getting it off her was the root of its impact on her body.

The rune looked like one she had seen many times, water of life. She and Courtney had presumed that it had meant a river or something that provides water so life can exist. But maybe that was a miss translation, every animal has its own “water of life” usually referred to as pee. In a weird way it made sense, or at least as much as any of what had happened to her this day. But why would the gods create a power or rune that could make the person wearing it need to pee, as magic goes that’s a pretty crap use of it. Maybe she had been right about its medical properties, flushing illnesses from your body although would that even work she wondered. Where did the liquid come from, did it fill her bladder magically or was it pulling liquid from other parts of her body to do it.

“That’s a cool tattoo, what does it mean?” Miia broke the silence, seemingly noticing her arm that was now on display in her short sleeved attire. “Is it new, it looks like its bothering you, I get the same way when I had mine.”

Suddenly aware that maybe she shouldn’t be flashing it to everyone Annabeth forcefully put her hand over the rune, instantly feeling her bladder respond. Strangely she noticed Miia grimace at the same time, shuffling slightly in her seat as she drove.

“I uh…. Yeah its new” she responded, taking her hand off it and noticing Miia visibly relax. Did that just happen, did her rune effect other people too?

“Does it mean anything” Miia asked again, after a few seconds pause to compose herself.

“I uh, yeah it an Egyptian symbol for…life” again she used her tactic of part true, part not quite true.

“Cool, I really want to get a big one like that but my dad would kill me if I did. He doesn’t even know about the one I do have, thankfully its easy to cover up. Although I have to careful if I wear a skirt, which I basically never do so its not a problem.”

Listening to Miia continue talking Annabeth’s curiosity was getting the better of her again. Touching her arm she had to know if impacted Miia too. Part of her knew it was wrong to do it, but she had to find out what this things capabilities were.

Pressing her arm Annabeth tried to sound calm. “What have you got as a tattoo?” she asked as the familiar pulse and uncomfortable feeling filled her abdomen.

In front of her she watched Miia shuffle again for a few moments before she let go of her arm. Sure enough the young woman’s shuffling stopped, although her legs were much closer together now and kind of bobbing against each other. It had worked, not only did the rune affect her but also the people around her! Maybe that was the real reason the gods or who ever made this had created it, the medical or shamanistic roles this could be involved with now making much more sense.

“Geez, im sorry do you mind I find somewhere to take a break. I really need to pee” Miia said blushing deeply, determined to watch the road and not make eye contact.

“I uh yeah, sorry I should have asked if you needed to go when we got to the hotel”

“Thank you and no its my fault. I kind of did need to go then but I thought I could hold it. I guess all the waters hitting me at once, its come on really quickly in the last few minutes.”

“Ok, its no problem” Annabeth said, feeling guilty for putting her new companion in this position.

Thankfully for both of them a few minutes later a relieved Miia pointed out signs for a nearby road market she had been to before.

“what’s a road market?” Annabeth asked.

“Its kind of like a service station but without all the buildings. Usually nearby farmers wives set up stalls and sell fresh goods to passers-by. Usually, people driving trucks and tourists and hopefully this one has a toilet because I am about to seriously pee my pants right now.” She joked, although Annabeth could sense the truth in what Miia had just said. If she had Known that playing with the rune would impact her as well she would have been more careful, although it was a strange feeling to know she had control over someone else’s body.

Pulling off the busy main road she could see Miia’s legs rubbing furiously against each other, her thighs jiggling as she fought with her seatbelt before springing out of the car leaving the door open. Miia rushed up to one of the stand owners, a middle aged man who appeared cross for some reason. Despite having a rough understanding of the language from this distance she couldn’t make out what was being said, but neither of them were looking happy. Miia was forced to stand with one leg bent and pressed tightly against the other, her hands gesticulating wildly at the man. Eventually Annabeth saw her throw them up into the air before rushing off in the opposite direction. Darting behind a nearby wall she vanished from sight, presumably desperately running towards the outhouse she guessed was back there.

However, from her elevated position about 15 seconds later Annabeth could see a stream of liquid quickly rolling down the slight slope and under the wall. Snaking its way across the tarmacked area and running into a small ditch.

A minute later a much-relieved Miia calmly walked back to the car.

“We should probably get out of here” she said with a defiant grin on her face.

“What was that about?” Annabeth asked as they pulled back out onto the road.

“He was disapproving of my shirt, apparently he thought I shouldn’t be wearing something so revealing. So ironically his comments made me reveal myself even more instead of using their toilet.”

“Oh” was all Annabeth could think of replying as she felt herself blush slightly.

“Sorry, probably too much information there and sorry for needing to pull over, im not sure what happened it came on so quickly.”

Annabeth again looked to the horizon as she stayed quiet, trying not to look guilty or give anything away.

Getting back up to speed on the main road, they were making good time and would be at the airport in no time.

###

I hope you enjoyed this chapter, not too much desperation but revealing a little more of the runes power as Annabeth slowly gets to grips with it (pun intended).

Now she knows its not just her that it impacts, I wonder what this will mean for her in the future.

*022*2021-02-13 13:56

Chapter 6: With great power

It had taken her about an hour to get to the airport and rearrange her flights, paying Miia generously for her time and discomfort the pair had parted ways. She had to admit that after being followed by the man at the market it had been nice to have someone with her on the journey, but now she found herself feeling alone in an otherwise busy airport. Passengers buzzing around noisily but none of them taking any notice of her or their surroundings for the most part.

The next plane to England was still a little over two hours from now leading Annabeth to take refuge in the departures McDonalds. Sitting at one of the tables her stomach growled, reminding her she hadn’t eaten anything other than those spicy insects all day. Ordering herself some food she began to wonder what the man in the temple could have been doing there again. The same questions filling her mind, was he just a local that wandered into the temple? No he couldn’t have been, he knew something was missing from the fountain. Did that mean that the order of Omotet still existed today and if so what was their purpose and more worryingly what would they do if they found out she had the rune on her arm?

A million questions and concerns filled her mind as she tried to make sense of it all, only to be interrupted by the boarding call for her plane. Had she really been sat there for that long, well none of that would matter soon as she would be back in England before long. It might take a bit of explaining to Courtney and the rest of her team, but she was sure they could figure everything out together.

Showing her boarding pass she walked down the isle of the large plane, finding her seat she put her bag in the overhead bin and sat back allowing herself to relax. She felt exhausted, the busy day filed with various perilous situations were taking their toll as Annabeth fell into a deep sleep…

The shadows of her mind shifted across her vision, a swirling black mass appearing in front of her. Dancing at the centre of her vision she outstretched a hand towards the vortex, walking slowly towards it she watched as it separated. Out of the one object three shadowy figures coalesced and mumbled conversation reached her ears as she strained to make out what they were saying. Stumbling forwards she fought against an invisible force that seemed to be trying to slow her progress and keep her out of the conversation.

“I…That…..Others….”

“You should….Another…….Matter we….Tell…”

“Are…...Sure”

She was almost there, Annabeth was hearing most of the conversation despite the force against her seeming to amplify as she got closer. The force almost causing her skin to ripple as if walking into a gale force wind, ripples of light starting to dance across her outstretched hand as she powered forwards in curiosity.

“Yes, im certain” The figure closest to her said clearly. But just as she had made it close enough to force pulsed, pushing her back a few steps, but again she fought forwards.

“For the first... In…..The 12th seal has been found and ……”

“Wait…”

The three shadowy figures in front of her suddenly turned, looking directly at her causing her to freeze in her tracks. The once great force pushing against her now completely absent as she stood in the dark ethereal plane she seemed to be in. An eerie and unnatural silence filling the area.

Her heart started to race as the figures stood still, a foreboding energy now present around her. She had witnessed something she wasn’t supposed to have, for the first time she felt real fear. More than in the temple with the rising water, this was a fear that tugged at the very fibre of her body and filled her mind with dread. It was not a rational fear, nor irrational, it was almost instinctual.

Despite the hazy features of the figures in front of her she could still make out a wicked and crooked smile spread across the distorted face of one of the figures in front of her. An ice cold shiver ran down her spine before she suddenly found herself falling for a moment, slipping through the bonds of the dark floor before jolting herself awake.

Blinking rapidly she was still on the plane, although through her confusion she could tell something was happening around her. A rush of movement, disturbance all around her as the confusion from her dream swirled around her mind. Beating back the disorientation it took her a few moments but then she realised what had been happening, she was holding her arm. As the fog of her nightmare lifted she looked around to see the faces of a number of desperate looking people all jostling for position next to the two toilets. what had she done!

A thought that was reinforced as she felt her bladder throb as the seatbelt dug into her distended bladder. Wincing she quickly released her seatbelt and threw her hand between her legs.

But as bad as she might feel about her own position, she felt even worse about everyone around her. A line of 20 – 25 people had formed at the toilets, not including the few she had seen make a break for the ones at the other end of the plane.

Her mind raced again, she had to do something, she couldn’t be responsible for this many people embarrassing themselves. Worse than that, how would anyone explain it? It would surely get some publicity and she didn’t want that, especially considering the strange dream she had just had. If it was a dream, she could have sworn she had really witnessed that meeting taking place.

Looking around she could tell people were at their wits end, men and women desperately dancing as they pushed against eachother in line. Red faces of embaressment were everywhere as the left toilet opened and a very relieved looking elderly man walked out.

Annabeth wondered how long she had been holding her arm and how much she had filled their bladders, would they all make it?

If only there was a way too…

As she thought this she could feel a strange warmth in her left arm again and then her vision seemed to go hazy for a moment before focusing again. Only this time she could see something, each person was now accompanied by a value. Blinking she tried to shake her head, what was she seeing, how hard had she hit her head in the temple because now she was seeing things, A strange icon now took up part of her sight that she couldn’t seem to ignore, although as she looked through the crowd the numbers changed constantly, what was going on.

As she looked through the crowd, she caught sight of a tall middle-aged woman, her number stood out to her. It read 96% and was the highest she had seen, but what did they mean?

Then something happened that made everything make sense, or at least what the numbers were.

The Blonde-haired woman’s number ticked up to 97% as she let out a quiet moan and doubled over. Her face contorted with discomfort as she fought her desperation but it was no use. Before Annabeth’s eyes she saw a jet of pee shoot out the bottom of the woman’s grey pencil skirt and her number lowered from 97 to 92%. The woman seemed to regain control for a moment but after a few seconds she sobbed as her muscles failed again and this time it was catastrophic. A river of pee snaked its way down both of her stocking clad legs and splattered quietly onto the carpeted floor. The poor woman sobbed as she wet herself surrounded by strangers. To her amazement Annabeth watched as the number quickly fell as the blonde’s bladder drained almost completely, only stopping once it reached 3% and a sizable puddle stretched around the woman’s dripping legs.

Annabeth’s face now burned red alongside the stranger she had just made wet herself. She felt horrible and the look of distress on the woman’s face as she trudged back to her seat in shame did nothing to help it. She needed to do something before the almost two dozen people followed suit.

What could she do, scanning the crowed she could see that people ranged from 60% all the way up to 90%. But she couldn’t exactly arrange them in the order of the bladders, how would she explain that to anyone, and that assumed they would even listen to her in the first place. If only there was a way she could take it from them, if she could bare the brunt for some of them it make them more likely to make it to the bathroom dry. Was this thing capable of such a feat, there was only one way of testing it. How had she done it to see their bladders fullness, she had just thought it and it had happened.

Focusing her mind on the bladder of the most desperate person, a smartly dressed businessman still 3 people from the toilet and who had been sat opposite her in the isle. Annabeth breathed in deeply as she tried to draw the excess fluid from his bladder, she watched as his number dropped and felt her own bladder pulse painfully inside her as the new liquid magically entered it. After just 6% she was forced to stop as she winced in discomfort, feeling her muscles tremble as she squeezed herself even tighter, she knew she had to empty herself soon or risk the same fate as the woman earlier.

Looking at herself she was at 91% but it sure felt like it was 100% as her legs rubbed against each other furiously in her seat. Scanning the passengers still seated she found many of them were only at 30% and would make ideal storage for her pee. But she was caught in another hole, she couldn’t just empty herself as that would make the person on the other end instantly desperate and make the whole situation just as bad. She would have to be tactical and distribute all the extra liquid she had created in the bladders of the poor passengers that were sat near her. Locking onto a young man at just 10% she tried to reverse the process she had just learnt to do. It took her a few attempts but she eventually managed to empty herself into 4 people, leaving each with about half of their capacity left. An uncomfortable fullness but nothing compared to the others in line and something she was sure they could all deal with, at least for now.

Another cry of anguish made Annabeth’s heart skip a beat, looking over she could see wetness quickly spread across the crotch of a young woman’s jeans. Her red face covered by her hands which had been trying to keep her bladder shut but it was no use. Her muscles had given out despite only being at 77%, being near the back of the line she must have lost faith in her ability to hold it long enough to reach the bathroom. Or perhaps different people had different levels of self-control, it made sense that not everyone would have the same endurance.

“Noooo” the woman whimpered as the insides of her jeans continued darkening as a river of pee flowed through the thick material and down her long legs. A large puddle of pee was rapidly spreading across the floor of the plane as a second person wet themselves.

If Annabeth wanted to save as many people as possible she would have to speed up her new found powers. Locking onto a young boy she connected to his bladder and took around 20%, enough to ensure he would make it to the bathroom on time. Next it was time for his mother who was currently pee dancing next to him at a 78% fullness. She wasn’t the most full, but she looked to be the most desperate as she bit her lip in nervousness. Taking another 20% Annabeth was starting to feel full again, but she was getting better at controlling it.

Looking for the next person to transfer her bladder into, Annabeth’s eyes fell on the woman still wetting herself in the isle, maybe this was an opportunity. Locking onto the poor woman Annabeth pushed her bladder onto the young woman who’s river of pee suddenly increased in ferocity again. She had been nearly empty but with the connection established again Annabeth put her half full bladder into her target as still she peed. New streams erupted from the woman wetting herself as she felt her bladder strangely fill again out of nowhere. The puddle was she was creating still spreading around her as she was shocked by just how much she had been holding.

Now empty again Annabeth took her 20% from the next 4 people in line in order if fullness. Slowly she was turning the tide of their bladders. But each time she did it she needed a new person to pass it onto and she was running out of those. If she could manage to find another 10 she could probably stop anyone else wetting themselves and limit the humiliation she had caused.

The process continued with 4 more people filled and 4 more emptied, Annabeth’s bladder was now sending confused signals through to her brain as it was repeatedly filled and emptied. She was concerned with how many more times she could do this and if it might cause any long-term issues. But for now she was full again and her legs jiggled violently as she looked for yet another non-desperate passenger to deposit it in. Her eyes Locked onto a slim young-looking woman a few rows ahead, her light pink shoulder length hair attracting her attention.

Connecting their bladders Annabeth pushed her’s emptying around 20% of it into the petite woman, but surprisingly she noticed the targets bladder only filled around 5%. Double checking herself she had removed 20% but where had it gone? Her eyes wide she checked between her fidgeting thighs but everything was thankfully still dry. Connecting again to the pink hair woman she let another 20% flow between them and yet again her bladder only filled 5%.

It kind of made sense that people would have different sized bladders, but to have a bladder 4x larger than her’s would surely put her as having a giant bladder and one far bigger than was normal. Could that be it or was there another explanation, after all she was new to all this. But hearing a young man groan as he clutched himself next to the still occupied bathrooms Annabeth didn’t have time to question it. Emptying herself fully into the same woman she focused on him next, taking 25% she noticed a small streak of wetness on his jeans. Largely unnoticeable but a clear sign she had gotten to him just in time.

Taking similar amounts for 3 others there were just 4 people stood in line still above the 70% mark she guessed it was probably going to be safe to leave them at that level. Being full again she looked around but couldn’t help but find herself looking at the young woman with a seemingly massive bladder, something about her was drawing Annabeth in. From her porcelain and perfect white skin to her bright blue eyes and dark red lips, and yet it felt like it was just how big her bladder was that was the most intriguing aspect for some reason. Before realising quite what she was doing she locked onto the young woman and emptied herself fully yet again, watching the woman’s bladder reach the 68% mark before returning to the line of people still waiting.

Finally, as her bladder finished filling for the 5th time in as many minutes Annabeth couldn’t help herself but take more from these last few. She wasn’t sure why she did it, but something inside her was pushing her to do it, almost like a voice at the back of her head. But then she felt her own bladder spasm heavily inside, her a spurt of pee escaping her control as she pushed past 98% of her bladders capacity. Her eyes went wide as she realised how close she was to having an accident, the dull ache in her abdomen now a sharp stinging sensation as she had inflated herself like a water balloon. But despite having come out of the trance, the same part of her that made her want more had a plan to get rid of it. Focusing back on the young pink haired woman Annabeth pushed with all her might, transferring her full to the brim bladders contents to her target. She was transfixed as in a matter of seconds the woman’s bladder shot from 70% to 80% and then 90% and yet Annabeth wasn’t done.

She could see the poor woman now clutching herself through her tight black leather trousers, gently rocking in her seat as she looked around to the line of people still waiting at the toilets.. A wide eyed and confused look on her face as her typically massive bladder rebelled against her, sweat forming on her forehead as the battle for control of her body sent it into overdrive. Finally at 93% Annabeth ran dry she watched the blue eyed girl fumble with her seat belt and start to stand on shake legs. She now had both hands pressing deeply into her crotch as she took short laboured steps towards the bathroom. The plane shook slightly causing her to stumble, the pink haired beauties face contorted in pain as the floor fell away from her and she stepped heavily. Her white porcelain skin now flushed red with effort as she pushed her body towards the toilets, just three people stood between her and relief, she could wait that long.

As she slowly passed Annabeth in the isle she could see a definite bulge coming out of the woman’s abdomen, the volume of liquid inside her body must have been excruciating as it pushed against her tight trousers. She could hear the heavy and laboured breaths escaping from her target carefully making her way up the plane.

The plane fell again causing the woman to purse her rose red lips and close her eyes, gripping the backs of the seats for support. Thankfully the person in the toilet came out leaving just her and one other person stood in line, she could make it. A quiet Bing noise pulled Annabeth’s attention from the desperate woman for the first time since she had so ruthlessly filled her to near capacity. Looking up she saw the fasten seatbelt sign had come on and now looking away from the woman she suddenly realising what she had done, quickly looking back this time concerned and feeling horrible for how entertaining she had previously found it.

Annabeth began to think she should take a bit out of her, just to make sure she could make it. But turning around she could see the desperate woman but her view was obstructed by an air stewardess who herself was at an uncomfortable 64% but she wasn’t the one Annabeth was trying to save..

“Im sorry im going to have to ask you both to return to your seats, we are entering a patch of turbulence.”

“But, I really need to use the bathroom” responded the man next in que. In reality Annabeth could see he was now only at 64% after what she had taken out of him, but even so If you felt as desperate he had moments before, you probably wouldn’t want to give up the chance to go to the bathroom either.

“Me too” the woman with pink hair added meekly.

“Im sorry it’s a question of safety, it wont be too long. Im sure you can both manage for a few minutes right?” It was phrased as a question but her tone didn’t make it sound like one.

“You’re going to have to return to your seats” she reaffirmed

The plane shook again, this time more violently and to Annabeth’s surprise the desperate woman gave up her position and started to shuffle back to her seat, a look of absolute concern and panic easy to see over her flushed face.

Clutching her bulging abdomen neither her or Annabeth seemed convinced she could last long. Another wave of guilt overcame her just like with Miia, how could she have done this? Trying to focus on the young woman’s bladder to take even a small amount out, she felt a sudden impact on her arm breaking her concentration.

“ooops, im so sorry”

It was the woman sat next to her, she had been asleep but had jolted awake as the plane shook again. Flailing slightly she had punched Annabeth in her arm, a warm pain radiated across her muscle.

“Its ok” Annabeth said, rubbing her arm and trying to sooth the pain.

“I was dreaming about falling and I guess I jerked out and hit you. Are you ok?” The woman asked with a thick Canadian accent.

“Yeah im fine, and don’t worry its probably the turbulence. So technically you were falling.”

“True, and thank you for taking it so well. I’m Joy by the way she added, holding out a hand to shake.

“Nice to meet you, im Anne” she said shaking the woman’s hand. She didn’t usually go by Anne so she wasn’t sure why she had said that. Although she guessed it was the same reason she did it when ordering coffee, you don’t get all the comments about it being unusual.

But realising her concentration had been momentarily broken she returned her attention to the pink haired woman. But unfortunately for both of them, it seemed the unknown woman didn’t have anyone next to her and had taken the window seat this time. Putting her out of the view of Annabeth and try as she might she couldn’t seem to lock onto the woman’s bladder. Maybe it only worked if she could see the bladder she was connecting too?

“Is she a friend of yours?” Joy asked out of nowhere

Slightly shocked and blushing Annabeth realised she must have been staring at the woman and by the looks of it not very subtly.

“I…uh no…. I just feel sorry for her. There was a long line for the bathrooms and she didn’t get a chance to use them.”

“Oh” her seatmate responded, still clearly not convinced of her answer or more confused by it.

It was at this moment Annabeth clicked, Joy hadn’t gotten out of her seat either! She had herself fallen asleep quickly when she had boarded the plane and hadn’t even introduced herself to Joy before she dozed off. At some point her seatmate must have followed her lead and fallen asleep. But even as Annabeth had been playing musical bladders with the people in line, she had forgotten about the sleeping blonde next to her.

Trying not to be too obvious she looked down at Julies bladder out of the corner of her eye, 81%!

Yet she showed no real signs of discomfort, other than her legs being pressed together she would never have known just how full her bladder was. Should she take some out of it to help, but that could make it harder for her to help the pink haired woman when she could finally take some of her’s. Checking her own bladder to see if maybe she could take a little she was surprised to see it almost a third full, kicking herself she realised that when Julie had hit her she had absent mindedly rubbed her arm to sooth the pain. She was really going to have to get the hang of not doing that.

Sure enough as she scanned the passengers that she could see again they all showed 15 – 30%, but thankfully they had all gotten to the toilet before the turbulence hit. Well other than the two that had been told to sit down and Joy.

For the next thirty minutes as the plane occasionally rocked in the air Annabeth would try to catch sight of the young woman sitting several rows ahead of her. Under the rows of seats Annabeth could see her feet furiously jigging on the floor, occasionally stopping as the tops of her legs seemed to angle inwards for a moment. Even from just this she could tell she must be nearing the end of her control. Beside her Julie was still showing little to no desperation as she watched something on the small screen in front of her, her control was impressive even as she neared 86% fullness.

A bing made her look upwards, hoping to see the fasten seatbelt sign finally dim, but it was still on. Instead the sound seemed to be signalling an announcement and a few seconds later their descent into Heathrow was announced. While not exactly what she had hoped for, if the pink haired woman just out of sight could just hold on a little longer they would be on the ground.

While she was a frequent flyer herself Annabeth had to admit that the decent was far from calm, it seemed a thunderstorm had moved into their flightpath. She began to worry that they would end up circling or be diverted, meaning more time for the desperate woman to hold on. But she was happy to feel the plane dip its nose and start its landing procedures.

Heavy rain lashed the side of the plane as it violently shook, moving horizontally as the skilled pilots battled the averse conditions to bring the plane down safely. Finally breaking through the clouds she could see the ground rapidly approaching, but with a final twist the plane made a heavy landing. Bouncing slightly off the ground she crossed her fingers they wouldn’t have to do another go around, but another more gentle thud signalled they had made it down.

A few relieved rounds of applause went around the plane as Annabeth herself breathed a sigh of relief.

“Oh god that almost made me wee myself” Joy laughed and a quick almost subconscious check showed her bladder now at 90% inside the surprisingly calm woman.

Wait…!

Looking forwards a few rows she was horrified to see that at least one other passenger had not been so lucky. A deluge of piss was now raining off the seat of the young woman that Annabeth had so ruthlessly filled to the brim. The heavy contact with the floor clearly too much for her brimming bladder which had seemingly exploded all over the aircraft. Her face burned red for the woman she had done this too, yet she was in awe of just how much liquid was falling between the legs of the woman she couldn’t see.

Thankfully at least from her position she couldn’t hear any sound of the accident unfolding, the loud noise of the engines and rumble of the wheels on tarmac hopefully covering up any splashing noises. But it was surely only a matter of time before someone noticed what was happening and it made her feel terrible.

It took almost two full minutes for the absolute waterfall from the seat to stop, by which point the plane had taxied its way up to the gate. Finally the seatbelt signs were turned off and the mad dash for the exit started, people haphazardly grabbing bags from overhead bins and trying to make it to passport control first. Joining the rush Annabeth grabbed her bag and made her way off the plane, making sure not to look at the pink haired woman who still seemed to be sitting and waiting for everyone else to get off first.

What had overcome her, why did she fill her so much and more worryingly why had she enjoyed the feeling of manipulating her and the other passengers bladders so much, she wondered as she stepped off the plane into the brisk English weather.

###

Another chapter down and another power has been discovered, what else might this rune be capable of.

I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, finally a bit more of the Omo content im sure you are all waiting for.

Also Thank you all so much for the positive comments, you are all too kind!
