A full bladder night in a tent!

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-11-07 22:13

Mike is a young guy who loves pee holding since he can remember.

He did like it need to pee but don’t go, he did like to suppress his urge as long as possible, even it was getting painful.

He tested the limit of his own bladder and the limit of his endurance.

He wanted to know how long he, or someone else can endure without to pee.

Not to pee for 24 hours was not so easy for him, but he could do it.

Sometimes he forced his bladder to hold his urine for over 30 hours.

But the most exciting and arousing for him was when a girl was needing to wee very badly, but didn’t go or couldn’t go, or was not allowed to go.

It was turning him on so much when a girl didn’t wee for a extrem long period of time and it was turning him on so much to see a girl’s bladder bulging out of her flat, sexy belly.

The opportunities where he could see a girl desperate, where he could see her cross her legs, press her hands between her thighs and doing all that what girls are doing when they are needing to wee very urgently, were very rare.

Mike did always try to manage situations where girls didn’t get a chance to wee for very long periods of time.

One of this situations I will tell you now.

Mike and a girl, Kate was her name, went to a music festival which lasted for the entire weekend.

Both of them were over 18 years at that time.

It was a very large event with many bands and thousands of people.

They wanted to sleep in a tent and for to get a good place and because of the traffic, they went already one day before the event was starting to that location.

After they built up the tent, they went for a evening snack to one of the kiosks and then they looked around at the area and watched a sound check of one band for the next day.

”We should go to sleep, it will be a long day tomorrow.” said Mike, took Karate by her hand to lead her to their tent.

Sure he did choose a way far past the toilets.

As Kate realized that she would not get a chance to wee before sleeping she said “ but ah äh first..”

Mike did know very well that she wanted to say something like “ but first i need to the loo” or i need to wee before sleeping “ and therefore he stopped her and talked about something other.

Kate was a shy girl, she was to bashful to say that she is needing to wee and went with the guy to their tent.

He loved it, but the girl was worried about it.

They stripped their clothes except to their undies, laid down and covered themselves with only one blanket.

It was late spring, the days were already very warm, but the nights were cool.

They snuggled together and they loved it both to feel the nude skin of each other.

Not even a half an hour later said the girl with a silent voice “i need to wee.”

”I know it.” answered the boy.

”Why do you know that?” she asked bashful.

”Because you haven’t weed since 3 pm at the motorway station and after so long you must feel the urge to wee and furthermore i know it because i am needing to pee as well, i also have not peed since then.” replied Mike.

”And what will we do now?” wanted Kate know.

”We will go to the toilet before we take our breakfast tomorrow.” replied Mike.

”But i am needing to go now, i can’t wait until tomorrow.” said Kate.

”I am needing to go as well, but i think we are old enough to hold it!!? Let us sleep.” said the boy.

They were both laying on their sides, the boy behind the girl with one hand over the girl’s hips.

His hand was on the girl’s lower abdomen, exactly at her full bladder and he enjoyed it.

It was very exciting and arousing for Mike to lay beside a girl and to know that she was needing to wee.

Early in the morning was Mike waked up from the girl “ i need to wee!” she whispered in his ear.

”I know it, me too, but it’s too early, we have minimum 2 hours to get up.” answered the boy and pressed his body hard against the girls body.

”But i can’t wait for so long, i need to go now, my bladder is sooo full, it is about to burst.” said the girl.

”Sure you can wait! You have just to try it!” said the boy and asked “ Do you always go when you need to go? Did you never hold it, or did you never had to hold it?” asked Mike.

”Sure, but never so long, i didn’t even know that i am able to hold it for so long.

I am needing to wee since yesterday evening, i have not been at toilet since, let me count, i haven’t weed since longer than 14 hours.” said the suffering girl.

”Let me feel your bladder, is it really soooo full, is it fuller than my, are you holding more than i do?” asked Mike and pressed on her bladder to feel and to test the fullness.

He used this kind of testing to torture her bladder, to push it, to squeeze it and to press harder and harder on it.

”I’ll wet my panties if you don’t stop that. Furthermore are you hurting me.”said the girl and crossed her naked sexy legs very tight.

Mike was in heaven, never before he had the opportunity to prevent a girl so long from peeing and never before he had the chance to torture a girl’s overfilled bladder so much.

Kate was getting more and more desperate, she wanted to get out of the tent, but Mike told her that it was still to early to get up and said that she had to wait for one more hour.

„I can’t stand it anymore „ said the girl after a half an hour and was getting up.

She put her shots on, but couldn’t close her top button over her swollen belly.

Mike used one more chance to torture the poor girls bladder .“May i help you?“ he asked. He was standing behind Kate and tried to push her bladder back in her belly.

He pressed so hard and so deep, that he pressed the urine literally out of the girls bladder.

Kate yelled loud as leaked in her panties „ i can’t endure that, you made my panties wet! I have to leave the top button open.“ she said.

She walked with her thighs pressed together and with rubbing knees in direction to the toilets.

She was shocked as she saw a line in front of the girl toilets.

She was standing with crossed legs, bending over and with one hand between her thighs.

A group of boys were watching her and one of them said „ it looks like someone needs to wee.”

“May i help you holding it?” asked another boy.

It seemed that Mike was not the only one who loved girls desperate to pee!

The line was moving fast and as Kate was coming out was Mike still waiting outside.

“I am sorry that i acted like a little schoolgirl, i know that is a shame, but never in my whole life i needed to wee so bad.”said the girl.

“Are you feeling better now?”asked Mike, but wished that her bladder would be still full.

“My bladder is still hurting, but yes, i am feeling a lot better.“ she answered.

“And you, are you feeling better?“ she wanted to know.

„I am feeling good, but if you mean my bladder, my bladder is still full, i have not been at the toilet.“ answered Mike.

„Oh my gosh, don’t you need to go very urgent as well?“ she asked.

„Sure i would need to go, but i don’t! I am waiting until after breakfast, or until noon.“replied Mike.

“How can you endure this, you must be already full to burst.“ said Kate.

“I trained myself to hold it and my bladder has to obey as long as i want.

It would be great if you let me train your bladder! I think that you are a holding talent, you have been holding it for longer than 17 hours.

With a little training you will soon endure 24 hours without a wee.“ said Mike.

“It was pretty painful to hold it for so long, but one the other hand it was exciting and arousing as well.“ replied Kate.

*002*2025-04-13 08:48

After breakfast wanted Mike to the toilet.

”Too bad that you are going now. It was very exciting for me to know that your bladder is so very, very full.” said Kate with a smile on her face and a horniness in her voice.

” You naughty girl like it to see me suffer!!??” asked Mike.

”Yes, it is amazing, it really turns me on to know that you didn’t pee for so long. It is something absolutely new for me, i didn’t know it until now that this can be so hot and arousing .” answered Kate.

”You would like to make me hold, you would like if i don’t go?” asked Mike.

”Oh yes, that would be great! How long will you be able to wait?” asked the girl full of lust.

”It depends on how much i drink, if i don’t drink too much, i can hold it for hours longer, but it would be easier for me and it would make more fun and joy for me if you would holding it with me.

Okay, i don’t go now, i am waiting until noon, but we make a deal.

We go both to the loo this evening before sleeping and then no more.

No morning pee tomorrow, no pee at noon, no pee at afternoon, no pee the entire day, no pee for minimum 24 hours!” said Mike.

”That sounds hot, but i don’t think that i will be able to endure that. My bladder was hard as a rock and hurting like hell this morning, after holding it for “just “ 17 hours, my bladder will explode if i hold it for hours longer.” answered Kate.

They were already back to their tent. The girl was pretty horny about the situation and about that imagination.

She pushed her hand under the boy’s waistband of his shorts and said “ let me feel your bladder, is it so hard as my bladder was before?”

She pressed and pushed on it until Mike moaned from needing to piss so very, very bad and urgent.

”Oh my god, your bladder is hard and big as a bowling ball.” said the girl full of horniness.

”Okay, we have a deal!!! We will hold it tomorrow. We both will not piss for 24 hours, we will hold our urine back no matter how bad it gets, i will let you torture my bladder if you let me torture yours!!!” she continued and pressed hard on Mike’s overfilled bladder.

*004*2025-04-16 19:55

{{On 4/14/2025 at 4:25 AM, JW123456 said:

Wooow, i hope this story continues.

}}

I am glad that you like it.

*005*2025-04-18 14:32

Mike and Kate spent a nice day together, they heard a lot of good music and went at about 10.30 to sleep.

At the way to their tent they stopped at the toilet.

”Empty your bowels and squeeze the last drop out of your bladder, because you will not get a chance to wee again for the next 24 hours.” said Mike to his girl.

They slept well, snuggled together under one blanket.

As soon as they waked up whispered Kate in the boy’s ear” i need to wee.”

”Me too!” answered Mike and rubbed his semi hard penis at one of the girls thighs.

First he caressed her belly tenderly with one hand, then he pushed the waistband of her panties down and pressed softly in her lower abdomen, exactly on her bladder.

He pressed harder and harder and said to tease her “is my little girl full with pee down there?”

Kate moaned and pressed her knees hard together.

”My bladder is always full in the morning, but this is not fair what you are doing to me, you make my wee really bad.” said the girl and crossed her legs, but didn’t stop him.

”Maybe it is not fair, but it’s very exciting! By the way your bladder is not full just yet i can’t wait to feel how full it will be at the evening.” said Mike and pushed again, this time very hard and very deep.

They turned to their side and were lying now face to face. Kate used the opportunity to push her knee hard on Mike’s bladder.

He was surprised about it and groaned loud. “You naughty girl learned very fast to torture a full bladder.”

They were both already pretty horny and were ready for sex, but Mike resisted because he wanted to stay horny all day long.

They were getting up and went for a breakfast.

Kate and Mike were a sexy couple, with great bodies and their outfits made them even more sexy.

They did wear both short T shirts, a little over and a little under their navels they showed their bare skin.

Mike had short shorts and Kate a short skirt, their legs were nude and very sexy.

There were playing many different groups and the time was running very fast.

They didn’t have a real lunch, they had to eat and to drink during they were listening to the bands.

It was already afternoon, the girl was more and more rubbing her her knees and was standing often with her legs tight crossed.

She didn’t have a wee since 18 hours, she was needing to go since she waked up at the morning, she suppressed her urge since already 9 hours and it was getting more and more difficult for her to hide her need.

She lifted one leg, pressed one knee behind the other and told him that she would need to wee so very, very urgent.

”I know it and i love it!!” said Mike and kissed her.

”And what is about you, you must be FULL as well!!??” ask Kate.

”Oh yes, i am very full and my urge is very strong. I think my bladder is about 150 % full.” answered Mike and caressed his own belly and his own bladder.

”I can’t understand what you mean, your bladder can’t be more full than 100%!!??” said Kate.

”Sure it can! For example, your bladder was full from the night at the morning, but you didn’t wee, you didn’t go to the toilet, you are still hold your urine back, you still force your bladder to stretch and to expand.

If you are strong enough and if you are ready to endure the pain, because it can get painful to hold it for so long, then your bladder can get double size from full or bigger.” explained the sadomasochistic boy full of lust and horniness.

”It is already painful and it is absolutely strange and crazy what we are doing, but it is arousing as well.” said the girl and crossed her legs demonstrating.

About one hour later they were standing in front of a stage, but far back.

Mike lifted Kate and let her sit on his shoulder to be able to see better.

His head was under her short skirt and he could feel her naked inner thighs on his cheeks and around his neck.

Her cunt, where her wee wanted come out so badly, was pressed tight at his neck and was only separated from the fabric of her panties from the skin of his neck.

He could smell the girl’s wee slit under her skirt and that was turning him on even more.

He was a desperation fan and a bladder sadist.

He was so horny that he could no other than to torture the girls bladder even more and therefore he bent his head rearwards and pressed hard against her bladder.

He moved and rolled his head in a way that he pressed more or less on her so much overfilled bladder.

The girl floundered with both of her legs from her unbearable need to pee.

Mike did hold her legs tight with both hands. He could feel how she tensed her thighs muscles and how she squeezed her thighs very hard around his neck.

He tortured her so long until he felt it wet on his neck.

”Did you piss your panties wet, you naughty girl? Did you piss on my neck, you underbred gal??”asked Mike.

”I have not weed since yesterday evening, my bladder is about to explode and you press and push on it.

Not one girl in the whole world can endure that!! You squeeze me wee totally out of me and if you don’t stop it, you will get a shower. I am holding so much wee inside me that it will be enough for a warm full body shower.” said Kate.

”You will not piss yourself and you will absolutely not piss on me.” said the boy.

”But Mike, honestly, i don’t think that i will be able to wait much longer, you will have to let me go.

It’s absolutely impossible for me to hold it for 4 hours longer.” said Kate.

”It will be possible and it must be possible, we have a deal!

I need to piss like crazy as well , but i don’t go and you will either not go, i don’t let you.

You girls can usually endure more pee urge and you girls can usually endure it longer not to pee than boys!

Show me now how much a big girl can endure.” answered Mike and squeezed her naked thighs with both hands, then turned his head and leaked one of her inner upper thighs with his wet tongue.

*006*2025-04-19 21:24

“Mike, i know that we have a deal and i know that i promised you that i wouldn’t wee for 24 hours, but what happens if i can’t hold it back for so long? I don’t want to piss myself in front of all the people here.”said Kate.

”You didn’t wee since 20 hours, you will be able to hold it for only 4 hours more .” answered Mike.

”Okay, I’ll try my best, but please don’t push my bladder anymore.” said Kate.

Mike stopped to torture her, because he wanted to enjoy her full bladder and her need to pee for some hours longer.

He could feel the wetness of her panties on the skin of his neck, he could feel how she pressed her pissneeding cunt hard on his neck to squeeze her pee hole shut and he could feel how she tensed her thigh muscles to resist the pressure in her bladder.

Her panties were drying from Mike’s warm skin.

After a while he did let her down and as soon as she was standing on her own legs, she pressed both hands between her thighs and bent her knees.

”Is there someone needing to pee?” teased one boy beside her, who watched her.

Kate didn’t answer and Mike didn’t say something as well.

There was a little break between the next band and there was more room in front of the stage and therefore they went forward.

Kate was getting more and more frantic, she was standing with her sexy legs tight knotted. She was whining about her painful urge, but Mike had no mercy with her, she had to endure it, no matter how bad it was and no matter how bad it would get.

On the way to their tent they passed the toilets.

Kate let Mikes hand loose and said “I imperativ HAVE to piss now!!” and wanted to go to the toilet.

Mike was getting more and more dominant, he did hold her back on her hand. “You will not go now, we have just one hour to 24 and you will not try to tell me that you will not be able to endure one more hour.”

The poor girl couldn’t even stand straight anymore from needing to wee so bad. She was bending over and had her legs tight crossed.

Mike took her by her hip and led her to their tent.

The girl walked with little steps, rubbing knees and her thighs pressed together.

“Walk decent, it is not necessarily that everyone can see that you nearly piss yourself like a little schoolgirl.” blustered Mike.

”It so very unusually not to pee for so long. I can’t no more, i can’t no longer, let me wee, i have been holding it for so long.” begged the girl.

To see her so very desperate was making Mike more and more horny and more and more vulgar.

”Stop to whine and squeeze your horny cunt shut until I’ll fucked it!!! Then you can piss, but not one minute before.”said the boy rude.

”I don’t know how you doing it, but think that my wee will come out of my ears very soon if i don’t let it out down there.” said Kate and pressed one hand between her thighs on her little hole.

As soon as they were inside their tent, they stripped their clothes and laid down totally naked.

They were both very slim therefore were their bladders good visible in their bellies.

Their bladders were bulging out between their hipbones up to their belly buttons.

They admired each other for their holding ability and for being able to hold so much wee for so long.

They caressed each other’s swollen belly and felt how big and how hard their bladders became.

That waked up their sadism deep inside of them.They started to press the others bladder and to massage it, to make the other even more desperate.

Kate was lying on her back and Mike with all his weight on top of her. He pressed his bladder against the girl’s bladder, he was ready to torture his own bladder to be able to torture the girls bladder.

Mike was so horny, he wanted to fuck the girl so bad, but he wanted to wait for one more hour. He always dreamed to be able to fuck a girl who had not weed for 24 hours and now he had the opportunity, he had just to wait and to be careful not to cum before.

They kissed and tortured each other for one hour before they fucked like animals.

As soon as they climaxed they crawled out of the tent. They were totally naked, they had not even time to pull their undies on.

Their bladders were full with urine from more than 24 hours, they were full to explode and were hurting like hell.

They wanted nothing than to piss the pain away and they did it right beside the tent.

There were no people around, but they would have done it although someone had watched them.

The girl was squatting and pissed with high pressure 2 meter far and the boy was standing beside her.

They pissed both over 1 minute and they were sure that they were holding more than 1300 ml urine in their bladders.

Back in the tent they agreed that it was their best sex ever and that they wanted to do again.

