University Accidents (Emma, Isabella, Maddy, Charlotte and Olivia) - Page 3

Author: MiraOMO

*052*2020-05-29 16:12

New Chapter…I’m determined to finish this story!!

CHAPTER 15 - Freshers Night Two

Isabella had waved goodbye to Josie in the morning. Their mum had driven back to collect her, and also dropped off Isabella’s hair straighteners which she’d forgotten to bring. It was a swift encounter between them all and Isabella popped briefly outside before the morning chill caught her skin and she headed back inside, and back to bed.

Once Isabella’s head hit the pillow, she didn’t wake back up until one in the afternoon, and was feeling the effects of last night. Now awake, Isabella put her hair in a bun and threw on some grey joggers before heading downstairs. Once in the kitchen, she poured herself a ‘berocca’, and slouched onto the sofa, flicking on a random TV channel in the process.

All three girls spent most of the day resting up, they knew they had a whole week of partying and that nothing would stop them. Isabella politely made each of the girls a cup of tea, and tried to make some conversation but neither Hannah or Ellie seemed that interested.

“Sooo…no boys took your fancy last night?” Isabella asked the room, hoping either girl would reply.

“What?” Ellie said, briefly glancing up from her phone.

“Boys..?” Isabella said again, quieter.

“Oh…nah…can’t be bothered.” Ellie paused, still looking at her phone. “Did you see that Daisy last night?”

“Oh my god yeah…” Hannah replied before adding “…looked like a slut.”

“Such a skimpy outfit.” Ellie added.

“And her hair looks like straw…” Hannah blurted out.

“Needs to lay off the dye.” Ellie replied.

Isabella wasn’t quite sure who Daisy was, but from the description, she guessed it was one of her fellow cheerleaders, in particular the one who had bleached blonde hair. If her memory served her correctly, the outfit that Daisy had worn had been no different to that of Ellie or Hannah. Isabella gritted her teeth and tried to start another conversation.

“What’s the plan for tonight then?” Isabella asked, trying to change the subject.

“Think a couple girls are coming round here.” Hannah replied.

“A couple?” Isabella said laughing slightly.

“Yeah…house isn’t that big” Hannah replied again. “Can’t have the whole team round.”

“Do you know what time?” Isabella asked.

“Probably like ten…” Hannah said. “You know they girls take ages to come.”

“True…”. Isabella smiled trying to make contact with either girl but both were still glued to their phones. She didn’t want to ask more questions but another one slipped out.

“Can I invite Emma and Olivia?” Isabella paused. “My old flat mates?”

“Sure…” Hannah said under her breathe, not really taking in the question, or the conversation.

Isabella quickly got her phone out and texted Emma and Olivia - they still had the flat chat from last year. After a little persuasion, Emma and Olivia both agreed to coming. Although Isabella had only been in her new house for one night, it was apparent that the girls wouldn’t do much talking; Ellie and Hannah had spent most of the afternoon on their phones - and if they were to talk, they seemed to just be rude towards the other cheerleaders.

—-

Isabella was already a few drinks in before Emma and Olivia arrived. She’d only really had the drinks to try and cure her hangover from the previous night, and she wasn’t sure how long she’d last tonight either. Her head was still sore and she didn’t want to take any paracetamol as she was worried she’d take too many. Isabella had managed to straighten her hair, thanks to her mum and had thrown on a pair of blue jeans and a cute little white top.

“HEY!” Emma shouted, her eyes beaming as she saw Isabella.

“How are you?” Isabella asked whilst giving Emma a hug, before getting to Olivia and doing the same.

“Good!!…so nice to see you.” Emma blurted back.

“Are you already drunk?” Isabella joked, gesturing towards Emma whilst looking at Olivia.

Olivia’s eyes widened. “We just had a few.”

“Haha okay…whatever you say.” Isabella laughed.

The girls made their way into the kitchen, where the table was laid out for a game a beer pong - but instead was full of liquor bottles.

“You’ll have to give us a tour of the house…” Emma asked, looking at Isabella.

“May be when it quietens down.” Isabella replied, not hearing her words due to the blaring music.

The house was already quite full. There was an array of people playing drinking games in the living room, a handful in the kitchen topping up their drinks and the rest outside in the back. The back was small, and had a cobbled area with a bench with the surrounding area filled with weeds and shrubbery. A lot of the cheerleaders were trying to chat with either Hannah and Ellie, getting into their good books one would say. Whilst the others would be clinging onto the nearest boy, working their charm.

Hannah and Ellie had also invited Sophie; she was the top boss for the cheerleaders. She gave the orders to Hannah and Ellie but hadn’t arrived at the party yet. Sophie was a medic and was entering her final year of university. Due to her limited free time, she couldn’t spend much time at the socials, but worked through all the logistics for the teams. She was also the one who had made the rule about the nappies, if any of the girls had accidents.

The night was in full swing and after her brief encounter with Emma and Olivia, Isabella made her way upstairs, quickly stopping by her room to spray some more perfume onto her neck. This was just a smokescreen for the fact she knew she didn’t feel well. As she stepped back out of her room, she headed for the bathroom, locking the door behind her as she entered. Isabella tied her hair back the best she could, opened the toilet seat and instantly vomited.

Whilst Isabella’s was throwing up, the party downstairs had taken alight. Ellie had seen Gabi arrive and wanted to quiz her about last night.

“How was last night then?” Ellie said, putting her lips close to Gabi’s ear.

“Fine…” Gabi rolled her eyes, trying to seem uninterested.

“Oh…so you didn’t?…you know.” Ellie said pryingly.

“Well…” Gabi mumbled.

“Go on.” Ellie laughed to herself, knowing what was about to come out of Gabi’s mouth.

“I did…” Gabi said, her face turning a darker shade of red. “Happy now?”

“Aww.” Ellie replied with a smile on her face. “You wet your nappy. How cute.”

As Ellie said that, she felt a sharp twinge in her bladder and moved her hand down, using it to dig into her crotch. It was definitely time for her to use the bathroom. She quickly left the living room and headed up the stairs. As she reached the top of the stairs, she saw the back of a girl with long bleached blonde hair. She recognised who it was straight away, it was Daisy. Daisy had a bright pink dress on, with some pink sunglasses resting on her head. Daisy was stood outside the bathroom door, not realising it was occupied by a vomiting Isabella. Ellie observed that Daisy’s legs were crossed, she was evidently desperate.

“You okay?” Ellie said, trying to act nice.

Daisy turned around quickly; Ellie had startled her. “Ohhh yeah. I’m good.”

Daisy wasn’t good though, being startled had let her bladder muscles relax. And she could feel warmth on her pink panties.

“I’m just pretty desperate…” Daisy said, trying to force a smile.

“Me too.” Ellie replied jokingly. “We can use mine…its just upstairs”

“Thanks…” Daisy said.

Daisy then followed Ellie up the next flight of stairs. As Daisy walked, she proceeded to check how damp her underwear was as she wasn’t sure how much longer she could hold. As they entered Ellie’s room, Daisy felt another leak, it breached her panties, and slowly ran down the top of her thigh.

‘Fuck! I’m gonna piss myself’ Daisy thought to herself as she watched Ellie enter her ensuite. A short second after the door closed, and was locked, Daisy could hear the muffled sound of pee hitting the toilet bowl. This sent a wave through her body and before she knew it, she was leaking. Daisy could now feel the warm urine running down the back of her legs.

“You nearly done?” Daisy said, raising her voice a little, trying her best to stop her pee coming out in the process.

“Two secs…” Ellie called out from behind the door.

It was all a little to late for Daisy though, and as Ellie opened the door to let Daisy in, Ellie watched a helpless nineteen year old start wetting herself. Daisy clutched her dress in her hands, pulling it up to her waist, as her pink panties pooled with pee and there was a loud hissing as Daisy uncontrollable wet herself. Tears were now running down Daisy’s face, whilst urine was running down her legs in all directions.

“I’m….sorry” Daisy couldn’t get her words out. There was a puddle of pee forming round get feet on the wooden floor.

“Oh my god. Hahahaha.” Ellie laughed as she watched the pee come to a slow stop.

Luckily for Daisy, no pee had got on to her dress but her panties were definitely ruined. Ellie wasn’t the best of friends with Daisy, so to her this was completely hilarious. To add to this, it gave her the perfect opportunity to put a girl she didn’t like into Nappies.

“Do you need a change?” Ellie said, still laughing, observing the damage done.

“I think so…” Daisy mumbled out a reply.

“You might to clean yourself up first…” Ellie added, ushering Daisy into the bathroom.

As Daisy dried herself down in the bathroom, Ellie reached under her bed and pulled out a nappy; and it wasn’t long before Daisy had her legs high in the air for Ellie to fit the nappy.

“What if I need to go?” Daisy asked reluctantly, as she stood back up, pulling her dress down over the nappy.

“You go haha.” Ellie laughed. She couldn’t believe what had happened, Daisy had just pissed herself right outside the toilet. Something she would never do she thought.

“So I can’t use the toilet?” Daisy asked again.

“Not for the rest of night.” Ellie replied.

Daisy was humiliated, and by the time she’d made her back downstairs to the party, a lot of the guests had filtered out - either heading to the club, or going home. Daisy made her way to the living room and quickly sat down on one of the sofas. She must’ve sat for at least fifteen minutes before anyone spoke to her. At least at the last cheerleader party, her accident had happened outside and she’d somehow managed to hide it.

“HEY!” Emma shouted in the direction of Daisy, recognising her from the last cheerleading social.

“Oh hey.” Daisy said reluctantly back in the direction towards Emma.

“You okay?” Emma asked, whilst sitting down next to her. “You look down?”

“Ahh. I’m okay. Daisy replied. “You know how it is…”

“Do I?” Emma said, looking around. “Not sure I do.”

The alcohol had really taken its effect on Emma, and Daisy realised this.

“You wouldn’t understand.” Daisy said, looking down towards the floor.,

“Try me!” Emma fried back, her eyes widening in the process.

“Remember what I told you…at the last party.” Daisy paused. “Well…”

Daisy quickly slid her pink dress up so Emma could make out the nappy.

“Oh shit! I do remember…what happened?” Emma said calmly, now engaging in the conversation.

“I guess I just couldn’t hold it…” Daisy replied, raising a smile to herself. “It was outside Ellie’s room…”

“I'm sorry.” Emma said softly, putting her arm round Daisy’s shoulder.

“Nothing to be sorry about.” Daisy replied again, sliding her dress back down to cover up her nappy.

“Honestly though, no one will notice.” Emma said, hoping she’d help Daisy feel better.

Daisy didn’t get chance to reply to Emma as their brief conversation was interrupted by Olivia. Olivia had made her way into the living room, and said that everyone was leaving for the club now. Emma shot up off the sofa, she was ready to go. She turned back to look at Daisy.

“You coming?” Emma asked as she left the living room.

“Maybe. Give me two minutes.” Daisy paused. “I’ll catch you up if you leave now.

“Okay…” Emma replied.

Emma and Olivia then left the house, walking into the warm evening air, heading towards town.

“Where’s Isabella?” Emma asked, quickly remembering she’d invited them to this party.

“She’s not feeling well…” Olivia replied.

“Oh.” Emma added. The girls didn’t stop in their tracks, and they kept walking.

Back at the house, Daisy made sure now no one around. She wasn’t sure how as her accident had only been twenty minutes ago but she was already desperate again. The thing was, she didn’t want to wet her nappy, it would be even more humiliating. She’d probably have to find Ellie and ask her to change her or something. She quickly shuffled across the living room floor when no one was around and slowly made her way up the stairs.

“What you doing?” A voice called out, just as Daisy had reached the landing.

Daisy swung round to see Hannah standing in the doorway of her bedroom.

“Oh sorry…it’s nothing.” Daisy quickly replied, feeling threatened.

“We’re all leaving now anyways…” Hannah added, ushering Daisy back down the stairs.

Daisy swung herself round and quickly went back down the stairs, she was starting to get desperate again. Her only hope now would be to get back to her own home. Or may she was going to have to wet her nappy after all.

*055*2020-07-08 16:47

{{20 hours ago, theyellowsafe said:

I still keep coming back to this story - I really enjoy it. Any chance you're going to add more?

}}

Definitely! It's just finding the time. I have another 4 chapters planned!

Will try and finish one for the weekend.

Feel free to shoot me a message if you have any ideas though. Always looking for more inspiration..

*057*2020-07-10 16:10

Back for another chapter!!

CHAPTER 16 - Freshers Night Three

The night had been fairly uneventful for the Ellie and Hannah, they’d socialised with Olivia and Emma a little in the club but both had done their usual flirting, getting a handful of boys numbers with ease. Daisy on the other hand had made the short journey home, stripped off her nappy and made it to the toilet with seconds to spare. She felt like after getting away her accident at the end of year party, last night was some sort of karma.

Isabella had woken up with a massive headache, not surprising really as she’d only had slumped herself on her bed last night, she wasn’t entirely sure how much she’d drank, but it was definitely over her usually limit. Once awake, she clambered downstairs and found a pizza box, she assumed that one of the girls had bought one last night.

Isabella opened the pizza box and discovered there was still half left, she gratefully started munching what was left before pouring herself a drink. She was annoyed to find she was out of juice so would have to settle for water. Isabella could then hear footsteps coming down the stairs.

“You look rough.” Hannah said as she entered the kitchen.

“I’m so dead, honestly.” Isabella quickly replied.

“Hahaha.” Hannah let out a little laugh.

“Not sure if I’ll be able to go out tonight.” Isabella quickly said.

“Its the movie night anyways.” Hannah added.

“Movie night?” Isabella was confused. She finished her drink whilst waiting for Hannah to reply.

“Yeah…it started a few years ago. We all get super drunk and watch films.” Hannah stopped.

“Like a knock off slumber party..?” Isabella butted in.

“Haha. Pretty much.” Hannah laughed back. “It always ends up getting messy.”

“I can imagine.” Isabella said under her breathe as Hannah left the kitchen.

It had only been three days or so but Isabella was already starting to think she might regret living with the girls. Neither were very talkative and all it seemed they wanted to do was drink and party. She was sort of hoping this was just a freshers ‘thing’ and that both would knuckle down to do some work when the semester properly started.

Isabella spent what was left of the morning sat on the sofa, which respectively smelt like alcohol. It had obviously been stained the night before but had now dried out, leaving a darker patch a residue. Isabella quickly moved over the other sofa and switched on the TV, hoping to find something she could watch.

After unsuccessfully finding anything to watch, even on Netflix; Isabella returned back to her room. Within minutes she was changed and ready for the day. What a boring day she thought to herself, but how that was about to change.

—-

“They’ll be here in thirty minutes.” Ellie barked up stairs.

Isabella had only just made her way out of the shower. “What’s going on?”

“We need to set up!!” Ellie fired back.

“I’ll go down…” Hannah said, whilst racing past Isabella and heading down the stairs.

Isabella scampered into her room, and threw on some dark blue jeans with a white top. It had started raining on her way back from the gym, and the house was quite cool, hence putting jeans on instead of denim shorts. Isabella could still hear some sort of commotion downstairs, and thought she‘d stay up and delay going down for as long as possible to avoid it.

By the time Isabella had made her way downstairs, both the kitchen and living room area had been cleaned and smelt fresh, and she spotted that there were already a couple of girls in the back garden. Isabella then made her way outside.

“Hey. I’m Sophie.” One of the girls called out, looking at Isabella.

“Hey…nice to meet you.” Isabella replied slowly. “I’m Isabella.”

Isabella could sort of tell Sophie had previously been a cheerleader just by observing her body. Sophie was wearing small denim white shorts which showed off her toned legs and small red crop top, which highlighted her rather perky boobs.

It then clicked with Isabella who Sophie was, she’d heard Ellie and Hannah talking about her.

“Sooo…you’re the big boss then?” Isabella asked, half joking.

“Haha…kind of.” Sophie laughed. “The medicine degree has basically taken over my life…but I do what I can.”

“Right…” Isabella replied as she listened.

“Its why I’ve delegated most of my work to these two…” Sophie looked over in the direction of Hannah and Ellie.

During the conversation, and whilst she’d been standing outside, Sophie was playing it cool, or trying too. She was having to push her legs tightly together. She was sort of glad the conversation with Isabella had come to a close. She gingerly jammed her hand into her crotch, hoping that no one would see. Luckily for her, most of the girls were already tipsy, and a lot had already made their way inside.

Sophie then followed, and slowly headed back into the house. She was having to be careful, as she was getting fairly desperate. She headed for the stairs, her plan to use the bathroom, but as she reached the stairs a voice called out.

“The first movies starting. Come on!!” Hannah called out.

Sophie swung herself round. “Ohhh…right.”

Sophie, not thinking straight, then headed to the living room. As she entered, she realised it was already crammed, and that multiple girls were laying on the floor. She perched on the only place she could, which was on the edge of the sofa.

‘At least it’s close to the door,’ she thought to herself.

The first hour of the movie had been a struggle for Sophie, and she watched as all the other girls were still downing drinks; moving from that tipsy state to the drunk state. That was the reason she was in this predicament in the first place, she didn’t drink much anymore - especially not in comparison to the other cheerleaders. To add to this, the whole situation could’ve been avoided if she’d just gone before the movie. She also knew there was that unwritten rule at these freshers events, no using the bathroom until the movie has done.

Sophie had to concentrate hard, her bladder was literally hurting and she wasn’t sure if she’d even been in this position before - not even in her first or second year. The way she was perching made it quite easy for her to dig her heel into her crotch area, that was helping relieve some of the pain.

During the movie, Isabella had been squashed in; the sofa’s only really sat two people, but there were three girls currently sat on it whilst watching the movie. And after telling herself, she didn’t want to drink much tonight, she knew she’d already got herself drunk - and it was taking its toll. She needed to use the bathroom, and desperately. Being squashed sort of helped, as it forced her to keep her legs closed, but she was getting to the point where she needed to jam her hand in her crotch, and that wasn’t possible.

There was ten minutes left of the movie when Sophie laughed at one of the comical moments. Her bladder twinged in the process, and she leaked for the first time. The first thing that came to her mind, was how warm it was. She bit her lip hard, and gazed around the room - no one had noticed, everyone’s eyes were still fixed on the television. Sophie wasn’t sure how much harder she could dig her heel into her crotch, but she gently relieved the pressure before quickly re-applying. In the split second her heel left her crotch, she spurted and her little white denim shorts instantly got wet. The spurt only stopped when the pressure of her heel was reapplied. Sophie realised what she’d done and looked down quickly, it was so warm and she could see a few dribbles of warm pee were running down her legs.

Only sat a few feet across from Sophie, Isabella had basically done the same. The inability to jam her hands in her crotch had meant she’d spurted several times, and she we could feel the warmth in-between her legs. Isabella knew if the film didn’t end soon, she was going to wet herself on the sofa, and she’d never be able to live it down. After another tiny spurt, she looked down to see a small wet patch appear on her jeans.

Sophie knew the credits were about to role, and it was either get upstairs now, or completely wet yourself right here. She also knew that the other girls would take their time to get upstairs and use the respective bathrooms as they were all drunk. As soon as the screen faded away, she hopped off the edge of the sofa, and headed for the stairs, but just like it had before, removing the pressure of her crotch, had caused her to start leaking. Luckily she was out of the room and on the stairs before anyone could see what she’d done; it had only been a matter of steps, but she was now uncontrollably spurting. Sophie could feel the warmth running down from her bum, down the back and front of legs, and even on her calves, but she didn’t want to give up - she wanted to make it to the bathroom.

It was only when she got to the top of the stairs that she realised she’d completely wet her pants. Her denim shorts were stuck to her, and pee was slowly dripping down her legs in every direction. This was Sophie’s first ever accident, and she had completely wet herself. It was at that moment she could hear some of the girls starting to make their way upstairs, and she quickly thought on her feet. Waddling across the landing, she entered the first bedroom on the hall and quietly shut the door - hoping no one would enter.

One of the girls on the way up the stairs was Isabella, desperately trying to hang on. She knew there was a wet spot on her jeans but she’d come this far, and she told herself she would make it.

“Let me go first….please?” A girl pleaded with Isabella as they reached the top of the stairs.

“Erm…” The girl then entered before Isabella could reply.

“I’ll charge my phone then…” Isabella said whilst turning her feet in the direction of her room.

Isabella shuffled carefully to her room, still with her hand buried into her crotch. Sophie could hear footsteps head towards the door, and then it slid open. Isabella had kept her eyes down when entering her room and when she looked up, she was startled. Her heart jumped out of her skin and before she realised what was happening, she was letting go, warm urine was making its way out. Her hand that had been placed down there grew warm rapidly. She quickly looked down to see wet streaks on her dark jeans.

“Fuck!!…what the fuck.” Isabella said under her breathe. She couldn’t stop the flow and it was hot. The warmth was reaching every corner of her lower body. She’d been in this position before but she couldn’t quite believe she was wetting herself in her own room. Sophie’s eyes watched as streak after streak ran down Isabella’s legs, something she’d done herself only a matter of minutes ago.

“What the fuck are you doing in here?” Isabella said, whilst panting. She was still trying to take in what had just happened.

“I….” Sophie didn’t know what to say, she could still feel the warmth on her body from her own accident.

Isabell hadn’t noticed it at first but then she saw it, Sophie’s white denim shorts were stuck to her skin, and her legs still had visible streaks down them. Isabella instantly knew what had happened.

“You….” Isabella stopped, and scanned Sophie’s legs again before continuing. “Wet yourself?”

“It just sorta happened…” Sophie replied, her face burning bed.

“Damn. Thought all you cheerleaders had iron bladders.” Isabella replied, adding a smile at the end.

“Haha well…obviously not.” Sophie smirked, looking down at her shorts and legs.

“May be that’s just Hannah and Ellie.” Isabella replied, having defused the tension and situation.

Isabella might have been upstairs saying how strong Hannah and Ellie’s iron bladders were but downstairs Hannah had got herself into a predicament. She’d been caught up in multiple conversations in the kitchen, and had planned to use the bathroom after the first movie had finished. Hannah knew she hadn’t said anything in a while, and just smiled politely, hoping the conversations would come to a natural end. She kept pushing her legs together and it wasn’t until her bladder twinged that she knew she needed a bathroom, and very quickly.

As Hannah left the kitchen, her bladder twinged again, this time she couldn’t do anything about it and some warm pee escaped.

‘Not here, not here, not here.’ She told herself as she made her way up the stairs.

Hannah’s legs shook a little as she reached the top, she had to stop and steady herself and control her bladder - something she’d done many times before. She scanned the situation, realising the other two girls stood on the landing were waiting for the bathroom too. She quickly eased her way past them and headed up the final flight of stairs to Ellie's room.

As Hannah reached the top, and entered Ellie’s room, she spurted again. The warm urine hitting her panties; she knew it was now or never. In one last effort she clambered into Ellie’s ensuite, pulled her jeans down and fired into the toilet bowl.

“Thank god.” Hannah said under her breathe. “That was a close call.”

Hannah then looked down to observe the damage, but it turned out she’d barely done any damage at all. There was a wet spot on her panties about the size of a dime, and that was it. She knew she was a very lucky girl. By the time Hannah had wiped herself down and got down the stairs; both Isabella and Sophie appeared - in dry clothes.

“Think the second movie is starting now…” Hannah said.

“Yeah, we should get down.” Isabella replied.

The three girls then made their way downstairs, like nothing had happened.

*059*2020-07-25 14:05

Back for a new chapter: broken up into two parts.

Also nearly 50,000 words on this story!

CHAPTER 17 - Freshers Night Four (PART 1)

Charlotte’s legs were shaking a little, she’d been desperate for nearly the entire forty-five minute journey and she knew she was coming to the end of her tether. The girls, Hannah, Isabella, Sophie and Charlotte had planned an afternoon trip to the beach - minus Ellie, who was too hungover. Hannah had offered to drive, which left Isabella in the passenger seat, and Charlotte and Sophie in the back.

It had been a very spontaneous trip, decided by Isabella and Hannah. They’d both woken up quite late, and were both feeling the effects of the slumber party the previous night but as it was beautiful weather; which was rare in September, they’d decided to take the trip. Luckily the beach was only a forty-five minute drive, and they could be back for the evening.

Charlotte had only got the message as she was waking up, and it said they’d be leaving in thirty minutes. She decided to ditch her plan for a shower, packed a quick a bag of essentials; slipped her black bikini on, and then raced across to Isabella’s house. But she had forgotten one thing, to use the bathroom before she left.

Back in the car and Charlotte was pushing her legs together hard. To add to this, every few seconds or so she was having to put her hand down to press into her crotch. She wasn’t sure if she’d leaked or not, she thought that the material of her bikini must’ve been soaking it up if she had. Her actions hadn’t gone unnoticed though, Sophie had glanced across several times and seen Charlotte in compromising positions.

“I’m so desperate…” Charlotte whispered over to Sophie.

“I know I can see…” Sophie replied, glancing down at Charlotte’s legs, which were tightly pushed together.

“I don’t know even know if I can hold it.” Charlotte added, wincing.

“Why didn’t you go before we set off?” Sophie asked, whispering once again.

“I just forgot, I had to rush over.” Charlotte said, looking more uneasy then ever.

“I’m sure we’re close.” Sophie replied, trying to reassure Charlotte.

“How much longer?” Charlotte said, raising her voice, trying to get Hannah’s attention.

“Like two minutes.” Hannah replied.

Sophie looked over to Charlotte and gave her a half smile. It was greeted with a tiny shake of Charlotte’s head.

“So how do you two know each other then?” Isabella said, whilst turning her head slightly to the girls in the back.

“Charlotte’s older sister is in my year of medicine…..” Sophie replied, catching Isabella’s eye.

“Small world.” Charlotte added, trying to focus all her mind on holding.

“That’s crazy.” Isabella stopped before continuing. “And this is the first time you’ve met…?”

“Yeah.” Charlotte replied, looking at Isabella, and then back to Sophie. She didn’t want to alarm any of them but the pressure was getting to much, and she let out a dribble. The last thing she wanted to do though was wet herself in another persons car.

The conversation came to a quick close and Charlotte could now see the sea out of the window, but was still unsure how she was going to deal with her predicament. A couple of thoughts flicked through her mind; one that she’d just go in the sea but she knew she wouldn’t make it that far. That left her only other thought, which was to squat down next to the car.

“We’re here.” Hannah announced as the car pulled to a stop.

The car was parked at the top of a small cliff, and the four girls slowly collected their bags and started for the beach, which was a short walk down the ridge.

“I’ll catch you up.” Charlotte said whist standing round the side of the car. She’d already unbuttoned her denim shorts, and slid them down to her ankles. She’d dribbled again and could feel the warm urine soaking, and pooling in her bikini.

“You okay?” Isabella asked.

“Erm…yeah.” Charlotte paused. “Just need to sort my bag quickly.”

Charlotte then crouched down next to the car; she was glad to have her bikini on at this point. And the best of all, it was black, so hopefully nothing would show.

“I’ll wait.” Sophie added, glancing over at Charlotte.

‘Okay…see you in a sec.” Isabella replied, and then along with Hannah, headed towards the beach.

By the time Sophie had made it round the side of the car, Charlotte was already perched on a rock, her legs shaking - with her denim shorts off and just in her bikini bottoms.

“Sophie, I’m going!!” That’s all that Charlotte managed before the loud hissing started. The pee breached Charlotte’s black bikini bottoms with ease and started spreading rapidly across the rock where she was crouched. Charlotte was breathing heavy, and she could feel her bum getting soaked as the pee pooled around her legs. After thirty seconds or so, the hissing died down slightly but there were still streaks forming on Charlotte’s inner thighs as she kept wetting herself.

Sophie had been stood about a metre away and had witnessed the whole accident. Streaks of pee were now running off the rock and she even had to retreat very slightly in order to stop the pee from reaching her shoes.

“I’m so sorry.” Sophie said whilst looking down at the mess. She wasn’t exactly sure what she was sorry for but she wanted to make sure Charlotte felt some sort of comfort. After all, Isabella had done the same for her yesterday.

Charlotte’s face was burning red in embarrassment, she’d just completely wet herself. She still hadn’t moved from the rock, and didn’t want to. Her breathing was still heavy and she was a little unaware of how much she’d relaxed her muscles. As easy as the the pee had come out with a tiny push, she’d relaxed so much that a log was now making its way out of her bum. It caused her to lift her leg up very slightly, which in turn peeled off the rock as it was completely soaked. Her bikini bottoms then pulled away from her skin very slowly and she felt the first bitt of warm mess break off. Charlotte then reluctantly knew she had to finish the job, and gently eased the last little log out, filling her small black bikini bottoms completely. Charlotte froze, she had no idea what to do next. She knew she couldn’t hide this accident but she tried anyway; sort of putting her leg back down causing the logs to push up against her skin.

“I’ve shit myself.” Charlotte blurted out. She couldn’t believe what she’d just said.

Sophie’s eyes then darted to Charlotte’s bum. “Oh no…” She said under her breathe.

Sophie could see a bulge the size of a tennis ball poking out the back of Charlotte’s bikini. Sophie’s nose then caught a whiff of a poignant smell. Charlotte had completely shit her bikini.

“I’ve just shit myself.” Charlotte said under her breathe, repeating herself. She was completely frozen.

Sophie then kept her head down as a family walked past, she felt bad but she was definitely getting second hand embarrassment from Charlotte’s accident. Sophie could hear the grumbles from the family as they walked past, presumably commenting on the smell, or may be the pooling of pee that ran from Charlotte’s crotch across the rock, and onto the tarmac.

“Charlotte use this.” Sophie remembered she had brought two towels, just in case one of the girls had forgotten there’s. She quickly got it out her bag and passed it to Charlotte.

“Wrap it round your waste.” Sophie added. “We can sort the rest out down by the beach.”

—-

The rest of the beach day had been rather uneventful. Charlotte tried her best to sort herself out by entering the water and letting the logs float out. Then afterwards, she checked how bad the damage was, unfortunately it still hadn’t removed the slightly visible skid marks from her bikini bottoms, but it had cleaned her up somewhat. By the time they were on their way home, and she was sat back in the car, she could feel a tingling sting coming from her bum, obviously where she hadn’t cleaned fully and where a rash was coming on.

The other three girls had seamlessly had no problems at all during the day, and had all enjoyed trying to tan during the few hours they had in the sun. It wasn’t until Hannah realised how long they’d spent that she quickly rounded up the girls, and they briskly set off back home on the forty-five minute journey.

“You okay?” Sophie said whilst nudging Charlotte’s arm.

“Yeah…think so.” Charlotte said back. Charlotte had changed out of her bikini and was now just commando in her denim shorts.

“Good…” Sophie replied. “I peed in the sea before we set off anyways.”

“You peed in the sea…?” Charlotte said a little too loudly.

“Yeah…doesn’t everyone?” Sophie replied, a smile opening on her face.

“Well…yeah…I guess so.” Charlotte chuckled, she too had peed in the sea before they set off - more out of precaution as she didn’t want a repeat of what had happened earlier.

“You lot are disgusting.” Hannah fired back towards Charlotte and Sophie.

It was then Isabella’s turn to add to the conversation. “I mean…I did too.”

“Wow.” Hannah replied slowly and very sarcastically, rolling her eyes in the process.

“You didn’t?” Isabella asked.

“No…” Hannah replied, keeping her eyes fixed on the road. Not taking any notice of her small urge to use the bathroom.

The rest of the car journey had been a combination of traffic, and the girls singing along to songs badly, rather like they were drunk at a karaoke bar. Isabella had decided to connect her phone to the Bluetooth system which had allowed the girls some joy as they sat in traffic. Hannah was the only one who hadn’t participated in the sing-song, instead concentrating on the road, not fully realising how much her urge to use the bathroom had grown.

The girls stopped singing and the car eventually quietened down as it pulled into a car-park. Charlotte said her goodbyes, got out and walked across the concrete floor and into a stairwell - heading back to her shared flat. Charlotte was glad to be back home, she knew she needed to clean herself up. Next up was Sophie, who was another five minutes up the road. The car then pulled to stop and Sophie got out, opening the boot, taking her bag out and closing it before racing off inside, back to her shared medics house.

By the time Hannah had pulled the car into the drive, her legs shook a little and a rather painful wave of desperation hit here. She hadn’t quite realised how long they’d been driving for, and with all the stops they’d made, she’d been holding it for at least ninety minutes or more. Hannah knew she wasn’t the type of girl to do this either, she liked to make sure she used the bathroom at regular intervals. She liked to think of herself as a pristine girl, not having accidents, or getting her panties wet at all.

Both Hannah and Isabella collected their bags and walked back to the house. Hannah made sure she kept a stride behind Isabella, she really thought highly of herself and didn’t want to show how desperate she was. She had told herself that it was a sign of weakness. Isabella entered the key, and as soon as they entered the house, Ellie greeted them.

“You’re back!! Finally…” Ellie shrieked a little as she got her words out.

“Hey!!” Isabella fired back, breaking a smile, and giving Ellie a quick hug.

“How was it?” Ellie asked.

“Hot!!” Isabella replied. “Good to get some sun.”

Ellie then turned her attention to Hannah, who had a worried expression of her face “Whats up with you?”

“Sorry. I’m just daydreaming.” Hannah quickly replied.

Hannah knew she wasn’t daydreaming, she was concentrating hard, focusing on holding her pee - but at least the bathroom was literally up the stairs. The last thing she needed though was Ellie holding her up, trying to make conversation.

“Fancy a drink?” Ellie asked, glancing at both Hannah and Isabella.

“Sure…” Isabella quickly replied. “Could do with one after the journey. Took ages”

The words bolted straight through Hannah’s ears. Having a drink was the last thing she needed right now. All she wanted to do was go up the stairs and use the toilet, she knew that having a drink would end badly.

“Ermmm.” But before Hannah could finish her groan, she was being ushered into the kitchen by Ellie.

“Come on…I’ve been waiting.” Ellie said, already turning her feet in the direction of the kitchen.

Hannah and Isabella then dropped their bags at the bottom of the stairs and the three girls made their way into the kitchen. Ellie had already prepared the mixer, and was quickly pouring the vodka-coke into her glass. She was followed by Isabella, who had poured herself a large glass and was already taking a sip. Hannah, on the other hand, had poured herself a small glass just out of politeness, but had no real intention of drinking any.

“Jeeez Isabella. You really needed that.” Ellie said, whilst watching Isabella as she nearly finished her glass.

“Hahaha.” Isabella laughed, and then looked down at her nearly empty glass.

“Might as well finish it.” Ellie added. Isabella then took a final swig of her drink before pouring herself a new glass.

As the girls were sat round the table, Hannah’s legs were now bouncing faster than ever under the table and her hand was now firmly planted in her crotch, pushing hard. It had been at least ten minutes since she’d been home - and that was ten minutes for her to use the bathroom. Her little denim shorts also now felt tighter than ever, and her bladder was screaming out to be emptied. She wasn’t sure how much longer she could go on without something happening.

“How was the beach then?” Ellie asked the table, before taking a large sip of her vodka-coke.

“Honestly…was so chilled.” Isabella replied, doing the same.

*063*2020-07-27 17:52

{{21 hours ago, theyellowsafe said:

Great chapter! Thank you for including another messing accident.

There's something very hot about her relaxing so much while wetting herself that she pooped as well. I love that concept.

}}

Yep I agree!! Will definitely get some more messings in before the story ends...

{{13 hours ago, CrTnt said:

Nice to see another chapter, I've really enjoyed your story

}}

Thanks !! I appreciate the support

*064*2020-07-27 18:05

Back for part 2, and one of my favourite chapters.

CHAPTER 17 - Freshers Night Four (PART 2)

More precious minutes had gone by for Hannah to use the bathroom but she was still sat round the table drinking with Ellie and Isabella. To add to this, she didn’t want to seem like she wasn’t enjoying herself and so reluctantly had taken numerous sips of her drink. The drink had gone down slowly, only filling up her already completely full, ready to burst bladder. Hannah had never been in this position before but she knew she was coming to the end of her tether, and that she’d only been able to hold it for another couple of minutes, or so she thought.

On the flip side, both Ellie and Isabella had been drinking away freely. It hadn’t taken long for Ellie to catch Isabella up in finishing her first glass, and now both girls were racing away to see who could finish their second glass quicker.

“Honestly…we’re going to get so drunk tonight.” Ellie laughed, which caused Isabella to laugh back with her.

“You guys should slow down a little.” Hannah added, flicking her eyes between the girls.

“Just because you can’t keep up.” Ellie fired back through her laugh.

“I’m taking it steady…” Hannah replied. Feeling a little pressured in the moment she took a large sip from her drink. She then looked down at the glass and realised she still had roughly half left.

“I downed mine!!” Isabella blurted out, before taking a sip of her drink.

“Yeah…come on.” Ellie had been riled up by Isabella, “Down it!”

“There’s barely any left…” Isabella added, before glancing towards Hannah.

Hannah knew she had no way out, both Ellie and Isabella were waiting for her to down her drink. Thoughts raced through Hannah’s mind; may be this was the moment she lost her pride, and had an accident as a woman. May be this was actually the moment she wet herself. Reluctantly Hannah raised the glass to her lips and started drinking, finishing what was left in a matter of seconds. Her desperation had escaped her mind when drinking and she gently felt her crotch area, luckily it was still dry.

After Hannah had downed her drink, the table seemed more relaxed. Both Ellie and Isabella had cheered and banged their fists on the table in celebration; and it wasn’t long before another five minuets had passed. But it had been five minutes too much for Hannah, all the cheering and joking around had caused her to leak. At first it was just a tiny bit of urine escaping, but the second time, it felt more like a spurt.

Before the car journey home, Hannah had managed to change out of her bikini and had put on some white panties on, but they were now sticking to her skin as the droplets of urine soaked into them. She tried not to panic and continued on with the conversation like nothing had happened. Looking down Hannah could see a small wet spot appearing on her crotch area but she thought it wasn’t too noticeable, especially if she made it to the toilet in the next minute or so.

Luckily for Hannah, Ellie and Isabella definitely hadn’t noticed any of her desperation, or the tiny wet spot appearing on her crotch, not that they’d be looking their anyways. They were still taking large sips of their drinks, cracking jokes and laughing loudly at each other. There was slight pause in the laugher, an awkward silence one would say, which made Ellie and Isabella giggle even more - even Hannah cracked a smile. More to Hannah’s attention though, she had heard something during the silence, a slight dripping sound, like water onto a wooden floor.

Hannah immediately looked down at her crotch expecting to see a puddle of urine forming and dripping off her seat, but despite her desperation she was dry. She was confused. She then quickly scanned the other girls, briefly looking at Ellie before her attention was drawn to Isabella. She couldn’t see every angle due to where she was sat at the table but she could make out Isabella’s hand, which was firmly jammed into her crotch. She could also see that Isabella was sat on her heel, which she knew was a classic holding technique - one she’d used on occasion.

Hannah then shuffled across her seat to get a better look at Isabella, more specifically at her crotch. She couldn’t believe what she was seeing. It was sort of obvious to her that both Ellie and Isabella were tipsy, and Isabella had definitely drank quickly, but she wasn’t expecting it at all, if anything she was expecting it to be her in that position.

Isabella had little blue denim shorts on and a small light blue string top, and presumably her bikini on underneath. Now perched across a little on her chair, Hannah could visibly see the darkened area on Isabella’s shorts, and it slowly glistened slightly as both Isabella and Ellie continued to laugh with one another. Isabella’s accident wasn’t bad, but Hannah could see two small streams that had run off from her crotch area; one that had pooled on the chair, the other slowly dripping off. Hannah wasn’t sure if Isabella knew she was wetting herself but continued to watch without saying anything - after-all, she was nearly in the same boat.

Hannah still unsure of what to do took a small sip of her drink, and joined back in with the conversation, which was mainly giggling, as Isabella and Ellie were getting drunker by the minute. The dripping had sort of stopped and Hannah could see that Isabella’s little streams had now pooled in her crotch, and on the seat.

“Ewww.” Ellie blurted out.

Instinctively Hannah’s head turned towards Ellie’s, and before they caught eyes, Hannah had followed Ellie’s eyes up from the ground.

“What?” Hannah quickly fired back. Realising in that moment, that some of the pee must’ve ran along the floor and onto Ellie’s socks.

“Isabella’s pissed herself!” Ellie replied, starting to laugh slowly, this time not with Isabella but at her.

Hannah then quickly looked over to Isabella, who’s face was burning red. Hannah already knew that Isabella had wet herself, there was no getting away with it now.

“Oh my god.” Ellie said, breaking herself from her laugh. “Stand up.”

Ellie’s eyes were now fixed on Isabella, and after a short pause, Isabella slowly rose to her feet. Isabella’s eyes had tears in them even if she wasn’t crying yet. Both Hannah and Ellie watched in amazement as Isabella’s hands slowly parted ways from her crotch. There was a large glistening stain on her denim shorts and as she stood there, streams of pee were breaching the denim and making their way down her inners thighs and calves, before puddling on the floor.

“I…I…can’t stop.” Isabella managed to get out whilst holding back her tears.

Hannah and Ellie continued to watch in amazement as the large streams of pee had started to slow down and now only small droplets were running down Isabella’s legs. Hannah then looked down at the floor realising the puddling of pee had started to run in her direction towards her feet. She also got a glimpse of her own shorts, quickly realising that the wet spot had grown and if she didn’t get to the toilet in a minute she’d be doing the same as Isabella.

“I’m sorry….I just started laughing too much and…” Isabella whimpered, putting her hands back over her crotch area trying to cover the damage, but the damage was already done. Ellie and Hannah and just watched her completely piss herself.

“We better put you in a nappy for the rest of the evening.” Ellie said whilst laughing. Her eyes flicking between Isabella’s wet patch and her soaked legs.

“What?” Isabella snapped back, still standing. She didn’t want to sit down as her seat was soaked.

“That’s the rule.” Ellie quickly replied, getting up from her seat. “Come on.”

A wet legged Isabella reluctantly shuffled her feet and followed Ellie out of kitchen and down the hallway towards the stairs. Isabella hadn’t been able to contain her tears and she started sniffling as she started up the stairs. Hannah, who closely followed behind was thankful, it was only one flight up the stairs before she could relieve herself. As she followed, she discreetly shoved her hand into crotch, making sure neither Isabella or Ellie saw.

Ellie reached the top of the stairs first, closely followed by Isabella; who was still covering her crotch with her hands, just in case more pee leaked out accidentally. Last up the stairs was Hannah, who was having to concentrate as her bladder was spasming with her every step. Hannah felt like the walls were starting to close in on her as she could see the bathroom door, it was only a matter of metres away. There had been dead silence between the girls as they made their way from the kitchen up the stairs but that silence was about to be broken as it was one spasm too many for Hannah’s bladder. There was a small, muffled hissing sound.

“You might have to put me in one too…” Hannah whimpered out jokingly as pee started to breach her panties for the first time in her life. She was biting her lip hard, out of shyness and embarrassment. Both Isabella and Ellie stopped in their tracks and quickly turned round to see Hannah still stood on the landing at the top of the stairs - a wet patch emerging around her crotch.

“No no no no no…” Hannah managed under her breathe, her cheeks burning red. The warm urine was now soaking into her little whited denim shorts, and hurtling down her thighs at an alarming rate. She knew full well she was now wetting her pants for the first time.

“Oh my god.” Ellie mouthed before letting out a little laugh, she was completely amused by the whole situation.

“Nooo…please.” Hannah whimpered for the final time, trying to control herself but it was no use. Her legs were now warm and wet, and her little white denim shorts were stuck to her skin. Watching Hannah’s wetting unfold had made Isabella pee a little more; but luckily for her, neither Ellie or Hannah had noticed. One thing she did know though, is that they’d both been humiliated,

“Better change you then as well…” Ellie said whilst rolling her eyes. She then turned her feet and started making her way up the final set of stairs to her room.

As Hannah slowly waddled up the final set of stairs, she was internally kicking herself. This had never happened to her before she thought to herself and why did it have to happen now? She knew when she got home she had plenty of time to get the toilet. She was annoyed, angry with herself, it had been a complete blur, and something she desperately wanted to eradicate from her memory.

Hannah’s thoughts were interrupted as the three girls made their way into the room.

“You’re going to have to strip…” Ellie said looking back at the two girls, who were stood awkwardly, both wet from the waist down.

“Shall we…” Hannah didn’t finish her sentence, she caught Ellie’s gaze which was heading towards her en-suite. Hannah then nodded, to acknowledge Ellie.

Hannah and Isabella then made their into Ellie’s en-suite, and slowly started to remove their clothes, leaving their respective soaked shorts in a pile on the floor. Hannah felt well and truly humiliated, she still couldn’t get her hand round the fact that this had happened. She then realised that the next five minutes were the worst of her life so far. She had lied down on her back, and watched as Ellie wrapped a padded nappy round her waist, securing it tightly. Moments after, Ellie performed the same procedure on Isabella who too, was disgusted with herself.

“What if I need to pee?” Isabella said, as she got up off the bed.

“Well…duh…” Ellie replied, confused by the question.

“I’m not going in this…” Isabella fired back, looking down at the padding round her waist.

“That’s the rule…” Ellie said back, her eyes locked with Isabella’s “Shouldn’t have pissed yourself then…”

“Fuck sake…” Isabella said under her breathe.

All three girls then swiftly returned back downstairs, and into the kitchen. One thing was for sure tonight, they were definitely getting drunk. Hannah needed something to blur this night out of her memory and alcohol was the perfect fuel. Luckily for her, she didn’t have to spent five minutes mopping up her own pee, and wiping down her seat as Isabella did before she started drinking again. After another couple of glasses of the vodka-coke, it hadn’t taken long for the girls to get over the elephant in the room, or it was probably because they were now too drunk to take any notice.

*067*2020-08-08 20:19

Sorry it takes me so long to write these, just want them to be perfect.

Hope everyone enjoys this new chapter!

CHAPTER 18 - Freshers Night Five

The big one, Friday night. It was always a highly anticipated night for the cheerleaders as one of the girls (in the cheerleader society) would have their name drawn out of a hat and then have to host a party - on the Friday night. This year the name drawn out was one of the new freshers who had just signed up, although quite unlikely to happen, Ellie, Hannah and Isabella were still all ready to cut loose and party.

Neither girl had spoken about the previous nights incidents in the morning of the Friday, and truth be told, both Hannah and Isabella didn’t want it brought up. They both wanted to quickly move on. Isabella had woken up super early, and after taking some paracetamol, spent the rest of her morning in the gym on the treadmill - trying to shake off her ordeal. Hannah, on the other hand, had stayed in bed for the morning. Her wet clothes from the night before were still lying in a pile on her floor, and she didn’t want to get up - she knew that would mean accepting her defeat and washing her pissed in clothes; but she had no other choice. After a brief shower, and a slice of toast for breakfast, she gave in and picked up the still slightly damp clothes off the floor and took them to the washing machine.

By the time all three girls had caught up again it was late afternoon. Hannah was the first ready for the party, as she often was. She was sat waiting downstairs for Ellie and Isabella. Hannah had on a tight black dress, with a nice white flower image printed on evenly, and some John Lennon like shades just to top it off. Hannah knew this dress really showed off her body. Isabella was then next down the stairs, wearing a playful white dress.

“Sorry I’m late.” Isabella quickly apologised after realising the taxi was already waiting for them downstairs.

“Ellie…Hurry up!!” Hannah then shouted, directing it up the stairs.

There was a short silence before a muffled reply could be heard from Ellie. “Coming.”

Ellie finally made her way down the stairs in a sort of skimpy, gold dress. She knew it would get the attention of the boys. The girls then quickly checked themselves out before heading outside.

“We’re so late…” Hannah said whilst locking the door behind her.

“Stop worrying…” Ellie replied, already opening the door to the taxi and sliding herself in.

“How long is the journey” Isabella asked Hannah, as she finally made her way into the taxi.

“Like fifteen minutes…may be twenty.” Hannah replied as the taxi set off.

It had only been ten minutes into the journey when Ellie realised she needed to pee. Not that she would say anything, but she was annoyed at Hannah who had rushed her out of the house. Hannah had made the point that because they were head of the society, they needed to make sure they weren’t too late arriving. Ellie hadn’t really thought of it that way, but not a problem, she’d just go at the party. By the time they finally arrived at the party, it was already bustling with people, and a lot of fresh faces. Although this was primarily a cheerleaders social, it never stayed that way and always became a big free-for-all. Last years party had been hosted at a third years house and the place was basically a reck by the time everyone had left - at 6am. Neither Hannah or Ellie remember much of that night, both having had too much to drink.

Back to tonight though, and this house was big, a five bed. Ellie wondered to herself why a fresher was staying here but it made sense after she overheard a conversation explaining that the girls older sister also lived here. As Ellie entered the house, she’d already lost sight of Hannah and Isabella but it gave her a chance to have a quick look around. Ellie wondered around the downstairs, bumping into some of the cheerleaders she knew.

“Drink?” Hannah called out, getting Ellie’s attention whilst reaching into the plastic bag she’d brought (full of booze).

“Sure.” Ellie replied, catching the bottle that Hannah threw her way. Ellie then glanced over at Isabella, who had already started her bottle.

With the music blasting, it wasn’t long before the party was in full swing. The living room was now a make shift dance floor; and a licence for the overly eager cheerleaders to start dancing in compromising positions to get the boys attention, which most of the time actually worked. The kitchen had become a brewery, or smelt like one anyways; each guest going back and forth to top up their drinks. Leaving the back room, which had become the ‘talk room’, mainly with new found intoxicated couples getting close, but not close enough for then to need their own room - just yet.

This is where Ellie had been for the last twenty minutes, talking to an older boy who she’d got the attention of. Despite everything going smoothly, even getting a kiss, she had to bring the conversation to a quick close when a bladder spasm hit her. She had forgotten she’d arrived to the party needing a wee. Ellie gave the boy her number, telling him to text her later in the night, and then started to make her way through the small crowd in the hallway, heading towards the stairs.

Ellie, now regretting the two and half bottles she’d had at the party, slowly made her way up the stairs. As she stepped out onto the landing; she noticed there was a commotion by the bathroom. It didn’t take long for Ellie to work out what was happening. To her amazement, a girl who she didn’t know, was stood with huge dark stains on her jeans, Ellie couldn’t believe her eyes. It was obviously a fresher who had drank too much and not been able to hold it, but Ellie always found these situations amusing.

Ellie’s smirk was removed off her face immediately as her bladder twinged, her thong got wet, but Ellie assumed it must be sweat; it was a hot evening after all. Ellie’s mind then seemed to switch off for a second, she couldn’t think as she stood there desperately holding her pee; there were at least four girls stood by the door (five counting the girl with soaked jeans), which meant at least another ten, may be fifteen minutes of waiting. Ellie couldn’t seem to process that, surely that was too long to wait, she’d already spasmed and leaked - another five minutes and she’d explode. In a rush of blood, Ellie headed back downstairs to find an alternative; quickly exiting the house via the back door.

Ellie stumbled down the path towards the gate at the end of the garden; she was discrete, making sure no one saw how much discomfort she was in. Not that she’d realised yet, but she was fighting a losing battle against her bladder. She knew she just had to make it out of sight, she was already feeling embarrassed and couldn’t do what the girl outside the bathroom had done, disgusting she thought to herself. After all, she was Ellie, she’d always been able to hold it no matter what the situation was.

She quickly opened the back gate and hobbled round to the side of the wall, making sure no one saw her. Her gold dress was feeling tighter than ever, and not that anyone would have known but her already damp thong was about to get wetter - her bladder twinged again. Ellie half folded over, and had to quickly regain her composure, but this time the little leak hadn’t been contained by her thong material and she could feel some droplets of pee run down her inner thigh.

Ellie was now in a frantic state, her long wavy brown hair fluttered around in the wind. Her mind was racing, “Flexi Ellie”, that’s what the boys called her after her crazy sex positions; she was meant to be the hottest cheerleader. At this rate they’d change it to “smelly Ellie.” This wasn’t the time to be thinking of that though. She’d never been in this position before, it wasn’t meant to be her; she was the one who laughed at the other girls when they had their accidents - now she was stood, trying to hide herself, completely beyond breaking point.

Ellie then panicked even more as she heard the gate opening, and with that came voices. She took another step around the wall, trying to be as quiet as possible and trying harder to make sure she wasn’t seen. With that being said, if anyone could have seen her at that exact moment, they would have noticed that her legs were visibly shaking - and would have quickly realised what was happening. It even took Ellie a moment to realise what the feeling was on the back of her exposed legs - it was dribbles of warm pee.

Ellie let out a little gasp, she was not a pants wetter, and quickly crossed her legs whilst jamming her hand from behind into her crotch - it was her only hope right now. She was still franticly trying to think of something to do, save her from this situation but to make matters worse, she could hear the voices getting louder. That was one thing she didn’t need.

Ellie then realised her hand that was jammed into her crotch from behind was getting warm. It then dawned on her, crossed her mind for a split second, may be she wasn’t going to make it. She quickly erased that thought from the back of her mind, and tried to shuffle into a small gap. The gap between the walls was small enough for her to fit into, and small enough for the little group (two boys, one girl) not to realise she was there.

Now in the gap, Ellie had to straighten her legs, there was no space for her to jam her hands into her crotch. In fact, there was no real space for her to do anything. She had to control her breathing - now crossing her fingers in the hope she wouldn’t be heard. She could smell the cigarette smoke, presumably what the small group had come to do, as smoking in the house wasn’t allowed.

In such a panic and trying to stay frozen, Ellie hadn’t yet noticed the tiny puddles forming round her shoes. She was thinking about how it was a warm evening, and that may be her mind was playing tricks on her - but it wasn’t. She was stood, hiding between walls, unaware that small rivulets of pee were snaking their way down her inner thighs and puddling on the floor. There was no way of sugarcoating it, Ellie was having her first ever accident.

Anyone watching would have seen a really pretty girl, in a skimpy gold dress, with may be a little too much make-up on an already pretty face embarrassingly hiding, squirming and slowly wetting themselves. Luckily for Ellie, who was still oblivious about her accident from the shock, hadn’t been seen by the group, or that’s what she thought. Ellie’s ears then eagerly pricked up, and she could tell the group were finishing up.

The group had finished smoking, and were planning to head back to the party when one of the boys dropped his cigarette, and kicked it away. Something caught his eye, a tiny trail of something. It was something like you’d see at a lamppost after a dog had peed. He slowly followed the trail with his eyes, then catching a glimpse of shoes. It didn’t take long for his mind to figure out it was a person standing between the crack in the wall, and only one thing made that sort of trial, he knew someone was presumably having an accident.

Without making a sound, he reclined his body, trying not to catch the attention of his friends as they were trying to usher him away and back to the house. As the side profile came into view, he knew who it was straight away - he’d seen the gold dress multiple times at the party. His eyes widened as he realised what was happening, she was pissing herself. The boy could only make out the side of one leg, but could visibly see it was shaking, and that little streams off pee were running down it. Before he re-shuffled his body back into a normal position, he darted his eyes one last time up and down Ellie’s piss soaked legs - the hottest girl at the party couldn’t hold it.

“I’m coming!!” He shouted loudly in a rush of blood towards his friends, hoping it would scare Ellie - and it did.

The shock of the shouting had made her flinch, in tern triggering her brain to process what was happening, have I really not made it? Her eyes looked down, and she quickly realised what was making the evening warm, it was hot piss slowly running down her legs. Ellie then pushed her legs together but there was no stopping the flow, the pee was coming out and in all directions. Ellie’s brain was working in overdrive, surely this wasn’t real. She was soaking herself.

Real or not, Ellie’s brain processed that it had one final mission and that was to completely relieve her bladder - in her thong or not. After a short moment thinking what to do, Ellie squatted down whilst yanking her thong aside letting the remains of her pee stream out on to the concrete floor. Ellie knew she was breathing heavy and after the final few dribbles came out, she stood back up a little unsure of what to do next. It felt like her mind was talking to her.

‘Was that an accident?’ Her thong was certainly wet, soaked through, and her legs were warm and a little sticky but she’d made it in time right? That’s what Ellie was telling herself.

‘It's fine to have one little dribble?’ Ellie still hadn’t come to terms with her accident yet, she was in denial. To her she’d just had a little dribble in her thong but that was nothing that hadn’t happened to every other girl before…right?

‘Should I be this wet?’ The denial had really kicked in as Ellie scanned herself. Her thong was completely saturated and parts of her dress were wet through. Anyone else would’ve known that they’d just had an accident but not Ellie - it just couldn’t possibly happen to her. These were all questions she asked herself in that moment. Had the mighty Ellie, the one who never had accidents, who laughed at the other little girls, finally been exposed?

*070*2020-09-08 11:32

CHAPTER 18 - Freshers Night Five (CONT’D)

Ellie was breathing heavily and her mind couldn’t process the thoughts she was thinking, but what she did know is that her legs were warm, wet and sticky. As she rested her body back against the wall, her eyes were drawn to the trail of pee she’d left on the floor. She quickly shuffled her feet out of the crack in the wall and back into the space where the group has been smoking, in order to stop her shoes getting even more wet.

Now out of her own puddle of pee, Ellie looked around quickly making sure no one could see her before lifting her dress up and looking down at the lower half of her body. Ellie’s chest instantly felt heavy inside, and her stomach knotted as her eyes caught her true wetness. Ellie took a deep breathe as she processed the remains of her first accident - she wanted to cry. Reality was setting in.

There wasn’t an inch of her thong that wasn’t wet, and she could still see streaks of wetness all down her legs. Ellie gently moved her hand and flicked off any droplets she could see, flinching as she did so, the warmth catching her off guard. There was no way she could go back into the party like this, but she had no choice. Ellie took a few steps back towards the gate, before stopping - even her shoes were wet. She let out a little sigh as she could feel the squelch every time she put her foot down.

Back at the house, and the party, the music was booming. Although time may have felt like it was going in slow motion for Ellie as her accident unfolded, she’d been outside for well over forty-five minutes. Due to the location of the house, and not wanting to get complaints from the neighbours, there was only around fifteen minutes before most of the party-goers would leave for the club. Hannah had spent the most of her time at the party catching up with friends, she was a popular girl and as head of the cheerleader society, it meant trying to reach out to knew students to join the society. She’d met a couple of new first years but wasn’t sure they were in the best state to even talk; she questioned if they’d even remember having a conversation with her.

Hannah, now drunk herself, had spent the last five minutes in the back room, locking lips with a boy from her year. Hannah could taste the cigarette smoke in his mouth, but was too drunk to really care. They're pace shifted as they kissed, pushing hard into each other, before slower, lip biting action. This was Hannah’s first pull in freshers and feeling sex deprived, she wanted more than just a kiss. Now sat on his legs, Hannah could feel his boner pushing through his jeans and into her leg - she didn’t want this to stop.

“Hannah…Hannah?!” Isabella called out from across the room as she made her way in.

Hannah’s body broke loose from the boys, and she slowly swung herself round.

“What?” Hannah replied, in a sort of angry tone. “I’m busy…can’t you see?”

“Ermm…I… need your help.” Isabella said, her face turning red. Realising what she’d walked into, Isabella shuffled her feet backwards towards the entrance of the door.

“Give me two minutes.” Hannah said, swinging herself round again to look at the boy. She gave him a quick peck on the lips before quickly un-mounting his body and leaving the room with Isabella.

“What’s up?” Hannah said whilst walking.

“I need a…” Isabella stopped in her tracks. “Shit.”

“And you had to disturb me?” Hannah raised her voice. “I was in the middle of something.”

“Babe…I’m sorry.” Isabella clenched her butt muscles as a wave of desperation hit her. “There’s a queue and I wanted to go back to the house.”

“I don’t understand…do you need the keys or something?” Hannah asked.

“Yeah…” Isabella replied, now feeling extremely guilty about finding Hannah.

“To be honest, I need to pee anyways.” Hannah replied. “Let's just go wait together, and if its too long. We’ll go home.”

“You’re a babe.” Isabella remarked.

“And I want to take the boy home to.” Hannah added.

“We can go back.” Isabella replied, both girls letting out a little laugh.

Ellie’s route back to the house had been uneventful so far, she’d made her way up the path and was now sneaking herself back into the kitchen. The back of her legs were still extremely damp and she wanted to find some paper towels or even a cloth to try and dry them, and she was in luck. The kitchen side had two, nearly full, kitchen rolls. Ellie ripped off a bunch of paper sheets and slowly started wiping her legs down; constantly checking the door to make sure no one was about to come in. Her legs were worse than she could’ve ever imagined, and were still warm and sticky. She was disgusted with herself, this could definitely never happen again. Ellie popped open the bin and threw the first papers sheets away. Before she could grab anymore, the door swung open.

“Ohh…hey!” The boy said, a little startled.

“Ohhh…hey?” Ellie swung herself round and popped the bin lid closed.

The boy stopped in his tracks before speaking. “Is everything okay?”

Ellie scanned him up and down, not her usual type she thought to herself, but she’d chat; and be polite.

“Yeah…” Ellie stopped, before smiling and laughing. “Just a bit drunk…”

“Oh right…haha.” The boy replied, letting out a little forced laugh. “You’re Ellie…right?”

“Yeah.” Ellie was a little puzzled, and scrunched her face. “How did you know?”

“Think we met at another party last year…” The boy replied a little nervously.

“I see. “ Ellie wasn’t sure where the conversation was going, and just wanted to get herself dry sooner rather than later.

Despite Ellie having tried her hardest to dry all the possible wetness on her legs, the boy could still make out small wet spots near her ankles and on the inside of her knees. This wasn’t a surprise to him though as he’d seen her outside, legs shaking, as she wet herself. The boy quickly sensed the tension in the room and quickly moved to the fridge, opening it and taking out a beer.

“One for the road.” He said, glancing his eyes Ellie.

“Sounds good.” Ellie replied politely. She felt like the ground was swallowing her up. All she wanted to do was be alone and have no one to disturb her for the next few hours.

“Are you sure you’re okay?” The boy said as he went to leave with his beer. “Your legs are shaking you know?”

Ellie who hadn’t even realised that her legs were shaking, looked down. It quickly became apparent to her, more than ever, that she still had patches of wetness down her legs. This was probably the most embarrassing situation she’d ever been in.

“Erm…yeah.” Ellie replied nervously, hoping he noticed any of the wetness on her legs. “I’m good.”

“Just…you look a little wet.” The boy said, his eyes slowly gazing down to her legs.

Ellie stood frozen as her mind was working overtime, she could feel her cheeks burning. “I…erm…spilt my drink.”

“Shit.” The boy said, laughing to himself. “Hate it when that happens…and it makes it look like you’ve peed yourself as well.”

Ellie’s eyes flickered as she stood there. The kitchen felt incredibly hot and all she wanted to do was start crying to herself, but she knew she had to stay strong.

“Honestly…” That was the only word she managed to get out, she could feel her legs starting to shake a little a agin.

The boy flicked open the top to his beer, and took sip. “You know your dress is wet as well?”

“My dress?” Ellie replied quickly, trying to sound completely unaware of what he was on about.

“Yeah” The boy replied, “By your….erm…bum.”

This was Ellie’s worse nightmare coming true. It was bad enough wetting herself in the first place but now she was about to outed in the middle of a party, by a boy who she didn’t even know.

“Well…erm…” Ellie’s eyes caught the boys eyes, and she panicked. “I…must have sat in something.”

The boy let out a little laugh and took a sip of his beer, “If you say so…”

Ellie took a deep breath and scanned herself, was it that obvious that she’d wet herself?

In a rush of blood, and like someone would if they were trying to defend a lie, Ellie blurted out, “I didn’t wet myself!”

It came out a little louder than Ellie expected and the boy looked back at her completely startled. Without Ellie even knowing it, the boy had been teasing her - he’d literally seen her wet herself.

“I was only jokin…” He cut himself off before continuing. “Wait…unless…you wet yourself?”

Shivers were sent straight through Ellie’s body. She was stood frozen in the kitchen and had no idea how to get herself out of the situation, she needed a miracle.

“Errr…” Ellie had lost the ability to speak.

“Oh my god.” The boy said, laughing to himself. “You did…you wet yourself…wait till I tell everyone about this.”

“Please.” Ellie blurted out, a tear fell from her eye. “No one can know.”

Ellie’s miracle wish was then granted. The door to the kitchen crashed open and Isabella and Hannah came stumbling in.

“There you are!!!” Isabella exclaimed, whilst raising her hand and pointing it towards Ellie. “We’ve been looking everywhere.”

“Yeah we’re heading home…Isabella needs to shit, and I need…” Hannah broke off as she saw Ellie wasn’t alone in the room, she recognised the boy straight away. “Oh…hey babe.”

“Hey.” The boy replied, moving himself closer to Hannah whilst taking a sip of his drink.

“I think we’re going to head home…you’re welcome to come.” Hannah said, gazing into his eyes.

“Sounds perfect, I was just getting a beer for the road.” He added, gently placing his hands in Hannah’s.

“You coming Ellie?” Isabella asked. “The taxi will be outside in a second.”

“Erm…sure.” Ellie replied. She was still getting her head round what was going on. Hannah was now hand in hand with the boy who had just outed her for wetting herself; it felt like some surreal fucked up fantasy that you’d only see in a dream.

The four of them then slowly made their way out of the kitchen and back down the hall towards the front door. Ellie stopped in her tracks.

“I’ll catch you up.” Ellie said, “Just forgotten something.”

“Be quick.” Hannah remarked.

Ellie hurried back into the kitchen and grabbed her phone, that she’d left on the side. She was joined by the boy, who was throwing his now empty beer bottle in the bin.

“Do they know?” He asked, holding the kitchen door open with his foot.

Ellie realised what he was asking and shook her head before speaking. “No.”

“Well…your secrets safe with me.” The boy replied, a smirk arising on his lips.

Without replying, Ellie walked straight past him, not making eye contact, trying to catch up with Hannah and Isabella. By the time she’d made it outside, the taxi was already waiting for them. The focus shifted in the car journey home, and the attention was now on Isabella, who was complaining about her stomach and had been letting out gas every few minutes - even the taxi driver had opened his window, before making some sexist joke about why boys should only be allowed to make that bad a smell.

Isabella was first out the taxi when it pulled up outside the house, she quickly swung the door open and raced towards the front door of the house. Hannah had already given her the key back at the party. It didn’t her long to get the front door open, and both Ellie and Hannah watched from the taxi as Isabella raced up the stairs - her hand firmly placed on her bum.

“I’ll pay.” Ellie remarked whilst opening her door.

“Sure?” Hannah asked back.

“Yeah…” Ellie replied.

Ellie watched as Hannah and the boy made their way out of the taxi and inside the house, hand in hand. Ellie could see them playfully pushing each other as they made their way up the stairs, and presumably into Hannah’s bedroom. Ellie then handed the taxi driver a ten pound note and slowly trudged back to her room on the top floor. First thing she did was rip her dress off and sit on her bed, her thong still a little damp from before. It was only now she could see the real extent of her accident. The bottom half of her dress had multiple streaks and her shoes were sticky with dried pee. It had been a truly disastrous day for her reputation.

On the floor below, Isabella was finishing up in the bathroom. Two large logs filled the toilet bowl and to Isabella’s amazement, the back of her white flowery dress was still white. On the other hand, as Isabella pulled her thong back up, she could see two skid marks. She wasn’t sure if they were actually skid marks, or sharts as she’d ran up the stairs, trying to push her poop back into inside her. Either way, at least she hadn’t had an accident unlike someones secret on the floor above.

*072*2020-09-09 10:50

{{3 hours ago, Manowar said:

Long time since my last comment, but I have read all chapters. Good work.

}}

Thanks !! I will try and finish the story soon. Only 2 or 3 more chapters to go.

Unless people want me to continue...

*073*2020-09-10 21:15

One of my favourite chapters!!

CHAPTER 19 - Freshers Night Six

Hannah and her new found boy-friend for the evening were still awake past 1:30am, they’d just finished their third round of sex and Hannah was ready to sleep. Her body was exhausted and she could feel a headache coming on, she knew the hangover was about to kick in. Hannah pulled the duvet up off the floor and over her exposed naked body.

“I should go…” The boy said whilst sitting at the end of the bed.

“Aren’t you going to stay?” Hannah asked, her voice was tired as she was still out of breath from the sex.

“Well…” The boy looked towards Hannah, “My parents are coming tomorrow at ten…”

“Oh.” Hannah replied, resting her head down on the pillow.

“Yeah and I don’t want them turning up and I’m in my house.” The boy let out a smile.

“Makes sense…” Hannah added, before continuing, “Come to the party tomorrow…?”

“Who’s it is?” The boy turned to look at Hannah.

“Just here…and we’ll go out after.” Hannah said looking back at him.

“Sure…I’ll come once my parents have gone.” The boy replied.

He then stood up and made his way to the door; Hannah threw the duvet round her breasts and quickly headed out, following the boy down the stairs.

“Thanks for tonight…” The boy said, standing in the doorway, turning to look at Hannah.

“Yeah…was fun.” Hannah replied, a smile appearing on her face.

The two kissed slowly for a moment before breaking apart. Hannah watched as he walked down the drive before closing and locking the door. She trudged back upstairs with the duvet, and as soon as she got back into bed, she fell asleep.

—-

Hannah opened and her eyes and instantly shot straight up, briefly glancing at her watch on the bedside table which read midday. There was a warm and sticky feeling to the lower half of her body. As she moved her hand down to feel her sheets, she already suspected what she’d done - she’d wet the bed. Hannah briefly touched her sheets, and her initial thoughts were confirmed. She jumped out of bed, pulling the duvet with her and surveyed the damage. There was a large ring where the sheet had darkened from the urine. It was definitely common trend for the cheerleaders, partying hard and then not using the bathroom before bed, resulting in soaked sheets.

Luckily for Hannah as she stripped the sheets off, there had been a mattress protector underneath. This had been provided with the bed - clearly the landlord had been made to change the matures in the past due to similar accidents. Hannah also took the casing out of her duvet, and pillows; she thought she might as well was the whole lot - make it look less suspicious to the other girls.

The washing machine and dryer were located in a cupboard in the kitchen, tucked away. As Hannah placed her scrunched sheets in, the kitchen door opened.

“Hey!” Isabella said, standing at the other side of the room in her gym leggings.

“Hey.” Hannah replied, caught off guard a little. “You off to the gym?”

“Yeah…” Isabella said, now holding her bottle under the tap. “Thought I’d try and get my session in early, always gets busy on a Saturday.”

“Right.” Hannah replied as she adjusted some of the knobs on the washer.

“I bet those are dirty…” Isabella said sarcastically whilst winking, referring to Hannah’s night with the boy.

Hannah laughed, “Yeah…thought I’d wash them…you know.”

Isabella returned the laugh, “I need some of my own action to be honest.”

Isabella had finished filling her bottle, and headed out of the kitchen.

“Well there’s always the party tonight…” Hannah jested as Isabella left.

—-

By nine o’clock the house was filling, it was warm September evening again. Ellie had only invited the main core of cheerleaders but that was a blurry line, and some of the girls proceeded to bring their friends which meant the house was getting a little full. Despite the large attention, it hadn’t stopped Ellie, Hannah and Isabella enjoying there Saturday night and they were spearheading a game of beer pong across the kitchen table. Isabella, who was the most sober, was clearing up and Hannah was grateful she was on her team.

As Ellie took her shot, missing miserably, she noticed something out the corner of her eye - the boy from yesterday. She certainly hadn’t invited him, but looking over at Hannah, she knew who had. Ellie’s chest felt heavy and she took another sip of her vodka coke to calm herself down. Ellie was wearing a black dress, with a revealing black bra-let and a gold belt round her waist - and was looking flawless. After yesterdays accident, she wanted to make amends.

The game of beer pong came to a pause as Hannah started chatting to the boy. Ellie used the opportunity to head back to her room - freshen herself up. Once in her room, she sprayed another puff of perfume on her neck, and used a spray of her mouth wash for her breath. As Ellie headed back down the stairs, and past Isabella’s and Hannah’s room, she was greeted by the boy. Ellie tried to keep her head down, but she knew she was easily recognisable.

“Hi again…” The boy said, standing awkwardly against the wall.

“I’m not drunk enough for this chat!” Ellie replied, scowling at him.

“Someones feisty.” The boy said, now standing up straight.

“What do you want?” Ellie asked, the anxiety in her chest deepened. “You’ve come here for Hannah, so stop ruining my evening!”

The boys eyes flickered as he contemplated his next move. “Well…I know your secret.”

“I knew this was coming…” Ellie replied quickly, looking down.

The boy laughed and took a step closer to Ellie, “Can’t wait to tell everyone…”

“Oh fuck off.” Ellie looked deep into his eyes, “You can’t prove anything.”

“Well…” The boy started but Ellie cut him off.

“What?” Ellie insisted before thinking, “Not here…”

Ellie took a step back and walked directly up her stairs, “If Hannah sees us, she’ll think we’re fucking.”

“Don’t flatter yourself.” The boy said under his breath.

Ellie took a deep breath as she entered the room; she swung herself round, catching the boy off-guard, “So?”

The boy looked confused, “What?”

“What do you want from me?” Ellie asked, pushing for an answer. There was clear tension between the two of them.

“So many ideas…” The boy replied jokingly, thinking on his feet.

There was a short pause, before both of their bodies tangled as their lips locked together. Ellie pushed her body into the boys feeling his arms wrap around her. They were locked into a steady rhythm before they broke off. Ellie was first to speak after the kiss.

“In your dreams…” Ellie said sarcastically, wiping the wetness from her lips.

The boy regained his composure, standing up straight after being pushed into the wall by Ellie. He could still smell Ellie’s perfume in the air. As he looked at Ellie, he considered his options.

“Pee yourself again then…” The boy blurted out.

“What…?!” Ellie replied, her face reddening. “No…you sick fuck.”

“Fine then…I’ll reveal the pictures.” The boy said, a smirk widening on his face - knowing full well he didn’t have any pictures.

“Are you serious?” Ellie pleaded, casually pulling her black dress back down after it had got caught up in the kiss.

The boy pulled his phone out and started typing in his passcode, it trigged Ellie, she knew she had a say something.

“Fine!” Ellie exclaimed before releasing what she’d just agreed to do, “You’re a dick!”

“This is going to be so funny…” The boy laughed as he spoke.

“And you’ll delete the pictures?” Ellie pleaded again. Her chest feeling heavy every time she thought about the accident.

“Hundred percent.” The boy replied looking down at Ellie’s bare legs.

“Can’t believe this…” Ellie sighed to herself.

“Everyone is going to see the hottest cheerleader is going to pee herself like a little girl.” The boy laughed directly at Ellie.

The words shook Ellie’s body and she bit her lip in anger. She leant forwards again, trying to diffuse the tension. The two embraced, this time for longer, their lips and bodies fighting one another. Ellie continuously pushed her body into his, feeling his boner as he rubbed it against her leg. With every grind of their bodies, Ellie got hornier - she wanted him in her bed.

They swivelled round off the wall and Ellie broke her lips loose from the boys. She looked him deep in the eye and thought about what she was about to do. One of the reasons she’d come to her room was to the use the bathroom and for the whole time they’d been kissing, she’d been loosening her bladder, gently trying to force her own pee out. It took a lot of mental effort, and when she first felt her thong get damp, she instantly stopped - she wasn’t sure if she could go through with this disgusting act.

“Shall I…” Ellie’s words broke off and she moaned as the sound of urine hitting the wooden floor filled the room.

If Ellie hadn’t felt the full effects of wetting herself last night due to shock, she did this time. Her legs shook vicariously, and with every bladder spasm, pee cascaded down her legs crashing into the wooden floor beneath her. Her thong stood no chance and was instantly getting soaked, the warm pee bypassing it and running down her legs at every angle. After a long thirty seconds, the pee came to a slow stop, and Ellie was now stood in a puddle of her own pee, her ankle socks soaked through.

Ellie was frozen. She knew her face was as red as it had ever been before. What had she been thinking? This was never going to be a good idea, and it wasn’t. She was completely disgusted with herself. She’d just peed herself on purpose! To make matters even worse she could hear footsteps coming up her stairs.

“SHIT!” Ellie said quietly to the boy, “Pretend you’re using my bathroom or something…”

Ellie waved her hands, still frozen to the spot and the boy quickly tiptoed into the en-suite, shutting the door behind him, locking it in the process.

“Ellie!?” A voice called out. It was Hannah. “Can I use your bathroom?”

“Erm…” Ellie tried to speak but she couldn’t get her words out. She was still in a state of shock.

Before Ellie could even answer back the bedroom door burst open. Hannah just stood in the doorway in her tight light blue jeans with a small white top on; pressing her hands deep into her crotch. There was a long pause as Hannah realised what she was looking at and it took a second for her to process what was going on. Ellie was just stood in the middle of her room, a puddle beneath her, still little dribbles of pee running down her legs and her socks completely wet through. Hannah had never seen Ellie look so vulnerable before, and despite Hannah trying to think otherwise, it could only mean one thing - Ellie had wet herself.

“Did you…?” Hannah stopped herself as she thought surely Ellie couldn’t have. “…have an accident?”

“Erm…well.” Ellie couldn’t hold it back anymore and a tear fell from her eye. She was humiliated. She was meant to be the hottest girl on the cheer team but was now stood in a puddle of her own piss. She knew she couldn’t even tell Hannah the truth, that would make the situation a whole lot worse than it already was.

“Oh shit.” Hannah managed to get out. She was reacting to Ellie’s situation and her own. If she didn’t get to the bathroom soon, she’d be having her own accident. A bladder spasm hit her and she shuffled towards the en-suite door; ready the yank her jeans down at the first time of asking.

Ellie continued, “The toilet was being used and I just…”

Ellie was broken off by sound of the toilet flushing and before long her en-suite door swung open. The boy appeared and by the time he’d made his way out, the door was being shut again. Hannah had raced in and had never felt relief like it when she finally started spraying her piss violently into the toilet bowl. It had been an extremely close call. When Hannah returned form the en-suite, Ellie was still stood in the same position - her legs a little apart and her body slouched.

“Ellie?” Hannah said as she made her way across the room, “Are you okay?”

Ellie’s eyes were now filled with tears. “Can you stay?”

“Sure!” Hannah exclaimed, making sure she didn’t step in the puddle. “Lets get you cleaned up.”

“I can’t believe it…” Ellie started, staring at Hannah whilst sobbing. “I pissed myself.”

“No one will know. I promise.” Hannah replied. This was a secret she knew she’d have to keep.

