Glistening in the Moonlight

Author: maunakea

*000*2016-08-28 04:41

Hey everyone, so I'm finally emerging as a lurker on this site. This is my first work of fiction, and I hope you enjoy.

###

At 3:00 AM on the last Saturday of Ethan’s final semester, Ethan and Malia sat on the rock wall framing Melody Beach, watching the waves gently lap the shoreline down below. This secluded cove was a popular destination for college students, as every night the sky would ignite in an aurora of starlight, uninterrupted by the pollutive glow of the orange street lamps back in town.

Ethan looked up at the milky jumble of constellations and took a swig from Malia’s large chrome hydroflask filled with lemonade and rum, a mixture she graciously prepared before each of the pair’s late night walks.

“I think I’m good for the night,” Ethan said, coughing lightly and handing Malia the bottle.

“Are you kidding? We haven’t even drank half of it yet!” Malia exclaimed.

Ethan eyed her sheepishly. “Oh come on, you know I have like zero tolerance for alcohol. Has it been that long since we’ve hung out?”

Malia chuckled and took a smug swig.

A small orange glow appeared further down on the beach, catching the pair’s eyes. The smoke from the small bonfire rose into the sky and dissipated in the moonlight in a light haze.

Ethan smiled wistfully. “Man, I can’t believe this whole college life is over. Tomorrow I’ll graduate and the day after that, I’ll be on my way to California and starting my internship… Enjoy this while you can Malia. These are some great years and they go by quick.”

“I may not be graduating, but I know what you mean,” Malia said, “Trust me, it does not feel like I’m halfway done with college.” She drew another sip from the flask. “ “The future is a really scary thing. You can feel it accumulating with every step you take along the way. You can see it coming and you just hope that by the time it comes, you’ll be ready. But what if I’m not ready? I feel like I’m putting it off in a bad way and once it arrives, I’ll have nowhere to go.”

Ethan glowered at her. “Well if that happens, I’ll help you out. I’ll give you direction and you’ll find somewhere to go. But I wouldn’t think about it too hard.”

The night was silent for the time being, other than the sound of the gently lapping waves and Malia’s occasional sip of alcohol. Suddenly, Malia tossed the hydroflask on Ethan’s lap and jumped up onto the sand.

“Welp, gotta pee. I’ll be right back.”

As she walked towards the port-a-potty behind the rock wall, Ethan stole a glance at Malia’s butt, the curves of which were barely peeking out from the bottom of her small, gray pajama shorts. On top, she was wearing a black, cotton tank top that cut right above her navel.

“That was fast,” Ethan noted as she arrived back. A grimace was clearly visible on her face in the glow of the moonlight.

“It was locked. Let’s start heading back, I really need to pee.”

“Well no wonder,” said Ethan holding up the hydroflask, “You sucked it dry. Thirsty much?”

She smiled and rolled her eyes. “Yeah, yeah, whatever. Come on graduate boy. Let’s get back home so you can get some sleep and I can use the bathroom.”

It took them five minutes to navigate their way through the overgrown trail of roots and vines before making it back to the orange glow of the town. By then, Malia was fidgeting slightly.

“How long did it take us to get here from our place again?”

“Um it’s a ways away. It’ll take us maybe 25 minutes to walk back if we go fast. Wanna just pee back there off the trail?”

She considered this for a brief second. “… Nah I think I’ll be okay. I can’t pee anywhere I want, unlike some people.”

Malia then took off, powerwalking briskly back towards the apartment complex the two of them had rooms in. Ethan followed in close pursuit.

As they hustled back, Ethan would hear Malia occasionally suck in air sharply through her teeth and groan. He grew concerned about her well-being once she plastered her left hand on the crotch of her shorts, but remained quiet to allow her to focus her attention on dealing with her current situation. Luckily, there were no people other than them walking the streets at this time of night.

The sweat drops on Malia’s forehead glowed in the milky starlight. “Oh my god. Oh my god. Ethan, I have never had to pee so badly in my life.”

“Hang in there, we’re just three blocks away. You can do this.”

Malia moaned in frustration and placed another hand on the crotch of her shorts.

Suddenly she stopped. Bending down, she pressed her groin hard with both of her hands and gasped.

“Shit. Shit Shit shit shit shit. Ethan give me your keys right now!”

“What??”

“KEYS NOW ETHAN!”

Shocked, Ethan pulled out his keys out of his pocket and handed them to Malia. Immediately, she swiped them away. With one hand buried deep between her legs, she awkwardly took off towards their apartment, which at this point was an entire block away.

After brief moment of stunned silence, he began to jog after her. She lived on the third floor of the apartment, while Ethan lived on the second. Her desperation must be as abysmal levels if she wasn’t even confident in making it up a second flight of stairs, Ethan mused.

Ethan lagged a good twenty feet behind Malia and noticed that there was a trail of dark droplets that stood out on the light gray pavement. He followed his gaze up to Malia and made out a small wet patch on the back of her shorts. Even from this distance, Ethan could see several tiny streams riveting down Malia’s thighs, dripping slowly past her knees, calfs, and finally to her feet, where her flip flops flicked them up into he air slightly, only to have them then patter lightly on the pavement.

Malia disappeared into the concrete stairwell of their apartment. When Ethan caught up, he noticed that the droplets grew significantly larger as he progressed up the stairs. He followed them, turned the corner, and saw Malia, desperately trying to get in his apartment.

Her legs were crossed and shaking. The apartment porch light betrayed the streams that went down the front and back of her legs. She fumbled with his keys, unable to quickly identify which one served the function of letting her in the apartment and saving her from having a full-blown accident.

Once she found the key that most resembled her own, she shoved her left hand back into her groin area, trying in vain to stem the impending flow. At last, she just needed to enter the apartment, rush to the bathroom, and obtain glorious relief. However, circumstances had other plans.

Threading the key through the hole proved too difficult a task in her current intoxicated and desperate state. Her hand shook. Her body jolted each second when a new drop of pee left her urethra and joined the streams running down her legs. Tears welled up in the corner of her eyes and she bit her lower lip in despair. It was too late.

Malia’s drops turned into leaks, which turned into a large spurt. This caused Malia to cry out, drop the keys on the ground, and bury both of her hands into her nether region. More liquid streamed down, and soon Malia was standing in a small puddle.

Another spurt. Another cry in vain. The puddle grew.

It was time to give in.

Malia removed her hands from her soaked crotch, buried her face in them, and began to sob quietly. Suddenly, the dam broke. The liquid that had been slowly and surely been leaking from her girlhood could be contained no longer. It spilled out forcefully, coming out through her shorts as a distinct stream of pee. The puddle grew on the concrete floor and spilled out over the balcony and onto the grass below. Ethan could do nothing but watch in horror as his best friend spent the next 20 seconds emptying the contents of her bladder right in front of his room.

Ethan awkwardly bent down next to her and put his hand on Malia’s shoulder as she continued to weep. He tried to ignore the odor of pee that was permeating the night air.

After a few minutes, Malia’s breathing calmed down. She looked up at Ethan with tears in her eyes.

“Oh my god, this is so embarrassing. I can’t believe I just pissed myself in front of you.”

Ethan smiled and wiped the tears off Malia’s cheek with his thumbs.

“I’m just happy you didn’t make it inside, or you would have ruined my carpet.”

Malia frowned and slapped Ethan’s cheek playfully.

Ethan picked up his keys, entered his apartment, and brought out a towel and a mop and bucket. He handed the towel to Malia.

“Take this, also you can keep it when you’re done with it,” he said.

“Thanks…”

“I’ll handle cleaning up, you don’t worry about it. Go get some rest, I’ll kill you if you oversleep my graduation.”

Malia blushed, gave Ethan a quick hug, careful not to make any contact with her shorts, and wiped her legs and feet before removing her flip flops.

“Night Ethan,” she said sheepishly. She then turned around and headed back to the stairwell.

Wow, thought Ethan, as Malia walked away, the butt of her shorts now dark gray and soaking wet. What a great night to end it on.

