Ticklish Kryptonian

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2020-05-01 10:06

Kara was incredible at what she did. As Supergirl, she could lift planes with just her two hands, fly anywhere she wanted, save people day after day and so on and so forth - and all the while maintain a somewhat normal life, except not really. All that power aside - Kara Danvers was kind of ticklish. That's how she would put it, when she had to admit it at least, especially at a time like this.

"Lena! Stop!" Kara yelled out as Lena tickled her sides just a little. As much as she didn't want anybody to know, she had a kind of another secret life. Every now and then, she'd invite Lena Luthor over to her cozy little apartment and submit to her. Something about Lena's natural dominance made Kara want to do anything Lena said.

"You're just really cute when you squirm in that new suit," Lena smiled a little bit evil.

"I told you, I'm just kind of ticklish!" Kara rolled her eyes.

"Kind of? I really think you're more than kind of ticklish," Lena replied, tickling her sides more.

Kara jolted up, trying to resist hitting Lena so hard she put her in the stratosphere. "Okay! Fine, more than kind of," Kara broke down.

"How much more?" Lena said, wiggling her fingers in front of Kara.

"Okay, Lena, really ticklish," Kara said, looking down a bit in embarrassment.

"Like.. laugh and punch me off the planet ticklish, or pee your pants ticklish?" Lena said teasingly. Kara looked back almost visibly offended for a minute, only because of how hard it hit home. Flashbacks of the one time Alex had tickled Kara at the wrong time ran through her head.

"Definitely punching you off the planet ticklish," Kara teased back.

Lena loved seeing Kara Danvers in this position, sitting next to her on the couch with that tight uniform, willing to do anything she said. She also liked that Kara had a little bit of attitude every now and then.

"So you've never been tickled so bad you peed your pants?" Lena laughed a bit, doubt in her voice. She was just meaning to tease, but part of her was also kind of curious.

Kara focused ahead on the TV, they were originally trying to watch a movie. "Uhhh, I-I don't think so," Kara stuttered a bit.

"You're a terrible liar, Supergirl," Lena said, her right arm wrapped around Kara's side, dragging her fingers over her side.

Kara blushed a bit, trying to think of a quick way to change the topic. "I don't think you're getting out of this question," Lena said watching Kara look puzzled for a few seconds.

"Fine, maybe like.. once," Kara replied under her breath, her cheeks getting a bit redder.

Lena smiled at her, then looked forward to the TV screen. Kara bought it for a second, thinking the whole tickling conversation might be finally over until Lena dug her fingers into Kara's sides at full force. Kara burst out laughing, trying her hardest to contain herself.

"I hate you so much right now!" The flustered Kryptonian said to Lena, a little frustrated but more embarrassed.

"Why? Do you need to pee or something?" Lena teased.

Kara looked down for a second, her cheeks now pretty red.

"Use your words, Kara."

"Well, yes, but I -" Kara got cut off. "I think you should hold it." Lena said.

Kara looked at her, trying not to show too much frustration on her face, she couldn't give Lena that satisfaction yet. Kara knew Lena had a wetting kink, Lena told her she'd done it with a few of her partners, but Kara had never tried.

"Okay, I'll try," Kara said, still red in the face. Immediately after saying that, she felt Lena tracing her fingers over her side again. She hated it but loved it at the same time.

Lena admired Kara, her long blonde hair, how she managed to look so regal in her Supergirl outfit, even this new one with the tight pants. She loved it when Kara would submit to her, call her mistress, beg or anything. Lena just loved being in control.

Kara took this time to regain her composure. She really had to pee, and she really didn't want to admit it. To pee her pants in her uniform? She'd probably be the first superhero to do that. Probably not a good look. Suddenly, the TV turned off, she looked over to see Lena with the remote in her hand as she took her other arm out from behind Kara. Lena tossed it to the side, and got on Supergirl's lap. Kara could feel Lena's tight denim jeans rubbing against her outfit. Lena looked down at Kara, putting her hand on her face and softly pulling her in to kiss her.

In the tender moment, Lena used the element of surprise to give Kara a little tickle attack. "Lena! Mistress, please," Kara begged, quickly pulling away from the kiss and giving her the puppy-dog eyes that always made Lena's heart melt. Lena stopped for a second, but kept going. It took all of Kara's raw strength to not flail her arms and hurt Lena, and with that she suddenly lost control of her bladder - but only for a split second.

"L-Lena! Please, I leaked!" Kara said out loud, not even realizing what she had just admitted. Lena looked down at her again, Kara's back against the couch and face full of the cutest nervous expression she'd ever seen. She looked down further, and realized Kara had actually leaked a bit in her pants. A small baseball sized wet spot that was a dark, wet navy blue surrounded her crotch area of the deep blue pants.

Lena gasped mockingly, putting her hand to her mouth. "Did Supergirl just pee her pants?" Lena said teasingly.

Kara was squirming desperately underneath her, she couldn't even find the words to reply, but she had to say something. "Please, Lena? I see the bathroom just literally over there!" Kara said in a fury, pointing to her apartment bathroom.

Lena had that evil expression on her face again. "No, I definitely want to see you pee your pants, Kara. Or should I say Supergirl."

Kara blushed hard. She couldn't just.. obey, could she?

To be continued.

###

So this was a little something I wrote up pretty quick, I think it's kind of cute. If ya'll like it, I'll do a continuation! Might throw some other characters in there.

