The Misadventures of Michelle. I - The Dive Bar

Author: mystic dreamer

*000*2025-07-12 23:07

This is the first in a series of stories.

In the darkness of the dive bar, Michelle leaned forward to touch the hand of the young man who had offered to buy her a drink. He had approached her with a bold and confident attitude. She was fairly certain it wasn’t the first time he’d picked up a cougar.

“So tell me, Allen, just what is it you do for a living?”

“I’m an escrow agent at that title company over on Beardon Avenue.”

“I see.” Michelle gave him her most inviting smile, as if to say: Relax, Allen, you’ve already won your slutty old cougar for the evening. She tapped his hand again with her long, manicured fingernails. “Doesn’t it sometimes seem like a… well, a rather dull job for a young man of… how old did you say you are?”

“I didn’t say, but I’m twenty-eight. I guess some people would find it boring. I’m okay with it, though.”

Michelle leaned back. He was fifteen years younger than her own forty-three years. Not too bad. She would have preferred it if he were smarter. But if he truly believed that a job at the title and escrow company was interesting, she couldn’t expect much in the brain department.

Michelle twisted her long dark hair around her finger. She sighed. She adjusted the orange tee-shirt that had been cut off just below her breasts. She watched his gaze. He wasn’t staring at her tits. Maybe he wasn’t a tit man. At least he wasn’t staring at her big bare midriff and thinking that she was a fat old broad.

Then again, her relaxed posture ensured that the faded denim skirt she wore – so short that it could have been mistaken for a belt – concealed absolutely nothing. Yes, that was where his eyes kept glancing. He couldn’t stop looking up her skirt. Perhaps she ought to give him an even better view? It wouldn’t be the first time in history that a woman on a bar stool had conquered a man with some creative panty-flashing.

“I suppose any job can be interesting if your co-workers are fun to be with.”

“Sometimes my co-workers are just plain weird. Every time she sneezes, Jenny Pendleton wets her pants. And she has really serious pollen allergies. She sneezes a lot.”

Oh ho! thought Michelle. Maybe I’ve struck gold! Maybe tonight would be a night to remember! There was something in the way he’d said it. Disgust? No. Humor? That’s what he was trying for, but… Lust? Michelle hoped she wasn’t wrong in thinking she had detected an undertone of excitement.

She had to find out for sure….

He had tried to make it sound humorous. Michelle obliged him by laughing. She knew it had been only half a joke and she knew she was over-doing it with the laughter. But if she was right about him, over-doing it just might pay off. She nudged herself even closer to Allen, and this time she held his hand tightly.

“Please! Don’t make me laugh too hard! Your co-worker isn’t the only woman of a… well, of a certain age… who, uh… experiences similar difficulties. As a matter of fact, there are quite a lot of them.”

Now, she thought, let me just deliver the knockout punch. “Yes indeed. There are, uh… quite a lot of US.”

Just the slightest accent on the word “us.” It wasn’t the first time she’d played this little game to discover whether or not a potential friend with benefits had “the fetish.” She’d pulled this stunt a few months ago – to no avail, and it became clear that the man didn’t have “the fetish” at all. She’s tried it six months ago, too, and that had been a wild and passionate night indeed – they had ripped the sheets apart.

“Buy me another drink?” she smiled. He was definitely excited. Was he crossing his legs to disguise the size of his hard-on? No need to hide it, Allen!

Okay, girl. Lean back. Cross and uncross your legs and flash the daylights out of him. Drink some of the water. Drink more. Finish the margarita with a big hearty gulp. Make it clear to him that you’re filling up with liquids and getting drunk in the process. Make it clear to any guy with “the fetish” that he just might strike gold.

He ordered her another drink. She gulped the drink down quickly and finished the water. She asked for more. She looked at the front of his pants. Oh Allen! Your dick is so hard it’s about to just rip through those britches of yours.

That was when Michelle made up her mind to go for the gusto.

And that was when Allen said, “I’ll be right back. I have to hit the men’s room.”

What you mean, young man, is that you need to tend to your throbbing hard-on. But don’t shoot the wad, darlin’. I don’t think you will, though. You’ve already got the bedroom on your mind.

Okay, this was perfect. He was gone for the moment. Close your eyes, Michelle. Relax your muscles and… LET…GO!

She’d begun exploring her kinks fourteen years ago, and she’d been exploring this one for a decade now. She could cut loose almost as effortlessly as a baby. She gasped with sensual delight as the dribble became a stream, as the warm and lovely liquid surged through her underwear and soaked her big rear end. She didn’t want to make such a flood that urine poured off the bar stool and flooded the floor and got her tossed out of the bar on her fat wet butt, but she kept on peeing, cautiously. She knew that the back of her faded denim skirt would be soaked by now. Be careful, Michelle. It’s starting to run down your legs now. She was wet down to the spot where the clasps of her garter belt held up her stockings. She couldn’t go much farther without risking a flood.

But the excitement was so powerful now that she felt like she could barely breathe. There was nothing, absolutely nothing, that gave her such a sexy thrill as wetting her pants in public.

And here came Allen. “Hi,” was all he said. Her little remark about “women of a certain age” had been enough to render him speechless.

Time for the coup de grace.

Jennifer at the title company was one who sneezed. Michelle decided to be one who coughed.

“Oh!” She coughed and coughed. She almost doubled over. Allen asked her if she was okay. The bartender asked her if she was okay. Michelle gasped and said, “I’m fine!” Cough, cough, cough! “I just swallowed some ice the wrong way.”

The guys nodded their heads. Michelle had just swallowed some ice the wrong way. She was fine.

I’m more than fine, thought Michelle. I just soaked my undies in a public place and I feel as sexy as hell.

“Oh, Allen, I…I’m SO sorry.“

Allen was confused. “Sorry? Sorry about what? What’s wrong, Michelle?”

“Oh Allen, I… I was SO hoping we could… uh, well, get to know each other a lot better tonight. I think you know what I mean.”

His head was bobbing like an ornament in someone’s car.

“But now you’re not going to want to be with me after all. You see…” She paused. “What I just told you about, uh, women of a certain age? I coughed too hard, and…” Nice long pause for maximum effect! “I…uh…had a little accident.”

“You mean….”

“Uh-huh. And I know you don’t want me anymore but now, you see, I’m kind of scared. Because if I’m drunk enough to—” She whispered in his ear. “—to wet my pants—” She looked him right in the eye as she said, “I wonder if it’s safe for me to drive home.”

“Don’t worry, Michelle, I’ll take you home.”

She nearly laughed at how quickly he had said it. Trying to hold herself together instead of bursting into laughter made her wet herself a little more. Oh, how good it felt!

Allen asked for the tab. Quickly, he paid it. Michelle hopped off the bar stool. Even in the semi-darkness, Allen wouldn’t be able to avoid noticing that her whole rear end was thoroughly drenched. At least he knew how to play the gentleman, wrapping his coat around her to cover up the wet spot. As if he were warming her up – on a summer night when it was eighty degrees. Okay, some people would probably intuit the real story, but that just made Michelle feel sexier and more deeply aroused.

Allen only waited until they had exited the dive bar and begun their walk through the dimly lit parking lot. That was when he surrendered to the fetish, slipped his hand under her skirt, and touched her wet underwear because he just couldn’t help himself.

Oh yes, thought Michelle. It’s going to be a lovely night.

