Cambodian epic

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-08-02 00:30

Cambodian epic

This story contains mainly female desperation but there are mentions of male desperation, although its not the main focus for anyone not into it but curious about the story.

“Fuck” Chris swore as he fell onto the ice for what felt like the 10th time. Rolling over he could see Alice doing her best to hide her laughter before offering him a gloved hand.

“Are you ok?” She said helping him back to his feet.

“Physically yeah, not sure my ego can take much more of this though” Chris joked, accepting her hand and being pulled from the cold surface.

When his friend had set up this almost blind date he had reluctantly agreed, partly just to stop her from going on about how she had the perfect girl for him for the millionth time. In his mind he had pictured a quiet coffee where the two of them could chat, never picturing himself ice skating.

“Well, I can always leave you down there.” Alice retorted, raising an eyebrow.

“That would probably be safer” Chris replied, brushing himself down. He should have figured this wouldn’t be the romantic type of skating they always showed on TV. When they arrived at the rink Alice had pulled out her own skates, a sure sign she was good at this. She had tried to downplay it, telling him that the skates she wore for games were totally different, but her Ice hockey training was clearly paying off. Thankfully they had come late in the day so the place was getting quiet, giving him plenty of room to gingerly put one skate in front of the other.

“The faster you go, the more stable you are” Alice said, gracefully sweeping off across the ice at some speed. Despite her short and somewhat stocky body, she sure seemed elegant and light on her toes.

Stepping off Chris took a deep breath, taking longer strides he started to make some good progress. At least it was to him, “On your left” Alice said as she swept passed.

“You know this isn’t quite how I imagined this turning out” he joked as she passed him.

“What did you imagine you would be doing the hand holding” she said winking at him before turning around and doing another lap.

“Well I thought there would be at least some hand holding”, Chris joked again. But somehow, he survived the next couple of hours of skating and even managed not to fall over again, although a big part of that was because Alice had eventually come to his aid. The pair of them skating around with their arms interlocked, chatting about anything and everything. It was a nice day and Chris quickly found himself falling for her, there was just something about her confident sincerity that made her easy and fun to talk too.

“Hey, do you want to get a drink” he asked as they changed out of their skates, the rink closing down around them.

“Yeah that would be nice, I know a good place down by the harbour but it’s a bit of a walk” Alice said.

Returning his skates to the desk Chris watched as Alice finished off her third hot chocolate of the day, yet she made no move to visit the toilets. In fact as he watched her, she showed no signs of needing to pee at all. For most people this wouldn’t have been something worth noticing, but for Chris this was a dream come true. Bladder size was never something he thought less of a partner for lacking, especially given how many women he had dated that seemed to pee every hour. But to meet someone who could hold it easily was just another thing he was starting to love about Alice.

Sitting on the harbour hours later they had spent the night talking and laughing, the alcohol taking away any remaining nervousness the two felt towards each other. Noticing the sky starting to lighten above them they looked out over the water as the sun started to rise in front of them. Reaching over Chris put his hand in Alice’s, who looked at him fondly as their eyes met. His heart skipping a beat they leaned in for their first kiss, just as the sun peaked over the horizon.

Sitting on the first train of the morning he watched as Alice’s train departed the other direction, his mind going over the events of the day. They had been together for 12 amazing hours, yet it had felt like just a few. But the one thing he couldn’t shake from his mind was the fact Alice hadn’t visited the ladies’ room once. Not only had she had already beaten out any other woman he had dated, she didn’t even seem to be desperate yet. In fact she was giving away no signs at all that her bladder was filling, had he finally met the one that shared his large bladdered status.

Over the next few weeks the pair of them went out a number of times, the connection they felt on the first date only getting stronger as they got to know each other. It seemed they had the perfect combination of similar interests and hobbies, while also having a few that would push the other person into new things. Chris had enjoyed his retribution for the ice skating with a long mountain hike one weekend. Alice’s had stared out confident but by the 20th mile she had been really struggling. However, the interest Chris had felt most strongly about that first day was also getting more and more interesting. Not once did Alice request to visit the ladies room on any of their dates, even on the hike which had seen her go 14 hours without showing any signs of needing to go despite drinking litres of water. Even Chris’s bladder had been beginning to feel full by the time they got back, he couldn’t help but start to wonder about how much she could hold?

But as he stood there watching her now, today was something else entirely. They had been invited on a murder mystery train ride by one of Alice’s friends for their birthday, with him as her +1. Arriving at 8am the group had changed into a variety of period costumes, 3-piece tailcoats for the men and puffy formal dresses for the women. It had taken a lot of getting use to and Alice had made several comments about her corset being too stiff at the time, but now almost 10 hours later he was sure it must be having another effect. They were close to solving the mystery but while Chris was sure it was the train guard, most of the others were blaming the dead mans wife. Even though he was almost certain they were wrong, he was happy to watch things unfold since he didn’t want to ruin it for the others. Equally, he was enjoying watching Alice getting into the challenge, his mind running a little wild with the fact she still hadn’t peed today.

The pair of them had been planning on an exotic getaway soon, so to save money they had decided not to get a hotel for the night and instead travel up early in the morning. Setting off at just before 3am the drive down had been a long one, but with very few other people on the road and only one stop for petrol and coffee they had made good time. Arriving as the second group they had been offered the pick of the costumes, with the staff members advising them to use the facilities before getting dressed since it could be “tricky” to do so later.

Chris had felt a little need to go at the time, but he was sure he would have been able to hold it for many more hours. But given he hadn’t gone since before bed around 12 hours previous to their arrival, he was worried it might impact their departure or travel after the days entertainment. Not wanting to waste time later and since they were currently just standing around waiting for the others, it had seemed as good a time as ever to pee and not get in the way of anything else. Emerging from the bathrooms he had noted Alice still chatting with her friend, seemingly having no intention of using the facilities on board.

Now at almost 5pm and 15 hours since Alice had taken her morning pee she stood with her legs pressed together as she investigated their most recent clue. Chris marvelled at her composed nature, if you hadn’t known how long it had been since she had tasted relief, it would have been hard to notice anything at all. Maybe he had finally found the one, the woman that could give even his bladder a run for its money.

“What do you think Chris” Alice asked, breaking him out of his bladder revere.

“It looks forged to me” He said, looking down at the note he had only being paying half attention too.

“What do you mean?” Alice asked, the others turning to look at him. Chris had been doing his best not to annoy the others, but this was the second time he had shot down something they were exited about. It wasn’t his fault, he had spent most of his childhood reading old mystery novels he found in his dads office. Apparently they had made him good at this sort of thing.

“Look at the smear in the ink, that was written by someone left handed” He replied, pointing to a couple of smudges in the ink.

“So, how would we know what hand the Duke was, he is dead” Nora asked, a girlfriend of one of the other friends.

Pointing to the self portrait of the duke in the carriage, “Well, he holds his sword in his right hand” he said plainly, meaning that the note implicating his wife was a forgery and she might not have been to blame!

“Awesome!” A couple of the other guests said happily, looking down at the note and to the painting again.

“You’re amazing” Alice whispered to him as she leaned over to kiss him. Inhaling sharply as their bodies pressed against each other for a moment.

“Are you ok?” Chris asked, genuinely concerned for her. Alice’s bladder and peeing habitats may have been a marvel to him, but he still had genuine feelings for her.

“Yeah, it’s the corset, its kind of making me have to pee” Alice said, bobbing slightly once for emphasis.

“I can help you out of it if you need to go?” He said, part of him hoping she would decline and continue to hold.

“No im ok, Its just the corset, im not full yet”. She replied, smiling sweetly and with a final kiss went back to look at the clues. The group now looking for anyone that was left-handed, while Chris stood there thinking things couldn’t get better. Just that phrase, im not full yet. Did that mean she only ever pee’d once she thought she was full? Is that how she had trained herself to last so long, possibly even longer than he could? Chris’s mind was a flood with questions he desperately wanted to get to the bottom of, but that would have to come later. For now he was just enjoying knowing she was struggling with a filling bladder but had no intention of letting any of it out for the foreseeable future.

After a few more clues the group was slowly coming to the realisation that it was indeed the train guard like he thought, but Chris was far from annoyed now he had the added bonus of the longer it took them to solve it, the more he would learn about Alice’s true capacity. She was still stood with her legs closely pressed against each other, with Chris spotting the occasional wince whenever she moved to quickly or pressed into something. He was sure she must have been suffering and yet she made no move to the ladies room, her strength was something to behold. The desperate spectacle lasted for another two hours until finally with the evidence collected they used their one guess and accused the actor playing the guard.

“Congratulations, you have correctly guessed It was me” He said, bowing slightly and a number of cheers and high fives going around the group. The dead duke in the corner suddenly waking up from his slumped pose.

“Please enjoy your prize” the actors said as a number of period dressed waiters and waitresses carried out a couple of glasses of champagne for them each. As the designated driver Chris had to decline, with Alice quickly jumping on the free drink and claiming a third while giving away the other to her friend whose birthday it was. Chatting for a while the group enjoyed themselves, talking about the day and old stories they must have shared a dozen times. By 8pm the drinks had been finished and the staff were getting ready to close the event down.

“Oh god, I have got to get this thing off.” Alice complained as she shuffled towards the women’s changing area.

“yeah I have a new appreciation for just wearing a bra” her friend Sarah said, fiddling with the clasps and breathing out heavily as the metal cage released its grip on her. Unfortunately, Alice had worn her’s under the long formal dress and that meant release was still a little ways away.

Walking into the mens room Chris quickly undressed from his dapper suit, contemplating asking where to get one of the blue waistcoats from. He wasn’t usually one to wear a suit given his lanky frame that meant they often sat awkwardly. But he had to admit today's suit hadn’t actually looked half bad on him, a fact that Alice had made him aware of. Settling for taking a photo of the name tag he made his way out to wait from Alice.

A few minutes later she came out, her large old-fashioned dress replaced with a much more modern long slim fitted green one.

“Shall we dear” Chris said in as posher accent as he could manage and holding out his arm for her too take. Slotting her arm through his, the pair made their way out to their waiting car. Despite the event taking part in an old train carriage, it hadn’t actually gone anywhere.

“Thank you for today, that was good fun” Alice said, giving his arm a quick squeeze as they walked side by side.

“Yeah it was, I like your friends” Chris responded.

Laughing in the moonlight Alice’s emerald eyes seemed to almost shine, “Even if that’s not true, thank you for saying it.” She chuckled. Chris wasn’t a massive people person, but he could hold his own in these events. Plus, it was his sometimes-bashful nature that had attracted her to Chris in the first place.

Unlocking the Car she gave him a quick peck on the cheek before getting in herself.

“Ooof” Alice sighed, landing in the seat heavily and clearly tired out by the days events. Her Shoes already thrown into the back as she stretched out her legs and using a hand to massage her abdomen.

“You ok?” Chris asked, knowing full well what was probably bothering her.

“Yeah that corset was a killer, really squeezed down on my bladder” She said, still looking down at herself and missing Chris’s slight blush.

“I, if you need to go I can wait, if they are not closed.” He replied, wondering if the last bit would be enough to put her off. Now almost 18 hours since her last visit to the ladies room he really wanted to see how much she could handle. Although he would never want her to suffer for his own amusement, this was just too good of a chance and he could always stop later if she asked him too.

“Oh no its ok I can last, I know you wouldn’t want to be stopping anyway” She said, looking up from the small bulge in her abdomen that was appearing now the corsets affects were diminishing.

“I um…sorry?” Chris asked blushing again, had she sussed him out?

“I mean whenever we go somewhere you never seem to pee either. Its quite nice to finally meet someone who isn’t dashing off to the toilets every five minutes, gives us more time to enjoy whatever we are doing, don’t you think?” Alice said much to his shock.

Chris couldn’t agree more, “Yeah, it can really spoil the moment if someone wastes 30 minutes Queuing for a toilet.” He replied, wanting to pry a little more but not reveal himself. “So…do you hold it often?” he continued.

“I wouldn’t exactly say I hold it, but I just hate wasting time peeing when I could just learn to hold it. It’s a shame so few people think like us though.”

“Yeah, peeing is such an inconvenience” He laughed, trying to gage her reaction, was she into this too? A smile spread across her face as she chuckled lightly, looking down into the footwell of the car.

Deciding that was far enough to push it Chris turned the key and the car started, pulling out of the railway junction they began the five hour drive home with Alice’s bladder still full. If she could make it back to his that would be almost a full 24 hours without a toilet break. Such a feat was uncommon even for him, other than when he was on his own and really wanted to test his own limits. Doing it with such composure while being out in public would probably be beyond even him, a fact that was swirling in his head as he pulled onto the main road. Pushing it to the back of his mind he continued to drive and then to his amazement he watched as Alice rummaged around in the bags they had packed this morning, pulling out two large energy drinks she handed him one and opened the other for herself.

Soon both were empty, but Alice displayed little in the way of desperation. Chris wasn’t sure if that was what he wanted or not. The size her bladder had to be in order to do this was amazing to him, but he couldn’t help but kind of feel like he was missing out on seeing her desperate. It was unlikely he would ever get as good a chance, but again the same part of him hoped she wouldn’t show any signs during their drive.

As the clock in the car rolled around to the following day he could see their turn off from the motor way, entering the off ramp he glanced over at Alice. She had fallen asleep a couple of hours into the drive, she had slumped down slightly and was sitting with her legs apart but wriggling slightly. Coming to a stop at a red light at the bottom of the ramp he heard her stir next to him.

“Oh good, were almost back.” She said, stretching her arms and sitting up her in chair again. Taking a deep breath she seemed to press her legs together for a moment but that could have just been her stretching again as a few moments later her relaxed posture was back.

“You doing ok” Chris asked as the light turned green and they started moving again.

“Yeah, although I could do with a bathroom break.” She said calmly

“You want me to find somewhere?”

“What, Oh no sorry. Were only like 30 minutes away I can hold it that long. I just meant I need to pee, but I’ll be fine.” She said, smiling at him.

“Yeah im not surprised you need to go, considering how long its been.” Chris said before realising how that must have sounded. Was she going to be creeped out by him keeping track of how long it had been since she had last gone.

“Yeah, but we had so little to drink during the day, if it hadn’t been for that corset I would have been fine earlier and now its probably just those last glasses of champagne and the energy drink catching up with me. Energy drinks always seem to make me need to pee more.” She finished off, the last casual comment being saved in the back of Chris’s mind under important.

Pulling up to his house and turning the car off Chris could feel the long day taking its toll, but even in is tiredness he was impressed with how composed Alice still seemed to be. Unlocking the door he expected her to make a mad dash to the toilet, but instead she said she was going to get changed into something more comfortable. Kicking her shoes off into the corner of the room she made her way up the stairs, disappearing into the bedroom.

Walking into the kitchen Chris poured himself a large glass of water, aware that Alice had been right about not drinking much through the day. As the size of his bladder had increased over the years so had his drinking habitats, often having about a gallon of water or other things a day. Due to their activities on the train he had probably only managed about half of that today and could feel his throat starting to itch. Downing a second large glass Alice walked back into the room, now dressed in some loose-fitting jogging bottoms and crop top that she used as her night wear.

“Good idea” she said, walking over and pouring herself a large glass of water. The rushing water clearly having an impact on need to pee as for the first time ever Chris got to witness a sure sign of her desperation. He left leg was standing on its toes as she almost crossed her legs, still standing by the sink and steadily drinking.

“I thought you said you had to pee” Chris said, confused by her actions but still enjoying the show.

“Yeah I do, but I definitely didn’t drink enough today. So if im about to pee it all out I should probably make up for it right?.” Alice said, although Chris wasn’t sure that was how it worked.

“Ahh” She said finishing her tall glass, turning the tap back on Chris thought she was going for another, but instead she calmly washed the cup and put it back in the cupboard. “Now, I really do need to go” Alice said, walking back out of the room and to the upstairs bathroom.

Following her up a few minutes later Chris could still hear the heavy stream of her pee thundering into the toilet bowl as he passed the door, marvelling at the strength and length of her pee. Alice truly did have a iron bladder, one that he hoped to find the limits of one day.

Waking up the next morning Chris rolled over to see the bed empty, Alice already up and about it seemed. Walking into the kitchen he found her pouring over the travel brochures they had been looking at for the past week.

“Morning” Chris said, pouring himself a glass of apple juice from the fridge. “Want anything?”

“Hey, no im good thanks” Alice said holding up an empty coffee cup that he guessed she had just finished.

“Early start?” He joked.

“Yeah sorry, I think that nap in the car threw off my sleep. But on the plus side I think I managed to find a way to do that package holiday we wanted to do without it being too expensive.”

“Really?” Chris said excitedly.

“Yeah look, instead of the two week package that includes hotels we can do two separate one week packages. The first includes a bit of camping and there is one less day trip, but it cuts the price down by more than half!” Alice said happily as she pushed over the booklet so Chris could see.

“That sounds amazing, but the campsite here is a bit out of the way isn’t it?”

“It is, but they arrange transport for us so we don’t have to worry.”

“Amazing, I haven’t been camping since I was a kid so it will be good fun. Although im not sure what the facilities will be like in Cambodia.” Chris responded, having not peed since yesterday morning he could feel the urge building.

“Yeah I’ve been reading a bit about that on the internet. It seems like they can be an issue, it’s a good thing we are both good at holding.” Alice joked.

“True, I assume we won’t be using them that often anyway.” Chris replied, glad to have found someone like himself.

“Yeah, who wants to waste time finding a bathroom instead of just enjoying the culture and country. If we only have 2 weeks we should make the most of it, standing in line for a dingy toilet is not the culture I want to experience.” She continued, the sentiment being music to Chris’s ears.

“Exactly, I feel like we should use our bladders to really make the most of it you know?” He added, trying to play down how excited he was for this trip now. Not only was he going to a new country, he was doing it with a beautiful woman who was determined to use her big bladder to make the most of it.

“True. In that case I think we should try and avoid using them as much as possible and just hold it, If you are ok with that?” She added not wanting to put him on the spot, unaware of how close Chris was to just fainting on the spot.

“Its what we do here anyway, I don’t see any reason why it would be a problem. Like you say, the more we hold it then the more time we get to experience the sites.” He finished, taking a sip from his drink and looking over Alice’s shoulder at another leaflet. If she had meant what she had said about pushing herself to pee as infrequently as possible Chris was starting to worry about himself. He had never seen her as desperate as she had been yesterday and that had been barely anything. If he wanted to keep up and try and out last her, he was going to have to do a bit of training before they went to make sure his bladder was in top shape. He didn’t want to be the one ending their enjoyment and holds prematurely.

.....

Stepping off the plane 6 weeks later they were both overcome by the heat and humidity, despite it being November the outside temperature was reported to be 37 degrees (98 F) by the captain. They had planned the winter get away for this very reason, but having left the cold wet and miserable UK weather behind 15 hours ago, it was a real shock to the system. Looking out across the single runway they had just landed on, Chris could see the heat lines distorting the horizon and feel the heat coming from the metal stairs through his shoes as they stepped down them.

“Should we get some water?” Alice asked as they made their way through the small airport, security and arrivals taking just a few minutes to get through since they seemed to be the only plane that had arrived at that time.

“Sure, I could go for a drink” Chris replied, the recycled air in the plane drying his throat out despite the several drinks that he and Alice had been given.

“No, I meant should we stock up. If we are camping out there we might not have a good water source and with this heat we should really keep our fluids up.”

“Brilliant idea.” Chris responded happy that one of them was thinking ahead. “We have about 30 minutes till the tour bus leaves so we have plenty of time.”

Grabbing their bags they found the small shopping area, picking up an extra holdall and filling it with dozens of bottles of water. It would be a bit of a pain to lug around all the time, but hopefully they could just leave it on the tour bus during the day and only need to carry it around at night to their camping sites. Pus, given how much they drank it was kind of a necessity with clean water at a premium.

Walking out to the bus they each took a couple of large bottles and then put the carry all in the bottom of the brightly painted bus, ordained in colourful images of Cambodia and its tourist traps. Finding their seats they uncapped the first of their bottles, listening intently to the tour guide as he talked about the trips for the rest of the week. The plane had arrived late in the evening so today was nothing more than travelling, the bus simply taking them to a hotel in the nearby town for the first night. Driving down the darkening roads it was hard to see much beyond the headlights of the bus, the silhouettes of the city almost making it seem like they were still in mainland Europe.

They arrived at the hotel a couple of hours later, the evening sky now in complete darkness other than the moon and numerous stars. Looking up Chris couldn’t help but be amazed by the night sky, the lack of light pollution revealing the extent of the universe in a weird way. Carrying the large bag of water up to their shared room they dropped it near the door. It wasn’t exactly the Ritz but it was still nice, a large double bed taking up much of the room. The days travelling had really taken it out of him as he felt almost magnetically attracted to the bed, and beating off the requests of his bladder. Neither of them had used a bathroom since setting off more than 24 hours earlier, but as he sank into the bed it tilted suddenly as Alice joined him. They stayed there for a few minutes, eyes closed and listening to the insects outside their window. The occasional shout from another hotel guest punctuating the dark.

“Chris….I know we said we were going to try and pee as few times as possible but I think im going to use the one here. Its not like we are missing out on anything right?” Alice said, rolling over to look at him.

“Sure, im going to wait till morning im kind of comfortable” he replied, despite the large weight in his abdomen he was sure he could easily hold it one night and after a few moments of contemplation she seem to agree. “That might be better, give us even more time between bathroom breaks so we can experience even more.” Alice replied, rolling over and burrowing her head into the pillows.

Waking up the following morning Chris could already hear her stream pouring noisily into the toilet, his beautiful girlfriend apparently waking with an even fuller bladder and wanting to take care of it right away. As he laid there the noise of her pee making his own bladder twitch he couldn’t think of a better way to start the day or even their holiday.

Standing Chris walked over to the windows to draw the blinds, looking out over the city for the first time. The hustle and bustle familiar yet completely foreign, the narrow streets filled with motorbikes and market stalls being pushed along.

“Sorry, did I wake you?” Alice asked behind him.

“No, its ok.” He said stretching out the kinks in his muscles from the flight yesterday.

“If you go pee I’ll get ready and we can go grab some breakfast before we head out” She said

“Sounds like a plan” he said grabbing his toiletries from his bag and heading over to the bathroom.

Breakfast was almost continental with bacon, eggs and toast. But there were also a number of other options from what looked like a jelly of some sort and something called a breakfast meatloaf whatever that was. Grabbing some toast for a light breakfast and downing a couple of glasses of fruit juice the pair sat at their table with their luggage, having already transferred as many water bottles as they could to their day packs.

Today was just as hot as yesterday and even in the few steps between the hotel lobby and the bus they had worked up a sweat, the humidity only making things worse. Sitting on the bus they listened intently to the tour guide as he described the rich history of Cambodia and the sites they were going to visit today. Sipping constantly from their water they pointed excitedly out of the bus windows at the sights as they passed them, the lush jungle canopies occasionally giving glimpses of forgotten monuments or colourful birds as they followed the winding paths. Chris was doing his best to get shots of them on the old camera he had brought with him, but going off the blurs on the screen he wasn’t having much success. A fact that Alice was finding unreasonably funny, at least to him.

The first stop of the day of was the Royal palace, built in 1866 by the predecessors of King Norodom according to the bus guide. The large golden roofed buildings appearing in front of them, the white sided buildings standing out in contrast to the surrounding green jungle. A tall spire of the Silver Pagoda towering above everything else. Pulling up the bus parked itself between a number of other coaches, the popular tourist destination clearly attracting a lot of people today.

“Ok guys, just some words of warning. Please do not touch or damage any of the sites here, they are all protected holy buildings so while you are enjoying yourself please remember to be respectful. Also. there are bathrooms on the site although there can be a bit of a wait on busy days like today so please allow for that in your plans”

“Good job we don’t need to worry about that” Chris said quietly to Alice, getting a beaming smile in reply.

Stepping off the bus they quickly left the other tourists behind, holding hands as they toured the site by themselves, the chatter of the crowds still audible but far enough away that the two of them could enjoy their own company. By lunchtime they had seen much of the site and their stomachs were beginning to rumble. The light breakfast not keeping up with their activity or the extra exertion caused by the heat.

“So, what should we do for lunch” Chris asked as Alice read about the emerald buddha that was in front of them.

“I don’t know, I didn’t see much around here. Probably should have thought about that at the airport too. Im just glad we got the water when we did.”

“Yeah im really glad you thought of that, this climate would be a killer if you hadn’t. I think there might have been some stalls near the front if you want to walk back that way?” He responded, getting a nod for Alice.

Luckily it wasn’t too far away, the route they had taken almost looping back to the start. Spotting a fruit seller they each bought half a watermelon to further beat the heat and apeise their hunger. Finding some shade for a few moments to eat and sit they chatted as other tourists flocked by.

“Wow, that makes me glad we can hold our pee” Alice said suddenly, indicating to the lines of what had to be 200 people crowding around a couple of dozen porta potty looking things.

“Yeah I bet those things are horrible.” Chris said.

“No I meant, imagine how long we would be in line. How much would we miss just to pee, I cant imagine being like that.”

“Well thankfully we don’t have too and we can enjoy ourselves without worrying about such basic needs.” Chris said, a wide smile across his face. He couldn’t have ever imagined being in this situation with such an amazing woman.

Getting to their feet after finishing their quick lunch they enjoyed another couple of hours at the site before going back to the coach to head to the next destination. Despite it being mid-afternoon there were still three more stops on the trip, the first being a quick trip to the Independence monument that marked the country’s independence from France . While not much of an attraction it seemed to mainly function as a bathroom stop for many on the bus, with those that stood at the back of the line having almost no time to see the sites. A fact that seemed to confound Alice more and more that people were willing to do that.

Next up was the National Museum, a distinctive red clay building that been built in the early 20th century and contained more than 5000 artifacts from the region. The building had been amazing, the pair of them gazing at the incredible and ancient artworks that had survived all this time. He wondered if any of the painters or sculptors could ever have imagined that people from the world would be studying their art in some cases almost a thousand years after they were created. Even without a bathroom visit they had struggled to see everything, being forced to run for the bus to avoid being left behind.

The museum was followed by another almost bathroom visit to a town called Skoun, known for its local delicacy of deep friend spiders. Something that neither Chris or Alice wanted to experience despite wanting to make the most of the trip, but the small town still offered a unique view into the local culture without the tourist trap of the other places they had visited. Finally at almost 9pm local time they arrived at their camp site on the outskirts of Siem reap town.

“So this is where you will be staying tonight” The tour guide announced to the holiday makers as the bus pulled into a dimly lit clearing. “Just as a warning, there are no real facilities at this site, but we will make sure to organise a trip into town in the morning for anyone that does need to use one then. Otherwise, if you can’t wait please don’t do it in the camping area itself or near the shrine at the entrance” He said, his eyes suddenly far sterner than they had been when he added that last sentence. Chris wondered if someone had done it in the past, a poor weak bladdered soul now condemned by a foreign deity.

“Can you imagine it” Alice said next to him, “being unable to control yourself for one night.” She laughed.

Grabbing a handle each they picked up the hold all still full of water and went to find their tent. Dumping the heavy bag in the middle of the two person tent Alice bent over, taking out a bottle of water and offering one to Chris. It seemed that much to the opposite of what the guide was thinking, his girlfriend seemed intent of filling them both up even more. Sitting opposite each other with a small electrical light between them they chatted about the day. It had passed by quickly, packed with amazing sites and things to see. But soon the day of walking started to take its toll as Chris yawned, signalling that perhaps it was time to get some sleep.

As he laid back in his sleeping bladder he could feel his bladder starting to fill, after 14 hours and plenty of water it was no surprise. But as much as he was starting to enjoy it, he couldn’t help but wonder how Alice was doing. She had once again shown no signs of even needing to pee yet, making him once again wonder how long could she keep this up.

Waking up the next morning he could see Alice stirring in her sleep, quietly murmuring about something. Checking his watch it was almost time to get up anyway so unzipping his sleeping bag he stepped out. Grabbing a bottle of water he got out of the tent with his bag of toiletries, taking a mouth full of water before starting to brush his teeth using the bottle of water.

A few moments later Alice emerged, wiping the sleep from her eyes she looked upwards and seemed to marvel at the jungle canopy above them.

“Mind if I?” She said pointing at his water bottle.

With his mouth full of water Chris simply shook his head and handed her the bottle, expecting her to start the morning routine as well. Instead she simply tipped the two thirds water bottle back and began drinking it back. Watching Chris was waiting for her to stop, yet she showed no signs of.

“mmmm” Chris exclaimed, still needing some of it to wash out his mouth.

“Sorry” Alice laughed. “The tent really dried out my mouth” She said, handing him back the small amount left at the bottom. Taking It he filled his mouth and spat It out, inspecting the now empty bottle he could feel the remnants of the toothpaste still in his mouth. But he didn’t really want to open another bottle. Given the heat they didn’t stay fresh for very long once they had been opened.

Looking out across the campsite they could see a number of desperate looking people making a shambling dash for the parking area. It seemed they were not the only ones who had tried to hold it all night, but they were clearly the only ones strong enough to do it comfortably. Just looking at them he could tell that depending on how far the town was, some of them might not make it. In particular a group of college girls probably on a gap year caught his eye as they danced their way up the path, hands pressed deeply into their crotches and attempting to avoid humiliating themselves in front of their friends.

Finishing up and exchanging the pile of empty bottles in their day packs for fresh ones they made their way to the bus that had recently returned with a host of relieved looking passengers. Today was slightly different, with most of the travelling being done on bikes once they had arrived at their next destination. Putting his hand on the outside of the bus as he slung in the holdall Chris felt the metal surface almost burning his hand. It seemed like today was going to be another hot one, making him extra glad Alice had suggested buying the water at the airport.

It only took a couple of hours for them to reach their destination, a large town near Siem Reap. It was a massive world heritage site that had been left largely untouched even by tourism. As such, with no big roads the best and easiest way to see it was by bike. Directed down the street by the tour guide the group soon found the bike rental, with Chris and Alice some of the first ones there as others took a visit to nearby toilets again. With the temperature being so high it seemed that like them, most people were chugging back the liquids.

Climbing onto his bike Chris could feel the weight in his bladder more now, the unusual position making him tense his abdomen and squeeze his bladder slightly. Looking over at Alice it seemed to be having the same affect on her, clearly uncomfortable for a few moments as she adjusted herself on the bike.

“Are you ok?” He asked, aware of just how much she had drunk and now being more than 24 hours into her hold.

“What, yeah im fine why?” She asked, seemingly genuinely confused by his question.

“Oh nothing, shall we go?” He replied, enjoying the relaxed smile that had reappeared on Alice’s face as they kicked off.

The first stop of the day was about 45 minutes into the park. Angkor Thom had been the capital city of the Khmer Empire in the 12th century, but now It was almost the complete opposite of what they had seen yesterday with the pristine and extravagant buildings. The area they found themselves riding through was filled with old ruined temples and towers. The simple stone buildings carved intricately and with amazing details.

Pulling up at the sides of a collection of statues the laid the bikes down gently and approached the large stone formations.

“I can’t believe there isn’t any sort of protection or rope or anything” Alice said, her hand hovering a few inches above the stones. It was clear she wanted to touch them, but her love of history and its preservation won out at her hand retreated.

“Yeah, but its kind of nice.” He replied, “It feels a lot less like some sanitised version of history and is just here to be seen.”

“Wow look at this!” Alice said excitedly, completely ignoring him as she spotted something cool.

Following her as she quickly walked around the largest of the towers, he was suddenly face to face with row after row of statues. The formation reminding Chris of the Terracotta warriors he had seen in the London museum.

“So what are these ones?” Chris asked as Alice fumbled with her bag. Pulling out the guidebook and a half empty water bottle before handing the book to him.

Studying the statues it seemed that many of them were just replicas of random monkey faced people, others looking more human although some had no face at all. The curse of time destroying the details on many of the outer ones. Walking to the front of the lines they were met with 11 larger statues.

“So these are the many faces of Avloketesvar” He said pointing to the taller ones. “With each face representing a different plane of existence” He read from the book in his hand.

“Eleven planes of existence, that’s a lot of existing.” Alice joked, throwing the now empty bottle back in the bag.

Continuing around the site for a little while longer, they returned to their bikes. The sun now in the centre of the sky and they could feel it really beating down on them. Sipping from his bottle of water he could feel his shirt starting to stick to him from how much he was sweating. The high morning temperature only getting more brutal as the day wore on.

“Hey, should we take a break. Its way too hot.” He said, slumping his bag down next to the bikes, taking off his hat for a moment and wiping his forehead with the back of his hand.

“Yeah, it seems a shame to waste being in this place, but this heat is something fierce.” Alice agreed, her own face covered in droplets of sweat. “Maybe we can look at the map again and plan out the most efficient route.” She continued, determined to make the most of every second and Chris couldn’t blame her.

Grabbing the bikes they slowly wheeled them towards a covered area, the small stone building and trees providing them with some shade and a cooler area. Choosing a couple of rocks they sat and had their lunch, a rather plain packed lunch given to them by the tour operators since they knew there was nowhere to buy anything out here. The biggest plus side was the two flavoured drink pouches they had been given, a refreshing change from the plain water they had both been drinking for the past couple of days.

Thankfully the temperature had dropped slightly by the time they had finished, putting his book and map away Chris went to stand only for Alice to catch his attention. As she sat their playing with her camera he couldn’t help but notice the way she was crossing her legs, far tighter than he was sure would be comfortable. Her muscular thighs occasionally moving against each other, it was what he had been looking for since they started dating, the first true sign of desperation from his girlfriend.

“Should we make a move?” He suggested, watching as she quickly uncrossed her legs, looking almost embarrassed by herself despite their open relationship in regards to their bladders.

“Yeah sure, lets head to the next location.”

Getting on their bikes Chris saw her frown slightly as she lifted herself onto the seat, her lips pressing together as if trying to stop herself from groaning. Looking on as she leaned forwards Chris was sure he could see the start of a bulge forming under her loose shirt, although that should have come as no surprise to him.

The next site was a little over an hour away according to the guide book, although the path they were on should take them directly to it. Stopping a couple of times for drinks breaks and to look at cool monuments they had highlighted on the map, they still made good time and soon Bakheng temple came into view. The giant stone temple placed prominently at the top of a steep hill.

Changing into a low gear Chris sped up the hill, feeling his muscles burn and his bladder ache as he tensed up his body. Checking behind him he could see the look on Alice’s face and he was sure she was feeling the same, the sweaty grimace a clear indication that all was not well inside her.

“Jesus Christ” Alice panted as she dismounted her bike at the top of the hill. Her thighs pressing together as she leaned on the wall for a moment, sweat dripping off her.

“Here” Chris said handing her a water bottle, without pausing she undid it and poured some of it over her head. It wasn’t quite what he had in mind, but it seemed like a good way to beat the heat, following suit with his own water bottle. The not so cool liquid running down his back and helping take the edge off. Putting the bottle to his lips he drank deeply as he watched Alice do the same.

“This better be worth it” Alice joked as she handed back an empty bottle.

“Apparently this is the number one romantic site in this area” Chris replied, having read about it during their lunch break.

“Yeah, I feel so romantic right now” Alice said, her hair matted to her wet face and sweat stains around her neck and arms.

“Well, you still look beautiful to me” Chris said, slightly in jest.

“Soppy bastard, but good answer” Alice said, putting a hand on her hip and bending over slightly.

“You ok?” Chris asked again.

“Yeah I just need to pee.” She replied, her face already too red to tell if she was blushing or not.

“Do you want us to find somewhere to go?” Chris offered.

“What and miss out on this, don’t be silly.” She replied, standing up straight and seemingly getting a second wind.

Unlike the other parts of the park they had visited, this area had a number of couples all walking around and enjoying the site. Many looking far more put together after opting to get a rickshaw to the temple rather than riding up themselves. Chris and Alice had thought about it on the bus trip in, but soon decided it was too restrictive of where they could go and as two fit people they were sure they could manage.

Locking their bikes in a bike rack near the entrance they enjoyed an afternoon of sightseeing. The giant temple full of amazing inscriptions and carvings that were unlike anything either of them had seen before, even over the last two days. Large astral pictograms covered much of the main temple, with its large halls and statues part of an ancient Luna calendar. Each 28th statue slightly larger than the others and marking a full moon which by their calculation was tomorrow. A further ring around the outside was apparently a star map of Jupiter’s movements through the solar system. It was amazing to think how such a primitive civilisation could have built such a thing.

“Wow look at this one” Chris said, leaning into a rather horrifying depiction of a man filled with a dozen spears. Its graphic detail surviving the centuries of neglect and being lost to civilisation all together. Getting no response Chris turned to see Alice with her eyes closed and a look of concentration written across her face, standing rigidly on the spot.

Opening her eyes she clearly noticed his look of concern. “Im fine” she said trying to play it off.

After more than 32 hours it was no surprise she was starting to feel her bladder complain to her. By now Chris would have expected any other woman to have burst on the spot if they tried to hold half as much as Alice was. Her bladder control was truly amazing.

Checking his watch he could see it was probably a good time to head back, the bus was scheduled to leave in a little over an hour and given drink breaks it would probably take them that long to get back to the bike shop.

“Should we head back, the bus leaves in about an hour” He asked as Alice did her best to hide the extent of her need.

“Yeah that’s probably a good idea.” She said with a forced smile. Standing with her thigh’s pressed together again, but leaning heavily to one side to maximise the pressure between them without having to outright cross them.

Unchaining their bikes this time Alice couldn’t help but let out a muffled groan this time. Her need to pee clearly escalating significantly over the course of the day, the added bottles of water flowing through her and into her bloating bladder.

Choosing not to say anything this time Chris lead the two of them back towards the bus, making small talk about the things they had seen. Halfway back Alice had requested a water break, although he wasn’t sure that was such a good idea as she told him, it was better than getting heat stroke. She was determined not to do anything differently, despite what had to be litres of liquid stored in her bladder.

As they neared the edge of the park Chris could see the extra effort Alice was putting in to control her bladder as she pedalled along with an extra 10 hours of water inside her. The constant movements and strange posture was surely wreaking havoc on her bladder, just as it was his own. The only difference between them being that he was far more use to being in this position than she was.

As they sat down at the back of the bus it was clear his girlfriend was uncomfortable, yet she said nothing about it. Even as the bus pulled into a rest stop for the other passengers on the way to their next camp site she refused to go, seemingly intent on not missing out on anything no matter how small it might have been.

Walking Slowly around the small town they were given 15 minutes to use the facilities, but instead they had found themselves visiting a small market. Unlike the others in the larger towns this was clearly much more of a local genuine market where people exchanged goods. Walking up to a fruit seller her bought a couple of apples and some snacks for tomorrow.

Taking a bite out of the apple an acrid taste filled his mouth causing him to drop the piece he had eaten out of his mouth. “Not an apple” he said shaking his head and getting a laugh from the stall owner who clearly enjoyed tourists not knowing what they were buying from him.

Expecting to see Alice laughing at him he was kind of sad to see her still walking slowly by herself.

“Look maybe we should just go?” Chris said, catching up to her as she paused for a moment as they were walking.

“No, I don’t need to waste time peeing!” She said resolutely, although the expression on her face was telling a different story despite her dismissing his offer. “I just stopped to take a drink” she said opening her bag and taking a few gulps of water as if to prove a point to him. Chris couldn’t help but think about what she was doing by adding to what he was sure was an already substantial need to pee. The bulge on her bladder now easy to see through her thin shirt which had been flapping in the breeze but was now held still by her bloated abdomen. Why was she being prideful about this, was this the origin of her giant bladder. Was this pride in it the reason she was so capable of holding?

Boarding the bus in relative silence Chris could feel the awkward tension between them. Taking his camera out he took a photo of himself, trying his best to hide what he was doing from her. Loading it up on the screen, he leaned over to her. “What do you think, one of my best” He said smiling, the small screen displaying a large image of his predominant nostrils.

Alice couldn’t help but burst out laughing at the unexpected photo, Chris’s weird sense of humour always finding a way of winning her over. Seeing her laugh brought a smile to his own face, before noticing her eyes go wide for a second.

“Don’t…Don’t make me laugh you idiot!” She said still laughing. But it seemed the awkwardness of the situation had gone, maybe she just needed to distract herself from her bladder after all. With the tension gone they both sat chatting and going through the rest of their actual photos for the next few hours as they made their way along the jungle roads.

Arriving at the next camp site late in the night the need to pee had really started to sneak up on Chris and he was sure Alice must have been feeling it too. Although she seemed to be doing better than she had been earlier, maybe the cycling had really been taking its toll on her more than him. After all her shorter frame must have made her stretch more on the bikes that were all the same size and quite comfortable for him at just over 6 foot.

“Ok guys, so there is no check in at this site so feel free to choose your own tent. The front gate is the only way in and will be locked while we are there. Another Bathroom trip will be run slightly earlier tomorrow, in order to give us time to get out and back in before the boat arrives for tomorrows trip. If you don’t not need to use the facilities in the morning please meet at Phok pier at the edge of the site. The boat will depart from there at 8am.”

With no plans of using the mornings bus to the rest stops the pair of them made sure to study the map so they knew where the pier was. They also selected a tent far away from the entrance so they could enjoy the dawn chorus of the amazing birds that they had been hearing each day but largely spoilt by the laughs and cries of their fellow travellers. It meant the two of them could get the full experience and almost pretend they were the only ones here.

Given the exertion of the day Chris could feel his body aching and watched as Alice stifled a yawn, her legs gently rubbing against each other as they unpacked and undressed for the night. Getting into their sleeping bags he quickly dozed off.

Waking a few hours later as he laid on his back on the hard ground Chris could feel his full bladder pressing into him, its weight a familiar sensation. However, next to him Alice wasn’t so calm, a constant rustling noise coming from her sleeping bag as soft moans escaped her.

“Mmmmm” Another stifled groan left between her pursed lips as she battled the increasing waves of desperation from her full bladder. It had been almost two full days since either of them had felt any relief and he could tell it was getting to her.

“Ohhh” Alice moaned again, the shuffling from her sleeping back stopping for a moment. The tent was then filled with the sound of the zipper of her bag, was she giving up? Opening his eyes he could barely see anything, but he could tell she was moving around. Now stood up it appeared she was pacing around the tent, hoping that it would take the edge off her desperation.

“Are you ok?” He said quietly, attempting to roll onto his side but being forced back by his own bladder.

“Sorry, im really sorry I didn’t mean to wake you.” She said in a hushed tone.

“No its ok.” Chris said sitting up. “How are you doing?”

“I really have to pee, its worse than I’ve felt in a long time!” Alice said, her voice clearly strained.

“If you need to go im sure we can find someplace?” Chris suggested, as much as he wanted to see her brought to her limits he didn’t want her to suffer like this.

“No its ok, I can hold it. Its just I don’t think I can sleep like this, I need something to distract myself.”

“Why don’t we take a walk, maybe that will help?” Chris suggested. “Plus if we are not going to get any sleep because of our bladders, we may as well use the time to enjoy more of the country right?”

“Yeah that would be nice” Alice replied, clearly relieved that he was in a similar position.

Getting dressed was a bit of an ordeal, with neither of them able to bend over the procedure took far longer and was punctuated with grunts and gasps that left them happy they had chosen a tent far away from anyone else.

“What time is it?” Alice asked as they stepped out of the tent, the surrounding area surprisingly well lit by the almost full moon above them.

“It’s a little after 2am” Chris said looking down at his digital watch, its brightness making him blink as its screen turned on.

“Ok so its only 6 hours till the boat arrives, I can manage that” She seemed to say almost to herself.

“Are you sure, im not sure if the boat will have toilets if you are planning on using them?”

“Oh no im not, its the days activities will help distract me like this walk. I’ll be fine although, im probably going to have to go tomorrow before bed. I hope you don’t mind that?”

Another full day of her with a brimmingly full bladder, how could he complain.

“No its ok, if you need to go before that you can do.”

“No I don’t want to take up any time that we could spend doing other things during the day….im sure I can hold” Alice said resolutely, although he picked up the faintest of worried glances pass across her face.

Walking around their corner of the campsite they made small talk for a couple of hours, the movement seemingly helping Alice control her bladder. But from time to time he was picking up on small winces she was making, sometimes pausing to press her legs together as she fainted cramp from all the walking they had done the day before. Unfortunately for her, he was well versed in spotting signs of desperation and these were tell-tale signs that her bladder was revolting inside her. Despite this she was still managing well, keeping her bulging bladder under complete control for the time being. If any other woman had shown these signs he would have been sure they were only an hour or possibly less from loosing it all, but going off how strong her bladder was it was possible she was actually going to make it.

Pushing through a patch of fallen vines Chris found what he was looking for, he had seen it on the camp map. Moving through the opening they came to a secluded beach, large sand dunes forming on the waters edge. “Mind if we sit for a minute?” He asked, not wanting to tell her the truth. While the walking might have been helping her, it was ruining his bladders equilibrium and he could feel his muscles starting to tire from the constant shifting.

“So what did you want to do tomorrow on the island, they offer a guided tour or we can just go around ourselves if you would prefer?” Chris asked, watching as Alice adjusted herself on the sand, her hand resting on her thigh.

“Um…. Guided would be good.” She said, her brain seemingly running on empty as all of its processing power seemed to be directed somewhere else.

“Ok, yeah hopefully we can learn a lot about it. Apparently the whole island is a religious site, so its probably safer if we go with them too, don’t want to step on anything.”

“Do you recon we should get something to eat before it? If they are doing another run into town in the morning, we might be able to pick something up.”

“I…I…don’t mind” Alice replied, giving a non-committal answer as she stared off across the water.

A calm silence descended on the pair of them for a few minutes as they sat watching the sky brighten, the sun still below the horizon.

“This kind of reminds me of our first date, you remember that time in…”

“Chris, I don’t think I can hold it” Alice almost whimpered, her face scrunching up slightly as her discomfort overrode her ability to hide it. This was the first time he had ever seen her like this, the confident bladder queen starting to doubt her abilities to hold it.

“Do you think you can last a little longer till the boat arrives, then the trip will distract us right?” He said half hoping it was true, his own discomfort extremely high as the days of pee swirled inside his own bladder. But looking over he could tell she had been hiding just how desperate she was, the illusion now shattered by her omission he could see the sweat building up on her face despite the cool night. Her right hand now resting deeply in her crotch as she crossed legs and gently bounced them up and down restlessly.

“I want to try” Alice said, her face now shining in the brightening sky.

A new uneasy silence fell on them as they fought their bladders for control. Chris now resting a hand on his own as Alice’s show was making it impossible to distract himself. She had seemingly given up the disguise now, openly holding herself and rocking gently where they sat. An intense pained look of concentration on her face as she desperately tried to make it through till the boat arrived, holding on to the slim hopes she could last the whole following day if there were other things to focus on. Considering how much she had been able to return to normal once they had gotten on the bus earlier and started talking he wasn’t entirely sure she was wrong about it.

Short gasps and moans started to escape from Alice for the next hour, the sky becoming lighter as the sun started to crest the horizon in front of them. The darkness above them turning a beautiful red colour. Although looking over at Alice, Chris was sure she wasn’t even taking in anything at the moment. If the whole point of this for her was to make the most of the trip what did she think they were missing right now. For his part this was what he wanted to see most, his beautiful girlfriend sitting next to him with an extremely full bladder. Watching intently as her legs shifted constantly to contain the ocean of pee she wanted to keep stored inside her body.

Seeing her shudder strongly with her eyes closed and a deep grimace formed on her face, his own bladder throbbed sympathetically. Looking at his watch it was still more than 2 hours till the boat arrived. Moving closer to her he gently grabber her free hand that wasn’t between her legs, causing her to open her eyes and look into his. Instantly they both knew she wasn’t going to make it, her tired eyes giving the game away as her eyebrows furrowed.

“I think you should just pee.”

“But….I can hold it” She tried to say, shuddering again as her body sent signal after signal to her brain to let her overfilled bladder empty for the first time in over two days.

“Are you sure? I mean, it doesn’t look like you are enjoying yourself” Chris said, trying to reason with her.

“I…im fine” She lied, an almost pleading look in her eyes as she seemed to beg him to come up with a way of getting her out of this situation.

There was only one thing for it, standing slowly he began to unzip his shorts.

“What…what are you doing?” Alice stammered, her voice faltering.

“Well, if you wont take a bathroom break I am going too now. So, you may as well join me.” He said, watching her face contort as she fought herself against the idea.

“What out here?”

“Yes, everyone else is still asleep on the other side of the campsite. No one will see us” He said offering a hand to the still sitting Alice.

Gingerly she accepted, her hand moving into his even before she had consciously made a decision. “Oh god” She winced, standing causing her bladder to shift and spasm inside her. Chris watched as with trembling hands she fought against he shorts, the Knot she had tied in the string seemingly pulled tighter by her bulging bladder and making it harder to undo them.

“Oooh” She whimpered again, tugging at the material as her legs danced below her.

“Come here” Chris said, walking over to help. Grabbing the rope Alice put her hands to her crotch again as he began the painstaking process of untangling the knotted mess that was the string. Normally he would have suggested she just pulled them down, but there was no way she could do that without wetting herself.

As she continued to groan next to him Chris eventually got the string untangled and released her from the prison of her shorts which she quickly let drop to the floor. Now standing in just her pants she continued to dance, her legs moving feverishly. Even in the dim light Chris could easily see the red line across her abdomen that had being caused by the pressure of her bladder pushing on her restrictive clothing.

“How…where do we go?” She asked frantically, her bladder trembling inside her as she bit her lip. The idea of peeing outside completely foreign to her, having such a strong bladder Chris wondered when the last time if ever she had resorted to this was.

“Look, just go anywhere, no one will see.” Chris said calmly as his own overfilled bladder began to pulse. Ever since undoing his zipper his desperation had rapidly increased, the urge influenced by how close he had been letting lose. Now a couple of minutes later he was having to grab himself to stop anything coming out. Ordinarily such a display would have been a little embarrassing for him, but Alice was a little preoccupied to notice.

“Oh god” She whimpered again, her whole-body shuddering and then staying completely still for a moment. The area once again silent other than the lapping of the waves, before a hiss of air escaped between her clenched jaw. Quickly Alice almost ran a few steps forward to be next to Chris again, shaking her legs free of her underwear she stooped quickly and almost instantly the days’ worth of pee shot out of her tiring body.

Next to her Chris had reached his limit too, unable to even pull his shorts down he simply pulled the hem of his boxers down and relieved himself as if he was standing at a urinal.

Groaning in unison their tortured bodies finally relaxed as two strong twin streams exploded out of them. Their powerful arcs spraying heavily into the golden sand, the fine particulates turning darker as the pee spread between them. The stillness of the night punctuated with their groans and two tremendous hisses as their high powered jets of piss cut through the air.

Looking down Chris watched Alice pee, her eyes closed and clearly enjoying the sensation. The powerful stream thundering out of her at a pace far greater than even his own, the pressure inside her must have truly been immense. He could see her gently twitching, her brimming bladder slowly deflating as the days of pee rushed out of her and onto the now drenched sand beneath her. A substantial area quickly darkening as their piss drenched the surrounding area, rivulets spreading down the side of the sloping dunes and towards the ocean in front of them.

For more than two minutes they continued to pee, watching the sun rise as their streams continued. A strange feeling of romantic intimacy forming between them as they watched they stared at the beauty In front of them, their streams finally running dry at almost the same moment. Letting out a deep sigh Chris readjusted himself in the near daylight, giving an extremely relieved looking Alice a hand up.

Kissing Alice on her flushed cheek the pair made their way back up to their tent much happier. Chris couldn’t believe what he had just witnessed although part of him was slightly sad it was over. But then again there were still 11 days to go.

###

I hope you enjoyed this story, its a bit more subtle than some of my others but hopefully it is still enjoyable!

All feedback is welcome, good or bad!

And as always, thanks for reading!

As a side note, for anyone wondering the title comes from the Cambodian epic, an ancient book of Asian poetry.

