The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 16

Author: Mbgpeelover

*375*2024-02-21 15:02

{{4 hours ago, david_578 said:

Yeah... I knew you didn't try it (yet!)... but the image of you standing by the door, so desperate to pee that you contemplated peeing onto an umbrella... is just SO good. Of course in your story Daniel actually does it, and he is a (fictional) man... who can aim just fine and in the story the umbrella serves the purpose Daniel needs it to with no real complications. 🙂 It's a great and creative story twist, and to hear how authentically you invented it by placing yourself in Daniel's position in order to brainstorm makes it that much better!

But what keeps me still curious (and to clarify, what I meant by "too much to ask" is that thinking about you repeating the experiment will probably just remain a fantasy for me to imagine, rather than being realistic!)... is wondering if you would have been able to release a desperately held pee over onto an opened umbrella... whether you could hold the umbrella well enough that the pee "lake" would not tip off the edge,.. and whether your upturned umbrella if kept from tipping, would in fact have been water tight enough to retain the pee with little to none of it dripping through to the floor. I probably don't get to know these answers, so long as they remain hypothetical 😉 but you painted such a picture that I can't help but enjoy considering the possibilities.

Also hope your daughter is okay! or will be.

And I'm also mildly worried about Ellen's car, which she seems to have forgotten about. I suppose in a sense their "date" isn't over... but that does seem like a change from the plan they agreed on, and I hope Ellen will be okay with that when she remembers, and it won't causk her any problems.

}}

Firstly my daughter is now home and although very tired she’s doing much better.

As for the car…well I’m not giving away any further story plots but the fact Ellen has went to bed and forgotten about it might prove an issue later. You’ll discover why it might have been forgotten soon though!

As for the umbrella…I think the only true way to know the answer to your questions is to try it myself one day and report back. Of course that might involve a variety of different styles of umbrella’s from the large sturdy golf type ones that might hold more but take a lot of room to the more compact lightweight fold up ones with lovely patterns on but more liable to tip. So much to explore!

As part of my research for this I even took a day trip to some of the places mentioned to ensure my facts were all correct. The absence of public toilets in King George V port was definitely noted as it’s in a very industrial area with nowhere even nearby to go. While all of the characters are fictional the places are all real.

&&

*379*2024-02-22 00:06

A morning of surprises for Ellen

Still looking at the upturned umbrella on the tiled floor Ellen chatted easily to Daniel as he washed his hands in the small toilet then returned to the tiny hallway. Despite having such a lovely night Ellen could feel a headache starting and her stomach ached, probably due to having held her pee for so long. Following Daniel back into the kitchen she helped clear up and put things on to charge feeling a heaviness hanging over her. Not wanting to ruin the evening though she was grateful to hear Daniel was thinking of going to bed too as he sent her upstairs while he made tea and coffee.

Yawning as she climbed the stairs she began looking for her one night shirt in the bin bag of clothing Daniel had so kindly washed for her feeling herself getting tearful and angry at not being able to find it. Embarrassed at the thought of Daniel coming into the bedroom and seeing her in just her knickers with no nighty on she climbed into the bed feeling thoroughly fed up and pulled the duvet up around her shoulders. She was just in time too as Daniel casually walked in carrying two hot mugs in front of him. Putting one on the bedside cabinet Ellen pulled slightly away and grabbed at the duvet feeling stupid and upset at hiding herself from someone who’d already seen her naked many times.

Her strange behaviour got the attention of Daniel as he looked at her concerned and questioned if she was ok. Ready to cry Ellen mumbled that she couldn’t find her night shirt nodding in reply as she stared down at the duvet out of embarrassment when he asked if she only had one. It all seemed so ridiculous yet Ellen couldn’t help how she was feeling even as Daniel tossed her over an old baggy T-shirt that only just fitted her. Pulling it on she sipped at her tea worrying she might have caught a urine infection or be coming down with something as she hugged her own legs and intermittently drank her tea.

Her mind miles away Ellen’s anxiety escalated as Daniel began talking quietly about her interview the following morning. With so much having happened that evening she had forgotten just how close it was as a quiet tear ran down her face dripping onto the duvet. She felt so inadequate, way too unqualified, far too overweight and ugly to even imagine herself getting the job as the reality of the fact she’d almost certainly be unemployed soon hit her hard. Finishing her tea she laid down in the bed on her side still holding her stomach as her eyes closed but her mind still filled with thoughts of the fire, the pain of saying goodbye to Mykhaila and the reality that Mrs Kravencho was slowly dying alone in hospital and she hadn’t even managed to visit her yet.

Tossing and turning with cramps and a headache all night Ellen woke before Daniel as she went to the bathroom in the hallway rather than the ensuite to avoid waking him. Wiping herself Ellen sighed at the sight of fresh blood as she sneaked downstairs hoping she had some towels in her handbag. At least that explained the cramping and headaches and hormonal behaviour from the night before, which she really hoped Daniel had forgotten about already. Finding just two sanitary towels in her handbag Ellen fiddled with the shower over the bath until she got it to a decent temperature then stepped in to wash herself using whatever soap she could find, aware that it was still dark outside and Daniel’s alarm still hadn’t even gone off yet. Towel drying her hair she slipped back into the bedroom to quietly find some clean underwear feeling for the first clothing she could find.

Tiptoeing down stairs she switched the living room light on and saw that it was the new jumper and skirt that Daniel had bought her in her hands. Deciding to try them on rather than risk waking Daniel to find something else she checked for any tags before pulling the black jumper over her head. It felt warm and comfortable, snuggly but not at all tight feeling. Stepping into the long flowery skirt she felt suddenly very smart and fresh as she walked bare foot into the kitchen. Missing her slippers from her own flat, which she knew she’d now never seen again, she made herself a glass of water and opened up her laptop.

After briefly checking her long inbox of new messages Ellen brought up her CV and read it through adding in the contact details for both Celine and Aran who had thankfully both agreed to be her referees. Doing some online research into the role of a caretaker for tower blocks ahead of her impending interview Ellen was engrossed in reading something when she felt hands touching her shoulders. Turning to see Daniel standing in just his boxers she shivered as he kissed the her cheek before talking to her from beside her.

“You’re up early. Last minute preparations?”

“I just wanted to be ready. It’s a totally different role to what I’ve been doing.”

“That’s true. You’ll smash it though. I know you will. You’ve got a flying start too what with knowing all the refugees so well. I guarantee you none of the other applicants can say that. You, more than anyone, know what they need and how best to support them.”

Daniel was clearly about to say much more when they both jumped at the sound of Ellen’s phone ringing. Rising from the couch Ellen walked quickly to where her phone was plugged in seeing Dmitro’s name on the screen.

“It’s a girl! We’ve had a girl Ellen!”

Tearful and excited Ellen attempted to get some more details from a euphoric Dmitro as he blurted out about a long labour and an emergency c-section. Slipping into Ukrainian at times Ellen had to really concentrate as her exhausted but elated friend shared about what sounded like a complicated and drawn out labour.

“Is the baby ok? How is Tetyana?”

“Tetyana ok. Marichka in baby care. I go see her now.”

“Thank you for letting me know Dmitro. If there’s anything either of you need please just let me know. I’d better let you get to your daughter. Huge congratulations to you both! Tell Tetyana I send my love please.”

“Ya buda, dyakuyu. Thank you.”

Turning to look at Daniel wiping a tear from her eye Ellen told him about the news.

“Awww that’s lovely news. I’m so pleased for them and so glad they moved through to Dundee early. Do you want a cuppa? I was just going to put the kettle on? I can make some french toast too if you’d like?”

“That would be lovely. Thank you.”

Checking the time Ellen returned to her laptop working and nervously preparing while eating breakfast and drinking tea all while Daniel ate his own breakfast in the kitchen then went upstairs for a shower. Returning back down Ellen went to take her dishes back into the kitchen to set up ready for her online interview when Daniel looked at her from the sink and smiled.

“You look so beautiful Ellen. I love your hair. Do you want me to keep your phone in here incase it rings during the interview? I can go into the lounge if you’d prefer to be at the dining table.”

Handing Daniel her mug and plate Ellen ran a finger through her hair.

“Thank you. It goes much more wavy when I leave it to dry naturally. I set up the camera earlier and it seems fine in the lounge if you’re ok in here? I’ll just go to the loo before it starts.”

Nipping to the small downstairs loo Ellen was glad to see her pad was still ok as she checked herself in the mirror and nervously walked back through to the living room. She still didn’t feel 100% ready and her stomach still ached with cramps but thinking of Tetyana in hospital alone with a new born baby spurred her on to want to be in Dundee more than ever to help her and Dmitro and everyone else.

“This isn’t about me. This is about the refugees,” she muttered to herself as she logged into the zoom call grateful to see that Daniel had left her a glass of water by her laptop.

*380*2024-02-23 00:16

Daniel wants Ellen to move in

Waking to find Ellen no longer by his side Daniel had a quick pee then headed downstairs to look for her. Seeing her sitting on the couch reading something on her laptop he reached over to place his hands on her shoulders affectionately. Stepping to the side of the couch he leaned in to kiss her cheek as he commented that she was up early and asked if she was doing some last minute preparations. Of course she was nervous, who wouldn’t be, but she surely had nothing to worry about with her vast experience and expansive knowledge of the refugees already. He was just saying all that to Ellen when they were interrupted by the sound of Ellen’s mobile ringing.

Standing listening, wondering who on earth could be calling so early in the morning, the first he heard was Ellen asking if the baby was ok and mentioning Tetyana. Assuming it was news of the baby at last he waited until Ellen finished the call so she could update him properly. Seeing his girlfriend so emotional over the new arrival only served to convince Daniel even more about her passion and care for the people they’d been working with for the last 12 months.

Offering to make them both breakfast he left Ellen to what she was doing as he took her in some French toast and a cuppa. Seeing she was still deeply engaged in whatever she was working on he decided to respect her space and eat his breakfast in the kitchen as normal before slipping past her back upstairs to get showered and dressed. Returning back down to wash up he suddenly noticed what Ellen was wearing for the first time as she walked into the kitchen barefoot carrying her dishes. The black jumper accentuated her curvy figure beautifully and contrasted against the long flowery skirt stunningly. It looked 100 times better on Ellen than it had done on the manakin in the supermarket and now looking at Ellen’s hair he couldn’t help but love the natural waves and curls in it that made her look so warm and friendly and attractive.

Noticing the time he offered to move into the other room to work to give Ellen access to the dining table but she shook her head, making her thick wavy hair bounce cheerfully as she informed him that she had everything set up ready. Suggesting he perhaps keep her mobile phone at least incase it disturbed the interview she handed it to him readily then turned around to use the downstairs toilet before starting her interview. Thinking she might want some water with all the talking she’d have to do he filled a clean glass with some fresh iced water and sat it by her laptop.

Setting up his own laptop on the dining room table Daniel text Celine and Aran on the cruise ship to let them both know that he was working from home, reminding them both that Ellen would be in late too as she had an interview that morning. Celine text back right away saying to wish Ellen good luck and that she’d email or text if there were any issues. Aran didn’t reply but Daniel expected he might do so later so wasn’t worried. Logging into his email he watched as the number went up and up knowing he would have a busy morning working through everything that demanded his attention that day. Working away quietly he smiled as he heard Ellen next door talking on zoom with his borrowed earphones over her head. Glancing through she looked tense and awkward as he silently wished for a successful interview and that she’d have the confidence to show her passion and drive over the screen.

Half an hour later and Ellen was still chatting, this time obviously answering questions about what help and support she felt the refugees might need once relocated to Dundee. Starting to hear the passionate, fiery, dedicated woman he knew and loved beginning to push through the nerves he silently cheered her on next door feeling helpless to support her in any other way. It was almost an hour later before the room next door went silent and Ellen came through to see him looking tired but relieved.

“So…how do you think it went?”

“I’m really not sure. Parts of it seemed to go well. I obviously could answer all the stuff about what help and support the refugees might need and all the experience I have gained in the last 12 months and they seemed impressed by the volume of people we relocated and all the charities and organisations we have been working in partnership with. They didn’t seem at all pleased though at how little experience I actually had in housekeeping and maintenance and they questioned me at length about my work history which I know won’t look good or do me any favours. They have some others to interview in a few weeks time so I don’t expect to hear anything for at least a month, which I did tell them was terrible as the refugees need someone there right now, but I fear I might have overdone things there. It’s over now though and I can’t go back. So how are things on the ship? Any news?”

“As far as I know everything is fine there. You missed a call on your mobile. I didn’t feel right answering it but I saw it vibrate on the table. Hopefully nothing too important. I’m proud of you Ellen. You’ve done your best and that’s all anyone can ask.”

Handing Ellen her phone back her face seemed unreadable as Daniel looked at her curiously.

“It’s a Glasgow number but not one I know. I’d better call them back incase it’s important. I was thinking we should really head back. I’ve only just remembered I left my car in the port car park! I hope it was ok there all that time!”

“I’m sure it’ll be fine.”

Stopping himself from saying any more as Ellen had her phone to her ear Daniel finished what he was sending and waited before closing his laptop down. Noticing Ellen had walked through to the lounge rather than talk within earshot of him he wondered why she felt whatever it was about was such a secret. When she walked back in a few minutes later looking a little shaken he couldn’t resist asking.

“Is everything ok?”

“That was my landlord. The police notified him about the fire and he’s been out to see the flat this morning. He wasn’t at all happy that I hadn’t told him about it but I never got around to saving his details on my phone and the letter with his number on was left on my kitchen counter. He was asking where I was staying and if I intended to return to the flat if it is deemed repairable.”

“What did you tell him?”

“That I am staying with a friend and that if the flat is reparable then I would currently like to move back but that I didn’t think it would be able to be fixed. He said that’s not for me to decide and it’s a matter for the insurance company. He’s going to get back to me when he knows more but he basically implied if I was implicated in the fire in any way he will be invoicing me directly for all the work!”

“You know he can’t do that. There’s absolutely zero evidence that you had anything to do with the fire. I’ve seen many fire damaged properties in my time as a housing officer and I will be very very surprised if that block of flats is ever habitable again. The damage will go much deeper than you realise. I expect in due course the full block will end up demolished. Your landlord’s insurance will cover his costs. By rights he should be paying for you to stay somewhere else but his insurance would cover that too.”

“Should I cancel my rent standing order?”

“Yes. Well unless it’s repairable but I highly doubt that. When’s it next due?”:

“I only just paid it on the 1st of the month there. It was meant to be going up in a couple of months too.”

“I’d hold off for now but you’ll probably be fine to cancel it once the loss adjusters have been and the insurance companies have been informed. Are you really wanting to move back there if it is viable to be repaired?”

“Well where else can I go?”

“You could stay here Ellen. Seriously. Obviously if you get the job in Dundee then that changes things but if not you can move in here. There’s plenty space.”

“I think we should really get back to the cruise ship. I have so much work to be catching up with. I’ll just get my laptop and bag.”

*381*2024-02-24 01:14

Ellen feels overwhelmed

Getting the online introductions over with, with four heads and shoulders on her laptop screen, Ellen felt so incredibly nervous and inadequate. Listening as Julian, the man she’d spoken with on the phone days earlier, explained why the interview was being carried out online instead of in person Ellen already felt she was wasting everyone’s time. The closing date in the advert hadn’t even been reached yet so what chance did she have of ever getting the job?

Confirming her personal details when requested Ellen remained quiet as the job description was read out followed by the pay scale and then a long winded account of the background of who the refugees were and why they were being moved to Dundee. Hating how Julian repeated referred to them collectively as just ‘they’, which to Ellen felt depersonalised and overly simplistic like there was perhaps just one family rather than over 120 individuals with various needs and personalities, it took all her self control not to correct him and remind him what exactly she’d been doing for the last 12 months! This was followed by Julian reading out to everyone word for word everything Ellen had submitted on her online application. Nodding quietly as this was read Ellen felt invisible as the three men chatted between themselves while she could hear every word.

Finally the interview actually started as each person in turn asked Ellen questions relating to her experience, her capabilities, her qualifications and her work history. Picturing Oleksandr and his wife, Myroslava and young Katya, Yakiv and Mylana, and Inna and little Ihor Ellen passionately spoke about the work she’d dedicated the last year of her life too, confidently explaining how many refugees had arrived in Glasgow and how many she’d helped to secure their own tenancies. Keeping confidently at all times she explained some of the very complex situations that had made finding new homes for everyone so difficult, from lack of ID, to communication barriers to medical conditions requiring treatment. 

It seemed to be finally going well until one of the men questioned her on her work history pushing for an exemption as to why she had significant periods of no employment. Temped to explain about her own period of homelessness she looked at their stern faces and decided against it, preferring instead to cover it up with ‘personal reasons’. Hoping they wouldn’t push or probe any further she tried to deflect the pressure a little by sharing about her weekend voluntary work and how that would help her in a role as caretaker.

Sipping at the water between questions Ellen couldn’t quite believe how long the whole thing was lasting as she rubbed at her aching tummy whilst smiling at the camera. By the time it came to questions at the end Ellen was exhausted, though she made sure to ask about how soon she might hear back and when the proposed start date was. Shocked to hear how long after the refugees arrived the date was she felt a fire rise within her as she immediately lost her self control and became rather animated, freely questioning all three men about what support the refugees would have in the interim time frame and feeling very frustrated that there were no plans in place at all to cover that period!

When Julian took back control and ended the interview Ellen couldn’t help but worry that her outburst right at the end may have outdone any progress she had made in the last two hours. Sighing to herself as faces disappeared from the screen one by one and the software logo returned to her screen she closed down her screen and stood up to stretch her legs. Picking up the empty water glass she took it through to the kitchen where Daniel was sat working as he immediately looked up from his screen and smiled at her warmly.

“So…how do you think it went?”

Summarising the last two hours as best she could Ellen chatted to her boyfriend about how it had all went as she noticed her mobile sitting on the table by a mug of coffee. Asking if she’d missed anything important she anxiously reached for her phone when Daniel told her she’d missed a call. It wasn’t a number she knew but it was local as she clicked to call them back right away. Already having a headache the last person she wanted to hear from right then was her landlord especially as he sounded angry and annoyed at her.

Listening in silence as he ranted on loudly about the fire and her lack of communication with him Ellen walked through into the lounge to avoid Daniel overhearing. Having seen the damage herself she was shocked at her landlord asking if she intended to return to the flat when it was renovated before questioning where she was living now and what she knew about the fire, very much appearing to accuse her of wilfully causing it! Angry and annoyed Ellen really struggled to remember her training from Shelter as the voice of her landlord intimidated and scared her.

Telling Daniel about the call it was good to get advise from someone who understood the law on housing and whose advise she really trusted. She was so emotionally attached to the situation it felt so out of control as she realised just how much she was missing her personal space and her own routines and privacy. Faced with the reality that not only had she lost all her personal belongings but that she was also homeless the stress of the interview now felt like nothing as she longed to get back to the comfort of the ship and her normal work routine.

Daniel, as much as he was helping, was also starting to become suffocating as he looked at her smiling as he proudly suggested she move in with him permanently! What? They’d only been dating less than two weeks and while she’d stayed over and had fun neither of them were anywhere near ready for the commitment actually of moving in together, well not in her mind anyway. It was fast becoming too much for her as she changed the subject quickly without giving Daniel an answer. Desperate to get out the house Ellen was even more frustrated when she realised that Daniel hadn’t, as promised, taken her back last night to get her car from the port. Had he done that deliberately to control her or had it been a simple oversight after a lovely meal together? Ellen wasn’t sure which one to believe as she stood by the garage waiting for Daniel to unlock it and get his car out, which was taking ages, as all she wanted was to see Celine and check everything on the ship was ok.

Not speaking at all on the short journey to King George V port Ellen felt so relieved to see her car still parked exactly where she’d left it the evening before as she waited for Daniel to park. Jumping out the car as quickly as possible she felt the cold air rushing up her bare legs as she ran up the gantry and safely into the Adventurer II. Signing in she looked everywhere for Celine before seeing her walking toward the canteen. Rushing up to her and hooking an arm through hers Ellen looked up at her friend feeling stressed and harassed.

“Please come with me Celine! I need to talk to you!”

Pulling her friend by the arm Ellen pushed open the door to the ladies by the main lift as they walked inside and checked no one was around.

“What’s up Ellen? Is everything ok?”

“I’ll be back in a minute. I just need one of these!”

Grabbing a sanitary towel from a basket by the sinks, provided free of charge by the government, Ellen rushed into a cubicle to pee and change her pad as she continued chatting to her friend.

“Stupid period! It came on first thing this morning and would you believe I only had two pads in my handbag! Typical! I couldn’t even get to a shop to get any as Daniel didn’t bring me back for my car last night even though he said he would and the doors were locked in his house and I still have no idea where the nearest shop is by his house anyway!”

“Oh Ellen! It never fails to come when we really don’t want it doesn’t it! On the morning of your interview too!”

Flushing the toilet and returning to wash her hands Ellen kept talking to Celine needing to say so much.

“You don’t happen to have any pain killers do you? These stomach cramps are agony!”

Taking some painkillers from Celine Ellen swallowed them without a drink as she turned back to face her friend.

“Thank you. I feel so bad doing this but I need to take a whole bunch of these too. I’d buy my own but it’s awkward staying at Daniel’s just now. Celine what am I going to do? I don’t think I can keep staying at Daniel’s. I haven’t got money for a hotel and my arse of a landlord is now wanting me to keep paying rent for a flat that’s burnt to the ground! I’ve lost everything and I’ve just had an interview in my bare feet because I don’t even possess a pair of tights! Look!”

Pulling her skirt up to show her bare legs to her friend Ellen let the skirt drop down as she filled her handbag with sanitary towels.

“Take as many as you need Ellen. They’re only going to be taken away before the ship leaves anyway. I can’t see the Scottish Government funding free sanitary products throughout Europe can you? I’d offer for you to come and stay with me but you know I have Carson so it’s not that simple. What about going to the council offices and declaring yourself homeless? You’d be priority with the fire.”

“I don’t want shoved in a hotel again with pay as you go internet that’s worse than bloody dial up. Even if I do by some miracle get a scatter flat I’ve no money for carpets or a cooker or anything. I haven’t even got a bed! I feel awful for saying this but right now I’d be better off as a refugee on here!”

“Why can’t you just stay over at Daniel’s even until something comes up?”

“Because he wants me to move in permanently! God we’ve only been dating, what 11 days, and he wants me to bloody move in with him!”

“Wow he’s quick! Has he not got a spare room you could have? Has he offered you a key?”

“He wants me in his bed! He’s not once even suggested a key. I don’t even know if I want one anyway. He doesn’t even cook his own dinner! He gets his mum to make his meals and he reheats them!”

“You’re kidding me!”

“Nope!”

“Oh my God! So he can’t cook but is he good at you…know?”

“I’ve no complaints there! He’s actually lovely and his house is spotless and gorgeous and he’s not short of money, but I need my own space, my privacy, my own bed.”

“Well tell him that. See what he says. So how was the interview? Apart from the fact you were barefoot of course!”

“Long! They didn’t like my employment gaps and I don’t think they appreciated my questioning them about why they are leaving the refugees for almost a full month without a caretaker. But other than that it went reasonably well.”

“Let’s hope you get the job then eh! That caretakers flat in Tulloch Court is perfect isn’t it.”

“It would be a dream come true.”

“You’ll get to see it again on Sunday too when we drive over with the charity stuff. You still ok for that?”

“Definitely!”

“You can come in Ellis’s lorry with me if you’d prefer. I’m sure he wouldn’t mind.”

“I might just do that. Thanks. I reckon we’d better get back to work or they’ll be looking for us both. Thank you Celine! You’re the best!”

“Anytime Ellen!”

*382*2024-02-26 00:43

Drama on the cruise ship

Confused at Ellen changing the subject, but consoling himself with the fact her things were still in his house, Daniel did as Ellen asked and drove her to the cruise ship. It wasn’t until he saw Ellen’s car still in the car park where she’d left it the night before that he remembered he had agreed to bring her back for her car last night. Not that it mattered now, he thought, as he turned to apologise to Ellen only to see that it was already too late as she had already got out the car. Looking out the front windscreen Daniel watched her rushing up the gantry as he wondered if she had an appointment to get to or someone to see.

Locking his car he lifted both laptop bags from the boot and carried them in. Signing in he noticed Ellen’s name already in the book just above his as his eyes darted everywhere looking for her. Not seeing her he walked towards the work areas and placed the bags on a desk. Seeing no sign of Celine or Aran, or any of the other charity or government workers he was now so familiar with, Daniel walked over to the refreshment table and made himself a coffee. Smelling hot food from the canteen he looked around before stepping in that direction, enticed by the aroma, whilst still looking for any sign of Ellen. Picking up a sandwich he turned to walk back towards his desk when he saw Ellen and Celine approaching from the main reception area.

“Just five more days. It’s going so quick isn’t it?”

“Way too quick! As fast as I think I’m getting somewhere there’s suddenly a hundred more things I need to do.”

Listening to the woman talking Daniel so wanted to join in but with their back to him he decided to remain quiet for now.

“Me too. You know I was actually thinking of coming down here next Friday to see this ship leaving. I know everyone will have left but I just feel it’s been such a huge part of my life for so long that I sort of want to see it leave.”

“Aww Ellen what are you like! You know what…maybe I’ll come down with you too. The port will seem so empty when it’s gone.”

Still behind the woman Daniel moved to the side to slide into a feee desk where he’d left the two laptops. Passing one over to the table that the ladies were standing over beside him still talking he left it sat on the desk as Celine turned to see him.

“Hey! Sorry I never saw you there Daniel. Did you see the email this morning from the food bank in Dundee? I gave them my details that day I was there so I assume that’s why they copied me in. They still haven’t received the funding to supply us with even the basics for everyone arriving on Wednesday. Absolute joke! I haven’t replied as I wasn’t sure where you were at with it. I’m guessing Glasgow isn’t for helping?”

“I’ve exhausted that avenue already. I submitted the forms days ago to Dundee. Jeez it’s like getting blood from a stone with them. It’s on my urgent list of things to deal with this afternoon. I’m guessing the starter packs charity are in the same position too. Talk about cutting things fine!”

Daniel noticed that while he’d been chatting to Celine that Ellen had set up her laptop and was now looking at something on her phone. They still hadn’t spoken since leaving his house and he was beginning to find it very frustrating.

“Everything ok Ellen?”

“Yeah sorry. Just a text from Teona asking if I know where there’s a laundrette in Dundee.”

“Tell her there’s one in the tower block for the residents. It’s on the ground floor. I assume the machines are all set up and ready. At least they should be!”

“I was just about to tell her that. It’s things like this that prove to me that there should be a caretaker on site there even now. Can you believe that they’re not even closing applications for the job until an entire month after everyone has moved in! Then there interviews to be done, checks to be made and any training to be completed. At this rate they’ll be lucky to have anyone in post before Christmas. Utterly scandalous! They clearly don’t care about anyone but themselves.”

Pausing just long enough to read anther text Ellen looked up at Celine while Daniel looked on.

“She says she’s tried but it’s locked! I’m going to text Rob and see if they can unlock it. They shouldn’t be having to drag their dirty washing all through Dundee every few days just to do their laundry.”

Leaving Ellen to it Daniel was just reading another important email when a commotion at reception made him look over. Rising to his feet quickly he marched over to the desk where a young girl was obviously struggling as loud voices and aggressive remarks were flying, not all in English. Taking a male by the shoulders as he wobbled very unsteadily on his feet, clearly high on drugs or drink, Daniel pulled him back from the desk to protect the receptionist. Just about to ask him who he was he looked over as Ellen and Celine approached and another refugee rushed to hold up the mystery male’s other shoulder.

“Stepan! I’ll call the police.”

“Blyat! Poshol na khuy!”

Not knowing what the man was saying as he swayed and shouted Daniel guessed in was swearing from his expression and gestures as his immediate response was to look over at Ellen and check she was ok as she took a step back and called the police. It took all his strength, and that of the fellow refugee, to keep Stepan at bay until the police eventually arrived and took him away. Checking the receptionist was fine Daniel then immediately turned his attention to Ellen who was being held by her arm by Celine. Walking towards her he held out his hand to take hers as he got close enough to her to speak quietly.

“Are you ok?”

“I’ve never seen him like that before.”

“I know. He’s obviously high on something and he probably won’t remember anything of that later. I’ll call the police station later and see if there’s any news. Do you want a tea or something to calm down?”

Ellen nodded so Daniel let her hand go and walked towards the canteen assuming Ellen and Celine were behind him. Arriving at the trays he turned to see them walking towards him as he smiled at them both and picked up a tray.

“What would you like Celine? I’ll get it. You two can have a seat. Tea Ellen?”

Making two coffee and a tea Daniel carried the mugs over to a table where Ellen and Celine were sitting.

“Well that was a bit of added drama we didn’t need this afternoon. You both ok?”

Seeing them both nodding as they took their drinks and had a sip Daniel felt relieved.

“I’ve just remembered I have a meeting to attend. I’ll take this coffee with me. You ok with Daniel Ellen?”

“Yeah”

“Thanks Celine. I hope your meeting goes well.”

Turning back to Ellen Daniel lifted his free hand to touch hers on the table.

“It’s not your fault Ellen. I know you put a little of time into Stepan to get things sorted for him.”

“He came here all alone. Just a teenager. It was weeks before anyone even knew his name. I could see the loneliness and fear in his eyes even back then. It was that same fear I saw in him just now. He’s not a bad lad Daniel. He’s just lost, vulnerable and broken. He needs help not arrested and sent to jail.”

“It might not come to that. We’ll have to wait and see. Listen I’m really sorry I forgot to come back last night after the meal and get your car. I just completely forgot. And I didn’t mean to upset you earlier when I suggested moving into mine. I only said it because I hate the idea of you alone in a dodgy dingy hotel somewhere. If you want I can try and pull some strings in the council and see if I can get you a scatter flat somewhere.”

“I just really miss my own place. I miss my own space, my own routines, my own flat. I was just settling in and now I’ve lost everything. I don’t even have a birth certificate right now as that was in the flat with everything else I owned. I like your house. It’s lovely and that bay window in your living room is stunning. But I have my own life Daniel. I want to be able to cook, clean up after myself, come and go as I please, have some privacy at times. I don’t think I can have any of that at yours.”

“Oh. I never thought about that. Sorry. I could…maybe get you a key? I could put a bed in the spare room if you’d like? I’ve got a bit carried away. Sorry. And you can cook any time you want. I can get you your own pots and things but I can only have Halal meat in the house. You understand that don’t you?”

“Sort of. I’m not sure how it’s any different to any other meat, but I respect your religion Daniel. A key would be good and if you’re ok about the spare room I’d like that too. It’s not that I don’t…you know…just maybe not every night. I might sneak in to your ensuite though. That shower in the other upstairs bathroom is a bit rubbish isn’t it? It’s worse than the water pressure in here and that’s saying something!”

Glad to hear Ellen much more relaxed again Daniel vowed to get a key cut to his house as soon as possible and a bed bought for the spare room. It was worth it if Ellen would stay. Anything was worth it if she’d still at his rather than a run down hotel miles away.

*383*2024-02-27 00:37

Ellen softens towards Daniel again

Walking back to her work area Ellen chatted freely to her friend not even realising Daniel was behind them until Celine began talking to him. Leaving them both to talk she busied herself setting up her computer to check her inbox and get on with work when she heard her mobile buzz in her bag. Finding it among the wad of wrapped sanitary towels she pulled it out carefully to see Teona’s name on the screen. Hoping everything was ok she read the text and sighed. The more she heard from the first group of refugees who she’d helped move in to a Tulloch Court the more she worried about them. Between heating issues and now not even being told about the onsite launderette just two doors from the caretakers flat on the ground floor Ellen started to wonder what was going on.

Updating her two curious friends on the matter she text back Teona to discover the launderette was actually locked! Quickly texting someone at Claypots, who she understood were still carrying out snagging repairs in the tower block, she hoped they would deal with the situation pronto so she could get on with other urgent matters that were now beginning to pile up. Still trying to get the laundry matter sorted Ellen was distracted by a loud disturbance in the reception area. Looking over to see what was going on Ellen saw Daniel rushing towards the area as she looked at Celine before they too made their way over to see what was going on.

Getting closer to the shouting Ellen witnessed Daniel and another refugee, an older man called Sergiy, holding someone back from the reception desk as they shouted and fought to get free. As the young Ukrainian man turned Ellen caught sight of his face as she shouted his name in shock.

“Stepan!”

Turning to Celine, with her mobile still in her hand, she dialled 999 and requested the police. Watching on as Daniel and Sergiy struggled to contain a very aggressive and clearly out of control Stepan Ellen felt herself starting to shake. The profanity coming out of the young man’s mouth was like nothing she’d ever heard from any of the refugees in the entire year she’d worked with them and none had ever because so aggressive and dangerous either even when faced with some frustrating and hard situations. Worried for Daniel’s safety and for the young terrified girl sitting at the reception desk, Ellen stepped back as she watched the tussle and struggle continue for several more minutes until she could hear sirens and finally uniformed police arrived and took over.

Steadied by Celine’s arm in hers Ellen stood in shock as Stepan was taken away by the police and Daniel nodded to Sergiy to thank him before turning to check the young girl at the desk was ok. Trying to process what she’d just seen Ellen felt very comforted and touched when Daniel came closer to her and gently took her hand.

“Are you ok?”

The air of concern and care from those three words changed things for Ellen in an instant. No longer angry at her boyfriend for wanting to push her to do something she wasn’t ready for yet now she was just so relieved that he was ok.

Shaking still she looked up at Daniel’s damp hair and flushed face.

“I’ve never seen him like that before.”

Not doubting her at all she listened as Daniel spoke in his usual quiet steady way as he explained how the young man was clearly high on something and not in control of his behaviour. Having expected judgement or criticism, which under the circumstances she couldn’t have judged him for at all, Ellen’s heart was so tender towards Daniel as he spoke more fondly of Stepan than he really deserved. Finding herself nodding when Daniel then suggested they have a cuppa to calm down she was grateful for Celine’s arm in hers still as they walked towards the canteen behind Daniel.

Sitting at a table with her friend while Daniel got them all a drink Ellen could feel herself still shaking a little from the fright as she took her mug of tea from Daniel gratefully. Taking her first sip she was shocked at Celine who quickly seemed to excuse herself saying she had a meeting. Not quite sure if this was the truth, or perhaps her way of getting her and Daniel to talk after their earlier conversation in the toilets, Ellen looked at her friend trying to get her answer as she took her coffee and walked away.

Holding her phone on the table Ellen felt Daniel’s hand rest on hers gently as it felt like he was suddenly reading her mind.

“It’s not your fault Ellen. I know how much time you invested in that young man.”

Sharing a little of Stepan’s past with Daniel Ellen spoke quietly with her head down as she sipped at her hot tea. Looking up briefly to see Daniel’s soft comforting features and his small anxious looking smile Ellen remembered easily why she’d liked him so much for so long. Now hearing him sweetly and genuinely apologising for his parting remark back at his house that morning Ellen couldn’t help but feel that she too had perhaps been a little quick at taking offence. Now alone, recovering from what they’d both just seen, and still shaken and vulnerable from the trauma of the house fire and the upset with Mykhaila, Ellen found herself opening up to Daniel about her fears of moving in with him.

Maybe she’d been too quick to judge him herself as she listened attentively as he explained how he’d only been thinking practically and had not even thought about how it might come across to her. Promising to let her have the spare room if she wanted and let her have a set of house keys Ellen felt a lot more comfortable and at ease about the situation even though she still had some reservations. With most of her tea drunk, and aware of the workload backing up more and more, Ellen lightened the mood jesting about the shower in Daniel’s main bathroom as they laughed together with Daniel’s hand over hers until she felt her phone vibrating under their hands. Pulling her hand out she looked at the screen and smiled at her boyfriend.

“It’s Rob at Tulloch Court. I’d better take this.”

Daniel nodded but remained seated in front of her as Rob spoke to her about unlocking the laundry room and arrangements for Sunday before he said something that Ellen wasn’t expecting.

“That’s us finished this job today. I said I’d be here for you on Sunday and I will. However, from Monday onwards we will be moving onto another project so I won’t be around to sort anything out after then. I just wanted you to know as I’m very aware of the big move on Wednesday. I’ve already told Keith that I can’t be here for that and to be honest with you there’s been too much press around here as it is. I’m not in this for show Ellen. We were contracted to renovate the tower block and that’s exactly what we have done. Should anything under contract need sorted I will send someone out to do so but it very likely won’t be myself as I have to oversee our next project. I hope you understand. I’ll see you on Sunday though.”

“Thank you Rob. You have done an amazing job and I hope all goes well on your next job for you. I look forward to seeing you on Sunday morning. Thanks for letting me know.”

“That’s Claypots moving on from Tulloch Court. Rob is handing the keys over to the council on Monday morning.”

“It’s getting so real now isn’t it. Is he still ok for Sunday?”

“Yeah. Sounds like he’s giving up his own time to help us though. He’s a decent chap really.”

“He is. Same can’t be said for Keith Bryan sadly.”

“That’s true. I should really get back to work. I have so much to do before I leave today. Do you mind if I pick up something at the supermarket on my way to yours tonight? It’s not that your mum is a bad cook but I’d quite like to cook myself something like I’m used to. You don’t mind do you?”

“Not at all. Here take this. Buy anything you like. Just don’t get any meat that’s not Halal ok?”

Laughing Ellen took the cash from Daniel as she smiled at him.

“I think I can manage that. Thank you.”

“You’re welcome Ellen. I love you in that jumper by the way. You look absolutely gorgeous.”

“Is this you flattering me so I’ll cook extra tea for you too?”

“Now why didn’t I think of that?”

*384*2024-02-28 23:53

Daniel regrets all the coffees

Interrupted yet again by Ellen’s phone ringing Daniel sat patiently as Ellen took the phone call from Rob, one of the contractors they’d met on their first ever visit to Dundee. Only hearing Ellen’s side of the conversation he heard her wish him well on his next job and assumed the contractors must finally be finished their work at Tulloch Court. When Ellen confirmed this the realisation that in just a matter of days the entire project would be complete hit hard. Not only would that mean he’d no longer be working closely with Ellen anymore, or Celine and Aran, but the fact that Ellen’s job would then end too left a heaviness in his heart.

At least Ellen hadn’t mentioned that part yet as she chatted brightly about their forthcoming trip on Sunday with the goods Celine had been gathering and then rather coyly asked if she could cook herself some dinner later at his. Handing her some cash from his wallet he joked about her not buying Halal meat as he couldn’t help but comment at how stunning she looked in the jumper he’d bought for her. As Ellen stood to walk away Daniel looked up at her meeting her eye. She seemed happier, calmer and more settled than she’d seemed earlier that morning and he hoped that meant they were back on track again.

Finishing the last of his coffee he picked the empty mugs up and took them to the appropriate area. Remembering his unopened sandwich from earlier he made his way back to where he’d left his laptop to hopefully get on with some work at last. Starting with chasing payment to the food bank and starter packs charities Daniel made some firm calls to Dundee pressing them strongly for prompt payment given the now extremely tight deadline looming. Calling the relevant charities to let them know to expect payment imminently he waited for confirmation whilst checking through files to ensure everything else was in order. Very aware that he hadn’t had a moment to use the toilet all day he valiantly crossed his legs as he pushed to get through everything that needed done.

Heartened by the progress so many other charities and groups had made in the last ten days Daniel felt a little lighter reading various emails about furniture contracts, flooring getting fitted, social security benefits transfers, educational placements and various plans for up and coming events in the community flats in Dundee despite the tension in his growing bladder. Doing a final check of tenancy agreements and numbers he happened to glance at the clock on his laptop and see it was almost 5:30pm when the call came through at last from Dundee and Angus foodbank that the funds were finally in place. Standing tensely at reception Daniel looked back into the vast cruise ship with its approximately 130 people still living on board and realised that this was the last ever Friday he’d be there. Signing out on his last ever full week he felt proud, slightly anxious about the week to come, and desperate to get home to his own private bathroom. .

It had been him who pushed for the tower block in Dundee even when he knew others wouldn’t like it and him who fought for the funding to get the project through. Hoping he’d made the right decision he noticed Ellen’s car still in the car park as he drove the short distance home alone wriggling around urgently in the driver’s seat. Scared of having a repeat of what happened before he pulled his car down the side of the house then reached in for his laptop bag before running to the back door. Twisting his body and squeezing hard he somehow unlocked the door as the mountain of coffee inside him begged and screamed for release. 

Not even having time to remove his shoes or coat Daniel slammed the door closed behind him as he raced through the kitchen and living room straight into the entrance hallway and the downstairs loo. Seeing the upturned umbrella still by the front door from the night before he toyed with the idea of pissing into it a second time but with his hands on the door he pushed the toilet open instead and fumbled towards the toilet against the wall. Yanking at his trousers desperately Daniel pulled both his trousers and boxers down to get to his penis quicker as he aimed for the toilet just in time.

Almost feeling like he was being transported to another realm of reality by the utter relief of getting to pee at last Daniel sighed loudly as urine splashed loudly into the bowl in front of him. Thinking of Ellen and wishing she could have witnessed his sudden desperation Daniel smiled to himself at the thought that she would be back with him very soon. Leaving the bathroom feeling several pounds lighter Daniel returned to put his car in the garage properly before coming back into the kitchen. Finding himself automatically going to the freezer to chose one of his mum’s dinners Daniel had to stop himself even as his stomach rumbled. He needed to keep busy to keep his mind and body off of the fact he was hungry as he looked around thinking what he could do.

Walking into the living room feeling at a loose end he looked at the carpet and had a moment of inspiration. Having agreed to go with Ellen and Celine on the mercy trip to Dundee on Sunday he’d lose his usual day for cleaning so partly so it would still get done and party to distract himself from the wait for Ellen he hoovered, cleaned, tidied up and dusted until he heard a car pulling up the side of the house and he rushed to the back door excited to see Ellen. Listening for her car engine turning off he opened the back door in anticipation as Ellen appeared carrying her own work bag plus two Sainsbury’s carrier bags. Taking the shopping bags off of her he placed them on the kitchen table and then closed the door behind Ellen.

“It’s good to have you back. Did you find anything you liked?”

“I did. And you’ll be pleased to know Sainsbury’s stock Halal meat. I looked for it especially. Do you have a grill or a griddle at all? And I need a couple of saucepans too if you have any?”

“Oh. I think there’s a grill on the cooker. I tend to just put things in the toaster though if that’s easier? And I might have an old pot somewhere here.”

Rummaging in the back of a cupboard Daniel pulled out his one and only saucepan as he rinsed it in the sink and placed it on the kitchen counter.

“Oh and I figured you might not have a potato peeler so I bought one while I was there.”

“I definitely don’t have one of those.”

“Right. If you leave me to it dinner should be ready in just over half an hour.”

Nervous but excited Daniel returned to his cleaning schedule deciding to tackle all the bathrooms while he left Ellen to cook hoping whatever she was making would satisfy his growing hunger. It was so good to have Ellen back in his house as he whistled to himself happily as he scrubbed the bath and sink in the upstairs bathroom before moving onto the ensuite in his bedroom.

*385*2024-03-01 00:28

Ellen says goodbye to Bohdana

Leaving Daniel Ellen planned to return to her desk but before she could reach there she noticed Katya sitting on the floor with her mum standing over her looking stressed. Immediately going over to check they were ok after Katya having been unwell for a few days Ellen soon discovered that the young girl was just having a moment. Keen to help and support Ellen sat on the floor beside the child to try snd understand the problem.

“Why couldn’t I go to school today? It’s so boring on here! There’s no-one to play with and nothing to do!”

Looking around the cruise ship Ellen had to admit that the young girl really had a point. To have spent a full year as a child on board with no outside place to run off steam and no park nearby plus such tiny living spaces had to take its toll both physically and mentally on a child. Watching as the child picked at the carpet by her feet staring at the pattern intensely Ellen wondered if she was missing her best friend more than she was saying.

“You know there’s only a matter of days left here now and then you’ll have your own full flat to live in. Did I tell you that they’re building a garden right below the flats too so you’ll be able to go outside sometimes and play too? You’ll make so many new friends in your new school too. It’s nearer than Pirie Park is to here so you’ll be able to walk there too.”

“But what about Mykhaila and her mum? And my friends here at school? I like it here. I like my teacher. I want to stay!”

“Mykhaila’s mummy is not feeling very well just now honey. She’s being looked after by doctors at the hospital just now and because Mykhaila has no-one else to look after her she’s staying with a different family until her mummy gets better. When you go back to school on Monday I expect she’ll be excited to see you and she can tell you more about where she is staying just now and you can tell her about your move too. Her mummy isn’t well enough to move just now but maybe if she gets better we can keep a nice flat for them both. The others will be back from school later and you’ll have other children to play with then. Are you excited about seeing your new room in your new flat?”

“Not really. I don’t even have a bed or anything to take there and I miss my family in Ukraine.”

“Oh Kayla well I’ve got some news for you! There’s a lovely new bed waiting for you there already. And on Sunday I am going over with some of my friends to take over some new clothes for people and some toys and lots of other things too so you will definitely have your own bed sweetheart. Hey, I’ve got an idea! Why don’t we get up off this carpet and I’ll take you a walk over to the supermarket across the road. I haven’t forgot that I promised you a present because you were stuck in here when you were sick. We could give your mummy time to get some lunch and get some packing done. How does that sound?”

Helping the little girl to stand up Ellen talked to Myroslava who nodded at her suggestion looking relieved to be getting a break from her daughter. Picking up her coat and purse from her desk Ellen signed out the ship with Kayla as they walked the short distance to the huge Sainsburys supermarket just along the road. Sliding Daniels’s notes into her purse Ellen made sure not to touch them as she wandered around with Katya treating her to a jar of craft materials, some paper and a lovely book full of paper dolls with little cardboard clothes. Taking a much happier child back across to the huge cruise ship Ellen couldn’t help but look at it’s imposing features as it dawned on her that within a week there would be nothing more than an empty space in its place.

Handing Katya back into her mum’s care Ellen decided she needed some space to wander around the ship with her mobile taking some photos for her memories. Slipping into the single toilet cubicle on the second floor to have a wee and change her pad she thought back to finding that very toilet one day by accident when she was almost wetting herself and the more recent escapades she’d got up to in that small space with Daniel. Stopping to chat to any of the refugees she saw on her travels she sensed a real apprehension and anxiety about moving yet again and having to start their lives all over fresh for the second tine in just 12 months. Understanding that stress all too well herself, having just lost everything she owned in a fire, she hugged and held each one trying to reassure them as best as she could.

Returning back to the ground floor Ellen knew immediately that the school children had now returned as the noise level increased and the atmosphere changed. Seeing young children running around chasing each other and smelling dinner cooking from the canteen Ellen smiled as she saw Celine and Aran and Daniel all busy at their desks. Catching little Ihor as he tripped right at her feet she lifted him up and hugged him as his harassed young mum hurried towards her.

“He’s fine Inna. I caught him before he hurt himself.”

“Thank you!”

Putting the toddler back down Ellen was just thinking about getting on with some work at last when she saw Bohdana heading towards reception struggling to carry bags and lugging a suitcase behind her. Rushing over to help her she walked with her to reception seeing her dropping her bags and running to hug an older couple. Waiting while Bohdana introduced her to Bert and Bonnie Douglas Ellen recalled how Daniel had spoken about speaking to them on the phone just the day before.

“We’re so happy you’ve let Bohdana stay! It’s such an answer to our prayers. The whole church has been praying about this and now it’s actually happening! We’re having a praise celebration on Sunday. It’s just so wonderful.”

Feeling more emotional than usual Ellen wiped a tear from her eye as she too hugged Bohdana and said her own goodbyes.

“Keep in touch! I’ll miss you!”

Watching Bohdana signing out for the final time and the couple helping her with her belongings Ellen waved not really expecting any of them to even see. When she’d signed up for the job she’d never expected to get so emotionally attached to the residents but now a year on she saw them all not just as refugees but as personal friends.

Feeling like she really needed some fresh air, and still having her coat on from being out earlier with Katya, she signed out the ship herself and walked slowly back towards the large superstore nearby. Since the fire at her house on Wednesday she’d not once been able to cook herself a meal and the thought of actually being able to do such a simple everyday thing like that again gave her a real lift. Debating between perhaps something simple and traditional like sausage and mash or something a bit more complicated like a full roast dinner she held her purse in her hand in her pocket excited to actually have money to spend. Walking through the front doors of the bright large supermarket Ellen suddenly remembered about Daniel’s religious need for Halal meat as she made her way to the meal aisle hoping by some miracle that there might be some sort of meat that would be acceptable to Daniel. Spotting some fresh Halal lamp chops she inspected them and grinned.

Perfect. Grilled Lamb chops with fresh basil accompanied by new potatoes and green beans with some added mint sauce should either of them wish. Filling her basket Ellen couldn’t wait to get cooking as she popped in some apple pie and custard for pudding and walked to the checkouts to pay.

*386*2024-03-02 00:59

Eating Ellen’s cooking

Hearing Ellen call up to him Daniel finished what he was doing, washed his hands and made his way downstairs to the kitchen following the beautiful smell that was luring him in. Seeing a dinner freshly dished up on the table with two glasses of water ready he sat down eagerly, immediately clasping his hands to his face, closing his eyes and thanking Allah.

“Bismillah”

Looking up he saw Ellen smiling at him.

“I hope you like it.”

Knowing that as a Muslim it was against the Qur’an to criticise food in any way he smiled back as he cut into the meat and put a piece in his mouth.

“It smells delicious. Thank you for making this.”

“You’re welcome. I put the receipt and your change on the counter over there. There’s pudding as well if you want some after this.”

Looking up from his plate Daniel raised his eyebrows curiously.

“I only ever get pudding at my mum’s. I could get used to this.”

Really enjoying the flavoursome meal with its fresh ingredients and tasty combinations Daniel bit and chewed and swallowed quicker than he intended to as his stomach received each forkful gratefully. So preoccupied with consuming the food in front of him he was taken aback slightly when Ellen began talking.

“Did you see Bohdana leaving this afternoon? The couple she’s going to stay with seem lovely. Such a lovely young lady. I’m going to miss her.”

“I must have missed that. I had a rather stressful afternoon trying to chase up payment to the charities in Dundee. They will all need to work flat out now to get organised in time for Wednesday. I worry they might not have enough volunteers but there’s not much else I can do. They should have been paid almost a week ago. Mind you if we were leaving it all to Keith then they still wouldn’t know the refugees even existed. Quite what that man has been doing for the last few months is beyond me.”

“Please tell me they’ve got their money now though?”

Nodding to answer as his mouth was full of food Daniel chewed on his lamb until it was small enough to swallow.

“Not until half past 5 though! I hate last minute things like that. So much unnecessary stress for everyone. There is some good news though. Celine has done an amazing job with the furniture. There’s been a number of large deliveries already. So much so that the community fates are full of beds just now and flats 1A and 1C are both full of various things too. There’s been a large donation from Matalan of clothing which is all on rails in another flat on the second floor and all the current occupied flats now have flooring in at least one bedroom as well as the kitchen, main living room and bathroom. The big IKEA delivery is arriving on Monday morning but we could do with some volunteers to build it all yet. My inbox is bulging with all the progress that’s been made.”

“That’s incredible isn’t it, especially when you think that we’ve arranged all that from Glasgow with no help from anyone in Dundee at all.”

“Apart from the contractors.”

“True. Claypots have been great, especially Rob. It’s really kind of him to be there to help us on Sunday. There’s no way we’d have got the keys to the flats from the council. I feel so much better moving everyone so far away when I at least know they have beds, couches, food and facilities to cook.”

“It’ll feel so strange going back to working in the city centre offices again next week. I thought I’d miss it but I haven’t missed it one bit, especially not the parking!”

“I won’t know what to do with myself on Thursday. My heart will go with them all on Wednesday. So how was your dinner? You ready for pudding?”

Pushing his empty plate to the side Daniel gulped some more water to wash it down as he placed his used cutlery neatly on the plate.

“You’re spoiling me Ellen.”

Watching happily while Ellen took the plates to the sink then fetched hot apple pie from the oven he sat expectantly as she heated some custard in the microwave and poured it over two slices of the pie neatly dished up on side plates. Taking one of the plates from her he sat it in front of himself as he looked forward to eating it.

“I can’t remember the last time I had apple pie and custard. Probably when I was back at school.”

“Really?”

“There’s big debate in the Muslim community as to whether we should eat custard. We’re only allowed to eat Halal food and while the ingredients in this are all fine some argue that the way it is made isn’t Halal and therefore we should avoid it. Mum tends to always err on the side of caution with Halal food so she just never eats or serves it.”

“I had no idea. I’m sorry if I have offended you.”

“Not at all. I’m not practicing like my mum. If I was I’d be praying right now for the Isha prayers. I still keep the faith in some areas but in the ones I feel matter, not just for the sake of doing things. Like the Halal meat. The ways animals are treated really matters to me. If I’m going to eat them my conscience feels better knowing they were treated well and humanly killed so I keep that one. I say the dua before meals mostly because I still very much believe in Allah and I am thankful for everything he provides for me. But getting all pedantic about the what ifs of how something is made on the off chance there’s meat products or geletin involved somewhere is just a waste of time to me. The ingredients in custard are all Halal and that’s good enough for me. Besides it’s too delicious to not eat.”

“What about the apple pie? Is that Halal?”

Daniel smiled warmly at his girlfriend.

“Definitely. You’ve done amazing!”

“I had no idea. I knew you’d said about meat so I looked for that especially but I honestly thought it was only meat that was the issue. I feel so ignorant about your religion Daniel.”

“Most people think the same so don’t worry. It’s just normal for me like it’s normal for someone with allergies to avoid items that they know make them sick. It becomes routine quickly. My mum would never even eat on the cruise ship because others were eating non Halal foods there. That’s taking things too far for me. We can’t and shouldn’t expect others to make the same choices as us in life. In my mind it’s about respect. You wouldn’t deliberately buy or cook something you knew went against Islam and that’s what matters to me. That was such a delicious meal. You’re a wonderful cook Ellen. When did you learn to cook like that?”

“Some of the foster placements I had grew up in wouldn’t let you near the kitchen but some wanted us to learn basics skills so we could live independently one day. One of them was always asking me to help in the kitchen and I got to watch them make everything from scratch. It fascinated me as I always thought everything came out of tins and packets before that. I picked up more from watching YouTube. I’m no chef by any means but when I can afford fresh ingredients I try to cook from scratch when I can. This was an easy one as I just grilled the chops, boiled some potatoes and mashed them and cooked the green beans in the microwave. I can teach you if you’d like.”

“That sounds like a plan. Though don’t tell my mum if you ever meet her. I think she secretly loves cooking for me and looking after me.”

“I’m not in any hurry to meet your mum so don’t worry about that.”

“Fair enough. Do you mind if I tell her about you though? I spend my Saturdays with her so I’ll be seeing her tomorrow and I’d love to tell her I’ve met someone.”

“Are we at that stage already of you telling your family?”

“We told Celine and Aran?”

“I suppose we did. The question is though: am I Halal or not?”

“You are more than Halal to me darling. You’re absolutely perfect.”

*387*2024-03-04 00:48

Adult discussions

Busy preparing and cooking the dinner Ellen was surprised how easy she was finding her way around Daniel’s kitchen. She’d always admired it from the very first time she’d seen it but now cooking in it the quality of the workmanship and material really stood out. From the soft self closing cupboard doors to the integrated appliances and the smooth edges it was such a pleasure to even use the microwave, which she thankfully figured out very quickly.

Dishing the food up she went to look for Daniel, calling for him from half way up the stairs. Placing the plates on the dining table with two glasses of cold water she waited for Daniel to arrive and sit before sitting down herself. Just like he’d done the night before on their date Ellen watched quietly as Daniel cupped his hands to his face and said something quietly. Felling slightly awkward, like she was perhaps intruding on some religious ritual she knew nothing about, she smiled at him and waited for him to start eating before saying that she really hoped he’d like what she’d cooked. Certainly by the speed at which he was forking it into his mouth it seemed very much like he was enjoying it as Ellen ate a bit slower, taking time to savour the flavour and chat to her boyfriend.

Sticking to work related topics at first Ellen listened as Daniel updated her on how some of the Dundee charities had only just received the funding to provide for the final batch of refugees moving in on Wednesday. Shocked and saddened that what should have been a very straightforward matter had turned into something much more complicated and stressful for Daniel Ellen was relieved and proud to hear that Daniel had got everything sorted. She had so much respect for him, so much regard for his quiet studious ways and the air of authority he seemed to carry so naturally. 

The conversation moved on easily and Ellen was fascinated to hear all about Halal and what that meant for Daniel. How ignorant she’d been about his beliefs! She chosen food based on her preferences and hadn’t even given any thought about the suitability for a Muslim like Daniel. Other than meat, which Daniel had always been forthright in telling her about, she’d just assumed anything else would be fine to eat and she’d never ever have thought something as simple as custard could cause such a debate.

Feeling well and truly educated, and promising herself that she’d learn more about it as soon as work calmed down, she was so happy to hear that her choice of both main course and sweet had been acceptable and well received. Allowing Daniel to share more she felt touched that he was happy to open up to her about his mum and his religion. All was going well until, rather suddenly it felt to Ellen, Daniel asked about telling his mum all about her! Shocked by this sudden change of tone and direction Ellen look at Daniel hoping he was joking. Clearly he wasn’t though as her heart beat loud and fast and the hairs on the back of her neck stood on end.

“Are we really at that stage of telling family already?”

Convinced it was still very early days for something as serious as that Ellen looked Daniel in the eye as he nonchalantly shrugged his shoulders and defended himself by stating that they’d already told people at work. Sure that was true but then they were only going to be working with them for another three days and she’s only agreed to them knowing because it was getting more and more obvious and she wanted to avoid any gossip. Why was Daniel so keen for his mum to know anyway? Picking up the pudding bowls Ellen walked towards the sink trying to stay as calm and cool as possible. Seeing the dinner plates in the sink she had a sudden fear.

“You’re not wanting her to cook meals for me too are you? That’s not why you want her to know is it?”

Seeing Daniel turn around on his seat to face her she glanced back towards him waiting for his answer.

“That thought hadn’t even occurred to me Ellen. It’s just…well ever since my dad died and my mum came here and saw me absolutely off my face with alcohol I sort of promised her that if anything happened in my life, good or bad, that I’d always tell her. I don’t tell her confidential stuff relating to work or anything like that but I did tell her that I wasn’t working in the office just now and I let her know I was away on business that day we went to Dundee. She’s getting on and lives on her own. It’s only right she knows if I’m not about or have changed jobs and stuff. Last Saturday when I left her house early to come and pick you up from the charity shop I told her I had an appointment because I wanted to keep you to myself for a bit longer. Wed only been dating a few days and I didn’t want to jinx anything. But it feels different now, what with you living here. I just feel she should know but if you’d rather I didn’t I will respect that.”

Having never had family to confide in or share her life with Ellen felt like she had no right to deny Daniel his wish, though she did add that she was only staying there as a result of the house fire and not because their relationship was that serious yet. Seeing Daniel nod she really hoped he understood as he stood up and walked towards her.

“Leave the dishes Ellen. I’ll do them. You go relax.”

Allowing Daniel to kiss her on the neck lightly as she passed him to do as he said she picked her laptop case off the table and slipped into the lounge. Taking a moment to read the news she shook her head at the first news headline about the housing crisis and how Glasgow City Coucil had just declared a ‘housing emergency’, the second council to do so in Scotland in a matter of months. Reading in horror that there were over 5,200 open homelessness cases in the city Ellen sighed. None of what she was reading was news to her working in the sector as a charity representative but the scale of the problem was even more personal now she was homeless herself. She was just finishing ready the story when Daniel walked in handing her a mug of tea.

“Have you read tonight’s news?”

“I haven’t had a chance yet. Anything interesting?”

“Were headline news tonight. Well at least you are…in a way.”

“Me? How come?”

“Glasgow City council has today become the second Scottish council to declare a housing emergency amid mounting pressure on homelessness services. A city council committee agreed the move due to ‘unprecedented pressures’ facing the local authority, which currently has over 5,200 open homelessness applications at present.”

“I knew it was bad but jeez that’s worse than even I thought. No wonder Archie was so keen on this Dundee move. All well and good them declaring an emergency though. The question is what will be done about it?”

“It’s not looking good for me finding somewhere either. I’m probably going to have to apply for benefits soon too with my job ending. That’s not exactly going to go in my favour either. I had no idea there were that many open homelessness cases just in Glasgow. That’s more than five times what we had on the Adventurer II to begin with!”

“It’s a hell of a lot isn’t it. I knew the council were under extreme pressure, which is why I jumped at the opportunity in Dundee. A full tower block was a dream come true, even if you didn’t want to see it at first.”

“I honestly thought something would come up here in Glasgow. Makes you wonder why the council agreed to take the cruise ship in the first place.”

“It’s all political isn’t it. You never hear of us taking thousands of refugees from Mexico or Sudan and both of them are at war. If it involves Russia suddenly we have to be seen to be helping. Look how many have given Celine things because it’s Ukraine refugees. Politicians want to be seen to be doing what the people want because ultimately they want our votes. Yet when the refugees arrive we realise that actually we don’t have housing for them after all. It’s why they should never have placed a huge amount all in one local authority. Glasgow just wanted to be seen as the friendly city. How wonderful we are for taking in these poor people when in fact all it’s done is exasperate an already existing crisis. It’s a political football now isn’t it?”

“I suppose. I love Shelter and everything they stand for but right now I’m sort of glad my job is ending. How do you tell a young family who have just had their private let home sold off by the owners under a section 21 that there’s nowhere for them to go? How long will it be before we run out of hotel rooms and guest houses? What do we do then? Get a Bibby Stockholm barge here like they’ve got in Portland in England?”

“We need more social housing but in the meantime that doesn’t help all those 5,200 people waiting does it? My mum is right when she says I’ll always have a job. She was sceptical when I first joined the council. She really wanted me to be a doctor like my dad. But over time I think she’s warmed to it and as she says everyone needs a home and there will always be people growing up and needing somewhere to live. It’s a fact of life. We need people like you Ellen that really care and aren’t afraid to speak out. It’s because of the likes of you and Celine that we’re able to give the refugees as much as we have. Like you say there’s thousands of our own people needing help just as desperately too.”

Enjoying having someone to talk to about how she felt, and appreciating Daniel’s thoughts and opinions greatly, Ellen sipped at her tea feeling very grateful to have a roof over her head even if it wasn’t an ideal situation. Yawning after a long hard day she looked across at Daniel changing the subject.

“You don’t mind me sleeping in your spare room do you? It’s not that I don’t like sharing your bed it’s just…well we both need our personal space sometimes too don’t we?”

“I’ve not had a chance to even look at that yet Ellen. I’ve been using it as an office and storage. There’s not even a bed in it but I will get one as soon as I can. I don’t expect sex every night you know. I won’t be offended if you’re not in the mood.”

A little deflated but exhausted Ellen looked over at the couch Daniel was sitting on opposite her.

“I don’t mind the couch until you get a bed if that’s ok?”

“You’re not sleeping on the couch Ellen. You can have my bed. I’ll sleep on the couch. I’m not going to my mum’s until late morning so I’ll order a bed first thing. Please use my bedroom as you want. I promise I will give you all the space you need.”

