The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 16

Author: Mbgpeelover

*388*2024-03-06 00:22

A night of little sleep

Thinking everything was going well Daniel was surprised to see Ellen rather suddenly pick up the pudding plates and take them to the sink before quite abruptly asking if the reason he wanted to tell his mum about her was simple so she would cook for her too. What? That wasn’t what it was about at all. Sighing to himself he explained, yet again, how things worked between him and his mum. What was Ellen’s problem with her knowing he now had a girlfriend? It wasn’t like he was asking Ellen to meet her…yet.

Hoping to get things back on track he quickly suggested to Ellen that she could go into the lounge to relax while he washed up the few dishes in the sink. Despite spending so much time with Ellen she really was a bit of a mystery at times and he wasn’t sure what was different about her today and why she was blowing so hot and cold. By the time he returned into the lounge with tea and coffee Ellen seemed calm once again, much to his relief. Seeing her sitting in the arm chair with her laptop open he sat on the couch opposite as she happily chatted about the big news story of the day which happened to be something he knew plenty about. It didn’t surprise him in the least that Glasgow was in the midst of a housing emergency, a fact only exasperated by the arrival of over 1000 refugees on a cruise ship.

Chatting easily with Ellen Daniel felt things were moving along well until Ellen once again brought up sleeping in the spare bedroom. Still confused why she felt this was necessary Daniel felt he had to explain that in fact he had no spare bed at present and in fact the spare bedroom was all set up as an office and storage space. Seeing Ellen’s palpable upset at this he found himself agreeing to sleep on the couch, determined that Ellen would have the only bed. Nipping upstairs to brush his teeth and wash before bed he left Ellen alone in his bedroom longing to stay with her but wanting to respect her wishes too.

Grabbing the blanket from the drawer he stripped down to his underwear and tried to get comfortable on the couch all the time wondering how things had changed so quickly. Did Ellen no longer find him attractive? They’d barely even kissed all day let alone had any sexual contact. Had he said something that had upset her or done something to offend her? Just the night before they’d had a lovely date together but now here they were sleeping in separate rooms more like house mates than boyfriend and girlfriend. 

Unable to sleep Daniel switched on his laptop again and started looking up single beds. The couch was barely passable for one night let alone days or weeks. Thinking a bed settee might be a better option in the hope that Ellen would come round to sleeping in his bed again soon he placed an order online with delivery booked for the first available slot on the Monday afternoon between 4 and 8pm. Turning the laptop off he pulled a cushion over and did his best to get comfortable to try and get some sleep.

Waking frequently by 6am Daniel had had enough as he tossed the blanket aside and got up to make himself a coffee. Drinking it while checking out a car wedsite online he was surprised to see Ellen come down dressed in just her underpants looking bleary eyed and tired. Looking up at her and immediately being drawn to her beautiful large curvy breast he felt his body awakening quickly as he looked over his laptop.

“Good morning. Did you sleep ok?”

“Not really. Is it ok if I make myself a cup of tea?”

“Of course it is. Actually I’ll make it for you if you’d like? It’s still early. Would you like it brought upstairs?”

Realising Ellen had followed him and she was now standing under the archway watching him Daniel smiled at her as she yawned.

“Rough night?”

“I kept seeing my back of flats and smelling the smoke and thinking of everything I’ve lost.”

Pouring out the boiling water into a mug with a tea bag in Daniel waited wondering if Ellen might say more. When she didn’t he handed her the mug and guided her through back into the living room.

“Would it help to talk about it?”

Seeing Ellen place her mug down on the coffee table and sit in the armchair Daniel felt so happy that she wanted to be with him after not wanting him in bed with her last night.

“I’m sorry if I’ve been a bit off with you Daniel. I really am grateful that you are letting me stay here. It’s just what with the fire this week and the long interview yesterday and the stress we are under at work and seeing Bohdana leaving yesterday I have just been really emotional and tired. I wasn’t feeling great yesterday either and I was snappy.”

“Oh. I had no idea you were unwell. I have pain killers here or stomach medicine if it’s that? Are you feeling any better now?”

“Physically I feel better other than being very tired. Emotionally though I don’t know. Everything always seems so much worse at this time of the month though but the thought of saying goodbye to everyone on the Adventurer II on Wednesday just makes me so upset.”

Looking at Ellen slightly confused and puzzled his expressions must have been obvious as Ellen looked at him sympathetically.

Quietly, head down and not giving eye contact, Daniel had to listen hard as Ellen whispered as if she was reluctant to even be heard.

“I’m bleeding.”

Raising his eyebrows Daniel looked directly at Ellen even though she wasn’t looking anywhere near him at all.

“Your period? You should have said honey. I’m a big boy. I think I can manage to give you some space for a few days. I ordered a bed last night for the spare room. It’s just a settee bed as I thought that might be better but I really don’t want you feeling you have to sleep in my spare room. If you don’t want sex for any reason I will respect that. I can’t promise I won’t get horny. Geez even seeing you topless right now makes me want you so badly, but I’m not a monster. I’m a Muslim. Self control is part of our culture and faith.”

Gulping down the last of his coffee Daniel crossed his legs very aware that he’d yet to go to the bathroom since waking up. Watching Ellen sipping at her own tea he was so happy to see her look at him again and smile. Pressing a hand to his upper thigh as his bladder pushed for his attention rather urgently Daniel leaned forward to tense his body as Ellen’s eyes widened.

“Do all Muslim men stubbornly hold their morning pee like you do too then?”

Embarrassed, but delighted to see the old Ellen reemerging again, Daniel chuckled.

“I have no idea but I didn’t want to be rude when we were chatting. I’ll be back in a minute. Man I’m seriously bursting!”

Hearing Ellen laugh, the contagious raucous laugh that always drew him to Ellen and made her so unbelievably attractive to him, Daniel grabbed himself as he turned to look at Ellen from behind.

“You’d better go Daniel. We don’t want a repeat of that video you sent me do we?”

His mind racing as he thought back to the video he’d emailed Ellen earlier in the week he pushed open the door to the downstairs loo and practically threw himself towards the toilet as he pulled his penis out the leg of his underwear for speed. Hearing a loud splash as the urine hit the water Daniel breathed a large sigh of relief. Boy that had been a close call. Having a coffee before peeing in the morning was alway something he regretted no matter how much he was thirty or needed a pick up.

*389*2024-03-07 00:46

Ellen enjoys seeing Daniel waiting

Lying alone in Daniel’s bed Ellen struggled to settle. Thinking back to every bed she could remember sleeping in growing up, the couches she’d curled up on in friends houses, and her time sleeping rough in a disused warehouse freezing and uncomfortable, she felt a tear drip down her cheek. It might just be a bed but it felt symbolic of all she’d lost that she was once again lying in someone else’s bed reliant on their kindness just to be able to sleep comfortably and safe. . Missing her own bed in her own flat her mind filled with all the things she’d never see again. Work helped her not to think about it but now lying in the dark with no distractions it consumed her every thought. Tossing and turning all night she couldn’t shift the sight of her burnt out block of flats from her mind as her subconsciousness transported her back to being outside beside the police looking up at the badly damaged building smelling the smoke as if was happening all over again.

Getting up out the bed, forgetting she still hadn’t located her night shirt and had climbed into the bed in just her underpants, she wandered downstairs hoping to be able to make herself a cuppa without waking Daniel up. To her surprise Daniel was not only awake but sitting up on the couch on his laptop with a mug of coffee in his hand. Hearing him ask if shed slept ok Ellen answered truthfully sharing her ongoing nightmares about the fire. Daniel appeared compassionate and understanding, offering to make her a tea and even asking if she’d like to talk about her nightmares. It was such a kind offer but Ellen just wanted to try and forget them as she took the tea from Daniel and sat down.

Consumed with guilt for how she’d treated Daniel the night before she sipped at her tea contritely and quietly as she tied to explain why she’d been so uncharacteristically grumpy and bad tempered the day before. Embarrassed by her own body function, and afraid of losing Daniel because she wasn’t in the mood for sex, she looked at the floor as her face burned red as she blurted out that she was bleeding. Surprisingly he seemed to know what it was much more than she ever expected as she slowly raised her eyes to look at him again.

Despite chatting calmly and casually Daniel’s body language seemed tense and stressed as Ellen watched his back tighten and his legs cross tightly. Listening as his words talked about self control Ellen sensed his words were reflective of much more than just refraining from sex for a few days. Seeing the empty coffee mug now sitting by his laptop Ellen gazed in delight as Daniel pushed a hand hard on his thigh and leaned forward awkwardly. It was now obvious to Ellen why he was looking so uncomfortable even as he joked about her being topless and making him horny. The way he was sitting and how he was acting wasn’t the hallmark of a horny man trying to hide it but rather a man with a achingly full bladder trying desperately not to burst.

Unable to resist teasing her boyfriend just a little she remarked cheekily about Muslim men and self control, jokingly asking if all of them held their pee. That had the desired effect as Ellen loved hearing Daniel finally confess that he was indeed bursting to piss as he stood up and raced towards the downstairs bathroom clutching himself tightly. Despite bleeding Ellen couldn’t help but feel very aroused by the sight and his actions and words as she smiled to herself recalling the erotic video Daniel had sent her earlier in the week.

Finishing her tea while Daniel used the bathroom Ellen waited on him returning before excusing herself to get washed and ready. Loving the feeling of the hot water running over her weary body she felt much more awake and alert afterwards as she put on her usual leggings and top and returned back downstairs to find Daniel dressed and in the kitchen.

“I need to get into the city for about 8:45 at the latest. The parking is awful so I was wondering if there’s a bus that takes me in if it’s ok to leave my car here? I finish at 5:30 so if it’s ok I will just come straight back after my shift. Will you be home by then?”

In between bites of toast Daniel replied.

“I think there’s a bus you can get. I’ve never got it myself but I see it passing often. At a guess I’d reckon it might take about half an hour with the traffic. I was going to head across to Morrisons to the key cutting place and get you a key cut but I can drop you off at the charity shop first if you’d like? I don’t mind.”

Taking a moment to think while she filled the kettle with fresh water Ellen nodded over towards Daniel then confirmed her answer verbally.

“That would be great if you don’t mind. I’m really not the best with directions sometimes I can ask Margot if she knows where to get the bus back at the end of the day.”

“I can pick you up again then too if you’d like?”

“Won’t you be at your mums?”

“I will but I’m sure she won’t mind me leaving a bit early again. To be honest with you I’ll probably be grateful to leave by then. I love my mum dearly but she’s really strict. She hates me using my mobile while I’m there unless it’s to order her groceries as she says it’s rude. I always have to dress really smart and she’s always got a list of jobs for me to do. By the time you’re finished I’ll be so glad to get away.”

“Ir sounds more like prison that family if you ask me.”

“Believe it or not she’s actually a very caring woman. I think it’s just how she was brought up. I never even owned a pair of jeans as a child.”

“I was wondering why you were wearing a suit on a Saturday.”

“Well now you know. Do you want any toast? The bread isn’t as fresh as I like it but it’s still in date…just. I’ll pick up some essentials while I’m out at the supermarket this morning. I noticed we need milk too.”

Feeling bad for eating and drinking without any thought to the fact it was all Daniel’s Ellen pulled out her purse to offer him some money.

“I’ve only got £5 just now but you’re welcome to it towards the bread and milk.”

“Don’t be daft Ellen. I asked you to stay didn’t I? You need your money for yourself right now. Get yourself some lunch with that instead. There’s some jam in the fridge if you’d like that on your toast or there’s honey in the cupboard?”

“Just butter is fine. Honestly.”

Sitting down with her fresh mug of tea while Daniel made her toast Ellen glanced up at the clock on the wall.

“How long will it take to get into the city from here?”

“Ten minutes. 15 max.”

“It’s a lovely area this. You have a beautiful house Daniel. Is there a garden behind the garage too?”

“There is yes. I hire a gardener to keep everything in order.”

“I’d love to see it sometime. I’ve always wanted a garden.”

“It’s not that big out the back. The garage eats into it quite a bit but what’s behind it is very secluded and secure.”

“It’s sounds lovely.”

“I’ll show you one days when we’ve got time. I hope this is nice. I’ll just be next door checking my emails before I need to leave.”

Taking the side plate of buttered toast from Daniel Ellen sat it down and took a bite as Daniel disappeared into the living room. Trying to imagine the back garden Ellen loved the idea of it being secluded as her mind filled with sexy naughty ideas of having fun there one day soon when her period was finished.

*390*2024-03-07 11:23

Left it a little too late writing this last night and this was the result.

&&

*392*2024-03-08 00:51

Daniel tells his mum about Ellen

Feeling much more relaxed Daniel walked back into the living room to see Ellen standing up ready to go upstairs. Leaving her to use the ensuite he washed himself in the main bathroom before heading into his bedroom for clean clothes. Putting on his navy suit with an open white shirt he headed back down to the kitchen before Ellen got out the shower. Making himself another coffee and some toast he was sitting eating when Ellen appeared looking beautiful in her customary leggings and long sleeved long top. Offering to make her toast they chatted easily about their plans for the day as he offered to drop her off at the charity shop she volunteered at and pick her up again at the end of her shift. He wasn’t due at his mum’s until mid morning so he’d already decided to call in at the local supermarket and get a key cut to the house and pick up some food supplies

Popping some bread in the toaster for Ellen he smiled as she commented on what a nice area it was as she looked out the kitchen window and asked about the garden. Not being green fingered in the slightest Daniel felt a little awkward about admitting he had a gardener, though Ellen seemed much more interested in the fact the back garden was secured and private than the fact he didn’t even cut his own grass. Maybe she was wanting to do some naked sunbathing in the summer? He certainly wouldn’t complain if that was the case!

Time seemed to move quickly as they tidied up and collected everything they needed to leave. Forgetting Ellen’s car was blocking his in Daniel pulled down the driveway behind hers then waved Ellen back up the side of the house before guiding her to pull her car right into the garage. Locking it safely inside they walked back down the driveway together chatting easily before getting into his car and heading towards the city centre where Ellen volunteered. Remembering the way from having picked her up the week before Daniel was glad the weather had improved somewhat from the torrential rain they’d had the previous weekend as he kissed his girlfriend on the cheek and wished her a good day in the shop.

Driving away alone he switched on the radio for company as he drove back towards his own house and the supermarket just across the street. Handing the key into the key cutting booth just opposite the tills he filled a basket with things he knew he needed now that there were two adults in the house instead of one: fresh bread, more milk, some fruit, a box of teabags, butter and some eggs. By the time he’d paid for everything and bagged it up the key had been cut and he made his way home happily, looking forward to giving Ellen her own key. Putting the shopping away he reminded himself to go to the bathroom knowing he wouldn’t get the chance to go again until after he’d left his mother’s house. Having a quick check of his emails over one final coffee he washed his mug up, closed his laptop and left for his mum’s.

Ringing the bell he brushed his suit down under his heavier jacket and ran his fingers through his hair nervously. He always had to look smart as far as his mum was concerned. Waiting to be invited in the smell of cooking wafted through the whole house as his mum closed the door and returned immediately to the kitchen. Hanging up his coat he followed her in asking what she was making like he always did. Listening as she listed the meals she was preparing he bit his lip behind her back feeling guilty for not having eaten all the meals she’d so lovingly made him the week before.

“Don’t worry Daniel. There plenty for you too, as always. Can you remember and add more of these disposable tubs to the shopping this week please? I’m starting to get a bit low.”

“No problem mum. Is this all the stuff to get washed?”

“So far yes.”

Knowing what was expected of him Daniel rolled up his sleeves and filled the sink with warm soapy water. Slowly working through the huge pile of dirty dishes he gazed out his mum’s kitchen window thinking of Ellen and wondering how she was getting on.

“I need to order your delivery earlier today again mum. Unfortunately I’m going to have to leave a bit sooner today again. A good friend of mine has had to work in the city today and they are unfamiliar with public transport so I offered to give them a lift back home after their shift. You know what public transport can be like on a Saturday night. Far from ideal for a vulnerable woman.”

Knowing this would get his mum’s attention immediately Daniel wasn’t surprised when she suddenly paused what she was doing and turned to look at him.

“Daniel I know you haven’t been to mosque as much as I’d like, assuming you aren’t going to Ibrahim Masjid near you that is, but may I remind you just how against the Quran it is for Muslim men to be alone with Muslim women, especially in a confined space like your car. I know you mean well, and you’re right that public transport is no place for an upright Muslim lady, but hasn’t she got any family who could help her?”

“My friend isn’t Muslim mum.”

Going back to her cooking Daniel sensed the tangible disappointment in his mum’s body language as she turned her back on him and went quiet. Carrying on washing up so he didn’t need to look at his mum at all Daniel looked out the kitchen window across to the neighbours houses as he spoke as if to himself.

“Her name is Ellen. She’s beautiful and wonderful and I really like her.”

“You need to get back to mosque son. You need to get back to Shahadah and Salah and Sawn. I know you didn’t fast during Ramadan either. Have you forgotten the way you were raised? Your father would be so sad to see you now.”

“You haven’t even met her mum! And how do you even know what dad would feel? He was never even here!”

“He was a Muslim Daniel and you know it. Could you pass me those boxes over so I can dish this up please. Thank you.”

Drying his hands so he could hand his mum some more disposable trays over Daniel tried to get eye contact with her but failed.

“I’m picking her up in town at 5:30 so I’ll order your groceries and more of these trays after lunch. I’ll still hoover your stairs and clean your bathroom and anything else you need done too. I’ll be out of town tomorrow too. I’m off to Dundee again but I’ll be home by the evening. It’s another work related trip again. I’ll be doing the same again on Wednesday but that will be the last one. From next week I’ll be back working from the office again in the city centre.”

“Is this…woman…going with you to those trips?”

“Actually mum she is. She’s a work colleague of mine. A very valued and respected colleague in fact. She’s incredible at what she does to be honest with you. We’ve been working together for a year now but it took me a while to see how amazing she really is. She’s so strong and committed yet kind and compassionate too. She’s invested everything into the project we’ve been working on all the time knowing that as soon as the project was complete her job would end. That takes courage and grit I think.”

“So you won’t see her when you go back to the office?”

“Not at work no.”

“Good. I know you want a good lady in your life Daniel but get back to moque. Go to that one on Paisley Road West just along from where you are. Get back to praying and fasting and the faith. A good Muslim woman will find you soon. I am sure of it.”

Putting the cardboard lids on the trays and sealing them as his mum filled them Daniel spoke quietly knowing his mum would still be listening.

“I’m actually very happy with Ellen. Very happy indeed.”

His mum said nothing more as she dated and wrote on the containers and stacked them in her fridge as Daniel helped. They worked in silence until Mrs Omari spoke first.

“Put the kettle on please Daniel. All that cooking has made me thirsty.”

Doing as his mum requested Daniel made two coffees and carried them into the lounge where his mum was now sitting fishing out her knitting from a bag. Trying to get things back to a safer place Daniel asked about her week listening as she moaned about the cancelled food delivery, the awful weather they’d had last weekend and all the things in the house that needed doing. Offering to get started on his mums weekly list of chores he swept and mopped the kitchen and lounge while his mum knitted then dusted and polished while the floors dried.

“I don’t want anything hot for lunch today. I’ll just make us some pitta and falafel with dips.”

Leaving his mum to prepare more food Daniel vacuumed the stairs looking up at the bathroom and wondering if he dared try and sneak in. Regretting having had a coffee at home before he left he was already feeling like he needed to go and that was before he knew he’d be offered a drink with his lunch. Gazing up at the illusive bathroom that he hadn’t set foot in since living at home he was on the verge of risking a quick visit when his mum appeared behind him watching his every move.

“You will have time to change my bedding won’t you? It’s getting much damper and colder and I’m wanting my winter duvet on now.”

“Of course mum. I’ll get to that after lunch.”

“Thank you. Lunch is ready in the kitchen now.”

“Thanks. I’ll just put the vacuum away first.”

“I’ll wait here for you.”

*394*2024-03-09 01:08

Short staffed in the shop

Ellen always felt strange being a passenger in a car when she was able to driver herself but she was grateful to Daniel for the lift as parking near the charity shop was always an issue. Getting out on the main road she walked around the back to the staff door pushing it open to find Margot already inside.

“Hi Margot! How’s things?”

Surprised to see the older woman sitting on one of the arm chairs looking at some papers Ellen went over to check all was ok.

“Oh hi Ellen! Sorry I was miles away there! I was just looking through the details of applicants for some vacancies. We’ve been so short staffed all week so I put a sign up asking for people to volunteer. These are the details of everyone who has enquired so far.”

“Any look good?”

“A few possibles but nothing great sadly. Couple of students, an elderly lady in her late seventies and a man who hasn’t even given his address.”

“Ah. I see what you mean. How are we fixed today then?”

“Not good I’m afraid. There’s you and me and two lads on deliveries and that’s it. I don’t know if it’s the weather or the time of year but I’ve never seen things so bad. Anyway how’s your week been lovely?”

“Not great actually to tell you the truth. My job finishes up this Wednesday. I’ve had an interview for something I’m really interested in but it’s not in Glasgow sadly.”

“Oh. Where is it then?”

“Dundee.”

“Geez now that IS rather far away isn’t it? How on earth would you commute to there and back every day?”

“Well that’s another problem I have right now. Did you hear about the fire during the week at a block of flats in Govan at all? That was my block. The flat is currently uninhabitable and I can’t see it being renovated any time soon. Actually I reckon they’ll end up knowing the whole lot down as it was so badly damaged.”

Almost being knocked lover by the older lady standing up and putting her arms around her Ellen fell silent in the shock.

“Oh pet! What a horrible horrible thing to happen! Please tell me you’re not sleeping on the streets again? Have you been given a temporary house somewhere local?”

“I’m staying with a friend just now. It’s not ideal but it’s a roof over my head and I’m very grateful they’ve let me stay. So where do you want me to start this morning?”

“You should have text me sweetheart. I don’t have a spare room but I wish you had let me know.”

Walking towards the front door with Margot following Ellen turned to her friend as she pressed to pull the electric shutters up.

“There was nothing you could do and I didn’t want to worry you. As soon as I get a new job somewhere I can put money aside for a deposit on a new place. The landlord still expects me to pay rent on my current flat but I’m going to cancel that direct debit and give him notice to leave. He was only going to put the rent up in a couple of months anyway. Are we booked out for deliveries today or is there any spaces?”

“I’ll go check but I think there’s still a couple of slots free. Hopefully we don’t get a lot of donations handed in today. What with being so short staffed all week I haven’t got through even half of what’s been handed in since Monday. It’s piling up in the back room quickly.”

Turning the door sign to open Ellen busied herself tidying up, turning the till on and making sure the clothing was all in size order. It wasn’t long before customers began coming in and by mid morning Ellen was so grateful for the mug of tea Margot handed her as she served behind the till. By lunchtime there was a steady flow of customers in the shop as Ellen agreed to hold the fort while Margot nipped out to the local bakers to get them both some lunch. Eating and drinking on the go with no time to actually take a proper break Ellen nibbled at a sandwich whenever she could and drank the can of cola Margot had given her.

By 2:30 things were getting much more of a struggle as the two ladies rushed around helping customers, keeping the large shop tidy and serving at the till. Glancing at the staff room several times Ellen wished things would quieten down for a bit so she could go to the toilet but as fast as she thought it another group of people would come through the door. Glad she was feeling much better than the day before, but very aware she was still on her second day of bleeding, she really wanted a quick break to wee and change her pad but it was impossible to get away or even get a minute to ask Margot to cover.

Standing behind the till moving from foot to foot Ellen looked all around the shop desperate to see Margot so she could leave the till. Finally spotting her over by the baby clothing helping a young mum with a pram Ellen wandered over to speak to her anxious to get a quick break. Noticing Margot herself was looking quite red faced and flustered, something Ellen rarely recalled seeing, Ellen approached her smiling at her to get her attention. Close enough now that they could speak without the whole shop hearing Ellen was just about to ask if she could have a very quick break when Margot stepped closer to her and grabbed her arm.

“Oh Ellen. Please could you take over helping this lady to find some boys age 3-6 months clothing? I’ll be back in just a minute!”

Watching as the much older woman rushed off in the direction of the staff room Ellen hoped she was ok as she helped the customer whilst watching the till at the same time. Finding a few things for the young mum she saw someone waiting at the till and excused herself to serve them. Glad to be behind the desk again she twisted and squirmed longing to get to the loo. She had hoped no one would notice but when a middle aged woman handed her some books she wanted to buy Ellen felt her cheeks turning red as she looked at Ellen smiling.

“I take it you’ve not had a break for a while? Is there no one who could even let you go to the toilet?”

“There’s only the two of us in today. We’re desperate for more volunteers.”

“If you don’t mind me saying you look desperate for something else. Sorry. I work in the sports shop just along from here so I know what it’s like. The person on the till always seems to be the last to get a break in my experience. I hope you get a break soon.”

Ellen just nodded as the customer left feeling mortified that her need to pee had now become so obvious even to strangers. Turning back to serve the young mum she’d just been helping Ellen wondered if Margot was coming back as she struggled to stay composed and concentrate. Remaining behind the desk so she could squirm around Ellen finally caught sight of Margot as she came out the staffroom and walked towards her. Serving one more customer who wanted to order some furniture Ellen did her best to fill in the delivery book with all the details and issue the receipt as Margot hung around nearby. Checking the shop to make sure all was ok Ellen walked towards Margot to tell her she was going for a quick break when the older lady looked at her red faced.

“Sorry I rushed off on you earlier. I had been desperate for the loo for ages and I knew I wasn’t going to make it. We can’t go on with just two of us like this. Especially at the weekends.”

“Do you mind if I have a quick break now?”

“No. Off you go.”

Running towards the staff room Ellen pushed the doors open and immediately grabbed between her legs. Rushing through past the chairs and tables to the toilets at the back she pushed between her legs hard desperate to get to the single cubicle in time. Pulling at the door she stepped in surprised to see the normally clean cubicle floor was soaking wet. Stepping over the puddle as best she could Ellen pulled down her legging and pants and plonked herself on the toilet just in time as a torrent of pee shot out from between her legs into the toilet. Looking down at the floor as her body relaxed and emptied Ellen tapped her foot in the liquid as it dawned on her what she was seeing.

With the delivery guys out on runs and only her and Margot in the shop today Ellen changed her towel and learned over to put the dirty one in the sanitary bin as she noticed something was jammed in the bin. Taking a closer look it was clear it was a ladies pair of fuller style pants that although clean on closer inspection were actually very wet.

Margot had clearly been right when she’d said she knew she wasn’t going to make it. Obviously the poor woman hadn’t and the puddle and wet knickers only proved it. Shaking the bin until the pants fell in Ellen disposed of her used towel then mopped the floor using toilet paper and paper towels anxious to spare her friend and colleague any shame. Margot was a much older woman and Ellen guessed she had tried to wait as long as she could. Had she herself had to wait much longer the puddle could easily have been hers she thought as she washed her hands and headed back into the shop determined not to say anything about what she’s found or what had clearly happened.

*396*2024-03-11 01:04

Daniel turns the table on his mum

Seeing two plates of food and two large glasses of water sitting on the table in the living room when he returned from putting the vacuum away Daniel sighed quietly. Knowing he wouldn’t be able to use the bathroom until after he’d picked Ellen up from her volunteer work he was sure that a large glass of cold water wasn’t a good idea. Drinking just enough to wash down his lunch and satisfy his mother that he wasn’t dehydrated Daniel then pulled out his phone to start his mum’s weekly grocery shop so that he had time to complete all the other tasks before leaving earlier than usual.

Between his mum’s incessant indecision about what she needed that week, combined with her frequent change of conversation, it took Daniel much longer than usual to complete the order. Then being kept busy changing his mum’s duvet and bedding, changing batteries in several items he was starting to think his mum had invented solely to delay him and then asking him to check multiple pieces of mail that had arrived during the week, Daniel was not only needing to piss more but also getting increasingly frustrated and impatient. It was abundantly obvious that his mother was now deliberately holding him back but the notion of fighting against her was something he still couldn’t bring himself to do.

By the time it was getting closer to 4:45pm he was getting more and more anxious, not only about whether his mum would let him leave but also his increasingly full bladder. Coming down from a ladder, where his mum had just made him check every smoke alarm in the property and change all the batteries (needlessly in his mind as none of them were indicating they required changing), he moved from foot to foot suddenly noticing his own mother was standing slightly crossed legged, though it was hard to see under her ankle length dress than ensured her full modesty at all times. Remembering that he’d watched his mother drink her entire glass of water hours ago with her lunch, and a coffee prior to that, he couldn’t help but wonder if her own bladder was very full too.

Anxious to now be getting away soon to pick up Ellen in town he decided to test his theory as subtly as he could in the hope it might just make his mum keen for him to leave so she felt comfortable enough to use the toilet. Knowing his mum would never leave him alone, especially upstairs, he checked his watch and smiled.

“I need to leave shortly mum but I’ve still got time for perhaps one more job. I was wondering…would you like me to clean the bathroom before I go?”

Obviously assuming he was just wanting to help her, and perhaps also thinking this chore might delay him more, Daniel was delighted when his mum nodded in agreement. Heading upstairs with his mum following he opened the bathroom door convinced he heard a tiny whimper behind from his mum. Opening the glass cabinet he pulled out the bath cleaner and showed it to his mum for approval. Seeing a nod he sprayed around the bath freely trying to avoid any eye contact with the toilet behind him. Getting a cloth from the cabinet he turned on the hot tap in the bath turning around to see his mum just as she awkwardly seemed to press her legs together tightly. Bending over the bath Daniel pressed his own penis against the side to help hold his own bladder as he leaned into the bath to wipe and scrub, all the time keeping the hot tap running.

Taking his time to then rinse the cloth under the tap and squeeze it out slowly his eyes caught his mum behind him as she silently stepped from foot to foot. Now convinced his mum had to pee very badly he sought to push her and tease her even more as he ran the sink tap and cleaned it thoroughly, including all around the taps, hearing his mum’s feet moving fast on the tiled floor. Finally searching for bleach he squeezed his own muscles hard as he lifted the toilet lid, poured bleach around the rim and then used the toilet cleaner to clean the inside of the toilet as it flushed. Not content at this he fetched a fresh cloth and began running the tap in the sink again to wet the cloth and spray bathroom cleaner on it to clean the toilet seat and cistern. Until now his mum had remained silent behind him but suddenly now she seemed to draw a breath as she looked anxious and harassed.

“Perhaps I should get your dinners bagged up for you while you finish here.”

Shocked to hear his mum was going to leave him alone, especially in the bathroom, Daniel turned to see her rubbing her leg and looking stressed.

“That sounds great mum. Thanks. I’ll be down shortly as I really must leave soon.”

Watching his mum rushing downstairs Daniel smiled to himself. There was no other bathroom in the house she could use so he assumed her escape was more about needing privacy to hold however she needed to more than her true desire to pack his dinners up. Quickly checking his mum was downstairs and not just hiding somewhere to jump out on him he couldn’t resist taking the opportunity finally to piss as he unzipped hurriedly and aimed for the back of the toilet to pee as silently as possible. Running the tap to disguise the noise of the toilet flushing he washed his hands quickly and put all the cleaning items away. Sneaking downstairs as silently as he could he tiptoed towards the kitchen hearing his mum making unusual gasping noises as he dared to look in from a corner where she couldn’t see.

Watching in shock as his mum leaned forward on the kitchen counter with one hand around her stomach and her knees slightly bend he seriously wondered if she was about to have an accident right in from of his eyes until she then stood up again and rammed a hand between her legs very un-Muslim like! It felt like karma seeing her bursting after years and years of her keeping him in that state growing up as he almost wanted to laugh at her struggling to fetch tubs of food out of the fridge one handed. Lifting his eyes to the clock on the kitchen wall he was rather disappointed to think he had to end the entertainment as he deliberately coughed and walked confidently into the kitchen hardly giving his mum opportunity to act dignified once again.

“Well that’s the bathroom all cleaned too. I’d better be heading away now mum. Is that my meals?”

Taking the bag from his mum he turned to see her now standing behind the freezer door.

“I’m just putting these in the freezer Daniel. You go get ready and I’ll be through in a minute.”

Leaving to put his coat on Daniel walked towards his mum’s front door wondering what she was doing and if she really would come to see him leave as she always did. Just as he reached the front door he saw his mum coming towards him still looking very flustered and clearly concentrating hard on something.

“Hope your friend is grateful to you picking her up but do remember Daniel that you really shouldn’t have woman in your car! And don’t forget what I said about mosque too. You will stay for dinner next week won’t you?”

“I will mum. I promise. Thanks again for these. You know to just text if you need me. See you soon.”

Unlike every other visit Daniel was very taken aback to not see his mum waving to him from the open front door but instead she was behind the living room curtain waving from the lounge with only her upper body on view. Getting into his car and placing the bag of food at the passenger footwell Daniel glanced back to see his mum already gone.

“So you DO pee mum! Ha! Who knew! And guess what mum…I used your toilet this week and you didn’t stop me! Maybe next week I’ll push you further just like you did to me all those years since you’ve said I’ve to stay until after dinner. I wonder which of us will last the longest then!”

Turning the engine on he refocused himself to the task at hand: collecting Ellen from the city. Time was tight but with the weather much better than last weekend he hoped the traffic wouldn’t be too bad and with a bit of luck he might actually make it there on time. He couldn’t wait to see Ellen again. It felt like so long since he’d seen her as he hoped she’d had a good day in the shop.

*397*2024-03-12 01:05

Starting to settle at Daniel’s

Helping Margot close up the shop Ellen texted Daniel to say she’d be waiting in the back loading bay as she tidied up and put the day’s takings in the safe. Waiting outside she looked around anxiously as the fading daylight made her a little uncomfortable in the unlit loading bay. Daniel was a little late but Ellen was still very grateful for the lift as she got into his comfortable car having to spread her legs either side of a large carrier bag which she guessed held all of Daniel’s dinners for the weekend ahead.

“How was the shop today? Everything go ok?”

“We’re really short of volunteers. In fact way shorter than I’ve even known it to be. There was just two guys on deliveries and Margot and myself in the shop all day. I’m shattered. We had to work through our lunch break and neither of us have so much as sat down all day. How was your mum?”

“That sounds awful. Mum is fine. Typical mum really, though there was one notable difference today. Still nagging me to get back to mosque and not happy at me leaving hers early for the last two weeks. I did tell her about you too…well sort of.”

“Sort of?”

“I told her I was picking you up and that I really liked you.”

“How did she take it?”

“Yeah. Probably best we don’t talk about that. Listen, my mum will only be happy when I marry a good Muslim woman from the mosque and we pray five times a day on our separate mats in separate rooms but somehow miraculously make time for sex and give birth to perfect little Muslim grandchildren for her.”

Whether it was the way Daniel had said it or the idea of praying in separate room but still having babies Ellen wasn’t sure but she couldn’t help but laugh loudly and freely. Hoping Daniel wasn’t offended she placed a hand on his knee as he stopped at some lights.

“Sorry. That just tickled me so much. Are you really expected to pray in separate rooms even if you are married?”

“It depends how strict you are but many men request it. Even if you are in the same room the woman must always be behind the man. It’s actually a very sexiest religion in that respect and one of the things that always irked me. You wouldn’t even be allowed to pray at all right now.”

“Why?”

“You’re forbidden from praying when you are menstruating. That’s how I actually learnt about periods as a child. My mum never missed prayers and even though she was behind me I knew she was there but then I started noticing some days that she would quietly go into the kitchen when I was praying and one day I questioned her about it. She was embarrassed and avoided really telling me much just saying she wasn’t feeling great but when my dad eventually came home he came up to my room and explained everything very medically to me.”

“Wow. I had no idea about any of that. I really should have listened better in R.E in school. Is this all your dinners here I assume?”

“Yeah. I couldn’t say no really. There’s plenty there if you’d like some.”

“What is it?”

“You know I actually don’t even know! Mum usually says but she was out of character when I was leaving and she never mentioned it. I’ll soon see when I open them though.”

Pulling down the side of Daniel’s house Ellen was surprised to hear the engine turned off even though Daniel hadn’t pulled into the garage yet. Following his lead and getting out the car she picked up the heavy bag of food and closed the passenger door. Hearing the beep of the security locks closing she walked behind Daniel as he unlocked and pushed open the door into his kitchen. Putting the bag on the dining table Ellen took off her coat and for the first time opened the cupboard door and hung it up just like Daniel had done numerous times before.

“You hungry?”

“Yeah. You?”

“Starving. Let’s see what these are then shall we? You pick a tub and see what you think and I’ll try a different one.”

Carefully pulling back the aluminium to peel back the cardboard lid Ellen looked in at the eclectic mix of chicken, spring onion and rice having a little smell to see if it might help.

“That’s Arabic chicken biriyani with rice.”

“It smells lovely. Normally I’d prefer to cook myself but there’s nothing in and I’m too tired to cook. I’ll just have this one if that’s ok?”

“Of course. I’ll have this one. It looks like grilled chicken thighs with potatoes and rice with added spices. I’ll pop them both in the oven.”

Going upstairs to freshen up and look for her night shirt Ellen came down again in her only nightwear with buttons from top to toe and her bare feet. Seeing Daniel still in the kitchen in his suit she felt underdressed and awkward but his warm smile put her more at ease.

“I see you found your nighty?”

“It had fallen under the bed somehow. You don’t mind me eating in just my nighty do you?”

“Of course not. You’ve come down just in time. That’s the food ready and I tossed in a plain nan each too if you’d like that too?”

“Thank you.”

Sitting down and eating right away Ellen looked at Daniel forgetting that he always said some sort of prayer before his meals. Pausing with her fork midair feeling like she was being disrespectful she waited until he looked up and picked up his own cutlery before resuming eating. The warm food was definitely filling a hole and Ellen washed it down with a large glass of iced water. They chatted now and again as they ate but with both of them hungry it was much quicker questions and answers as they concentrated far more on eating. Once finished Ellen conceded to Daniel doing the washing up as she checked her mobile for any texts and her work iPad for any emails. Yawning she checked with Daniel if he was ok for her to have a bath in the main bathroom before bed knowing they both had a very busy day ahead of them.

“Of course. You can have a bath or shower anytime you want. If you don’t mind I was hoping to use my pillows from the bed tonight down here in the hope I can get a bit more comfortable. I don’t want to be driving to Dundee tired.”

Ellen put her iPad and phone down and stood up to face her boyfriend.

“We both need a good nights sleep tonight. I think it would be better if we both sleep in your bed. As long as you understand I can’t…you know.”

“I understand fully and respect that. Thank you. What time are we meeting Celine at?”

“She’s keen to get away early before rush hour starts. I said we’d meet at her garage around 7am. Ellis has already loaded a lot into his van ready but she’s had more donations again today apparently which all needs loaded before we can leave. That reminds me. I’d better text some of the ones that are already in Dundee to see id any of them are available tomorrow to help us unload. What with all the furniture to move too we need as many hands as we can get.”

Sending a few texts Ellen then put her phone and iPad on charge and headed upstairs for a soak in the bath hoping she didn’t fall asleep in it given how tired she was. Enjoying the warm soapy water and she laid and relaxed she felt herself starting to dose until she heard a soft knock on the door.

“That’s me going to bed. I’ve put a mug of coco by the side of the bed if you’d like some. If not just leave it. Night.”

Climbing out the bath to get dried Ellen rubbed her vast body with the towel as she pulled out the plug. The thought of hot chocolate and a lovely warm bed sounded absolutely blissful as she pulled up a clean pair of pants and slipped her night shirt back on. It didn’t matter that they couldn’t have sex right now just thinking that Daniel would be sleeping beside her again made her feel so happy and warm inside. He really was a kind man. A sexy, generous and respectful man too. There really was something quite special about him and she felt so happy walking into the room seeing him lying curled in the bed with the duvet over him.

*398*2024-03-14 00:22

The morning of the mercy trip

Seeing Ellen standing alone in the drop off area behind the shop Daniel flashed his headlights to show it was him. Having her back in the car just seemed to make everything so much better as the conversation flowed easily as he found himself sharing openly with Ellen in a way he’d never opened up to anyone else before. As strange as it felt not putting his own beloved car into the garage he couldn’t help but feel happy that Ellen’s car was being protected and kept safe as he pulled down the side of his house and parked outside the garage.

So grateful to his mum for her home cooking he invited Ellen to choose a meal too then put both in the oven to warm, adding in two nan breads in the last few minutes to warm them through. Ellen had disappeared upstairs, returning down just as the food was ready, looking glorious and beautiful in just her button up nightshirt and her bare feet. There was something so strangely enticing and intimate about sharing a meal with a beautiful woman wearing just one item of clothing as Daniel’s mind wandered easily to the thought that the vast breasted woman in front of him was very likely bra less. Reigning his own thought in out of respect for Ellen they ate quietly, content to just enjoy each other’s company.

Offering to wash up Ellen moved through to the lounge as Daniel left her to relax however she chose. Coming back through eventually himself he could clearly see how tired Ellen looked. When she asked to have a bath Daniel felt slightly disappointed that she felt she needed his permission as he gently reminded Ellen to relax and make herself at home. Hopefully, in time, she’d not feel she needed to ask him about every little thing. Watching her heading up the stairs Daniel suddenly remembered something as he caught Ellen’s attention to tell her he wanted to get his pillows from the bed in the hope he might get a better sleep. Anything was worth a try especially considering that he needed to drive to Dundee and back the following day.

Much to his surprise Ellen looked down at him from her standpoint on the stairs and smiled, a gentle soothing smile that warmed his heart.

“We both need a good nights sleep tonight. I think it would be better if we both sleep in your bed. As long as you understand I can’t…you know.”

Where had that come from? Just the night before Ellen had been asking him to buy a spare bed and now she was inviting him to share a bed with her again? Regardless of the confusion Daniel wasn’t going to even think about declining the invite, though he was far too tired for sex anyway no matter how sexy he found his girlfriend. Thanking Ellen, and really looking forward to the comfort of a double bed again after the hard sofa the night before, he let Ellen continue on to her bath as he switched on the TV to catch up on the news. Watching for a short time he felt his eyes dropping so he switched off the TV and made two mugs of hot chocolate to take upstairs. Tapping the upstairs bathroom door to let Ellen know about her drink he put his own down, used the ensuite and then sipped at the delicious fluid before sliding under the duvet.

Amazed that he didn’t even hear Ellen drinking her hot chocolate or even coming into the bed Daniel slept deeply, only waking when his Alexa beeped at 5:45am. It felt ridiculously early for a weekend until he remembered the mercy trip to Dundee and dragged himself out of bed. Showering to wake himself up he hoped Ellen would be awake soon so they could get to Celine’s house on time. Coming out the ensuite with just a towel wrapped around him he slid his mirrored wardrobe open struggling to think what to wear. Pulling out one or two options he jumped at the voice from the bed behind him.

“Do you have any sports gear, maybe like some loose joggers or a t-shirt perhaps? Like something you might wear to the gym?”

Turning round to see Ellen lying on her side with the duvet around her large body and her eyes shining in the lamp lit room he couldn’t help but smile.

“It’s been a very long time since I last went to a gym Ellen. Let me have a look.”

Digging to the bottom of his wardrobe Daniel somehow found a pair of black adidas joggers he had forgotten he even owned. Showing them to Ellen she nodded in agreement as he searched again for a top. He always wore shirts so he was starting to think his search was fruitless when he dug out a grey long sleeved running top wondering if it would even still fit. Slipping on some clean boxers he pulled the tight top over his head feeling the material neat against his chest. Turning around to show Ellen he couldn’t help but notice her eyes light up as she pulled the duvet aside revealing her splendid large naked breasts and beautiful body.

“That makes you look so fit! You should definitely wear that.”

Watching him as he pulled on the joggers her smile was radiant as she slipped off the bed and walked towards him. Putting a hand out to run down his chest Daniel gulped feeling her touch and being so close to her naked upper body. They had no time for any fun, though he seriously wanted it even though he’d promised Ellen the night before that he wouldn’t.

“I suppose I had better stop ogling you and get ready myself. You are a very sexy distraction though, especially wearing that!”

Smiling as Ellen turned to head to the ensuite Daniel slid the wardrobe door closed and looked at himself in the mirror. This was way out of his comfort zone but if Ellen found him attractive in it then that was all that mattered. Heading downstairs to make breakfast he was surprised how quickly Ellen joined him, this time now dressed in her usual legging and long top with her hair held back by a hair band. Handing her a plate of French toast and a mug of tea they chatted easily over breakfast mostly about the trip they were about to embark on. Leaving in plenty time to get to Celine’s on time Daniel and to rely on his sat nav to get there having no idea where his colleague even lived.

Pulling up outside the modest end terraced house neither he nor Ellen could miss the large white box van dominating the driveway as they got out the car and walked towards the garage. Celine greeted them both excitedly as a tall black haired man carried boxes into the back of the already full looking van.

“We started loading yesterday but there’s been some more last minute donations last night and we’re struggling to get it all in Ellis’ van. I can’t believe how generous people have been. There’s toys, scooters, bikes, clothing, kitchen appliances, TV’s, curtains, bedding, food, boxed games…you name it I reckon it’s in that van.”

“That’s the last box I can squeeze in I’m afraid Celine. Hi, I take it this is Ellen and Daniel?”

“Yes. Ellen, Daniel, this is Ellis. Ellis these are my colleagues Ellen and Daniel.”

Looking in the garage at the pile of things still to go Daniel found himself saying something he never thought he would.

“Would you like me to take that lot in my car? I can put the back seats down if it helps.”

Seeing the enthusiasm and shock on Celine’s face Daniel thought she must have been just as surprised as he was at his generous offer. Not even pausing to give him time to rethink his offer Daniel noticed Celine, Ellis and even Ellen all picking up boxes and goods and walking towards his precious car. Clicking to open the boot he laid the back seats down ultra carefully cringing at the thought of boxes being loaded into his Audi like it was a cheap hire van. With some rearranging and manoeuvring the last of the goods fitted in and Daniel pulled the boot down ready to leave. About to get into the driver’s seat to head away he turned as he heard Ellis talking to Celine.

“Would you mind if I used your bathroom quick before we leave? I’ve driven that A9 too often to know that there’s no rest stops at all. Terrible road to be dying for a pee on I can tell you!”

Turning to look at Ellen, who he knew must have heard what Ellis said as clearly as he had, he smiled knowingly as their eyes met. The last time they’d travelled together on that very road he’d been tantalising close to pissing himself as they shared the memory of that day through knowing looks and secret smiles.

*399*2024-03-15 00:43

The journey to Dundee again

Sliding quietly into the other side of the bed Ellen sipped at the hot chocolate loving every mouthful. Feeling so content and grateful to not only have a roof over her head but a comfortable bed to sleep in and a boyfriend who really cared about her. Realising that this was now her fourth night at Daniel’s since the fire she sipped at the warm liquid thinking about the interview the day before, Dmitro and Tetyana with their new baby, Stepan being taken away by the police, Bohdana leaving to live with a new family, and the trio to Dundee the next day. It felt like the end of an era even though there was still a few more days of the ship in port, but yet her own life still felt very much on hold. Listening to Daniel breathing slowly and quietly in his sleep beside her she finished her drink, pulled off her nightshirt and laid down to sleep herself, aware that they had an early start the next morning.

Waking to see Daniel coming out the ensuite with just a towel wrapped around him Ellen smiled to herself. He really was an incredibly handsome man and very sexy looking with just a simple towel covering his modesty. Rubbing her eyes to clear the morning haziness away she watched quietly as he slid open the mirrored wardrobe and rummaged around for clothing. Aware that she’d only ever seen Daniel wearing extremely smart clothing like suits or smart trousers she thought about the day ahead and all they would be doing as she watched Daniel struggling as if he himself had no idea what to wear for such a day.

“Do you have any sports gear, maybe like some loose joggers or a t-shirt perhaps? Like something you might wear to the gym?”

Seeing Daniel jump at the sound of her voice she half expected to see the towel fall down but Daniel seemed to notice and grab it just in time. His face looked confused and puzzled as he commented how long it had been since he’d ever been to a gym. That seemed surprising somehow given how firm and fit his body was but Ellen did know he was careful what he ate and prided himself on how he looked. Seeing him toss a pair of black joggers on the bed she nodded her approval as he turned to the wardrobe again presumably searching for a suitable top. That seemed to take longer but on seeing what he pulled out to Ellen it was well worth the wait.

As her boyfriend ably slipped on a pair of boxers whilst holding the towel still around him she watched eagerly as he finally removed the towel and slid his legs into the jogging bottoms. They made him look so different, so approachable and laid back, so natural and fit. He looked so comfortable even if it was very different from his usual style in every way. Seeing him then slide his head into the tight fitted long sleeved running top Ellen could tell already how it would enhance and show off his muscular chest and his gorgeous brown skin as he turned to let her see. 

Desperate to feel the tight material against Daniel’s chest she slid off the bed and around to where he was, forgetting entirely that all she was wearing was a pair of knickers. Running her hand down the smooth fitted top she felt shivers running through her at being so physically close to Daniel. Even on her period he was still turning her on and she couldn’t wait for her bleeding to be over. Pulling away as she noticed the time on Daniel’s Alexa screen she excused herself to the ensuite for a much needed pee and a quick wash before getting dressed and heading downstairs for something to eat.

Once again Daniel was so organised as she placed the hot chocolate mugs from the night before in the sink and he handed her a mug of tea and two slices of perfectly made French toast. They chatted eagerly and happily over breakfast and doing the washing up before gathering their things together and heading out to Daniel’s car as the sun was only beginning to rise and the sky was looking overcast and cloudy.

Giving Daniel Celine’s postcode they drove across the town to her street expecting the van to be filled already and everyone ready to leave. Seeing the van still in Celine’s driveway and no one inside it they got out the car to check everything was ok. Meeting Ellis for the first time Ellen was surprised to see that he was larger built, though not as big as herself, and very natural looking with his curly black hair and calming features. He seemed genuine but worldly, and strong but approachable. His voice and his mannerisms as he spoke to Celine were respectful and soft and much less masculine that Ellen expected from such a well built man.

Being introduced to each other Ellen shook his hand feeling his large firm hand in hers and acutely aware of his physical strength. Daniel might not have been to a gym in a long time but Ellis looked the type to go often and watching him load boxes into the van it seemed like he was picking up feathers as opposed to heavy boxes of bedding, towels and whatever else had been donated. Turning to see the van completely full and Ellis shutting and locking the doors Ellen turned back to see the pile of stuff still to go. 

She was just thinking they might have to do a second run again when to her surprise Daniel offered to take the rest in his car. Looking at Celine to check she’d heard him say it too she grabbed a box while Celine lifted a child’s scooter as they walked towards Daniel’s car on the road amazed that he had agreed to help. Filling the boot, which had much more space with the back seats lowered, Ellen felt excited to see that they had now emptied Celine’s garage completely of donated items as she made her way towards Daniel’s Audi again ready to leave.

With Daniel standing about to get in the driver’s side and she herself holding the handle of the passenger side door they both turned on hearing Ellis talk to Celine.

“Would you mind if I used your bathroom quick before we leave? I’ve driven that A9 too often to know that there’s no rest stops at all. Terrible road to be dying for a pee on I can tell you!”

Looking across directly at Daniel their eyes met as the memory of their previous journey to Dundee together was shared without any words. Today was going to feel like some sort of deja vu as they would travel the exact same journey that had brought them together just a day away from two weeks ago. So much had changed in that time yet through it all they had shared such amazing times as they both got into the vehicle and waited for Celine and Ellis to be ready without saying a word.

Hearing the van start up Ellen made herself comfortable as Daniel set off with the van behind him, already running later than they had first planned. The rush hour traffic hadn’t probably began yet though as they joined the M8 still together and forked off to join the M80 at junction 13 still seeing Ellis’ white van in their rear view mirror. Heading past Cumbernauld and towards Stirling Ellen could tell that Daniel was keeping to a more steady pace to allow the van to keep up as they started to see signs for Dunblane and the A9. Now at the half way point Ellen text Celine to see how things were with them both, hearing her phone beeping with a reply very quickly afterwards.

‘All good here. Singing along to the radio rather out of tune so you’ll be glad you went with Daniel rather than us.’

Realising it was now past 8am she hoped it wouldn’t be too early to text a couple of the refugees who had already moved in to Tulloch Court nearly a week ago now to see if any of them were available to help them unload. Taras text back first saying he had already organised help and that he’d mentioned to someone called Jack who had dropped in some home made baking for them the day before and that he was coming too.

‘I hope that’s ok?’

‘Yes. Very much so. We have a lot of stuff here and we need to get all the furniture to the right flats too. The more the merrier. We should be there around 9 if all goes well.’

Updating Daniel on this information Daniel nodded in his usual quiet unassuming way as Ellen realised he hadn’t even met Jack yet so he had no idea who she was talking about.

“We’re almost at the Broxden roundabout. Do you remember that from our last trip here?”

“Tea and coffee in the McDonald’s car park?”

“I remember what happened afterwards even more.”

“That was an amazing kiss wasn’t it? First of many we’ve had now.”

“With many more to come I hope?”

“Definitely. Geez how fast have we went…”

“I’m only doing 60, I promise.”

Ellen laughed.

“I meant in our relationship. Not even two weeks since that first kiss and I’ve moved in with you already!”

“Well I’m not complaining.”

“I never thought you would. I’m pretty sure it was your idea anyway.”

“One of the best ideas I’ve ever had actually.”

“And here was me thinking that was you coming to work on the ship with me.”

“Well that was a great idea too. I have a few of them now and again.”

“I’ll give you that one Daniel. Though why you couldn’t find a tower block in Glasgow I do not know!”

“Ah that would have been too simple wouldn’t it.”

*401*2024-03-16 19:43

{{12 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Is it really only two weeks? I feel like we’ve lived every minute of it. A great experience by the way @Mbgpeelover

}}

Incredibly yes! When they had the initial big meeting just 16 days prior to the point they are at now they said they had just three weeks to get everyone moved. The big move will be on Wednesday (they are currently in Sunday) and the boat leaves on the Friday. It’s been a very intense time so it feels so much longer!

*402*2024-03-17 01:02

Unloading at the tower block

Watching Celine and Ellis climb into the van Daniel started his engine keen to get moving. They were already a bit behind schedule but nothing they couldn’t make up, providing the traffic wasn’t too heavy. Keen to keep the van in sight he kept his speed in check as they joined the M8 then signalled to join the M80. Driving the now familiar route they were making steady progress when Daniel was aware of Ellen on her phone beside him. Trying to blank out the beeps from her mobile he concentrated on the road ahead watching constantly in his rear view mirror to check he still had the van in sight.

Passing through Stirling Daniel couldn’t help but let his thoughts drift back to the day 13 days ago when he’d driven Ellen the exact same journey as they went to see the tower block for the first time. Then there had been a tension between them, both atmospherically and sexually, as he recalled having not revealed to Ellen where they were going and how she’d noticed the satnav destination and become quite cross. Smiling to himself as he remembered her feisty voice shouting at him he thought back to how seriously attracted to Ellen he was then, and still was now. She’d quietened, especially since the house fire, but her inner fire was still burning fiercely and her body was just as sexy as ever. Hearing her now chatting away about Taras and some of the other students who had offering to help them unload the van on their arrival, and some chap named Jack, his thoughts were still miles away as he noticed a sign for the Broxden roundabout ahead.

With the traffic queued back as they nearer the roundabout Daniel couldn’t help changing the subject as he smiled and turned to face Ellen asking her if she remembered the last time they traveled this way and pulled into the services at the roundabout. The glint in her eye and the rosiness of her cheeks confirmed she remembered every single detail as much as he did as they talked fondly of their first kiss just a day away from two weeks ago. Temped to change lanes and head into the McDonald’s car park just like they did that day he resisted the urge seeing the van right behind him in his wing mirror. Sadly there wasn’t time for that today, though he very much hoped there might be time for kissing later on back home.

Finally getting onto the roundabout Daniel signalled to join the M90 as he checked to see if Celine and Ellis were still behind him. Not seeing them he carried on in the left lane at a slightly slower speed hoping they were just delayed at the busy roundabout. Finally seeing them a few vehicles behind he felt relieved as they drove the last part of their journey along the motorway towards Dundee. What should have usually only taken half an hour was now taking much longer as the van seemed to struggle at every hill and the volume of traffic was heavy. With the road changing seamlessly from motorway to A road Daniel passed the Esso petrol station on the opposite side of the road as he noticed Ellen looking out his window and spotting it too.

“That was where we…”

“It was wasn’t it. Not where I ever imagined we’d first do it mind you. The times I fantasised about you and me for months, kissing and touching and…well never ever did I expect our first time to be on a bathroom floor of an Esso petrol station on the busy A90! Hardly romantic and definitely not very Muslim of me that’s for sure!”

Glancing briefly over at Ellen Daniel saw she was now looking out the opposite window as if she was either remembering it all in her mind or feeling embarrassed. Hoping it was the former he left her to her own thoughts for a moment as he concentrated on driving.

“Did you seriously hold your bladder all day long from first thing that morning?”

“I did. I told you I really don’t like public toilets.i never used to use them in the office or even on the ship no matter how long I was there. I prefer the comfort and privacy of my own home but obviously I wasn’t expecting Keith calling us both into a meeting. If we’d have left when we were supposed to I would probably have managed to hold it.”

“Meetings always seem to be your downfall don’t they?”

“What do you mean?”

“I seem to remember you were so bursting in the board meeting a little over a fortnight ago that you had to interrupt the meeting to find a gents.”

“Ah. Not my finest moment. I hadn’t been all day though and I stand by the fact there really was no need to have that after hours. It could easily have been arranged during office hours. Archie just wanted to claim overtime as usual.”

“I didn’t get paid a penny to attend that meeting at all never mind overtime.”

“Seriously?”

“Seriously. I don’t even get paid for my lunch. It’s a contracted 35 hour week on minimum wage.”

“But you work way above that. You’ve stayed on the ship overnight to look after other people’s children, you’ve collected their kids from school, you’ve worked late into the evening frequently and you’ve travelled to Dundee what…two times now?”

“Including today this is my third trip.”

“That’s horrendous Ellen. I’m shocked that such a national charity treats their staff like that. You deserve so much better.”

“They pay me to work with the refugees and support them to find permanent accommodation outwith the cruise ship. They don’t pay me to befriend them or get attached to them or actually physically help them. I do all that because I care. I’d do it even if I wasn’t paid a penny. The thought of abandoning these people so far away breaks my heart Daniel. It’s like a part of my heart has been ripped apart and will always be in Dundee with them all. I still think about all the ones we have rehoused too. They’re not numbers to me. They never have been. They are individual people, families, children, who have been through a truly awful situation and who deserve respect and support and all the help we can give them.”

“You are incredible Ellen Hemmingdale. The world needs more people like you in it. That’s us almost there now. Are you ready for this?”

Navigating around the city centre past the university and the indoor shopping centre Daniel turned into the car park by the one remaining tower block as he realised just how much space there was now with the other three blocks demolished. A single excavator secured by makeshift fences was all that remained of the nearest block as Daniel marvelled to himself at how quickly three huge tower blocks had been demolished and the debris cleared away. Waiting in the car as the van pulled into the car park behind them Daniel was just stepping out the car as a group of people came out of Tulloch court to greet them.

Ellen quickly introduced everyone as Celine then took charge explaining how her and Ellis had labelled boxes and donations with flat numbers to make things easier. Seriously impressed by his work colleague yet again Daniel opened the boot of his own car as multiple people grabbed things to take them in. Picking up a child’s scooter in one hand and an ironing board in the other Daniel walked towards the main door seeing it held open by Rob from Claypots.

“All the flats are open. Just go ahead.”

Nodding his acknowledgment Daniel walked inside flanked on either side by people carrying boxes, toys and televisions. Stopping at the lifts like everyone else he checked for stickers and made his way to the appropriate floor as people got off other floors then headed back down like a hoard of ants at work. By the time he returned to his car there was nothing left as he took some goods from the van, handed to him by Celine as she told him exactly where they needed to go. In less than an hour the van was empty as a crowd gathered at the back door wondering what to do next. Waiting for Ellen Daniel noticed an older man coming over from the security door of the flats.

“I had some of my congregation cook for you all if you’d like a break? I went ahead and put it all in the caretakers flat. There’s more than enough for everyone. Some of my church are there ready to make you all hot drinks.”

Daniel noticed Celine looking relieved and hot as she smiled gratefully at the man.

“Is that ok Daniel? I know we’ve still got all the furniture in the community flats to get sorted too.”

Seeing Ellen finally approaching looking red faced and hot Daniel quickly checked his watch. If they could move the furniture as quickly as they’d emptied the vehicles then they had plenty time to stop for some food and drink. Raising his voice to be heard about the crowd he nodded to Celine before clearing his throat.

“Apparently there’s refreshments in the caretakers flat. Let’s break for half an hour and then if we could gather in the ground floor landing we can organise moving the furniture. Thanks everyone.”

Seeing Ellis reaching up to help Celine down Daniel thought for a moment that it looked like they were a couple as their eyes met and Celine almost but not quite touched Ellis’s body, but he dismissed the thought quickly putting it down to feeling hot and hungry. Walking behind Ellen he followed the crown into the tower block looking forward to a cold drink and something to eat.

