The College Crush and The Bursting Bladder

Author: Mythos95

*000*2022-09-09 05:42

Hello peeps! I mostly lurk on here but after looking for some femdomish content featuring a male lead wetting himself and not really getting what I was looking for I decided to try my hand. Word of warning though, this is my first piece of omo fiction so it might not be good but I gave it my best shot! The only writing I get up to is for Dungeons and Dragons and this is quite the departure from that. So without further ado enjoy!

P.S. any advice is welcome but please be nice about it. (I am a soft boye)

The Sun began to set on another sweltering day at Eastview College. Eastview has a number of study rooms specifically designed to be used during the later hours of the day so that students may have a nice quiet place to study. It’s in one of these rooms that we join our leads for this story.

Jack, a 5'8 boy of decently muscular build sits across from his best friend Carly. She was practically Amazonian compared to him being a 6’4 woman who got into the Eastview on a rugby scholarship. The two had really hit it off when they met at the beginning of the semester. They were both into sports to some degree and it just so happened that they both required extra study time if either of them ever hoped to pass the required communications course. It was a match made in heaven, especially for Jack.

See he had a crush on Carly from the moment he set eyes on her. After all, what's not to like? She was fully filled out with a generous body that was both fairly muscular and yet squishy in all the right places. That along with her emerald green eyes and flowing auburn hair was just the perfect combination for a guy like him. Jack had dark brown hair and eyes as blue as the ocean but these looks came with a cost, he had more pride than brains.(Probably why he needs the extra study time)

“Alright so is this formatting thing the worst or what?” Carly mentioned breaking the silence. “It really is! Like who even names a format Chicago of all things?” Jack joked as they giggled and both returned to writing their papers. The silence was almost uneasy as all the usual noises of the building were drowned out by the walls of the soundproofed study room. “What topic did you choose for your paper anyways Carly?” Jack asked. Carly looking up from her laptop explained “It’s about the declining water levels in Lake Mead from the multiple droughts that hit the area in recent years. Would you mind proofreading it for me when we get done here tonight?”. Jack nodded and had just continued working on his own paper when a particular need he’d been putting off decided to make itself known.

Jack's bladder began to twinge with how full it had gotten over the last couple hours. He recalled all the iced tea he’d been drinking to try and cool himself off today. Normally the area Eastview was situated in was just the perfect temperature but the last week had been abysmal constantly in the 30s (Suck in Fahrenheit) and incredibly humid. As a result that meant more fluid intake for our protagonists. Unfortunately for Jack he was far too prideful to admit that he had to pee and to his crush of all people! And so he decided to simply wait it out and continue his work then go once they were done with their papers. The school left a single private bathroom open for both sexes so that the rest could be cleaned and closed for the day and students that stayed late to study would still have somewhere to take care of business.

Jack couldn’t help but fidget often as his bladder continued to fill, despite the strain it put on him. He found a good position with his legs crossed and cock squished between them to try and relieve some of the pressure that had built up over the last 2 hours. Jack started bouncing in his seat but forced himself to stop just as Carly had glanced over to him. She cracked a little grin and continued writing her paper. The poor guy was reaching his breaking point, even pride wouldn’t be able to keep Jack any longer.

As he sat up and started to pack his things Carly spoke up “Done already?”.

“Well pretty close anyways but I’m getting pretty tired so I decided to p..pack it in for the n..night” Jack started to stutter as a wave of desperation wept over him. “Oh well I actually just finished with my paper. Do you think you could proofread it before you go? after all you already said you would” Carly asked while taking notice of Jack's clearly urgent need. “I..I guess I could” Jack said, thinking of it as a favor for his friend and crush.

As Jack started to read Carly’s paper however his eyes filled with shock. How could he forget? It was about the lower water levels of Lake Mead. Jack writhed and squirmed as he read the vivid descriptions of the waterbody and the Colorado River that it feeds into. The gushing rapids and harsh rainfalls played through his mind as he imagined finally getting the relief he so desired.

Carly watched on fully aware of the torture she was putting jack through tonight. She always thought Jack was a rather cute boy and she had a special interest in making others suffer, especially when it came to urinary needs. And watching squirm and cross his legs while reading her perfectly crafted paper on water and rainfall made her start to feel a little hot and bothered. She bit her lip while trying to make sure this memory stayed in her mind. She then took notice of her own bladder, after all she had been waiting the same amount of time as Jack but being a bigger lady her bladder was clearly superior.

As that thought left her mind she returned her attention to Jack who was just finishing the torturous reading he felt obligated to do. The rivers and rains still echoed through his mind as they both packed up and began to head to the elevator. “Wow I should really visit the bathroom” Carly exclaimed while trying to mention pee as much as she could around Jack. “haha yeah with how hot it’s been everyone’s been drinking so much more”. The elevator finally got to their floor and began to descend towards Jack’s only bastion of relief within a kilometer.

Jack couldn’t help but squirm and grab his cock once in a while trying to hold back his pride's impending doom. But despite all the squeezing it just wasn’t enough. He needed a bathroom and FAST. The elevator shook a little as they reached the ground floor and began the slow walk down the hallway towards the single bathrooms. Jack was doing his best to keep up to Carly despite his need and her rather long legs. As they finally approached the bathrooms Jack's need started to get even more intense and he was finally going to get the relief he so desired. He pulled at the door to the boys room, his heart sunk at the unforgiving stillness of the door. It was locked.

“Can’t ya read? It says it’s out of order J” Carly said as she smiled and opened the door to the girls room. Feeling rather bold Carly stood in the door to the girls room and giggled “Well I GUESS you could use the girls room but only if you really have to go. After all I can’t be letting just any boy into here”. This was it, Jack would have to admit his need to her now or walk home in damp sweatpants as he wouldn’t stand a chance in getting past her with their difference in size.

“FINE! I do really have to pee and I don’t think I can hold it much longer Carly. So please let me in the girls room. I'm about to wet myself” Jack exclaimed as his cheeks grew red and his heart started racing. “Well I suppose just this once it would be okay. However there is one condition.” She explained “You have to let me go first, I have been holding just as long as you and it’s a girls bathroom after all.”.

“Oh please please please just let me go Carly!” Jack cried. Carly was over the moon at this moment having a cute boy throw away his pride and cry for her to let him use a bathroom that she had control over.. “I have to go first Jack, that's the deal, take it or go find a boys room” Carly sternly told him. “Fine but please please be quick I really can’t wait any longer” Jack whimpered. And that was the truth, any minute now Jack’s bladder would give out and flood his sweatpants. Carly, however being the glutton she was, wanted more. “Come in with me. I’ve seen the way you look at me so maybe this can be a little treat.” she teased. Jack didn’t know what to say as the girl he had crushed on for the last year invited him into the bathroom with her. Under any other circumstance this would be a dream come true but with his bladder in the state it was he didn’t have any room to think or negotiate the terms so he reluctantly nodded his head and followed her into the girls room.

The door latched with a *click* as Carly walked towards the toilet in the room. Being this close to the toilet sent Jack into a bit of a frenzy. He was grabbing himself and crossing his legs when he wasn’t stepping from foot to foot doing the potty dance as he tried to hold back his bladder’s last warnings. Carly unbuttoned her jeans and pulled down her blue striped panties as she sat on the toilet. Jack wanted to catch a glimpse of her panties but he was just so preoccupied with trying to keep it all back that he couldn’t find the courage to even open his eyes.

Just then Carly let out her hot jet of urine splashing the water with force. She let out a very exaggerated moan as she was getting both the relief she wanted and the joy of watching Jack dance for her while blushing. Jack could only listen in horror as Carly’s jet of urine combined with the relief it gave her hit his ears. It was like being trapped in an eternal hell of splashing noises and moans that just wouldn’t end. “Please hurry Carly I can’t….” A shock hit Jack’s whole body as his bladder finally gave way. Tears started to well up in his eyes as his pride became a distant memory. The hot yellow liquid shot out from his dick and began soaking his sweatpants with a dark patch that only got bigger as the puddle beneath him started to spread. He couldn’t open his eyes at this moment, the shame, the embarrassment, he hadn’t wet himself since he was a kid and here he was piddling everywhere in front of his crush.

But in this moment of weakness while his mind fell further and further into the implications of what happened he heard Carly speak “God that was so hot.” Jack finally opened his eyes and gave Carly a puzzled look. As his eyes met her he noticed something, her face was all red and she was breathing heavily. “D…did you? D…do you? M..me?” Jack couldn’t get all the words he wanted out as Carly asked him “Shall I walk you home now little boy? Or should we go to my place?”. Jack was now mixed with more emotions than he knew what to do with.

“Y..your place?”. And the two cleaned up a bit and began walking to her place in the cool night air as Carly explained how she had enjoyed his desperation and apologized as soon as she realized that she went overboard. Of course Jack was just relieved (In more than one way) that he finally landed his crush. Just maybe not how he expected.

The End.

~Myth

*002*2022-09-10 22:05

{{8 hours ago, rfthawne said:

This was really well written. There were one or two parts where it felt like you could have drawn out the desperation more with description, but nothing major. Hoping to see more!

}}

I was honestly thinking the same thing when I went back and proofread it! I'm glad you enjoyed!

