Tom holland a wet interview

Author: macgyversgirl

*000*2019-09-03 20:07

I apoligise for any mistakes in this but i am dyslix and spelling and gramma is not my stroung suit but hope you enjoy

Chris, Robert and tom were doing a big interview on live television along with other actors from diffent movie francies. Tom was the youngest doing it their was also oliver and james phelps their from the harry potter franices and eddie Redmayne their to do the fantastic beast side of harry potter.

It was a hot day and they were all told to stay hydrated. Once they had got their they were rushed in to hair and make up then in to dressing rooms to change and before tom had a chance to think about peeing he was been told he was needed on the stage with everyone else. In toms mind it was no big deal this interview counted be more then an hour right he could hold it that long he had held it 11 hrs once when he was in custome thought he never wanted a reapete of that again.

Tom sat down next to Robert. So it went chris, Robert, himself, oliver, james then eddie. he looks out and see the massive audience infrount of him as hes getting miked up. This is the like the biggest interview hes ever done. And its making him nervous a bit. Soon the interview sits down and the lights dim and questions have begun to be asked.

Like have they seen each others movies, would they like to be in each others movies, could wizards and advengues unite etc etc. after about twenty minits tom feels a twinge in his bladder its nothing to urgent but sitting on these high stool type chairs wasent making it a great feeling to have. But with all eyes on them at the moment he counted do much about it.

As time went on and fans began to ask questions tom need was getting worse he tried to do sutle movements but he counted he counted even cross his legs as the stool did not allow it plus they kept been given stuff to drink so. Tom didn’t want to be inperlite and everyone one else was drinking and didn’t look like it was effecting them. But they were older then him and he was not going to look like a little kid and say he needed to go he would be an adult and hold it he was not going to admite to an audience and the entire world who was watching this how he needed to pee and needed a breack.

It wasent till it reached the hour mark that tom relised this interview was not stoping and he didn’t have a time frame for when it would this was not good. He tried to think of the last time he went bathroom and last time he went was 5am that morning when he woke up and it was now 11 that’s like 6hrs oh god its going to be the spider man suit all over again.

Time seamed to slow down or it did for peter he was scared of wetting himself on live tv and he counted stop moving a bit the first people to notich this was the twins. Having spent a lot of time on the sets of harry potter and seeing a lot of the younger actors they worked with doing a potty dance as they called it and the tom who was sititng next to oliver was defently doing some form of one but he didn’t look to desperate yet. They both decied to keep an eye on him.

By 2hrs in and tom was defently not doing well he wished he hadent drank so much and he had been sipping still thew out the interview to keep himself hydrated as it was reducilsy hot in their. All of a sudern he felt a squiet dampon his boxers and he had to bend over and shove his hands between his legs. By now the whole room most no what was wroung as he had been zoneing out or stuttering over his answers.

The tiwns jumped into action and blocked the audience view of tom were Robert and chris jumped into action while eddie tried to interact with the crowed to keep the eyes of tom. Robert and chris manged to get tom of the stage but by then it was to late toms body had had anoth and his bladder gave up and he wet himself infrount of his co stars.

Tom was morterfired he counted look them in the eye tears came to his eyes he felt like such a baby how was he going to face them ever again.

“its ok kid these things happen to the best of us” said Robert

“yer don’t worry about it Robs done worse” said chris

“he has?” sniffles tom as hes lead to the dressing room

“yes”

“but that’s for another day now lets get you cleaned up” said robert

*002*2019-09-06 22:24

{{On 9/4/2019 at 9:10 PM, Alex62 said:

Can you write one where he is in the spiderman suit please?

}}

Of cores I can already working on one :)

