Kara Danver's Submission

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2021-02-18 13:22

Hey everybody! Haven't wrote in a while due to some real life stuff, so excuse me if this story doesn't seem up to par with my past work! I did a story not long ago that didn't really go anywhere, it seemed like people weren't interested, and I don't really write fics for myself, I actually hate reading my own fics lol. But everybody really enjoys my CW stuff, so I thought I'd do another Supergirl story, but with a twist this time. Hope you guys enjoy!

###

Kara Danvers had not been dating Lena Luthor longer than a few weeks when Lena finally came clean about her domination kink. Kara herself was pretty tame, and the whole thing was just a lot for her, but Lena could make anything attractive, and Kara herself couldn't take the lead in sexual situations. It was one of the rare times in her life where even though should lift a bus and throw it a few hundred feet, she felt absolutely weak.

Lena had been pleading for weeks to Kara to just try submitting, but Kara was really shy about the whole situation. It may have also had to do with her own pride, but mostly shyness. That being said, as of late, Kara had become more and more accepting of the idea. One thing Lena was really good at was breaking her down, she knew just the right buttons to push and when to push them.

It was 10:00 P.M. when Kara had wrapped her nightly patrol around National City. It had been a long day for her, but that was just the territory of her job. She floated high over the skyline, almost in a 'job-well-done' kind of pose as she used her enhanced hearing to hear what she could hear in the streets, and for once it was calm. The calmness put a smile on her face, but a slight realization began to set in - she really had to pee. Kara had been so busy for the past few hours that she had never had a few minutes to use the bathroom. You would think with her Kryptonian muscles that her bladder alone could bench press a plane, but even by human standards Kara had somewhat weaker bladder.

Before Kara could even react to her bladder, her phone went off. She whipped it out of a small pocket on her tight Supergirl costume and saw a text from Lena;

L Corp. My office. Now.

The serious sounding nature of the text shocked Kara, and she jolted from her place in the clouds to outside Lena's balcony in seconds. She landed softly on the balcony, but nothing appeared to be happening or in danger. Kara suspiciously walked in Lena's office and saw her sitting at her desk pretty casually. Lena smiled over at Kara, a little menacingly.

"That text sounded pretty serious, are you okay?" Kara said a bit concerned yet relieved to Lena.

Lena stood up from her desk, her tight skirt dancing around her knees as she walked to Kara, "I'm fine, just wanted to see how fast I could make you come," Lena teased.

Kara rolled her eyes, "That's not funny, I thought you were actually in trouble."

Lena came up to Kara, tracing her finger over Kara's chest, which her suit fit so perfectly in Lena's opinion. Kara tried not to react, mostly for the sake of her own pride, but she couldn't help but tremble just a little to Lena's touch - mixed in with the fact she had to pee relatively bad.

"What if you're the one in trouble, Supergirl?" Lena said, as she circled around Kara.

"Lena, I don't think I -" Kara was interrupted as Lena spanked her from behind, "Lena!" Kara continued in a playfully frustrated way.

"Something wrong, Supergirl?" Lena teased, now putting both her hands on Kara's shoulders, massaging them a little roughly.

Kara couldn't help but squirm a bit in place as she struggled to find a reply.

"You need to pee, don't you?" Lena interjected, suddenly stopping the massage but keeping her soft hands resting on Kara's shoulders.

The Kryptonian remained silent trying to protect her dignity, but Lena just smiled that evil, pretty smile she always had. Sharp fingers dug back into Kara's shoulders as she stood there, still slightly squirming. She could feel the mental pressure from Lena making her want to break her silence. She knew Lena was really taking control this time and that not only did Kara want this, but it was turning her on. Finally after what felt like an eternity, between her bladder, the fingers in her shoulder and the awkward silence, Kara broke her silence.

"Yes," Kara nodded, avoiding eye contact as she looked down at her red boots. She felt Lena's fingers relax as she stepped back in front of Kara, placing a finger under her chin and making Kara look up in her gorgeous eyes. This alone sent shivers down Kara's spine.

"Tell me what you need," Lena said starting with a smile that turned to a look of pure dominance.

"I need to pee," Kara replied quietly and obediently, trying to hold it all together.

"I know you do," Lena said back, smiling as she continued her piercing eye contact.

Lena stepped back from Kara, who was now full on squirming, to admire her girlfriend. Kara stood there, thighs pressed tightly together and a cute-nervous expression on her face as her gaze went back down to her boots. Lena bit her lip looking at Supergirl in such an embarrassing situation, her girlfriend in such an embarrassing situation. She stepped back closer to the squirming Kara, just crossing the threshold of being close enough to intimidate. Kara looked up at her, her usually perfect blonde hair slightly messy for once. It was the small details like that that did it for Lena.

Lena moved her head close to Kara's ear as Kara nervously bit her lip, looking over her shoulder.

"Get on your knees, Supergirl," Lena whispered mercilessly.

It was that easy for Kara, her knees became wobbly and she practically fell to them. She knew for weeks that this would happen, and that's partly why she tried to prolong it. But at this point, even Supergirl couldn't deny how much she wanted to submit for her girlfriend.

"Yes, mistress," Kara replied shyly, now on her knees.

Every millisecond that Lena's lips remained closed was torture for Kara. The curiosity, maybe slight fear, but mostly curiosity of what Lena might make her do next was absolutely killing her. She looked up to Lena, her wide eyes begging harder than she ever could.

"How badly do you need to piss, Supergirl?" Lena asked, her voice a mix of genuine curiosity and arrogance.

Kara bit her lip as she was still squeezing her thighs tightly together, the tight blue suit with red detailing hugging her thighs and calves. Almost like muscle memory and without noticing, Kara was now holding her crotch in front of Lena. She couldn't lie to her, for one: the answer was too obvious, and for two: she couldn't deal with a punishment.

"Badly, mistress," Kara replied, a shake in her voice as she looked away from Lena in shame.

"Stand up, Kara," Lena said in an empathetic tone, making Kara feel for the first time since she arrived that it was possible she might be getting to use the bathroom.

Kara quickly stood up, dusting off the knees of her suit, but the standing did horrors for her bladder as she quickly doubled over, desperately holding herself and wrapping her legs around each other. Lena studied her stance with a smile on her face.

"Stay still for five minutes and you can use my personal bathroom," Lena declared. "That means legs apart, no holding, in fact - do that pose that you like to do, where your hands are kind of on your sides, where you look like a real superhero? You know the one," Lena followed up.

For the first time all night, Kara protested, "Please, mistress, I... " Kara paused, saying the next part of the sentence very quietly, "I'll pee my pants."

Lena tried to keep back her smile from just hearing Kara admit she'd piss herself, "Would you rather I just order you to piss yourself on spot?" Lena retorted.

Kara's eyes widened, "No! Okay, I'll accept the five minutes, I can do the five minutes," she replied only semi-confidently.

Lena mockingly gave a little twirl of her finger as if to say 'begin' and Kara put her hands on her sides in her infamous superhero pose. Her foot stance widened and her body clenched tight. Lena moved back a few feet to watch her girlfriend imitate a mannequin. She pulled out her cellphone, bringing up a countdown from actually six minutes - just incase.

For Kara, this was what torture felt like. She felt like she could piss an entire ocean, and having to stand in this pose in front of her girlfriend almost made her rethink if she'd ever actually do it again. She could feel her bladder literally bursting at the seams, and Lena's intensive stare only made things a hundred times worse. She had successfully stayed dry with no leaks up until this point, but she was only barely a minute in - and she could feel it coming.

Opposite of Kara, Lena stood quite casually. She could see in the fake confident expression Kara was wearing that Kara was going to lose it. She could really read her like a book, it was one of Lena's many talents. Lena knew her stare made Kara nervous, and when Kara got nervous, whether she'd admit it or not, her bladder would fill - so Lena decided she wouldn't break eye contact with Kara for more than a few seconds at a time, but Kara looked so amazing in her suit that it became hard to focus. Lena's eyes drifted down from her face to her chest, the giant "S" logo looked so regal, and the gold belt only complimented that.

Lena's eyes drifted further down Kara's body to her hips as she imagined everything she wanted to do to Kara when they wrapped this - but suddenly a distraction. Something caught her eye... a wet spot. Kara gasped, trying not to move her body as a wet spot began to form on the front of her suit. The material glistened with piss as the wetness traveled halfway down her thigh. Kara's expression had now changed from fake confident to full on panic mode.

'I just peed my fucking pants in front of Lena,' was the only thought running through her head as she struggled to keep the rest in. She wasn't even taking in her surroundings anymore, her entire focus became holding in the rest of her piss for the next three or so minutes. Her distraction completely allowed her to miss Lena coming up to her until Lena was directly in her face. Kara's nerves set in as her body tensed up harder, still remaining still.

Lena cupped Kara's wet crotch with her hand as she moved her lips to Kara's, softly kissing her girlfriend. The kiss nearly broke Kara, and she couldn't help but leak just a bit. Lena felt the warmth and wetness of Kara's crotch just barely expand. Kara whimpered under the soft kissing with Lena, knowing she was losing it again - but Lena didn't care. Lena wanted Kara Danvers to pee her pants. Lena was making Kara Danvers pee her pants. And now, Kara Danvers was desperately leaking in her suit.

Lena knew all it would take was two words to make Kara lose it. It was just her natural 'good girl' demeanor. Even with a two minutes remaining on her countdown, Lena still decided to cheat. With barely a lick of hesitation, for the final time Lena put her mouth close to Kara's ear.

"Piss your pants," Lena whispered, even more mercilessly. But for Kara, once again that's all it took. Hot warmth spread across Lena's hand and engulfed it as Kara relaxed her bladder. She felt it travel down her thighs, around her knees, to her shins and pool around her heels in her boots. Kara practically peed forever.

The relief was orgasmic for Kara, her head rolled back and her eyes closed as a soft smile formed from her lips contrasting her glowing red cheeks. The warmth felt amazing, the relief felt amazing, and even the humiliation for her girlfriend... oddly felt amazing. Kara couldn't believe that her first submission started like this, and frankly neither could Lena, but it turned out to be a pretty great way to start.

Finally, after what felt like years of pissing but was actually nearly two minutes, Kara's bladder completely emptied. The entire bottom half of her suit was glistening wet and her boots had provided a piss catcher preventing any puddles. Kara lightly stepped back and quickly realized she had turned her boots to galoshes as she took squishy steps. Lena could only laugh at that, but the rest turned her on. She was going to treat Kara like she'd never been treated before, and she was going to do it now.

