I need 20p

Author: macgyversgirl

*000*2019-08-18 12:02

The boys had decided to go out for the day to the beach as they had some time off and wanted to relax and feel normal for a while. They had decided to go to a quiet beach what only had a small row of shops and the beach so no one would brother them.

They had brought tones of food and drink and things to do so they wouldn't have to go shops. The only time they would have to leave the beach was to use the toilet.

The boys set up on a quiet part of the beach which was partly in the shade as it was a very hot day for England. After a few games of football and a swim in the sea and an enormous amount of drinks, Harry felt a small twinge in his bladder and decided before it gets any worse to go bathroom. It wasn't secret information that Harry had the smallest and weakest bladder out the band.

"I'm heading to the toilets, anyone else coming?" Harry asked as the boys sat down on the towels.

A chorus of no's were heard so Harry made the walk to the toilets alone when he tried the door he realised it wouldn't open.

"Please don't say it's locked" he muttered to himself it was then he noticed a sign on the door. 'Please enter 20p' This then made Harry's need to pee grow "I don't have 20p" he says to door kicking it.

He didn't really want to ask the boys as one they probably didn't have any 20ps on them and two if they did they would need them for them selfs. Harry guessed he would just have to hold it and not drink anymore. So as not to fill his bladder any more.

He walks back to the boys trying to act normal.

"You hungry Haz?" shouts Niall as Harry gets closer.

"A bit"

"Well we thought well have lunch now as it's the hottest point of the day, then chill for a bit then more games" said Liam

"Sounds good" said Harry as he sat down on his towel

They were soon all eating and Harry was avoiding drinks, but no one seemed to notice as they were all busy talking. After lunch the boys start to doze off, Harry decided he couldn't sleep as what ever position he got in made him more uncomfortable. Harry just stared up at the sky and kept shifting positions and crossing his legs every so often trying ease the pressure he had. Two hours later the boys wake up and decided to have a game of football.

Harry found it hard to run around with his full bladder as it was beginning to get painful. As it was still hot they kept stopping for drinks and Harry kept refusing.

"Harry you need to drink it's so hot today" said Laim

"I'm not thirsty" said Harry even thought he was he couldn't add any more liquid to his all ready full bladder.

After the 4th time Harry refuses to drink Liam goes all daddy direction on him.

"Harry don't be stupid it's hot it's like the hottest day of the year you need to drink or you will end up ill with heat stroke or something if you don't drink this I will force you" snaps Liam

Harry takes it and takes little sips but he feels his bladder protest so he stops. The boys get up to go swimming but harry said he was worn out from football and decided and just wanted to rest. Truth was he didn't want to go any wear near the water hearing it this close was bad enough. Plus he was a bit worried to move incase he leaked as he was so desperate by now he was amazed none of the other boys needed to go and they had drunk way more then he had. Unknown to Harry the boys had been going in the sea when they would go and cool off every so often which Harry would think was way to gross at their ages but his band mates were lazy and couldn't be asked to walk up cliff paths to the toilet like Harry had.

It got hotter as the afternoon went on Harry began to feel sick form his head ach what had formed form lack of drink plus he was starting to burn were he had forgotten to put on sun cream as he was so focused on his bladder.

30 mins later the boys had come out the water and had gone to check on Harry. At first to the boys it looked like Harry was asleep but then Liam noticed how red Harry was.

"Guys I think Harry's caught the sun, he's really red" said Laim worried

The others look at Harry

"Lets wake him up and try and get some water in to him" said Niall "and put some after sun on him"

Liam gently tried to wake him but Harry was not very with it he opened his eyes a little bit but the pain in his head was agnising so was the pain in his bladder if he moved he new he was gonna lose it.

"Come on help me sit him up and we'll have to help him drink some water, he's defently had to much sun" said Liam

Niall and Louis sat Harry up as they did that Harry's bladder couldn't take it any more and gave out and he wet himself socking his swim shorts and the sand beneath him.

"err Li, Harry's just pissed himself" said Niall

Liam looked over

"Oh Harry" said Liam "Lou, get Harry to sip this while I find him some dry shorts and we'll get after sun on him"

"I'm sorry" Harry starts sobbing as he realized what had happened.

"Shhh just sip this" said Louis gently

Harry takes little sips then let's the boys change him luckily they had some wet wipes to clean him up. Harry cuddles into Louis. He feels sticky and horrible and his bladders still in pain.

"Lets go home" said Liam as he started to pack the things away. Once all the boys were in dry clothes, they head back to the car Louis carrying Harry. While on the way home Louis asked Harry how he manged to get in to this state in the first place and Harry told him about not having 20p.

"Well you know the answer to that go in the sea like the rest of us" said Louis

