The Art exhibition!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-04-25 14:43

A boy and a girl, both young just a little over 18 years old, went to the same class in an art school.

They decided to go together to an art exhibition to another city.

Therefore they had to go for more than 2 hours with the boys car.

At Sunday morning picked the boy the girl up from her home. It was late spring and it was still cool in the morning, but nevertheless had the girl here legs bare.

She did wear a short skirt and did show him a lot of her nude thighs when she was sitting beside him in the car.

To see so much naked skin, after a long winter, was turning him on very much.

The “poor “ boy was getting pretty horny and looked more and more at the girls wonderful legs which were naked nearly up to her panties.

Controlled by his lust and horniness said the boy “I love to see your pretty legs nude, but are you not cold without stockings?”

”It is indeed not warm, but i love to feel the cold air on my bare skin. After such a long winter feels that very good.”answered the girl and was rubbing her thighs with both hands to warm them up.

The girl was horny as well about all the circumstances and maybe a little bit about because it seemed that her naked legs were the boy turning on.

Until now they didn’t private know each other very good and therefore it was especially exciting for both of them to spend the day so close together.

Did the girl wanted to be sexy for him, did she want to turn him on? Asked the boy himself, but he had no answer to that question at the moment.

They spent a great day together, was getting more and more close and felt also sexual attracted.

Late evening, on the way home was the girl again sitting with her skirt far up on her sexy, naked thighs.

As same as at the journey there was it at the journey home, he couldn’t stop to look at her legs and he wanted so badly to touch them but was a too shy to do it.

He noticed that the girl was moving her legs, that she crossed them, that she was rubbing her knees , that she did it in a way how girls are doing it when they are needing to wee.

”Is she needing to wee?” he asked himself and realized that she had not been at the toilet even once the entire day.

He had been twice, but the girl had not been even once, her bladder must have been full, she must have felt an urge to wee, surely a strong urge after holding it for so long, he thought to himself.

He was turned on very much about it, because girls who were needing to wee, were always so much more sexy for him and were turning him on so very, very much.

He couldn’t stop to think about how big and stretched her bladder must have been with the urine from the entire day inside.

He looked at her belly and noticed that it was no more flat, it was visibly swollen from her overfilled bladder. Not much, but it was visible.

They had to go minimum 1 1/2 hours and he wanted to enjoy the rest of the journey.

He didn’t really wanted to stop for her to let her piss, he wanted just talk about it and therefore he took all his courage and asked “ do you need to wee? Should i stop at the next service station?”

”Yes and no.” answered the girl.

”What does that mean?” asked the boy.

”That means yes i am needing to wee and no we don’t have to stop, i can wait until i am at home. I am accustomed to wait, i never use the toilet in school.”answered the girl again.

The boy enjoyed her choice and was aroused about the thought to sit for another 1 1/2 hours beside a pretty girl which has a very full bladder inside her belly and which was needing to wee very urgent.

The girl’s need was getting more and more visible.

”Is it that bad?” wanted the boy know.

”I should have gone at lunch.” said the girl with a silent voice.

”Does this mean that you need to go since noon?” asked the boy.

”Yes, since before noon, but why are we talking about my full bladder and my need to wee, we should stop that.” said the girl.

”We talk about it, because i admire you for your bladder control and for your ability to hold it for so long ” answered the boy.

The girl was needing to wee already very badly, but she was to proud for to beg for a stop and the boy didn’t stop because he wanted to see the girls sexy legs moving from needing to wee so urgently and therefore they passed the next service station and the next after the next.

About a half an hour later they were in front of the girls house. The boy switched off the engine and started to talk about the exhibition, because he wanted to have the girl with her bursting full bladder for longer in his car.

But not even 10 minutes later said the girl “thank you for the great day.” and kissed the boy on his cheek.

The boy wanted to hold her back, but she said “ i really have to go now before I’ll wet your seat.”

She was getting out and walked with small steps and with her naked knees rubbing inside her house.

The boy was horny and stiff to see her walking like that and about the knowledge that she didn’t piss even once the entire day.

He went twice to the toilet and was already needing to go again.

The girl was holding all the urine from the day back inside her. How big must her bladder be, how strong the pressure inside her bladder? How strong was her urge? Was it hurting her to suppress her urge for so unbelievably long?

All that questions asked the horny boy himself and was rubbing his boner turning all the way home.

All day long he saw her sexy legs and her naked thighs.

Now he wanted to see and to hear so bad the wee jetting out between that thighs. He wanted to see how much swollen her belly was from her big so much overfilled bladder, but all about that he could only dream.

He did know that a girl who is needing to wee turns him on, but until now he didn’t know how much a desperate girl can turn him on. Now he wanted more of it!

She said that she never use the toilet in the school. He did know now that she didn’t wee at school and that she is waiting and holding until at home.

Maybe he could make his dream to reality, he could invite the girl right after school to an event, or he could take her at evening to the cinema before she had been at home, before she had a chance to pee?

To sit beside her and to know that her bladder is overfilled and big as a soccer ball, would be so great.

He always knew that a girls body is sexy, but until then he didn’t know that it is so much sexier when a big, very, very full bladder is inside the body.

