[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 4

Author: Misteriousmr

*078*2016-04-30 08:55

{{:

Really good stuff here. With the next bedwetting scene, would it be possible to have Emily wake up before it starts, but not realize that Chloe is having a nightmare until she begins to wet the bed? Just a suggestion I would like to see, although it might be difficult to implement and keep the continuity of the story.

}}

Honestly, I was kinda planning something like that, but I'll include that detail for you ;)

*079*2016-04-30 09:46

{{:

Damn this is getting intense they are a bunch of gangstas that want Chloe and Emily for I don't know what I haven't figured out that part yet lol but that's just my opinion

}}

It'll be revealed soon ;)

{{:

Jesus, what's with those guys at the casino? They look like they want something that's going to create world domination.

}}

Haha, they we're being kind of try-hards though ;)

*080*2016-04-30 10:38

Chloe and Emily walked out of the tower of evolution, when Emily suddenly grabbed Chloe and pulled her behind a bush.

"Hey! What the- Emily covered Chloes mouth with her hand, looking into her eyes with a slight look of fear.

"Pffft, good thing we don't have to clean that up..."

"Yeah, that was crazy! Too bad they got away though."

"I wasn't expecting a legendary to just show up!"

"Hey, I don't blame you, their attack left a crater in the streets!"

"Oh well, the machine should be almost complete by now."

"I can't wait to see it in action."

The voices slowly ebbed away. Chloe and Emily looked over the edge of the bush and saw a group of five purple haired people walk towards Eclace city.

Chloe and Emily entered Eclace city. It looked like it was nighttime, even though it was early in the evening. The city was nothing but highrises, all in a pitchblack colour. Towards the edge of the city, a large, crooked building rose up above the others, and the top was illuminated by sunlight.

"That must be the leg of darkness..." Emily said, pointing at the building. Chloe was digging through her memories. The way the light met the dark, reaching downward, it felt like there was something important that she was forgetting. She shook her head and followed Emily to the Pokemon center. The few people in the street all wore dark clothes, some looking around shiftily. Some people with purple hair were walking around. Chloe felt a lot save when they entered the Inn, where a rather fat, annoyed looking man greeted them with a growl.

After dinner, Chloe and Emily went to bed. Chloe took her medicine, knowing what would happen if she didn't.

The dream she was in felt diffrent, more intense, like she wasn't dreaming but had been transported to a completely diffrent realm. There was darkness all around her. Suddenly, she saw Emily. She was lying on the ground. She was shaking, mowing her limbs wildly and screaming. Her eyes were closed, yet her face was an expression of pure terror.

"Emily! Wake up Emily!" She tried running towards her, but she couldn't move.

"THIS, THIS IS MY DOING, YET NOT MY FAULT"

Suddenly, other people started showing up; her father, her mother, Emily's parents, and even random people like the Metapod trained she'd fought. Pokemon were lying inbetween the people, all moving around, screaming and crying, and eventually, even Chloe herself appeared.

'PREVENT THIS FUTURE, SAVE THESE LIVES, BRING HER TO HIM, MEND THE HEART"

Chloe started sobbing slowly. Her tears rolled over her cheeks.

'BE STRONG, OR YOU WILL FAIL"

Chloe's tears suddenly burned on her face, like they'd been replaced with drops of lava. Her skin boiled and her flesh cooked as they rolled downwards. Chloe stopped crying, and suddenly, everybody dissapeared.

"DO NOT MISTAKE IGNORANCE FOR EVIL, THIS IS NOT HIS PLAN"

Emily sat up. There was something wrong, but she couldn't figure out what. Everything was in place, everything was peacefull. She looked over at Chloe. She was asleep. She was lying perfectly still. Emily suddenly felt something against her leg. She looked down, as she saw a dark spot once again expand over the blanket. She pulled the blanket away, revealing the growing spot in Chloe's crotch, which had rolled off her leg and come in contact with Emily's.

Emily started shaking her girlfriend as she suddenly realised what was wrong; Chloe was TOO quiet. Even without the nightmares, she'd always moved around in bed. But now she was lying on her back, face straight up and arms glued to her side. Suddenly, Chloe opened her eyes wide, and sat up straight. She screamed. It was long, loud, and sounded like a scream of pure terror. She stopped as suddely as she'd started, and slowly but creepily turned her head towards Emily. Her eyes, which use to be brown, now had no eyewhite, and were completely blue, with a small, cat like white pupil in it.

"WHERE THE DARK MEETS LIGHT A FORCE OF DARKNESS AWAITS. STOP THE HEARTBROKEN. BRING HER TO HIM"

Chloe's voice was everything but her own. It was deep, dark and threatening. Chloe fell out of bed, she'd fainted.

Chloe and Emily were standing in front of the leg of darkness. "Gym closed due to missing Pokemon" the sign said.

"You sure about this?" Emily asked.

"Absolutely" Chloe said, as she looked for a diffrent entrance. She suddenly thought of something. Gardevoir looked over, as she couldn't find an enemy to fight.

"Gardevoir, use Mirror coat on the three of us." Chloe demanded. Soon, all three had dissapeared from view. About 15 minutes later, a purple-haired man walked towards and past them. Chloe followed. The man pushed against a branch, which moved and opened the wall into the building. Once he was out of sight, Chloe and Emily removed the coat and Chloe pushed against the branch, and together they silently walked inside...

I'M RUNNING OUT OF POKEMON SO JUST TO BE CONTINUED THIS TIME SORRY

*081*2016-04-30 12:38

Chloe instantly recognised it; the industrial doors, the machines, she'd seen them in her nightmares. There was nobody around, and the duo slowly walked towards the first door.

"Oi!" a purple haired man came running towards them

"Galvantula, use String shot on his mouth and legs!" the man was on the ground, squimting and muffeling through the thread.

"Galvantula, stick him to the ceiling." Emily and Chloe walked past the man, who was now strung up in a dark corner. After about 20 minutes of walking and evading guards, they entered a large, rectangulare room with lights in the floor, like it was a walkway. The pipes on the ceiling seemed to transfer pure darkness. The door at the other end of tthe hallway opened as the door Chloe and Emily had entered through closed. A man with black hair walked in front of a team of 5 purple haired people.

"Hello. Let me introduce myself: I am Tenebris, head of team dark. I suppose you are the two who blew up Skytorch city?" he said, barely looking up. "Well, I would offer you a cup of tea, hand you a seat, make you comfortable, but sadly I am in the middle of an important experiment. So, I'm afraid I have to ask you to leave."

He snapped his fingers and the five people behind him walked forward.

"Let me introduce you to my admins: 430, 440, 450, 460 and 46x0" he said, as all of them grabbed a Pokeball, "though I heard you met 46x0 before. Now, if you'll excuse me..." he turned around and went back the way he came.

"Go, Umbreon!"

"Go, Zorua!"

"Go, Houndoom!"

"Go, Zweilous!"

"Go, Coffagrigus!"

Groudon and Galvantula looked pissed as they saw their opponents, as if they felt the tension that Chloe and Emily were feeling.

"Groudon, use Eruption!"

"Galvantula, use Electroweb!"

The enemies were tied down in the webs, which were still attached to Galvantula's mouth, after which he shot electricity through its fangs, and the opposing pokemon twitched in their webs. Meanwhile, Groudon shot out lava, which burned through the webs and hit the Pokemon with a great force. Zorua and Umbreon fainted, while the others slowly got up.

"Houndoom, use Lava plume!"

"Zweilous, use Bite!"

"Coffagrigus, use Shadow sneak!"

Coffagrigus dissapeared into the darkness, and as Emily, Chloe and their Pokemon looked around, Zweilous charged forward, landing its teeth into Galvantula's body. Meanwhile, Houndoom was charging up.

"Galvantula, use Extreme speed!" as a blast of fire shot from the dog's mouth, Galvantula sprinted off. The attack hit Zweilous, who recoiled in pain, but didn't faint. Meanwhile, Coffagrigus appeared behind Groudon and before it could counter it, a dark blast hit it in the back.

"Groundon, use Tail whip!" Groudon's tail flew through the air, landing on Coffagrigus with an enourmous force, and Coffagrigus fainted.

"Go, Pangoro!" the most prominent member of the five threw a Pokeball, releasing an enormous pandabear.

"Galvantula, use Bug buzz!" Galvantula rubbed its fangs together, causing a sound which bounced off the walls and zoomed through both to pokemon and the trainers. Zweilous cried out in frustration before falling to the ground.

"Houndoom, use Night daze!" a black circle moved outwards from the Pokemon, hitting both Galvantula and Groudon, who both moved around uneasily.

"Groudon, use Flash fire!" an incredibly shot of fire shot from Groudon, hitting the panda in the stomach. It stumbled backwards, before looking up angrily.

"Pangoro, use Payback!" it rushed forwards, heading for Groudon's foot.

"Groudon, use Earthquacke!" as Groudon rose its foot from the ground, Pangoro shot underneath it, crashing into the ground a distance further. The crash of the foot was immense, and the ground underneath Houndoom cracked and broke, causing it to fall over and faint.

"Galvantula, finish it, use Thunder!" a big thunderbeam shot from its fangs, sending Pangoro flying into the wall and fainting.

"Damnit, we have to tell the boss!" the girl with 2 Pokemon, who Chloe guessed was 46x0, turned around agitated and walked back through the door, the others following her. Chloe and Emily withdrew their Pokemon and walked into the door. On the other side, a thinner rectangular room reached out in front of them, with lights and machines flickering on the walls, pipes running past and through them and into the roof and floor, and a constant buzz of all the machines being used. The five walked towards them, 46x0 stopped, lips pursef together and with a hatefull look behind her purple glasses.

"The boss wants to see you in the next room" she said simply before walking on past the two and through the door behind them.

OMG EXCITEMENT AND STUFF, BUT TO BE CONTINUED

*084*2016-04-30 16:47

Chloe couldn't help but shiver as she walked into the giant, ball-shaped room. In the middle, the giant machine was looming, and Chloe wondered if she'd finally find out who the blue eye belonged to. The walls were finished, now completely covered in dusk stones. The man was standing a few yards away from the door, with his back to the girls.

"I asked you...to leave...didn't I? Why do you want to stop me? What did I ever do wrong?"

"I don't know what exactly you're planning, but it's a bad idea.' Chloe simply stated.

"Do you have any idea how long I waited? How long I planned and constructed? I'm not gonna be stopped by you punks!"

"Well, why don't you answer your own question? What exactly ARE you doing? Because it looks pretty fucking shady to me!"

"YOU WANT TO KNOW? YOU WANT TO KNOW THE HELL I'VE BEEN THROUGH?" he turned around, he looked furiously, "very well then..."

The man took a deep breath before beginning his story.

"I was a researcher. I focused on researching ghost pokemon, and how their intangible form could exist, where they came from, those kinds of things. Something I was looking into at the time was the way they could communicate. I was happy, I had a loving wife, a beautifull home and a daughter. Then, one day...my daughter fell ill. I had every docter in the region come over, I tried everything, I stayed up night after night trying to come up with a way to cure her. But....but I couldn't.....she passed away in my arms...I was overtaken with grief. I didn't go to work for months.

My life fell apart." he paused, "And then, I had an idea. You see, my theory is that people who die become ghost Pokemon. This means, that a dead person, when it becomes a ghost Pokemon, should be able to comunicate with the living. I started having hope. Maybe, just maybe, I could retain my daughter, at least in a way. There's only one problem; there are a lot of ghost Pokemon. I started doing research, and found out that ghost Pokemon are attrackted to negative emotions. I couldn't make everybody cry, or piss off everybody simultaniously, I needed something where I could bypass the human element completely, like a single, concentrated force of negativity. And I found one."

The man walked over towards the wall, and hit a button. The room lit up, revealing the purple machine, the dark walls, the pipes going to and from the machine, and on top of it, contained in some sort of box...a Pokemon.

Chloe recoiled; it looked at her, with its one, piercing blue eye. It's body had an hourglass figure and was completely black. It almost looked like it wore a cape. It's claw like hands, the black portrusions from its shoulders, the red spikes around its head and the white, smoke like head made for a terrifying sight.

"This..." the man said, waving his hand towards the machine, "is Darkrai. He causes nightmares, and he's said to appear at new moons only. When I turn on the machine, blasts of its nightmare power will attract ghost Pokemon from all around the world. Then, I'll find my daughter, turn off the machine, and boom, no harm, no foul." he concluded, "Now...do you still want to stop me? All I want to do is see my daughter again!"

Flashes of sounds and images shot through Chloe's head: "Heal the heartbroken" "he doesn't mean harm" "a dark future nobody choses" "bring her to him", images of the mines where dusk stones were mind, the ball shaped room, all the people shaking and screaming on the ground..."he means no harm"...

"Look," Chloe eventually said, "I think...I think Darkrai contacted me...I...I've been having nightmares, and he...he showed me the result of the machine...and...it wasn't what you think, no, hope it is..." Chloe finished clumsily. How was she supposed to explain this?

The man sighed. "Still...still you oppose me...does it look like I CARE about what will happen? Does it look like I CARE who he contacted? I. just. want. to. speak. to. my. daughter!" the man stormed towards the machine, and before Chloe or Emily could react, pushed the button on it. The machine started shaking and groaning as it started up. The pipes started pumping the darkness they'd seen in the previous room into the machine and into the chamber, making them lose sight of Darkrai. A big, dark purple ring shot outwards, bouncing of the dusk stones, and shooting through the walls...

### meanwhile, outside ---

From the top floor of the leg of darkness, a huge spherical blast of pure nightmares shot outwards. Anyone and everyone it came into contact with screamed, seeing their worst fear appear before their eyes. People on the street fell to the ground, wildly mowing with their arms. Bird Pokemon fell from the sky with a dead stare, as did the Pokemon in the forests and seas. Wave after wave boomed outwards.

"Ahahahaha! I did it!" the man turned around, and Emily and Chloe looked on in horror as they saw the machine continually shoot out its terrible power. Emily and Chloe looked at eachother.

"We have to stop it!" Chloe said

"Y- yeah" Emily stuttered. When she decided to go with Chloe, this wasn't what she had expected to do. Groudon fit in the room easily.

"Groudon, use Flamethrower!"

"Galvantula, use Thunder!"

The red and yellow beams hit the machine, but it didn't leave a scratch. Chloe wrecked her brain, trying to think of a solution.

"Galvantula, use Extreme speed on the button!"

Galvantula shot forward and hit the button, which gave a small *click*, but didn't do anything.

"Groudon, use Slash on the pipes!"

Groudon's mighty claws struck the pipes, but bounced back without damaging it at all.

Chloe and Emily once again looked at eachother; the machine was practically untoucable.

"Emily...should we go for the Skytorch combination?" Emily looked unsure, but eventually nodded.

"Groudon, use Eruption!"

"Galvantula, use Zap cannon on the Eruption!"

Groudon and Galvantula started to charge up, only for Galvantula to be hit by a ball, seemingly made from pure darkness. Tenebris was laughing as he petted the Malamar responsible for the attack.

"Groudon, use Flamethrower on Malamar!"

"Galvantula, use Thunderbolt!"

Malamar was hit with the Flamethrower, which wasn't very effective against it, but was subsequently hit by the Thunderbolt, which was extremely effective, making the squid fly backwards and into the wall.

"Go, Hydreigon!"

The three-headed dragon roared as it appeared.

"Use Fly!" the Pokemon shot upwards, made a small backwards loop and zoomed at Galvantula.

"Galvantula, use Thunderwave quickly!" a blast of weak electricity hit the quickly approacing Hydreigon, and it fell to the ground.

"Groudon, use Earthquacke!" the ground shook and burst open, causing some massive damage to Hydreigon.

"Galvantula, finish it with Thunder!" a thick beam shot towards the Pokemon, sliding it along the ground and into the machine when it hit. Tenebris grit his teath and reached for his last Pokeball...

### meanwhile, outside---

People and Pokemon everywhere were wriggling around, some screaming, some crying. A few Wingul and Pelliper washed up on the shore as they'd dropped into the sea. From atop a tower, a woman watched on as the carnage spread. She looked down, and somehow...felt an overwhelming guilt. She turned towards the flame behind her and walked down the staircase.

The Sableye laughed maniacly as it appeared, it's creepy grin spread across its face. Tenebris suddenly raised its arm, as Chloe noticed, too late, a rainbow-coloured stone on his necklace made from black stone. The Sableye was surrounded by a hug, pinkish ball, with what seemed like pure energy swirling around it. Cracks started to appear, and the ball burst apart, revealing the mega Sableye, who, for a second, had a symbol above his head. Chloe recognised it as the symbol on the front door of the evolution tower.

"Sableye, use power gem!" a bunch of multicoloured stones appeared around the creature, which was now hiding behind its oversized ruby, which shot forward and struck Galvantula.

"Galvantula, use Volt tackle!" the spider shot forward, but the Sableye hid behind its stone and, even though Galvantula wasn't hurt, didn't take damage.

"Groudon, use Flamethrower!" it had the same effect, as the Sableye hid and was unaffected.

Chloe suddenly came up with an idea.

"Galvantula, use Electroweb on the ruby!" the ruby was covered in silk, even though the electricity didn't do anything to it.

"Now, use Extreme speed on the ruby!" the spider shot forward, and as Chloe had hoped, the ruby stuck to the spider as it rushed past, pulling it away from the Sableye, who looked around, obviously confused.

"Groudon, now, use Flamethrower!" the blast of fire hit Sableye directly, and he flew backwards.

"He's out of Pokemon, Groudon, use Eruption!"

"Galvantula, use Zap cannon!"

The following explosion was even bigger than before. The dusk stones on the wall cracked and burst into small pieces. The pipes couldn't take the pressure and started bursting, before shattering alltogether. The machine, which was violently shaking, slowly fell apart. The purple metal plates fell to the ground, and the wires inside started to melt. The box containing Darkrai slowly cracked and exploding, sending tiny pieces of glass flying. Emily and Chloe protected their face with their arms as the heat and energy of the attack rushed through the room. Once the energy was dissipated and the dust had settled, they looked around. Darkrai was floating in place, and Tenebris was curled up on the ground.

"No, nononono, what have you done, all my work, everything, for nothing, you ruined it, you ruined me, how could you..."

Something on Chloe's belt was starting to become warmer and warmer, and when she looked, she saw one of her pokeballs violently shaking. She opened it and sent out the occupant.

Gardevoir landed gracefully, and walked over to the shaking scientist. It put its hand on its head, and he looked up. Suddenly everything clicked.

The daughter that died hadn't become a ghost Pokemon, but instead became a Ralts, the same one she saved from the Phantump so long ago...on the same day she went to the haunted chateau, where Darkrai had felt the daughter's presence and contacted Chloe, trying to get her to Eclace city. The daughter couldn't intervere due to the dark power, keeping her away...but...what about the mother?

Suddenly the door opened, and in the doorway stood a woman, who looked at the floor in shame.

"I failed you" she said, looking up...it was Samantha...

TO BE CONTINUED WITH LESS NIGHTMARES

*085*2016-04-30 18:09

Well, that was a long-ass chapter, here's the TL;DR version:

The Ralts Chloe caught close to Amethius city was the deceased daughter of Tenebris and Samantha. Tenebris had captured Darkrai, but Darkrai realised Chloe had the daughter and tried to get her to Eclace city before Tenebris could activate the machine. Kirlia realised that the Pokemon Emily and Chloe had weren't strong enough, and led the to Groudon. The purple haired people were part of team dark, which was lead by Tenebris, with the handheld devises being used to spot ghost pokemon activity. Meanwhile, team dark blew up the entrance to Glittermine cave to mine dusk stones for the machine.

Samantha left Tenebris after the death and became the Skytorch city gymleader. The purple glasses a people were wearing prefented them from being hit by the nightmares, including Samantha. Samantha was being violent against Emily because by that time she heard that Chloe and Emily were the source of the peaks in ghost pokemon activity. The nightmares were as intense as they were in Eclace city because they were so nearby. Darkrai didn't contact Emily because his power was being drained by the machine.

I should write a book...

*087*2016-04-30 18:45

That moment there's not just "fan", but also " fiction " :p

*089*2016-04-30 21:11

When Emily and Chloe walked out of the building, the city was a sight to behold. The streets were littered with people and Pokemon, all slowly waking up. Some people look around confused, some people panicked, and others kept lying there, as if they were processing what happened. The bird Pokemon all took off when they had the chance, while the bug Pokemon scurried away between the grass and water Pokemon swam away. Chloe and Emily were about to head back towards the hotel, when they heard someone approach from behind them.

"Hey!"

Chloe and Emily turned around, only to see Tenebris running towards them.

"Hey, I forgot, I'm also the dark type gymleader, so..." from his back pocket he pulled two badges. They were black, and in the shape of a crescent moon. Emily and Chloe accepted them.

"Hey, look, um, I'm sorry. I just...I just wanted..."

Chloe took her Pokeball from her belt and stuck out her hand towards Tenebris.

"What? Oh, no, I couldn't...I couldn't accept..."

"Take it." Chloe said. She had been unsure about giving away Gardevoir at first, but she had decided that it was for the best.

Emily was looking around, while Chloe waited patiently.

"This one?" Emily held up to golden circles. Chloe waved her hand horizontally.

"Meh, they're not really "you""

"How about these?" Emily took two solid golden squares.

"Nonono, absolutely not."

Emily gasped, opened her eyes wide and walked over to a cabinet at the other end of the store. She took out a Dratini-shaped earring. It was just one, and it circled around the back of her ear when she tried it on. The Dratini's head pointed downwards, almost as if it was looking over her shoulder, while the Dratini's tail went through her ear. Chloe's eyes brightened.

"I like it!" she said.

"Ah yes, it looks rather good on you!" the man said as he took Emily's earring, "again, it'll only take a minute!"

When he came back into the white room, the Keystone had been attached as the bottom of the two pearls around Dratini's tail.

"Now, I hope you take good care of your keystones" he said, with a smile.

"Oh, sir?" Chloe said, suddenly remembering something, "I won't be needing this anymore..." Chloe handed the man the blue-white stone.

"Oh, right, the Gardevoir, yes, yes, that was a selfless act indeed." Chloe started to blush slightly as the man took the stone from her.

"Ofcourse, if you get a Pokemon capable of mega evolution, come see me! And, as a reward for your pure heart and kindness, young lady, take this gift." The man handed Cloe a Pokeball. The top part was a deep purple.

"Thanks..." Chloe said confused.

"This is a master ball, it'll catch everything, without fail!" the man said.

"Oh wow, thanks!" Chloe said more excitedly.

Once Chloe and Emily were outside, Emily made a face.

"I wonder how the man knew you gave away your Gardevoir?"

Meanwhile, under the evolution tower, the man walked into a backroom and grabbed a lens. As he held it up, a darkness filled it, and a single, blue eye appeared inside.

"And, enjoying your new freedom?" he asked

"Absolutely, but I'm more at rest now that I know everyone is save..."

"Say, for a dark type you're awfully caring" the man laughed, and he put the lens down.

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE MEGA EVOLUTION

Also fun fact: Tenebris is latin for darkness...yeah...I actually went that far with this...because I have no life...

*091*2016-04-30 21:49

So, now that that subplot has been wrapped up, what do you guys wanna see (apart from getting badges)?

- more wetting (Be specific!)

- more sexy times

- more adventure

- another subplot

- something else (again, ve specific)

Don't wordt by the way, I have a..."post game" in Mind...

*094*2016-05-05 18:13

{{7 hours ago, Xygna said:

Wetting during sexy time, of course. Made for some really good foreplay to read.

Maybe have the wetting they have been doing cause Chloe to continue wetting the bed? I'm a pretty big fan of bedwetting in case you can't tell, especially witnessed.

}}

Hmm, ok. I myself am not that "into" naked wetting or anything, but I'll put it in there somewhere.

I was thinking about that myself, so you'll see that return sometimes ;)

*095*2016-05-05 18:14

{{On 30/04/2016 at 11:50 PM, wheatley said:

Advice for the master ball: don't throw it at a pokemon with a big ass mouth.

}}

Whiscash plz

*096*2016-05-05 18:53

Chloe and Emily decided to leave Eclace city soon after, walking over the rocky road overviewing the ocean. The road was pretty boring, with only a few trainers and being mostly covered in the shadow of mount Ebott. Above the waves some Wingull were flying in circles, screeching and sometimes diving down to catch a Remoraid or Finneon. Close to the end of the route, Chloe felt like she was being watched. She looked around and saw a small, yellow snout and dopey eyes. Out of a bush, a small yellow-green Pokemon, with a single hole on top of its body, was looking at the pair. Chloe halted Emily with a hand on her arm, and reached for a Pokeball. Galvantula was bigger, and more fearsome than the Nummel, which looked around derpily.

"Galvantula, use Thunder!"

The thunder strook the Nummel, which recoiled slightly, before it looked at the Galvantula with slightly more intrest. A burst of fire erupted from its back, which hit Galvantula on the side of its head. On Chloe's command, the spider dug its fangs into the Pokemon before charging them with electricity. The Nummel shook, and fell down. Chloe grabbed a Pokeball, which shook, and shook...*click*!

"So, what is there to do in the next city?" Chloe asked, and Emily grabbed her booklet.

Emily cleared her throat, "Electophorus city: a city most well known for distributing power to a big part of the region. The city is home to the Electic type gym. Tourists can visit the Name rater, which will rate the names of Pokemon, or the museum of electric power, where the history of the city and generators in general are shown. Sounds exciting, no?"

Electophorus city was grand. It wasn't as luxurious as Sunshoal city, but refreshingly bright after Eclace city. The building were mostly grey, and a lot of spires sent sparks flying through the air. Chloe looked up and realized how difficult it would be for a Skarmory to fly over. The Inn was small but rather nice. It was one of the first to have a TV, and Chloe dropped down on bed, happy that her nightmares SHOULD be over...for now. Emily sat down next to her, wrapping her arms around her.

"I like this" she whispered in Chloe's ear.

"What, this Inn?"

"No, you, this adventure, everything..." Emily said softly, with her voice slightly cracking.

"Hey, what's up?" Chloe said as she looked over, seeing the tears in Emily's eyes.

"I just...I just...I love you so much...and...I'm so glad I met you...and that you...wanted me along on your adventures...and...it's so much fun...and..." Emily smiled as more tears rolled down her cheeks. Chloe hugged her tightly.

"I love you, to" Chloe whispered...

TO BEELZEBUB CONTINUED

SEND HELP I'M RUNNING OUT OF JOKES

*097*2016-05-05 18:58

Let's take a moment to talk about the towns and how I came up with their names:

- Amethius: from the purple stone "Amethist"

- Moonterra: Terra is latin for ground, so it's actually "moonground"

- Sunshoal: It's sunny + a word that fits, I don't even know what a shoal is tbh.

- Skytorch: It has a giant fire, like a torch.

- Eclace: From "(Ecl)ipse" and "Sp(ace)"

- Electrophorus: An old machine used to charge static electricity, google it.

And all the other places (Glittermine etc.) I kinda make up on the spot...

