Sil's Submissive Study Session

Author: Millworks

*000*2022-10-05 20:04

Sil sat at her desk, trying to wade through tens of pages of university reading material within a single night. It wasn't due soon - she still had a week before she had to know it, though getting this done now meant she could watch a movie with her friends later tonight, without guilt. She had been at this desk for about an hour now, only taking breaks to refill her water bottle. Now, she squirmed quietly in her seat, quickly rocking her hips back and forth.

It seems, overtime, all that water funneled its way to that poor bladder of her's.

Each rock would push on her bladder just enough to make it tingle, which would make her want to rock even harder. She knew she couldn't contain it all inside her forever, which is exactly why she made a spontaneous agreement with herself: she'll go to the bathroom after all the reading material was finished. After all, she still had 20 minutes left until the movie - the time she could spend going to the bathroom could easily be used to finish this work. With that in mind, she pressed on, occasionally pressing her hand between her jittery thighs to bide her some time.

As time went on, her legs couldn't help but become more fidgety, yet she noticed that she was indeed working faster than she otherwise would have. To her credit, she was crushing page after page, but ultimately not fast enough for her liking. By now, she only had 10 minutes left, and, at this rate, she'd have to read 1 page a minute to finish it all. Mentally exhausted, it was hardly achievable, but Sil had a funny idea.

She turned and grabbed her, quite noticeably full, water bottle.

The cold temperature of the bottle caused her to gasp and bounce in her seat, with her quite noticeably confused bladder aching in protest. Sil gathered her strength and placed a calm hand above her soft bladder bump - a gesture of apology for what she was about to do. She started to chug, feeling all the water from the bottle immediately make its way down her throat, passing through her body, and now firmly pressing on the knot of her heavy, defenseless water balloon. Only a tiny gulp of water remained afterwards.

Her eyes glazed over the words on each page in record-time, taking in each point of info with, quite honestly, questionable validity. Her bladder dully throbbed, but she kept her butt pinned to her seat - as the steady hand pressing against her crotch ensured that her light pink, well-fit leggings stayed dry. Besides, she didn't want to wet them - her friend, Madie, lent it to her for tonight after a lot of buttering up. She'd rather keep from wetting, no matter how much her little bladder yearned for it.

Sil reached the end of the reading right on time - her friends would be here to drop by her residence room any moment now. Quickly, she closed her computer and stood up to grab her things - namely her room key, water bottle and phone. Yet, she didn't anticipate how gravity would wrack her bladder, causing her to stifle a moan and bend forward just enough to ease the weight in her belly. Slowly removing both hands from her crotch, Sil noticed how her pink leggings perfectly outlined her growing belly bump. She silently admired it for a couple seconds, considering if she wanted to put on a longer shirt. She shook the thought away (carefully, not to jolster her bladder), grabbed her required items and headed for the door - specifically for the bathroom in the hall. A bathroom she'd really like to use - a bathroom she really *needed* to use.

A bathroom that read "occupied".

Sil started to panic, bobbing in place, worried to knock on the door as she didn't want to embarrass both her and the person denying her from emptying her study sap. Her feet were frozen in the hallway, unsure whether to retreat back into her room or gather the courage to knock. Decidedly, she did neither, staking out until some higher power came to her rescue. That higher power was a friend named Axie, apparently, walking down the hall in Sil's direction.

Sil desperately tried to act as normal as possible, turning around to lock her door, occupying both hands with the key and uncrossing her legs. Axie is often oblivious to body language anyway, so it was likely unnecessary for Sil to go the extra mile and drink the last of what was left in her water bottle in front of her.

"Heya, Sil!" Axie said.

"A-ah, hhhey, Axie. H-how are you?" Sil replied.

Axie didn't respond, and instead gasped at the sight of Sil's legs. Sil's heartbeat accelerated, though she contained her panic. She shyly turned towards Axie, stood up straighter, squeezed her thighs together and prayed.

"I-is everything okay... A-Axie?" Sil questioned.

"Y-your leggings are so cute!!" Axie blurted. "That's the pair that Brooke gave you, right??"

"M-Madie, actually."

"Hm? Oh. Her."

...

A few seconds passed by. Axie continued to stare at Sil's legs.

Her eyes refused to move, and Sil felt her breathing getting heavy. She couldn't tell what was going on. Axie just kept staring as Sil's thighs impatiently clamped together as tight as they could, becoming desperate for an opportunity to be aided by her hands, which were painfully idling at her hips to not clue Axie in. Sil's eyes started to tear up ever so slightly. Her crotch began to tremble, and her posture was faltering. She wanted more than anything else to drop to her knees, buckle and thrust everything to plug her aching nozzle, complaining and whimpering, to keep herself from spilling and gushing her contents down her friend's property - and it felt like Axie knew that - that Axie wanted to see her do it.

Sil felt the tiniest drop of sap position itself at the tip of her uterus, causing her to yelp at a volume she didn't intend. Axie entered the real world again.

"Oh - fuck, sorry, I got distracted. C-cute leggings you have." Axie said, looking around the hallway, nervously. "I-I didn't mean to stare at you like that - um, let's just go the movie now. Sorry."

"O-okay", Sil squeaked.

Axie speed walked down to the common room, leaving Sil in the dust. Her hands immediately shot down to her crotch, and she breathed a sigh of relief. She leaned against the wall and held her position for a few seconds, feeling around for any signs of damage. Thankfully, she held all of her pee. She was dry. Unfortunately, that meant all her pee was still trapped inside her. Her abdomen ached, and her eyes stared back at the occupied bathroom. Maybe she could use another bathroom on this floor?

"Sil? Are you coming? The movie's already started", Axie said, now peeking her head from behind the hallway corner (though still too embarrassed to make eye-contact).

"O-oh, u-umm... y-yeah, here I come!" Sil replied, getting up from the wall. She glanced at the bathroom and half-heartedly groaned, following Axie and wobbling her way down to the common room door. She'll just find an opportunity to pee later.

Hopefully.


