Reasons She Couldn’t Go: Difficult Clothing

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-07-11 11:22

Mary-Jane was every bit as excited for her five year old daughter’s birthday as her daughter was. She’d been planning it for months, the cake had arrived and a huge box of items was packed. Most of the forty invited kids had confirmed their attendance and all that needed done now was for Mia to wake up, unwrap her gifts and get on her new clothes.

Mary-Jane drank her morning coffee looking at the huge pile of wrapped gifts on the couch and listening for signs of Mia waking. Finally she heard her coming downstairs in her new pyjamas with ‘I am 5’ on, deliberately bought so they would look great on the photos. As an only child Mia was spoiled but Mary-Jane couldn’t resist and determined that her precious child was worth every penny.

Mia excitedly opened present after present while Mary-Jane snapped photo after photo. The rustling of paper and the huge pile of packaging wasn’t the picture image Mary-Jane wanted so she bagged the rubbish quickly, ordered the gifts in a decorative fashion and had Mia pose smiling in front of them. That’s how it should be and that’s what mattered to Mary-Jane.

Her phone buzzed with family FaceTiming and Mia delighted in showing off to aunts, uncles, cousins and grandparents all of whom doted on her enormously. Meanwhile Mary-Jane rustled up some pancakes and juice for her darling daughter then left her eating and playing while she showered, did her make up and got ready for the party. Despite being on the larger side with especially large breasts Mary-Jane knew how to show off her curves and her shoulder length hair was styled to the last follicle.

She then returned downstairs, washed Mia with a flannel and put on her new party dress that had set her back almost £50, pleating her hair and adding glitter for final effect. Mia looked every bit the princess her mum knew she was. She gave Mia juice and a biscuit, warning her not to spill anything on her outfit and had a glass of juice herself.

Mia grabbed one of her new toys to take with her and off they headed in the car for the party, Mia excitedly chatting away in the rear. A few faithful family and friends were already there putting final decorations to the hall and they helped Mary-Jane in with the large LOL doll cake, LOL themed party bags, napkins, plates and even masks for the children. Mia played with a balloon happily with her cousin while set up continued.

‘Are the party organisers on their way Mary-Jane? I thought they’d be here by now?’

Mary-Jane checked her phone but just then a couple arrived with bin bags, balloons, and a huge suitcase.

‘Sorry we are a little late! It’s been one of those mornings. Don’t worry we’ll have everything set up in ten minutes.’

Mary-Jane caught up with friends as the party organisers busied themselves setting up music, lights, a bouncy castle, a ball pit and pinning up decorations as the couple were in and out the room getting more and more things. Just as they confirmed they were ‘good to go’ more children arrived and Mia got more and more excited seeing school friends, neighbours, girls from her dance class and both boys and girls from her art class, all bringing cards and gifts and running to play.

As the party got fully started by the hosts the male from the couple asked to speak to Mary-Jane so she broke away from the crowd and stood outside the room briefly.

‘Hi, we have a bit of a problem. I know you paid for two mascots but unfortunately we can only provide 1 today. We’ll give you a discount today but I wanted to ask if you preferred Queen Bee or Lux? Does your daughter prefer one over the other?’

Mary-Jane was almost in tears!

‘No! No! She NEEDS to have both! Mia has to have two because her friend only had 1 and I promised her TWO at hers! This really isn’t acceptable at all!’

‘ I am so sorry mam! We do have both outfits here and if anyone would be willing to use one I will happily let them. I had someone lined up but they have taken ill at the last minute I’m afraid. Company policy is that anyone using the outfits must be vetted for security though? Do you have any school teachers, dance teachers etc here that might help?’

Mary-Jane tried to think. ‘No! No! It’s my mum and dad and my sister and brothers and a couple of parents but no-one like that! Look there HAS to be a solution. Mia HAS to have both Queen Bee AND Lux. It’s her birthday!’

‘I can’t apologise enough mam. The only other thing I can suggest is that maybe if you were willing to be one? As Mia’s mum of course you would be exempt from needing vetted as you can, of course, have close contact with your own child. I am sorry it’s just all I can think of.’

Mary-Jane thought for a moment then nodded. ‘Ok. I’ll do it. I will not allow my child to do without. Just let me know when I need to put it on. I assume it’s easy enough? So it’s like 5-10 minutes at the end or something right?’

‘Oh that’s great! Well actually I like them to be out for at least twenty minutes dancing with the kids, getting photos etc. The kids LOVE the mascots so much. It can be hard for us to get them away to be honest!’

‘Oh. I understand. As I say just say when. I’d better get back. Mia will be wondering where I am!’

In fact Mia was too busy having fun with her friends to have even noticed her mum had briefly left the room. Mary-Jane whispered to her mum and sister what was happening asking them to take copious photos of Mia with the mascots before taking photos of all the children having fun herself. The party hosts were doing a great job keeping the kids entertained playing games and dancing. In no time at all the kids were guided to sit down for drinks and snacks and Mary-Jane had a quick glass of diluting juice as the hosts and family gave out crisps, sausage rolls, nuggets, cocktail sausages, pizza, cheese, sweets and sandwiches to every child. Mary-Jane was just taking more photos when she had a tap on her shoulder. A nod from the party organisers told her it was time.

In a small side room Mary-Jane was handed a huge LOL costume including shoes, full head gear and padding.

‘Can I just nip to the ladies first?’

‘Can you wait? It takes two to get these things on. We are due on in six minutes and as soon as you have it off you’ll be free the rest of the party.’

Mary-Jane thought for a moment before opening the costume fully and starting to pull it on. There was a huge padded body suit including arms and padded gloves, a full over the head part, trousers, and even padded shoes. She started by pulling the trousers on then climbing into the body part, grateful that it wasn’t too tight against her fuller body.

‘How does this fasten then?’

‘They zip up the back. I’ll do you and then if you could do mine? You put the feet on next and the head on last. It’s sweaty in these mind but the kids faces are so worth it’

Mary-Jane pulled the sleeves to her shoulders, the padding making her even larger than she was in every area. She hobbled towards the female party organiser who quickly zipped her up at the back.

‘Take your shoes off. It’s much easier to get the feet on in just socks and keeps the material cleaner’

‘Ok’

She climbed into the feet pulling them tight on and then shuffled to zip up the organisers costume. She then pulled the head over her head and tried talking, which was almost impossible. She pulled the head over up slightly.

‘Do I look ok?’

‘Perfect’

‘Cool because I really should have went to the toilet first! So in, dance, photos and out? 15 mins tops? Not sure I can stand the heat much longer than that!’

‘Yip. Should be fine. Right let’s go!’

Mary-Jane peeked into the hall through the eye holes of the mascot outfit seeing the forty or so kids sitting on the ground avidly looking at the entertainer who appeared to be be playing some sort of LOL themed game with the thrilled audience. Lux stepped in first and Mary-Jane followed as Queen Bee in her huge golden puffy dress up mascot outfit. Wether it was nerves or just genuine need she wasn’t sure but suddenly he felt incredibly desperate to wee! Now wasn’t the time! Mia needed her.

It took just one child to notice the mascots and the children all ran excitedly to see them. Not being used to the sudden charge of children in a padded costume Mary-Jane almost fell backwards. Thankfully, Lux was more prepared and put her arm out to stop the children. As expected the children loved the mascots and Mary-Jane found herself beaming and emotional as she heard Mia’s little voice squeal with delight. She got caught up in the moment dancing and hugging the children and standing for so many photos. Despite her aching throbbing bladder she just couldn’t pull herself away from the adoring children.

Eventually after almost twenty minutes someone guided her out the room by which time someone had already taken Lux back to the changing room and unzipped her. Mary Jane walked in and pulled the head gear off panting for air.

‘Geez these things are hot. And goodness I am bursting for the loo so bad! Can you unzip me? Thanks!’

It took a lot of effort to pull the dress off with its long full length sleeves and padded gloves and as soon as Mary-Jane could she moved from foot to foot and grabbed between her legs.

‘I wish I had went to the toilet before doing that! I had to concentrate so much in there to keep it in. God these things are murder to get off aren’t they?’

‘Yip. Listen we don’t want us both coming out here at the same time or one of the smart kids will guess it was us as the dolls. I’ve just got these shoes to get off then I’ll head back in. It’s straightforward to get off now. See you in a bit. And well done!’

Before Mary-Jane could protest the woman left her alone with padded shoes and dress trousers still to get off. By now frantic to pee Mary-Jane danced around from foot to foot trying to undo the ties of the padded feet unsuccessfully.

‘Dear God I have to pee so bad! Come off! Hurry up!’

Finally one foot loosened and Mary-Jane slipped it off. Hopping and trying to hold herself she put the other foot on a chair but as she bent forward to undo the ties she felt a spurt of pee escape her crotch. Grabbing herself she tried pushing hard between her legs but the mascot trousers, her leggings and underwear formed too many layers to get enough pressure.

She yanked hard at the shoe and pulled it off.

Now all that was left was the tan trousers.

Mary-Jane cursed as she tried to undo the clip at the waist that held them up, but it wouldn’t budge. The costume wasn’t designed for someone of her build despite being elasticated. She tried again jumping up and down in panic and urgency to urinate.

‘Come on! Come on!’

Unable to leave to room in case a child from the party recognised the character mascot trousers and with no-one to help her Mary-Jane tried a third time, even trying to nudge the trousers down with the clip closed. Her thighs were just too big though and she just couldn’t stay still. She sat on a plastic chair bouncing her knees and legs frantically trying to think what to do when another strong bladder spasm hit.

With her legs spread apart she leaned forward in the chair, her hands on her knees and her teeth clenched. Another longer spurt rushed out uncontrollably, then a four second pause before the damn burst its banks completely . Mary-Jane could feel the warmth and liquid rush through her thong, pour into the crotch of her leggings then run down her leggings and soak through the mascot trousers. She sat there frozen to the spot as her bladder completely emptied, her face red with embarrassed but her mouth no longer clenched and tense.

Quickly she then stood up, stepped forwards, undid the suit trousers, pulled them off and wrapped them altogether with the rest of the mascot outfit in the bag and ran to the ladies next door where she washed her hands, splashed her face with cold water and used the hand dryer as much as possible to dry her leggings whilst still on. Thankfully being black and having faced forwards most of the damage was down the inside legs, the crotch and her bottom.

She left the ladies and looked in on the party which was just finishing. Whilst the children said goodbye to the organisers Mary-Jane slipped in grabbed her coat and tied it round her waist to hide any visible signs of her accident.

She paid the organisers cash and tipped them well hoping the suit trousers would dry before they noticed what had happened.

‘Mum, mum, wasn’t that brilliant! Did you see Lux and Queen Bee mum? I won pass the parcel! Oh and can Kyra come and play, please mum...please?’

Kyra’s dad approached smiling with Kyra by his side.

‘If her dad says that’s ok?’

‘If you don’t mind Mary-Jane?’

‘No it’s fine. You are both welcome if you want. As long as you don’t mind me getting a quick shower? I’m....sweating after the party’

Kyra’s dad winked at Mary-Jane. ‘Of course not. You know I have been hearing so much about these LOL dolls today. I never knew some colour changed, some spit...and some even pee!’

He glanced down at Mary-Jane’s legs before smiling at her.

‘I wonder which one of those Queen Bee does?’

Mary-Jane laughed. ‘Apparently you only find these things out by giving them a drink. You fancy a coffee at mine?’

&&

*003*2020-07-11 18:34

{{2 hours ago, Lameone24 said:

Agreed that was amazing, as is this whole series.

}}

Thank you. A few more to come yet

*007*2020-07-13 08:41

{{7 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I've got a suggestion for the next "Reasons She Couldn't Go" story-a woman gets trapped somewhere and is unable to use the bathroom as a result(take your pick: elevator, theme park ride, traffic jam, locked inside a building, etc).

}}

Great suggestion!

{{7 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

I also have gone through this when I'm wearing complex dancing and cheer leading costumes, when I can't remove them to pee. But the time I had to hold were definitely longer than this

}}

Yes but poor Mary-Jane obviously isn’t used to holding for long 😉

