12 more months of desperate workers

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-07-23 23:37

A follow on from my original series of 12 months of desperate workers.

January: the gym owner

Thomas was living his dream. Having been in the army for a number of years he knew and understood the importance of looking after your body and keeping fit. So it seemed perfect for him to be running his own gym. Business was doing good, party because he had been very business aware and made some great deals with local businesses that meant their employees could access the gym at a reduced cost with the employers paying the rest. For Thomas this meant he had a guaranteed monthly income regardless of how many clients came and he had just signed another deal with the NHS locally meaning he could take referrals from GP’s and pharmacists with the NHS paying a chunk of the fees. Of course Thomas knew this might change his overall client base substantially but it also generated a wider business and he needed that to survive.

Thomas was thankful for loyal and well trained staff. The gym had been open three years now and thankfully he had managed to retain most of the original group of employees he had trained. Staffing was by far his biggest outlay so to help that expense Thomas worked long hours himself.

January was always his busiest ever month. He was one of the few people thankful for the ‘new year, new start’ mantra and the proliferation of New Years resolutions. Thomas planned on doing al he could to break the trend of people attending the gym one month but never again. He put his life and soul into making working out as much of a passion for others as it was for him.

Thomas had every part of his body honed and under his control. He ran his business like a machine and expected nothing but the best from everyone, including himself.

So it came as quite a disappointment to him when Robin called in sick right in the first week of January! Thomas was fuming and found himself having to reschedule things to be able to do gym introductions to all the new clients Robin should have been training. Despite being stressed Thomas refused to let his frustrations affect his business so after his early morning workout he had a quick bottle of water in his office and a banana before seeing the first new client at 8am.

Th first client signed up and paid their first month in advance and Thomas hoped he had done enough to convince them that the gym was a place for life not just for new year. Before he had even said goodbye he had to do another hours introduction to yet another new client, this time a middle aged woman who clearly hadn’t been in a gym in her life before. Thomas wasn’t even half way through the introduction when he felt his bladder sending him a signal that he should pop to the bathroom soon.

He wasn’t going to walk out of an introduction though so he carried on showing the customer around and demonstrating some of the more basic equipment like the bikes and treadmill. He set a bike to its easiest setting and encouraged the client to try. She struggled and after just a few minutes Thomas helped her off. Worried he had put her off he veered her towards a side area with chairs and a computer and he switched on the computer to show some graphs and visuals of how regular exercise makes a huge difference.

Thomas crossed his legs and bounced his knee a little as his need to pee increased quicker than he was comfortable with. He decided as soon as this client left he would make his way quickly to the toilet. He could see that the customer wasn’t likely to come often though she really would benefit from doing so. It wasn’t his place to judge though but he sighed inwardly when she leaned into her handbag and pulled out a can of cola.

‘Sorry, you can’t drink that in here. It’s our policy not to allow food and drink in the gym.’

‘But they’ve all got bottles beside them?’

‘Yes madam, water is actively encouraged and in fact everyone should be drinking around 2 litres of water daily and more if you exercise regularly. I’m afraid carbonated drinks do not count mam and we have a blanket policy if not allowing them here at all.’

‘Mmm. Alright, can I have some water please?’

Reluctantly Thomas headed over to the water fountain and used a plastic cup to get the client some water, the gurgling water canister, the running tap and the filling cup all making his need to pee much greater. He carried the cup the few steps to the client and sat behind the computer as she casually put the cup to her lips and drank it all.

‘Thanks. How come you are not drinking since you think it’s so important then? I mean shouldn’t you be setting me an example since you seem to know everything that’s right for us?’

Thomas was annoyed. This woman had attitude and he just wanted her away so he could use the toilet and get on with his day. He had way better things to do with his morning and this was why he employed staff for tricky customers like this. Still she only had 15 minutes allocated time left in her introduction so Thomas took a deep breathe and answered as politely as he could.

‘Actually mam I have already had a quarter of my daily intake of water and will absolutely reach my two litre target and more by the end of the day. But just to show you how important it is I will have some now with you. Actually at your next introduction, should you wish to come back, my staff would be carrying out a full health check with one of those being a check to see how hydrated you actually are.’

Thomas couldn’t help but think his own measurements would be very high right now with such a full bladder but he kept quiet as he reluctantly once again walked over to the water container and filled another small cup of water and drank it all. It was cold, refreshing and lovely but Thomas knew it would just add to his already full bladder. He returned to his chair and crossed his legs while he tried to convince the customer to sign up.

She left undecided and on her way out the door pulled the ring-pull to open her can of coke as if by some form of protest. Thomas sighed and shook his head before turning right around and heading for the bathroom.

Except the receptionist stopped him before he got there.

‘Mr Rainman, sorry, it’s Simone from Waters Biscuits wanting to talk to you.’

Thomas turned, his bladder pushing strongly and his penis longing for release.

‘Can you ask if I can call her back please? Even in five minutes?’

‘Unfortunately she’s about to leave the office and wanted to talk to you now before she goes. I told her you had just come to reception and were available. Sorry.’

Thomas wanted to scream. Can a man not get to have a piss around here? For goodness sake! But instead he said he would take the call in his office and went there right away. After all Waters Biscuits were one of the biggest local businesses as had a workforce of over 120 people. He could really make money if he could do a deal with them. He’d been trying to talk to them for months!

He headed to his office and took the call. It lasted much longer than he wanted. For the first ten minutes he sat on his seat fidgeting and crossing his legs. He’d been so close to a bathroom, so tantalisingly close to peeing in a urinal and the thought made him so uncomfortable and increased his need exponentially. He was bursting now! He scissored his legs, bounced a little and moved his legs around.

Still the call continued.

He tried pacing the room. He tried standing against the wall. He even tried sitting on his table. Nothing seemed to take away from his ever filling and heavy bladder and his desperate need to piss.

Still the call continued.

Thomas sat back on his chair bouncing like a school boy and pinching himself closed. In his office his own water fountain gurgled, his large window overlooked the huge swimming pool and outside he could hear rain pouring down on the roof. The whole world was conspiring to make his need so urgent he felt if h e didn’t end the call soon he would regret it.

He tried to close off.

Simone kept talking.

Thomas kept squeezing, pinching and rubbing.

Simone wanted a date to meet to discuss things in more detail.

Thomas wanted to piss like he had never wanted to piss in his life.

He didn’t care when they met. He didn’t care how many people worked for them or how many he could sign up for his gym. He just wanted to relax and piss an ocean and NOW.

Breathing heavily, sweating profusely and unable to sit or stand still Thomas suggested he pass the call back to his receptionist who could arrange a date.

Things were so urgent Thomas has slipped a hand inside his gym trousers and he held his anatomy for dear life. Every second was dragging in. He was going to piss wether he was in a toilet or not. He had held as long as he could.

Simone finally agreed to be passed back through and Thomas hung the cordless phone on its charger as he walked briskly to the door, one hand still down his trousers. He couldn’t leave his office in this state but if he let go he knew without a doubt he would shoot pee everywhere.

He held himself tightly and headed over to the water fountain where he grabbed a small plastic cup and using his spare hand he placed the cup down his trousers and boxers and allowed a small amount of piss to escape. He had to concentrate so hard not to let much out but it was harder than he expected as his sphincter struggled to close the flow. Thomas placed the cup on his office table terrified still of letting go of his tightly pinched penis. Now free from the phone he muttered to himself.

‘Oh my God. I have to fucking piss so bad.’

He hobbled to the door still holding himself.

‘On the count of three Thomas just let go and run. You can do this.’ He told himself.

So with his spare hand he opened the office door quickly pulling the other hand away from his underwear and waistband as he sprinted to the gents with urine dripping from his member. As he pushed the door open he made a beeline for the urinals pulling his elasticated joggers and boxers down as his penis strung up half erect from all his touching and urine filling it and piss cascaded out of it fast and loudly. With one hand Thomas guided his aim and with the other he leaned onto the wall, his body needing support with the effort and speed at which pee was rushing out of him.

It was only 11:30am and he wasn’t due to finish work until 8pm. With all of Robin’s clients to see too he could only hope he wouldn’t need to hold again this badly before the end of the day. After all he still had one and a half litres of water still to consume and he did promise the middle age cola drinker he always drank enough. This could be a repeated problem if he didn’t watch out,

*002*2019-07-23 23:49

{{4 minutes ago, wannawatch said:

Incredibly hot.. As always!

}}

Thank you.

*007*2019-07-25 08:26

February: the wedding photographer

Bethany had a eye for detail, a natural rapport with people and a desire to do her best at all times. She’d worked for Picture Perfect for a number of years starting at the bottom with the laborious school photos then newborn shoots and finally her favourite: wedding photography. Maybe it was the romantic in her, or her love of the natural outdoors or just the wider variety of shots she could take but wedding photography excited her like no other aspect of her job and thankfully her boss Steven noticed and would assign Bethany as many weddings as possible.

Bethany woke early Saturday morning excited about her day. Yes it would be long and cold at times but she had built quite a bond with the couple who were about to tie the knot and she was as excited for them as she was for herself. She’d met the bridesmaids, seen the set up of the hall, and even attended the rehearsal the night before so she knew exactly the best lighting for each shot. She was familiar with the old traditional church and the grounds and had discussed at length possible places for outside snaps despite the cold weather. As long as the predicted rain stayed away all should go well.

It was going to be an all day event and the couple were paying handsomely for photos of the entire day: from the bride and groom preparing, to the wedding cars arriving, the flowers, the ceremony, traditional family and guest line ups, the meal and throughout the evening reception. Bethany packed her bag for a long shift including water, a large variety of expensive camera regalia and snacks that would boost her energy throughout the day. Finally she filled a 1 litre flask with tea and headed out the door to the best man’s house where she planned to take some quick shots of the best man and groom before driving the mile to the bride’s house, where the couple already lived.

The best man answered the door expecting her though only wearing a pair of jeans and bare chested. It was only 9am and Bethany wondered if the men had slept much at all. She took some snaps of the hanging suits and some fun lighthearted snaps of the best man and groom messing about which she knew the couple probably would never purchase but would love seeing anyway. Sometimes, she reasoned, pictures were about capturing mischief as well as calm.

She was due at the brides house at 9:45 so she set off and arrived earlier than expected, the Saturday morning traffic much quieter than usual. She even had time for some tea before heading in to get some candid snaps of make up being done, the bride’s dress hanging up, hair being put up and perfect little bridesmaids being made pretty. The highlight for Bethany was photographing little Peter, the couple’s two year old as he walked downstairs in his navy suit with his favourite blanket tucked under his arm. Bethany caught him puzzled, then pensive, then excited, then laughing all by the time he had reached the bottom step. His curly blond hair and little features contrasting against the beige carpet and dark walls making every picture look magazine worthy and Bethany smiled at the toddlers natural charms and the fact she knew this set of pictures would take very little editing.

By the time she had completed the cars arriving, the mother of the bride, the mother of the groom and the flowers it was time for her to drive quickly to he church and set up the camera for the service. It was vital she arrived before the wedding party so despite the fact Bethany would have been more comfortable using the bathroom first she knew this wasn’t possible. There would be plenty time for breaks later when the main event was finished she reasoned.

Arriving at the picturesque old church Bethany shot a few quick pictures of the church against the overcast clouds which passed creating a romantic ambience she hoped to capture on camera. February was always risky weather wise for outdoor shots for anything but both herself and the couple had a plan B should the havens decide to open at the wrong time. A few keen guests were already waiting inside so Bethany took some unexpected photos of them as they mingled, sat looking at their phones or nervously waited for the wedding to start. As others arrived Bethany snapped from various angles on the aisle and from a distance doing a scan to make sure she hadn’t omitted anyone by mistake. When the groom and best man arrived she snapped a fantastic picture of them both at the church door as they paused naturally for a moment to take in the enormity of the day.

With the bride due soon Bethany set up her tripod and busied herself taking more photos of the interior of the church, it’s beautiful stained glass windows and ornate decorations and the minister dressed smartly in his robes. The couple had chosen perfectly, so she though, though she couldn’t help but notice there was no signs for where the bathrooms were. Despite the cold air outside the church was warm and with all the running around Bethany was hot so before the ceremony began she had half her bottle of water.

The ceremony went perfectly and Bethany captured hundreds of photos, many that she knew from experience would never make the cut. She reckoned only around 20% of the photos she took that day would ever be seen but it was a numbers game and the more you took the bigger the chance of getting some really amazing shots. By the time the one hour service was over Bethany was very aware that she could use a bathroom. Except now was her time!

While the couple walked down the aisle hand in hand Bethany was on her knees at the entrance capturing every emotion, every gesture and every moment. It didn’t matter that her body needed release, she had a job to do and she couldn’t disappear now of all times.

As extended family and guests said goodbye and headed for the hotel for lunch or to home Bethany set up her tripod around the side of the church where a mature well maintained garden would be the ideal backdrop for the formal photo shoot. The cold air shot through her and increased her need for a bathroom but as the couple had discussed previously Bethany was to aim to get the entire shoot over with in half an hour to 45 minutes as little Peter was tiring and cold and the young bridesmaids were bored.

Bethany started with single pics of the children, then some together, then some with their parents while the adults mingled. Twenty minutes in and she was having to cross her legs whenever possible and keep moving about. Now she took snaps of the couple themselves both with their young son and without, then with the best maid and best man and then with the bridesmaids and parents and finally with the full extended wedding party, which took over 40 shots alone to get everyone looking forward, smiling and standing right, by which time Bethany was very aware of her bladder.

She called it time and the wedding party headed for the hotel ready for lunch. Bethany was last to leave having to return into the church to retrieve other equipment, thankful to be alone so she could dance about more as her desperation increased. Now alone she looked harder and more carefully for any signs of a bathroom but still found none so she decided to drive as quickly as she could to the hotel where she was invited for lunch with the wedding and where she was sure she could rush to the ladies on arrival.

Finally having loaded her car with everything Bethany pulled out of the church wriggling on her seat as she did so. She was already later than planned and she had a twenty minute drive still to complete before she reached the hotel and a bathroom. That twenty minutes felt like forever and then she struggled to find a parking space when she did arrive. She longed to rush to the ladies as she opened her boot and grabbed her camera, tripod and accessories.

As she opened the hotel doors she was met by an anxious best man who came straight over to her to say the meals were ready to be served and they were holding off doing the toast for her to arrive. He held a glass of champagne in his hand and he took the tripod and bag from her, placing it down against the wall, as Bethany turned her camera on and loaded up just in time to capture the toast, her bladder pulsating at the image of everyone drinking fluids right in front of her. Her glass had been placed on a table by the best man and several eyes watched expectantly as Bethany knew she had to drink the champagne despite really needing the bathroom.

Bethany jumped as a gentle kind male voice interrupted her thoughts to say that the seat beside him was reserved for her and that his name was Danny. It was all she could mutter to say thanks as she set the tripod and camera to face the head of the table and took her seat, crossing her legs as she did so. As the waiters and waitresses brought the starters in Bethany scanned the room for any sign of where the bathrooms were knowing she couldn’t hold on much longer. Before she even finished a full plate of melon was placed in from of her and fresh orange poured into a glass. Bethany tightened her muscles and bounced her knee. She had to get to a loo before the full meal started but she felt so socially awkward leaving during a wedding meal, especially one where she was expected to take photos.

‘You look as awkward as I feel’ came that voice again and Bethany turned to see the man who had spoken earlier looking at her. She wasn’t sure wether to say what was wrong or not as she once again looked around the room hoping miraculously to now see a sign to the bathrooms, even though there had been none just minutes previously.

‘Yes. Sorry I am a bit distracted. My apologies.’

‘No problem. I know you have a job to do. I won’t disturb you.’

‘Thanks. .......Actually it’s not that....I was wondering....’

Bethany was hit by a sudden strong urge and had to fidget badly in her seat and wriggle rather obviously to avoid an accident.

Danny leaned towards Bethany and whispered, ‘Are you ok?’

Bethany leaned towards him, one hand between her tightly crossed legs under the table as she whispered back, ‘I really really need to go to the toilet’.

In whispered tones the conversation continued:

‘Do you think you can wait until after the meal? I can show you where they are as soon as we have eaten.’

‘I’m absolutely bursting!’

‘I can see that. Just try and wait a little bit longer. It’s not that polite to leave right now. I promise I’ll take you soon. They’re not far. I just don’t want to create a scene. But let me know if it’s super urgent.’

‘Oh....ok’

Bethany wanted to say it was super urgent NOW but something stopped her. Danny had an endearing smile, a comforting voice, and he knew where the ladies were. If she could just wait until he felt comfortable showing her she could get to release her swollen bloated bladder soon.

Except her bladder didn’t want to wait.

From the view from the table Bethany looked the epitome of calmness and beauty in her trouser suit and blouse but under the table out of sight her legs were rubbing, her knees bouncing and her urethra pounding. She couldn’t recall needing to pee so much before but she ate her starter and sipped some fresh orange as if all was well while Danny smiled and winked at her.

Five minutes later she leaned in to whisper again.

‘I don’t think I’ll last the full meal!’

‘Do your best! That’s all anyone asks. You’ll get to go soon. Promise.’

The starter was cleared away as people relaxed and chatted though Bethany felt anything but relaxed. She scissored her legs and shifted in her seat as another urge hit.

She leaned over to say to Danny.

‘I’m so desperate to pee. Could you show me where the ladies is now please.’

‘I would but the waitress is just heading over with the main course. Look! We can’t risk knocking into her. Once I’ve eaten I’ll show you. Honesty.’

Bethany sighed wondering if she ought to just rush to reception and ask them but as she was about to get up sure enough her main course was served, along with a large glass of water!

Throughout the meal Bethany struggled enormously, fidgeting restlessly and crossing her legs one way then the next, even edging to the corner of her seat to press down and rock as she tried to eat. While one hand used her fork the other massaged her crotch under the table as her whole body pushed to get release. Her head was spinning, her body sweating and her hands shaking. She could hardly eat though Danny seemed to be eating well and happy bedside her.

He wasn’t half way through his meal when Bethany whispered again.

‘I’m about to pee myself!’

‘Can I finish my meal first?’

‘Only if you don’t mind a huge puddle beside you! It’s an emergency now.’

As the pounding and tingling intensified yet again Bethany stood up, bent forward and rushed out the door one hand pushing between her legs as she reached the main foyer, drops of urine leaking into her knickers. Looking quickly around she saw signs to the toilets around the corner and ran with her crotch held tightly. She couldn’t wait for some stranger to finish his meal and direct her. She was frantic!

What Bethany didn’t expect was that the hotel had more than one event on with it being Valentine’s weekend and she unexpectedly met with a small queue of ladies waiting!

Knowing she was already leaking now Bethany hobbled back out and ran into the baby change next door silently pleading it to have a toilet! It didn’t so she backed out of it again marching on the spot with one hand holding herself tightly. She pushed open the ladies again but there was absolutely no way she could wait for three others in front of her with just three cubicles so she pushed open the disabled bathroom and was delighted to find it was not only free but clean and large. Without even wasting a second to lock the door she pulled her smart trousers and underwear down and hovered over the toilet as warm pee gushed from her steadily. Bethany hates using public toilets but sometimes emergencies happened and this was one such time.

She just hoped that she hadn’t missed any photo opportunities and that the bride and groom would understand her social faux pas of leaving during their special meal.

She finished and washed up and sneaked back onto the hall and returned to her seat as Danny, who had now completed his meal leaned over and whispered, ‘you less distracted now?’

‘Definitely. That was extreme. At least I never missed the sweet or the speeches though eh!’

*013*2019-07-26 22:54

{{1 hour ago, Marco said:

@Mbgpeelover

, You really are a writer!

}}

Awww thank you. This is by far my favourite stuff to write but in ‘real life’ I am a writer by trade.

*017*2019-07-30 13:10

March: the telecom engineer

Jonathan was recently divorced, a bit overweight and going through a difficult time but work was providing the time to think and reflect that he so urgently needed. Jonathan thrived as a lone worker. Things needed done his way or not at all and he had a very low tolerance for time wasters. He was also socially awkward and very shy and never happier than when his head was stuck in a green telephone exchange at the end of a quiet street with wires and electronics for company. He’d worked in the telecom industry long enough to see many changes; pay changes, conditions changing and way too many company name changes; yet still customers were faced with just the simple choice of overhead wires or cables under the ground. He did the overhead wires while the rival company did the underground ones.

He’d connected remote cottages, fixed complex cabling issues at huge offices and brought broadband to thousands of customers. He could re-route lines, knew where every town in his area had their main exchange and he stayed until the job was done. more often than any of his colleagues. Unlike many of his younger colleagues he took great pride in making sure every line had the quickest line speed possible and he tested, his own way, to make sure.

While he didn’t have a whole lot of ‘buddies’ he was well respected by his colleagues and bosses. Still, in his late forties, he preferred to use older equipment than newer stuff and he stuck dogmatically to the fact he never worked weekends. He also preferred knowing what his day entailed before leaving but the current system of ‘display and dispatch’ meant he had to declare his availability and the company would dispatch him to any job anywhere in the area as if he was a taxi not an engineer. If he had been more outspoken he would have told the company what he thought of this most recent change. Instead he just shut up and worked as he always did.

Jonathan woke up alone, had a large mug of coffee and read the paper and then signed in as available. Immediately he was assigned a street where six properties had contacted their suppliers to say they had no phone of internet at all and he was sent to sort it out. As he set off for the 30 minute drive he poured the rest of his coffee percolator into a flask and headed to work. On arrival at the street he parked up, had some more coffee and signed in to say he was ‘on the job’ as he caught up with all the house numbers and detailed reports online via his phone while he finished his coffee.

Before he got out his van he had already deduced that something had happened to the street box since all six neighbours had woke to no dealing tone and no internet. He was determined to source and fix the problem. He just hoped the storm that had ravished during the night had passed so he wouldn’t get soaked in torrential rain. He put his flask away and opened the green box to check if there was a line coming in. That, at least, appeared to be fine though not as high a current as he had expected. A quick look along the street of 1940’s houses told him the chances were the wiring in the street would be as old as the houses in some places. His company was not known for proactively replacing cabling and they tended to go on the opinion of ‘if its working leave it be.’

Next was to earmark which of all the lines in the box belonged to which property and by now the coffee wasn’t just keeping Jonathan alert, it was also filling his bladder. At some point he would need to visit the main exchange so he would just run into a supermarket then for the loo. Right now though he had too much else to think about.

It was easy to spot all six lines as every single one had no signal and indeed the entire side of the street was affected, with the unaffected other properties getting their supply via the underground rival cable company. This was a serious fault. After another half an hour with his head in the box Jonathan realised that the storm the night before had resulted in lightning striking the box and frazzling a main wire. His job was now to locate that wire and fix it.

With his concentration 100% on the job Jonathan traced the wires of all six houses to a nearby park so he set off to test each wire at that point to deduce where the fault was. He had left his van on the street but taken with him his large bag and at the park he found the telegraph pole, checked it was within its safety check times then he climbed it with a line tester in his hand. He quickly discovered that the power to the pole was fine but there was no power from the pole to the box in the street and that the power he had tested in the box was that coming from the opposite side of the street only, hence it’s lower current.

Jonathan climbed down the pole and walked back to his van. It was almost 11am and he had been on the job two hours and already discovered the root of the problem. He also, rather inconveniently, had a very full bladder but there was little he could do to fix that particular problem. He’d need to wait for lunch now for that. Jonathan climbed back into his van and updated his job on the operation portal as ‘fault located. Job in progress’ so that customers could be kept informed.

His next step was to find out if the entire cable needed replaced from the telegraph pole to the box or just part of it. While to Jonathan’s mind the best solution (and easiest) would be to replace the entire strength of cable, company policy stated all repairs must be of minimum cost, minimum length of cable and the least intrusive to customers. There was a real air of distrust having crept into the company as fraud investigators had unearthed some very unethical staff members who had been charging customers directly for things and pocketing the money. The implications of this ran deep and meant that even Jonathan’s van was now tracked so gone were the days when he could just drive to a supermarket or shopping centre for a loo break mid shift like ‘the good old days’. Nowadays the company clearly wanted robotic engineers who had no need to eat, take breaks or urinate!

Jonathan climbed out his van and opened the green box again and isolated the one side of the street. He then located the line from the pole and tested it at the box to find it had no signal at the box either. This meant there was no point in tracing where it needed replaced as he could justify replacing the entire length since both ends had no connection. His van had the right cabling but he wasn’t sure he had enough so he walked from the box to the pole following the line of the telephone line as best he could to measure its length, very aware of his ever increasing pressure in his bladder. He stopped as the wire ran through a garden and out of necessity he rang their bell to ask permission to walk through their property. Aware this property was one affected by the issue he was sure they would be helpful but as he stood waiting for an answer all Jonathan could think about was the fact he ought not to have drank so much coffee earlier!

Having gained permission to walk through their garden (if only they had given him permission to use their bathroom too he wished!) he walked through the garden and estimated the length of wire needed. He returned to his van and climbed in the back quite distracted with his full bladder and having to give himself a brief squeeze in the privacy of his vehicle. By now it was almost mid day so after he noted he had sufficient length of cabling he logged into the portal again on his phone to request a lunch break. Food wasn’t his main concern but finding a bathroom was and Jonathan hated the fact the couldn’t just drive his van to one without having to get permission first. He felt like he was back at school which angered him.

He got into the drivers seat eagerly waiting a response from the portal while bouncing his legs. He knew the area and he knew there was a supermarket minutes away if only he could get permission to drive there and piss.

He waited.

And waited.

By now having to rub himself a fair bit.

Driving the van away from the street with the tracking device could trigger a sacking offence and his life was a mess enough without that right now.

Finally ten minutes later Jonathan’s phone rang. It was one of his bosses.

Ten minutes later and Jonathan was even more angry, annoyed and bursting! One of the customers in the street had called in (on their mobile) complaining bitterly that the engineer was sitting in their van ‘doing nothing’ while they urgently needed their line fixed. There was no way the company could appear to allow an engineer to ‘shop in work time’ given the formal complaint so Jonathan was made to verbally update his boss on the job and then he was told to ‘just replace that whole cable, check all six properties personally then finish up.’ The call ended with an apology and Jonathan wanted to say he really wanted, actually NEEDED, to use a bathroom but he knew it wouldn’t have changed anything anyway.

With a heavy heart and a bursting bladder Jonathan climbed back out his van and walked back to the park with his bag and the long length of cable. Climbing a telegraph pole desperate to pee would never rank as Jonathan’s favourite jobs ever but wrapping his legs tightly around the pole at the top and pressing against it as he secured the new cable did offer a little relief at least. He tossed the cable into the garden in the street and climbed back down. Walking back to the street he wished the park had been quieter so he could have had a discreet pee again the bushes. The job had a good few hours left and he doubted he could hold off another half an hour let alone until the job was done! Anger and frustration built up with the added adrenaline at least keeping his mind off his hard bladder longing for release.

Back in the street he placed his bag in the van and jogged down the garden to find his cable, bending to get it whilst giving his penis a squeeze. He longed to just pull it out and pee on the grass but knew that couldn’t happen. He unwound enough cable and left it lying as he reached the wall of the house. He ran back to his van having to keep moving to prevent himself pissing himself. He slid the ladders from the roof of his van and set them against the wall of the house. Before climbing Jonathan bounced around a bit then gave himself another pinch before somehow managing to climb the ladder and secure the cable. He moved the ladder along a few metres and repeated that again, moaning as his bladder screamed for release.

Finally he allowed the cable to fall at the end of the wall and he loosely secured it both to the side of the wall and under a fence and hedge until it finally connected with the green box. Dancing rather unceremoniously Jonathan was impressed he even managed to connect the cable in the box at all such was his need to release his bladder! But he did it and after a quick test he could see that initial findings were that all six lines should be back working again.

Surely, Jonathan thought, I should be allowed a break now and I can return to check each house after I get to pee. He climbed back into the drivers seat of his van, this time gripping himself tightly and learning forward as he signed back into the portal to update again, sweating at the effort to hold back his bladder.

Again he had to wait for permission to drive or even run to the supermarket except this time the wait was even more urgent. He could feel the pressure on his urethra, his testicles tingled and his back hurt. His penis throbbed with the pressure from his fingers and thumb squeezing it and from an absolute urgent desire to pee. Alone in the van Jonathan moaned with the effort and swore between gritted teeth.

‘For fuck’s sake I have to God damn piss!’

He typed in ‘line replaced. Connections now working. Request for break before checking speeds please.’ Each letter seemed to move as he typed as his head spun and could think of nothing more than releasing his bladder. As Jonathan waited on permission he sat upright with his muscles taught and his hand tight around his dick.

His hand sweat as he waited for the phone to beep to allow him permission to drive away.

Silence.

‘Fuck man! This is bloody ridiculous. I have to piss so bad!’

Jonathan checked the portal but again there was no reply.

A strong wave hit and Jonathan leaned over the steering wheel as he pushed his bottom back into the seat. Something had escaped! He was nearing his absolute limit now!

He checked the phone but when he saw no more reply he climbed out the drivers seat and knelt down by the side of the van bouncing on his knees. He felt another wave and shaking from both the need to piss so badly and the terrifying thought of being watched he rested his head on the van on top of the front drivers wheel and undid his fly. He knew he risked his job but he also knew he would be working in soaking wet trousers if he didn’t do something drastic. It was starting to rain now so he hoped no-one would notice as he pulled his shaking penis out and let another big spurt shoot out onto the van wheel.

Too scared to let any more out he pushed his member back inside biting down on his lip and zipped up. He had so much more to release but no suitable place to do so. Jonathan held himself through his work trousers tightly as he heard his work phone beep. He swore as he read ‘speeds to be tested then half hour break approved.’

‘You have to be joking? How the fuck do I do that without pissing myself?’

Jonathan had never wanted to quit and slap his bosses as much as he did then.

Then he remembered that the owner of house with the main wire in the garden had been home and maybe, just maybe, he could muster the courage to ask to use their bathroom?

He hobbled to their door dancing as he waited for the bell to ring. The same male as before answered and allowed him in. He was shown the master socket and Jonathan apologised and set up his line tester whilst squirming as discretely as possible. An awkward silence was broken by the noise of Jonathan rubbing his trousers as quietly as he could.

‘Been a long job to fix mate?’

‘Yes and no. Finding the fault was quick but rectifying it took longer.’ In muttered quieter tones Jonathan whispered ‘if only I could rectify my own problem.’ Jonathan moaned softly again as another wave hit and his rubbing got instinctively harder and faster.

‘Everything ok mate?’

‘Sorry. No mate. Your line speed seems great but would you mind if I used your bathroom? I’m absolutely bursting for a piss mate.’

‘Oh. Oh. Of course you can. It’s just under the stairs.’

Jonathan stood up his face read, his hand tight between his legs and his heart racing. As he stood another spurt leaked and a noticeable wet area appeared on Jonathan’s crotch. Jonathan bent forward and headed quickly for ten stairs but before he could open the toilet door a loud hissing noise indicated to both the customer and Jonathan that it was too late. Embarrassed and mortified Jonathan froze as his entire bladder emptied eight in front of a customer in their home.

After an awkward silence the customer quietly asked if Jonathan had wanted to go earlier when he asked permission to walk through the garden.

Jonathan muttered back shyly ‘Yes I did.’

‘Oh God you must have been absolutely bursting holding that long! You should have asked the first time. I was pissed off at no phone or internet but hey your a human not a robot. We all have to piss after all.’

‘If only my employer realised that’ Jonathan thought.

‘If only...’

*023*2019-07-31 22:01

April: The Fairground Operator

Chloe was a traveller and always had been. Born the third child of five and having been to more schools during her life than most people could even name, she had ‘graduated’ just four years ago at 20 to get her own caravan. By her age her own mum had already had three kids so it was quite an adjustment for her family to have an older daughter who was still childless and unmarried (and attracted to girls but they didn’t know that yet!) It had it’s advantages though when there were long hours of work to do setting up the fairground, safety checking everything and running the show. Chloe had been doing this for 24 years going from place to place to make as much money as possible.

She’d worked everything from the Big Wheel, the dodgems, the spinning teacups, the flying pigs, the merry go-rounds, the roller coasters and the boat swings. She had completed every safety course, drove the large vehicles and fixed faults as good as anyone else could. The fairground life was in her blood.

It had been a long journey from Kent in England to Blackpool where they had been set up for a week in a large city centre to mark a town turning 100 years old. It had been a worthwhile week but Chloe was tired before they even arrived and glad to have a good nights sleep in her own caravan on site before set up the next day. Despite the unseasonal warm weather Chloe had slept well in her single bedroom caravan and she sat with the door open as she drank her mug of tea.

It was just before 8am and the fair was due to open to the public in four hours time. It was going to be another crazy busy day. Chloe could already hear vehicles being unfastened, equipment being set up and family chatter. Her caravan had a very basic chemical toilet and water had to be pre stored with electricity coming from on site generators. It was a basic existence but all Chloe had ever known so she warmed some water on the electric rings and had a quick wash whilst eating some biscuits and drinking a bottle of juice then she locked up her little camper van and headed out to help with set up.

Two hours later and things were on schedule when Chloe popped back to her van for some crisps and more water. It was turning into a lovely day, ideal for the fair near the beach and with the schools off for spring break Chloe was hoping to make good money. First though everything needed set up and just as Chloe was about to use her own toilet one of her brothers opened her van and started talking to her. Privacy wasn’t something her family practiced much having all lived in each other’s pockets all their lives so Chloe closed the tiny toilet door and spoke to her brother, hoping he would leave so she could wee.

Instead he was bringing today’s schedule of who was where and giving Chloe her float, money apron, radio and keys. Chloe was less than impressed to see she was on the flying pigs but at least it was better than the basic merry go round. She far preferred the busy roller coaster or dodgems but in fairness she had just had a week on the prestigious roller coaster in Kent so it was her turn to do the less attractive, more run of the mill rides this time. Her brother seemed to be buoyant and chatty and before she even realised it they were both called out to help with final opening preparations as safety checks.

As the fair officially opened at midday Chloe suddenly realised she hadn’t managed to use the bathroom since she had woken at 7:30! She’d been too busy and the one earlier opportunity she had had been prevented by her brother. Just thinking about it made her feel quite a need to go so she immediately decided to not think about it as a group of children excitedly paid for their first ride on the flying pigs. Chloe loaded two at a time in the metal painted pigs and strapped them in safely. Considering they had just opened Chloe was delighted that almost every pig had a paying customer as she started the music and the pigs rose and turned going up and down in the air as children pushed buttons in front of them with the familiar tune playing away. Four minutes later she was helping the happy children off as more waited to board.

The midday heat was lovely, but dehydrating, and Chloe was grateful for a stock of cold cans of juice in her booth. As the pigs went round for the fourth time she drank half a can of cold cola before the music stopped and more children needed helped off. By the next round of customers the cola was finished.

By 1pm the fair was a hive of activity and Chloe’s bladder was a hive of need too! She glanced around to see if any others were around to give her a break but there were so many crowds Chloe had no way of finding someone and every ride filled up with a queue still formed. Chloe switched the key to set the 8 pigs off on their ride as she stood in her windowed bothy moving from foot to foot. She had no choice but to keep on holding her bladder as the ride continued to fill time and time again. She only had on her denim shorts and a vest top with her money apron on top but still she was sweating in the open air on a warm April near the sea front. But despite really needing to find a bathroom and being hot she still couldn’t think of anywhere else she would rather be with the buzz of activity and the thrill of the fair.

By 1:30 things were still crowded and Chloe was taking money with one leg bent behind her, or moving from foot to foot, or crossing her legs. Standing still wasn’t really an option as she periodically rubbed her bladder or wrapped her arms around her abdomen. Her need to pee was steady and constant and very distracting. Her only hope of a break was finding one of her huge family to cover her ride for a few minutes so she could either run to the nearest loos in a nearby arcade or use her own tiny toilet in her camper van. Either appealed greatly to her but she just couldn’t get away from her ride without someone else there.

Ten minutes later and her dancing and moving continued non stop. Annoyingly her continuous leg movements and body twisting was making her sweat more and she had little choice but to drink some water in her booth despite her body being unable to eliminate what it already had stored as waste. The last thing her bladder needed was more fluid but her heart, skin, brain and head still needed relief from the heat. Chloe sipped at the water often, hoping little sips would be better than downing it quickly. Even drinking she had to bounce on the soles of her feet and lean forward as her body struggled to remain in control.

Chloe closed her eyes for a short moment imagining he relief of being able to finally pee. In the confines of her tiny booth she regretted her thoughts right away as she had to give herself a quick hold with her hand as a few drops leaked into her panties. She was bursting but just then the ride finished again and she had to help the children and parents out of the pigs, take more money from customers then make sure everyone else was safely in before starting all over again. All the while Chloe’s bare long legs were moving continuously in a very obvious pee dance in public.

Chloe couldn’t hide her excitement when she spotted her cousin Abe heading towards her. The weight of loose change in her apron pocket was really pushing on her bladder and she ached to take her apron off and run and find a loo. As she waved frantically to him he smiled and headed up the steps to her pushing through the queue of excited people waiting to ride on the flying pigs.

Chloe couldn’t stand still as she took a step back with one foot then forward with the other then bounced on her heels then bent a leg behind her, her flat pumps hitting the fence behind her.

‘Abe you couldn’t cover me for five could you...please?’

‘Chlo I’m only here to get money from you. It’s so crazy today dad’s worried about how much we are carrying so he’s sent me to take the big notes from you to secure. But if you really need a break I can come back once I’m finished. I’ve got two more rides then I need to secure the cash then I can return. You ok?

Chloe couldn’t hide her desperation but at the same time she hated admitting it. She held onto the railing behind her and crossed her legs and bend forward.

‘I just...I just really have to pee. I’d be back in five minutes Abe. Promise.’

As if to showcase her need even more Chloe slipped a hand to the crotch of her shorts and squeezed herself tightly.

‘Understood. I’ll go as quick as I can!’

That wasn’t what Chloe hoped would happen as the ride ended once again and once again she had to race around and help customers off the ride, take more money and help more board again. She had handed Abe a pile of big notes but the huge amount of coins in her apron pocket weighed so heavily on her bladder she was sure it would burst. She just had to try and hold off until her cousin returned and she prayed it would be soon!

Chloe was so focussed on holding that at one point as she held the railing behind her and marched on the spot she was shocked to hear a lady at the head of the queue asking discreetly if she was ok. Her hands were sweating and the hairs in the back of her neck were standing up as her whole body screamed to let her pee. What had begun as subtle moves were now a very very obvious pee dance and customers were clearly noticing.

Chloe bit her lip and rubbed her hands down her thighs.

‘You look like you really need the loo there. You ok?’

‘Yeah. Actually no. I really do need the toilet and so badly. I have been bursting for hours but should get a break in ten minutes. It just feels like ages away right now.’

Chloe hadn’t realised others could hear her and her statement clearly had an impact on others. A young boy looked up at his dad and suddenly announced he needed to pee too as did the little girl at the head of the queue with the woman who had just spoken to Chloe. Even the dad of the young boy replied to his son that he was desperate too and as soon as they had been on the pigs they would find the toilets. Suddenly Chloe felt far less alone and embarrassed as she danced very obviously on the short walk way to the ride where people climbed on and off.

Just then the ride finished again and Chloe helped everyone off before helping the ones at the head of the queue on and taking payment, her desperation so extreme she openly held herself as she helped customers on. As she secured the dad and son in she couldn’t help but notice they were both holding themselves too, though hidden from everyone else by the huge plastic pig they were sitting in.

Chloe started the ride and stood leaning on the railing resuming her desperate pacing and moving as she looked for her cousin to return. She could see him in the distance heading towards her ride and the anticipation of finally being able to pee soon caused another leak into her knickers. It was now after 2pm and she hadn’t had a wee since she woke up and she was beyond bursting now. As Abe got closer Chloe did something she knew she should never do but this was a dire emergency now: She left the ride moving as she ran down from the booth and platform taking her apron off as she went she threw it at Abe as she passed him shouting back a quick ‘sorry can’t wait another second. Got to run!’

She wasn’t a metre or so away when she heard the ride end and she knew everyone would have to wait a little bit for her cousin to get there and help them down. She briefly remembered the boy and girl and the dad who all wanted to find a bathroom too but right now her need was critical and even as she ran she could feel the pressure between her legs and the fierce and relentless throbbing that signalled she was about to piss herself any minute. Not knowing exactly where the toilets in the arcade place where, being as she had not been at this location before, she opted for her own tiny caravan and as she got nearer she had one hand permanently between her legs as she felt her crotch warm and damp. She turned the handle of her caravan door only then to suddenly remember she had left her keys back in the bothy of her ride!

With urine slowly seeping into her pants she walked behind her van between all the vehicles used by her family to transport the fair and crouched down in the open pulling her shorts and underwear down right as her bladder gave way and a long hiss signalled her body finally getting the release it had so needed for hours.

The puddle beneath her grew so big her pumps were splashing in it but Chloe just couldn’t stop. She had so much to release and nothing could stop her from letting go now. She sighed loudly not caring if anyone could hear and splashed her feet deliberately in her own home made puddle excitedly, the thrill of open air peeing and the rush of adrenaline from finally letting go combining in a feeling of ecstasy and pleasure she hadn’t experienced in a long time.

She walked back to her ride in a dream as if floating on air. She couldn’t help but wonder if her customes experienced this same thrill when they finally got to go too. She couldn’t wait to get her apron back on, get back to work and have a long drink of cold water to cool down from the heat and excitement.

