Surprise date 2

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-01-13 22:26

It wasn’t really a date, it was more a weekend trip.

A young couple, both over 18, went for a weekend to a swimming lake.

They knew each other since a few weeks and it should be their first time together in one hotel room and in one bed.

They started their trip early in the morning and had a fast breakfast at a service station on the motorway.

The boy went to the toilet before leaving, the girl not.

About one hour later she was needing to wee, but she didn’t say anything, she suppressed her urge, because it was her fault, she should have gone at breakfast.

Her urge was getting stronger and stronger, she realized that it would have been impossible for her to wait for more than 2 hours longer until they would arrive at the hotel.

”I am sorry, but can we please stop at the next service station, i need to the toilet.

I thought i can last until we are there, but i can’t endure for so long, it’s already very urgent.” said the girl bashful.

”Sure we can, we’ll take the next opportunity , we won’t let your bladder suffer any longer .”said the guy and stopped at the next possibility.

It was an old petrol station where the toilets were outside. The guy stopped in front of the little building and the girl went out.

She walked with rubbing knees to the door and wanted to open it, but she couldn’t.

She thought that someone would be inside and was waiting with crossed legs and bending over outside the door.

”Oh my god, is she hot and sexy when she is needing to wee so bad.” thought the boy to himself.

The poor girl was still standing with tight crossed legs, as she tried to open the door again.

The man from the petrol station saws that and said “i am sorry, but the toilet is not to use, we have a tubing blockage.

The poor girl had to go back in the car with her very full bladder and had to suppress her strong urge further.

”I am very sorry for you, we will try to go as fast as possible to the next station.” said the boy, but in reality he was no more sorry, he was turned on very much about this situation.

To see his girlfriend suffer, to see her squirm, to see her push her hands between her thighs was very arousing for him.

Until now he didn’t know how much a girl desperate to wee can be able to make him horny.

He didn’t know how much more sexy a girl can get when she is full to burst with urine and when she is needing to wee really bad.

It was new for him and he couldn’t get enough of it.

The more the girl was getting desperate, the more horny got the boy.

There was not any petrol station on the way to the hotel, they had to leave the motorway to get to one and the guy didn’t really want that, he wanted much more to watch his girl hold her wee and to see her fight against her need.

Her bladder should stay full and it should get even more full and he wanted to stay horny and therefore he said “ is it really necessary to leave the motorway or can you endure it until we are there? It will not even take a half an hour.”

”I am needing to go since hours, it would be very urgently, but i try to hold it back for so long.” answered the girl, pressed both hands between her thighs and crossed her legs over it.

The traffic became very slow and it lasted nearly one hour until they arrived at the hotel.

The girl was standing with tight crossed legs during they were waiting for the room key.

In front of hotel room she could not even stand upright anymore .

“ Hurry up, open the door before i doing it in my panties.” she said.

As soon as they were inside she wanted to the bathroom, but he stopped her, he didn’t let her go.

”Let me in, i need to wee so bad, i wet my panties if you don’t let me go.” she was begging.

”I know that you need to wee very bad, but you can’t imagine how hot and how sexy you are when you are so desperate.

You made me so horny, you turned me on so much, i can’t wait, let us do it before you wee.” said the boy, did take her to the bed, started to strip her and fucked her.

They had a fantastic sex, they agreed, the best ever.

“That was so painful and so great in the same way.” said the girl and went with crossed legs and one hand between her thighs to the bathroom.

It was for both a surprise, the girl didn’t know that sex with a bursting full bladder can be so great and fantastic and the boy didn’t know that a desperate girl with a bursting full bladder can make him more horny than anything else.

