The Company retreat

Author: Markj9494

*022*2021-11-25 12:25

{{On 11/24/2021 at 3:52 AM, omocbc said:

Great story, I love these "peeing into other bladders" fics.

One scenario that I have always imagined that could happen in a story like this is:

The girl getting filled is so desperate and full that she just can't take it anymore, and while the other girl is peeing into her, she loses control, reverting the flow, making the girl that was seeking relief to get even more desperate, maybe they end up needing to find a 3rd person?

}}

Thank you, yes I almost thought about putting something like that in this story. Its an extra niche, but there have been a couple of stories on here where I think it involves that. I may even have done it in the past? but I dont know for certain.

{{On 11/24/2021 at 6:41 AM, IllusiveOne said:

This was a delightful story (if this was the last chapter of course) and I really look forward to such fantastic depictions of extreme desperation. I haven't enjoyed a story so much in a while!

}}

Thank you, that means a lot. Its the last one for now but I have some ideas for 3 - 4 more chapters.

{{13 hours ago, Foxlover said:

Please don’t abandon this story (Though I’d echo SpaceWonderer’s sentiments if you did ultimately decide to switch to a continuation/sequel of a story you’ve already written hehehe)

}}

This was as far as I planned to go originally but I had some ideas while writing so it will probably get a couple more chapters.

{{On 11/24/2021 at 1:42 AM, SpaceWonderer said:

I'm looking forward to reading this chapter in the next few days and really hope it will get continues, it would be a shame to leave such a brilliant story (based on the first 3 chapters I read) unfinished.

About your question, I feel like some of your stories (like The weakest link) came to the solid end and sequel would look like a bit of a recycling/repeating... though I thoroughly enjoyed The customer comes first and thought about something like an old fashioned hotel where building isn't equipped with plumbing, and to provide excellent service, guests are offered to relieve themselves into maids, while maids may not always get a chance to relieve themselves in detached portable toilets away from the main building by many reasons... one event could cause them truly stretch their bladders to the limits, storing many liters of liquid inside. Lola could find a new job in the hotel industry.

}}

Thank you, glad you liked the first chapters enough to say that without even reading the latest one! I worried people might have been frustrated with the slow build up so its nice to know people enjoyed it.

Definitely agree, most of my stories are kind of planned out with a set plot line which can make it hard to create a sequel that makes sense, at least without rehashing the same storyline. I like your idea about Lola maybe working somewhere else, especially with the hospitality industry. I quite often throw in characters from other stories into new ones if they make sense. I like to think most of my stories are set in the same "universe" and some may even be happening at the same time. For example, I don't know how obvious it was but the Lena in this story, at least in my head, was the Lena from the last chapter of Holders of Iron house but some years later. I find it weirdly fun trying to get cross overs in some way. I almost put Melody from the Customers Come First into this story as the person who suggests using the devices, given her previous experiences, but decided against it at the last minute.

