The Company retreat

Author: Markj9494

*010*2021-11-16 15:01

Chapter 3: Snowfall

Four hours later the binder was now laying on the seat next to her, the labelling unfinished, Demi struggling to concentrate on anything but the increasing pressure in her bladder as the bus started the climb through the mountains. The confidence that she had felt when they left the services had been steadily eroding with each hour that passed. Her bladder filling and her discomfort increasing more than anticipated, but still less than she had feared. Even so she was beginning to worry about making it if there was any sort of delay, her little game had gone on far enough.

Feeling another wave of desperation she raised her heels pressing her toes into the vibrating metal beneath her and clenching her thighs tightly around each other as they rhythmically bobbed on the spot. The throbbing dull ache in her abdomen causing her some trouble, but checking her phone she was relieved to see they were almost there. She had asked for the name and put it into her phone an hour ago, but not only for herself.

Once again she was aware of the desperate antics of her colleagues, the coffee seemingly enough to cause a number of them some serious issues. The general chit chat stopping and replaced with semi-urgent sighs and noises. Everyone with the exception of India seemed to be sitting with their legs crossed, most trying to read something but their unmoving eyes telling Demi they were too distracted or concentrating on something else. A fact that made watching them and stealing glances a lot easier, although she couldn't help but feel guilty for finding some enjoyment from their discomfort.

India for her part had her legs squeezed together, a hand firmly resting in her crotch, a faint hue of sweat gathering on her hairline as her brow furrowed occasionally as she flinched in her seat. The woman was clearly feeling her full bladder, although she was probably in a tie for the number of strange noises with Sally. Sat a couple of rows ahead the brunettes’ legs seemed to be double crossed, bounding up and down even quicker than her own as they drove. Her rigid posture and closed eyes a clear sign of the short woman's discomfort. Demi wondered how she could survive if the small coffee they had all gotten was enough to cause this level of discomfort in just a few hours, not that she could blame her for it.

Feeling the bus hit a large pothole Demi winced as she looked around the bus, her left hand pushing into her crotch. India seemingly feeling the impact severely since she was sat above the wheel arch, her eyes shooting open and her torso quivering as she moaned out loud. A similar groan escaping from many of the others, the loudest squeak unsurprisingly coming from Sally near the front.

I wonder if she is still dry... Demi thought for a second before shaking her head, trying to remove the lude thoughts from her mind. Why was she like this she thought, they were her colleagues and she had never even considered thinking anything like this in the past. The days events and build up from the week in expectation of her own private games clearly warping her mind as she remained unsatisfied.

“Sorry about that” Lena said, herself sounding unphased.

“Are we almost there?” Sally said quietly, her legs wrapping themselves around each other even tighter.

“Yes, I think its just up this road here” Lena responded, turning sharply and causing another chorus of groans to fill the bus as the contents of the women’s bladders sloshed around inside them.

Gripping herself tightly Demi was amazed at her own abilities to hold, checking out the other women all looking far more desperate but all having pee’d several times since she had. It was only then that she realised what she had done, checking her watch it had been almost 20 hours since her last bathroom visit. She had held it this morning to maximise her fun, but now as she squirmed in her seat it had been almost an entire day. 20 hours! She thought to herself, she really had outdone herself, all goals and expectations surpassed and by some margin. What was her bladder capable of?

“We are here” Lena said as the bus slowed to a holt in front of the ski lodge, several sighs of relief sounding around the bus.

“Oh thank god” Sally said in a repeat of their earlier and single break in the last 9 hours.

Despite her self praise Demi could definitely use a bathroom right about now. The game she had played was pushing her body quite far and despite surviving at least 8 hours longer than she had planned, the discomfort she was feeling was outweighing any fun she may have been planning. The heavy weight of pee sitting inside her felt like a bowling ball, pressing down on her muscles as she tried to control them in front of her colleagues and boss. Her clothes pushed outwards several centimetres by her bloated organ.

Stepping off the bus Demi was surprised at the warmth she felt, the mornings snow still piled up at the side of the car park, but it was no where near freezing. Grabbing her bag she noticed Sally almost dragging her bag ahead of her, unable to stand upright without loosing control of her bladder. The petite 5 foot woman clearly in serious trouble, but thankfully it seemed they had arrived.

“Hold up guys, I need you to take this stuff to the meeting room!” Lena shouted behind them.

“I just need to visit the ladies!” Sally squeaked back again without stopping, but their boss was seemingly not in a kind mood.

“We cant just leave the clients goods in the bus, it will be much faster if you all just grab a box each and carry them over”

Turning around Demi could tell that it wasn’t a suggestion, Jessie rolling her eyes at her as she too joined in. Each of the women grabbing a box of supplies and uncomfortably heaving them into the air as their bladders strained. Despite the shorter time between bathroom trips, it seemed the coffee had worked her colleagues’ bladders overtime and they were suffering from their bosses generosity. In fact, Lena seemed to be the only one that didn’t seem to need a bathroom break.

“Right you guys take those over” Lena said indicating to a small lodge building to the side of the main hotel. “Code is 2222. I will go and sign us in and join you shortly.”

A loud scraping noise interrupted them as they looked over to see Sally hastily dragging a small plastic box behind her as she hurried towards the lodge with her legs pressed awkwardly together.

“Sally!” Lena called after her.

“Im sorry, I just really need to use the bathroom” She curtsied slightly in discomfort.

“What if the clients are already here and saw you doing that with the supplies they had given us?”

“I…im sorry, please I just….” Sally pleaded

“Well, if you did things properly then you might have been done already and I wouldn’t have had to interrupt you.” Their boss chastised her before shaking her had and dismissing Sally who with a loud groan and bowing legs picked up the plastic container. Now shambling slowly towards the door of the lodge.

“Put them all in the meeting room please” Lena finished as she left them too it.

Punching in the code Jessie swung the door open for the others, sally resorting to dragging the container again now their boss was out of sight.

“I am literally going to pee my pants!” She admitted as they moved the crates into the fancy meeting room. The one story wood lodge extremely modern looking from the inside, even containing half a kitchen and full bar.

“I am about 2 minutes behind you” Becca said, before leaning over and whispering “Im not even sure my underwear is still dry after the pothole.” Giggling slightly despite the seriousness of her predicament.

Only India and Jessie seemed to be largely un effected by the lack of toilets, the red head clearly feeling better now she was out of the bus and walking around. Now that the toilets were so close it seemed that even for Demi the anxiousness of not knowing when she could pee had abated her need somewhat.

“Where do we put these?” Jessie asked as they gathered in the room, many of them squirming subtly in place and trying to play it off as trying to get warm.

“I don’t care, lets just put them here.” Sally said, letting go of the box inside the conference looking room near the centre. Shrugging the others joined in, placing or in some cases slinging the containers on or under the large glass table.

“Ok, I cant hold this any longer. Someone point me towards the toilet or im going out and peeing in the snow” Sally continued, her short legs bounding together as she looked around.

“I cant see any?” Becca replied as they looked around and Demi could see they were right, it seemed this lodge didn’t go as far as any plumbing, even the kitchen didn’t have any conventional taps or sinks, just a large emersion heater tank.

“They have got to have one in the lobby” Demi suggested, the group starting towards the door, only for it to swing open.

“Where do you think you are going?” Lena asked as she entered.

“I need the bathroom” Sally said, marching on the spot.

“And you were all just going to leave all the equipment here?”

“We were going to take it in turns” Sally lied, not caring what she had to do to get out of here and into a bathroom.

“So, that’s why you were all walking towards the door?” Lena replied raising an eyebrow.

“The door has a code, we thought it would be safe.” Jessie countered, getting a set of nods from the others.

“Fine, but one of you should stay here just in case. But now I need you to give me all your passports, apparently they need them to check you all in.”

“Can’t we do it in like 2 minutes” Sally replied.

Sighing Lena shook her head, clearly disappointed. “You know, you should all be able to control yourself better than this. This is not the kind of behaviour that I expect from….”

Lena's comment was cut off as the ground began to shake, the fake glass chandelier above them rocking back and forth as the women grabbed onto the table or walls for balance.

“Is it an earthquake?” Jessie shouted above the rumble of the ground. But moments later they watched as the windows and doors were suddenly blacked out. The lights inside flickering and leaving them in intermittent pitch black. A thundering noise enveloping the building which seemed to creak and strain from the impact. But a few moments later, as the lights came back on it seemed whatever was happening had stopped, the group taking a moment to breath in relief.

“Was that an avalanche?” Maggie asked

“No no no” Sally repeated, going over to the blocked door and trying to open it. But the push door wouldn’t move a millimetre despite the light on the key pad flashing green. “What about the windows she asked desperately?”

Going over to the few small windows that were three quarters of the way up the wall, Demi ignored the displeased look from her boss as she climbed on a chair. “I…these windows don’t open and they look pretty packed in too.

“This cant be happening!” Sally moaned, putting both hands between her pretzeled legs..

“Listen here, im sure it will all be fine. It cant be the first time this has happened, it’s a ski resort. So why don’t we just take a breath and I will go and call the reception. In the meantime, why don’t you start setting up the presentation since it seems we may be stuck here for a couple of hours.” Lena said, almost as if she had been in this situation before. Their unflappable boss truly displaying that characteristic, if she had been even 10 seconds later walking over she could have been caught in that rush of snow and yet she really didn't seem to care about what could have been.

As Lena turned to walk away, a quiet whimper escaped sally as her bladders refuge was cut off.

“Maybe it will help take our minds off it” Jessie suggested, bur none of the others seemed particularly enthused by the idea. Even those who were not as desperate as Sally would likely struggle to wait too long if no one came to rescue them. On the plus side at least the lobby was only about 100M away, surely anyone there could help dig out enough to get to them and let them into the main building. If it came to it, she could just smash the door and do it themselves and say it was broken by the avalanche.

Attaching the laptop to the projector it seemed something wasn’t working. The lights not turning on and switches seemingly not powered.

“I think we might have a problem” Demi said as she repeatedly pressed the on button, the others looking up at her with a mixture of relief and annoyance.

“Yeah its not just that switch, I think they are all out” Maggie added, holding up her phone as if signalling the charger she had plugged in was not working.

“Maybe a fuse went or something?” Jessie asked, her legs squeezing noticeably closer together than they had been on the bus.

“Who wants to bet it on the outside of the building” India Joked.

“Ooh” Sally groaned again, “I really am about to wet myself here.”

“Look there is Lena, maybe she has some good news?” Demi pointed out as their boss came over to poke her head in.

“Bad news guys, looks like we might be here for the long run. Seems it was a pretty big one, the rescue teams are on the way but are prioritizing skiers and people that might be hurt at the bottom of the slops. They said that since we are all ok, the best they can do is probably tomorrow morning when the sun comes up.

“Tomorrow!” Becca and Maggie said simultaneously.

“Yeah, but the heating still works and some good news, they say that because of the inconvenience we have free reign on the fridge and bar supplies.”

“I..I cant hold it that long, I need to peeeeee” Sally whimpered.

“I don’t think any of us can” Becca admitted.

“I am going to wet myself any minute now” Sally continued

“You will not pee yourself!, I will not have any of my employees disgracing the name of my company with such a childish act. This company was built by strong independent women and I only employ strong independent women.” Lena said, firmly pointing a finger at Sally.

“But its been so long, I ca…”

“No, there is no excuse for this kind of behaviour. If you cant hold yourself to the levels the company demands of you then I will have no excuse but to let you go.” Lena finished, now standing firmly in the doorway.

“You cant fire us for needing to pee!” Jessie countered.

“No, But I can fire you for not managing to behave appropriately and disgracing the name of the company. If you remember, you are all on the clock right now!” she said tapping her watch. “You are all being paid for this weekend, all of it. As such, you are expected to represent the company at all times. So there are no excuses.”

“But…”Sally tried weakly.

“What did I just say.... Since you are struggling to understand me, ill rephrase it. Any woman who loses control of themselves will no longer work at this company.”

Silence filled the room, the others barely able to believe what they were hearing, how could someone expect them to hold their pee as part of their job. They all knew Lena was a task master but seriously, this was mad even for her.

“ I am going to make the most of my phones battery and go and call the home office and see what I can do. No point wasting valuable time.” Their boss finished, turning and walking towards one of the small areas, her phone apparently still able to get signal.

“She cant be serious can she?” Jessie asked, the air of disbelief still in the room.

“I was serious, im about to pee myself.” Sally said, both hands squeezed deeply into her crotch.

“It cant be legal, to fire us for it?” Demi said quietly, her own bladder tensing up and threatening to implode from the demand she might be putting on it. She had been on the edge 8 hours ago and had walked a tightrope of control since.

“Well, even if its not. I wouldn’t want to be the one known suing her for being the woman fired for peeing herself. I mean, I can only imagine what the tabloids would do with that.” Jessie commented.

Once again silence filled the room as they took in the new commands against their body.

“There has to be a way of peeing without her noticing” Demi suggested in a hushed tone.

“Maybe there are some bottles in the fridge, then we can pee in them and just hide them in our bags or something.” India suggested, the first thing she had said in a while, her face now red and stance more awkward that it had been a minute earlier.

“Anything, even if its just till we come up with a better idea!” Sally said urgently.

Opening the fridge’s Becca and Maggie showed they were not going to get lucky this time. The shelves filled with what looked like “Eco” cartons of drink, even the wine and whisky was in weird pouches that once opened would be completely unusable for them to pee into.

Checking the bar itself Demi was Frustrated to see that while it lacked any sort of real plumbing, there were a row of taps for ale and beer that seemed to operate just fine.

“What about a cup?” She said holding one up

“There is nowhere to pour them out and we cant just leave a dozen cups of pee around the place, no way Lena doesn’t notice.” Jessie countered.

“Oh god” Sally uttered as she staggered a couple of steps towards the table, her hand reaching out and pressing against it as she twisted herself in desperate knots.

“Wait, what about the stuff?” Demi said, pointing towards the tubs they had carried in.

“What about them?” Jessie asked confused.

“They have stuff in from the company and they make medical devices, maybe they have some bags or pots or something to pee in” Demi said, grunting as she fell to her knees too quickly next to the boxes, her bulging bladder sloshing and complaining violently. Painful spasms caused by the shock flowing out from her bloated midsection for a few seconds before thankfully calming down again. While she may have been looking for something to help Sally, she was also hoping to find a solution for her own predicament. She had lasted 20 hours but there was absolutely no way she could last until the morning or even later if no one arrived to help them.

“I cant see anything” Jessie replied, the others grabbing a box each and looking through them.

“What are we even looking for?” India asked

“Something we can pee into without it smelling spilling or being obvious to Lena” Demi replied.

“So like a portable toilet thing?” Becca asked

“Hell, I’d seriously take a diaper at this point” Sally replied, her legs shaking violently as she continued to grip her crotch.

“Ew gross” Maggie replied, turning her nose up at the idea.

“More gross than me wetting myself right here, which im literally about to do” Sally squeaked.

“Weirdly, yes” Maggie replied, some of the others looking at her confused for a moment before continuing to dig through the treasure trove of medical devices.

“What about these” Maggie said a moment later holding up a series of silicone test tube looking things.

“Too small, now way I don’t make a mess” Sally said, urging them to find something else.

“Plus, I think we would need about a thousand for all of us to be able to pee into them.” Jessie countered before Becca made a strange noise.

“I…well we have this” Becca said holding up a long clear plastic tube.

“What is it?” Demi asked confused by her friend’s interest.

“It’s one of their new catheters. Its designed to go into their new med station things, makes it easier to handle waste and saves busy nurses a job they don’t want to do anyway” Becca explained, clearly having read the folder Demi was supposed to have made her way through on the journey.

“Do we have one?” Demi asked excitedly

“I…no, they are pretty big so wouldn’t fit in one of these boxes.” Becca responded, her facial expression changing slightly as she clearly considered what she was about to say next.

“But it could buy us some time” She said, looking strangely apologetic about what she had just said,

“What do you mean buy us some time, we still don’t have anything to pee into.” Jessie countered, still flicking through her box in the hope something would come up.

“I mean, we all have bladders…some bigger than others” Becca said slowly, nodding as if they were supposed to fill in the blanks.

She couldn’t really mean it right, Demi thought to herself. It had to just be her perverse mind playing tricks on her, there is no way that the others would think that.

“Look, im about to pee myself can you quit it with the riddles” Sally squeaked, the short woman doubled over in discomfort still wedging her hands between her trembling thighs.

“I mean why don’t we ‘reallocate’ some of the groups room to each other”

“I still don’t get what you mean?” Jessie said, clearly not getting it.

“She means we pee into each other” India said bluntly “Which is…Crazy” She continued, blushing as the words came out of her mouth.

“You can’t be serious” Jessie replied.

“Is it even safe?” Sally asked, her desperate mind clearly contemplating it.

“Why wouldn’t it be. Look, I know its crazy but im not going to lie I really need to pee too and I don’t know how much longer I will be able to hold it. Half an Hour, an Hour Max, the Coffee went straight through me and it wants out. I cant hold it till tomorrow...but we don’t need to, we only need to make it long enough for Lena to also need to pee. Then she will realise that holding it till tomorrow is impossible and let us pee somewhere.”

“What does that have to do with peeing into each other?” Jessie asked

“Well If we can give it to the people with the best chance of holding it the longest, then we have the best chance right. Plus… at least one of us here is known for never needing to pee at work” She paused, looking at Demi and causing a cold shiver to run down the sporty brunette’s spine.

Realising where this was going, a sense of foreboding excitement ran through her body, the prospect of being pumped full of other desperate women’s pee a concept she hadn’t even thought of but was uncomfortably enticing. Her bladders capabilities giving her somewhat of a position of power over them, able to make them wait as long as she wanted them too, to watch them squirm until they were begging her to let them pee into her.

Pressing her thighs together a raspy breath escaped between Demi’s pursed lips as she felt herself getting dangerously worked up, closing her eyes she twitched slightly as an erotically charged pulse seem to shoot upwards and make her light headed despite her best efforts to ignore her body. Wait, what did she mean, known for not peeing? Were the others watching her, paying attention to her bathroom habits? The thought of everyone in her office watching her after a long day of work, squirming in her chair and taking bets on whether she would make it. Their hungry gazes fixated on her, typing away the last email of the day, then another, and another until she couldn’t hold back any more. She’d had those dreams in the past but it turned out it was almost true.

But what followed those thoughts soon brought her back to earth, a pulse of desperation from her already maxed out bladder. There was no way, as much as she wanted to, that she would be able to hold all their pee with what was already inside her.

“I…..” Demi paused, how was she going to explain this. What could she possibly say to explain this, it seemed they knew her proclivity for not peeing and all they had seen her drink today was a single coffee and a water bottle. Nowhere near her usual amount. It wasn't like she could tell them that she hadn’t been to the toilet since yesterday evening, how she had been looking forward to her morning run with a full bladder all week, or about the extra litre she had drunk before bed despite already feeling a need to pee. Water that combined with her coffee and fruit juice at breakfast was now pounding against the walls of her bladder unlike anything she had felt for a long time.

Feeling her face heat up she could tell how bright red she was becoming, but as thoughts of every thing she had done raced through her mind her suddenly dry mouth just hung open unable to say anything at all.

“Sorry, I know it’s a bit weird” Becca said, looking down. Taking the blushing Demi for someone embarrassed by the suggestion or talk of her bladder.

“Please, at least a little bit for me” Sally squeaked as she pivoted hard on the spot. “Anyone?” she pleaded quietly to the room.

“Come on Demi, we have never seen you need to pee.” Jessie added, a slightly strange addition from her housemate who she knew for sure had seen her desperate, but maybe she was better at hiding it than she thought.”

“Yeah even on that company picnic last year, it was like 8 hours and you didn’t leave once to use the bathroom.” India added.

“See, I bet you don’t even need to pee now” Jessie said, the others getting increasingly excited by the idea of a way out.

“I do need to pee a bit” Demi lied, her heart fluttering at the understatement of the month. She had never spoken so openly about this to anyone and now people were demanding she talk to them about her ability to hold, the size of her bladder and her peeing habits.

“See its been like 10 hours and you only need to pee a little bit, you will be fine!” Becca said enthusiastically.

Demi could feel the room turning against her, not that she was putting up much of a fight. She knew she should say no, her bladder was already full…or was it. The quiet voice in the back of her mind was shoving its way forwards again, teasing her, telling her to go further, she wasn’t really at her limits after all.

“Ok fine, but just enough to out hold Lena” Wait…had that come out of her mouth? Demi had surprised herself, not so reluctantly agreeing to Becca’s strange plan. But feeling the butterflies in her chest and lower down, she was doing her best not to be overcome by another sensation as the others grouped around her and Sally, were they going to watch?

As Becca handed her the device she waved a hand dismissively at the others for some privacy, even with her secret exhibitionist nature she would never really do anything like that especially with work colleagues.

Quickly reading the pamphlet she managed to get things connected on her end, looking up to see the lock jawed Sally squirming on the spot.

“So how does it…” But Demi was cut off as Sallys shoulders sagged, her movements slowing and moments later a strange heat began filling Demi’s abdomen. Her already full and bloated bladder stretching more as the contents of Sally’s bladder fired its way across into hers. The poor woman clearly close to her limit, twitching in the release of her pee.

Grunting Demi’s hands fanned out across her distended bladder, feeling its contents swirling and churning with the new additional liquid. Each second that passed causing spasms to fly through her abdomen, her breath catching in her throat as the unusual sensations continued.

“Oooo” Demi whimpered softly, a painful cramp causing her to double over and groan. She knew she could have held back the noise but she hoped it would signal to Sally to stop, not wanting to ask her to do it too soon for the weak bladdered woman to make it. But at the same time feeling her body reaching its limits rather quickly.

Despite this, the seconds continued to pass and so did the liquid from the tiny woman. Demi’s bladder continuing to inflate like a balloon inside her, her muscles clenching instinctively to try and slow the flow. But still, she didn’t say anything, biting her lip she watched the liquid flow through the tube in an almost morbid fascination. Finally Sally ran dry, the “little bit” to help her hold clearly turning out to be her entire bladders worth.

“Oh god, I am so sorry.” Sally stammered, looking up at Demi.

For her part she was breathless, sweaty and her entire body was tingling in excitement, nervousness, pain and pleasure. Truly it was something new, unlike anything she had felt, her body doing something completely foreign to her and she wasn’t sure if it was the worst or greatest feeling of her life.

“I… its ok” Demi said hoarsely as she flinched from a strong spasm, her hand resting on her enlarged bladder that was now pressing even tighter against her athletic ware. The elastic waist cutting into her abdomen but struggling to cover up the bulge entirely.

“Ok me next!” Becca announced, the group clearly having watched them from around the corner of the room. Its large glass partitions not really offering any cover for them.

“Wait what?” Demi asked, raising an eyebrow.

“C’mon C’mon C’mon” Becca said, waving a hand at Sally to give her the device so she could relieve herself.

“Wait, I didn’t agree to this.” Demi uttered in slight shock.

“You cant just let Sally go and not the rest of us. We all need to go and there is no way we can hold it much longer” Becca continued.

“Hey, this was only supposed to be for Sally and then we would try and find another way” Demi protested again.

“There are no other ways” Maggie added, standing in what seemed to next in line to fill her with her arms crossed and legs stepping urgently from side to side.

Looking around Demi could see it was true, the large plastic boxes contents now sprawled around the room, with no bottles, containers or anything to use there really were no other options. But that didn’t mean it had to be her right.

“So, You will all just have to hold it. Look I have already taken one for Sally the rest of you will just have to cope.”

“The only reason we are in this predicament is because you and Jessie were late. Otherwise we could have stopped several times on the way down.” Maggie responded, her eyes showing some actual resentment towards Demi.

“Hey, I was supposed to even be here” Demi replied, trying to defend herself.

“Yeah but now you are, although Jessie is as much to blame as you.” Maggie replied, looking over to the dark skinned beauty staying quiet near the corner.

“No way, you are not coming near me with that thing” Jessie said, holding her hands up.

“Really, so you think Demi should get it all even though you were the one to say she would be ready to Lena?” India said accusingly.

“Well, I didn’t know she was out, or what Lena would do.” Jessie said a little flustered.

“Come on Jessie, you know you also have a strong bladder too. Just enough to take the edge off a couple of us.” Becca said, starting to dance side to side as Sally was caught between giving her the tube and listening to Demi.

Standing there Demi wasn’t sure how much more she could take. Her even fuller bladder still giving her grief from the first load from Sally. Maybe it was the fact that this would spread it out, or maybe she subconsciously wanted to filled, but either way the next thing that came out of her mouth was an agreement. She would take half and Jessie would take the other, despite her house mates objections it seemed they were falling on deaf ears.

Maggie had found another tube and was currently forcing it into the hands of Jessie, while Becca had finally gotten the tube from Sally and had rapidly attached herself to it.

“Oooahhhh” Becca moaned in relief.

“Just a bit, remember,” Demi said as she gritted her teeth, the uncomfortable sensation of her bladder being filled starting up once again. The strange heat radiated through her core, her hands exploring her stretching body excitedly despite the painful pressure building inside her.

“Okay that’s enough” Demi said more forcefully this time.

“Oooh ahh” Becca groaned, clenching her thighs as a couple of seconds later she managed to stem the flow, keeping enough in herself to stop Demi exploding on the spot.

Breathing heavily Demi pressed both hands into her crotch, Suring up her defences and helping her unhappy muscles to hold.

“Stop, Stop, STOP!” Jessie cried out behind them, a sense of real urgency easy to hear in her voice as Maggie peed into her.

“I’ve only just stared, URGH, I cant” Maggie cried quietly.

“I cant, my bladder!” Jessie whimpered as she cradled her stomach. Despite still showing no signs of a bladder bulge, it was clear that she was feeling the impacts of the stream from Maggie which was continuing.

Resorting to groaning Jessie was twitching on the spot, her face screwed up in discomfort as she squirmed. Her comprehension no longer even able to tell Maggie to stop, which was fortunate because it didn’t seem like she was planning, or able too. For 20 more seconds a clear liquid flowed through the tube, forcing its way into Jessie.

The connected women groaning softly but for opposite reasons. Maggie enjoying relieving herself for the first time in almost 5 hours, while a low whine escaped Jessie as she reluctantly accepted the other woman's pee despite having been denied a bathroom break herself for the same amount of time.

Finally the flow stopped, Maggie looking up sheepishly as she realised what she had done. Apparently neither her nor Sally could control themselves. The pair of them fully emptying themselves into Demi and Jessie, their tardiness coming back to haunt them.

“MMMMmm” Jessie hummed through her pursed lips, holding up a finger aggressively to stop Maggie speaking.

Looking on Demi half expected to see the liquid shoot back down the tube and back into the smaller woman. But somehow as the others watched on nervously Jessie acclimatised to her new bladders fullness.

“I…I cant hold this, there is no way” The brunette said firmly, the group still trying to be quiet to keep what they were doing a secret from their boss on the other side of the building.

Clearly wondering the same thing as Demi, Maggie decided it was best to not wait any longer and disconnected herself, offering the free end to India.

“No!” Jessie said firmly “ I will piss myself if you go anywhere near that, and I’ll sure as anything take you all down with me.” She threatened, still half doubled over and holding herself.

“But I need to pee” India said, her exclamation strangely innocent sounding as she curtsied in the middle of the group.

“Use Demi, I am full” Jessie announced, clearly indicating she was done with this idea even if they were trying to blackmail the pair of them.

Not even really waiting for any permission India slowly walked over, moving towards taking the tube still connected to Demi who was really starting to regret accepting this crazy idea. She had already taken all of Sally’s and probably half of Maggie’s bladder on top of her own that she would previously have listed as full. How she was still holding was a mystery to her, even as she looked down at her massive bulge of a bladder she wondered where it was going and how much more would fit there. She was clearly capable of far more than she thought, her body reaching new extremes as it was pumped full. Yet even as it ached, painful pulses shooting across her taught skin she could feel the pleasure following it. The strange ecstatic tingles all over her body, radiating out enticingly.

“I guess I don’t have any choice” Demi said, accepting her fate and strangely not hating the thought of it. Although, as fun as it may have been seeming in the short term, she would likely hate it in the long run. But how long could Lena really hold it, she had never exhibited any super holding abilities…although Demi had never really paid much attention to it.

“Can we do this somewhere more private?” India said as she took the tube.

But holding her hands up, there really was nowhere else to go.

“I don’t think I can do it with you all watching, would you mind going in there maybe?” India asked, blushing as she asked Demi to do it in the state of the art business suite. Despite the glass walls it seemed not being in the same room would help her, not that it made any difference to Demi.

“Sure, why don’t you guys grab a seat and we will be over shortly” Demi smiled, nodding towards the leather sofa’s and book shelves in the corner of the large wood cabin.

“Thank you” India said as she approached Demi to get the tube, having not got that far last time.

Going to hand it over Demi was suddenly surprised by the closeness of her co-workers face which had appeared right next to her. The red head leaning in towards her, a strange smile on her face.

“I know why you are doing this.” The red head said, smugness and a tint of something else audible in her tone.

“What” Demi said, trying to sound as innocent as possible. She couldn’t possibly mean what she said right?

“You forget, I am the ICT girl, I fix all your computers and see all your dirty little secrets.” India whispered almost seductively, her face close enough that Demi was sure she could feel the warmth coming from her cheeks as she swallowed deeply and tried to compose her voice so it wouldn’t crack when she finally spoke.

“I don’t…”

“You really should delete your browsing history before asking someone to fix something on it. I didn’t even go looking, it was just there in the most visited when I opened it up to connect to our sever.” India smiled, turning away from Demi now clutching the tube. Although strangely her posture was now much more relaxed, her desperation seemingly having disappeared instantly.

“What do you want?” Demi asked quietly, still blushing madly, her entire body hotter than she thought possible, but not in a good way. This was humiliating, to have someone else know her secret, she was usually so careful, how could she have slipped up!

“Nothing, except to use you when I need to tonight. I’m not as much into holding it as you, although I expect you will have enough fun watching the others squirm.” India said calmly, although there was clearly a small tremor in her voice, one that if she hadn’t been so preoccupied with her own situation Demi may have noticed.

“And?” Demi asked nervously

“Nothing.” India said, shrugging.

“Wait, that’s it?” Demi asked, slightly relieved.

“What yeah, I mean ive known for months. I hadn’t planned on doing anything with that information but then….” India stopped herself. “You know…” she indicated to the door currently still blocked in by the snow.

“Fine, but you better not get me fired.” Demi replied defensively.

“Trust me, that’s not my intention” India said lowering her shoulders and relaxing her torso now the tube was attached.

A few moments later and without warning, Demi once again felt her taught bladder filling even more. Closing her eyes she breathed deeply, more powerful and painful pulses shooting out from the core of her body.

But to her surprise after only 10 – 12 seconds she felt the stream stopped, was that it?

Opening her eyes she looked at India, puzzled as to why her would be black mailer was holding back.

“Why, I mean what..”

Smiling India let out a single laugh.

“Where would be the fun in that. Besides, I don’t really need to go. I just thought I would take the edge off and give you a taste. You see I wont be doing a Maggie and blowing my load in one go, so to speak. I want you to start getting comfortable, maybe thinking you can hold it, only for me to come calling.”

Why was India doing to this, she had been nothing but nice to her at work. But worse, why was she enjoying this, she should hate it. She was being black mailed; her secret being used against her. Her bladder was literally being dominated, controlled, and filled by someone else who didn’t care how full she was. Someone who would likely keep peeing into her all night in secret…

“Ooohoa” Demi moaned as a shiver of pure pleasure ran up her spine. The noise causing another smirk to appear on India’s face opposite her.

“Should we go and join the others?” India said, carefully folding up the tube and placing it into her pocket.

Walking back out into the main room Demi watched as India seemed to switch back to her quiet but social woman persona. Her bladders dominator walking over to the kitchen area Demi felt her bladder churn and a pit open in her stomach.

“So who wants a drink, I am parched” India announced, pulling herself a pint of beer from the tap.

“Sure” the others all agreed other than Jessie, the group clearly enjoying their empty bladder and almost instantly forgetting the discomfort they were in mere minutes earlier.

Demi wanted to say something to stop them, but looking up she caught India’s gaze which told her not to do or say anything. Her mouth opening for a moment before she closed it, keeping her objection to herself as she watched the large pint glasses begin to be filled with the frothing amber liquid.

###

So there we have it, the scene is set but how will it play out? Most of the group are enjoying their empty bladders while Demi and Jessie are not so lucky. India has revealed herself to Demi, but where will it go from here?

I hope people enjoyed that chapter.

Once again, I really appreciate all the nice words from everyone.
