Red flag, Yellow streams: The Soviet Republic of Pisuaria. - Page 2

Author: Ms. Tito

*025*2020-03-25 05:26

(Warning: This chapter contains a sex scene near the end, so if you aren't into that, then you can skip it.)

CHAPTER 5: Lyudmila

The sun began to set as Lyudmila and her girlfriend Lana waited for the train to arrive. They are heading to see a concert by f.U.T.a. in Blovyob. "Lyudmila, I'm bored! When is the train arriving?" Lana asks, impatiently. "Soon, love," Lyudmila replied. Lana groped her girlfriend's boobs from behind and asks "Why don't you entertain me?" Lyudmila blushes and pushes her away "N-not here, please..." Lyudmila is very self-conscious about her trans body. and is only comfortable with showing her girlfriend. Lana sometimes forgets that her girlfriend isn't as comfortable with exposing herself in public as she is. "Sorry, just got carried away," she apologized to her lover. Finally, the train arrived at their station, and they boarded.

The train travelled for 2 hours before pulling into Blovyob's main station. The city was busy, even at this time of night. They walked past a towering statue of Vladimir Lenin, the leader of the 1917 Bolshevik revolution. Outside the station, there were public urinals on a wall plastered with old Soviet propaganda posters. Men, women, and non binary people alike strolled up to them and relieved themselves out in the open, often chatting with each other as they did. Lana and Lyudmila walked past them and got on a bus to the concert grounds. After they got off the bus, they headed over to the entrance and gave the bouncers their tickets. They could already hear the cheering from inside, they arrived just on time for the concert to begin.

Everyone was cheering as f.U.T.a walked on stage, completely topless save for bra's with hammers and sickles on them, with their booty shorts showing off their bulges. Their lead singer, Tanya, yelled out to the crowd; "Are you guys ready?!!" The crowd cheered back in approval. Tanya said "Alright, let's get this party STARTED! Hit it, girls!" The band started out with a cover of a well-known Soviet song, My Address is the Soviet Union. Everyone was cheering and dancing in the mosh pit. "Lana, I really have to pee," Lyudmila tried to tell her girlfriend over the blaring music. Lana yelled "What? I can't hear you!" Lyudmila once again told her girlfriend, this time louder, "I really need to use the bathroom! Do you know where one is?!" Lana told her girlfriend "Just go in the trees where everyone else is going!"

"Lana, no! You know how shy I am!"

"Well, maybe you can see if there are any porta-potties around. I'm sure there are some!" Lana then went up to the stage to ask the band for a request before their next song.

Lyudmila left her girlfriend and looked around for something, anyplace private to relieve her poor bladder. Suddenly, she spotted some porta-potties near the trees. She ran over to them, finally a place to pee! But then, the worst realization hit her. The porta-potties have signs on them that read "Due to the crowded capacity of this concert grounds, we ask that everyone use these portable toilets for #2 only. You are free to pee in the bushes nearby if you need to. With love, the f.U.T.a. crew!" Lyudmila held back a whimper. She would have no other choice but to pee out in the open like everyone else.

Suddenly, Lyudmila had a genius idea. She wondered if she could go backstage and pee there. It was a desperate, but delightfully devilish, idea. Lyudmila tried to get behind the stage. She was able to squeeze between the people and get backstage, and found some bushes out of view from everyone else. She whipped out her dick and stood in front of the bushes. Just then, she heard a voice call out "Hey, what are you doin' back here?" Lyudmila frantically tried to put her penis back inside her briefs.

The voice asked again "Are you trying to pee back behind our stage? You know you can pee in the bushes back near the crowds." Lyudmila told her "Y-yeah...I um...don't feel comfortable with that. I've never felt comfortable exposing myself in front of anyone, except my girlfriend. That's why I snuck back here." The other girl told her "I see. Well... tough luck, because me and my friends need to take a pee break too, and this is our spot!" Lyudmila suddenly recognized the girl's face "Friends? Oh! You must be Tanya! Well I'm sorry for disturbing you, I'll be heading back to the crowd now."

"I don't think so. You should stay here with us. I heard from someone on stage that they had a surprise request for you." Tanya said. Lyudmila was confused, who could have a request for her? And what for? Then, as soon as the answer came to her mind, Lana emerged from the crowd along with the other band members, and shouted "Suprise!~" Lyudmila certainly was surprised. She asked "Lana? Was this your idea??"

"Yep!" Lana replied, "I want to help you get over your shyness, so I think we should start out small with a group of just a few people. And the best part is, they're all trans like you!"

"Lana...I - I don't know about this... I don't think-" Lyudmila was cut off by her girlfriend "Моя Цветовная, You have no meed to hide your beautiful body from anyone. You deserve to be seen and loved. And much more, you need to stop worrying about being seen, just go pee when and where you need to. Now, I'll help you, see!" Lyudmila sighed, and said "Alright. I'll do it. I'm tired of being embarassed!" She stood next to the band members, who were already pissing into the bushes, their dicks in hand.

She then pulled out her own penis and held it in her hands. She tried to pee, but she froze up. Lana suddenly put her hand on her girlfriend's semi-flaccid cock and whispered in her ear "Go pee.~" As if by magic, Lyudmila began to let out a stream that hit the bushes with a small patter noise. She uttered a soft moan of relief, as her girlfriend moved her penis around and played with her stream. The other girls happily peed beside each other. After a while, the pee streams of all the girls died off and they wiped themselves dry with some tissues. Lyudmila shook her dick a few fimes to dry off.

Lyudmila's libido had finally reached its limit, her penis was completely erect. Lana noticed this, and had the band girls come over to them. Lyudmila couldn't believe what was about to happen, she was about to partake in an orgy for the first time ever! One of the band members asked her to get on her knees, and Lyudmila happily obliged. Her mouth was suddenly full of cock, as the two guitarists stuck theirs in for her to suck. She happily licked on their tips, and fondled one of the girls' balls as she did. Soon, one girl took her cock out of her mouth, and the other shoved hers in deeper. Lyudmila began stroking the first lady's dick while she continued to suck the other. In short time, they both came in her mouth and on her face. She wiped the first girl's cum off her cheek and swallowed the rest.

Lyudmila laid the third woman, a drummer, down on the ground, and took off her shirt. She stuck the drummer's cock in between her boobs and licked the tip. She gave the drummer a boob job as she moved her breasts up and down on her shaft. The drummer girl moaned "Oh~ Keep going, this is wonderful!~" and with one last lick of her tip, her semen exploded all over Lyudmila's perky tits. Lyudmila then moved over to her girlfriend and began to kiss her lips. Lana slipped off Lyudmila's skirt and underwear, and Lyudmila pulled Lana's jeans down. Lyudmila's cock was throbbing, begging for her lover's pussy.

She slowly slipped her dick into Lana's vagina, and thrusted in and out gently, grabbing her lady's round ass. Tanya then came from behind Lyudmila and slid her cock inside Lyudmila's asshole. The three of them fucked each other, meanwhile the other band ladies were still recovering from the afterglow. Lyudmila kissed Lana's lips, and Tanya was licking Lyudmila's neck. All three of them were moaning so loud, it's a surprise the band wouldn't think to sample it in their songs. Tanya moaned "Oh, I'm getting close!~" to which Lyudmila responded "I think I am too~ I'm gonna cum!~" Lana said to the two transbians "Me too~ Let's all cum together~" With a final pleasured yelp, the three of them reached orgasm, and Lyudmila and Lana were filled with cum.

They laid on the ground for a bit, until Tanya got up and said "Well, we took long enough with our break. We should get back to performing. Oh, and thank you, Lyudmila. I had fun with you tonight. If you want to do that again, you know where to find us.~" She walked over to the other girls and got back on stage. Lyudmila and Lana grabbed their clothes, but decided to stay naked and went back out to the crowd. The band played a russian version of the Beatles' "I Want To Hold Your Hand," and Lyudmila and Lana danced the night away together. As they kissed in the moonlight, Lyudmila thought to herself "This was the best night of my entire life!"

$$

*030*2020-04-01 19:57

(btw my story is also on peefans.com now

%https://peefans.com/topic/15230-red-flag-yellow-streams-the-soviet-republic-of-pisuaria-from-omorashiorg/

)

*031*2020-04-02 01:22

{{On 3/29/2020 at 8:17 PM, Jowet said:

Thanks, really enjoyed the story so far.

Unfortunately with all the news around, I can't but notice how irresponsible such behavior would be if there was a corona outbreak I mean they are hardly pracricing social distancing. lets just hope Pisuria won't get this virus.

}}

Oh, trust me, Pisuaria would be fine since they're usually so reclusive and they rarely travel to other countries (Seriously, why would you wanna leave to go somewhere that doesn't let you pee where you want??) But if COVID-19 (or any other virus foe that matter) hits Pisuaria, there would definitely be social distancing measures in place.

*032*2020-04-06 18:14

Pisuaria's national anthem

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Tj6Y2lKkxk8?feature=oembed"

*033*2020-04-17 04:15

Chapter 6: Dominykas

It was late at night, past 11:30, and Dominykas was returning home from closing at a fast food restaurant. He went up to a urinal and dropped his pants to his ankles. He never wore underwear, and always enjoys showing off his ass, so he pulls his pants all the way down when he pees. He stood in front of it and spreads his lips as he pees into the porcelain wall in front of him.

Another man walked into the bathroom and took the urinal next to Dominykas. Unlike in most countries, Pisuarian urinal ettiquite allows for people to take urinals next to each other, and some even make conversation while they pee. It is also perfectly normal and even acceptable for people to sneak a peek at each other's not-so-private parts. There's no judgemental attitudes toward what people's genitals look like. The man whipped out his cock and started pissing in the urinal next to Dominykas. Dominykas glanced down at the other man's dick, and a slight grin grew on his face. "You have a very nice cock, sir" he said. The man replied "Thank you. You have a nice ass yourself, comrade." Dominykas smiled and blushed, then asked "Would you like to put that in me? I have a condom if you'd like. If you swing that way, that is."

The man said "I do, I like men. And it seems you do too." Dominykas did like men. He was bi. The two finished pissing, and then Dominykas handed the man a condom. The man put the condom over his penis and stood behind Dominykas, giving him a reacharound. "I hope this won't hurt too much," he said, "I'm a bit of a grower." Dominykas responded "That's fine, I've put myself through plenty of exercise." The man slipped his cock inside Dominykas' ass, and he let out a pleased yelp. He started thrusting in and out of Dominykas, breathing rapidly as he did. Dominykas couldn't help but moan as his ass was pounded.

"Yes! More! Fuck me senseless!" Dominykas moaned. The man's thrusts got faster and his breathing became heavier. Soon, he twitched and came inside Dominykas' ass, and the condom filled up. "That was wonderful, thank you, uh..." the man said. "Dominykas. My name's Dominykas. I enjoyed that too." The man responded "I'm Antonov. I'm a construction worker. You can find me at the new construction projects. I should be getting home now." He then Kisses Dominykas on the cheek. "Yeah, I should be getting home too," Dominykas said as he pulled his pants up. Antonov and Dominykas said their goodbyes and parted ways.

Dominykas stumbled up to his apartment, he could barely walk from the sex he just had, and opened the door. He went in and closed the door, threw himself on his bed and stripped nude, and began to play with himself. He stroked his pussy until he reached his climax, and then he covered himself in a blanket and drifted off to sleep.

*036*2020-05-09 19:55

I'm totally out of ideas rn lol

I might continue when I get some inspiration

*039*2020-07-03 04:04

I'm having a difficult home situation, so idk when the next chapter will be even started. Plus I've been dicking around for a month on my ass doing basically nothing because bleh.

*042*2020-07-08 03:42

{{On 7/5/2020 at 1:09 PM, bibibibi said:

Can you have more scenes of women using the urinal?

}}

I mean it happens in Pisuaria on a daily basis, so probably

*044*2020-07-12 16:33

Pisuaria's national anthem, believe it or not, is The Internationale, which was the first anthem of the Soviet Union until 1944 when a new anthem was adopted.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Eqm9iSoHBdU?feature=oembed"

*045*2020-07-22 03:49

(I'm droppin a preview for my next chapter)

"As a small, reclusive socialist island nation, much of the international community ignores Pisuaria, so most of it's trading is done with Cuba and China, however Russia, Belarus, and even the unrecognized breakaway Pridnestrovie Moldovan Republic, or Transnistria, trade goods with Pisuarians, despite the Russian Federation and it's allies' feelings towards so-called "gay propaganda." While Pisuaria has a shaky relationship with her mother country, Russia, they are no friends of NATO either. They've frequently spoken out against the US-led interventions in Yugoslavia, Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, and most recently Ukraine. However, Pisuaria has friends of its own, found in the similarly omorashi-inclined nations of Lavatria and Kaymala."

*048*2020-10-26 21:52

I'm sorry, I don't know if I'll be making the next chapter anytime soon. I started college over a month ago and it's really draining me. Hopefully I'll find some time to do it.

*049*2021-03-19 04:03

Welp. I haven't even worked on my story in over 6 months and College is still using me as an onahole. I'm sorry, I'll try to do better this summer.

$$

