A Catgirl's Desperate Adventure

Author: Male

*000*2019-08-25 21:49

This isn't my usual style - I don't usually go for fantasy - but I thought it might be interesting to do something like this after seeing this cute artwork. Also maybe to reach out to a different audience.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/gallery/image/36545-request-021/?do=embed"

I thought it would be interesting to go with the cat-people culture as being far more socially reserved and technologically advanced than ours, rather than more "wild" as described in the artwork; for instance, they don't use litter trays here. See what you think.

###

Lana Nyala was easily the prettiest lady she knew. It wasn't even close. Thanks to genetic luck and a little exercise, she had a perfect face and body, and her smooth orange hair flowed round her pointy ears down to her shoulders. Her tail, modestly curled up under her skirt as should be the case for any proper lady, was orange and white striped, though none of her male colleagues, who gazed so longingly at her, had ever seen it. She was saving herself for marriage, and she had yet to find the right gentleman for her.

Today, she was excited to be starting work at the new top secret facility - a facility which was exploring the possibility of interdimensional wormholes. Of course, this was in a very junior role, but to be participating in such a project at all was an honour - an honour only earned by her perfect exam grades, in which she graduated top of her class. Only the best of the best could work here, and she was one of them.

As she was escorted through the gates of the facility, her excitement was tempered by her intense urge to urinate. To ensure she was alert for the job, she had drunk a large quantity of coffee, and there had been bad traffic on the way there - hardly ideal circumstances for her bladder. Formally dressed in a blue, knee-length A-line skirt and white blouse with knee socks and flat shoes, the standard dress for professional ladies, she certainly looked the part, but was increasingly worried that her bladder would betray her professionalism. The lack of any visible toilets on the way in made her even more concerned. There was no way she could hold it all day. What if she...it didn't bear thinking about.

"Good morning, madam," said the site administrator, clearly taken aback by her sheer beauty. Catmen, unlike their female counterparts, wore trousers which had a third closed "leg" for the tail - a garment which always struck Lana as far more complicated than simply tucking it under a skirt. She was glad she only had to deal with the simpler female dress code - especially when she was desperate for the toilet. Hitching up a skirt was easy, but she could only imagine the embarrassing situations which occurred when a gentleman drank too much alcohol and had to undo the flies of his trousers in a hurry.

"Good morning, sir" she said, bowing in deference as she rubbed her legs together under her skirt. "Um, would you mind if I ask where the toilets are? I got stuck in traffic on the way here, and...you know..." She put her hand over her bladder to prove her point.

"Toilets are down that corridor," he said, gesticulating briefly. "Then turn left, then right..."

Lana winced at the thought of the painfully long walk. "That's a long way," she said.

"Yes, it is," said the administrator. "A plumber is working to fix the ladies' room at the moment, so you'll have to use the other toilets over there."

"OK, thanks," she said. "I'll be back."

Looking thoroughly adorable, she trotted down the corridor, still resting her hand on her bladder to ease the pain a little. Left, then right...she really hoped it wasn't too far. She hadn't leaked a drop yet, but, if she did, it would leave a humiliating drip on the floor - since catwomen, owing to their tucked tails making such garments impractical, did not wear knickers. This, of course, made using the toilet in a hurry an awful lot easier, and, in the event of an accident, did make it possible to manage it without even wetting one's clothing - providing that the urine didn't touch the socks. However, it did make encounters with the wind potentially humiliating, which is why almost all skirts, including all of Lana's, had weights sewn into the hem.

Lana breathed and tried to keep calm as she paced along the corridor. It was going to be OK. She was going to make it. She'd have her wee, and then carry on with her day. Finally, she saw the toilet. It was such relief...relief to the point where she almost started to wee. Clenching every muscle she had, she squealed in pain as she bent over, pressing her legs together to try to stop a leak. She managed it. Composing herself again, she walked on to the toilet, and pulled on the door handle.

It was occupied.

"Fuck," she said, blushing at the extremely unladylike language. She felt so ashamed to have said something so filthy, but this situation was so painful she was simply unable to maintain her composure any longer. Where was she going to go? She strongly suspected the answer was "in her skirt", but she certainly didn't want it to be so.

"Um, hey, you in there," she said, banging on the door. "Can you hurry up, please? It's an emergency."

"Sorry, I'm constipated," came the voice from inside. "I'll be here for a few more minutes."

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, no..." said Lana, not even caring about her language anymore. She was potty dancing on the spot. She wasn't going to be able to make it to another toilet, but she couldn't just wee herself in the corridor in front of everyone. She realised the only way she could possibly save a shred of dignity would be to go into one of the side rooms and have her accident there instead; after all, if she spread her legs, her skirt hopefully wouldn't get wet, and she could blame in on split ammonia... She opened the door of the next room on from the toilet and stepped inside, neglecting to notice the "WARNING: DO NOT ENTER UNLESS AUTHORISED" sign above it.

The first thing Lana noticed on stepping through the portal was that this was not a quiet, secluded room where she could wee herself in peace. This was, in fact, a busy street in a large city, and a large city inhabited by people unlike any she had seen before. They had strange, naked ears on the sides of their heads, and none of the men seemed to have tails; some of the women were wearing trousers, and had no visible tails either! The overwhelming shock of the whole situation simply made her lose control of her bladder on the spot.

There she was, aspiring young scientist and beauty queen, pissing herself in public like a little girl. Urine cascaded down her legs, soaking her socks down to her shoes. Blushing scarlet, she looked down at the pool growing around her feet. To wet oneself in public as a proper lady was a humiliation words could not express; many a pretty lady had not quite made it to the toilet in time at home, but for it to happen on a crowded street, much less one filled with strange people, was another question entirely.

She looked behind her. She couldn't see whatever portal she had come through; the street was much the same behind her as in front. Looking back in front of her, a strange man approached her. He was physically strong, with visibly toned muscles, and, though his ears were as bizarre as everyone else's, Lana knew he was handsome - at least by her standards. To be standing in a puddle of her own urine was not the situation she wanted to meet a potential suitor in.

He said something in a language she couldn't understand. Her heart sank even more. She was lost in another dimension, her socks were soaked, and she couldn't even speak the language. On the plus side, her weighted skirt hem was saving her a little extra embarrassment; she noticed the wind lifting one unfortunate young lady's skirt up to her shoulders. She must be a prostitute, she thought; only they would be so vulgar as to wear a skirt that blew up to titillate their clients.

"Um...do you speak Modern Standard?" Lana said, knowing it was almost certainly in vain. His blank face said everything.

"Fucking hell," she said, not caring the slightest about her language anymore. "I come from a different country...I..."

Tears came to her eyes. He appeared sympathetic, and slowly moved towards her, putting a hand on her shoulder. Lana knew to be very careful around strange gentlemen, but she didn't want to push away someone who seemed kind.

He said something else in his strange language. Lana shrugged to try to indicate that she didn't understand. He seemed to realise that she didn't share his language. Nonetheless, he took her hand. Knowing what an utterly stupid idea this was, she walked along with him. The energy pistol she wore in a garter holster under her skirt, which she had used on 2 occasions to protect herself and her dignity, would be her last resort if anything bad did happen. But, so far, he seemed kind. She would just turn down any alcoholic drinks he offered her.

Her wet socks squelched in her shoes as she walked along the street. Her urine-streaked legs, along with her conspicuous ears, drew the attention of children, who pointed and laughed at her. Everyone had these bizarre naked ears. What were these people?

At length, they came to what was presumably the door to his apartment. She figured that a sexual assault was probably imminent when they got in, but, frankly, she was willing to take the risk for the chance of a shower and getting out of her soaked socks; even her skirt was rather damp from blowing against her wet legs. After a ride in a clunky elevator, they arrived at his front door. He unlocked it, and led her in. She took a deep breath, worrying if he'd pull a weapon once the door was closed.

But he didn't. He indicated the direction of the bathroom, and she entered. There was a shower. Looking at his trousers, she did notice a rather suspicious bulge, but she could hardly blame him for getting a little excited, especially given the titillating indignity of her accident. She pointed out of the room to order him out of it, then, once the door was closed, stripped off her clothes, and got into the shower, putting her holstered pistol down behind her in case he did turn violent. Her foot, wet with urine, slipped, causing her to fall on her bottom with a loud thud and a squeak of pain. The door opened, and the gentleman looked in, visibly taken aback at her tail, so shamefully exposed. She blushed and desperately tried to close her legs and cover it. These were depths of humiliation she had never sunk to in her life. With his trousers still clearly bulging, he walked over to her and helped her to her feet. He ran the shower warm, then held her hand as she stood under it.

To be naked in front of a strange gentleman was just disgraceful beyond belief. But no one from home could see her here. What if...she was naughty? What if...she let herself have some fun? It wasn't like she could get much more degraded; she might as well have some fun with it. It was just so absolutely, utterly inappropriate, she was already getting aroused by the idea. She gave him a seductive look, and gently touched his crotch with her hand. He smiled, and slowly undid his flies. His cock wasn't so different from those of catmen, she noticed; this would be no different than regular procreation, not that she had ever experienced it. He removed his clothes entirely, then went to fetch a strange rubber sheath and rolled it on his penis. What was that? She assumed it was some kind of primitive contraceptive; she, like all ladies, took contraceptive pills to ease periods, but there had been a time in history when this was not the case.

Ready for love, he stepped into the shower alongside her and embraced her close. She clung to him, feeling his muscles tense. She felt as her virginity was taken, gasping from the shameful pleasure of it. She was coming close to orgasm already...the disgrace was turning her on faster than any fantasy she had while masturbating had. Moaning in pleasure, she succumbed to her base urges at last. Soon after, she felt him come, too. As far as first times went, it was definitely a fun experience. And no one back home would know what happened.

But how would she get back home at all?

###

I'll carry on with this later if you liked it.

*003*2019-08-27 13:12

{{5 hours ago, Drip said:

I really liked your story and I would love to read more of it. I'm especially interested in the futuristic cat society, their advanced technology and different social norms. Use of @Jailor Eckman

's amazing art work also adds to the story, making the main character much easier to visualize in my head, if you really do plan on writing more, I can't wait to read it.

}}

This character actually looks a little different; she's only inspired by the picture. The idea of ladies having to hide their tails away is very cute; she has her tail curled up under her skirt, while the character in the picture seems to have it poking out over her skirt (which would make her skirt difficult to wear, since she couldn't have the top of it at her natural waist - despite being a dude, I have a bit of experience wearing kilts/skirts and it would be a pain in the arse to have a tail sticking out above the back of one). In a more liberal society, her tail would hang down out of the bottom of her skirt, but only the most vulgar woman would do that!

Her skirt itself is also a little different from shown, since it's looser to allow her to move around easily (hence why she notes that it's an awful lot more comfortable than the trousers-with-tails that dudes wear).

*006*2019-08-29 22:17

{{18 hours ago, Drip said:

Thanks for clearing up my misconceptions about the Main Character's physical appearance, I'll be sure to adjust my mental image accordingly when reading all future chapters.

Why dont they just cut holes in the skirts and pants for the tails, it seems more practical, or are you going for more of a exposing your tail in public is a vulger act akin to showing off your genitalia in public. Is it the way you wear your tail or is it the fact that your tail is showing at all? Is showing off your tail illegal, or is it just socially frowned upon?

Also thanks so much for responding, I loved your story and its awesome to have a chance to discuss it with you.

}}

I'm going for the idea that the tail is a vulgar part of the anatomy to be covered up (this comes from the habit of men pulling women's tails during sex). It's not illegal to show it, just crude and lubricious.

