Sweet As Sakura bonus chapter (A Sword Art Online story about hospital urinals)

Author: Marisa-chan

*000*2024-04-30 21:53

Hi! The following is a story that I wrote as a bonus chapter for a full SAO doujin story featuring Asuna and Yuuki. It takes place in an alternate timeline where Yuuki's condition temporarily improves- enough for Asuna to keep her company

Spoiler

As her final wish.

This story is basically a short scene where Asuna and Yuuki wake up together needing to pee, and solve this problem by using glass hospital urinals like the one shown below:

Source: https://www.etsy.com/uk/listing/1558548371/antique-vintage-clear-glass-urinal-usa

I wasn't sure what time it was when I woke up, but minutes after I awoke Yuuki stirred beside me. She too was in a groggy, half-awake state, and could barely manage a few words.

"Ohayou, Asuna."

I couldn't help but smile warmly.

"Ohayou, Yuuki!"

Yuuki paused for a moment, before sitting straight up. Her hands shot to her crotch.

"Pee... gotta pee..."

"Uhm, Yuuki... how do you normally pee?"

"Catheter... but I don't have it now. Oh, that's right, my doctor gave me these glass urinals."

"E.....ehhhh.....??"

Yuuki reached over and produced two strangely shaped glass bottles from seemingly out of nowhere. Well, they weren't regular glass bottles. They seemed to have a horizontal configuration, with a carrying handle on top. Their mouths- disturbingly enough- seemed perfectly, smoothly, ergonomically shaped to fit around... a pussy. It was then that I felt my own urge. I... I had to relieve myself... into this?

"Uh, Yuuki, do you know how to use these?"

"It's simple, follow me. Get into a kneeling position like this. Yeah, that works. Place these over your lips. Okay, good. Alright now release."

Hissssssssssss....................

"A...... that feels good........."

I felt really shy all of a sudden, but when Yuuki's stream started I was powerless to resist. The sound of her urine hitting the glass and filling up the urinal, the way it hissed as it exited her lips... before I knew it, I was peeing too, and the sound of my hissing joined hers.

"Ahh.........doesn't that feel much better?"

I couldn't look away somehow. Yuuki's urine was a clear golden yellow, while mine was transparent. Yuuki was giving me this bright grin which in any other context would have been adorable, but kneeling here with glass urinals pressed up against our vagina lips with urine hissing strongly outwards... well, I wasn't so sure what to think.

"Alright, I'm empty!"

"I... I'm empty too..."

"Here Asuna, pass me yours"

"Do... do I have to...?"

Yuuki took our urinals and placed them aside. One gold, and one clear.

Again, seemingly out of nowhere, she produced a roll of toilet paper.

"Here Asuna, I'll wipe for you and you'll wipe for me."

Before I could resist, Yuuki pressed a square of toilet paper firmly against my vagina, squishing it down. After pulling it away, she folded it neatly into a smaller square and placed it aside. Then, she handed me another square. I gingerly moved towards Yuuki's tiny vagina, pressed the toilet paper down- she let out a squeak- before pulling it away and folding it.

Yuuki put the two pieces of toilet paper next to the urinals. Then, she turned towards me.

"Now, should we drink lots and lots of water and nyan-nyan some more?"

"Uh, let's just take a bath together and get cleaned up"

"Works for me. Hey hey, can we nyan-nyan in the bath?"

"D- definitely!"

###

Girlfriends!

Source: https://www.deviantart.com/kaz-kirigiri/art/Yuuki-Yuuki-4K-Wallpaper-Sword-Art-Online-688346071

Going to school in real life

Source: https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/94149217

Yuuki will never forget you.

*002*2024-05-13 23:02

@Hotel_Trivago

, thanks for your interest. I really thought no one would ever ask.

Then again, since you asked nicely... I guess I'll share the full story.

I didn't want to share it at first because it's a 3-part series where the first part is mostly my own self-reflection done through Yuuki, and part 3 is an NSFW vanilla yuri doujin. Parts 1 and 2 can be a bit ranty, so feel free to skip to part 2 or 3. It's optional, but if you would be willing, please tell me what you think of these stories!

Part 1: Absolute Cherry Blossom (SFW reflective)

%https://www.evernote.com/shard/s332/sh/6f28854f-b314-3424-d2dc-c4e942102346/my8jlSoE9v9r-brlnJdai_lEDAsMOrpnmBzc97O1QMw146eKuoadvFxqfA

Part 2: Yuuki x Yuuki (Light NSFW)

%https://www.evernote.com/shard/s332/sh/d91dea10-8400-18c4-a599-053231128013/hiNqnHcy0PR4QwcGv8mf2aZDXi-IbDZbQlYcO3Hevt_uoFCACtWjrvFUIg

Part 3: Sweet As Sakura ~ 桜の夢 (NSFW yuri) (contains sex)

%https://www.evernote.com/shard/s332/sh/6de0c360-9591-7eca-42eb-2eef4db1b1ea/ieDZJ2hPR5uMfduBYIpa5QRQPa3Nw0tbMa2N1PEEMrwkN3OSD7oChcdB6Q

The longer I stand here, the louder the silence

I know that you're gone but sometimes I swear that I hear your voice when the wind blows so I talk to the shadows hoping you might be listening because I want you to know

This life is so hollow without you, my sweet imouto from the virtual world.

