The neurologist’s secretary

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2022-04-20 16:14

This story involves a young man on his first day in a new job being actively preventing from going to the bathroom and the consequences of that. His older female boss is rather controlling and firm!

###

Jay walked confidently into the atrium of the modern hospital acceptance letter in hand and a small backpack on his back. Dressed in smart trousers, shirt, and tie he hoped to make a good impression on his first day.

“Good morning. My name is Jayden Tenny and I am here for the position of secretary to Dr. Ellis Hyndford, paediatric neurologist.”

“If you could wait here sir I’ll call that department and get someone to come down for you.”

Jay waited nervously looking around the atrium with its web of signs and shops with shutters down and cleaners buffeting floors. He’d been interviewed in another office building so wasn’t actually familiar with the huge city hospital at all. Finally someone approached him, shook his hand, and asked him to follow them. He was lead down a maze of corridors, up a stairway and down a carpeted shorter corridor to a small office.

“This is where you’ll be based. Dr Ellis-Hyndford should be with you shortly. I’m afraid I need to leave now but if you just wait here you’ll be fine. Oh would you like a tea or coffee though?”

Jay accepted a tea and was delighted when a few minutes later he was brought a proper mug with tea just how he requested: no sugar, just a splash of milk and brown enough to actually taste the flavour. He sat in the wheeled office chair facing the wedged open door looking at the computer in front of him and wondering if he should turn it on. Would someone train him he wondered? He sipped at his tea looking around the room waiting patiently when suddenly a tall, blond, intimidating older woman marched in.

“Thank God they finally got me a replacement secretary! What on earth? And you are?”

Jay reached out his hand to shake the female’s hand which she hadn’t even offered.

“I’m Jayden Tenny. I am here to fill the position of secretary to paediatric neurologist Dr. Ellis Hyndford. I am sorry if I am in the wrong office?”

“They sent me…a man? Oh come on! This is a joke right? I don’t have time for this nonsense today! Look, can you type? You know shorthand? You can answer a phone properly? I’ll deal with the board later on this but for now you’ll need to do! I have a clinic at 9am sharp and a huge backlog of emails. They gave you a log in did they?”

“Yes mam. I can assure you I can type well, I am skilled in shorthand and my telephone manner is excellent. Would you like me to answer it right now?”

“Of course I would! What did you think a secretary did? I can’t actually believe they expect me to work with a…man! This is madness! Answer that then just log on and email me downstairs when you can. My email address is on my card on the desk right there. I’ll forward the link to my voice memos for you to type up. I have GP’s, nurses and parents going mad for urgent replies and letters. Four months behind we are now! Four months! I can’t see this working but I need someone urgently so let’s see what you can do!”

As Jay picked up the ringing phone he watched the woman turn and storm out the room, his heart racing. He’d assumed Dr. Ellis Hyndford would be male for a start and that he’d be somewhat more welcoming and friendly too. She was, clearly, all female, fiery, sharp tongued and…well pretty fit looking for an older woman..but he absolutely wasn’t here for that! He blinked, turned away from the door, switched on the computer and used the log in on his letter to do what he’d been instructed. He could prove to the doctor he was every bit as good as any other secretary, if not better. By tomorrow she’d be delighted to have him he told himself as the website loaded and he searched how to send an email.

Before long Jay had familiarised himself with the website, received a pile of emails from the doctor, began typing up referrals and clinic notes and letters from the many voice memos the doctor had sent over and mastered answering calls quickly and efficiently at the same time. In fact he had an entire page of telephone memos already as he looked at his empty mug wishing he knew where he could make himself another cuppa. As if somehow reading his mind suddenly the lady from earlier walked past, looked in smiling, and asked if he wanted another tea.

“Yes please! Can I ask what I do with all these phone notes for the doctor too? Will she be back up for them?”

“Those all for Geraldine? She’s in clinic until lunch time then she usually pops up for lunch and she’ll get them then. Was it just milk you took?”

“There’s a few urgent ones asking her to call back today though?”

“She’ll get them later. Best not to interrupt her or get on her bad side. She goes through secretaries like I go through hot dinners! I give you a week at most! Actually less since she can’t stand men!”

Jay sat open mouthed as the girl walked away. What had he got himself into? A week at most? He couldn’t quit after such a short time. He needed the money far too much for starters and he wanted to prove to his mum that paying his college fees was worth the investment. He was determined to outlast everyone else by a long way. He set back to typing as the phone rang again and by the time he’d hung up the girl was walking in with another mug of tea.

It was almost 1pm when Dr Geraldine Ellis-Hyndford walked along the carpeted corridor in plain view of Jay. By then he had finished his second mug of tea, typed up more than 20 letters, had two full sheets of A4 paper of telephone notes for the doctor and he was tapping his foot eagerly looking forward to his lunch break and hopefully finding a loo.

“Excuse me, doctor Ellis-Hyndford? There’s some really urgent messages here for you.”

“Oh. Yes. I forgot about you! You got my emails ok? I’ll pop in to talk to you after lunch. You did bring lunch with you, didn’t you?”

“Yes. I wasn’t sure what the arrangements would be so I brought something with me and something to drink. Is there like a staff room we go to or something?”

“Staffroom? Oh you’re hilarious! Put the phone on answer machine for half an hour and then get back to it. I’ll pop by after I’ve had my break. Jeez…staffroom! God that’s so funny!”

“No problem. Could I maybe…”

But it was too late. The doctor had walked away and Jay was left on his own staring at the open door for the second time that day.

He got off his seat for the first time since arriving and headed to the door of the room which was wedged open and looked down the corridor in both directions. There was no sign of the doctor nor of the girl from earlier and hearing the phone ringing yet again Jay sighed and walked back to the desk. He tapped his foot whilst writing another note for his boss. He didn’t mind staying in the room to eat but he really needed to find a toilet soon before the doctor came to see him for her phone messages. Those mugs of tea had filled his bladder quicker than he expected.

After another check in the corridor and even a tentative quick explore up and down a few steps in each direction Jay decided he had better start eating so that he was finished in time for the neurologist returning. Surely someone might pass and he could ask them where the toilets were? However, by the time Jay had eaten his wrap and crisps and finished a bottle of water not one person had passed the room and his need to pee was increasing fast! With the door wide open he worried about openly holding himself or acting in any way unprofessional but as time crept on his legs were scissoring in and out frequently and his hand was pressed on his upper leg more and more. He was bursting for the loo and regretting those two teas from earlier!

Half an hour passed and Jay could hear yet another call going to voicemail so he let it end before retrieving the messages one by one and writing them all down, all the time swinging his legs and squirming on the wheeled office seat. He was just finishing writing the final one when he felt a shadow looming at the open door.

“So? You said I had some urgent messages?”

“Oh yes! Yes you do doctor! In fact quite a few! I wrote them all down for you and I have used a yellow highlighter to show the most urgent ones. There’s a patient on the children’s ward, wait I have it here, yes here it is. Ward 6B. An 8 year old with complex epilepsy and they want you to see her today. A Dr Maddox from Gillingham asked you to call him urgently about a patient, Samuel Brownlee, too. Then there was a parent calling asking for an urgent word with you about their son. They said his condition is deteriorating and you said to call right away if there were any changes apparently. I took their number. They are all here for you.”

Jay stood and handed the A4 papers to the doctor realising he was shaking a little in fear and bouncing in desperation too. He had to ask about access to a bathroom as soon as possible. Not only did his poor bladder have the contents now of two mugs of tea but now the bottle of water with his lunch was filling it even more!

“Right. I see. This is far from ideal though…what did you say your name was? Didn’t you think to write each of these separately? This is so..messy! Have you managed to type any of my voice memos out? Don’t tell me you made as much mess of those too?”

Jay turned the screen of the computer round to face the neurologist so she could see his current letter he was typing. He looked at the date.

“I’ve got up to…February the 9th? I’d have done a lot more if I hadn’t had to keep answering the…”

“Can’t you multitask? Oh of course you can’t! What was I thinking! You’re a male! For God’s sake can’t you even stand still?”

“I’m really sorry doctor! I haven’t stopped all morning and I was offered a couple of mugs of tea and…”

The neurologist looked at Jay suspiciously but curiously. Her eyes met his before she looked him up and down smirking.

“Ok. Ok. Maybe I should give you more of a chance. You do seem to be trying after all. So bring up the very first memo you typed up this morning and I’ll see how you have got on so far. Most of them need printed and signed anyway so I can correct anything before we do that. Wait here one minute and I’ll be right back!”

Jay couldn’t help giving his dick a quick squeeze as Dr Ellis-Hyndford walked briskly out of the room in her heeled shoes as he bent forwards and searched the computer for the first file he created hours previously. If the neurologist planned on going through each item he’d typed it was obvious they would be busy for quite some time but there was no way he could hold his bladder that much longer. Pushing his crotch against the solid desk he jumped and almost leaked as the tall intimidating doctor walked back in carrying another wheeled office chair.

“Now I am a VERY busy person. You do understand that? These files are of the utmost importance as they carry confidential information on the health of my patients and their treatment. A mistake can not just cost you your job but could cost a person their life. I do NOT accept mistakes. Not when it comes to my patients. So let me see the first one please.”

Jay nervously pulled up the first file he had typed up that morning still standing awkwardly, still absolutely dying for the toilet. As the doctor read over his typing meticulously Jay could feel his cheeks redden. So many of the technical terms were out of his comfort zone and this was only his second administration job since finishing college. Even more than that though he couldn’t properly stand still now and that fact embarrassed him so much, especially in front of his boss on his first day.

“Mmm. Better than I expected. I see you left the our reference and your reference parts blank and the patient hospital numbers. So here’s how you get those numbers. You click here for the your reference code. It’s just the date and my initials and then to access the patients hospital number you click here, complete their details, then copy and paste into this bit here. Are you getting this?”

“Yes. That looks easy enough. Actually doctor I know your time is valuable and you have a lot to do but would it be possible if I had a quick break for a few minutes? It’s just that…I’m really sorry but would it be ok if I just ran to the toilet before we get to the next one? I have been needing to go for ages.”

Dr Ellis-Hyndford turned and looked at Jay, abruptly staring over her glasses disdainfully .

“I beg your pardon? Do you think I have time for you to go anywhere? Oh for goodness sake would you answer that phone while I complete these references and patient numbers and get these printed. I don’t have time for this you know! Now answer that please!”

Jay turned to answer the phone acting as professional as possible despite feeling crippled with an urgent need to urinate.

“Dr. Ellis-Hyndford’s paediatric neurologist, Winchester City hospital, secretary speaking. How may I help you?”

Scribbling down the details Jay squirmed obviously as he slid the note towards the doctor. Clearly recognising the name she wrote back to tell him to pass the call through before she took the phone and proceeded to continue the call. Meanwhile Jay sat back in his seat wriggling around trying his hardest not to grab himself but failing miserably. He’d never felt so embarrassed in his life nor so absolutely desperate for the toilet. Frightened he might even have an accident he got up from the seat and paced around behind the Dr back and forth in front of the window bending forwards, dancing, squirming and squeezing himself more than he’d ever done in his life.

Still the doctor continued on with the call. Jay tried getting eye contact with her hoping she might even point to where the loos were but she just stared at him angrily scowling and clearly annoyed at his behaviour. Despite her clear disgust Jay was frantic as he rushed towards the open door cupping his crotch longing to find someone to show him to a bathroom. He looked back in the room at the doctor as he pointed to the left but she shook her head to communicate that wasn’t the way to the toilets. So he pointed right but she simply shook her head once more before suddenly standing up and abruptly kicking the door stop away and letting the door close over!

Jay was close to tears returning to his seat and kneading his crotch, urgently bent forwards and fidgeting like a little child.He couldn’t wait much longer no matter how much he tried! His poor dick was shaking and he could feel his bladder pulsing as spasm after spasm caused him to quietly moan and wriggle and bounce more than ever before. This was so embarrassing!

Finally Dr Ellis-Hyndford put the phone down and turned to face Jay.

“There’s a couple of mistakes in some of your reports. I don’t allow mistakes, as I said. I need the patient hospital numbers added in correctly and the references and all the mistakes corrected. Quickly! My time is in demand you know!”

“Yes mam, but first please may I be excused just a moment? I really do have to go to the bathroom rather urgently!”

“What! You’re just this minute finished your lunch break! In this job you see to your personal needs in your personal time NOT on my time! You understand?”

“But…but I haven’t been shown where they are so I couldn’t go during lunch and it really is an emergency mam!”

“Emergency? Have you any idea what that word even means? Brain tumours are an emergency! Increased intracranial pressure is an emergency! Prolonged epileptic seizures are an emergency…but a grown man with a little desire to get rid of waste liquid from his body is NOT an emergency by my standards. Now I need these files yesterday! Get typing!”

Jay shuffled closer to the computer his hand tightly grasping his dick for dear life. Whatever his boss thought this most definitely WAS an emergency to him and any second now his poor aching bladder would surely explode everywhere! The overbearing neurologist stared at him intently as he couldn’t help leaning forwards and gasping as another bladder spasm hit.

“And you can sit properly while you’re at it! Slouching like that is bad for your back!”:

Jay did his best to sit more upright tensing his back and thighs as much as possible as he copied and pasted the next hospital number into the report. Meanwhile the doctor stood staring at him smirking, almost laughing at his predicament. Jay could feel his face redden more and hear his own heart thumping as he used a hand to grip the office table as hard as possible. It was too much though and when the phone rang yet again making him lose concentration and jump he could feel the tip of his penis swell and moisten. The familiar surge of warmth zooming fast up his urethra told him in no uncertain terms what was about to happen and even with a writhe on the seat and almost standing to try and stop it it was too late as a large trickle of warm liquid leaked out of his weary penis into his clean boxers and smart trousers.

“Dr. Ellis-Hyndford’s paediatric neurologist, Winchester City hospital, secretary speaking. How may I help you?”, Jay said breathlessly as more warmth spread between his legs and down his thigh.

“Hi, This is Dr Maddox from Gillingham general practice. Would it be possible to speak to Dr Ellis-Hyndford as a matter of urgency?”

“Please hold on and I will see if she’s available for you.”

Jay looked the neurologist right in the eye as he stood up to hand the receiver over to her as tears nipped his eyes and pee poured out from his throbbing dick. Despite her bullying, harshness and abruptness there was a spark in the corner of her eye he couldn’t quite decipher in his utter humiliation. Had she actually enjoyed seeing him so desperate and begging to use the toilet? Was this some sort of control game she got a thrill from? As he stood there in warm drenched suit trousers so many thoughts consumed him.

So was this why no secretary lasted longer than a week here and why did this esteemed in demand neurologist hate men so much? He was determined that however much strength and determination it took he’d stay exactly where he was long enough to find out more. Tomorrow he’d just make sure to have another pair of trousers in his bag just in case.

