She wouldn’t let him go: the girlfriend

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-02-14 01:05

She wouldn’t let him go: the girlfriend

The snow kept falling and the call outs kept coming. As a heating engineer Dave loved winter because of the pay but the hours were long and the days short. It was day ten of below freezing temperatures and he was at his second last call out of the day. Another case of frozen pipes. The elderly couple were delighted to see him at last and even before he looked at the boiler he could hear the kettle boiling.

‘Can we offer you a coffee in return for heating and hot water?’

Dave rarely turned down hot coffee on such a cold day. He was also glad to hear the kettle boil as he would be asking for the hot water soon enough to sort the pipes outside. The householder was happy to hand him the kettle but even after using hot water the pipes were still solid. For the seventh time that day Dave found himself hammering on pipes full of ice to try and thaw them out. All the time drinking the delicious mug of coffee he continued in every way he knew to break up the ice. Finally he could hear small ice cubes and water dripping and he began the process of restarting and resetting the boiler. He filled in the forms, handed the empty mug to the customer and packed his tools to leave.

Back in the van he checked his work phone for the final call out. It was in the same town but still some distance away. Getting out the street took over twenty minutes as the wheels of work van slid back and forth on the treacherous icy road. Finally he secured some traction and safely arrived at another property. It was getting dark and the snow was getting heavier. Dave pulled on his winter coat and took his tool box in with him. The same fault again and as before the lovely customer offered him a hot drink. Knowing he was heading home right after this Dave initially turned down the offer but when the pipes took longer to clear and he was offered again he smiled and accepted, grateful to hold a warm mug in his freezing hands.

By six o’clock he was finally finished and text his girlfriend Demi to say he was on his way home. Strapping his seat belt on Dave started his engine, his mind wandering to a hot bath, a warm meal and, as he wriggled to get comfortable, a trip to the toilet. That needed to be first of all because he hadn’t been since he left for work and, as always, his bladder was full. Demi was used to him racing in and running into the downstairs loo, sometimes before he even said hi to her because he couldn’t wait. She’d joked a few times that one day she might just lock the door and make him wait, at least until he’d said hi to her, but thankfully she never had.

The traffic was slower than normal and heavier. The snow was falling faster and the road, while gritted, was still slippery. While Dave was hungry, tired and nursing a full bladder, safety was still a priority so he cut his speed and took care at every roundabout, junction and traffic light. The closer he got to home the more he could feel his bladder throb. Thank goodness, he thought, that he had a downstairs loo. Just the idea of having to try and make it upstairs in his current state made him cringe. Sitting at lights he pressed his crotch and rubbed it just enough to take the edge off. It was true he loved Demi, he loved her cooking too, but mostly right now he loved the fact he was getting closer to having an epic release as his dick tingled in anticipation. It tingled a little too much as he had to squirm in the seat and grab himself as it threatened to burst sitting in the van.

‘Come on traffic. I really gotta go here!’

But it seemed the more desperate he was the slower the traffic moved. Dave clenched his fists as he squeezed. He bounced and shook a leg every time he was stationary and he tapped the steering wheel in frustration time and time again.

‘Come on!’

Finally he parked in his own driveway. Forced to grab himself in a most undignified way he was grateful it was dark so no-one could see. Locking the van he hobbled to the front door moaning under his breath with adrenaline pumping through him as he urgently headed for his own toilet for desperate release from the pressure. Even though dinner smelt delicious he couldn’t even think about anything else as he closed the front door, a hand still covering his crotch, as he raced through the kitchen to the nearest loo.

‘Hi Dave!’

Dave wanted to answer but first he just needed to piss. He raised a hand to acknowledge Demi but he was unable to stop as urine surged to the very tip of his penis ready to surge out any second. He grabbed the handle frantically and pulled it down, pushing with his full body. His shoulder pushed against the door as it remained shut.

‘Shit! What!’

‘It’s locked Dave!’

Angry and shocked Dave turned to face Demi, his mouth panting and his heart pounding. He looked only at her face.

‘Demi this isn’t funny! I’m dying for a piss honey! Oh shit! Come on unlock it before I piss myself!’

Demi stood in silence stirring the meal.

‘What? What do you want? Just fucking unlock this toilet NOW! Come on darling...I’m dribbling!’

Dave squirmed like a toddler, both hands on his crotch, his legs bouncing and squirming in obvious desperation.

‘Look Dave I’m sick of being ignored. You race in here every night and run to the bathroom without so much of a hi. Two nights ago I put highlights in my hair and you ran past me and still ignored me. Last night I put my hair up, put make up on and even put on that fitted jumper you love...and still you ran right past me to the toilet first! Well tonight here I am cooking dinner for you like this...and STILL you don’t even say hi or kiss me before you go to the loo! What more do I need to do? Do you actually even fancy me?’

Dave squeezed his throbbing damp manhood hard as he swallowed hard and wiped sweat from his brow. Raising his head he looked at his girlfriend who was now facing him. She looked stunning dressed only in a red lace bra and matching thongs with stockings, suspenders and shiny black high heels. His eyes widened as he gasped for air.

‘Fucking hell! You are...beautiful Demi! Adorable. So sexy honey. Oh Jesus I’m dribbling! Please please honey...I’ll kiss you all night, give you whatever you want...but I’m begging you to let me piss first. Oh Shit! I’ll be right back babe...I need to go!’

Dave bent forwards and moaned as he felt another leak. Not wanting to humiliate himself any more he decided to get upstairs to the en-suite as a matter of urgency. Running through the kitchen towards the hall and stairs he froze as Demi shouted.

‘That one’s locked too by the way!’

Dave turned, bent forward in agony as a wet patch became obvious on his work trousers.

‘Demi! Please! I’ve leaked! I’m seriously starting to wet myself babe. Don’t do this to me.’

‘Prove to me I am more important than your bladder Dave. That’s all I need to know.’

Grimacing Dave hobbled back to the kitchen towards his beautiful sexy girlfriend. Her large boobs more than filled the bra and if he wasn’t gagging for a piss he’d definitely have his hands all over Demi. His dick would certainly have been desiring her greatly but right now it couldn’t even get half hard as it ached so badly to pee. Keeping one hand tightly on his crotch the other ran through Demi’s long curly hair, something which ordinarily sent shivers through him.

Touching her cheek tenderly Dave heard her whisper enticingly.

‘Kiss me honey. Please.’

His brow creased with pressure, his heart pounding, his dick throbbing, Dave’s face drew closer to Demi’s as their eyes met and lips touched. The familiar, soft, warm feeling of Demi’s lips usually sent hormones soaring through Dave’s body but tonight his bladder ached so much that, as nice as it was, it wasn’t having it’s usual effect. Just then another urge made Dave bend over and moan.

‘Demi please. This is really really bad. I love you honey. You are beautiful. But I gotta piss like crazy!’

Rubbing a hand over her own breasts sexually Demi smiled and smirked.

‘I know. It’s kinda sexy to see you know!’

And at that Demi grabbed her boyfriend and kissed him deeply. Dave moaned in a mixture of urgency and pleasure as he slowly gave into the passion and put both arms around the scarcely dressed sexy female in his arms. Drawing closer to her he returned the kiss as the dinner bubbled behind him and in front of him his trousers warmed and dripped with urine as his body could no longer restrain itself. Gently pushing Demi against the fridge Dave continued pissing steadily as he felt his dick harden and rise.

Still kissing Demi rubbed her hand up Dave’s trouser leg until she reached his hard dick. Stroking it and smiling Demi pulled back from the kiss as she put her thumb that was rubbing his wet trousers to her mouth and licked it laughing.

‘Fuck that feel so much better!’

‘That was fun. So my sexy wet boy tell me, were you needing that big piss for a while then?’

‘Oh yes! I was bursting the whole way home. Squirming in my van and everything.’

‘Oh you poor thing. Let’s have dinner and you can tell me all the details.’

‘Can I get changed first?’

‘Oh I think you look perfect exactly as you are. Have a seat...and a drink of course...and I’ll be over with dinner and you can tell me all about your day. You can start with all you had to drink...’

