High school teacher shame

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2020-07-01 16:56

“And then in his next play, Shakespeare emphasized other aspects of literary devices,” said Ms Casey. She was an English high school teacher in her early thirties, a little heavy around the hips and butt still hot as hell though. That day she wore her short brown hair in a bun with tight tan pants, brown shoes, a white t shirt with orange dress jacket over it. “So for our n—-next chapter t-tomorrow,” Ms Casey stuttered.

Her morning coffees had well worked their way through her and were pushing against her abdomen with great force. She was taking tiny steps keeping her legs tight together and crossing ever so slightly as to not draw too much attention to her dilemma. But the pressure was becoming so unbearable she could barely stand at this point. But she knew if she sat down it be too heavy, she wouldn’t be able to get up with her huge bladder!

Oh why oh why when she raced to the bathroom at the end of last period did the janitor have to be cleaning it?! Teachers were forced to share one person bathrooms on their floors, one for males one for females, students only had a couple toilets in their bathroom anyways.

Just then a sharp stab sparked through her belly and she held it, crossing her ankles and shutting her eyes as some students giggled at the notice of her discomfort. Oh the humiliation.

‘Man oh man!’ Ms Casey thought to herself. ‘I don’t know how much longer I can last! My bladder is seriously about to explode and flood everywhere!’ That’s when a large spasm came, so painful, so erotic that she felt moisture start to break through the cracks of her pussy and she tapped her foot aggressively. Luckily the bell rang as beads of sweat swarmed down her head.

“Don’t forget time study for tomorrow’s vocab quiz everyone!” She said as she grabbed her bag and raced out the door.

###

“So just review those chapters and you’ll be fine jimmy.” Ms Trina said as she unlocked the bathroom door with her teacher key saying good bye to a student as they headed off.

Ms Casey wrestled gently through the crowd of people as she made her way to the bathroom door and struggled to put the key in. She wrestled with the door handle as she pushed the key to turn but it wouldn’t budge.

“Occupied!” Said Ms Trina.

Ms Casey danced in agony bouncing up and down barely able to hang on, almost losing it after she heard the toilet flush. When the door opened she pushed Trina aside and raced inside. She pulled her pants down fast but the flow had just started and stained her pants. She sat on the toilet and released a loud stream and put her in aww as her bladder deflated having come close to explosion. After she wiped and congratulated herself on avoiding a major accident she put on her tight white pants with no panties so they ran up her ass a little and put Sandles on. She took off her orange jacket as it became hotter out and took her bun out as well. She tossed her pants and underwear away and went to the teachers lounge to rehydrate as it got hotter and gulped down some water .

What do you think ?

*001*2020-07-01 23:03

Did no one like this? I was going to continue it but

