Reasons She Couldn’t Go: Trapped

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-08-09 23:55

Reasons she couldn’t go: trapped

Brittany loved the coast. The sea always calmed her even on the stormiest of days. The only daughter of an international businessman Brittany had inherited a substantial amount of money when her dad died and invested it in her beloved and treasured 8th floor apartment overlooking the sea. The view was what sold it to her, that and the long open balcony she could sit on and have panoramic views of the sun setting at night. One day she hoped to share it with someone special, but for now she made do with Snowy her Persian cat.

Brittany didn’t earn a fraction of what her father had, nor her mother who had remarried and moved abroad after her father’s death, but as a fashion designer she knew many A list celebrities and socialised with a lot of people of money. Brittany knew how to look the part with exclusive well fitted clothing, high sparkling shoes and matching bag. Though her car was leased it was prestige and pristine in every way and Brittany carried herself in every way as a woman of wealth and strength.

It had been another long day for Brittany as she worked from her office an hour away in the city. She travelled widely and was familiar with the fashion industry worldwide so it wasn’t unusual for her to have another long Skype meeting with contacts in Japan and Europe. She drank expensive coffee as she finalised details on the latest deal before closing down for the weekend and heading home. The weather was awful and traffic was painfully slow as Brittany listened to the radio and sipped steadily from her iced water.

The hour drive turned into an awful two hours in horrendous weather as Brittany finally saw signs to her familiar coastal town. Deciding she was too tired to cook she pulled into the side of the road and ran into the local Chinese take away and waited as thunder and lighting ravaged loudly as her meal was prepared. Sitting waiting and watching the rain Brittany found herself crossing her legs and tapping her foot, thinking that she was feeling quite uncomfortable but assuming it was from the cold and dampness and the awful stormy, cold, and very wet weather.

The take away was quiet and before long Brittany was running back out to her car placing the meal carefully at the footwell of the passenger seat as she drove up the hill towards her apartment block, her headlights on full and windscreen wipers on fast. She turned the engine off in her allotted reserved space and grabbed her meal and ran, wishing her designer coat had a hood and mentally reminding herself to design some practical wet weather gear soon.

Usually she would be healthy and climb the 8 levels of stairs but not wanting her meal to get cold, and tired from a very long day, work, and long drive, Brittany pressed for the lift as more thunder and lightning struck. She looked forward to eating her meal as she watched the sky light up and she also, quite suddenly, realised she was also very much looking forward to using the bathroom. She swept her long wet hair back off her face as she pressed floor 8 in the lift.

The doors closed and the lift moved. Brittany stood crossed legged, her hair dripping and her designer dress damp from the waist down. She crossed her legs, looking forward to a lovely long pee before enjoying her meal. Suddenly the lift shook slightly before going silent and dark as the realisation dawned on Brittany that the lift had broken and she was trapped. The small closed cubicle she stood in now lit solely by an emergency light above her Brittany moved from foot to foot as she dug in her handbag for her mobile phone. Firstly thinking she could call someone then realising she had no idea who to even call. She had no brothers or sister, or real close friends even. Her dad was dead and her mum abroad and she didn’t even know the name of any of her neighbours. As she scrolled through her contacts she suddenly noticed that there was no point calling anyone as trapped in the lift the phone had no signal anyway!

Instead Brittany used the torch of the phone to shine around the closed in lift in search of the emergency buzzer or phone. There was just an emergency button so she pressed it and waited. It rang for a while then stopped. Alone, hungry, and now bursting for the toilet Brittany wasn’t sure what to do. She tried the button again and again it buzzed then stopped. The silence and closed in dark room made her feel more trapped than ever.

Five minutes past and time seemed to drag in as Brittany stood against the back wall of the lift crossed legged. Her stomach rumbled with hunger and the smell of her dinner was so enticing. Brittany sat on the floor and decided to look at her meal. Incredibly the shop had put disposable cutlery in with her meal and Brittany sat eating on the floor of the lift direct from the cartons her food came in feeling herself to be most undignified and common. She’d never eaten direct from a carton ever and couldn’t recall the last time she’d ever used disposable cutlery. Still it was good to eat and drink, as she guzzled from a bottle of water in her handbag from work. As she ate and drank with her bottom on the floor and her knees raised Brittany rubbed her bladder as it ached again. She so badly needed to pee.

Finishing her meal she wiped her mouth with a tissue and carefully packed the leftover containers and food into the carried bag and stood up again, pacing the lift as being upright now intensified her bladder woes. Her expensive tailored designer dress had now dried from the earlier rain as Brittany pressed against it to hold between her legs. Checking her phone she noticed her battery almost dead and still no signal so she once again pressed the emergency buzzer and was relieved to hear someone finally answer.

The call handler was reassuring and comforting and aware of the fault which had been caused by a lightening strike causing a power failure. Help was on the way she was assured but unfortunately she needed to be patient despite being trapped. Brittany was far too embarrassed to mention her problem and she only hoped there was no cameras as she paced and danced about.

@@Time passed as Brittany grew more restless, more annoyed and definitely more desperate to pee. Her foot tapped, she paced, held her bladder and grabbed between her legs constantly, all the time moaning and voicing how bursting she was. In the dim light of the confined lift Brittany found herself getting bolder the more she struggled to hold. Pulling her tights down she placed a hand directly inside her pants and massaged her vagina as she moaned in urgency. There was desperate and then there was seriously desperate and Brittany was reaching the latter fast! Tears formed in her eyes as the sudden realisation that she might not make it out dry washed through her mind. Her bladder hurt, her head spun and her pussy tingled beyond anything she had ever experienced before. Thoughts ran through her mind of being caught with a hand inside her knickers, or with a huge puddle between her legs or worse still...with her hugely expensive clothes drenched in urine. Brittany wasn’t sure which would be worse but what she did know was that she had to do something as her hand warmed with dribbles escaping as she bend over double in utter urgency to release.

Hoping someone would hear Brittany cried out ‘help! Someone help! I’m peeing myself in here! Someone help! I need the toilet urgently! Someone help me! Anyone!’

Brittany jumped as a male voice called down.

‘Hello! Is there someone down there? Do you want me to call the fire brigade? There’s been a power cut. Are you ok in there?’

Delighted to hear another human Brittany pulled her hand away, pulled up her knickers and tights and called back dancing from foot to foot.

‘Yes! I’m trapped in here. Been here almost an hour. Lift company supposed to be on way but I need out of here urgently! I’m....I’m bursting for the toilet in here!’

‘Oh dear! That isn’t good. That’s awful actually. Are you alone in there? Do you want me to call anyone?’

‘I’m alone yes. I’m ok. Except my bladder that is. Could you call the company. Tell them it’s an emergency please.’

‘Yes of course! Is there a number on the lift anywhere?’

Brittany squirmed violently as she called out the number to the mystery voice above, her heels tapping noisily on the lift floor. She could faintly hear the voice talking as she made out the building name, address and the fact she was trapped. With one hand grasping between her legs she paced the lift in frustration. She absolutely had to pee, and right now!

‘Someone’s on their way mam. They are aware you are there. Please just hold on.’

‘I bloody wish I could! I don’t think I can though.’

‘Oh gosh that is terrible. I’m sorry. All I can do is let you know I am here, if that helps at all. I once had an accident myself and it wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be. It can’t be helped if you really have no other choice.’

Brittany couldn’t believe she was talking to a stranger, a voice really, about her bladder agony, but desperation was overtaking her rational thoughts and she could feel and hear her own heart racing. She’d never wet herself and found it disgraceful but there was something intriguing, comforting even, from the male voice above hearing that someone else had reached the end of their tether and peed themselves. Brittany sobbed softly and moaned as another spasm took hold.

‘It hurts.’

‘Oh mam that’s not good. Not good at all. I think you had better just do something. I don’t know what’s easier...just let go or maybe go in a corner? Oh I am so sorry mam this must be just terrible being so desperate like you are. You do sound so distressed.’

‘I....I can’t wet myself! These clothes are....well it’s just not right is it! God I need out of here! I need a bathroom so badly!’

‘Clothes wash mam. It could be a while before you get out yet. It’s sucks I know and I just want you to know I am here.’

Brittany cried. Strong, respectable, wealthy but none the less in a situation she couldn’t control. Her bodily needs superseding everything else. Maybe the stranger was right. Her clothes could wash. Yes she’d be embarrassed and mortified but what other choice did she have? Brittany leaned against the back of the lift as she cried out and sighed simultaneously...

Her hands by her side and her body tense, warm liquid ran down her pants, tights and dress as she stepped out of her shoes as her own pee flooded the inside of her tights. She couldn’t stop though as she bend forwards and pulled her tights down as urine flowed steadily down the inside of her legs and now ran over the outside of her tights and over the top of her hideously expensive shoes. She bent her knees as more and more urine continued to pour out from between her legs until it finally steadied to a trickle before ending.

Still sobbing Brittany pulled her tights off completely and rung them out onto the floor, followed by her knickers which were completely drenched. The silence of the lift broken only by the sound of liquid being squeezed out of her garments.

‘You ok down there?’

‘Just about.’

‘It shouldn’t be much longer mam.’

‘It’s ok. I can wait now. I hope they have a mop though.’

‘If not I’ll get mine. Don’t worry. I mean what else can you do when you need to go and you are trapped?’

Whoever the male voice was he definitely had a point.

