The Store Clerk

Author: MagiYumi

*000*2025-08-07 03:31

Celeste’s exhausted gaze flicked to the digital clock glaring at her from the corner of her computer screen. The numbers felt like a taunt. 15 minutes past her scheduled shift end, and still no sign of relief.

Her usual replacement had called in with a sudden personal emergency, and upper management was scrambling to find someone to cover on such short notice. A heavy sigh escaped her lips as she shifted uncomfortably in place, the stiff fabric of her work skirt pressing just a little too tightly against her swollen abdomen.

By nature, Celeste was a patient and understanding person. She knew life happened, and emergencies were unavoidable. Logically, she did sympathize. But right now? All she could focus on was the burning, unrelenting pressure in her lower belly, the kind that made her toes curl inside her shoes with every slight movement.

She had been holding it for hours, stubbornly refusing to take a bathroom break during the busiest part of her shift, telling herself she could wait just a little longer. The moment the clock hit her official end time, she had planned to bolt for the staff restroom, finally releasing the torrent of pee her screaming bladder had been threatening to unleash.

And yet, here she was. 15 agonizing minutes behind schedule.

Her thighs were clamped together beneath the counter, one leg hooked tightly over the other in a desperate attempt to stem the tide. Every shift sent a fresh jolt of urgency through her, and she bit her lip hard enough to leave marks.

How much longer would she have to wait? The thin fabric of her light pink panties still remained dry, but the effort of holding back was starting to hurt. Each passing second making the battle harder. She could feel the weight of her bladder, swollen and heavy, pressing mercilessly against her pelvic floor.

Suddenly the phone rang.

Celeste nearly jumped at the interruption but forced herself to reach across the counter, her arm trembling slightly as she grabbed the receiver. She sucked in a sharp breath, willing her voice to remain steady.

"Hill’s Supply Store, how can I help you?" she chirped, the practiced customer-service cheeriness strained at the edges.

"Celeste, it’s me, Jenna." The voice on the other end was apologetic but relieved. "Alex just called back. He can pick up the next shift and he’ll be there in about 10 minutes."

"10 minutes," Celeste repeated, her grip tightening on the phone as her bladder gave a violent throb in response. A fresh wave of desperation crashed over her, and she squeezed her thighs together even harder, her free hand instinctively pressing against her abdomen. "O-okay. Got it. Thanks, Jenna."

She barely managed to hang up before doubling over slightly, bracing herself against the worn wooden counter for support. Standing upright was too much—it made the pressure unbearable, like her body was betraying her with every second.

10 more minutes. She could do this. She’d lasted hours already, what was another handful of agonizing moments?

Her eyes darted around the empty store. No customers lingered in the aisles, and the high counter shielded her lower half from view. Swallowing hard, she decided to risk it. Her palm jammed firmly between her legs, fingers digging into the tense muscles of her inner thighs as she applied as much pressure as she dared.

She could make it. She would make it.

– –

Celeste’s hips swayed involuntarily as she stood, a subtle but frantic rocking motion betraying her desperation. No matter how much she reassured herself: ’just 10 more minutes, you’ve held it this long, you can make it’, her body screamed in rebellion.

Every muscle in her lower abdomen clenched in protest, her bladder swollen beyond capacity, pressing mercilessly against her insides like an overfilled water balloon. She wasn’t just needing to pee anymore, she was well past that. Her entire being was reduced to a single, primal demand: Let go.

Her free hand twisted into the fabric of her dark brown work skirt, fingers trembling as they bunched the material in a white-knuckled grip. The knowledge that relief was so close, just a few torturous minutes away, only made her body rebel harder. The mental countdown in her head was a cruel taunt:

10 minutes. 10 minutes. 10—

A sudden, hot spurt of pee leaked out.

Celeste gasped as warmth gushed between her thighs, her body betraying her before she could stop it. She yanked her hand away from her crotch as if burned, her eyes darting down in panic. ‘No, no, no’ she thought.

Miraculously, her skirt still looked dry. But before she could even exhale in relief, another sharp jet of pee forced its way out, this one stronger, more insistent.

Her breath hitched. The thin cotton of her panties—once comfortably dry—now clung to her skin, soaked through with unmistakable warmth.

The sensation was maddening: the damp fabric rubbing against her swollen folds, the heat of her own pee teasing her with what she desperately needed to do. It would be so easy to just… let go. To surrender to the relief her body craved.

But she couldn’t. Not here. Not like this.

With a shaky breath, Celeste checked the clock again. 8 minutes. 8 minutes until Alex arrived, 8 minutes until she could finally sprint to the staff bathroom and empty her screaming bladder like a civilized human being. She crossed her legs tighter, her thighs pressing together so hard they trembled. She was in control. She had to be.

Then, another spurt.

This one was worse. Longer. Wetter. A visible shudder ran through her as she felt the leak spread, her panties growing damper, the fabric sticking to her skin in a way that made her whimper. At this rate, she wouldn’t last 8 minutes. She wouldn’t last 2.

Her gaze flicked up to the surveillance cameras mounted near the ceiling. They were angled toward the register and aisles, meant to deter theft, but if she positioned herself just right…

Acting on pure instinct, Celeste carefully gathered the front of her skirt, hiking it up just enough to slip a hand beneath. Her fingers dove into the waistband of her panties, pressing firmly against her soaked slit, physically pinching herself shut. A few treacherous drops escaped, wetting her fingertips, but the pressure worked.

Her eyes locked on the staff room door, then the clock, then back again, Celeste stood frozen in her absurd, desperate stance. Every second stretched into an eternity.

‘Come on, Alex. Hurry.’

– –

Time crawled forward in excruciating increments. Her fingers ached from the relentless pressure of pinching herself shut, her thighs trembled from the strain of staying clenched, and her bladder pulsed with a deep, throbbing agony, swollen far beyond its limits.

7 minutes.

6 minutes.

5 minutes.

Just as she dared to hope she might survive this torment, her heart plummeted. A customer, a young man with a full basket, was making his way toward the counter.

Celeste nearly sobbed in despair. This meant standing up straight. This meant moving her hand. This meant surrendering the last shreds of control she had left.

With a quiet, shuddering whimper, she forced herself into action. Her damp fingers reluctantly withdrew from beneath her skirt, her legs stiffly uncrossing as she straightened her posture. Every movement sent fresh waves of desperation crashing through her, her bladder now bearing the full, unbearable weight of hours of neglect.

She plastered on a smile, her voice miraculously steady. "Good afternoon, sir. Did you find everything okay?"

"Yes, I did," the man replied cheerfully, oblivious to her torment as he began unloading his items onto the counter.

And then, the floodgates trembled. Standing upright was a death sentence for her restraint. Without the counter to lean against, without her hand as a barricade, the sheer pressure inside her was unbearable. Her pelvic muscles, exhausted from hours of clenching, gave their first true surrender.

A scalding jet of pee spurted out as she reached for the first item, her thighs jerking in a futile attempt to clamp down. The warmth spread instantly, seeping through her already-damp panties, tracing a hot path down her inner thighs.

"That’s great to hear," she managed, her customer-service voice eerily calm even as her mind screamed in panic.

The rhythmic beep of the scanner became a morbid countdown to her humiliation.

Beep.

"Do you have any coupons you’d like to use today?" she asked, her nails digging into her palm as another forceful spurt escaped, the wetness pooling between her legs.

Beep.

"No coupons, but I have a membership card," the customer replied, fishing it out of his wallet.

A three-second leak. A steady trickle, her bladder seizing in relief as warmth gushed freely into her panties, the fabric utterly saturated. A thin stream traced down her thighs, the tickling sensation impossible to ignore.

Beep.

"Very good, please scan your card in the reader," she instructed, her voice tight.

Two hard, back-to-back spurts followed, her control crumbling in real time. Her skirt would hide the worst of it, but she wouldn’t make it to the bathroom properly.

Celeste's breath hitched as the final threads of her control unraveled. The warmth spreading through her panties confirmed what she already knew, she'd lost the battle. There was no stopping it now. The only thing left to do was minimize the damage.

With deliberate slowness, she uncrossed her trembling legs, shifting her stance wider beneath the concealment of her skirt. Her fingers tightened around the edge of the counter as she made the conscious decision to surrender. A shudder ran through her body as her overstrained muscles finally relaxed, releasing their iron grip on her tortured bladder.

The first hot rush came with terrifying ease, a heavy stream pouring straight through her soaked underwear and splattering onto the industrial carpet below. The faint patter of liquid hitting fibers blended seamlessly with the store's generic pop music.

This wasn't the explosive relief of finally reaching a toilet. This was something far more humiliating—a slow, inevitable surrender as her body took over despite her mental protests.

Even as warm pee soaked through her panties and trickled down her thighs, some stubborn part of her mind kept screaming to stop, to clench, to maintain some semblance of dignity while standing at her register in full uniform.

For three agonizing heartbeats, she actually managed to stem the flow through sheer willpower. But her bladder, pushed far beyond its limits, would not be denied. Another hot gush escaped, this one stronger, the stream splashing audibly against the growing dark spot on the carpet.

Beep.

The scanner's cheerful tone snapped her back to reality. With practiced ease, she slid the customer's last item across the reader, her voice steady.

"Your total will be $35.59." The words came out smoother now, laced with the physical relief she couldn't acknowledge. As the customer fumbled for his wallet, another five-second torrent escaped, adding to the expanding puddle beneath her.

The electronic register chimed as the transaction completed. "Thank you for shopping at Hill's Supply Store!" Her customer service smile never wavered even as she felt the longest release yet, a ten-second trickle that continued unabated while the oblivious customer turned toward the exit.

Beneath her skirt, the damage was done. Her panties clung hot and soaked to her skin, the waistband the only remaining dry fabric. The carpet bore clear evidence of her accident, though the dark pattern mercifully obscured the worst of it. As the door swung shut behind the customer, Celeste allowed herself a single shaky exhale.

Celeste's eyes darted to the clock. Three minutes. Just three more minutes until Alex would arrive. The small release had taken the edge off her desperation, but her bladder still felt painfully full. If anything, the brief relief had only made her more aware of how much more she still needed to go. She could feel the remaining pee sloshing heavily inside her, a liquid weight that shifted dangerously with every movement.

The cooling wetness between her thighs brought her back to her immediate problem. She couldn't let Alex walk in to find a puddle on the floor– or worse, have him stand in it during his shift. The humiliation of that discovery sent a wave of heat to her cheeks.

Bending her knees carefully, she crouched behind the counter, the change in position causing another hot spurt to escape before she could clamp down. Her teeth sank into her lower lip as she fought for control.

Beneath the counter, her frantic gaze searched for anything that could mask her accident. Then she saw it - a forgotten glass bottle of soda, left over from inventory and waiting to be restocked. A plan formed quickly in her mind: she could claim she'd dropped it. The measly $1.50 price tag would be a small price to pay to save her dignity.

With trembling hands, she twisted the cap, the hiss of escaping carbonation sounding absurdly loud in the quiet store. Tilting the bottle, she watched as the soda cascaded over the evidence of her shame, the dark liquid mixing with and obscuring the telltale puddle. The sweet, syrupy scent quickly overpowered any other odors.

Straightening up carefully, she recrossed her legs, the remaining pressure in her bladder making itself known with a fresh pang of urgency. The dampness in her panties had turned from a comforting warmth to an uncomfortable chill, but thankfully, her skirt appeared perfectly dry as did her shoes. That allowed her to maintain at least the illusion of composure.

Leaning against the counter for support, Celeste fixed her eyes on the store's employee entrance, every second stretching into an eternity as she waited for her replacement. The soda bottle, now empty, sat innocently on the counter beside her. She just needed to hold on a little longer. Just until Alex arrived. Then she could finally, reach the blessed relief of the staff bathroom.

– –

The employee entrance opened, and Celeste nearly sobbed in relief when Alex hurried in, slightly out of breath. His cheeks were flushed from rushing, and he immediately offered an apologetic smile. “Sorry I took so long,” he said, completely unaware that his timing had been the difference between her maintaining her dignity and total disaster.

Celeste waved him off with a tight-lipped smile, her voice strained but still professional. “No, no, it’s fine! Really. Heads up the floors’ a bit sticky” She gestured vaguely at the sticky soda puddle near the counter, her cheeks burning. “I dropped a bottle earlier. My bad.”

She shifted her weight from foot to foot, her thighs pressed together so tightly they trembled. Every second standing there was agony—her bladder, already pushed beyond its limits, pulsed with urgency, threatening another leak if she so much as breathed wrong.

With a quick, overly bright goodbye, she turned on her heel and walked—not ran, because she refused to humiliate herself further—toward the staff room. But the moment she was out of sight, her composure cracked.

The staff room door swung shut behind her, and Celeste moved. Dignity abandoned, she bolted for the bathroom, her shoes squeaking against the linoleum. Her fingers fumbled with the doorknob before she all but slammed her shoulder into it, throwing it open with enough force to make the hinges rattle.

There was no time for niceties. No time to carefully pull down her panties—not that it mattered, given how thoroughly drenched they already were. She simply hiked up her skirt and practically fell onto the toilet seat.

Release.

A hot, violent jet of pee burst free the second her body registered safety, splashing loudly against the porcelain in a torrent so forceful it echoed in the small bathroom. Celeste gasped, her entire body shuddering as the pressure inside her finally gave way.

The relief was euphoric. Her legs trembled uncontrollably, her toes curling in her shoes as wave after wave of pent-up desperation rushed out of her, unimpeded by the thin fabric of her panties.

The sound of her pee hitting the water was near-deafening, a steady, unrelenting stream that showed no signs of stopping anytime soon.

Tears pricked at the corners of her eyes—partly from the sheer physical relief, partly from the emotional whiplash of the last torturous minutes. She slumped forward, her elbows resting on her knees as she let out a heavy, shuddering sigh.

She’d made it.

The tension drained from her body along with the last of her control, leaving her boneless and breathless. For a long, blissful moment, there was nothing but the sound of running water, the warmth between her thighs, and the overwhelming knowledge that she had somehow survived without fully pissing herself.

Her uninterrupted flow lasted over 2 minutes. As the initial torrent tapered off, she leaned forward slightly, pressing a hand against her lower abdomen to coax out every last drop. A final few trickles escaped, the last stubborn remnants of her hours-long ordeal.

The relief was so profound it left her momentarily lightheaded. After wiping herself with slightly trembling hands, she took stock of her situation. The immediate crisis was over, but the aftermath remained. Her ruined underwear.

The once-delicate pink panties were now thoroughly soaked, the wet cotton uncomfortably cold against her thighs. There was no way she could endure the entire drive home still wearing them.

The moisture would inevitably seep through to her skirt, leaving telltale damp patches on the car seat. Just the thought of her vehicle smelling like pee made her nose wrinkle in disgust.

With careful movements, Celeste hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and peeled them down her legs. The wet fabric resisted slightly before sliding free, leaving a trail of cool air against her newly-bared skin.

Standing up to flush, she held the damp garment at arm's length, studying it with a mix of resignation and distaste. The bathroom's limited amenities presented a problem. No hand dryers, just the flimsy paper towel dispenser on the wall.

Running the sink's cold water, Celeste thoroughly rinsed out the panties, watching as the clear stream washed away any lingering traces of her accident. She twisted the fabric tightly between her hands, wringing out as much moisture as possible, droplets pattering against the porcelain basin. The material remained stubbornly damp, there would be no wearing them again today.

After laying out a generous stack of paper towels on the counter, Celeste folded the wet panties into a neat bundle and wrapped them securely, layer after layer, until she was certain no moisture could seep through.

The final package was bulky but discreet, something she could tuck into the depths of her purse without drawing attention. And a quick sniff test confirmed the paper towels had effectively masked any remaining odor.

With one last glance in the mirror to ensure her appearance was presentable, Celeste squared her shoulders and pushed open the bathroom door.

The walk out of the store felt strangely liberating yet vulnerable, the unfamiliar sensation of going commando beneath her skirt making her hyper-aware of every movement.

The afternoon sun greeted her as she stepped into the parking lot, her car waiting to take her home, where a fresh pair of underwear and, hopefully, no more bathroom emergencies awaited.

