Exotic girl

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-12-13 23:29

A young man made Holliday in a very exotic country. He did like to travel and he have seen already many parts of the world, but he was the first time in that country.

The guy is wealthy and usual at his vacations he took for the first days a escort girl for sightseeing and for his personal fun and pleasure.

There have been some different ways in the past to rent a girl.

He did like to do it via internet, because there were pictures from their face and their body and there were informations about their height and their weight and he could choose a for him perfect girl this way.

At some countries was it common to order a escort at the hotel reception.

This time was different.

Before he started his journey he did read about a special escort service in the city and there he went on the first day after arriving.

It was like a exclusive club. There were many girls and women from 18 to 50 years old, from extreme skinny to thick and chubby and there were boys and men as well.

The men -Mike - was very impressed about the generous exotic ambience of the rooms and about the exquisite offer of girls and boys.

He was invited for a drink and was getting told the rules, the conditions and the price of their services.

It was a very special agency with the best developed and best trained staff members for the best contentment and satisfaction for their customers.

The staff is ordered to satisfy all wishes of their customers.

That was sounding very good for Mike, because he had some special dreams and wishes.

He did love it if a girl is needing to wee very urgently, but don’t go, or can’t go. It was so arousing for him, to know that a girl is holding a very full bladder for a very long period of time.

Maybe that one of those pretty girls will be willing to hold her wee for him, he thought to himself.

He did choose a girl who was exactly like he loved girls, young, but over 18, very slim, slender well shaped legs and a pretty face.

Mike did rent her from the next morning until midnight, with the option for the night and for some days more.

He didn’t know if she would satisfy his lust to let him make her bladder very, very full and to hold her wee for him and therefore he did take her for now one day.

Next morning she came early in the morning to the hotel, for to take a breakfast together.

The girl was gorgeous and absolutely sexy dressed.

The super short summer dress let show Mike a lot of her slim, naked thighs.

He and his little friend in his trousers did love that view.

After breakfast, she was a perfect guide and showed him places of the city.

They had lunch, before they were going on with sightseeing.

At afternoon a stop in a coffee shop and at evening they had a great dinner in a expensive restaurant.

The girl had not been at a toilet since they were together.

Mike couldn’t stop to think at the girls bladder and about how full her bladder must have been after such a long time.

He was twice at the toilet, once at lunch and another time after the dinner. The girl was always waiting at the table until he came back and had not weed even once since early morning.

After dinner they were at the hotel bar.

Mike was already very horny about it and could not resist to say „ you have not been at the toilet all day long, don’t you not need to wee at any time?“

“Thank you for to be so thoughtful.

Sure i would need to wee, but i am not allowed to go.“ answered the girl.

„You are banned to pee? Who has banned you?“ asked the guy, excited and aroused.

“There are two reasons. In our culture are we girls never allowed to use a toilet when we are out with a man.

We girls are bred to hold it until we are at home.

And the second reason is if we are working in public service we are never allowed to leave our customer alone, not even for a much needed wee.

That rule is for boys the same as for us girls. We are trained to suppress our bodily needs as long as necessary, even if it will last very long.“ answered the girl.

“What will happen if i beg you to stay overnight?“ asked Mike lewd.

“I would love to spend the night with you and i would love to delight you all the night with my body“ answered the girl.

“And what will be with your already very full bladder?“ asked Mike.

“My bladder had to stay full, because i am not allowed to wee.“ said the girl.

“You would be able to hold your wee until tomorrow?“ asked the man full of horniness.

“I would have to hold it and i would love to show you my good holding performance and my good bladder control.“answered the girl and did try to animate the guy to talk her for the night, or maybe for longer.

