The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 21

Author: Mbgpeelover

*500*2024-09-07 23:42

Authors note:

I love writing and especially when I can truly connect with my characters like I did with Ellen and Daniel. In this novel I really wanted to show that it’s not just white slim young people who can enjoy all aspects of omorashi and that larger, darker skinned, underrepresented people can too. I wanted the reader to see Ellen and Daniel as real people with complex lives that unfolded more over the period of the story naturally just as would happen in real life getting to know someone, even if, as was the case with them, you actually thought you knew them or worked with them already.

I also wanted a true believable modern story that went beyond a simple romance and that kept the reader enthralled with raw emotion and depth that went beyond most omo stories I have read before. I hope you all found it believable and true and that it perhaps made you question or think about things you might otherwise have not thought about.

I didn’t ever plan the story in full before I started, preferring to see how things naturally developed as I wrote. I always tried to put myself into the character's places and experience what they were experiencing especially where it involved them having to pee. Anyone who knows me on here will already know that I don’t write without bottles and bottles of water besides me and an already full bladder. I also hate interrupting the flow even if that means gripping my crotch, rocking on the seat or fidgeting like crazy! Breaking to pee takes me out of the role and makes me want to start a chapter all over again! I even wait until I have reread it through and corrected any errors and pasted it into the site before I finally allow myself the privilege of using the bathroom. So so many times I was sweating and gasping and terrified it was too late. A good few times I never even had time to get my pants out of the way first! Even more times there were definite leaks!

As this novel went on for so long I didn’t always write it at home. In fact I wrote it on holiday, from hospital bedsides with my son, and even on public transport once or twice, always when I really had to pee! Even if a chapter appeared to have no omorashi in it (because it wouldn’t be much of a story if every chapter was like that) I can assure you MY mind was still on being desperate and holding because I was very much focussed on that!

None of the characters are based on anyone I know and the names were all picked from online research, of which I did hours and hours of. I don’t live where I based the story but by chance one day while writing it I did happen to pass the area and I naturally diverted to the port just to get a feel for where the cruise ship was. The places are all very much real, even the tower block, though obviously the cruise ship was entirely fictional and just based on a news article of a previous ship used to house refugees just like the Adventurer II. Talking about the news I was shocked that whilst writing the story the whole topic of where to house refugees was frequently appearing on the news and it was fascinating to read about the social dilemmas being raised which I had often covered in the story.

I know not everyone sees omo as connected to sex and while I respect this I confess I find seeing someone, males especially, obviously bursting to pee highly erotic just like Ellen. When writing from Ellen’s perspective I imagined I was indeed her and many of the scenes when she is excited by Daniel’s need are exactly as I would feel too. Similarly when writing from Daniel’s perspective I imagined him feeling the same desires I would and I gained immense pleasure from thinking of a man touching me or kissing me when bursting as Daniel often did with Ellen. 

One particularly scene where they are both bursting and locked in a meeting room together on the ship after returning from their first trip to Dundee and end up making love with Ellen peeing all over Daniel and onto the carpet was in fact one of the few times I myself took things a little too far and made a puddle in my sitting room too. Thankfully my flooring isn’t carpet so I was able to clean up more hygienically than Daniel and Ellen!

I wrote much of this novel one handed as my other hand was wedged into my crotch. In order to help myself hold on longer, and because what I was imagining and writing about was a huge turn on for me, I was able to delay things by pleasuring myself slowly and gently even while I squirmed and shifted on my seat dying to wee! My dream would one day be to watch someone else read my work while they too really need to go but like me they choose to wait until they complete the chapter.

I wanted to end by thanking every one of you that commented or reacted in any way to this story. Your encouragement was what kept me writing. I also really must thank all the males out there who have made videos of them being desperate and holding their bladders. I have watched hours of such material as part of my ‘research’ to try and ensure my descriptions of Daniel were accurate and sincere. The fact such material made me masturbate frequently was an added bonus that I won’t deny! The more material like this that can be made the better my writing might be!

I’m going to take a short break from novels but I have some ideas for some short stories that I’ll put on here very soon. I hope you all enjoy them too.

P.s. I’d love to know what your favourite parts of this story were?

Thank you!

Mary x

&&

*506*2024-09-19 10:50

Thank you again to everyone who followed this. I still think of Ellen and Daniel everyday as they were such a huge part of my life for the last year!

