Kat's Exploration - 1

Author: MeltedKitKat

*000*2021-09-19 18:08

Kat had probably been into bathroom play since before she knew what it meant to be into things, if she looked back on it. Despite that, she refused to acknowledge it through her years of sexual adventuring and developing because the taboo was just too much for her. It wasn’t until she started having more than enough alone time in her college years that she decided she could indulge it, just to see if it really was fun to bring out of the fantasy realm.

She had watched videos of wetting and peeing before, and on a few occasions even bits of messing. Watching people pee was exciting to her, but her curiosity was really piqued by desperation and seeing people lose control fully clothed. She found herself searching out this content more and more, and often ended up grabbing her vibrator from her drawer before the night was over.

Kat was attractive by just about anyone’s standards, with long red hair that she almost always kept tied back or under a hat when winter came. If you had asked her, she’d have confidently told you that she’s single by choice. She genuinely enjoyed spending nearly every evening at a desk on an upper floor in the university library, only straying from her post to visit the vending machine or grab another volume from the shelf. Her only social life was online in chats and forums that she periodically popped into in between research ideas. And it was at the library that Kat had her first real life brush with her kink.

The library stayed open until 1am on Friday nights and Kat loved it. This particular Friday, she had polished off her water bottle, a soda from the vending machine, and was working on her refilled water while pounding out pages on the focus on invalid imagery in The Great Gatsby when taught in high school English courses. This would’ve bored most people to tears, but Kat and her advisor had found it to be an engaging topic with a lot of available material, so it made a great example piece for her graduate entrance portfolio.

As she typed the last few words on her 15th page, she felt the pressure hit her bladder hard. Her need to go usually hit suddenly, and this was no exception, but it was never an issue with bathrooms close by. She got up quickly and headed there, only to find that they had begun remodeling and repair work for over the weekend. She considered going down a floor to the bathroom there, but the stairs down were on the other side of the floor and she was nearly done for the night, so she headed back to her desk instead.

All she needed to do was finish copying the notes she needed from the book she had grabbed so she could reshelve it and not check it out. She packed the rest of her things into her backpack, downing the last of her water so she could pack away her bottle without it leaking. As she flipped through pages, copying bits into her notebook with page references, she found herself squeezing her thighs tight together, getting more desperate by the second. After a couple more pages, she realized that she was rocking in her chair. She had never let herself get desperate like this before, and she was both loving and dreading it.

Kat checked the time, 12:20am, and looked around to confirm there wasn’t a single other person around. For the first time, she was considering options. As she held a hand against her crotch, she leaned forward and felt her tight jeans crushing against her bladder. She moved her hand away, and decided that it couldn’t be so bad to just relieve a little bit of the pressure. She relaxed for just a moment and let a quick spurt of piss out, feeling it soak into her panties quickly. She shifted herself up off the chair slightly, then released a bit more, wanting to let out just enough to relieve herself without leaving a mess behind.

Her face flushed hot with excitement about what she had just done. She quickly finished gathering the notes she wanted, feeling her soaked panties rubbing against her as she shifted around, holding in what remained of her bursting bladder. She shoved her notebook hastily into her bag and threw it on her back, in the biggest rush of her life to get out of there.

As she walked through the shelves looking for the home for the book, she lost control a few times, bursts of pee running down her thighs and soaking into her socks and sneakers. The feeling of walking on the wetness in her shoes and her thighs rubbing together over it had Kat feeling more aroused than she could’ve imagined. Knowing that it’s pitch dark outside and her walk home has few streetlights, she made the decision not to stop off at a bathroom on any of the other floors, rushing straight down the stairs and out of the library.

Kat kept holding on as best as she could, her body still fighting the total accident despite her ass already being completely darkened with piss. She made it almost two blocks in the dark, leaks escaping every few steps, before she finally couldn’t regain control of herself. She stopped on the sidewalk, feeling the pee rush down out of her, looking down at the puddle forming around her feet. She was amazed by how pee she actually held, with everything soaking into her pants and shoes and still leaving a puddle that spread across the whole square of the path. She stood in place for a few moments, even after emptying herself, before finishing her walk home, now hurrying for an entirely different reason.

She hurried into her apartment and threw down her backpack by the door. She knelt on the floor in her bedroom, leaning forward against the bed as she shoved her hand eagerly down her wet pants. She worked herself quickly to orgasm several times, three, four, five? She wasn’t really paying attention through her exhilaration over the night’s events, until she was broken out of her haze by the sudden desperation in her bladder again. Never having held like this before, the quick relapse caught her off guard. Without thinking, she flooded her jeans again on her bedroom floor.

She sat for a while in her puddle before finally getting up. She grabbed a towel from the dirty laundry to clean up her puddle, then peeled off her wet clothes and jumped in the shower. She knew without any doubt that this was the start of something she would never quit.

