Holders of Iron House

Author: Markj9494

*018*2020-11-16 10:47

Chapter 6: A lapse of concentration.

“Come on!” Kay pleaded with Allie as they both desperately paced at the work counters in the kitchen.

“Im not being a model for your photoshoot.”

“Why not?”

“I don’t want too and….” Allie trailed off, her legs continuing to wiggle as she leaned against the row of cupboards. The rhythmic shuffling hypnotising to Eloise as she watched the pair of them dance their desperate dance, neither of them wanting to show how bad it had gotten. But it was easy to see, they had been struggling two days ago but now their antics had been dialled up to 11. Allie for her part unable to stand still for even a moment, the constant shuffling must have been burning her muscles but it was in order to save another assuredly tiring one.

“And what?” Kay asked, showing similar signs of her need as she sat on the couch. Her crossed legs bobbing up and down next to Eloise. The French girl keeping an eye on them too ni the corner of her vision, a sight she had become well versed in over the last few days.

“I, nothing… I just don’t feel like doing it.” Allie replied, her cheeks burning a little redder than before as she pushed off again and started dancing in front of the fridge, staring in even though Eloise could see she had already taken out the milk she was looking for.

“I’ll do your washing up for a week” Kay rebutted, trying to bribe their housemate.

“Really?” Allie asked, surprised by how badly Kay wanted her to be involved. “Why not go with Lucy, im sure she would love it.”

“That’s why, its more fun to have you.” Kay smiled, getting a glare from Allie. “But yeah I’ll wash and Eloise will dry for the rest of the week.” Kay offered up despite not having talked to her about it. But then again it was for the photography society that had both signed up for, which Eloise had completely forgotten about.

“Fine…but I’m not doing any stupid poses or anything like that.” Allie relented, breathing out heavily as she noticed the milk she had already gotten out. Her desperate mind failing to keep any coherent thought in for more than 2 minutes it seemed.

“Nothing like that, don’t worry.” Kay answered her, grunting loudly as she forced herself up from the couch. A hand on her back as she puffed her cheeks out as if she had been doing some heavy lifting.

“Where is everyone else by the way?” Zara asked, turning over to look at them from the couch where she sat. Her legs seemingly spread as far apart as possible, a triumphant posture for the winner of last night’s contest and the prize of an empty bladder.

If there had been a loser it had been Summer, walking out of the venue she hadn’t been lucky to escape the attention of others. Her sodden blue socks and hem of her skirt giving her away as many of the students pointed and made comments. Their poor friend staring ashamedly at the floor in silence the entire way home. They had done their best to comfort her but it was clear that she just as Lucy had, was feeling sorry for herself.

“I think some of them are feeling a little down because of, you know.” Kay said.

“You telling me, looks like we are about to have two more.” Vanessa announced as she strode in wearing her running gear. But despite the confident outburst it was clear that she too was suffering with her bladder.

“You’re telling me, but like you can say anything.” Allie shot back, managing a faint smile as a bead of sweat worked its way down from her brow and dripped off her nose.

“Hey, this bladder is fine. Im not the one using the edge of the counter to hold myself.” She said, a cheeky smile appearing as she indicated to Kay.

“Gross, that’s where I make my food.” Zara laughed heartily, clearly feigning her annoyance.

“I tell you what we need.” Vanessa said, gingerly joining Zara on the sofa. Letting out a not so quiet groan even with the slow speed of her movement.

“What? Zara asked.

“A night in with lots of alcohol so everyone can forget the last couple of days.” She said, her idea clearly at odds with her bladder unless she was insane, or so Eloise thought.

“That sounds like a plan.” Zara said excitedly. “Im up for some victory drinks.”

“Should we ask the others?” Eloise asked, although half the house was now in the room.

“Guys I…” Allie tried to speak but was interrupted by an excited Kay.

“No, we should tell the others” Kay said authoritatively, vanessa and Zara pointing at her and agreeing whole heartedly.

“Ok putting it in the group chat now, no question marks just facts.” Zara said, pulling out her phone and a few moments a series of dings went off in the kitchen.

“Where… are… we going Kay?” Allie asked, stopping for a moment to put a hand on her thigh as she all but panted with exertion.

“I want to go the campus.” Kay replied, her own breathing not too far behind.

“Are you ok?” Eloise asked, a question she was starting to think was the only thing she could ask given the amount of times she had uttered it lately. But what else was there?

“Oooh” Allie puffed her cheeks out again. “Man, I’ve never felt like this before. It feels like my insides are vibrating on their own.” Groaning she stood up straight, putting a thumb under the deadly tight jeans she was still forcing herself to wear despite how they all but cut her bladder in too. She had been wearing jogging bottoms for the last couple of days, but given that she was being photographed she had spent more than 10 minutes groaning as she buttoned them up. Eloise spying her lying in the foetal position on her bed through the crack in the door. She was truly suffering, the back of her light green top a shade darker from her burning body.

10 minutes later they had made it up to the spot where the almost equally bloated Kay was happy. A busy intersection of the university with students milling around them.

“Really…here?” Allie asked, putting a hand on her chest.

“Yes here” Kay added, starting to unfold a tripod from her bag while she paced on the spot. Her entire face glistening despite the cool day, her hastily applied makeup already smudging. But she wasn’t the one that was going to be in front of the camera so Eloise doubted she really cared. It was clear something else was on her mind as she moved feverously on the spot, her hands unscrewing the legs.

“Okay, Okay, Okay” Kay began muttering to herself, now stood behind the camera and visibly shaking. Her eyes glued to the small LCD screen on the back of the camera as she bobed up and down, walking on the spot. Her hand waving around all over the place as she focused down on the task at hand. Each heavy press of the button making the tripod shift slightly.

“Oh shit” Kay said quietly, her left hand falling between her legs and giving herself a reassuring squeeze for a moment.

“Ok, im good its set up.” She said, wiping her forehead with the back of her hoodie sleeve.

“So, you…youi just want me there?” Allie asked, her own legs moving her in small circles, the pair of them attracting a lot of strange glances from the passers by. The two struggling women walking in tiny circles as they battled their enormous bladders demands to finally give them some relief.

“Yep, just stand there for like two minutes”

“Two minutes!” Allie said out loud, Eloise unsure if she could manage 2 seconds let alone 120.

“Yeah”

“What photo takes two minutes?” Allie said, clearly still upset about this revelation.

“I want a time lapse; you know you stay still and everyone can move around behind you as a blur.” Kay said hastily as she uneasily waited to click the shutter button.

“Kay, I don’t know.” Allie said, her eyes pleading with Kay.

“You can do it, its just two minutes.” Kay smiled at her.

“I, ok but make it fast.” Allie said.

“I…ok?” Kay replied, confused by the statement. Two minutes was two minutes, not much she could do about that.

“Ok, you can do this” Allie said, pumping herself up as she pressed firmly between her clenched thighs.

“Ready?” Kay asked.

“As I will ever be” Allie replied, her hands finally leaving her crotch as she took up a somewhat normal pose. Her hands grabbing the student brochure that Kay had hastily given to her as a prop.

“Ok, now stay as still as possible” Kay said, herself moving non-stop. A loud click indicating that the photo had begun, just 120 seconds.

“I…..” Allie stuttered almost immediately.

“You can do it!” Kay shouted in support.

“I….” Allie stuttered again, her eyes glancing down at her own crotch for a moment.

“You are doing great, just a little longer.”

“I…im sorry Kay but I think I’m about to make your photo a little more interesting than you meant it to be.” Allie shuddered, her head turning to look between her legs as the light grey of her jeans suddenly darkened. An explosion of wetness showering out of her clenched thighs, short but fierce bursts of piss showering out of them and darkening patches of her jeans. Strange patterns appearing all over her legs as the spurting continued, a thudding sound could be heard as the rest of her pee poured out behind her legs.

Groaning she convulsed lightly, new streaks of wetness flowing from her crotch and down the front of her unmoving legs, a shower of wetness that was cascading and running down her legs. The wet patches shining anew as her accident continued to unfold in front of Eloise. The many rivulets spiralling down her legs and leaving trails in Allies clothing. Dripping into the muddy pool that she was making beneath her that was shinning brightly in the mid-day sun as it hung over her, accidently providing the perfect lighting for the ongoing photo of her accident.

At almost the exact same moment a loud shutter noise signalled the end of the time-lapse, and Allie finished wetting herself. Stood routed to the spot she exhaled deeply “Fuck I needed that.” She laughed, her shoulders sagging forwards. The giant orb that was her bladder completely gone and her drenched jeans now fitting properly.

“Well I hope you got what you needed because im not giving a repeat performance” She continued looking up at Kay who was now also routed to the spot. Her face bright red and both hands pulling up at her crotch for all she was worth.

“I…..oooh.” Kay muttered, herself looking only moments from a similar fate as Allie.

But breathing heavily she managed to pull herself together, “Sorry, I didn’t”…. she trailed off.

“Yeah don’t worry. I thought I could hold it too.” Allie said clearly disappointed, but taking it far better than Lucy or Summer had.

“Now can we get out of here, its actually quite cold in these wet jeans now I’m not sweating my balls off in desperation.” She said rather bluntly, the desperate kay just nodding and starting to pack away her things.

“You better not show that to anyone” Allie said as they made their way down the hill again.

Eloise had totally forgotten about the photo and now Allie had said that, she couldn’t help but wonder what it looked like. A two-minute time lapse of Allie peeing herself, what would that look like she wondered. Maybe she would have to find a way to get it, or try it herself… what was she thinking. Shaking her head and being repulsed by the weird idea that she would try it at home, what was happening to her thoughts? Where were all these new thoughts coming from, it had to just be because she was surrounded by desperate women that they were coming to her.

Hopefully once this was over they would leave her be, although she couldn’t quite shake the feeling that this had always been something she enjoyed. Memories of holding it slightly longer than needed under the guise of studying as her bladder throbbed at the kitchen table. The odd road trip where she would see how long or how far she could go without needing to stop, even asking friends and family members to do the same. Had she always liked this…No it was just this week…it had to be.

“Eloise?” Kay said, brining her out of her confused stupor. The pair of them now sat in the kitchen, Kay on the phone with Summer who was at the shop.

“Yeah sorry?”

“What drinks do you want?”

“Oh, do they have any brandy?”

“Brandy?” Kay lowered an eyebrow at her before nodding and passing on the order. The dark brunette now sitting in the back of the kitchen, her legs tightly crossed and bobbing up and down wildly. She had been there ever since she had barely survived the walk back, the new sitting position clearly helping her maintain her control a little easier.

“What bout snacks?” Kay asked, her hand over the phone.

“Don’t mind, crisps, maybe pretzels if they have any?” Eloise replied.

“Pretzels and Brandy, not quite the night in of drinking I was expecting” Kay joked before a violent shake in her body forced her to frown deeply, a hand steadying herself on her thigh as she leaned forwards a little more. A deep sweat all over her body despite the fact she was barely moving. Taking a deep breath she put the phone back to her ear and passed on the new order to the group of them at the store.

“Oh god!” Kay groaned loudly after putting the phone down. Both her hands falling between her clenching and knotted legs, “I don’t know how much longer I can hold this.”

“What?” Eloise said shocked by her friends openness, her eyes awkwardly meeting hers as she felt her stomach flutter slightly at Kays admission.

“I don’t know the last time I held this long. Even the end of year test wasn’t this bad.” Kay said looking her in the eyes, causing Eloise to blush and look away.

“Umm, I mean….you have lasted this long. Its way more than I could manage. Like 10 times as long!” Eloise blurted out, aiming for supportive but ending up a little past that.

“Yeah, I suppose” Kay said, finally looking down and placing a hand on her heavily distended bladder. The giant protrusion locked tightly shut for over a week now, yet both of them seemed to sense the end was near. But who knew when the classes were to start again, they knew she couldn’t give up. If her or Vanessa did and it turned out the buildings opened the next morning they would be kicking themselves for the rest of the year. They just had to hold out.

A short while later the others arrived noisily through the front door, bottles clinking in the bags they had brought with them. Unpacking them the kitchen counter was covered in all sort of alcohol, bottles and cans of beer covering most it while large vodka bottles towered above the other bottles.

Admiring their handywork Kay let out a loud sigh, grunting as she reached across for the first bottle. “Its six o’clock somewhere.” She smiled, cracking open the first bottle using the edge of the counter instead of a bottle opener. The others shrugging and joining her with a beer of their own while Eloise checked her watch. It was already 7.15Pm, why did it matter that it was 6pm somewhere else.

“I will order the Pizza, same as last week?” Zara offered, opening her laptop.

“Sounds good!” Kay said, raising her bottle. The others joining in a little impromptu toast, taking a sip from their own bottles. Well except Summer who seemed to be in the mood to get things started, downing her entire beer in one go and sighing deeply.

“Some ones in the mood to party” Lucy joked.

“Oh, sorry.” Summer said kind of sheepishly, her face blushing as she realised everyone was watching her.

“No, don’t apologise just let me catch up!” Lucy said enthusiastically as she downed the rest of hers.

“Well…if everyone else is.” Kay said, lifting her own bottle to her lips and starting to down it. A hand resting on her bladder as she scrunched up her face, forcing the beer down her throat.

“Come on guys, keep up.” She smiled, her body wobbling slightly as she sat there. Vanessa, Julia and Zara sharing a look before joining in.

“Well, im on Vodka so I will not be downing that.” Allie joked, unscrewing the top off the first bottle and pouring a little in a cup before downing the shots worth as a show of solidarity.

“Your turn” Kay said loudly, uncapping the next bottle and pointing at Eloise with it.

Taking a leaf from Allies book she unscrewed the brandy, pouring a fingers worth into a glass. Taking a deep breath she tipped the glass back feeling the familiar burn but then a weird acidic feeling taking over.

“Urrgh, what is that?”

“Its brandy, what you asked for.”

“That is the worst brandy I have ever had, what is this.” She said inspecting the bottle. “What on earth is a brandy drink?” she asked out loud, never having seen the words together but sure they were not a sign of quality.

“Cheap, you’re a student now remember.” Zara joked.

“True, but I will not be doing any more shots of that.” Eloise said, mixing it with some soda that had been bought as mixer.

“Ok, lets get this party started!” Zara said enthusiastically, pulling out a box of cards.

“Not this again, I remember you forcing me to play that like two years ago.” Julia said out loud.

“Well, it’s a good way of getting to know each other, and then drinking enough to forget it all again.” Zara smiled.

“Well, sounds fun.” Summer joined in, “what is it though?”

“Its called first, like spin the bottle. It has a little dial thing you spin like this” she said spinning it, it landing on Vanessa. “Then Vanessa grabs one of the cards which will have a promt on it and you have to answer what your first experience of it was.”

“Like never have I ever.” Kay said.

“Never have I ever?” Eloise asked, understanding the game but getting lost with the annology.

“Its like a game where….” Allie started.

“Look forget that, lets just play this.” Zara interrupted, before things could get too confusing. “Now grab a drink and Vanessa grab a card.”

Groaning deeply as she tried to stand to move to the box the others watched her for a moment before she seemingly gave up. “Just slide one over will you?”

Sliding over a card Vanessa picked it up “It just says broken bone.” She said turning it around.

“Yeah so you can either take a drink, or tell us what your first broken bone was. Bit of a tame one to start with but they get way more…interesting.”

“Oh ok, I was Nine and I fell off a Donkey” Vanessa said putting the card down.

“A donkey, not a horse?” Julia asked, raising an eyebrow.

“Yeah my neighbour had one and I tried to ride it and well, it didn’t want to be.”

“Not the only thing you have tried to ride and it not wanting to be.” Lucy chimed in.

“What does that even mean?” Vanessa said blushing.

“Oh I don’t know, what about Luke in first year.” Lucy said, her smile only widening as Vanessa clearly understood what she was referring too.

“You can shut up now!” Vanessa shot back, eyeing her friend.

“Rejected!” Lucy said loudly.

“Well that wasn’t even a question but how about you have a go then, lets see what secrets we can unearth on you.” Vanessa countered, pointing to the box of cards.

“Fine, we don’t need a spinner, lets just go around.” Lucy said, taking out a card before sitting back on her chair. An embarrassed smile coming across her face as she turned around a card that simply read “sex”.

“Whheeyyy” Vanessa said slightly too enthusiastically as her eyes widened again, her hand flying between her legs. The conversation momentarily distracting her and she had almost paid the price, going off the look of panic creeping across her face.

“Do try not to wet yourself” Lucy joking shot back but they could all tell she had been moments away from doing just that. Crossing one leg over the other even tighter Vanessa shifted in her seat uncomfortably.

“Come on then.” Zara said, indicating for Lucy to explain herself.

“Well, I was 14”

“14!” Julia and Allie said loudly at the same time.

“What, loads of people were doing it at that age in my school.” Lucy tried to defend herself.

“Many of your friends been on that teenage parents tv show?” Zara joked.

“Well actually…. yes. As in not friends but people from my school.”

“Oh my god I was joking, but that is amazing.” Zara said. The group laughing and opening the next round of beers.

Over the next few hours the group went through almost all of the questions and almost all of the beer. It was safe to say that Eloise now knew more about her housemates than she had most other people in her life, and unfortunately they knew far more embarrassing things about her than she had ever told anyone else. She just couldn’t seem to help it, her housemates were just too good at prying things out of her, although she had to admit it felt good to find a group of friends she could trust not to hopefully do anything with the information.

Although just looking at them, it seemed Zara may have been right about them being too drunk to remember any of it. The girls in particular Summer and Lucy had been pounding back the beers, taking almost an entire crate by themselves at this point.

Although what had surprised her more was the quantity that Kay and Vanessa were drinking despite their bulging bladders. Kay in particular seemed to be throwing caution to the wind, almost keeping up with Summer and egging people on to drink more and more. Calling out people who didn’t have a drink in their hands from her seat, making Lucy and Zara hand them another.

“Hey Allie, can you pass me the soda please.” Eloise asked, pouring herself another and unwittingly noticing that almost half the bottle of brandy was gone. At least it wasn’t as strong as what she was use to in France.

“Sure thing Eloise.” Allie said smiling.

“Look at you too, thick as thieves over there with your fancy drinks.” An intoxicated Kay said in a mockingly playful way.

“What we are just being friendly, sheesh.” Allie joked back, handing over the soda.

“Oooh, Drink friends.” Lucy joked, a chorus of it going around the others leaving Eloise perplexed. A clear look of confusion on her face.

“Please tell me you have seen inbetweeners?” Zara asked, sitting up in her seat for the first time in a while.

“Inbetweeners?” Eloise asked.

“Sorry, im on their side.” Allie said smiling.

“Quint…quintisssss…..quintessential British comedy show that you have to see.” Summer said, slurring her words slightly.

“Oooh someone stop her drinks.” Lucy joked.

“Im fine, just a hard word when you are drunk. Not that I am!” Summer said, pointing an unsteady finger somewhere in the vicinity of Lucy.

“Looks like that wont be much of an issue anyway.” Julia said, upturning the last crate of beers. “Looks like we are out.”

“We are out of snacks too” Allie said, her hand grasping a number of empty crisp packets that lay on the kitchen worktop.

“Well this wont stand!” Summer said, standing quickly and teetering as the blood rushed out of it.

“That’s not the only thing.” Julia said, standing and helping Summer back into her seat.

“Ok, booze run, get your orders in now.” Lucy said, downing the rest of her bottle and getting to her feet.

“Ill come with you, I think I need the air” Allie said.

“Yeah, im coming too, need more snacks!” Vanessa and Zara joined in.

Taking their orders the group grabbed some flat shoes and their coats, making a slow amble towards the front door. Clunking behind them it left a slightly awkward silence with just the four of them sitting in the lounge that looked like a bomb had gone off in it.

Summer broke the silence by starting to giggle to herself for some reason.

“What’s so funny?” Julia asked

“I don’t know.” Summer said standing up and tipping remnants of one of her bottles into her waiting mouth.

“Oh no!” Summer said loudly, wobbling where she stood a hand flying to her stomach.

“What, are you?” Eloise asked, the blonde going deathly pale in an instant.

“I…I…Im going to be sick” She said, her eyes wide and the other hand shooting to her mouth. Turning she quickly ran towards the stairs, taking them too at a time and crashing into the shower rooms above them.

“I better go check on her.” Julia said after a few seconds, grabbing a cup of water and taking it up to Summer. Leaving just Eloise and the groaning Kay in the room.

From where she was sat Eloise was watching her attentively, the brunette tomboy rocking on the chair she hadn’t left for hours now. A hand deep in the pockets of her jogging bottoms and clearly holding herself as she let out short sharp breaths. Drawing in air through her nose and letting it out of her mouth, she looked almost as if she was mediating in some ways.

A few minutes passed as Eloise kept waiting for Julia to come back, unsure of what to say to Kay but unable to take her eyes off her and her giant bladder. Kay had been quiet for the last few hours, actively taking part in the game until her bladder seemingly made that impossible. The other trying to include her but only getting single word answers or her choosing to drink as a response. She was on the very edges of control, and the few braincells the beer had left her with were otherwise occupied.

“Oooh, no, no , no , no ,no” Kay muttered to herself as she rocked on the kitchen chair, the first thing she had said for almost 45 minutes. Her eyes were fixed on a point in front of her as she struggled for control. The night of heavy drinking making her quiver in desperation. Now with just her and Eloise in the room her heavy breathing, pants and groans were too loud for the French girl block out.

“OOOoffff” Kay groaned again as she pivoted her hips to apply more pressure on her hand that was gripping herself between her legs. The other joining it on the outside of her trousers, her short nails digging into the fabric of her trousers as she squeezed her legs tightly.

“I can…” Kay said breathlessly to no one.

“Just a little longer and….” Her brain tried again, unable to finish its sentences as her bloated and bulging bladder quivered inside her. Sweat was pouring off her brow now, her neck muscles twitching and taught as she grunted much louder this time.

“Ooofff fuck” she groaned hoarsely, her head tilting back and eyes scrunching closed. Eloise watched on, unable to look away as her own legs pressed against each other, her heart beating faster as she felt her body becoming hot. She was sure Kay was reaching her limits, limits she had seen her pass 12 hours ago when they were outside with Allie. The memories of Allies slow laboured accident unfolding in her mind, this time joined with Kay.

“No, no, no, no….”The woman in front of her panted, her body constantly shaking now.

“ooooOOOHHHFFF” Kay groaned again but this was the final moment as she finally lost control, her jogging bottoms darkening as a flood of pee hissed out of her. Overflowing the chair in an instant it created a noisy waterfall off onto the kitchen floor of it as Kay continued to breath heavily. Her hips starting to gyrate against the chair as she panted, almost thrusting forward causing wave after wave of her hot pee to fall from the chair, heavily splattering against the floor. The enormous bulge in her abdomen barely even shirking as the litres of pee burst out of her, she had pushed it hours longer than she had before. Pushing her limits to new hights as she had not only forced it to wait but ruthlessly filled it over the last few hours.

Continuing for almost 20 seconds Kay’s eyes were closed, her hips moving as she panted, only Eloise witnessing the display that was making her a little light headed. She had been denying what she had been feeling as she watched her friends get more and more desperate, but this intimate almost voyeuristic view of Kay wetting herself was too much. Her heart fluttered violently as her breath caught in her chest, eyes glued to the glistening crotch of her friend that continued press itself into the chair. The ocean of pee within Kay now flowing freely through the darkened and saturated cotton. It felt as if it was almost like her sexual awakening, a lightbulb turning on in her mind, she was into this and she could deny it no longer as she let out a quiet whimper.

Kay finally opened her eyes. The two of them accidently locking eyes and blushing madly, both caught out enjoying what was going on.

“Im sorry…” Eloise stuttered madly averting her gaze and staring at the floor, but even out of the corner of her vision she could see Kay’s puddle slowly advancing across the floor towards her.

“Oh god” Kay said again, her voice several octaves lower than normal. The loud splashing telling Eloise her hips were still moving. “I forgot how good this felt.” Kay announced, with no sense of embarrassment.

“I….uh” Eloise looked up, finding that Kay was still watching her.

“I thought so” Kay started, smiling broadly before her eyes rolled back in her head for a moment.

“don’t worry, you would be surprised…Surprised by how many people…Pee, people are into this, especially at this place…Just don’t get any ideas” Kay smiled for a moment before her body doubled over and caused her to visibly wince. Her overfilled bladder clearly still sending painful signals through her body even as it relaxed.

“I…really?” Eloise replied sheepishly. She hadn’t even considered it to be a thing someone could be into, but she couldn’t deny her own feelings on the matter.

Holding up two fingers as if to tell her to wait a minute Kay put her hand on her thigh. Leaning forwards she closed her eyes, the river of urine still flowing out of her and onto the floor beneath the thankfully wooden chair. She looked lost in her own world once again, the only sounds the hiss through her sodden underwear and the drumming of the streams onto the floor. For more than two minutes Eloise stood there, unsure of what to do but enjoying the sight of the red faced kay wetting herself.

Finally she finished, letting out a long sigh Kay shivered violently in her seat for a few moments. Opening her eyes she locked them with the awkward looking Eloise.

“Lets just not tell anyone about this though” She said breathlessly.

“Wont they notice the…”

“No, about the…enjoying it” Kay smiled, her face relaxed for the first time in days.

“But I thought you said…”

“Look a lot of people enjoy it, but its not really a talked about thing. Given the emphasis on holding at this university, enjoying losing control is probably as taboo as you can get around her.”

“Oh ok” Eloise said.

“But don’t get me wrong, I think a lot of people still enjoy it. But just don’t go around talking about it, and you can never know who does and doesn’t like it. Some people can be freaked out about it, I’m sure even yourself last week would have been if I had just squatted in the middle of the kitchen.”

“I…Yeah, thank you.” Eloise replied, still not quite able to look her friend in the eye after the intimate moment.

“No problem, but if I can stand, we should probably clean this mess up before it ruins the floor” Kay said smiling and looking down at the giant puddle she had created fondly.

###

Slightly shorter chapter and maybe a bit of a different tone but I hope you all enjoyed it!

Thank you for the continued support and comments!

*021*2020-11-17 20:44

{{22 hours ago, watchinghold said:

Check me on this, but at this point I think it's only Vanessa who hasn't lost control? And she's still drinking as freely as the rest of them? While showing little sign of her control being in serious imminent danger?

Oooh boy. Either she is an amazing actress, or she is building up to an eruption of truly legendary proportions. I am so freaking hype for the next chapter.

}}

Yes, she has outheld all the others. But how much longer can she keep control?

The next part will be out tomorrow!
