Neji Omorashi

Author: Mitsukivenom

*000*2021-04-27 19:49

Lee Was inviting Neji To drink Together And Neji Said "Yea, sure" Lee Told Neji that they're going to 10pm to go drink. at 10pm, Neji And Lee were going to drink together And Lee said "Man, i like this drink I want it more!" Neji was like...he had a strong bladder? Neji Said "Damn, Lee you Had a strong bladder?" Lee Said "Maybe." and Neji just drink a lot's of water by thirsty and he was sitting there like 40 mins or something, Lee Said "Neji, Can we go Explore somewhere?" Neji Nods his head (yes) Lee Said "Okay! Let's go.", Neji and Lee are going to explore on the water fountain and Lee Said "Neji, i'll be right back i forgot something on the cafe haha" Neji was sitting on the water fountain edge, Neji said "Alright, i'll guess i'll wait." at 20 mins later.

Neji said "Lee...Where are you...??" Neji was squirming while sitting and he keep thinking about water, and i think Neji can still hold it but...Neji's Mind "I still can hold it...maybe" at 20 mins Neji said "I- i think cannot hold it anymore...i-" Neji was squirming and he cannot hold it anymore, Neji Said "P-Please.....i cannot h- hold it anymore..." Lee said" sorry! i was getting beated by someone but luckily i just beated them back"

Lee Comes back. Lee was suspicious about Neji And he was like..Uh Neji..what's wrong? Then Neji and Lee are walking to the store and Lee wants to buy something shit like that and Neji said "L- Lee...i guess we need to go to- tomorrow..." Lee said "Why?" and Neji said "Be- Because i have to g-go to talk with Naruto" He lied. And Lee Said "Alright! Just for a minute." Neji plan didn't work and he was squirming around and he was leaking. Neji said "N-No...!!" Lee was suspicious about it and Lee said "Neji..?!" Neji Said "Hn..?" and Neji just peed all over his pants and it would be more emberrasing.

Ok i guess done

