Soiled Modifications

Author: Messy96

*000*2023-05-26 22:18

Another day, another shift at work finally finished, as Stacy returned home exhausted after 8 full hours of retail madness. Exiting her car, she welcomed the brisk wind in the air as opposed to the stale atmosphere of her job. The transition from spring to summer had just begun, Stacy could feel it as she walked to her front door. Unlocking and entering her home, Stacy’s instinct motivated her to open her windows, just enough to allow the wind from outside to fill her house. The breeze gave her much needed serenity from her exhaustion. Stacy started cooking stroganoff while playing her favorite symphonic metal artist in the background, energizing her along with the outside breeze. She aimed to unwind in a simple manner, with her favorite pastime while enjoying some delicious food.

In her room she kept a gaming PC that she built years before, with the goal of having a machine that can not only run modern games with ease, but also can handle extensive gaming modification. Booting up the PC, Stacy sat in her comfy computer chair with her dinner, awaiting eagerly to revisit her favorite childhood memories. She had been playing video games since her dad introduced her in her younger years, and starting modding in high school with help from her computer classes. 

Though her mods were of the more explicit kind, making a name for herself in the modding community for creating quality D.E.S.O related content for countless games of many genres. These mods were mostly character overhauls, namely to strip them down to just their underwear and sometimes diapers, often in a rather soaked or soiled state. Now on the home screen, Stacy opened her mod manager and initiated a modded save for a survival horror title. Survival horror was her favorite genre to mod, simply because it was really funny to make the main characters look out of place from their own setting, given they’re nearly naked in the open.

Hours passed, Stacy’s dinner plate was scraped clean, as she continued playing her modded games in peace. Now though she was play-testing her latest mod specifically for a recently published sci-fi horror. Currently she was guiding her bare character through the dark hallways of a derelict spacecraft, wearing nothing but a bra, a pair of panties, and a weapon holster. Stacy in turn was now only wearing her matching red bra and underwear. But as Stacy relaxed and ran her mod through the usual paces, her stomach had been gurgling and churning for a while. Something familiar was certainly brewing with a sizable capacity and urgency.

“Not yet… not yet,” She told herself. Stacy was always into panty pooping, but her favorite way of doing so was to hold in her load until after her modded characters had pooped their pants first. Not only does pooping her panties feel even better after seeing her gaming characters do it first, but Stacy finds the mere idea as a fun personal challenge to engage in. Who would shit themselves first: Stacy or her player avatar?

So onward Stacy played her game, determined to hold in her shit until she sees her avatar’s undies fill up first. This challenge will be difficult to achieve, the mod she was currently testing was designed under an RNG of sorts tied to the game’s setting. This means for every horrifying event/enemy encounter that happens, there is a random chance the avatar will soil themselves. So Stacy is holding out against random chance, who knows how long it’ll take before she can relieve herself. However Stacy was well aware of this, and looked forward to such an interesting and unpredictable challenge. In fact she made it even harder for herself by deliberately eating foods for the past few days that would make a poopy load that would be huge and demanding. So Stacy’s got her work cut out for her for sure.

Another hour passed, and Stacy is now in a losing battle. Despite encountering numerous terrors and nightmares in the game, Stacy’s avatar had still not shit themselves at all. Meanwhile Stacy herself has been struggling to keep herself from pooping her pants prematurely. Her guts were constantly gurgling and churning as her turds relentlessly pressured her anus to open and release, being mere inches from the exit leading to the outside where her underwear was waiting to be filled. Stacy had too many close calls as it was but was still determined to hold out, however she knew well that if her shit makes another attempt, she may not have enough strength to resist. Regardless she continued playing her game while squirming in her chair, eager to win in this challenge she had put herself in.

Under her intense digestive pressure, Stacy guides her avatar forward into the next area, the level design of which was a clear sign that she was heading to a boss fight with a nightmarish monster. Stacy mentally prepared herself for a difficult fight, hoping that the conflict would activate the RNG. Surly enough, the beast’s arrival was terrifying in many psychological ways and the resulting fierce battle demanded all of Stacy’s focus. Yet once again, the avatar failed to shit herself from the mere sight of the monstrous creature. Worse still, Stacy’s poop began another mad push against her anus, begging to be unleashed. With all her focus spent on the fight itself, her anus began to falter and slowly open up, with the huge mass of waste now turtle heading out. Stacy was about mere seconds away from pooping her pants and losing.

‘Oh god, no no no, not now!’ Stacy thought, feeling her overpowering poop nearly succeed in its own prison break. Out of desperation, Stacy violently clenched her ass cheeks as tightly as she could muster in order to stop her load from escaping. ‘I’m not losing to this game or this challenge, I refuse to accept defeat here and now!’ Stacy exclaimed in her head, still determined to gain a win. So she kept her butt closed as she played on with nothing but sheer defiance and willpower. 

Even when the pressure wrought pain in her abdomen and her stress increased, she held out and fought two separate battles simultaneously. Luckily for Stacy, her persistence paid off yet again. The shit was stonewalled within her again and she overthrew the monster by the skin of her teeth. She exhaled slowly as she steadied herself from the mental stress. Stacy was now dangerously out of luck, next time there will be no hope to hold back her crap at all. Still regaining her composure, she motioned her avatar forward once again past the corpse of her enemy. Then…

*RRRRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!*

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!”

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!!!!”

Both Stacy and her character were both jump scared by the monster as it roared violently in vain as it finally died. This caught both off guard screaming in shock. Stacy’s heart and mind was now racing scrambled like eggs, the usual price to pay for playing horror games. But as she attempts to calm down, she noted two important things. One: The avatar’s underwear were beginning to grow a heavy brown bulge. Two: Stacy herself was feeling something hot and heavy bulging in her own panties. 

Stacy and her character were both finally soiling themselves from the shock of the jump scare, which in Stacy’s case, allowed three fat logs of poop to erupt from her anus and pile into the welcoming embrace of her red undies. However more was still to come as a fourth turd was already snaking its way out freely. Still recovering from the stress and feeling the warm comforting dump in her filthy panties, Stacy didn’t have anything to resist the urge to poop anymore, not that she wanted to anyhow. So she finally surrendered herself to her shit and allowed all of it to enter her underwear unopposed.

One by one, poop coiled out of Stacy’s ass and plop into the mess inside her panties. The first few turds were very firm and solid, but the newer logs slowly turned softer. The red panties’ bulge was already large initially, but now it was growing even bigger and heavier as more shit was loaded into the panties. The former red fabric of the bulge was now stained completely brown, Stacy’s underwear was definitely ruined for sure. Stacy herself was enthralled by the relief washing over her, the pungent poopy odor putting her mind at ease. It felt euphoric to feel her body’s contents being emptied from her, and to be collected in her undies. While all this was going on, Stacy still had her eyes focused on her video game, as her character was busy doing the same thing. The avatar just stood there passively, filling her own sagging underwear with warm poop. Stacy couldn’t help but wonder if the avatar was feeling the same way that she was right now.

By the time Stacy was empty of waste, her panties had a swollen poopy bulge the size of a small watermelon, while her avatar was close behind with a load the size of a cantaloupe. ‘Hehe. Alright then, we’ll call it a draw,’ Stacy mused to herself, pretending to interact with her avatar competitor. This certainly wasn’t a loss for Stacy, not with how huge and satisfying her load felt in her underwear. She couldn’t help but rub her bulge gently against her chair, hearing her poop softly squelch from her massage. Satisfied with the outcome of her personal challenge, Stacy gets comfy in her chair and continues her game uninterrupted. 

She’ll play with her load and change herself later, for now she’ll just enjoy the warm company of her poop in between her ass cheeks and underwear. As for the avatar in the game, she was feeling the large bulge in her panties, her face mirroring Stacy’s pleasure. This plainly answers Stacy’s previous question of the avatar’s emotions. So Stacy decides to let her character stew in her poopy panties while playing onward, much like herself. All in all, a fantastic panty poop that was well worth the desperation.

The End

Stand by…

Volume 1 complete, initializing Volume 2…

*003*2023-05-28 21:42

{{12 hours ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

What an original idea! Your writing is fast and loose but fun nonetheless. You give the desperation and defecation all the attention they need. And even though it's not what the story is about you give us a great description of the actions and feelings of getting off work and relaxing on a nice day. The only serious problem is shifting tense.

This is a clever and entertaining messing story that can be read in one sitting, something we could use more of here. Well done!

}}

Why thank you for your encouraging words, I deeply appreciate it. One thing I notice with many stories on the net was the lack of detail to the actual messing itself. Which is something I wanted to severely correct with my stories, giving you vivid imagery in your head as you read, as all great stories do.

Your critique is also highly appreciated. Looking back after looking up the phrase 'shifting tense,' I do realize I'm guilty of doing that and see how it can be a negative. Though I would love if you could elaborate on how my writing is fast and loose, I'm curious and knowing these things will help me hopefully improve as I make more.

Again thank you for the support and critique. Feel free to do the same for my other stories as well. The more outside perspective I get whether positive or negative helps me a ton. 🙂👍

*005*2023-06-04 04:19

{{14 minutes ago, Jimmy Olsen said:

It's hard to explain precisely. It's just a way of doing things.

I'm happy you found my critique helpful. I hope to see more messes from you!

}}

My pleasure! You'll definitely find more diapers and panties full and bulging with poop in the future!

