The tomboy

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-07-07 21:09

The persons of this story are young, but they are all over 18 years.

Mike and Peter were friends.

Peter had a brother and a stepsister, Kim was the name of the girl.

She was a tomboy, very slim, naughty and cheeky.

Her body was boyish and a dream for everyone who loves girls who looks like boys. Her face was as well boyish, it was like the face of a cute boy.

Mike was one of the boys who loved that kind of girls and he loved boys who looked like girls as well.

Furthermore had Mike another predilection, he had a turn for pee desperate girls.

He was get turned on so much when a girl was needing to piss very bad, but couldn’t go or didn’t go for some reason, for hours on end.

Mike saw Kim sometimes before when he visited Peter, or when he picked him up for going out.

He was always turned on about that girl and dreamed about to see Kim’s slim, boyish legs knotted and to see her bony knees rubbing together from needing to piss so very, very urgent.

When he was lying in his bed late at night, he did cum sometimes very heavy about that imagination.

He wanted to hear her begging for a toilet and wanted have the chance to make her hold and wait.

With a little bit of luck and a little help from his friend, he would get an opportunity very soon.

Peter and he wanted to go to a music festival and Kim and another girl, a friend of her, wanted to come with them.

They had to go for nearly 3 hours with Mikes car to get there.

Peter did know very well about Mikes lust at bursting bladder girls and he was getting aroused as well about girls who are desperate to piss.

Mike animated Peter to find a way to prevent his stepsister from peeing in the morning before they are leaving.

Peter agreed and said to torture her bladder will be a good punishment for all the naughtiness she did to him.

He informed his brother about his plan and was begging him to occupy the bathroom at the morning when they are going to the event.

His brother said that he enjoy it to do that, because “this naughty, cheeky gal must get punished from time to time and need to piss, but forced to hold it will be a good punishing for her. “ he said. “Torture her bladder, don’t stop at the motorway, make her piss in her panties!” he continued.

At this day they were getting up early in the morning.

Kim wanted to the bathroom, but it was occupied. They had not very much time, because Mike was picking them up very soon and Peter was making a lot of pressure.

Kim went back in her room and dressed her up.

She did wear a tight T shirt, no bra to show her breasts and her nipples. Her breasts were small but very good shaped and then a very short skirt to show her slim, perfect shaped, super sexy legs nearly up to her white, little panties.

Her legs and her thighs were bare, her belly was nude as well from her navel down to the low waisted little skirt.

She noticed since a long time that Mike had an eye for her and she had absolutely a crush of Mike.

She wanted to turn him on with her outfit, or better with her body and her naked skin.

After a little while was Kim a second time standing in front of the closet toilet door.

”We have to go now, Mike is waiting already.” said Peter.

” But i HAVE to piss!!!” said the tomboy.

”Maybe, but we don’t have time for such unimportant things. Squeeze your slit together and hold it, you are old enough to control your bladder and if it’s really necessary, you can piss at motorway service station.”answered Peter and pushed her out of the door.

Mike was already waiting in his car in front of the house.

He was absolutely impressed about that girl, just to look at her made his dick stiff.

”Did she, or did she not “ was the first question to Peter.

”She did not, she wanted to do it, but i didn’t let her go. She didn’t piss since yesterday evening, i think that she is pretty full, but you don’t need to stop for her.

She is a girl, torture her, girls can endure a lot, make her hold!” answered Peter.

Mike looked at the girls gorgeous body and thought at her full bladder inside her sexy, slim belly.

He could no more hide his boner in his shorts. Kim noticed that, was aroused about it, but didn’t know the whole reason for that.

”Thank you so much, it will be a great day!” said Mike to Peter and smiled.

*002*2025-07-09 07:22

It would be great to have that girl beside me thought Mike, but that was the place for Peter.

Kim was sitting on the back seat. Mike adjusted his rear mirror in a way that he could see her, especially the body of this so horny-making girl.

Her skit was ridden up so much that Mike could almost see her white panties between her naked, sexy thighs.

Mike loved white girl panties !

The imagination, or better the reality that there was underneath the white fabric a cunt where the wee from the whole night wanted to come out very urgently, made him absolutely horny.

Kim could see very well where he was looking and spread her thighs even more, to give him a better view.

He had never before seen her thighs naked up to her panties, he had never before seen her little white panties, he was horny that is was nearly hurting.

”The naughty, little slut wants to make me horny, i love it, but she must get punished for that .

Her bladder has to pay for it, i will not stop for her to let her piss, not even when her bladder is near to explode. She doesn’t know it, she can’t know it, but to see that gorgeous body desperate to piss, will increase my horniness to an unbelievable level.” thought Mike to himself.

They picked up the other girl who lived near Kim and Peter.

On the way to the motorway whispered the girls something what the boys couldn’t hear and not understand.

Not even a half an hour later, just on the motorway said that friend of Kim”can we stop on the next service station?”

Mike did know very well the reason why, but he played unknowingly and said “we don’t have to stop, i have enough petrol even for the way home.”

”Not for petrol, for the toilet, Kim is needing to wee so bad.” answered the girl.

”Oh, i understand, but Kim is a big girl, i think that she can wait until we are there.

2 hours can not be a big problem for a big girl!! Or Kim???” asked Mike sarcastic.

Kim didn’t answer, the cheeky tomboy didn’t say even one word.

”2 hours are usually not a problem for a girl, but she didn’t get a chance to pee in the morning, she was not at the loo since yesterday evening.

Therefore you should stop as soon as possible to let her wee!” said the girl.

”Stop begging for me for a piss!

Maybe that i look a little bit boyish, but i am a girl, a strong girl. You don’t have to stop for me. I am able to hold it!” said Kim.

”How long?” wanted Mike know.

”As long as i want. I told you that i am a strong girl.” answered Kim.

”That means that you would be able not to go to the toilet when we arrive?” asked the already very horny guy.

”Stop talking about such silly things and stop at the next station to let her wee. It is not healthy to hold it back for so long.” said Kim’s friend a little bit angry.

”Maybe that it is not healthy, but it is very exciting and it is not unhealthy if you don’t do it too often. It will be a good bladder training. And furthermore, we boys loves full girl bladders and girls who are needing to piss!”answered Mike.

“I will not stop, because Kim said that it is not necessarily, she is a big girl, she can hold it.” continued Mike.

”I always wanted to know how long can a girl endure not to pee.

You said you can hold it as long as you want! How long is this? How long can you keep your white, little panties dry if you don’t go to the loo? Until noon? Until afternoon? asked Mike full of lust and horniness.

Kim noticed that she was able to turn Mike on very much with her full bladder and with her holding performance and therefore she said something unreal “ okay, if you have doubts on me and at my body control, i’ll show you what a girl can endure.

I will hold it until i am at home late in the evening.”

”That is absolutely impossible, never ever you can endure this for so long!!

I bet you will piss your panties if you don’t go to the loo.” said Mike.

”I bet, i will not!!” answered Kim.

*003*2025-07-09 12:46

{{14 hours ago, mehgamer4562 said:

I hope there is gonna be more to this because this is gold

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it.

*004*2025-07-11 13:41

“That is no more funny, what you are doing to my friend. You can’t encourage her to hurt herself.

You are a sadist and you are crazy as well and i know that Kim will be crazy enough to try this, she will damage her bladder if she holds her urine back for so long, her bladder will burst if she doesn’t pee soon.” said Kim’s friend.

”I am not a sadist, i would never be able to do someone harm, but i admire girls with a strong bladder and a good holding ability.

I admire girls who are able to suppress their urge for hours on end and i admire Kim, she is such a strong girl!

And honestly, it turns me on a lot to know that she didn’t piss since yesterday and that she is needing to go so bad and still don’t go.

And absolutely no!! She will never damage her bladder, her bladder will not burst, she will piss in her panties long before this happens.

But don’t worry, it will be absolutely impossible for her to hold it back until she is at home. She HAS to piss long before! She will go to the loo, or she will squat somewhere, or she will piss her panties wet. What ever, she will piss before she is at home!”said Mike and smiled dirty.

“I am not crazy, you both are crazy!

Stop to talk about me like i am a guinea pig!

I am a human, i am a girl and i know what i do, or better what i will not do, i will not piss until i am at home, I’ll demonstrate it to you, disbeliever .” said Kim. “

Mike was horny as hell about that talk and about that situation and Kim was aroused as well.

It was a special turn on for her, that everybody knew that she was needing to pee and that she was holding a very full bladder in her super slim abdomen.

And it was a turn on for her to see the look in Mikes face when she showed him her naked, smooth thighs up to her white panties.

She did love to be able to turn on that boy which she liked since so many months.

2 hours later they were at the parking lot of the stadium where the event happened.

On the way to the stadium they stopped at the toilets.

They went inside for to pee, but the girl with the fullest bladder and the strongest urge to pee, was waiting outside with tight crossed legs.

“Go inside and piss finally!” said the friend of Kim.

”No, i don’t, i have a bet with Mike and i don’t want to lose it!”

“You are such a good girl!” said Mike.

”Why i am a good girl?” asked Kim.

”You are a good girl, because good girls don’t pee and you don’t pee!”answered Mike.

”Okay, then i am a good girl!” said Kim and smiled at Mike.

They listened to some bands before they had a lunch.

Kim was sitting with her sexy, slim legs tight crossed. Her overfilled bladder tortured her very bad and she tortured her bladder, because she still didn’t piss.

Her belly was visibly swollen and Mike loved it to see her bladder bulging out of her thin abdomen.

After dinner they went again to the loo and Kim was again waiting outside.

”Your sister is really great, we pissed three times today and she not even once.” said Mike to Peter.

”I can’t believe that she can endure that, she must be full to explode!” answered Peter.

They went to the stage to listen to the next band.

Mike didn’t touch that girl before, but now he could no more resist. He putted his right arm around her small hips and was holding her tight all the walk to the stage.

He was holding her like lovers do that and Kim loved it.

It was already late afternoon . Kim was standing with her sexy, naked legs tight crossed.

She lifted one leg and pressed one of her hot thighs against the other. She was bending her knees and was rubbing her knees together. She did all that whereof Mike dreamed when he was lying in his bed late at night and now he could see that in reality.

To see that sexy, boyish girl needing to piss like crazy, made him nearly cum.

His stiff dick in his shorts expressed his horniness.

Mike looked at the girls naked, sexy and so wonderful shaped, slim, tight crossed legs and said ”Does my cute little boy need to pee so bad?” He asked that full of horniness and full of tenderness in the same way.

He moved behind her, butted both arms around her and pressed his body hard against her body.

Kim could feel his hard dick on her firm, little ass.

Mike pushed both hands between the waistband of her skirt and her naked belly skin down to her panties.

This extra pressure from outside was torture for her so much overfilled bladder.

She was moaning, she was bending over, she crossed her legs as tight as she could and said “ you will burst my bladder if you push so hard on it.”

Mike could feel the firmness and hardness of her bladder which was bulging out noticeable like a ball of her slim abdomen.

He was holding that pissball with both of his hands and imagined how much hot girlwee she was holding inside and how urgently she must have needed to piss.

He loved what he did and it was so exciting for him to hold this slim, boyish girl in his arms and to feel with his hands her very full bladder and with his fingers her white panties, which he watched so long in the mirror during the journey.

Tighter and tighter he pressed his body against hers and more and more he kissed her neck and licked with his wet tongue over her smooth skin.

”Would you like to be my cute little boy?” he whispered in her ear.

He did it to tease her and for him was it a extra turn on, because he was bisexual and he did like slim girlie boys as well.

“I am not your little boy, i am a girl.” answered Kim.

”Are you sure?” asked Mike. “Let me test it!” he said and pushed one finger under the waistband of her panties down to her slit and then deep inside her wet slit.

”Oh yes, you are a girl, you are a great girl, you are a gorgeous girl, i like you since very long . I have to change my question, i must ask you “would you like to be my cute little girl?”

”Oh yes, i would love to be your girl since i saw you the first time.” answered the girl, turned around and kissed him full with ferventness.

”Hey, what are you two naughties doing here, everyone is already looking at you. Do you want to have sex in the middle of the crowd ?” asked Kim’s friend.

”Let them do it! I know it since a long time that they like each other.” said Peter.

“They match together, they are both a little bit crazy, but i like them both.” continued Peter.

“Apropos crazy, it seems like she forgot her full bladder with all her horniness.”said the girl caustically.

”Oh no, i can’t forget my bladder, i am needing to piss worst at my whole life, but i will not go, i will hold it for my boy, even my silly bladder will burst!” said the girl.

*005*2025-07-12 21:20

Mike and Kim couldn’t get enough of each other. They walked side by side and kissed each other more and more.

Peter said “look at those two, they devour each other, they don’t need us anymore. What’s about us?”he said and butted his arm around the hips of the girl and she did let him do it and pressed her body against his body.

That girl had more hips and was much more round and more curvy than the thin tomboy.

Peter did like girls like that and it seemed that the girl was attracted as well by Peter as well.

Kim was walking all the way to the stage with rubbing knees.She was needing to piss, so unbelievably urgently, her bladder was up to her navel, but go to the toilet was not an option.

She wanted to be a good girl for Mike and good girls don’t pee, said Mike some hours before.

In front of the stage were a lot of people and Kim complained that she couldn’t see to the stage, therefore took her Mike on his shoulder.

Kim was sitting on his shoulders . Mike could feel the smooth skin of her inner thighs on his cheeks.

He was holding her with both hands on her bare knees and on and off he turned his head to side to kiss her slim thighs and licked her smooth skin of her inner thighs.

The girls cunt was pressed hard against his neck and was only separated by a little piece of fabric of her panties from his skin.

It was not easy for the girl, she was needing to piss so very, very bad, but she had to sit with thighs spread.

Mike could feel her firm bulging bladder on the back of his head.

He rolled his head and he pressed his head back, to torture her bursting bladder even more this way.

He loved it to feel how powerful she squeezed her naked thighs against his cheeks and to feel how she tensed her muscles to resist the strong pressure in her so much overfilled bladder to keep her wee inside her.

”I am at my limit, i can’t endure more torture. If you don’t stop to squeeze and to push my bladder so hard, you will get a warm shower.” whispered the girl in Mikes ear.

“I can feel it at my neck that your panties are still dry and i can smell your girl slit, but that is not urine what i smell, that is your horniness you naughty gal.” answered Mike and pushed his head hard on her bladder. Kim moaned loud, but no body could hear her, the music was much louder.

After a while he let her down. As soon as she was standing on the ground, she crossed her sexy, naked legs with all her power.

”What i am doing to this girl? on one hand i like her so much and on the other hand i torture her and i make her suffer so much.” asked Mike himself.

At the same moment asked Kim the same question “i can feel it that you like me and i am really, really happy about it, but why do you like to see me suffer so much if you like me?” she asked.

”I have no answer for that question, but it makes me more horny than anything else to see you standing here with your wonderful legs knotted and to know that you didn’t wee since yesterday!

You must need to go very, very bad!!?? Don’t you?? How bad? Is it painful to hold it back for so long? Does your bladder hurt from getting raped so much and for so long?

It is evening, you suppress your urge since you waked up early in the morning. I absolutely admire you for that, for your holding ability, for your bladder control and for your willpower.” said Mike, took the girl in his arms and kissed her full of fervor before she could answer.

He could not resist to put his hands on her sexy, firm, little ass and to pull her against his body and to press his boner hard against her bulging bladder.

He could feel her slim body judder from the effort to tense her muscles to keep her panties dry.

*006*2025-07-16 08:30

“Until today i didn’t know what it means need to pee very bad.

When i have not been at the toilet in the high school all day long and i arrived at home late at afternoon, sometimes very desperate, then i thought that i would need to pee very bad and i thought that i would have been not able to wait even 10 minutes longer.

This morning i told Peter that i need to pee and that i absolutely have to go to the toilet before leaving. Now it is evening and i still have not been at the toilet and i still have not peed.

Now i know what it means needing to pee and how it feels need to go very, very urgently.

I couldn’t even imagine that i would be able to endure it for so long without to pee.

But now i can’t stand it much longer, i nearly can take it no more.My bladder is stretched like a balloon close before bursting.

It is hurting a lot to hold the urine back for so long, but it is a special kind of pain, it is exciting as well and it is extra exciting for me to know that you gets turned on about my full bladder and my strong urge and i love it to turn you on.” said the girl and kissed him.

She was standing with her sexy, bare legs tight crossed, was rubbing her knees together and whispered in his ear” sorry, but i need to wee so bad , you can’t even imagine how bad!!! I have to cross my legs, it wants com out of me so very urgently.”

”You don’t have to be sorry, i love to see you like that!

You can’t even imagine how much i love it to see your gorgeous, boyish, super slim body move like that, you can’t imagine how much it turns me on to see your wonderful sexy, nude legs crossed and to see your bladder bulging out down there.” said Mike and caressed Kim’s swollen belly tenderly with his hand.

He couldn’t resist to press, first soft and then harder and harder on the girls already enough tortured bladder to torture it even more.

The poor girl moaned, knotted her legs and was bending over.

Peter and the other girl sawed was Mike was doing with Kim.

“You really can’t get enough to torture her, she didn’t piss since longer than 20 hours, she is needing to go so bad since sooo long, but she is still holding it for you and you press on her bladder, that is not fair!

You will burst her bladder if you don’t stop doing that, a girl’s bladder is not made for holding her urine for so long.” blustered the girl.

“ I know that i am bad, but i can’t help myself, Kim’s overfilled bladder turns me on so much, i like to feel the fullness and the firmness and i love to press on it to increase her urge, but i don’t want to burst her bladder and her bladder will not burst.

A girl bladder can endure much more, i did read about girls who are able to hold their pee for two days.” answered Mike.

”Let him do it, I like to suffer for him, i think i am a little bit masochistic.” said Kim to her friend.

”You are both crazy!!” answered the girl.

*007*2025-07-17 05:49

“Maybe that we are both crazy, but we love to be crazy, or?” said Mike and pointed to Kim.

”Yes we love it said.” the girl and kissed her new boyfriend.

“You are beyond help!” said the other girl to her friend.

”You are wrong! said Mike “A girl bladder is very well made to hold!!

Boys can pee, but girls have to hold it!!

I have seen that so many times when i was on tour with a mixed group of girls and boys.

After a long period of time were we all needing to pee. The boys pissed anywhere, but the girls had no shelter to squat. They had to cross their legs and to hold it, sometimes for hours longer.

I did love that situations!!

A girl bladder is made to hold and girls are made to be able to hold it until they can go.

Some of the girls are pretty good in holding and i know what about i am talking, but not even one of the girls was as good as my cute little tomboy.” said Mike.

One hour later she couldn’t hide her need anymore. Everyone who saw her, was knowing that this girl was needing to piss very urgently and that she was needing a loo more than anything else.

”Mike, i think i will not be able to hold it back until i am at home, i have to pee before we leave.” Said the girl on the way to the car.

”You will be able to wait until you are at home, it doesn’t even take 3 hours.

Be my good girl and squeeze your little pussy together and hold it back.”Said Mike.

They stopped at the same toilet as in the morning when they arrived.

Peter and “his” girl lined up. Mike and Kim hesitated.

” You will finally piss now!” said Kim’s friend to her and wanted to pull her by her hand to the line.

Kim wanted to go so badly, she was so near where she could piss her pain away. She looked with beginning eyes to Mike, but he said “you two can go, we are waiting outside. My girl doesn’t need to go, my girl is a good girl she doesn’t pee, she is waiting until she is at home.”

Kim was shocked and desperate, to hear that he didn’t let her to the toilet, her bladder was near to explode, but she didn’t go.

Mike had pissed three times at this day, he was needing to go again, but he was waiting for solitary with her outside.

Kim was standing with crossed legs, like she did it so many times at this day.

Peter was back very soon and the other girl did either not take long.

As soon as she cam out was Kim squatting down.

”Do you piss your panties now, you silly girl?” She asked. “ I hope you do it finally before you hurt yourself.” She said angrily.

“No absolutely not!” Said Kim and was standing up, but was no more able to stand straight.

She walked with rubbing knees and lightly bent over to Mikes car.

They changed the seat, Kim was now sitting beside Mike and the other two at the back seat.

Kim had not weed since 23 hours, she was needing to pee so incredible urgently and badly, but she got into the car with the knowledge that she wouldn’t get a chance to go for 3 hours longer.

*008*2025-07-20 10:19

Kim was sitting beside Mike. He pushed her skirt up to see more of her sexy, bare thighs.

He lifted her skirt up to see her white little panties and he noticed how the waistband of her panties was pressing tight on her bladder swollen belly.

He pushed the waistband down to her slit and said “that will make it easier for you.”

Mike was impressed about how big her bladder was and how much her bladder was bulging out of her small, flat stomach.

He admired her for her pee holding performance and as well as for her willpower to hold her urine back in her slim body for one entire day.

She hadn’t been at the loo since the day before at evening. She had not weed longer than 24 hours and she suppressed her urge since she waked up early in the morning.

Her lower abdomen was full with her bladder, or exactly with her wee, which wanted to come out so urgently and badly from the little hole between her wonderful thighs.

They did drive already longer than one hour. They didn’t speak very much and listened silently to the music in the radio.Mike looked off and on in the mirror and saw how the two on the backseat kissed and how they had their hands on each other’s body and caressed each other.

He saw how the girl beside him was more and more fighting against her human needs and how she fought to keep her panties dry.

He could see how she balled her hands to fists and how she tensed her upper thigh muscles when she tensed all the muscles in her body with all her power and all effort to hold her wee inside her.

Sometimes she squeezed her thighs with both of her hands very hard and sometimes she knotted her legs and bent over.

Nearly at home, Kim had both of her hands pressed tightly in her crotch and whispered in Mikes ear “ Mike i am sorry, but i can’t stand it anymore, i did my best, but it is unbearable, can you please stop somewhere for to let me pee!!???”

Usually has Mike not a little bit mercy with a girl who is needing to pee, not even when her bladder hurts and is about to explode.

A girl can NEVER be desperate enough for him, especially in his imagination, but on one hand is there a different between reality and fiction and on the other hand he did like Kim very much and he didn’t want to hurt her so much.

”Honestly my brave, babe, i would stop for you, but we are already in the city, i can’t stop here anywhere and you can’t squat here anywhere on the street, i think you will have to hold it for a half an hour longer and then you can go at your home.”Said Mike.

Kim’s friend did hear that she was begging for to pee and said “ i hope that you will piss your panties and that you wet his seat with 1.5 liter stinky piss which you stored since yesterday.

That would be a good punishment for both of you!”

”Don’t be so cruel to us, your friend is such a good girl, she is such a strong girl, she is my holdingqueen and moreover, i think i love her.” Answered Mike.

Kim loved to hear all that compliments and that Mike loved her, but she was getting more and more frantic.

”Oh my god, i need to pee so bad, much more can i not endure, i am at the limit of my endurance and of my body control. I would pee beside the car if you would let me.”Said the suffering girl.

Mike had a little bit pity with her, but was horny in the same way about the situation and about the girls bad need, he wanted more of it, therefore he said “ you are too big for that, big girls don’t pee beside the car, good girls don’t pee at all and you will be able to hold it.”

Kim was in pain from needing to pee so bad and urgently, but she was horny as well about that Mike didn’t let her go, that he dominated her, that he didn’t let her do her bodily needs and about that he tortured her and her bladder.

That was new for her, it was painful and horny at the same time and in the same way.

She didn’t know that before, it was a kind of pain horniness, she was getting aroused from her painful urge to pee and from her hurting overfilled bladder.

Maybe she was a masochist, she thought to herself, because she was getting turned on very much about being not allowed to go to the toilet, she was getting aroused about being banned to pee and about to get her bladder tortured so much.

Although it was hurting her, she did like it to get her bladder pressed, squeezed, bushed and tortured, like Milk did it at afternoon, but now she was at the limit of her endurance, she couldn’t no more.

The circumstances that Mike was horny as well about her desperation, to see how big and stiff his penis became in his shorts because of her bursting full bladder, was helping her a little bit.

She relished and enjoyed it being able to make him horny so much that way.

She did use the situation to turn him on to his maximum. She lifted her skirt up to show him her white panties, she pressed the fabric of the panties between her naked thighs deep in her girl slit and said “ i need to pee sooooo bad, please stop somewhere and let me do it, i can’t stand it no longer.”

She was near her absolutely limit, but she knew very well that he wouldn’t let her pee.

”He said it again “ I don’t stop, big girls don’t pee on the street, good girls don’t pee at all and you will wait until you are at home.” Answered Mike.

”Evil!” Said the friend of Kim to Mike.

Peter on the other hand was much impressed about the peeholding performance of her sister and was turned on about her piss need.

Kim wanted increase her masochist lust and therefore she was begging once more to stop for a much needed wee, but in reality she wanted get denied, she wanted be made to hold it, she wanted to be full to burst but not being allowed to go.

”Stop to whine like a little schoolgirl and hold it!!” Was Mikes short answer.

“My bladder is stretched to the last fiber, it will explode if you don’t let me go!” Said the girl.

”Your bladder will not explode, your bladder can endure more than you can imagine, much more. I told you that there are girls who can hold their urine for two days. You HAVE to be able to hold it leastwise for one day!”Said Mike.

Kim lifted her skirt and moved one hand under the rubber band of her panties and pressed one finger against her peehole.

She did it to support her sphincter and to make Mike even more horny.

Mike’s penis was bone hard since hours, his horniness should hurt him as much as her bladder hurts her, thought Kim to herself.

Mike was horny as hell about to see the girls naked thighs, her swollen belly, her bladder visible bulging, her white panties and her hand inside her panties at her pussy and about the knowledge that she didn’t piss since the day before.

Kim’s urge was nearly unbearable, but she wanted to get tortured even more, she couldn’t get enough.

”Look how swollen my bladder is, feel how hard it is, can’t you understand that i have to pee, let me finally go!!”She said and took his hand and putted it on her swollen belly.

Mike could feel the hardness and couldn’t resist to press on it. That was it was the girl wanted, she wanted to get tortured and Mike wanted to torture her, he massaged her bladder until the girl was shaking with all her body from needing to pee so bad.

The two on the back seats did no more know what was going on.

Kim and Mike played and lived a perfect sadomasochistic game.

”Stop and let me pee!” Said the girl, but meant the opposite.

”I told you that you should stop begging for to pee, but you didn’t obey.

You are no more a good girl, you are a bad and a naughty girl and you have to get punished for that.

”I’ll bring first your friend home and then you and Peter. Make you wait 15 or 20 minutes longer will be a good punishment and a good bladder training for you.” Said Mike and smiled sadistic.

”Oh no, how bad and sadistic can a boy be to torture a poor girl so much?

Please bring me home as fast as possible, don’t let me unnecessarily suffer longer than necessary.”She was begging.

”No, i will not!! You have to learn discipline and you have to learn to obey.” Answered the boy.

Kim was sitting until they arrived 20 minutes later, with her hand in her panties and her finger between her pussy lips, pressed on her pee hole.

She was moaning from needing to piss and as well from horniness. Her panties was getting already damp, but it was not from her wee.

As soon as the car stopped in front of the house, opened the girl the door, pulled her panties down under her sexy knees and started to piss before she was really squatting.

She was pissing with high pressure and a loud hissing sound endless long.

Mike saws the first time the girls shaved girl slit and that in the sexiest presentation.

He saw her piss jetting out of her so hard , that he thought that pressure would rip her pisshole.

The girl moaned and groaned because of relief until she was empty, the first time since 26 hours, then she pulled her little panties up on her thighs over her sexy, firm, little ass.

Except Mike could nobody see that, because there were no people on the street and she had a good shelter between the car and the car door.

Mike was needing to piss already very bad as well, but he didn’t, or maybe he couldn’t because his dick was to stiff.

He walked to her side kissed her and said “that was sooo great!! So hot !!! It was the greatest and most arousing experience in my whole life. You are gorgeous girl!! I like you so much!!”

He kissed her again, took her ass with both hands and pressed her slim body hard against his body.

Belly against belly and they could both feel his hard, big boner between their now flat bellies.

”Can we meet at Saturday?” He asked.

”I would love it!!” She whispered spontaneously in his ear.

Then she said “ I love you!” and asked “should i skip my morning pee on Saturday?”

*010*2025-07-20 14:14

{{24 minutes ago, Resch said:

Great performance by Kim. Holding it that long is impressiv. Maybe she should not only skip her morning pee on Saturday but also her pee on Friday evening.

}}

You are right, Kim’s holding performance is great and she wants to get tortured, i agree with you, she should skip her evening pee on Friday as well.

She should go to sleep on Friday with her bladder minimum half full and then no morning pee on Saturday.

Mike will make her hold her full bladder on Saturday as long as possible, or longer.

A girl bladder can expand to double size from full, i think that Kim will be strong enough to stretch it!

Mike will be strong enough to make her hold hold for so long.

*011*2025-07-21 20:58

“How are you babe?” Asked Mike next morning when he called Kim.

”Thank you, very good, i am so happy that you called me.” said the girl and asked “and how are you?”

”Good as well, but i don’t know what you have done with me, i couldn’t sleep, i had to think all night long about you .”Answered Mike.

”It was the same for me, i had a restless night as well because of you.”

”They forecast a good weather for the weekend. Would you like to go to the lido with me on Saturday?” He asked.

”Oh yes, i would love to !”answered the girl spontaneous.

Mike didn’t know how to say it, but he had to talk about it and therefore he said a little bit bathful “ You told me yesterday that you would skip your morning pee when we meet on Saturday.

You know how much i love that, but is it outrageous if i beg you to skip your before sleeping pee as well?”

” You don’t have to beg, just tell me that i am not allowed to go , tell me that i have to go to bed without peeing and tell me what is the last time i am allowed to pee on Friday?” Said the girl.

”Would 6 pm be okay for you?” Asked Mike still bathful.

“Yes, it will be okay! No wee for me before sleeping on Friday and no wee for me on Saturday morning.”said the girl.

”And one more, can you wear your smallest bikini, i want to see as much as possible from your beautiful, sexy body and i want to see how your bladder gets bigger and bigger and it grows out of your slim belly.” Said Mike.

”I will wear my smallest bikini for you and i want to be a good girl for my big boy.

I bring for you, my bladder very full on Saturday morning and i will let my bladder suffer for you until you let me to the loo.” Said the girl.

”Girl , you are driving me crazy !!! I don’t know what i did without you vor so long.” answered Mike very much aroused.

*012*2025-07-30 20:39

It was Saturday 9 am, Mike was on the way to pick up his girl. The girl with the boyish body, he loved so much.

He could hardly wait to see this body in a small bikini and he was curious whether she would keep her promise not to pee after 6 o’clock on Friday.

The girl got in his car, kissed him and asked “ How are you big boy!”

”Thank you, i am feeding very good when i see you.” He answered and asked “and how are you!”

”I couldn’t wait as well to see you, except that i am needing to pee very urgently, i feel very good.” Answered the girl.

”Haven’t you been in the morning and not before sleeping?” He asked full of lust.

” I was not allowed to go, i was told to hold it and i have been a good girl for my big boy, i didn’t pee.”answered the girl.

Mike’s cock was getting clearly visible in his short shorts and Kim loved to see that.

Kim wore a short summer dress that ended well above her knees. Mike had his right hand on her left upper thigh until they arrived.

They took their beach bags, bought tickets and went to a quiet place where they spread out a large blanket on the lawn.

Afterwards they undressed and the girl stood now in front of him in her little bikini. The first time that he saw her wonderful, slim body nearly naked.

He saw her small, but well shaped breasts, her wonderful slim and perfect shaped legs with her sexy knees and her flat structured belly nude down to her public hair, but there were not any, because she was shaved, but Mike didn’t know this at the time.

The bikini panties were very small and covered just her pubic area. Over the waistband of her panties was a little bulge in the middle between her light pregnant hipbones, it was her very full bladder.

They were standing under a large tree, Mike could no more other than to take her in his arms and to kiss her.

He almost pressed her slim body in his own body.

He held her tight little ass with both hands and pressed her abdomen firmly against his.

He squeezed her swollen bladder that way and made her strong urge even stronger.

”Be careful with my bladder, you squeeze my wee out of me and i have is a lot of it inside.” Said Kim and smiled.

This for him exciting words, made him squeeze even more and even harder.

”Sadist and bladder torturer.” She said and crossed her legs very tight.

Then they lay down on the blanket. The girl lay on her back and Mike lay sideways next to her and pressed his hard cock against her tender thigh.

Kim could feel his boner and said “ it seems that your little friend down there, likes me very much.”

”He loves you as much as i do!” Answered the boy and kissed her again.

Mike was so fascinated by her body that he had to touch it all the time.

He stroked her slender legs, which were taut and slightly muscular. They looked more like legs of a boy and they were so much erotic for him.

He licked with his wet tongue over the tender skin of her thighs.

He kissed her swollen bladder and pressed his lips so hard on the bulge that the girl moaned with the need to piss so bad.

The tomboys bladder had to endure that!!

The girl had not peed for 16 hours but she had to endure being tortured additionally.

Massaging and kneading her overfilled bladder was one of Mike’s favorite activities.

Kim lay on her back and Mike couldn’t get enough of her flat, structured belly.

The elastic from her bikini bottoms stretched far below her navel from pelvis bone to pelvis bone. In the middle was the elastic pushed slightly outwards by her bulging bladder, that was creating gaps on the left and on the right.

Mike loved to push one or two fingers into the gap down to her pussy while pressing the ball of his hand repeatedly on her very, very full bladder.

”Bad boy!!!” Said the girl “ where are your fingers and what are you doing with your hand?” I haven’t peed since last evening, don’t you think that i need go urgently enough?” Asked the girl.

”You know babe you can never have to pee badly enough for me.

I would like to sit on your belly and ride your peeball.” Answered the boy.

” You are really crazy but i love it and i love you.” Said Kim and asked “how long does my pee ban last?”

”We will see, we have the whole day and i can’t wait to see your horny bladder grow out of your super sexy belly.” Said the boy.

”Can we go swimming?” She asked.

”Do you want to piss in the water?” Asked Mike worried.

”I would NEVER piss without my master’s permission. I will not let even a single drop out of me.said the girl and took him by the hand to leave.

”Okay we go for to swim and then for a drink.” Answered Mike.

*014*2025-08-01 22:00

On the way to the pool had Mike his arm around the girl’s hips.

They walked close together side by side and he liked the feeling when their thighs were rubbing against each other, skin on skin.

Then they went in the pool, they stood inside the water covered their bodies up to their chest.

The boy was standing behind the girl, he had her tightly wrapped with his arms. His hands were on her belly to feel her slightly curved bladder and couldn’t help it, he had to press softly on it until the girl moaned.

His fingertips were already between her belly and the bikini panties.

He pushed his hands deeper and deeper into the panties until his fingers touched her pussy.

He parted her closed slit with one finger and pushed it deep inside.

After some time of fooling around they left the pool and went to the coffee shop.

A drink would be really good for her full bladder and for his lust to overfill it even more, though Mike to himself.

They were totally surprised when they met Peter and Kim’s friend there, the two wanted to surprise them and they succeeded.

Mike and Kim weren’t sure if they were happy about it. On one hand they were really happy about it, but on the other hand they would have liked to have been alone.

It didn’t last very long and they had a lot of fun and were laughing about many things and situations.

Mike invited them to their blanket and not before Kim lied down her friend saw her belly with her bladder bulging out.

”Oh my god, how full is your bladder, it’s big as a soccer ball! Since how long are you holding it back? Does your bad boy don’t let you pee?” She asked.

”Oh, my bladder is really big and very visible, but that is because my belly is so small and thin, so you can see my bladder better.

My big boy didn’t allow me to pee this morning and i am still banned to pee.” Answered Kim.

”You haven’t peed since 10 pm yesterday? I told you that is not healthy what you are doing.” Blustered Kim’s friend.

”I didn’t pee exactly since yesterday 5.55 pm, my bladder is already very full, but a bladder is made vor storage urine.” Said Kim.

”But not for so long!!” Answered the other girl.

”You can’t talk about something what you have no idea about.

I like to be Mike’s girl and i am his with my soul and with my body. My body belongs to him. He will tell me when i am allowed to pee and how long i have to hold it no matter what.”Said Kim.

”Stupid is stupid and you are very stupid, i can’t and i want say anything more about it.” Said the girl.

Peter realized his stepsister anymore, she have been always so determining and absolutely not subservience. But he liked her in that role, he liked to see her suffer and it was turning him on to see her bladder so very full in her thin abdomen.

Mike was a little bit inhibited and bewildered because of Kim’s friend, but one the other hand he wanted to use the chance to make his girl hold her pee until she can’t anymore.

Never before in his life he saw a girl bladder so clearly in the belly of a girl, that view and the imagination how much urine she is holding inside and how strong her urge must be, turned him on very much.

He wanted to hear her begging for to pee and he wanted to see her sexy legs knotted to keep her wee inside her. He wanted to hear her moaning for need and therefore he wanted to torture her poor bladder even more.

Running and jumping will be a good torture for a very, very full bladder.

”Let’s play beach volleyball.” Said Mike.

”Great idea!” Said others except Kim, because she knew very well what that means for her and for her bladder and how painful that could get for her.

Her friend didn’t think about that, but both boys as well.

Kim had to jump with her hands up to reach the ball, every time she she stretched her stomach tensed and pressed brutally on her busting full piss ball and every time she hit the ground, felt her heavy bladder like a bowling ball in her stomach.

It was pretty painful for her and for her bladder, but the boys loved to see her suffer and to cross up and on her thighs.

Peter had found full pleasure in his sister’s distress. He deliberately shot a ball with full force at the girl’s swollen belly, right at her bulging, full bladder.

The poor girl writhed and pressed both hands tightly between her thighs, then she massaged her hurting bladder.

”Sorry, that was too much, it was so bad that i thought my bladder would burst. I’ll go back to our blanket.” Said Kim.

”Go to the loo before!” Said her friend.

”No i have no permission.” She answered.

”Or do i have one?” She asked Mike.

”No, not yet!”Answered Mike and took her any her hips to lead her back to their place.

*015*2025-08-02 22:07

They were already lying on the blanket again.

“I’m sorry about the ball, i didn’t want to hurt you.” Said Peter.

”Surely you wanted hurt me, you did this for purpose. You selective wanted to hit my belly and my bladder with the ball and you did it full force. You are evil,” said Kim to her stepbrother.

” That hurt me so much , you can’t imagine how much. My bladder is so full, i thought it would rip. That can really happen when a bladder is so much overfilled and overstretched.” Said Kim.

” I have no pity for you, your bladder shouldn’t be so full, go and piss already!”said her friend angry.

”No, i don’t go, i am not allowed to go.” Answered the girl.

”Let’s go swimming.”said Peter.

”That’s a good idea.” Said all the other’s.

”You can then pee in the water and nobody will see it.” Whispered the girl in Kim’s ear.

”I will not do that!” Was her short answer.

They were in the water for about a half a hour. Mike had again one or two fingers deep in his girlfriend and loved to feel her tight pussy squeeze even more.

Afterwards they went back to the coffee shop.

Kim drank understandably only a small limo and Mike didn’t force her to drink more. He wanted to enjoy his girl’s pissing need for hours longer.

Back on the blanket they all lay close together. Peter beside Kim’s friend and Mike close beside Kim.

The super slim tomboy lay on her back.Mike had one of his thighs on the girl’s belly, exactly on her bladder.

He made his thigh heavier than necessary, he loved to push her full bladder back into her stomach, which increased her already strong urge to pee even more.

The girl moaned in distress but let him do it and enjoyed to suffer for him.

They caressed each other, they kissed and Mike tortured his girl’s very full bladder even more.

Peter kissed Kim’s friend as well, maybe she will get be his new girlfriend.

After a while it became cloudy and so Peter suggested going to the cinema.

They all agreed. Kim asked Mike silently “ may go to the loo before?”

“You may not!” Answered the boy briefly.

“I haven’t weed since 23 hours, i can’t take much more.”Said Kim.

”Surely you can! Your bladder can endure more, much more! Be a good girl, squeeze your little pussy tightly, cross your sexy legs and hold!” Said Mike.

How bad can a boy be to a girl he loves and how stupid can a girl be to let her so much torture by a boy she loves, but both of them like it at their own way.

On the way to the cinema got Mike a call from his parents, they told him that they are away for the weekend and that they will come back not before Sunday evening.

Mike couldn’t believe in so much luck and asked Kim” do you like to stay overnight with me?”

”I would love that so much, but, but..” answered the girl full of joy.

”No but’s babe, no but’s!” Said Mike very strict.

*016*2025-08-10 16:06

The film was beginning at 7 pm and they arrived just a little before.

” My bladder is soooo full, i can’t stand it longer, please let me pee before we getting in.” Said Kim.

”No, not yet.” Said Mike, took her by her hand and went inside with her and the two other.

Kim obeyed and went with him inside without a wee.

”You are such a sadistic evil.” Said the friend of Kim.

“Many girls has to go out to the toilet during the film when the film is too long and she has to go in with her bladder full from 24 hours and will be not allowed to go out. That is more than bad.” She continued.

Mike had as usual his hand on the girl’s slim, bare thigh.

He could feel how she flexed her thigh muscles and how she squeezed his hand with her hand when her urge became too strong for her.

”Is it that bad?” He asked canting and loved it that it is bad.

”It’s more than bad, much more!” She answered.

Exactly that wanted the boy hear, he wanted to hear that she can’t stand it anymore, but she should get forced to stand it no matter how bad it will get.

She is a girl and girls have to be able to hold their wee back until they can go, or until they are allowed to go, although their bladders are full to explode.

”I know babe, it must be bad, you didn’t wee since yesterday evening, but you are such a good and brave girl, you will be able to wait.” Said Mike and kissed her cheek.

Kim pressed her knees together, scrunched her pussy tight and was holding it until the film was over.

Peter and the other girl did stay in the city and Mike went with Kim to his home.

The girl was walking with rubbing knees and her thighs close together from the parking lot to Mike’s house.

Everyone who saw her walking like that, was knowing that this girl had to piss very urgently.

No wonder, she has not pissed since 27 1/2 hours.

In front of the door, searched Mike for the keys, Kim was squatting down with both hands pressed hard between her thighs.

”I can’t no more, my panties are already wet, i HAVE to piss now, i can’t endure it any longer, let me to the loo!! Please let me finally wee!!! Said the girl as soon as they were inside.

”No, not now, you can wait, you can endure more, i want to see your absolutely limit. I always wanted to know how long a girl can endure without to piss.

Show it to me and hold your wee back in your sexy body until you absolutely can’t no longer, stretch your horny bladder to double size, make it big as a pumpkin.” Said the boy and led her to his room.

”My urge is so painful, my bladder hurts so much, i think that there is not even one girl in the whole world who is needing to wee more worser than me.” Answered the poor girl and went with one hand pressed hard between her thighs and with nearly crossed legs into Mikes room.

Mike stripped her short summer dress. The girl didn’t wear a bra, she was standing only with her white little panties in front of him.

Her sexy legs were crossed and her bladder was visible bulging out over the rubber band of her little panties.

He laid her in his bed and caressed her body, he kissed her and leaked her smooth skin all over her body.

”You wetted really your sweet panties. You are a naughty, dirty little girl, you should get punished for this and you should get trained and taught discipline.” Said the boy and pushed the wet fabric off her panties in her girl slit.

Then he rested his hand on top of her bladder and started to massage it in small circles. He butted more and more pressure on it until she moaned and whimpered from needing to wee so unbelievably bad, he pressed until her whole body quivered from the effort to hold her urine inside her.

”I know that you love to torture me and my poor bladder and you know that i love to be dominated by you and to get tortured by you, but more can i not endure, it is the limit of my endurance.” Said the girl and tried to but his hand away from her hurting bladder.

He pushed once more hard in her abdomen and then he let her calm down.

They were lying on their side, face to face. Mike had his arms around the slim body of his girl and had one thigh between the girl’s thighs. He pressed his thigh hard against her pussy and loved to feel the wetness of her panties on the skin of his thigh.

They were lying for a lot of time this way until the girl said “let me wee please, my urge is hurting me so much, let me to the loo,”

”No, not now.” Said the boy again. “You will have to hold it minimum until midnight, then you have the urine from 30 hours in your bladder, this would be a good goal, or better would be until tomorrow morning.” Answered the boy, pressed extra hard against her girlslit and pressed his hipbone on her swollen bladder.

She moaned loud and said “ there is no way to hold it until tomorrow, it is totally impossible, no human can endure not to pee for so long.”

Mike took off her panties and saw her the first time totally naked.

He saw her shaved pussy, her smooth, nearly closed lips and he couldn’t resist to play with her delicate girlslit.

He pushed one and sometimes two fingers deep inside her and he played with her clit until she moaned loud from lust and from needing to wee so badly.

The girl on the other hand stroked the boys stiff cock.

They were so horny that it didn’t last very long until they both climaxed.

For a short time went Mikes horniness away and the girl used this minutes to ask for permission to pee.

Mike agreed, he allowed her to pee, his pity was now greater than his sadistic lust on bursting full girl bladders, but she would have to do it in his room and not at the toilet.

He went to the kitchen for a measuring jug.

The girl was waiting, she was standing bent over with her legs knotted.

He held the jug between her thighs and as soon she opened her thighs she began to piss full force.

The urine was jetting with high pressure and a loud sound in the jug.

It did last a long time until it stopped.Mike could see how the girls belly was getting more and more flat.

He was holding the jug in his hands, it was full with 1.300 ml hot, dark yellow girl wee.

He couldn’t believe that she was able to hold so much wee inside her thin, boyish body.

After a shower they went back on the bed.

They were tight entangled for to sleep.

”You did it sooo good babe, it was a great performance from you and your mega strong bladder, but it was not your limit, you can endure more, you can hold more and you can hold it longer.

We will try it again, but now sleep well my angel.” Said Mike and kissed her tender.

