The Young Lovers (Of Pee)

Author: Macson

*000*2018-07-12 00:28

I'm back!!!

Hey Everyone,

For those of you who didn't see my last story (or forgot because it was months ago) I have writing experience, but I am pretty inexperienced when it comes writing omo. My last (and first) story didn't quite work with the omo aspect the way I wanted it to, so I was feeling stuck with trying to find a sequel for it. Instead, I created a brand new storyline! I may still go back to the other story at some point, but I am proud to give you this new work.

As the tags suggest, it features sex. It is basically a sex story (another new thing for me) with omo thrown in for good measure. Like my last story, it is inspired by some stories I have seen on this site, but in categories that I feel are under-represented (but great stories!). As I said, this is my first attempt at writing a sex scene so if there's anyone who's done it before, or knows good stories like this for me to read, please give me feedback so that I can improve. As always, any criticism or ideas are greatly appreciated and I hope to keep this thread going for quite some time. Now, without further ado, enjoy

P.S. I do quite envy Jason and aspire to be him one day

###

*RING RING RING*

Abby slowly opened her eyes as her alarm clock blared on the nightstand. She blinked, trying to clear away the haze in her eyes.

*RING RING RING*

Abby felt around for the off button. There it was… almost…

*RING* *CLICK*

She smashed the off button before the alarm could go off for a third time. Annoyed, she rolled onto her side as a familiar ache made itself known in her stomach. She had to pee. Bad. Today, like most days she could remember, moments after waking up she felt an extreme urge to pee. On the days when she didn’t feel that need, it was because she had already wet the bed and when Abby wet the bed, it less of a drizzle and more of a downpour. You are likely wondering why Abby didn’t wear some kind of protection to bed. That is because, secretly or not-so-secretly, Abby rather enjoyed wetting herself.

Abby suffered from an unlucky pairing of bladder traits. On one hand, she had a relatively large bladder. She could, at times, be out all day and not pee once before getting home. Meanwhile, for as long she could remember, she had had incontinence issues. Whenever she felt the need to go, she had only minutes before it was coming out. This was especially troublesome with her large bladder. Rather than simply suffering from small leaks, when Abby lost control, there was no hiding the damage. Nevertheless, Abby didn’t always accept her bladder’s limits, especially when there was something that occupied her attention. Today, was one of those days.

As Abby rolled onto her side, she looked upon her boyfriend, Jason’s, face. Having been dating since she was a sophomore (Jason was a senior at the time), they were still in love, three years into their relationship. Abby was 18 and had recently graduated from high school and had, even more recently, moved into Jason’s apartment. Now that they were around each other more frequently, their relationship had become closer than ever. Jason had even been quietly making plans to propose.

Abby was gazing at his face, wondering how or why she was lucky enough to have someone like him. They had met in the drama department, when one of his friends had won a bet, forcing him to audition for the upcoming musical. Abby, who was a frequent in the department, was instantly in love, or in “high school” love, that is. She found him incredibly attractive, as did almost every girl at the school, making Abby feel even more lucky, for having been the one to win the prize.

Abby’s bladder throbbed hard, reminding her of her need, and to spare the bed, as well as prolong the struggle which was starting to make her throb in other ways, she shoved one hand into her pussy and gripped, trying to hold in the gallons of piss that were trying to escape from their night of captivity. In this desperate process of keeping her panties (she only slept in panties) dry, she accidentally shook the bed, waking up Jason.

Jason, who was not yet awake enough to realize what was going on, reached one arm over Abby and pulled her closer to him. Abby, getting increasingly turned on, as well as increasingly wet keeping herself dry, didn’t resist. Jason was by now fully, or almost fully awake. He realized how desperately Abby needed to piss by the tense, furrowed expression on her face, and his erection went from morning wood to throbbing with anticipation. While Abby enjoyed feeling the desperation to pee, and the eventual wetting as well, Jason practically lived for it. He would challenge her at times to hold it and she, loving both the challenge as well as the competition, often agreed. Their sex life wasn’t limited to pee play, although it was certainly entwined.

With their bodies up against each other, Jason guided Abby to flip over so that she was facing away from him. They were both breathing heavily, wanting what was coming, but not wanting it to be over. In position, Jason first leaned his head in, not quite getting to her face before stopping and lightly biting her neck. She closed her eyes and began writhing in pleasure. Jason wasn’t about to let her get away. He reached an arm over her curvy, sexy, delicious body and worked his hand down from her stomach to her bladder, pausing for a moment to push slightly on the bulge that had formed before grabbing it and squeezing.

“Oh g-god Jason, I’m about to fucking p-piss,” Abby gasped between staggered breaths. Her writhing, which only a moment ago had been caused by intense sexual pleasure, was now increased by the imminent flood that would surely erupt from her pussy any moment. Her hands had never left her crotch after being plunged there to hold her pee, but she now found herself rubbing as well. She realized that by now, a squirt or two wouldn’t even be noticeable with how wet she was already.

Jason, for his part, knew how to work her and push all the right buttons. His hand left her poor bladder and went right into her panties, pushing Abby’s hands out of the way and he began vigorously rubbing her clit. Once again, her writhing doubled, and she almost screamed with pleasure. Her clit and vulva were swollen and already glistening with wetness. She was panting like an animal and Jason’s state was similar, although he retained control of the situation.

“You like that, don’t you,” Jason asked, slowly whispering into her ear. A loud moan was the only response he got.

Abby wasn’t the only one swollen. Jason felt like his dick would soon burst with cum, but he wanted to prolong the situation a bit longer. Abby was grinding hard into his hand and he knew that she was close to cumming, herself. He also knew that with her bladder, whenever she came, she pissed uncontrollably. With the load she was holding at the moment, it would be like Hoover Dam erupting, in a golden flood of piss and womanly juices. He had seen it happen many times before.

“I-I’m… I-I’m g-g-gonna…” Abby was trying to say something, but couldn’t form a sentence. Jason knew exactly what she was trying to say. In one motion, Jason rolled onto his back, picked Abby up and laid her on top of him. Although she wasn’t much help in her current state, Abby tried to not be dead weight. Jason picked up Abby once again and, while dropping her down facing toward him, thrust his dick hard into her. They both groaned loudly as each had a powerful orgasm. Jason pumped in and out while his cum sprayed into Abby’s waiting pussy.

The loudest sound of all, perhaps, was the hiss of Abby releasing her pent-up piss balloon all over Jason and the bed. The walls were not even fully spared as her piss sprayed wildly. Even after Jason finished his thrusts, Abby was still grinding and pissing away. When her stream died down, she forced out the last few squirts, watching them land on Jason’s already drenched chest. Exhausted, Abby collapsed on top of Jason, enjoying feeling her pee all over him, a thin layer of wetness separating their bodies. They each spent a minute or so, catching their breath after the morning’s unexpected workout. Abby kissed her boyfriend, showing her satisfaction with how things had gone.

“I love you,” she said. “What do you want to do today?”

He gave her a smirk before answering. “Well,” he replied, “I’m not sure. But I don’t think you’re going pee again for... a while.”

Abby’s eyes lit up and she kissed him again, hard. They both thought that was a lovely way to start a day.

*002*2018-07-13 10:07

{{On 7/11/2018 at 7:44 PM, Melificentfan said:

I love this

}}

Thank you very much, with how active and present you are in the forum, it really means a lot.

*005*2018-07-17 23:41

Here's part two everyone! This part has the format and style that I'm planning on keeping for the rest of this storyline in terms of the times and the leaning toward omorashi being almost a side-story. I hope you enjoy! Feel free to give advice/criticism as always, and feel free to make suggestions about where to take this in the future, as well! Also, I am purposely not going too deep into character descriptions and backstories all at once, making it in pieces, because I know that when I do it all at once I tend to get long-winded, but if there is anything you want to know about either character, please ask and I'll answer. I know that it can be hard to get into a story if you have questions about the characters. Anyway, enjoy!

Part Two

“I don’t think you are going to pee again for… awhile.”

Hardly letting Jason finish his sentence, Abby had kissed him, graciously accepting what the day, or a few days she hoped, might hold in store. The couple had not yet done enough of these challenges for them to become boring or predictable. Jason had done a good job of keeping them interesting and keeping Abby off her guard, always surprised by the next turn. Admittedly, some of them had been inspired by what Jason had seen online. Nevertheless, both of them enjoyed the struggle and Jason even played along at times. What made them work so well was the amount of planning and preparation that Jason put into each of these holding days. Abby secretly hoped to be plan one of these for Jason to muddle through one day, but this day’s target was Abby’s bladder.

Abby broke off the kiss and came back to reality. She was laying on top of Jason and they were both covered in her pee, along with their bed and sheets. They were both soaked from their necks down almost to their ankles. Resigned to the fact that they couldn’t stay there all day, and knowing that the longer she was wet the sooner she’d have to pee again, Abby slowly got off Jason and the bed, stripping off her drenched panties and bra. Jason stood from the bed as well, but he had nothing to take off.

“If you go ahead and start the shower, I’ll put these in the wash and join you in a minute.” Jason motioned to their bed as he spoke. With a wink of her eye and a playful flip of her hair, Abby made her way to the bathroom and turned on the shower; they both liked it warm, but not too hot.

Jason, meanwhile, stripped the bed, bundling up the sheets with Abby’s clothes – he paused to admire her panties – before checking the clock on his way out of the room. [9:04 AM]

[9:22 AM] Freshly washed and dried – and freshly emptied for Jason – the couple went back to the bedroom to get dressed. Abby, as usual for a challenge day like this, sat on the bed, letting Jason choose what she would wear. While Abby didn’t fully enjoy giving up control like this, she knew that Jason was in control of the day’s activities and would dress her appropriately for them. Or inappropriately, as they were both in that sort of mood.

Jason liked to tease her as he was “choosing” what she would wear. In truth, each of these planned days took him a week or more of planning time, some of which was dedicated to what her outfit would be. It helped that Abby had few boundaries with what she would wear. Abby would essentially wear anything that wasn’t technically illegal.

A curvy girl, Abby was pure beauty. For a certain eye, anyway, including Jason’s. She had large breasts and a large, but firm, ass, not to say that her waist was thin. She would be considered “overweight” by a doctor, but because she primarily carried weight in her bust and hips, the proportions made her very attractive. She rather enjoyed showing off her ample cleavage and ass, knowing how many heads turned when she entered a room.

Jason went through each drawer, slowly putting together what Abby would be wearing that day. He started with her underwear drawer. After some brief consideration and slight second-guessing, he pulled out a light blue thong. He knew Abby liked wearing thongs best because of both how much it showed her off and the added comfort for someone of her proportions. Next, Jason went to her bras, opting for a lacy, black bralette. Jason and Abby both knew the same thing about her bras, she only wore bralettes to the beach. This clicked in Abby’s mind and she began to see what her day held in store. Jason moved on to the rest of her outfit, pulling out a very short black skirt, that barely hung past her ass. Jason thought this would be well suited for a beach day. He finished by pulling out a bright red crop top, which, following his pattern, barely contained her breasts. Jason stepped back from the dresser, waiting for Abby to put on what he had picked for her.

“I see what kind of mood you’re in,” Abby said playfully. She stood, facing the mirror, and began to slowly, teasingly, dress herself. Beginning with the panties, seductively wiggling her butt before pulling on her skirt. She slipped on the bralette, followed by her top. Not only was it very high cut and tight, clinging to her chest, it also had a large opening in the front, showing her cleavage. Dressed and feeling sexy, Abby turned to look at Jason, noticing that his dick was once again swollen beyond belief. Clearly, he was pleased with his work and he had a devilish grin on his face. Abby felt a rush of adrenaline as she could only imagine what was ahead of her. [9:40 AM]

[10:13 AM] Abby and Jason had just finished breakfast and were ready to leave for the day. While Jason cleared their dishes and began rinsing them in the sink, Abby sat quietly at their kitchen table, shifting around in her seat as she felt her bladder beginning to fill. She had purposely asked for a second glass of orange juice that morning, wanting to have the most interesting day possible, but she was now left wondering how long she’d be able to hold it. The day didn’t end when she peed herself, she knew, and she didn’t have a change of clothes.

The running water in the sink certainly didn’t help her condition. Her bladder pulsed and she shoved a hand under her skirt, grabbing her pussy to keep her piss inside her ever-filling bladder. Jason finished in the sink and turned around to the sight of his 20-year-old girlfriend, hunched over in her seat grabbing her pussy and gripping tightly. “Ready to go?” Jason asked.

“Can I please pee first? My bladder’s on fire and my pussy’s tingling.” Abby used her adorable, pleading eyes. She knew that this would only make a “no” more likely, but it certainly added to the pleasurable tingles.

“My girlfriend is a big girl who isn’t going to piss herself in my car. You can hold it until I tell you to pee. Come on, it’s time for us to go.” Abby did as she was told, slowly standing, keeping herself hunched over with a hand holding her pee hole closed. “And stop rubbing yourself, making yourself squirt counts as pissing yourself and we don’t need that.” Once again, Abby did as instructed, carefully prying her hand away and standing up straight, although her legs were still pressed tightly together.

“Show me your hand.” Abby reached her hand forward and Jason could see that it was quite wet. “Hmm. I think we need to do an underwear check.” Jason knelt in front of Abby and lifted her skirt up, while simultaneously pulling her panties down. Jason, whose face was only inches away from Abby’s quivering pussy, could see that it was indeed quite wet. Looking down, there were even a few drops on the floor. Jason inhaled deeply. “It looks like my girlfriend is just a very naughty girl.”

Jason pulled her panties back up before standing and heading to the door. “Time to go,” he said. Abby half walked, half waddled her way to and out the door, heading to the car. “Don’t worry,” Jason said, “you’ll let it out before too long.”

With that, they were on their way. [10:25 AM]

*006*2018-07-17 23:47

{{On 7/13/2018 at 12:28 PM, Ondinist said:

An excellent comeback. Looking forward to more.

}}

Thanks so much! I would've responded sooner, but I didn't want to spam my post without a new part to add.

*008*2018-07-18 23:43

Part Three

[12:40 PM] It was an hour-long drive from Jason’s apartment to the beach, without traffic. Normally it took around 90 minutes to get there, but it could vary greatly with the time of day. The couple had been driving for just over an hour and they were nearing their destination. As desperate as Abby had been when they left, it had only gotten ten times worse. The entire drive consisted of her desperately gripping her crotch with both hands, with her legs pulled up to her chest, knees locked together.

She couldn’t sit still at all, shifting rapidly from side to side, her eyes scrunched tightly shut, forcing herself not to pay any attention to how far they had left to go. Her bladder was very full, creating a small, but noticeable bulge in her lower stomach. Her pussy felt like a fire hose that had a knot preventing the water, her pee, from escaping. Meanwhile, she was getting increasingly turned on. Her panties were already very wet, and she knew they would absorb almost nothing if she started to lose her grip. At this moment, Abby wanted nothing more than to cum and release all her pee, but for the sake of the challenge, and Jason’s car seat, she continued her struggle.

Jason, meanwhile, was loving every second, although he was beginning to feel his own bladder filling up. He had plans for his own bladder this day, as well, but his mind couldn’t seem to stray from Abby’s sexy figure, curled up in her seat, containing her huge load of piss. With her knees tucked in, her panties, with their large incriminating wet spot, were visible to anyone who chose to look. That being said, anyone would’ve assumed from her position and expression that she was just a young, horny girl, masturbating freely. In reality, this was not far from the truth. Jason could tell that Abby was nearing her limit and they were still about ten minutes from the beach. While her desperation came in waves, each wave was progressively harder to hold back. He could hear Abby whimpering from the strain and knew that she was going to start leaking soon.

As much as her situation was enthralling him, Jason’s bladder was beginning to make itself known. He could feel his piss boiling, but with his hard-on he knew that he still had some time before it would get bad. Jason rarely engaged in holding, himself, but Abby loved it when he did, and he knew it would only make this day extra special. They were still five minutes away, but Abby’s hold was slipping. Her moans were getting louder and more urgent. Jason realized that he either needed to help her hold it or accept a wet car seat. Drenched, would’ve been more accurate. Jason reached a hand over and began rubbing Abby’s leg. He could tell that she was at her limit, but refusing to give in. She snapped her neck to the left and looked at his face. Abby’s face conveyed the pleading tone in her voice.

“How much longer?” Abby snapped at Jason with the question, unsure if she could even hold it long enough to hear his answer.

“It’s just a few minutes, babe. Like two or three minutes.” Jason replied with sympathy. This was not a time to play up the macho, dom/sub vibe. They both just wanted her to hold it as long as possible.

“I can’t wait that long! Hnnnnnnnnnnn” Another spasm sent a shockwave through Abby’s bladder and she couldn’t fully contain this one. Her hands began frantically rubbing her pee hole as a hard spurt shot past her defenses and arced out of her panties, landing on the dash board and even getting a little on the windshield. Abby was watching their drive intently now, trying to time her leap out of the car for as soon as it was stopped. She saw that they were now pulling into the parking lot. She began counting down from twenty, planning to jump from the car as soon as she got to one.

Jason noticed that the parking lot was rather full. It’s a Saturday, he remembered, the busiest day at the beaches in this area. He knew what Abby was planning to do and he intended to not let it happen. As he turned off the engine, he, in one swift motion, took off his seatbelt and opened his door, slamming it behind it before racing around the car. When he got to the passenger side, he realized that Abby hadn’t moved. He discovered that she was too desperate to even move, and that he would have to help her out of the car. Jason opened the door and Abby was whimpering again. He reached in and unclipped her seat belt, freeing her to move.

“I can’t move Jason, I’m losing it!”

“Come on babe, just step out of the car.”

“I can’t! It’s gonna come out!”

“No it’s not, come on!”

Time was not on his side, he knew. He reached into the car again, scooping up Abby in his arms and lifting her out of the car. He set her down on her feet but had to lean her against the car for balance. Before she had a chance to release her piss, Jason knelt as he had done earlier, albeit with a different purpose this time. Just as before, he had to pry her hands away and her legs apart. Her legs were visibly shaking as he held up her skirt and yanked down her panties, revealing her drenched, swollen, throbbing, pussy.

Abby was clearly seconds away from pissing, and cumming as well. Without a second to lose, Jason’s mouth went to work, lapping up all of Abby’s juices before going to work on her clit. She was squirming for more than one reason. Her whimpers had changed to moans, and she could feel the building pressure inside her. Jason, seizing his opportunity, reached behind her, grabbing her ass and pulling her even closer to him. This was too much for Abby to take. With a final wave of pleasure and desperation, the dam broke and Abby came, while pissing. It only made it better that all of this was directly on Jason’s face.

After what felt like two minutes, but was probably closer to twenty seconds, Abby’s stream died down and both needed to catch their breath. Panting, Abby felt so lucky to have met someone who could indulge in the same things as her, things that would be considered “disgusting” by so many others. Jason felt exactly the same, and would have given anything for every day to be just like this one.

“That was awesome, Jason,” Abby said while still finding her breath and her footing.

“Totally, Abs, now let’s go have a beach day.” [1:02 PM]

