The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 10

Author: Mbgpeelover

*225*2023-10-06 23:11

Daniel finally pees

Begging Ellen to get off him so he could pee Daniel looked at Ellen in shock and disbelief when she suddenly announced matter of factly that she’d only let him go if he fucked her first. The problem was that as much as he liked Ellen and lusted after her his penis only had one thing in mind right at that second and it wasn’t sex! Leaking more into his pants Daniel was seconds away from exploding from the intense pressure in his bladder when Ellen demonstrated her words with her actions, fondling his wet crotch cheekily before pulling his desperate dick out to rub and explore.

Not content with that Daniel continued to beg for relief as Ellen proceeded to lift her naked body up and squirt warm urine all over his exhausted desperate penis as he felt liquid dripping down his inner thighs tantalising and tormenting him on a whole new level. No longer able to control himself he felt a strong and urgent spurt shoot out from his aching body as he closed his eyes trying desperately to control the speed and angle by raising and moving his thighs. But before the release could actually make any real difference to his desperately full bladder he felt a hand grabbing his penis and clamping the head closed forcing his body to shut off and hold back yet again. Hoping and longing for Ellen just to let go so he could resume his much needed stream instead she teased him even more by wrapping her hand around his manhood and sliding it up and down.

Completely under Ellen’s control Daniel closed his eyes to experience every tickle, rub and squeeze as intently as possible as to his amazement his urgent need to urinate was slowly but steadily being replaced by a mounting and strong urge to cum. Silently begging Ellen not to stop he opened his eyes just as she changed position on the couch and let go of his penis. Suddenly with nothing preventing his bladder from release Daniel felt urine force itself once again down his shaft despite being very turned on as dribbles leaked in preparation for the ensuing waterfall just as Ellen pulled off his underwear exposing his erect penis shaking and trembling dribbling a strange mix of warm urine and moist precum.

Feeling his legs being moved until he was now sitting upright again Daniel listened as Ellen squirmed frantically beside him, her desperation evident and urgent but her movements more akin to masturbation that anything else. Fascinated, but struggling to prevent his own bladder from bursting, the dam almost exploded when Ellen said something that made him laugh. Grabbing his penis just in time Daniel thought about getting up and racing to his downstairs loo when he found himself unable to move yet again as Ellen removed own hand from around his dick replacing it with her own.

Gasping and moaning with conflicting desires and physical needs Daniel allowed Ellen free rein over his sexual organs as she stroked, rubbed and slid her hand up and down his penis faster and faster. Still aching for relief from his body’s excess fluids Daniel’s body fluctuated constantly from being about to pee and about to cum, teetering on the cusp of both with little leaks then increasing sexual tension and back again, with sexual desire only marginally winning as he listened and watched Ellen as she rocked and squirmed against her own hand sitting right next to him totally naked.

After another quick spurt Daniel felt he could no longer take the pressure and tension as he pulled Ellen’s hand away from beneath her legs and replaced it with his own. The sensation of her warm and very wet vagina against his fingers tipped his hormones suddenly in favour of sexual release over peeing as he listened to Ellen groaning and moaning in sweet pleasure. Inserting several fingers inside her Daniel was in awe of how suddenly Ellen increased her rhythmic movements and rocking as in less than a minute she very obviously climaxed, her own hand losing grip on his penis as she did so. Agonisingly close to climax himself now Daniel knew he had no other option but to use his spare hand to finish himself off quickly as copious amounts of white sticky fluid shot out his penis onto his knees and the floor.

Taking a moment to pause and relax after such an intense moment Daniel looked in the direction of the TV realising that the film was finally coming to an end. Having fulfilled his promise to Ellen, albeit with his hand more than his dick, and with the credits now rolling he grabbed his soggy sticky penis in his hand and stood up. Looking embarrassingly towards Ellen he smiled sheepishly.

“So may I go to the toilet now?”

Ellen smiled, that charming irresistible smile that drew Daniel like a powerful magnet as she winked at him provocatively.

“Only if I can use your en-suite? You don’t mind if I have a shower while I’m there do you?”

Just delighted to finally have permission to go Daniel nodded to his girlfriend before racing towards his downstairs loo before Ellen changed her mind. Hearing Ellen heading upstairs as he opened the door to the small bathroom Daniel smiled at the thought of a naked Ellen in his house still as he relaxed his exhausted muscles aiming for his welcoming toilet as it took a few seconds for his body to get the message before a long and very satisfying stream poured out willingly into the bowl. Shaking the last few drops out Daniel used a mixture of toilet paper and warm soapy water to wash his lower body and his hands as much as possible in the smallest sink in his house.

Heading back into the lounge he switched off the TV, put the clothing that was lying around into the washer dryer and cleaned up the mess they had made while he smiled hearing the boiler clicking on thinking of his beloved Ellen naked in the shower. Finishing washing up the last of the dirty dishes he made two fresh mugs of hot cocoa and carried them upstairs to the bedroom ready for when Ellen came out the shower. Slipping on some clean underwear he climbed into bed just as Ellen walked into the room wearing nothing more than a towel around her her wet hair still dripping from the towel wrapped around it.

&&

*229*2023-10-08 23:47

Ellen gets to know Daniel more

Ellen had her eyes still on the TV, her mind and body still calming down from the intensity of it all, as she felt Daniel standing up beside her. It seemed strange having him ask to use his own toilet but Ellen happily gave permission on the condition she could go upstairs and use the only toilet she’d used In Daniel’s house and freshen herself up in the shower.

Completely naked she followed Daniel across the room before diverting to go upstairs, her bladder sudden screaming for full release after only spurting and leaking earlier. Racing to the en-suite Ellen sat down on the toilet at last, her whole body breathing a massive sigh of relief at her bladder finally being able to fully empty. Feeling sticky and sweaty she turned on the shower to warm and stepped in feeling the wonderful sensation of the hot water revitalising and rejuvenating her body as she reached for her own familiar body wash and shampoo grateful to not have to use Daniel’s this time.

Taking her time washing herself thoroughly without worrying about the gas switching off or the cost she finally turned the water off and looked around for a towel. Taking the top one off a pile she rubbed her hair as dry as possible, wrapped the towel around it, then took another towel to dry her body, leaving the bathroom with it tied loosely around her. Stepping out into Daniel’s large bedroom she looked around seeing Daniel sitting up in the bed smiling at her with two mugs on the bedside cabinet beside him.

“Is it ok to use your hairdryer again?”

“Of course it is honey. I’ve made you a mug of cocoa too, that’s if you like it?”

“Oh I love it! Thank you!”

Drying her thick shoulder length hair and brushing it through Ellen was very aware of Daniel’s eyes on her as she looked forward to the cocoa hoping it didn’t get too cold while her hair was drying. It felt like ages until her hair was finally dry enough as Ellen folded the wet towel from her hair and went to hang it back in the en-suite. Placing it on the heated towel rail she added the one around her body too stepping back into the bedroom naked again. Going straight to the wardrobe she slid the door open to find some clean pants then turned to smile at Daniel.

“I only brought the one nightshirt. I’ll just go down and get it.”

Finishing his sip of cocoa, his lips covered in chocolate, Daniel put his mug back down before replying, just catching Ellen as she reached the doorway.

“Ah. I picked up all the clothes and put them in the wash. It’ll be a couple of hours before it’s dry, sorry. Look why don’t you come and slip under the duvet with me to keep warm.”

Smiling back at Daniel as she processed what he’d said she wasn’t sure if he’d perhaps done that deliberately or if he was simply being the efficient super organised person he always was. Deciding she was too tired to push it further, and longing for her warm drink, she did exactly as requested as Daniel pulled the duvet open ready. Sliding in beside Daniel she couldn’t resist the cocoa as he passed her the full mug as she sipped at it immediately.

“Mmmm. This is delicious!”

“My mum used to make me it a lot as a kid if I couldn’t sleep.”

“She sounds like a great mum.”

“I suppose she was. Strict but always there for me I guess. She never really worked when I was young but she did keep busy with the Mosque and stuff. She still cooks for them every weekend and never misses Jum’ah every Friday.”

Sipping at her cocoa Ellen was curious to hear more about Daniel and his childhood.

“What about your dad? Did he go too?”

“Yeah. Or he prayed at his work, though that wasn’t always easy.”

“I don’t suppose many jobs wouldn’t be keen on that I guess.”

“Not when you’re a doctor no. He worked long hours though. Senior practice in a GP surgery and he did a lot of the out of hours work too at the Royal Infirmary and beyond. He owned property too.”

“Like houses?”

“No. Several doctors surgeries and clinics and stuff. He sold most of them to the health board a couple of years before he died. I only know because when I told mum I was looking for my own place she sat me down and told me about this money dad left. That’s why I was able to buy this place. I think there’s still some buildings he owns but mum never speaks about stuff like that. She’s a very private woman.”

“Wow. So did you go to mosque? I mean this is Friday. I haven’t stopped you from praying or anything have I?”

“I used to go. Mum and dad would make me go after school and all day on Saturday too. I hated it to be honest. I went to normal school during the week and I just wanted to be like my friends going places at weekends, playing in the garden, watching TV, stuff like that.Just being normal. My mum got so angry when I said I wasn’t going anymore. I think she was ashamed of me. Dad too. It was just so strict. Memorising the Quran wasn’t exactly up there on my to do list. It still isn’t. I wanted to be me, not who mum and dad wanted me to be. Mum would freak out if she knew I don’t even own a prayer mat now.”

“Sounds like she’d freak out even more if she knew what we’d been getting up to!”

“Yes…well that’s pretty much why I don’t live at home now eh. One day a week is enough to be with my mum. Don’t get me wrong she’s my mum and I love her and she’s generous and kind and I know she cares but…I mean I have to wear a shirt and tie even to visit her and that about sums it up.”

Finishing her cocoa and placing the mug at the side of the bed Ellen looked at Daniel and smiled.

“I quite like you in your suit really. It’s rather sexy, especially when you really need the toilet.”

Daniel winked back smiling.

“You liked me earlier in tacky Christmas boxers so I’m not sure that counts.”

“Haha. That’s true. They were very sexy too though I’ll have you know. Especially with that big wet patch on them!”

With the drinks out the way Ellen giggled as Daniel leaned over to tickle her affectionately and teasingly.

“And whose fault was that Miss Innocent?”

“Well some of us can hold our bladders pretty well. I mean I happen to know a professional woman not too far from here who held a very full desperate bladder almost all the way through the film Titanic, and that’s a very long film! Brilliant…but very long!”

“Oh do you? I’d love to meet a woman who could do that. I’ve always loved seeing a woman who really had to pee.”

Shuffling along until their bodies were side by side sitting up in the bed Ellen cuddled into Daniel with his arm around her and her hand on his leg as she asked a question she’d been itching to ask ever since the day they’d went to Dundee together and first kissed.

“I’d love to hear how you discovered you liked that? Do you know what started your interest in it then?”

“Why? Would you like to know?”

“I’d love to…”

“I suppose that was one of the reasons I stopped going to the after school stuff at the mosque….”

*230*2023-10-10 00:12

Daniel talks about what started his kink

It still seemed weird to Daniel having someone else in his room, using his hairdryer and sitting on his bed. Watching Ellen affectionately while she brushed through her gorgeous thick hair and blew dry it from the root to the tips his mind wandered to all sorts of lovely places: how nice it would feel to run his fingers through that silky hair again, how beautiful and natural Ellen looked sitting naked on the side of his bed, how wonderful it would be to have her move in. The latter one caught him off guard a bit as he sipped his cocoa to regain his composure.

Finally Ellen seemed to be content that her hair was dry as Daniel watched her patiently open his wardrobe and pull on a pair of plain pink pants. Lost in her curves and flawless skin and the contour of her luscious body she was standing at the doorway mentioning getting her nightshirt before it dawned on him that he’d put it in the washer. Feeling a little awkward he patted the bed to invite Ellen in beside him with no other motive at that point but keeping her warm and letting her enjoy her hot cocoa. Lifting his cup again once she was comfortable he noticed the time on his Alexa screen but ignored it as he smiled at Ellen as she slowly sipped her drink. Delighted she seemed to be enjoying it he casually mentioned how his mum had made it often when he was younger.

Conversation with Ellen was so easy as he freely chatted openly about his mum, his dad and his childhood, being careful not to divulge too much incase it put Ellen off. Deliberately avoiding even any hints of anything sexy or arousing Daniel noticed it was Ellen who turned things back to their interests and attractions as they relaxed more and more in each others company. With their cocoa now finished Daniel rested his arm over Ellen as they sat up in the bed in just their underwear as the conversation moved swiftly from his childhood and his parents faith to a shared kink they both clearly enjoyed but never spoke about.

Just 8 days since he’d found himself in a very important meeting with Ellen extremely desperate for the toilet having not been since leaving home that morning Daniel found himself sharing more than he ever felt he would. Never before had anyone asked, or even known about, his enjoyment and arousal from seeing woman desperate to pee and peeing, a deeply private matter that he’d grown up to believe was in fact sinful. It was blatantly obvious though that Ellen was equally as attracted to him when desperate and indeed appeared to find hearing and seeing him pissing erotic too. For over a week now they’d acted on and hinted at their mutual pleasures yet neither had had the courage to mention it seriously, until now.

Looking awkwardly at the duvet covering his legs Daniel spoke softly and sincerely praying Ellen wouldn’t judge or mock him.

“In Islam girls and boys are pretty much separated for everything as soon as you reach primary school age. I guess they forgot that most of us went to the same local school and at Cuthbertson we were all mixed together. I must have been about 11, maybe 12 at the most, when I was picked up by my mum from school and taken to the mosque as usual. She would give me a snack and drink to have in the car on the way then drop me at the mosque and come back for me after the lessons. Farah’s mum had done the same and although we weren’t encouraged to speak much to each other before mosque we talked a bit going in as she finished a bottle of juice and dropped the empty bottle in the bin as we walked in.

I don’t know why but I couldn’t stop thinking about the size of that bottle all through chanting from the Quran in lessons wondering if Farah was maybe needing the toilet. I often nipped into the boys room before lessons as they never ever let you out unless you were sick because they were too afraid of us mixing. Anyway as I left I wasn’t expecting to see Farah again as the girls got out a bit before us and were usually all away before the boys got out. That day though I did see her just around the corner from the mosque in the car park, I assume because her mum was running late. She had her red burka on as usual and her school pinafore with a thin black dress over and her legs covered with black leggings. I wasn’t going to speak to her for fear of any of the Imam seeing me but I watched her as I waited fir my mum and what I saw really affected me.”

“I assume she looked like she had to pee?”

“Definitely! And very badly! She couldn’t stand still at all, pacing about, sort of dancing, awkward stances, the lot. I kept thinking how she must have been needing to go ages during the lessons but had to wait. It left me feeling really awkward but I had this compulsion to go speak to her even though I wasn’t supposed to. I sort of stepped closer to her watching her as she turned away from me and pee danced. My mum was so strict, as I told you, and at home we never ever spoke about using the toilet or asked to go. It was considered highly inappropriate. So many a time I’d been desperate like Farah and I think I sort of empathised with her and really felt for her.”

“Did her mum collect her in time?”

“No. In the end she actually came closer to me looking anxious and upset. Checking no one was watching she quietly complained about how long her mum was taking to get there. I couldn’t help myself as I looked at her squirming legs and then looked at the car park sort of not expecting her to hear me. “Time seems to take forever when you really need the loo.” That was exactly what I said. I remember every word. I remember because I did have to pee by then myself but obviously nowhere near as much as Farah. To my shock I heard her reply, though she was still looking down the car park anxiously.

“I thought I was going to pee myself in class. I’m never going to make it home.” I’d never heard a girl ever say anything like that, let alone a Muslim girl. About a minute or so later my mum came up pulling in beside me causing me to no longer see Farah. I opened the back seat and climbed in looking out the window as I fastened my seat belt. Farah had suddenly stopped dancing now and as my mum pulled away I looked back to just make out a puddle where Farah was standing.”

“Poor girl.”

Daniel looked up to face Ellen hoping for sympathy and perhaps validation as he told her something he’d never ever told anyone before.

“When I went home and mum told me to go upstairs to get out my uniform I couldn’t stop thinking about what I’d just seen. I went to use the toilet as by now I had to go bad but when I took my underwear down my penis looked and felt strange. I didn’t know until a long time later what that was but I couldn’t pee and ended up wriggling desperately all through dinner that evening. I think that incident was the start of it for me really. That and the fact I had to hold loads at home and I felt the relief when I finally went always felt absolutely blooming amazing that I sort of got into the habit of holding so I could get that feeling more. I know, I’m weird. So what got you into this? Do you know?”

*231*2023-10-10 23:48

Ellen shares her past more

Ellen listened intently to Daniel, enjoying hearing his voice and breathing in his scent. Rubbing his leg gently and reassuringly under the duvet she tried to imagine him attending mosque after school and being separated from all the girls. It was such a huge contrast to her own upbringing of being moved from foster carer to foster carer, frequent school changes and constant instability. Hearing about Farah not being able to leave a long class despite having drank a bottle of juice before going in Ellen nodded, understanding all too well how uncomfortable that would be.

It didn’t matter that Daniel was still not even a teenager as Ellen smiled to herself at his innocence of not knowing what was happening to his body and why. It certainly didn’t sound like his mum would discuss such things, and with his father at work Ellen saw an innocence and naivety in Daniel that she hadn’t really seen before. Hearing how sweetly he described his friend and how compassionate he appeared to feel when she could no longer hold on Ellen felt drawn to Daniel even more. He wasn’t laughing at Farah, or mocking her, or even embarrassed by her, but only intrigued and curious and, though he didn’t really fully understand at that point, also turned on. Wanting to ask so much more, hear so much more and learn even more about Daniel Ellen was caught a little off guard when Daniel turned to face her and asked outright what sparked her own interest in the subject.

Suddenly feeling awkward and put on the spot Ellen considered changing the subject or suggesting they sleep when Daniel stroked her shoulder affectionately, his arm still around her neck. In the moments pause or was Daniel who spoke again first.

“If you don’t want to or don’t know I don’t really mind. I know your past hasn’t been that great and I don’t in any way want to upset you honey.”

Wether it was Daniel’s calming voice or his non judgmental way or just his reassuring arm around her but Ellen suddenly felt safe and ready to talk.

“I don’t know exactly what triggered it to be honest but it’s sort of always been something I was interested in from as long as I can remember. Right from when I was maybe as young as perhaps 5 or 6 and I was staying with this family who had an older boy. I’m not sure if he was fostered or their own son. I think he must have been about 10 or 11. Still primary school anyway.

I distinctly remember this one Saturday morning the mum, I can’t even remember her name, anyway she told this boy and myself that after breakfast we needed to come with her to do the supermarket shop. Internet orders weren’t even invented then. A bit into the shopping this boy asked if he could go to the toilet. The mum thought he was just bored so said he could go after the shopping was finished. For some reason I was curious and kept watching the boy a lot and I didn’t think he was bored at all as he was running to get things his mum needed and even offering to push the trolley, constantly running and moving and talking.

As a child the supermarket felt huge and when we got to the freezers he was getting more and more hyper and antsy and asked his mum again if he could go to the toilet. She still made him wait and in the checkout queue he kept begging her to go. I was so young then but it still felt, I don’t really know, probably awkward is the best word. Anyway I noticed him holding himself when the mum was packing then as we walked out towards the front of the store the mum gently bent down and told the boy he could go to the bathroom now but he just bend his head down and said he didn’t need it anymore. Nobody said anything more and it took me years to realise he’d wet himself. I kept thinking of it over and over as a child trying to work out why he needed to pee one minute but not the next. Don’t laugh…I was only really young.”

“I’m not laughing. I’m just nodding as that’s the sort of thing my mum used to do too. Do you think something that young made you interested for life then?”

“I’m not sure but I thought about that loads, as I said. The next, sort of significant event you could say, that I remember was when I was moved to this other family in Kilmarnock. They had a few kids of their own but they were only short term foster parents so I had to share a room with one of their girls. She really didn’t want me, obviously, and used to bully me.

When I first arrived I was given juice and biscuits then later we had tea. They did some sort of activity night or something then they told their daughter to take me to her room to get my nightclothes on and get ready for bed. I hadn’t been shown around for some reason and I didn’t know where their bathroom was. By this point I was bursting so I got my nighty out my bag and asked Donna Marie where the bathroom was. She laughed in my face saying she wouldn’t tell me and I’d have to wait. She left the room and I was alone bouncing around trying to keep holding wondering where she’d gone. When she finally came back I was in my nighty sitting on the bed holding myself, so full and desperate. She started pointing at me laughing again then went all strict and severe saying if her dad or mum caught me doing what I was doing they’d smack me.

I was a guest there and really thought she was telling the truth so I tried so hard to move my hands but I was almost crying. Then we heard footsteps and she told me to get into bed quick. I was so scared I did what she said but I was so tearful as I had to wee so badly. The parents came in to say goodnight and the dad noticed I was wriggling around under the covers. I had my hand between my legs again but I thought I was going to pee the bed. Maybe he knew, but when the mum left the dad slipped back in and knelt by my bed.

He asked if Donna Marie had let me choose a new toothbrush and I shook my head so he waved for me to get up and led me to the bathroom across the hall. I knew I shouldn’t but I couldn’t stop holding myself and pee dancing and I kept staring at him terrified he’d smack me. He bend down to my eye line and just smiled before holding out some new toothbrushes for me to choose one, whispering quietly that maybe I should use the toilet before bed. I nodded and dropped my pants and climbed onto the toilet while he flustered trying to close the door quickly. He looked right at me smiling though as I started peeing as quietly as I could wiping the tears from my eyes.

That was the first time I can remember someone watching me peeing and wether it was the relief he didn’t smack me or just the comfort I felt from finally making it, but whatever it was it made me feel so warm and good and happy and I wanted to feel that way again.”

“I take it they never did smack you? You do know that’s against the law anyway?”

“They never did, though Donna Marie was a right bitch and I was never so glad to move again, but I missed that dad so much more than the others I had. As for finding holding and others holding and peeing a sexual turn on I think that started when I was older, maybe my late teens. I’d went to that theme park in Strathclyde park, you know the one? It was one of my friend’s birthdays and their parents took a big group of us and got us those unlimited ride arm bands. We were there hours drinking cola, going on rides, eating junk and laughing around. One of the guys said he was going for a leak but then someone said he should wait and we’d all go later. A bit later we were waiting in the queue for the big wheel and he was saying he should go piss but the others joked they wouldn’t keep his place in the queue.

Anyway when we finally got to the front I chickened out as I was scared it might break or something so they handed me jackets and bags and stuff to watch when Matthew said he’d wait with me. We stood at a wall watching together as they all boarded and I asked Matthew why he hadn’t went on. He said casually that he was afraid he’d piss himself because he was bursting to go.

I looked at him and he had a hand in his joggers pocket tapping his leg. I had flashbacks to the boy in the supermarket so I told him he could go to the toilets and I’d wait with the stuff. I don’t know why but then suddenly I asked him why he’d held it so long. He looked at me and shrugged then sheepishly admitted that he actually liked the feeling and asked if I liked holding my pee too. I nodded because now he’d said it I actually realised I did too. He asked if I had to go, which I did, so he laughed and said that even though he was really desperate he’d hold it in until I went too. I immediately felt hot and damp and so excited.”

“I bet you did Ellen! So did you make him wait long?”

“Longer than I probably should have! Several queues and rides later with lots of nudges from him and a hell of a lot of obvious squirming but I stood my ground right until the minibus came to collect us when I realised that there was no way I’d make the journey back without an accident so I handed someone my bag and bounced very obviously saying I just had to run to the toilets before we left. Of course Matthew ran after me too catching up with me in the arcades as I marched quickly to the ladies. I joked with him asking if he had to go too and he actually swore under his breath at me, though he was laughing too. Walking back to the minibus together afterwards he kept saying how bursting he’d been and how close he’d been to pissing himself, which I found unbelievable hot.

I guess after that I started holding longer myself and often got a lot of pleasure from thinking about poor Matthew. You reminded me of him that Thursday at the big meeting you know.”

“Did you ever go out with Matthew?”

“Never. I’ve often wondered if he still likes holding his wee though.”

“He probably does you know. And he’d definitely not the only one…”

*232*2023-10-11 22:56

When Ellen sleeps over

Daniel held Ellen close as she bravely shared a few stories from her childhood and adolescence that helped him piece together more and more of who she was and what made her tick. Filled with compassion, concern and curiosity he smiled hearing about Matthew especially and how Ellen had teased him. Feeling his penis responding he ran his fingers through Ellen’s hair, feeling more attracted to his girlfriend with each story she shared. Secretly wishing he was Matthew he couldn’t believe it when Ellen firmly stated that she had never dated him.

Wondering how many men she actually had dated he considered asking her when he noticed the time out the corner of his eye. In the moment of quietness that followed after Ellen finished talking Daniel’s mind fought between the practical need for sleep verses his physical desire for Ellen. Resting his head on Ellen’s he knew he was growing more and more attached to her by the day when he decided it would be selfish to keep her awake any longer when she had somewhere she needed to be the next day. In more of a whisper than anything else, in the intimacy of the lamp lit bedroom, he used his free hand to pull the duvet up a little closer.

“Thank you for sharing all that with me. It means so much to me. How about we snuggle down and get some rest now. You must be tired after all that’s happened today.”

“That sounds perfect.”

Letting Ellen go so she could lie down and get comfortable Daniel laid down watching her in the dim lit room as she faced away from him and curled into the fetal position. Yearning to protect her he rolled over behind her and wrapped his arm over her, tucking his legs under Ellen’s. Feeling the warmth of her body he kissed her neck lightly and whispered good night, hearing Ellen’s voice echo his quietly in return as she whispered good night back.

Despite lying in a very different position to normal Daniel found himself drifting to sleep much quicker than he expected, lulled into a sense of peace from hearing Ellen’s slow steady breathing. Time seemed to stand still until he woke to the sound of rain lashing against the window as his blurry eyes attempted to see the time on his Alexa screen. Realising it wasn’t even 5am yet he smiled seeing Ellen still sound asleep as he rolled over himself and slept a little longer.

Waking to the familiar beeping of his smart speaker Daniel stretched as he spoke to the machine and turned it off. Seeing Ellen stirring he sat up watching her, smiling down at her as her eyes slowly opened.

“Good morning beautiful! Did you sleep ok?”

Ellen’s smile and slight nod of her head said all he needed to know as he stepped off the bed and headed to the en-suite to use the toilet and have a shower. Closing the en-suite door to let Ellen rest a little longer he took his time using the toilet, showering, shaving, and drying his body assuming Ellen was still lying in bed. Picking up the damp towel he’d just used, and the two Ellen had used before, he pulled the en-suite door open with the towels over his shoulder as he immediately stared at Ellen and froze.

There in his own bedroom was his naked girlfriend bent down on her knees with her knickers discarded on the floor and one of the cocoa mugs from the night before sitting on the carpet between her legs. She clearly hadn’t heard or seen him and Daniel stared with his eyes wide and his dick throbbing as he waited silently and watched.

It started with an echoey dribble at the bottom of the empty mug but then seconds later a fast strong stream poured into the mug as Ellen precariously balanced her larger body over it. Panicking slightly that his carpet was about to be ruined Daniel gasped as quietly as he could, his body surging with adrenaline and his dick growing by the second. Incredibly Ellen appeared to control things expertly as her legs straightened quickly and she grabbed the mug, sitting it quietly on the bedside cabinet before jiggling and shaking her legs. Now with the carpet no longer in danger Daniel cleared his throat to alert Ellen of his presence. Turning suddenly to face him, her face flushed and tense, Daniel watched her eyes lower to see his very obvious erection.

“Oh thank goodness you’re out now. You didn’t see that did you? I’m really sorry honey. I was pacing around the room for ages and really trying to wait but I was just so desperate for a wee and…you know how it is first thing in the morning! Oh I’m still bursting. Do you mind letting me in please?”

Daniel stepped aside to let Ellen through, turning around to see her sitting on the toilet, her wide legs apart and relief evident on her face.

“You could have used either of the other two toilets here you know.”

Ellen laughed, making direct eye contact with Daniel as she did so.

“I didn’t think you’d be so long. Besides it was a fun way to start my day don’t you think?”

Holding the towels on his shoulder with one hand Daniel gave his hard penis a brief rub knowing they didn’t really have time for anything more but wishing they did.

“Oft you sure know how to get me going Ellen. If only you didn’t need to go out…”

*233*2023-10-12 12:13

{{8 hours ago, JD0417 said:

I’d like to see what Ellen Looks like Ik it’s fiction but still it’d be nice to have pictures of what you think she’d look like since I’m a visual person

}}

I’ve described her in parts throughout the story with details such a shoulder length brown thick hair, on the larger side, curvaceous body etc. I like to leave some things to the readers interpretation though

*234*2023-10-14 08:38

Waiting for the en-suite to be free

Thinking about Matthew being desperate again surprisingly turned Ellen on even after so much time had passed, though she felt increasingly sleepy too and was grateful when Daniel suggested they get some sleep. Getting comfortable in the large double bed she felt Daniel’s body close to hers as she felt her eyes closing and her body sinking into the bed as she drifted quickly to sleep.

The next she was aware of anything was when she heard Daniel’s voice telling his Alexa to switch off. Bleary eyes still and resisting wakening she was vaguely aware of Daniel looking at her and asking if she slept well. Mustering a simple nod as her head refused to leave the pillow she felt Daniel getting out of bed and heard him heading to the en-suite bathroom. Rubbing her eyes she sat up in bed coming to a bit more as she stretched and looked around the room.

Deciding she’d be safer getting out of bed in case she drifted back to sleep again she climbed off the bed and walked towards the wardrobe where her clothes were. Sliding the wardrobe open she felt a strong urge to pee as she raised one knee in front of her body and squeezed her muscles tight. Sorting through the small selection of clothes she’d packed the urge to go grew stronger and more intense as Ellen kept moving around trying to ignore the pressure between her legs. Sitting the clothes she’d decided to wear on the end of the bed Ellen squirmed around in only her knickers enjoying the feeling of being bursting but equally longing to get access to the en-suite.

Briefly considering leaving the room and heading to the main upstairs bathroom Ellen figured Daniel would be out any minute so she chose instead to wait, pacing around the room to keep the pressure more manageable. Walking past the door to the en-suite Ellen felt tortured hearing water running for the shower as she slipped her hand between her broad legs and openly pee danced. Beginning to wonder if in fact she ought to face defeat and rush to the other upstairs toilet Ellen walked past the door and resumed her twisting pacing, nursing her heavy bladder in her arms like a large baby. Walking down the side of the bed she’d just slept in Ellen paused to grab the bed frame as another strong contraction from her bladder hit. If Daniel wasn’t out soon she’d have to get creative to avoid soaking his bedroom carpet!

Bouncing and squirming now continuously Ellen just barely made it down the side of the room, across past the door to the en-suite and down towards where Daniel had slept when she found herself in a bit of an emergency situation. Absolutely frantic for her first morning wee she stepped out of her knickers, kicking them onto the carpet, and grabbed the nearest receptacle she could find, balancing it on the carpet between her fat legs as she lowered herself as close to it as she could, still hoping Daniel might pop out the bathroom just in time so her plan wouldn’t be required.

Her entire body tense, and hearing her own heartbeat echoing in her ears, Ellen concentrated so hard to allow only a small amount of urine out. It felt excruciatingly difficult but equally heavenly to firstly dribble a little then release a long steady spurt into the mug Daniel had used for his hot cocoa before bed. Unable to see the mug due to her wide hips and fuller body Ellen feared that she might already be close to the top as she tensed everything she possessed to close her aching urethra despite still having a very full bladder. Shaking with nerves and with her body screaming to wee much much more Ellen bent forwards to pick up the mug placing it back on the bedside unit. The second it was safely down she shook her leg desperately as her whole body screamed to release more.

Jumping to the sound of Daniel behind her she felt a small dribble run down her inside leg as she raced towards him and the open door of the now vacant en-suite. Terrified her muscles might cave any second she focussed on the toilet straight ahead breathing a huge sigh of relief as her legs plopped onto the seat and a torrent of wee shot out ferociously into the pan just in time. Her heart still beating fast Ellen had an incredible urge to play with herself suddenly as Daniel mentioned something about there being other toilets in his house. Smiling back at him, her cheeks flushed and her eyes shining, Ellen could only hint at why she chose to hold on as long as she did. It was clearly evident from Daniel’s body that he’d enjoyed his morning show too and his words only confirmed the same.

Her bladder finally empty Ellen washed her hands and copied Daniel by having a quick shower. Having kept her hair dry she now dried her body and then stepped back into the bedroom to get dressed. Not seeing Daniel she headed downstairs to the kitchen where he was sitting at the dining table with two mugs and a plate full of toast in front of him.

“I made you some tea honey. Is toast ok?”

“Toast is perfect thanks.”

Sitting opposite Daniel Ellen helped herself to the toast and tea as the sound of torrential rain hit hard against the kitchen window.

“Gosh it’s bad today.”

“You still ok to drive me into town and collect me? I usually get the bus but I’ve no idea what busses even come this way.”

“You’d be drenched getting the bus in that. Of course I’ll take you. Do you know the postcode?”

“I know the address. 113 Union Street.”

“I have a pretty good idea where that is. What time do you need to be there?”

“The shop opens at 9 so about 8:45 ideally.”

“Given the morning traffic in town and this rain we should probably leave as soon as then.”

“I’ll just run upstairs and get my things packed then. I’ll be ready in 5 minutes if that’s ok?”

Placing her empty mug on the table Ellen stood up to move when Daniel grabbed her arm lovingly.

“Why don’t just leave your things here? There’s no way you can go back to yours in this weather with no gas. If there’s somewhere open after you’ve finished work then maybe we can top it up then but I hate the thought of you cold and alone.”

“I don’t want to inconvenience you Daniel. You’ve done so much for me already.”

Ellen watched as Daniel stood up quickly, still holding her arm, as he pulled her towards him and held her in his arms.

“Ellen Hemmingdale if there’s one thing you are never to me it’s an inconvenience.”

Ellen felt her heart jump and her emotions surge as years and years of feeling a burden and inconvenience to others rose to the surface as her eyes moistened easily. Sliding out of Daniel’s arms before she cried she moved towards the stairs smiling back at Danielbefore she rushed upstairs.

“I’ll just brush my teeth then..if you’re sure?”

“I’m 100 percent sure baby. Now don’t take long.”

*235*2023-10-14 12:27

{{On 10/12/2023 at 2:49 PM, JD0417 said:

When did you describe her in the story?! Please send me a link to that part

}}

It’s intertwined throughout but especially nearer the start. There’s way too many places to link sorry

*236*2023-10-14 23:28

Daniel makes a silly mistake

Alone in the kitchen listening to the rain battering off the window Daniel filled the toaster with bread and switched the kettle on. Very familiar with how Ellen liked her tea now he made her a mug exactly how she preferred it and made himself a coffee too before buttering the toast and sitting it on a plate. Placing it on the dining table he looked up to see Ellen walk into the room wearing a grey and black striped fitted long sleeved top and a long flowing calf length black skirt with black tights underneath. With the added black neck scarf tied loosely around her neck and hanging to the side she looked professional, sophisticated and beautiful. Briefly wondering why she never dressed so formally for her paid work Daniel felt it somewhat inappropriate to mention, instead keeping the conversation focussed instead on the practicalities of getting Ellen to her voluntary work in time.

Struggling to be heard over the sound of the torrential rain outside Daniel kept conversation brief until Ellen mentioned going upstairs to pack her things. Recalling the cold bare maisonette where he now knew Ellen lived Daniel cringed at the mere thought of Ellen returning there with no heating or hot water, unable to bath or shower or potentially cook a hot meal. Using the weather as a great excuse he was relieved when Ellen agreed to leave the rest of her belongings at his house until after work. Washing the breakfast dishes while Ellen went upstairs to brush her teeth Daniel left everything to dry on the drainer before fetching his coat from the hook behind the cupboard door.

Waiting by the kitchen door for Ellen Daniel wasn’t looking forward to stepping outside at all as he checked his mobile for any signs the weather might settle soon. Looking at Ellen as she walked under the kitchen arch towards him Daniel shook his head anxiously.

“Did you bring that bright anorak of yours? You’ll be absolutely soaked without a coat honey.”

“It’s back in my house. There might be a spare umbrella in the boot of my car though.”

“Mmmm. You need to move your car to let mine out first. Here, borrow this for just now. If you reverse down the side of the house onto the road I’ll come down behind you. You can then drive back up and I’ll open the garage for you. Your car will be safer in the garage. I’ll come straight from my mum’s and pick you up after your shift. What time do you finish?”

“The shop shuts at 5. I usually get the 25 past 5 bus home.”

“So if I get there between 5:15 and 5:30 that’ll be ok?”

Ellen nodded as Daniel watched her slide her arms into an old anorak he kept as a spare. It didn’t quite go round Ellen’s broader body but it might just keep the worst of the rain off her enough.

“You ready? It sounds wild out there.”

Ellen nodded again as Daniel unlocked the door feeling the cold wet rain against his face instantly. Running out to the garage he unlocked it and stood inside watching as Ellen closed the house door and ran to her own car. Reversing his behind Ellen he had his windscreen wipers on full and his demister on the highest setting to warm the car as they swapped positions and he locked both the garage and the house while Ellen sat dripping wet in his car.

Heading into the city Daniel had to really concentrate as the rain and slow moving traffic made visibility difficult. Dropping Ellen off just a few minutes later than she’d requested Daniel waited until Ellen was safely in the back door of the shop, still wearing his old anorak with the hood pulled over her gorgeous hair, before pulling away and heading back home. It was too early yet to turn up at his mum’s unexpectedly and she hated being interrupted when she was preparing or cooking meals.

It felt very strange not pulling his car in the garage for once as Daniel rushed down the side of the house into the back door out of the rain. Occupying himself with cleaning the en-suite, hanging the dry washing up from the washer dryer and hoovering the lounge Daniel just about had time for another quick coffee before leaving to visit his mum. Sitting at the first red traffic light not far from his house Daniel thought about Ellen wondering how she was getting on in the charity shop as he dearly hoped that she might forget about applying for the caretaker job in Dundee. Wishing he’d never even thought about it he continued driving the all too familiar route to his mum’s, parking in his usual spot just by her front gate. Zipping his coat up to keep his suit dry against the awful weather he pressed to lock his car remotely and walked towards his mum’s front door suddenly realising he’d forgotten something vitally important: he hadn’t been for one last piss before leaving home!

Cursing himself he forced a smile as his mum opened the door to let him in, her warm house filled with the welcoming aroma of home cooking and baking. At least he’d be leaving a few hours earlier than normal to pick up Ellen. That was still six and a half hours away though, which given he’d already had two mugs of coffee since waking felt like it was days away already!

*237*2023-10-15 23:13

Ellen at the charity shop

By the time Ellen had moved her car to let Daniel get his out then driven her car back into Daniel’s garage she was already soaked even with Daniel’s anorak on. Getting into Daniel’s Audi she felt so relieved that he had offered to drive her to work as the thought of waiting on a bus in the torrential rain didn’t appeal at all.

It was a slow stop start trip with Ellen deliberately not chatting much to Daniel knowing how much he needed to concentrate on the road given the appalling conditions. The darkness and the never ending rain seemed to make the roads much more unfamiliar so Ellen was surprised when they eventually pulled up at the back of the charity shop. Anxious to get inside the building to the dry and warmth she said a brief thank you and goodbye to Daniel before running out and into the back door, water dripping down her face and hair.

Signing in Ellen was taken aback at how quiet the shop seemed, volunteers clearly opting not to come in due to the weather. Relieved to see Margo she hugged her excitedly pulling back apologetically when she realised how wet she’d made her older friend. Margo simply wiped her arms down and smiled at the eager volunteer eyeing her up like she had suddenly dyed her hair or something.

“That’s not a jacket I recognise. It’s not like our Ellen to choose a black anorak like that. Everything ok?”

Forgetting she still had Daniel’s anorak on Ellen slid it off her body and looked at it smiling. She couldn’t hide anything from beady eyed Margot and even if she tried Margot somehow got it out of her eventually.

“A friend loaned me it this morning. I’ve no idea where all this rain is coming from!”

Margot winked with Ellen understanding exactly what it meant: by the end of the day she’d wheedle out much more detail than either of them had time for right now.

“I can’t see us being busy if this keeps up. That’ll not be a bad thing though as both Heather and Lenny can’t make it today. We’ve had a load of fresh donations come in this week so how about you work your magic on those front windows again and see what you can come up with. I sold the trousers off the female manikin yesterday so she’s currently half naked.”

“You didn’t leave poor Jeanie half naked! Margot! Tell me you at least put an apron on her to keep her dignity!”

“I was busy. Jeanie? Since when did they have names?”

“Well if I’m going to pull their arms off and manipulate their legs to dress them then I think the least I owe them is a name. You got any theme in mind or just whatever I think?”

“You’re our resident expert window dresser Ellen. I’ll leave Jeanie in your capable hands.”

Ellen giggled as Margot walked away carrying a pile of folded clothes in her arms. Taking the wet anorak off to hang up Ellen was walking towards the staff room when Margot turned and called back.

“So what are the other two called then?”

“The tall man is James and the little kid is Jack, or Julie if I put a dress or skirt on it.”

Amused at hearing Margot chuckle to herself Ellen set about looking for various clothes and items for the window, filling her entire morning getting creative with dressing and prepping the two large windows waving to dripping wet passers by who happened to look in. Gaining inspiration from Dmitro and Tetyana Ellen stationed the manikins as a couple with pushing a pram with various other baby related items behind them and a few dolls dressed nicely to set everything off. In the second window she opted for a warm sitting room displaying a two seater fabric couch, a coffee table with books and an uplighter with the child in nightclothes holding a teddy. It was simple but affective and by 12:30 Ellen was more than ready for her break.

Realising she had nothing with her to eat or drink as she hadn’t come from home, or even thought about it before leaving Daniel’s, Ellen went to the loo then sat alone with a thin plastic cup of water from the dispenser. Of course eagle eyed Margo had to walk past and see her, her eyebrows raised curiously.

“Hey Ellen, just the person I was looking for. You couldn’t nip to Greggs for me could you dear? I never had a minute to get myself a lunch this morning. Just a wee sausage roll and a cup of soup or something. Get yourself something too while you’re there. I don’t t expect any change from this, ok.”

Ellen took the ten pound note from Margot smiling nervously knowing full well what her friend was doing. Slipping Daniel’s anorak on she ran through the rain to the bakers a few doors away getting everything Margot asked for and the same for herself plus a bottle of water. Grateful for the food and drink Ellen felt refreshed returning to the shop floor as she busied herself all afternoon sorting through donations, cleaning, organising and helping at the till. The shop was much quieter than usual but those who did brave the weather stayed longer inside so it was nearer the end of the shift before Margot was able to finally see the window displays. Showing the older woman what she’d done Ellen was so focussed on her work that she was quite taken aback when Margot touched her shoulder affectionately and asked quietly whose coat she had on that morning.

“Just a friend’s. I’ll return it after work.”

“So are you seeing this friend tonight then?”

Without thinking Ellen turned to face her pensioner friend smiling and blushing thinking of Daniel.

“He’s picking me up after I finish.”

“That’s kind of him in this weather. Is he taking you back to yours then?”

“Well…actually he needs to take me back to his place first. My car’s in his garage you see.”

“Oh your own personal mechanic. That’ll be handy.”

“What? He’s not a mechanic. He’s a housing officer with the council actually. It’s extortionate to park in the city and I usually get the bus in but I didn’t know what bus to get from his house that’s all.”

“His house? You stayed at his then?”

“Oh Margot. You’ll love him. He has the most gorgeous brown skin, the most an eyes ever, he’s kind, gentle, oh and he’s got his own house and everything. It’s got this beautiful big bay window in the living room and a really expensive kitchen. He’s even got an en-suite!”

“Well this all happened very quickly! You know you don’t need to rush into these things don’t you dear? But you’ve got a wise head on you Ellen and it’s so lovely to see you so happy. Your eyes have got that sparkle in them again. That’s the Ellen we all love and adore here. I’m happy for you Ellen. I really am. But just remember to go for what you want too. He sounds lovely but just be careful won’t you? Look after yourself, but don’t be regretting anything either. I know what that’s like all too well. Did I ever tell you about Joseph McDonald?”

“Yes you did. Oh Margot it’s so good to tell someone you know. It’s been one hell of a week. Would you believe I’ve been to Dundee of all places! I’m going back again this week too. Not with Daniel this time though.”

“Oh I think I saw something about that on the news! That’s where all those refugees are moving to isn’t it. Oh Ellen you’ve done a marvellous job with these windows and I’m sure you’ve done brilliant for those refugees too. If anyone could find them somewhere to go I knew it would be you. You’re an inspiration you are dear. Sorry…I’ll be with you in a minute.”

Ellen smiled as she watched Margot go and see to yet another customer as she revelled in the words from her friend, even if it was actually Daniel who found the tower block in Dundee and not her. Margot didn’t need to know about her money worries or her impending rent increase or the fact she had no gas in her flat. Just hearing her acceptance and happiness in relation to Daniel was more than enough to carry her through for the rest of the week.

How could she ever think about leaving the charity shop or leaving Margot when she’d done so much for her? Yet as Margot chatted with a customer and bagged her goods Ellen couldn’t help but replay her words of wisdom back over and over as she sorted some clothes on a rack.

“Go for what you want…don’t go regretting anything.”

Pressing to pull the shutter down as the last customer left Ellen couldn’t help but think about Oleksandr and his wife and family, young Mykhaila and her mum, Ruslana and Nadia moving yet again and Taras and Vladislav packing to move in just three days time. It wasn’t like any of them could really do what they wanted right now, but she could.

The question was what did she really want and what might she regret if she didn’t do it too?

*238*2023-10-16 23:30

Daniel’s day with his mum

Closing his mum’s front door against the weather Daniel followed her into the spacious cottage style kitchen where every worktop seemed filled with food and containers and the sink was overflowing with dishes from that day’s cooking. Many a time Daniel had tried to persuade his mum to buy a dishwasher but she refused to do so, believing them to be over priced and uneconomical for someone who lived alone. As his mum returned immediately to whatever she had on the cooker, stirring it and adding various ingredients that she clearly knew by heart, Daniel took off his suit jacket and hung it on the hooks behind the kitchen door, rolled up his shirt sleeves and set about washing the mountain of dishes that his mum appeared to be adding to by the second.

Looking out the window to what should be his mum’s large mature garden with its greenhouse in one corner, raised flower beds and whirly gig cemented into a small patio area in another Daniel could barely make out the closest tree in the overcast sky and torrential rain. Stacking the washed dishes carefully he paused half way through to dry some and put them away, familiar with his mum’s kitchen layout since nothing had changed since he last lived there. Returning to finish the last of the dishes while his mum appeared to be stacking portioned meals into her large fridge in identical plastic tubs and wiping down surfaces he automatically found himself nodding when his mum dutifully offered him a coffee.

Finally finished he moved into the cosy living room where his mum had the fire lit even though the house was already adequately heated from all the cooking. Sipping at his coffee he chatted to his mum in what felt like deja vu, hearing about the people from his mum’s knitting group and the mosque and his mum’s neighbours who had lived next door for more years than he’d been alive. His mind drifting to Ellen frequently Daniel nodded and politely commented just enough to make his mum feel he was properly listening. Keen to mention he had to leave earlier than usual he thought lunch might be a good time to bring it up as he hinted that he was peckish hoping his mum might take the hint.

For once she seemed to as she stood up and walked back to the kitchen clearly expecting Daniel to follow her. Heating through some home made chicken and vegetable soup that Daniel strongly suspected had been made with the leftovers from the meals that morning his mum sliced some bread and brought it all on a tray to the small round wooden table where they always ate together. During lunch Daniel casually commented first on how grateful he was for all his mum’s cooking, then moving onto asking if she’d made a list of this weeks groceries, then as he spooned the last of his soup into his mouth he quietly added in the fact he needed to leave early due to an appointment.

“You will have time to hoover the stairs won’t you? You know how difficult that is for me now. And I had some letters I need you to look at too Daniel. Something about the boiler and something from my utility company. You know I get confused about all that stuff on my own. You will have time to order my shopping too? That’s a strange time for an appointment after 5pm on a Saturday? You sure you got that right?”

Daniel picked up the dishes and took them to the sink knowing he’d better wash them up before he left too or his mum would repeatedly bring it up week after week. He loved his mum but she was increasingly becoming more and more dependent on his once a week visit and the chores were mounting up week by week. Washing the two bowls and spoons and glasses Daniel sighed quietly tensing his muscles as the running water and extra liquid reminded him just how much he had to pee still. Hearing the TV next door he took the opportunity to give himself a quick squeeze as he dried his hands on the dish towel and went to the under stair cupboard for his mum’s hoover. Lugging it to the top of the stairs Daniel plugged it in by the bathroom looking in longingly at the loo. Very tempted to nip in quickly it was like his mum read his thoughts as she suddenly appeared at the bottom of the stairs and shouted up.

“If you’re hoovering can you do my bedroom too if you don’t mind. Thanks Daniel. Actually I had better move some things first.”

Daniel pulled the hoover cord so his mum wouldn’t trip over it as he moved from foot to foot subtly hoping his mum wouldn’t notice. Following her into her room with the hoover Daniel starting vacuuming as his mum hovered around watching him critically. Letting her go down stairs before he vacuumed there too he cleaned each stair thoroughly in the knowledge his mum was watching him from the bottom inspecting every stair. Returning alone upstairs to unplug the machine Daniel grabbed his crotch again, holding it longer this time as he saw the open bathroom and his body yearned to use it. With his mum shadowing him so closely he knew he couldn’t risk going though as he reluctantly returned down stairs to tidy the hoover away just as his mum handed him the pile of letters she needed help with.

Sitting crossed legged in the lounge Daniel read through the mail explaining things to his mum as simply as possible before placing the pile on the arm of the chair and getting his phone out. Bringing up the supermarket app he went through the regular weekly items his mum needed then helped her think of extras she might need that week too. Shuffling in the seat desperately trying not to show how urgent his need to pee now was he had to check the order several times as he struggled to concentrate with such a full bladder. Finally satisfied he pressed to pay and confirm delivery watching the time constantly anxious to get away soon.

Hinting to his mum that he ought to start making tracks so he wasn’t late for his appointment Daniel changed position in his seat loads moving his legs much more than natural and feeling his heart rate starting to increase. While his mum walked into the kitchen to bag up food for him Daniel slid a hand between his legs pinching his dick hard as he made up his mind to stop somewhere on route to pick up Ellen so he could piss. Taking the bag from his mum he politely kissed her on the cheek before putting his coat on and heading towards the front door. Bursting to pee so badly now he could barely stand still he put the bag in front of his crotch to hide his fidgeting as he raced out through the rain towards his car.

Placing the food in the passenger footwell Daniel immediately grabbed between his legs and bounced in the driver’s seat moaning to himself how badly he needed to piss and muttering barely cohesively about finding a supermarket or garage so he could finally get release.

*241*2023-10-18 00:24

Ellen gets picked up by Daniel

Pulling the hood up on Daniel’s anorak Ellen pulled the material around her as much as she could as her eyes darted up and down the parking area behind the charity shop. Although Margot had offered to wait with her Ellen had insisted she left to catch her bus knowing she’d have a long wait for the next one. By the time Daniel eventually pulled up Ellen was saturated right through, her thick hair dripping onto the anorak and her clothes underneath. Jumping quickly into the front passenger seat she immediately felt a bag at her feet as she straddled it as best she could before pulling the door closed quickly. Pulling on her sear belt Ellen was surprised at how suddenly Daniel pulled away before she’d even clicked it in properly. Indicating to turn out the almost empty car park Ellen couldn’t help but notice how agitated and stressed Daniel seemed.

Not only did he look tense but the first she heard him speak since that morning was hearing him cursing the traffic, something quite out of character from the quiet, studious, unassuming man she’d cone to know. Getting that all too uncomfortable but familiar feeling that she was a real inconvenience to him at that precise moment Ellen couldn’t help but speak up.

“Everything ok?”

Finally pulling out as a result of someone flashing to let him in Daniel sat up straight in his seat as he changed into second gear and moved slowly ahead. Watching him closely as she pushed her wet hair off her face Ellen eagerly awaited a reply. It took a moment before Daniel eventually answered as he snapped back frustratedly.

“Not really. It’s taken me an absolute age to get here between the rush hour traffic, this relentless rain and diversions due to flooded roads. I left my mum’s nearly half an hour ago and I just really want to get home now.”

“I’m sorry I’ve delayed you Daniel. I should have driven back to mine and got the bus this morning.I had no idea the weather would be this bad though. How was your mum?”

“Her usual demanding self really. Oh come on move will you! What is the matter with people today? It’s just a bit of rain for goodness sake!”

“Geez that does look deep though. I can understand why they’re all moving into the other lane.”

As Daniel indicated to move lanes to avoid the growing flood ahead Ellen couldn’t help but notice he was tapping the steering wheel anxiously and rubbing his thigh with the other hand. Placing her hand on his knee to try and calm him down Ellen looked out the window at the queued traffic ahead.

“I’m sure someone will let you in in a minute honey. Everyone’s just doing their best in a bad situation. It should clear once we’re past this bit I think.”

“It’s been like this ever since I left my mum’s. Every road is the same. It’s an absolute joke. This is Scotland. You’d think we’d be used to rain by now.”

“This is crazy though. It hasn’t let up all day. I wouldn’t be surprised if the Clyde hasn’t burst its banks somewhere already. I once stayed with a foster family in Port Glasgow for a while. Whenever it rained like this the A78 flooded every time. Even the train stations flooded.”

Slowly moving again in single file past a flooded area Daniel seemed more stressed than ever.

“I need home so badly. Like, really bad!”

Ellen moved her hand further up Daniel’s leg very aware how taut his legs felt and how tense his entire body was, his back rigid straight and leaning forwards and both hands gripping the wheel unnecessarily tightly.

“Hopefully won’t be long now. I’ll go straight back to mine so I won’t hold you up.”

Something in what she said appeared to trigger Daniel as he wriggled in his seat, adjusted his trousers by the top of his legs and turned to look at her as he stopped at a red traffic light.

“Ellen don’t hurry home. Please. Honestly it’s not you…it’s the coffee this morning and the soup at my mums and the water with my lunch and…come on lights! Please! I gotta piss like you wouldn’t believe!”

Relieved to finally have an explanation for Daniel’s antsy, fidgety, and snappy behaviour and words Ellen immediately fondled Daniel’s crotch until she felt his penis rubbing it and squeezing it gently.

“You don’t mind me doing this do you? Does it help?”

“Mmm. A bit. Be firmer though. Please. It’s bad. Real bad. Actually think I’m gonna burst any minute bad. I’m sorry Ellen but the first sign of a garage or a supermarket or anywhere with a loo and I’m pulling over babe. This road ain’t gonna be the only place flooded in a minute. I genuinely can’t hold on much longer!”

Leaning over as best she could Ellen used both hands to unclip and unzip Daniel’s suit trousers sliding a hand in and gripping him through his underwear.

“We can’t be that far from your’s now can we? I’ll keep an eye out though if I see somewhere but I am pretty sure there’s only local shops around here. The supermarkets are all out of town these days in the retail parks. Did you not go before you left your mum’s?”

“Can you squeeze harder! Oh shit I’m bloody bursting to go! I didn’t go at all at my mum’s. It’s complicated. You don’t talk about anything like that with my mum. Ever!”

“That’s crazy. We all pee Daniel. Even your mum. Surely she went while you were there? Couldn’t you just go anyway?”

“Come on! Move! You could get a bus through there! Go!”

Ellen squeezed and rubbed feeling Daniel bounce around on the seat frantically as he drove as best as he could in the slow moving traffic with the wipers on full and the rain lashing at the car from all directions.

“I don’t know! I swear she’s a camel or something but she never ever uses the toilet when I’m there or even sneaks away to go. She’s always watching me, with me, telling me to do this thing and the next thing. I should have went before I left to go to hers. I always remember. God do I regret forgetting today though! Squeeze the tip Ellen! Harder!”

“Is she never..you know…showing signs by the end of the day, hinting at you to leave or that? She drinks when you’re there surely?”

“Of course she does. A mid morning cuppa then lunch and sometimes an afternoon cuppa before I go too. Honestly Ellen she just doesn’t ever go. She was the same when I lived at home. I don’t remember my mum ever once saying she had to use the toilet my entire life. And if I ever mentioned it she’d get so mad and upset. It’s like this crazy taboo or something. She’s strict and prim and formal and a committed Muslim woman. I think it’s part of her culture or something. Is that a petrol station there? This traffic needs to shift its gears NOW. I’m gonna piss myself in a minute.”

“Please don’t be offended at this Daniel but do you think she might wear protection or something?”

“What? Oh grip me hard! I need to piss! I NEED to piss Ellen! Pinch me tight. As hard as you can. It’s coming!”

Ellen fondled and gripped Daniel’s penis through his underwear as hard as she could feeling it moving and rising with the pressure from Daniel’s body as he slid forward in the seat whilst still trying to drive.

“I’m pulling into this bus stop! I don’t even care if I get a fine. I can’t hold this a second longer!”

Pulling over Daniel pulled the handbrake on so quickly the car jerked causing dribbles of pee to leak through his underwear onto Ellen’s fingers. Pulling his suit trousers to his knees Daniel pressed his hand over Ellen’s squeezing and pushing manically as he unclipped his belt and turned to face Ellen tearfully.

“I’m going to ruin my suit and my car but I can’t stop it!”

“You can’t help it. Your car seat will clean and your suit will wash. It’s all ok.”

Loosening her grip slowly Ellen immediately felt urine seeping out of Daniel’s penis through his underwear and down his leg, pooling on the leather car seat and dripping into the footwell as Daniel sniffled hiding his head in his hands. Sliding his saturated underwear to the side Ellen pulled Daniel’s peeing penis out aiming it under the steering wheel to try and miss Daniel’s trousers as much as possible as the urine arched thicker and stronger as Daniel sobbed lightly into his hands.

“I’ve had to go for hours. Mum kept giving me more to drink. I should have said no. I was just so desperate and the traffic and the diversion and…”

“You can stop now Daniel. It’s errrr…filling your footwell fast here!”

Smiling as Daniel finally pulled his hands away from his face and looked at the mess he’d made Ellen shook his still peeing penis a little hoping it was finishing up. Daniel reached down and took over squeezing himself to cut the flow before opening his car door into the pouring rain and scooping urine out his footwell with his foot. Ellen laughed sliding her wet hand under the waistband of her skirt to rub her own knickers which were already very damp.

Embarrassed but so much more comfortable Daniel looked at Ellen sheepishly.

“Do you know any dry cleaners and valet places that open on a Sunday by any chance?”

“Not off the top of my head but I’m sure there will be. Right now though I’m more concerned about wether this car will even get us home with all that liquid down there.”

“It’ll soak into the carpet. I’m sure it’ll get us to mine but I’ll need to put a heater on in the garage to dry it out and get it valeted urgently. I’m so sorry about this.”

“Don’t apologies Daniel. That was one of the sexiest things I’ve ever witnessed. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you that desperate before. Maybe you should visit your mum more often!”

“No chance! Once a week is enough. She’s a good cook though if you fancy one of those home made meals again. Much better than take away.”

Looking out the front window rubbing herself under her skirt Ellen murmured under her breath.

“It’s not food that I’m hungry for right now, it’s something else altogether.”

Assuming Daniel hadn’t heard as he restarted the car, his feet splashing in the sopping footwell, Ellen felt her face redden as he indicated to pull out the bus stop checking his blind spot as he spoke.

“I definitely fancy that too now you mention it. Could you hitch my trousers up a bit more so I can drive honey. Thank you. You really are wonderful Ellen. Have I told you that?”

*242*2023-10-18 23:09

Flooded roads and a flooded car

Setting his sat nav for the shop where he’d dropped Ellen off that morning Daniel followed the directions diligently looking around at every opportunity for somewhere that might have a public toilet he could use. It helped in one way that the traffic was inching along due to the horrendous weather but that also made things so much worse as every minute of delay put more pressure on his sphincter muscles which were tiring quickly. Turning at a roundabout as instructed by the sat nav the traffic came to a halt completely as Daniel squirmed and squeezed at his crotch looking out every window possible for any sign of anywhere at all where he might find a toilet.

Hearing sirens getting louder he noticed the car in front reversing perilously close to his as it indicated then turned in the opposite direction. Edging slightly further forward the next car in front proceeded to do the same as Daniel kept his wipers on full and his heater on too to prevent the car steaming up. Finally getting more visibility it became obvious why the cars were turning back as the road ahead was more like a river than a road. Setting his sat nav to reroute Daniel gave himself one more hard squeeze before turning his car and heading in the opposite direction hoping the sat nav would catch up quickly.

Concentrating hard on listening to the sat nav, keeping a close eye on the road and preventing his bladder from bursting, Daniel’s only hope was that Ellen’s shop might still be open and he could run in quick to piss. Deciding this was his only option left he wound his way through the city as best he could until finally pulling into the car park, wanting to scream in frustration at seeing Ellen standing alone in the rain with the shop clearly already closed.

Embarrassed to admit his struggle to Ellen Daniel knew he was ratty and on edge as the struggle to get back onto the main road almost made him lose control several times. Assuming more and more roads were flooding with the constant heavy rain Daniel became increasingly stressed as every minute passed as his body bombarded his brain with thoughts of peeing and finding a toilet. Becoming almost overwhelmed by the pressure he finally found himself admitting what was wrong, grateful that Ellen wasn’t phased by his wriggling and leg bouncing, on the contrary actually attempting to help him by rubbing his knee and leg and then even his entire crotch, even undoing his trousers and stroking his dick through his underwear. Her touch was sensual and exciting but the need for release was now overbearing and extreme as he felt he had no other choice but to pull over into an approaching bus stop.

He’d no sooner pulled the handbrake on when he felt the first dribbles leak. Aching for release and on the absolute pinnacle of exploding Daniel felt his eyes tearing up as he lifted his bottom forward on the car seat angry at his body for daring to mess his treasured car. Feeling his underwear getting wetter and wetter Daniel tensed his face and gritted his teeth in one final attempt to stem the imminent flood. Even with Ellen’s hard so wonderfully gripping and squeezing and pressing the pressure was just too hard, too fierce and forceful, that his body could no longer cope.

Whimpering and quietly sobbing Daniel felt a long squirt ooze out into his clothing feeling it puddling under his bottom. Desperately trying to regain control again it was utterly futile as Ellen took over pulling his aching penis out of his underwear just as his bladder demanded his full and uncompromising attention as urine arched strongly out of his penis towards the steering wheel and the dashboard, only missing them thanks to Ellen’s guiding hand. Feeling urine soaking through his socks and splashing at his feet Daniel begged his body to stop to no avail as he pissed and pissed and pissed like he hadn’t gone for days. 

In shock at just how much his body had been holding the realisation now sunk in at just how much damage he was doing to his beloved Audi when Daniel suddenly felt so ashamed, so upset and so concerned. His brain now able to finally think of something other than peeing he pushed open the drivers door to shovel out warm urine with his foot onto the already very wet road as the rain outside only proceeded to make his shoe and sock even wetter than before.

His heart pounding and his eyes tearful Daniel curiously felt something happening that he never ever expected. With Ellen still fondling his wet underwear he couldn’t help but feel instantly very horny, the warmth and wetness strangely adding to the hormones greatly. Now keen to get home for a very different reason he felt his manhood still swelling even as Ellen let go and helped pull his trousers back up so he could drive again. Highly motivated to encourage Ellen to stay a bit longer at his house rather than rushing home in her car like she clearly planned to Daniel remembered the meals from his mum as he quickly invited Ellen to stay for dinner.

Starting the car again and checking back in his blind spot, which was even more obscured than normal with the heavy rain, Daniel couldn’t believe it when he heard Ellen muttering under her breath that she was hungry for something else. Pulling out into the road he glanced briefly in Ellen’s direction noticing even in the dark car that her hand was down her skirt as she winked right at him. Determined to get back to his as quickly as humanly possible Daniel wriggled in the drivers seat yet again, this time not because of his bladder’s urgency but because he was rock hard and really really desperate to fuck the beautiful sexy lady sitting right beside him.

*243*2023-10-20 00:06

Arriving back at Daniel’s

With her hand still down her skirt against her underpants Ellen looked out the front windscreen at the torrential rain wondering how much longer it would be before they safety reached Daniel’s. Incredibly proud of how Daniel was handling driving in such poor visibility and on partially flooded road surfaces Ellen felt her feelings towards him deepening from her initial sexual attraction to something much much more the longer she spent with him. Her hair no longer dripping but still damp she felt warmer, safer and happier than she could ever recall feeling despite being stuck in a car in very heavy rain.

Finally pulling down the side of Daniel’s house Ellen smiled thinking of her own car safely parked in Daniel’s garage protected from the weather. She’d never had a garage herself and while a couple of her foster families had had one it wasn’t somewhere she’d ever really been in, none of them actually using it for its intended purpose of housing a vehicle. Expecting Daniel to unlock the garage and ask her to move her car she was surprised when he turned the engine off and turned to look at her smiling.

“You ready to run then?”

“What about your wet carpet?”

“I’ll sort that tomorrow. There’s more important things to do right now.”

“Ok. Do you want me to bring this bag in?”

“Oh I’d forgotten that was there. Yes please. Right…you ready?”

Ellen nodded hearing the rain bouncing off the roof of Daniel’s car loudly.

Unclipping her belt and grabbing the bag between her legs she pushed open the car door and bravely got out into the cold rain, pulling the hood of Daniel’s anorak over her head as she held it in place the full way to his back door. Arriving right behind Daniel she waited briefly while he unlocked the door then squeezed past him as he held his trousers up one handed and the door open with the other hand. Hearing him push the door closed behind her she sat the carrier bag on Daniel’s dining table and pushed the wet hood of the too small anorak back so she could see. Almost immediately Daniel seemed to take the coat off her, hanging it over the back of a nearby dining chair as Ellen laughed seeing his trousers fall to his ankles.

Still giggling as Daniel pulled his own coat off and stepped over his wet trousers to hang it in the cupboard Ellen couldn’t stop herself reaching for the trousers on the floor and picking them up. Surveying them in awe she looked up meeting Daniel’s gaze as she turned the trousers around to show her boyfriend.

“You sure soaked these good and proper didn’t you!”

Daniel flustered, his eyes looking down in embarrassment as he spoke softly and apologetically.

“I was really really desperate. You’re not embarrassed by me are you?”

Feeling Daniel’s words and body language tugging at her heart Ellen dropped the trousers instantly and threw her arms around Daniel in a bear hug embrace. Standing on her tiptoes to reach his lips she kissed them lightly before rubbing her thumb on Daniel’s cheek.

“Absolutely not. Anything but in fact. To tell you the truth it was one of the hottest sexiest things I’ve ever seen. The way you fought so strongly to hold it back, the way you let me touch you while you were ever so bursting, the fact I was holding your penis and feeling you go, your moans and squirms and…actually everything about it…”

Reaching down with her hand to fondle Daniel’s wet underwear Ellen continued talking.

“You drive me crazy Daniel Omari! Really really crazy with very naughty thoughts.”

Prevented from saying anything else by Daniel’s mouth over hers Ellen felt her whole body getting warmer and increasing excited as Daniel’s tongue explored her mouth wildly and eagerly and his hands rampantly fondled inside her top cupping and circling her breasts and bra excitedly. Like an animal pouncing on its prey, within seconds he had pulled her top over her head as his mouth kissed and gnawed erotically at her neck causing her to moan in desire. Sliding her elasticated skirt down in one swift movement Daniel wrapped her body in his arms as he kissed and licked her naked parts like he’d never eaten in his life.

With Daniel bent over exploring her body and kissing parts she couldn’t ever remember being kissed before Ellen somehow managed to pull Daniel suit jacket off and down his arms as he shook it off like it meant nothing to him as he returned to kissing her neck, reaching to undo her bra so he could access her vast breasts easier. Meanwhile Ellen fidgeted with the buttons on Daniel shirt until every one of them was finally unbuttoned as she yanked at the material, being careful not to rip it, until she edged it off his arms and onto the floor. Running her fingers down Daniel’s chest Ellen let her hands continue downwards until she could feel Daniel’s long firm penis through his peed in boxers. Running her hands up and down his length she heard Daniel take a breath in through his teeth as he turned to look at her with eyes wide and seeping in lust as his bottom lip shuddered a little.

“Please please tell me you need this as badly as I do?”

Kneeling down Ellen pulled Daniel’s erect penis out through the gap in his boxers as she opened her mouth and licked the length of it with her tongue sucking it as her hands steadied her body by gripping at Daniel’s thighs. Hearing Daniel whimper and moan Ellen pulled herself up then ran her fingers back down Daniel’s chest smiling up at him teasingly.

“Does that answer your question?”

Daniel nodded down at her, his eyes ablaze and his tongue hanging out like a dog on heat. Taking Daniel by the hand Ellen pulled him into the room next door, with its large bay window, wide open curtains and TV on the wall, as she pulled the last of her clothing off, her fuller knickers, then pulled Daniel on top of her as she fell back onto the couch where they’d sat watching a movie just the night before. Opening her legs in anticipation Daniel quickly leaned closer until his long thick manhood slid inside her easily as he rested his arms either side of Ellen’s neck as he pushed up and down as if doing press-ups, his penis rubbing against Ellen in multiple ways making her feel dizzy with sexual need.

Closing her eyes and thinking back to Daniel in the car fidgeting, squirming and squeezing his body in extreme desperation to urinate Ellen felt her orgasm building rapidly as she moaned loudly and shouted out, her whole being back in the car beside Daniel as he fought against the pressure in his bladder.

“Keep holding it in Daniel. You can do it!”

Daniel increased the pace of his humping and pushing as Ellen heard his breathing deepen and his pace intensify.

“I can’t keep holding this much longer. It’s coming out!”

Between Daniel’s words, his smell, the intensity of his body against hers, the power of her recollection from being in the car combined with her body screaming for more and more and more Ellen succumbed to the moment and allowed the hormones to reach their crescendo, the epitome of orgasmic release as Daniel hammered against her faster than he’d ever done before. No sooner reaching what she assumed was the absolute peak of her sexual excitement Ellen suddenly felt everything within her recharge and regroup as another even more powerful force shook her and pushed her body to a whole new dimension as she orgasmed for a second time just as Daniel erupted inside her.

Dazed, exhausted, but amassed in a glow of delight and contentment Ellen wrapped her large arms around Daniel’s sweaty body as she felt his pee soaked underwear against her hips. Holding his head against her neck Ellen allowed her breathing to steady and her body to calm as Daniel slowly lifted his weight off of her and pulled her up. Letting Daniel pull her in for a loving embrace Ellen felt her eyes watering as she longed to stay wrapped up in Daniel’s naked body for the rest of her life.

“You are so amazing Ellen. That was so beautiful and special.I think I’m starting to fall in love with you!”

Ellen held onto Daniel as his arms held her tightly, her head resting on Daniel’s chest hearing his heart beating and feeling his breath on her hair, his words echoing over and over in her mind. Tearfully, quietly, treasuring the intimacy of it all, Ellen took a second to be able to form words.

Anxious yet serene, emotional yet calm, unsure yet equally certain, Ellen opened her mouth as words came out softly and tenderly.

“I can’t stop thinking about you. I think I’m falling in love with you too.”

*244*2023-10-21 00:10

Daniel admits his feeling for Ellen

Driving with open trousers, wet underwear and a beautiful big woman beside him who had just admitted so was horny made Daniel rock hard and gagging. Fixing his eyes on the road he focussed solely on getting home so he could have his way with the woman who was fast stealing his heart. Splashing through puddles no longer worried about the car’s paintwork or alloy wheels Daniel ached to touch himself and rub off, having to seriously concentrate to keep his mind on the road ahead.

After what felt like forever he finally pulled into his street and turned down the side of his house remembering fondly that Ellen’s car was safely locked in his garage. Not even remotely interested in doing up his trousers he locked the car remotely and ran towards the back door with Ellen close behind him. Holding the door open with his back he felt Ellen’s body rub against his as she came inside, the feeling sending shivers down his back and making him yearn for her even more. Closing the door against the awful weather outside Daniel turned to see Ellen pull the hood of his old anorak off her head revealing her gorgeous thick hair which he longed to run his hands through. Instantly reaching to take the anorak off her he let go of his trousers as they fell immediately to his ankles. Ignoring that fact entirely he stepped over them without a second thought as he proceeded to remove his own coat and hang it up in its usual place.

Closing the cupboard door Daniel eyed Ellen up hungrily feeling his face warming in embarrassment as she held up his wet trousers to examine them. Hoping his earlier accident wouldn’t put Ellen off him he muttered quietly trying to justify his actions by explaining how desperate he’d been. Looking at the floor hesitantly the next thing Daniel felt was Ellen’s body wrapping his in a wonderful hug before she leaned up and kissed him fondly. Listening to how she’d found his desperation and eventually accident such a turn on Daniel could no longer contain himself any longer as he kissed Ellen deeply and passionately, exploring her body eagerly and hungrily as his penis throbbed in his still wet underwear.

Things naturally developed quickly as before he knew it a naked Ellen was dragging him into the living room as he shakily and breathlessly asked if she really wanted to go further. Begging her in his mind to say yes Daniel gulped when his goddess of a girlfriend pulled out his very hard long penis out of his underwear and licked and sucked at it with her mouth. Feeling like he might explode any second Daniel shook with excitement and need as Ellen pulled him on top of her onto the couch. Longing to be inside Ellen with every fibre of his being Daniel entered Ellen quickly and smoothly struggling to control his need enough not to cum within seconds. Sliding and rocking against Ellen’s vast and beautiful body Daniel gripped the sofa to hold his body weight as his heart thundered and his penis throbbed faster and faster.

Feeling and hearing Ellen climax much much quicker than he ever expected Daniel thrust a few more times edging closer and closer to eruption desperate to consummate the bond between him and Ellen before Ellen relaxed too much for him to get the friction he needed. Grunting with the exertion and desire Daniel’s body sensed something incredible happening as Ellen began thrusting and squeezing once more, the squelching of her mucus sounding like heaven in his ears. Realising quickly that she was actually experiencing a second orgasm he thrust harder and faster against her juicy wet vagina feeling his cum exploding hard inside her. Climaxing hard Daniel felt his arms giving in now as his upper body fell onto Ellen’s as she wrapped her arms around him lovingly and tenderly.

Hearing the fast rhythm of Ellen’s heart slowly but surely gradually slowing to a more natural beat Daniel marvelled in the wonder and awe of every little thing about Ellen Hemmingdale. How he’d dreamt of moments like this for so long but now it felt much much deeper than the lustful urges of their trip to Dundee earlier in the week. Yes he still very much adored Ellen’s large bountiful breasts and her curvaceous womanly body but lying on top of her now it was something so much more, something he’d never experienced before with anyone else.

Aware Ellen was taking his full body weight after a few minutes he pulled himself up and off the couch as he offered Ellen both his hands to help her up too. Pulling her harder to draw her into his arms he held her tightly never wanting to let her go. Finally easing his grip a little he looked down at the most gorgeous girl that ever existed in his mind as he felt his heart feel like it might explode with emotion and affection. Trying to find the words to describe what he was sensing happening his mouth seemed to speak exactly what his mind was thinking without a second thought of how this might affect Ellen.

Hearing his own voice admitting out loud that he was falling in love with Ellen Daniel suddenly felt vulnerable, terrified, but somehow excited too. He was 100% sure now that Ellen fancied him, and even liked him as a friend, but had he just blown everything by letting his emotions get the better of him after a moment of impulsive passion? Instantly feeling the need to hold Ellen again Daniel wrapped his arms around her needing her to know that whatever she felt right now was ok and he’d respect it regardless.

It was probably less than a minute in reality, though it felt like hours to Daniel, as he smelt Ellen’s hair and stroked it gently with his hand. Feeling his eyes tearing up he couldn’t stop the tears when finally he heard Ellen respond as her words touched his heart like nothing else ever had. Just hearing her say that she couldn’t stop thinking of him and that she thought she was falling in love with him too was way better than hearing he’d just won millions on the lottery. Tipping Ellen’s chin up to see that she too had a tear running down her cheek silently he wiped it away with his finger gently before cupping her face in his hands and kissing her.

Standing back upright again he held Ellen’s hands in his as he looked at her lovingly and compassionately.

“I don’t know about you darling but after all that I feel quite hungry and thirsty. Fancy some tea? I’ve no idea what my mum’s packed this week but her house smelt amazing and quite frankly I could eat anything right now.”

“That chicken dish we had last night was lovely. Not a lot for two mind you.”

“I guess my mum never expects me to have company. Maybe one day soon I’ll have to tell her to make more because I have this amazing and wonderful new woman in my life now. You choose whatever one you like though and I’ll choose another for me. That way we’ll actually get a good portion tonight.”

“Won’t that leave you with a night without a dinner this week?”

Daniel shrugged, for once not even slightly worried about the rest of the week.

“A take away won’t hurt me one night now will it? I won’t tell my mum if you won’t.”

Switching the oven on Daniel transferred two meals into ovenproof dishes and closed the oven door.

“20-30 minutes and we can finally get some dinner. So, my lovely lady, what would you like to do until then?”

Watching Ellen feeling her hair looking a little sheepish Daniel waited to hear what she wanted.

“Would you mind if I had a soak in a bath? I’m always worried about using the gas at mine and between working all day then getting soaked in the rain and then getting a bit…sticky. You don’t mind do you?”

“Of course I don’t. Make yourself at home. There’s plenty clean towels in the cupboard upstairs. I don’t use the bath much so I’m afraid I don’t have any of those bath bomb thingies or bubble bath or anything.”

“Don’t worry about that. I’ll just use my shower gel. Thank you Daniel. I’ll be down for dinner being ready. See you in a bit.”

Daniel smiled watching a naked Ellen pick up her knickers and bra and head upstairs to the main bathroom as he suddenly had an idea of exactly what he could do himself until dinner was ready now that Ellen would be busy upstairs.

*245*2023-10-21 23:40

A phone call during dinner

As Daniel cupped her face and kissed her any doubts Ellen had about what she’d just said seemed to instantly fade away. Maybe all would be ok and this was what Margot was talking about when she said to go for what she wanted? It sure felt right but didn’t everything in the heat of the moment?

Feeling like she needed a moment to be alone to process what had just been said to her and what she’d responded back Ellen was delighted when Daniel suggested having food, especially so when there was a wait while it cooked. Longing to try out Daniel’s jacuzzi bath which she’d seen the night before when brushing her teeth in the main bathroom this seemed like an ideal time to ask. Hoping it didn’t take too long to run she headed upstairs quickly looking forward to feeling the jets against her skin and having some alone time.

Stepping into the warm water Ellen sat down soaking her tired body into the blissful bath as she tentatively switched on the jets. It felt like such a perfect way to unwind after a busy and stressful day,though Ellen was very mindful of the fact she had promised Daniel she’d be downstairs in time for the food being served. Wishing she could lay carefree in the warm bubbly water for so much longer Ellen made the grown up decisions to finally pull the plug and get dried, slipping into her underwear wondering where her nightshirt had went. Heading downstairs to the smell of delicious food she walked into the kitchen just as Daniel was bending down in just a pair of clean pants to get the meals from the oven.

Suddenly feeling famished Ellen slipped quietly into one of the leather dining seats, all thoughts of where her night shirt was long forgotten. Hearing Daniel call her name as he transferred bath meals onto dinner plates Ellen quietly replied that she was right there, seeing Daniel’s eyes lit up and his whole face beam as he turned to see her sitting at the table. Sipping at her mug of warm tea that Daniel had made her ready Ellen looked at the food Daniel placed in front of her as her stomach groaned in anticipation.

As expected the food was so hot and filling and delicious as Daniel asked about her day at the charity shop and she in turn questioned her boyfriend about his rime at his mum’s. It felt so natural and easy, but then it all seemed to suddenly be interrupted when Ellen heard her mobile ringing in her bag. Searching urgently for her bag Ellen pulled out her phone to see it was Celine. Answering brightly whilst trying to disguise the fact she was in the middle of her dinner Ellen knew it had to be something rather important for her friend from the cruise ship to call her that late on a Saturday.

“So sorry for calling at this time of night Ellen. I would have left it to the morning but I’m off to chapel to see my niece make her first communion then I’m back at my sister’s to celebrate. Anyway the thing is Forrest Furnishings have emailed me again today. I know on a Saturday too! I had dropped my contact a wee note on Friday afternoon when Daniel mentioned the possibility of some of the clients moving as soon as this Tuesday. They have a storage warehouse in Stirling and a driver and van going north on Monday morning. I’m assuming they can get access to the tower on Monday morning to drop furniture in. I just wanted to check that with you before I confirmed everything. Oh and one other thing…they are asking if one of the team from here could be there when the furniture arrives so they can put them in the right flats. Is that possible too?”

Chewing her food quickly to reply Ellen quickly sipped at her tea to gain herself another few seconds before replying.

“Right. The getting into Tulloch Court shouldn’t be an issue I’d imagine, though it depends how soon on Monday morning they are meaning? Have they given a time? As for someone being there…mmmm….I’m already committed to travel with the first set on a minibus on Tuesday. I wonder if Arran might be available or…”

“Actually Ellen I’d love to go myself. I’ve been working with Forest Furnishings for ages now and I’d really like to see this through. I was thinking of just booking a travel inn or something and coming back with you on the Tuesday afternoon. That’s what I’m calling about really. Do you think that’ll be ok?”

“It sounds like you have it all sorted then. You know that channel 4 are following Dmitro and Tetyana so they’ll be cameras filing them going in on Tuesday and possibly some of the others too?”

“So I heard. I’m not doing this for the limelight Ellen. It’s just this project it’s like my baby so to speak and I just want to know that everything is where it’s supposed to be for them all seeing their new flats for the first time. It’s so exciting. So if everything sounds ok I’ll get the train over to Stirling early Monday morning and the lorry will pick me up from there. Oh just before I go it’s flat 1B that Tetyana and Dmitro have and Taras and the others are floors 7 and 8. That’s right?”

“Yip that’s right but I’ll drop you an email after I’ve finished my dinner with the exact flat numbers. Enjoy the first communion tomorrow. I hope the weather is much better than today has been!”

“God I hope so too. The forecast is for it to be dry at least. Sorry for calling during your dinner. Thanks for your help. Have a nice night.”

Finishing her food and drink Ellen updated Daniel on the conversation while he continued eating too.

“It’s all happening so quickly Ellen isn’t it? Only 10 days ago this was all still a dream to me and now look. I know I’ve said this before but thank you so much for coming to see the tower last Monday with me. It was a bit of an adventure but I’ll never forget that day for so many reasons. Mostly you though. I still can’t believe i’m actually with you you know. By the way I’ve got a little surprise for you….”

“What?”

Ellen watched as Daniel pulled something familiar out his pocket and held it in his hand.

“I thought this would help you. It’s not a lot but you shouldn’t ever have to worry about being able to have a hot bath Ellen or be sitting in the cold. I’m not sure how long this will last but I’ve put £100 on anyway. I hope that will do you for a bit anyway.”

“But…how?”

“I googled when you were in the bath. Turns out you can top it up online 24/7. All your details were on the card so I just logged in as a guest and topped you up. I’d far rather you stayed here but….well I thought since it’s your first real house and it means so much to you and we both still have our own lives and things…you will let me know it works won’t you?”

Ellen reached her hand out to take the gas card holding Daniel’s hand in both of hers. Tearful, grateful and shocked Ellen felt her emotions overwhelming her as tears streamed down her face.

“Thank you. I can’t believe you did that. I’ve never ever managed to top it up by that much, or the electricity for that matter. I should get dressed and head home now. Thank you for everything.”

“You don’t have to go right away do you? I didn’t do it to make you go home! Anything but! Plus the roads are so bad tonight. Please stay Ellen. We can go back to yours together first thing if you’d like? ”

As if on cue the rain lashed once again heavily at the kitchen window as Ellen knew Daniel was talking sense. Nodding through her tears Ellen wiped her face with the back of her hand sniffing. She was still getting used to the mere fact she had her own place let alone now having such a generous and caring boyfriend too. It was a lot to take in especially when she was tired and had so much going on at work right now.

*246*2023-10-22 23:07

Daniel sees Ellen home

Looking around the kitchen and living room Daniel quickly realised his laptop was still in his car as he ran out in the pouring rain to get it not even bothering to put his coat on. Setting it up on the dining table he unzipped Ellen’s shoulder bag and rummaged for her gas card. Finding it loose in the small bag he quickly zipped up the bag again feeling guilty and anxious about what he was doing. Reading the utility company on the card he googled ‘ways to top up prepayment gas meters’ as a long list of local places with the appropriate machines popped up.

Scrolling down to what he was certain was the company’s legitimate site he clicked on a help page with a 24 hour number listed. Wondering if he should maybe call it he scrolled further seeing a link to top up online. Clicking the link and pressing ‘top up as guest’ he followed the step by step instructions getting the details from Ellen’s card thankful that they didn’t ask for personal details like her address or date of birth. Finally reaching the payment part he entered £100 in the box and filled in his bank card details, sweating with nerves at the thought that Ellen might catch him. Thrilled to get the ‘thank you for your payment’ page Daniel quickly exited the site and turned his laptop off putting it safely away in the lounge.

Gathering the clothing on the living room floor he automatically put it all in the washer dryer then ran upstairs to put on a fresh pair of trousers and a clean t-shirt before coming back down to check on the food. Seeing the gas card still sitting on the dining table he slid it into his pocket before opening the oven, guessing from the smell that the food was now ready. Bending down to slide the oven tray out he called on Ellen hoping she could hear him as he started dishing up the food. Turning around to take the plates to the table his heart skipped a beat seeing Ellen sitting at the table in just her bra and knickers. Making a quick tea and coffee Daniel then sat down opposite Ellen, his eyes naturally veering towards her chest more than they should have.

They hadn’t even finished dinner when Ellen’s phone rang as Daniel happily watched her talking and eating and drinking sitting opposite her. Picking up one side of the conversation he gathered early on that it was work related praying silently that it wasn’t anything too urgent or complicated. Anxious and eager to surprise Ellen with what he’s done for her he was glad when the call ended and she proceeded to briefly update him on what had been so urgent on a Saturday evening.

Feeling blessed and incredibly happy to just be sitting with Ellen alone again Daniel finally found an opportunity to tell Ellen his surprise. Seeing her face at the news he felt a mixture of delight, thankfulness, but suddenly a real uneasiness as he realised for the very first time that it might look like he was hinting that he wanted Ellen to go back home, a fact he didn’t want in any way at all. Watching her crying he also wasn’t sure if he’d upset or offended her now or if she was just emotional. At least she nodded to agree to stay the night again, something he hoped he’d never take for granted.

Clearing away and washing up Daniel suggested to Ellen that she relax in the lounge while he cleaned up. Reminding her where the blanket was he set about wiping surfaces, washing up and mopping the floor before walking through the archway into the lounge finding Ellen dosing under the blanket on the couch with the ten o’clock news playing on the TV. Snuggling beside her he wrapped her in his arms letting her sleep as he watched the rest of the news followed by a half hour documentary on street gangs. With Ellen still sleeping he switched the TV off then stirred her enough to encourage her to head to bed.

Following her upstairs he watched respectfully as she took off her bra and knickers before hugging her and kissing her goodnight. Switching the bedroom light off he slipped into the en-suite to use the toilet and brush his teeth before joining her in bed, finding himself tired both physically and emotionally.

Waking up on Sunday morning before Ellen Daniel brought up some breakfast in bed for Ellen, sitting beside her contentedly sipping his own coffee as Ellen ate and drank. Settling into an easy rhythm of showering, dressing and brushing teeth Daniel let Ellen get the space she needed as he worked his routines around her. Struggling to find something to wear, with his usual suit trousers unwearable still from his accident the day before, Daniel was so grateful for Ellen’s help as she picked him out a smart pair of brown corduroy trousers and a cream shirt. Watching Ellen put on the last of the clothing she’d brought from home Daniel concluded in his mind that Ellen would look stunning even in a bin bag!

Back downstairs over a second cup of tea and coffee Daniel finally found the courage to ask what Ellen’s plans were for that day. Itching to clean his car and check how wet the carpet was still, but not wanting to appear to be chasing Ellen away, he was happy to hear that Ellen had things she needed to do too. Offering to at least make sure her gas card top up had worked and make sure Ellen knew the way back to hers he suggested they head to hers sooner rather than later. Ellen seemed happy at this as she set about gathering her things while he waited patiently for her coming back down.

Unlocking the garage so she could get her car out they were both glad to see the back of the rain from the day before as the sun peeked its way through the clouds above. Having Ellen follow him the few miles back to her own maisonette Daniel felt disgusted by the strong smell of urine in his car and the dampness still in the footwell. Seeing Ellen’s block in broad daylight didn’t make it any more appealing as Daniel began having serious doubts again about leaving Ellen in such a run down area. Negotiating up the filthy sticky stairs to Ellen’s front door Daniel stood back allowing Ellen to unlock her door and go in first.

The cold, damp, sparse living area felt even more depressing than ever as Daniel looked around quietly while Ellen went into a cupboard and did something with the gas meter. Seeing her smile as she closed the cupboard Daniel assumed the top up had worked as Ellen went to a thermometer on the wall and turned it up.

“It should warm up quite quickly hopefully. I’d offer you tea snd biscuits but I don’t have much in just now. The last week before payday is always the hardest. I always get there though. At least I only have a few days to go now. Almost the end of the month already. It’ll be October and Halloween before we know it.”

“And three weeks before then the cruise ship leaves. I’m not sure which is scarier right now.”

“Definitely that cruise leaving…well in my case anyway.”

Not sure what to say back Daniel simply nodded as he sensed it might be time to leave Ellen alone. He hated leaving her but he was just as anxious to check his car was still in one piece and get it cleaned up and dried as a matter of urgency.

“I’ll text you later. You know where I am if you need me. Bye for now.”

Giving Ellen one final hug he left to drive back home, his mind a whirl of work, his dirty car, his suit that needed dry cleaned yet again and Ellen alone in her house with nothing to eat and no money to buy anything.

*247*2023-10-23 23:21

Ellen at home on Sunday

Tired and emotional Ellen was more than happy to sit in Daniel’s lounge while he tidied and cleaned the kitchen. Switching on the TV for company and snuggling under Daniel’s blanket she felt warm and comfortable as her body sank into the cushions and the voice in the TV grew quieter and quieter. The next thing she felt was Daniel lifting her head suggesting she go upstairs to bed, which she was more than happy to do. Sliding naked into the huge bed with its thick duvet and fluffy pillows she rested her head and curled up drifting back to sleep quicker and easier than she expected.

Waking to Daniel already dressed and producing a tray of warm buttered toast and a hot mug of tea just how she liked it made her feel so special and wanted. Chatting about their plans for the day over tea and coffee Ellen felt happier than she could ever recall as she remembered Daniel’s words from the night before while he showered and she sorted her clothes out for the day ahead. Entering the en-suite as Daniel came out their naked bodies lightly touched as they passed as their eyes caught together just enough to send unspoken messages between them.

In the kitchen soon after over a second mug of tea it seemed right that she get ready to head back to her own place again, so Ellen finished her drink then quickly packed her belongings into a bag and returned to the kitchen. Grateful to be able to follow Daniel until the roads were familiar again Ellen sang along to the radio in her car as she relaxed now she was closer to home. Parking as close to her block as she could Ellen looked up at the old unloved building seeing it differently in the morning sunlight. What had only a few months ago seemed exciting and full of possibilities now felt cold, empty and unappealing. Not wanting to let Daniel know any of that though she opened the door confidently and headed up the communal stairs to her own front door.

Compared to Daniel’s house it suddenly felt empty, bare, and chilly as Ellen immediately put the gas card into the meter and watched as the credit changed from 0 to 100. Eager to test it more she turned the thermostat higher smiling when it clicked to come on.

Daniel seemed keen to go then as he hugged her and kissed her on the cheek before making a hasty retreat back to his car. Running to the kitchen window to watch him Ellen fixed her eyes on the smartly dressed coloured man heading to the expensive Audi hoping he was already missing her as much as she was missing him. Still watching his every move it wasn’t until the car was out of sight that Ellen turned her eyes back into her old worn out kitchen. Rereading the letter from her landlord that she’d left on the counter she sighed and put it back down as she pulled her purse out of her bag and emptied the contents out onto the counter beside the letter. Counting the coins Ellen held them all in her hands wondering how she’d manage with just £3.34 until her wages went into the bank a few days later.

Not really enjoying being alone she turned the heating back off and headed straight back out for a walk to the discount supermarket to see if she could at least get some milk for her tea and possibly something cheap or reduced for her dinner later too. The fresh air somehow boosting her mental well-being Ellen arrived at the shop more confident than she’s been when she left home. Picking up a basket she searched carefully, managing to pick up a packet of tomato pasta and sauce, a reduced loaf of bread, a pint of milk and a packet of own brand biscuits amazingly, not only having enough money but still having some change too.

Walking quicker back to her house because she was now needing to wee Ellen was over ten minutes away from the shop when she realised she’d left her house keys at the till when she’d paid for her shopping. Turning back she was annoyed and stressed hoping that her keys were still there. Thankfully they were as she apologised to the staff member who had to fetch them and rushed out the store embarrassed. Heading home again Ellen was regretting drinking so much tea at Daniel’s that morning as her bladder reminded her constantly that it wasn’t appreciating the time it was taking her to get home to the toilet.

Dancing at her front door desperately Ellen dumped the small bag of groceries down, kicked the front door closed and raced upstairs to her cold damp bathroom, only just making it to the toilet on time. Spending the rest of Saturday relaxing, watching TV, eating, sipping mugs of tea and cleaning her house Ellen went to bed missing Daniel more than ever. Sending him a text to ask if he’d managed to clean his car ok and saying goodnight Ellen jumped as she got a reply almost instantly. Smiling seeing his name on her phone Ellen couldn’t wait until the morning as she looked forward to seeing Daniel all day long at work, closing her eyes to picture his flawless brown skin, the curl of his dark hair and the gorgeous way his eyes lit up when he smiled.

Wondering what he might wear to work if his grey suit was still at the cleaners Ellen rolled to the side with her arms between her legs as she thought back to why Daniel’s grey trousers needed cleaned and why he’d had to clean his car. Becoming aroused easily Ellen slid a hand to her crotch as she rested her head on her pillow and let her mind drift to Daniel and all the memories they’d shared in the last 10 days.

*248*2023-10-25 00:01

Daniel’s Sunday

Parking his car in his garage Daniel immediately set about cleaning and looking after it. Leaving the driver’s door wide open to dry the footwell carpet out he opened the bonnet and did his usual weekly checks; topping up the screen cleaner, checking the brake fluid and oil levels and making sure every cable and bolt was tight and in order. Pulling out his vacuum he plugged it in and began hoovering the car thoroughly, even in places where no one had been. Cleaning the windows and wiping all the inside surfaces he adjusted the air freshener and cleaned the rear view mirror before reversing the car out of the garage and jet washing and polishing it until it was gleaming. Leaving the drivers door open again to air the carpet more Daniel returned to his kitchen for a large class of water to quench his thirst.

Looking out the window at his car he couldn’t stop thinking of Ellen as he smiled at the memory of their trip to Dundee less than a week before. Vividly recalling Ellen as she slid her wet leggings and knickers off after having wet herself in the foot court in the shopping centre, then pulling her top off to reveal her copious, beautiful breasts encased in such an enticing lace trimmed bra. Laughing to himself as he replayed in his mind how she wriggled and struggled to put on the dress she’d bought from a charity shop that day he could almost feel her soft warm skin as he thought about how he’d helped pull her dress down. Placing his empty glass in the sink he let his hand move easily to his crotch as he felt his erection growing in his trousers.

Returning outside to put the hose and jet wash away, return the hoover to where it went and squeeze out the clothes he’d used to polish and clean the car Daniel checked on the footwell carpet glad to feel that it was dry enough to lock up the car, though he decided to keep the window open just for a while longer. Feeling satisfied at what he’d achieved that morning he locked the garage back up and returned to the house more than ready for something to eat and drink.

Checking the fridge to see what he had in he shook his head and closed it again, wanting to save the meals his mum made for dinner. Not one for liking supermarkets of any sort he put his jacket on and headed straight out for the short walk to the nearby retail park already thinking of what he was going to order for his subway lunch. Amazed at how busy the retail park was on a Sunday lunch time in late September Daniel ducked through the shoppers joining the queue for the sandwich bar. Preoccupied thinking of what he planned to order his thoughts were interrupted when he felt a sharp tug in his body and automatically clenched his muscles. In all the busyness of sorting his car it had never crossed his mind to use the bathroom, a fact that was now coming back to haunt him!

With the tingling and nagging from his bladder refusing to go away it felt like the queue was taking forever as Daniel shifted around awkwardly hoping no one was watching him. Eventually placing his order he watched as his sub moved quicker down the line of staff than he was the opposite side of the counter as he nodded automatically to the staff member who asked if he wanted a drink with his meal. Finally reaching the till he paid by card before grabbing the cup and sandwich and walking home quickly. Sipping at the drink and feeling it adding to his full bladder instantly Daniel distracted his thoughts by once again thinking of Ellen and how she might react if she knew he was walking down a street bursting to pee with no bathroom in sight. Knowing that thought would very much turn her on he smiled to himself and sipped at his juice even more.

Feeling famished by the time he reached home Daniel unlocked his back door and went inside placing the remains of his drink on the dining table and unwrapping his sandwich to take a bite. The pressure from his bladder exponentially growing now he knew he was just seconds from a toilet Daniel grabbed at his crotch opting to have another bite of his sub first before pissing. Fondling himself in the privacy of his own home Daniel felt his arousal growing the stronger his need to piss got as he swallowed the mouthful of bread and filling and immediately took another bite again. Caught between hunger and his bursting bladder Daniel pinched and rubbed himself more as his stomach craved more and more to eat.

Trying to chew quickly whilst squirming a lot Daniel choked slightly on a bread crumb causing him to pick up his juice and down what was left in one go. As the ice cold liquid slid down his throat to his stomach Daniel immediately began to regret his choice, having to squeeze harder and stronger and rub his penis to prevent liquid oozing out.

Closing his eyes and imagining Ellen watching him Daniel undid his trousers and gripped his now erect penis in his hand. Rubbing himself both to hold off peeing and to build his excitement even more he teased his body and mind, all the time visualising Ellen’s eyes full and longing, her cheeks red with excitement and her lips open and moist. Desperately needing to piss he moaned and muttered to himself as he started to panic about losing control. Edging himself still he staggered towards the downstairs loo holding his trousers up with one hand as he tightly gripped his dick in the other.

Standing abreast in front of the toilet he edged a bit more, this time with his pants down too, as he continued thinking of Ellen, this time when they were locked in a meeting room on the cruise ship and they were both urgently needing to pee. Seeing in his mind how that situation unfolded and they ended up having sex on the floor of the room when Ellen burst all over the carpet Daniel rubbed harder and harder as the pressure from his bladder intensified constantly.

Loving how it felt that day hearing and feeling Ellen’s warm urine on his body Daniel wondered if Ellen might find the same thing as erotic as he did as he focussed his mind and pictured Ellen naked lying in front of him, her vast body and breasts staring out at him and her lovely voice begging him to let go all over her. Releasing the tight pinch he had on the tip of his trembling penis Daniel gasped as liquid immediately burst from his manhood as he aimed his spray all around the toilet pan as if soaking his naked girlfriend.

Relieved, but unbelievably horny, Daniel forced himself to get cleaned up and dressed again knowing he still had lots he wanted to do. Leaving the small bathroom he found his suit trousers and looked at them carefully. In his haste last night to tidy up he’d accidentally put them in the washer dryer with the other laundry but thankfully they appeared to be ok as he hoped they hadn’t shrunk or faded in the wash. Deciding he’d face that later he put his lunch rubbish in the bin and sat down in the living room. Tired, he switched on the TV scrolling until he found an old rerun of Top Gear. Settling down to watch for a bit his mind kept drifting to Ellen at every opportunity as he wondered if she had food for dinner that night and if her gas had stayed on. Wanting to text her he stopped himself simply because he wanted to give her space, though his phone was never away from his sight in the hope she might just contact him.

It wasn’t until after dinner when he was thinking of heading to bed that she eventually did, his heart missing a beat and his penis jerking just at the sound of the phone. Having been edging on and off for hours it took all Daniel’s self control to go to bed that night without ejaculating. He wanted to save himself knowing he’d get to be with Ellen all day the following day at work and thinking how good it would be to fuck her again very soon. There was nothing he enjoyed more right now than being with Ellen, seeing her desperate to pee and making love to her.

*249*2023-10-25 23:49

Ellen’s Monday morning at work

Heading to work early on Monday morning Ellen pulled into the half empty port car park and signed in feeling quite nostalgic and emotional thinking that her time there would soon be over. Joining Mykhaila and Diana for breakfast she sensed their tangible apprehension about their impending move with Diana rightly concerned about her ongoing medical treatment. Promising to chase things up with Victoria Fielding, the NHS support nurse whose role was to help the transition of refugees with medical care, Ellen then listened as Mykhaila talked about her school friends and how she didn’t want to leave them.

No sooner having taken her tray of dishes to the relevant area for the kitchen staff to collect Ellen was interrupted by someone calling her. Turning to see a very enthusiastic and excited Celine she held her hands out to embrace her as she remembered that she was heading to Dundee for the day to see the tower block for the first time and oversee the delivery of donations of furniture. Walking together to Ellen’s work area Celine chatted eagerly and constantly while Ellen looked up the flat numbers on her spreadsheet sending them as a text to her colleague so she had a note of them. Begging her friend to send photos of the furniture so she could show all those moving tomorrow she waved her friend off happily wishing her a safe journey.

Logging into her emails Ellen sat down at her desk working through a huge to-do list trying to get all the last minute arrangements in place for the first batch of refugees to move the following day. Waving goodbye to some of the children as they left for school Ellen made herself another mug of tea as she started on her list of phone calls, smiling and blushing while talking on the phone as she saw Daniel arriving in his smart grey suit with his hair neatly combed and his demeanour bright and cheery.

Waving to acknowledge having seen him her heart started beating faster as he approached her desk looking radiant, handsome and very sexy. Yearning to kiss him she looked away trying to focus on her phone call as her body warmed up and her mind seemed to suddenly remove all other thoughts other than how badly she wanted the man in front of her. Catching his familiar smell as he bent down closer to her, within touching distance yet still a professional space between them, he smiled and winked leaving her feeling breathless and wanting.

Ending the call she looked up to see her boyfriend now unpacking his laptop and setting up to work at the desk right beside her. Aware she was staring but unable to draw her eyes away she continued watching Daniel’s every move as he walked over to the hot drinks, made himself a mug of coffee and returned to his desk. Oblivious to the fact someone was now standing at her desk Ellen jumped hearing a familiar voice speaking quietly beside her.

“You could do a lot worse than Daniel. They do say it’s the quiet ones you need to watch though isn’t it?”

Blushing Ellen turned to see Aran from the Scottish Refugee Council as she smiled awkwardly. Laughing to hide her embarrassment she joked about needing Celine there to keep her in check before catching up with her colleague and discussing work related matters. As soon as he left Ellen immediately called Victoria just as she’d promised Diana and Mykhaila. Having a more somber and frank conversation with the nurse she felt more reassured of a hospital transfer for Diana as well as several other medical issues pertaining to different refugees. Mentioning the two pregnant ladies they both began getting excited thinking of the babies arriving to both families being in their own homes rather than on a cruise ship. Promising to pop in and see Diana and explain the process to her of receiving her treatment in Dundee instead of Glasgow Ellen said goodbye to Victoria knowing she might even see the nurse later that day.

With her tea now cold Ellen walked over to make a fresh one feeling Daniel’s eyes on her as she did so. Walking back to her station her eyes met Daniel’s briefly as the obvious attraction between them went unsaid. Longing to be touched, held, kissed by the handsome man looking at her with his flawless brown skin and gorgeous eyes Ellen felt her hormones racing like a run away train as she sat down behind her laptop to refocus on the piles of new emails and growing list of tasks needing done. Finishing her tea Ellen placed the empty mug down as she saw a familiar face walk past. Concerned about seeing the young lady still on the ship Ellen left her desk quickly to catch up with Nadia wondering why she wasn’t in school.

Thankfully Nadia put Ellen’s mind at peace as she explained how her mum had decided to keep her home since they were moving the next day so she could help pack and translate as necessary. Reassuring the teenager that she was coming with them tomorrow she shared how Celine was in Dundee all day sorting furniture showing the girl a couple of photos Celine had already text her. Moving on to talk about schools Ellen swallowed hard hearing how anxious Nadia was about moving in her exam year especially given how she’d only just moved back onto the ship days before.

“Moving is so hard Ellen. It’s like starting all over again and I’m not sure mum and me can keep doing this. We miss Ukraine so badly.”

Recalling how she’s helped the small family just last week escape from their awful landlord who was constantly turning up unannounced to do ‘essential repairs’ only to walk in on them in the bedroom and in the shower until finally Nadia’s mum caught him feeling her daughter’s bottom as he walked past her, Ellen felt her eyes watering. She knew only too well how difficult moving all the time was, even when it was for the right reasons. Feeling like she needed to do something to support the girl she googled the high school for the postcode of the tower block and showed Nadia some pictures of Morgan Academy. Explaining that she’d see the school before starting and that the curriculum would be the same she left the young woman with details of the school as she returned to her mum again to help pack.

Smelling the food from the canteen area and missing seeing Daniel so much Ellen returned to her desk to see Daniel working away quietly. Checking no one was around she stepped closer to his desk and leaned down to speak to him.

“Fancy some lunch? I’m hungry.”

Seeing Daniel’s eyes looking down at her breasts through her top as she leaned forwards their eyes met as Daniel winked provocatively and whispered.

“It’s not just lunch I fancy! But if it means getting to see you more and actually talk to you today then I’m definitely hungry too.”

Looking around to check the coast was clear he then added on,

“You look beautiful today Ellen. Absolutely beautiful.”

Blushing Ellen turned to walk towards the canteen hearing and seeing others all around her but in a world of her own dreaming of Daniel and processing what he’d just said to her. Trying to keep their relationship secret was getting harder by the moment , especially as all she wanted to do that second was wrap her arms around the man she loved and kiss him passionately.

*250*2023-10-28 00:46

Monday morning for Daniel

Daniel woke horny and hungry on Monday morning as he attempted to calm his morning hard on in a lovely warm shower. Ironing a fresh shirt while eating hot porridge he couldn’t wait to get to work and see Ellen again. Pleased to see his footwell was now dry and clean in his car again he was about to leave for work when his mobile rang. Taking the call he kept the conversation functional and professional, hanging up at the first opportunity to prevent from being late for work.

Thrilled to see Ellen’s car in the car park he parked as close as he could to hers getting more and more excited to see his girlfriend again. Passing children in school uniforms and adults heading to study and work Daniel made his way up the gantry smiling at thoughts of Ellen and wishing he could run up to her and hug her. Signing in and passing through security he made a beeline for Ellen’s usual work station hearing her voice and noticing her sitting looking stunning as she conversed with someone on her mobile. Approaching her he felt so drawn to her body and face as he bent down inches from her face to whisper ‘Good morning’. Catching Ellen’s eyes he knew from the way her face warmed and sparkled that she was every bit as delighted to see him, even if she did turn away quickly to continue her phone conversation.

Happy to see that the desk beside her was free he opened his laptop up and set about beginning work for the day, his mind and eyes never far away from Ellen Hemmingdale. Deciding a coffee might help keep him alert he walked over to the hot drinks station feeling Ellen’s eyes on the back of his body. Returning to his desk Daniel felt a strange jealousy that Ellen was now chatting away to Aran Docherty from the Refugee Council as he tried distracting himself with the heavy workload he had to get through. Struggling to concentrate with constantly hearing Ellen’s voice and being so close to her it felt like it was taking him twice as long as normal to get anything done. Distracted and struggling to focus Daniel found his mind racing ahead to naughty things easily, even more so as he watched avidly as Ellen made herself a mug of tea.

Having said nothing more than good morning so far that day Daniel reread an email wondering if it was relevant enough to justify sharing the contents with Ellen just so they could talk. Looking up to see Ellen hoping he might even catch her drinking her tea he was shocked to find her desk empty. Scanning all around the public area he made out her bright top close to the entrance to the canteen as he watched her chatting to a young blond girl who appeared down and anxious. With his coffee now finished and his stomach sending signals that it wanted fed Daniel attempted to reply to another important email as his eyes refused to leave Ellen alone for fear she might somehow disappear.

Thankfully she didn’t as he sensed her approaching the desk again as his penis began stirring with excitement before she even spoke. Just like he’d leaned down on her desk a few hours previously Ellen now leant over Daniel’s desk, his eyes bulging seeing her top ride down and her curvaceous breasts falling right in his eye line. His tongue practically hanging out with craving for her Daniel locked his eyes on Ellen’s sensing a thick sexual desire between them as she casually invited him to lunch. Breathless, highly aroused and utterly infatuated by the girl in front of him Daniel couldn’t help but compliment her as he eagerly agreed to lunch, longing to be alone with Ellen at last. Closing his laptop without bothering to even close anything down he stood up and followed Ellen like a little puppy, dodging furniture and people like they were just minor inconveniences.

Catching up to her he joining the line behind her forgetting to even pick up a tray! Turning back for one he sprinted to get back behind Ellen as she slid her tray casually along the line and placed food on it quietly. Picking out a plate with a baked potato and cheese Daniel stretched to reach a bottle of water catching Ellen’s arm as he did so. Seeing her turn and smile at him he apologised quietly not actually feeling sorry for touching her at all. Following Ellen to what was now becoming their own secret area he sat down opposite her before having to go back for cutlery, his mind obviously not on what he was doing at all. Returning to sit down Ellen laughed quietly before asking if he had something on his mind.

Locking his eyes on Ellen’s Daniel mouthed just one word knowing Ellen would hear even without any sound omitted.

“You.”

Ellen blushed and smiled as Daniel wondered if perhaps she was feeling as turned on as he was just being so close to each other. If she was she wasn’t openly admitting it as she cut her food and began eating while Daniel meanwhile slid his leather shoe off his left foot and stretched it out to rub against Ellen’s leg. Feeling her respond by moving her leg closer to his Daniel knew he’d not be able to leave the table any time soon as he felt the crotch of his suit trousers tighten.

Still having barely spoken Daniel broke the ice by asking how Ellen’s morning had been. Listening as she shared about the numerous people she’d dealt with from Mykhaila and her mum at breakfast, to Victoria the NHS nurse, to Aran, and finally to young Nadia, Daniel sensed Ellen was getting a little emotional as she spoke about how hard the move would be and how imminent it was, not just for those leaving the next day but for everyone else too. Ending by reaching for her phone Ellen held it out to Daniel to let him see photos Celine had texted her as Daniel slid his empty lunch plate to one side and looked down to see the pictures. Quickly checking to make sure no one was watching he let his hand rest over Ellen’s wrist as he scrolled through the pics amazed at how different the flats looked with beds and flooring and couches.

Lifting his hand off Ellen’s arm Daniel let her take her phone back as he bent his head down nearer to Ellen’s and whispered a second time to her how beautiful she was. Following that up with a simple, ‘how was your Sunday?’ Daniel avidly listened as Ellen rambled on about all she did the day before, his body almost exploding as she laughed and talked about leaving her purse at the shop checkout and having to go back for it when she really hadn’t wanted to as she was needing a wee badly. Just imagining Ellen in that scenario drove Daniel crazy with lust as he reached over the table with both hands to take Ellen’s hands in his.

“You know exactly what stories like that do to me don’t you?”

Ellen nodded, her cheeks red and her eyes shining. Overcome with emotion, attraction and passion Daniel momentarily forgot where he was as he could no longer control his movements and self control as he leant closer to Ellen’s face, as she in turn learned in closer to him, as their lips brushed together then locked tightly in an enticing and enduring kiss. His head spinning with lust and longing it was Ellen who pulled back first as Daniel feared he’d overstepped the mark as he dutifully sat up straight and looked at Ellen to try and decipher how she was feeling. With her head dropped and her eyes nervously on the table Daniel waited for her to speak or move, anxious about what was going to happen.

It took almost a minute before Ellen said anything, her voice quiet and full of emotion.

“This is hard isn’t it. I think people are starting to guess now anyway. Have you told anyone?”

“Told them what?”

“You know…about us?”

Ellen looked up as Daniel couldn’t stop himself extending his arm so he could hold Ellen’s hand again on the table.

“No I haven’t. Have you?”

“No. But I think Mykhaila has sort of worked it out, and Aran commented this morning. We’re not good at hiding it well are we? You know I didn’t want what was going on between us to become a distraction to the project. I wanted everyone talking about and focussing on the big move. And I think they are. Even more so with some of them starting to go even earlier than we planned. I don’t want any big announcements or anything, but as long as we are wise, professional, and respectful I don’t think there’s any harm in us say holding hands when appropriate or a kiss good morning. God how I wanted you to kiss me when you first came in this morning. So so much.”

“It was so hard not too.”

“I’m away all day to Dundee tomorrow anyway then we’ll see how things go. But we need to focus on work Daniel. I can’t let these people down.”

Daniel nodded, feeling like a boulder had just been lifted from his shoulder. Clasping Ellen’s hand tightly he stretched his leg out to touch hers again just as Ellen’s mobile rang. Hearing Celine’s familiar voice on the other end he finished his bottle of water while he listened to Ellen so astutely deal with her colleague who sounded like she was in a panic about items not having arrived at the tower block. Shocked to hear Ellen say his name to her colleague he looked up as Ellen chatted to her friend in Dundee.

“Actually Daniel is right beside me right now. Hold on and I’ll ask him. Daniel, any idea who was supposed to be organising the starter packs? Ellen is saying there no pots and pans or cutlery or plates or anything in the kitchen’s?”

“I’m sure Keith said he’d organise it there. Has the food bank delivered?”

“Daniel’s saying Keith was arranging the starter packs. He’s asking if the food bank have delivered too?”

Daniel listened and watched as Ellen shook her head in frustration. Determined, and annoyed at Keith, Daniel stood up to head back to his desk and chase things up. On the ship he could see what everyone was doing and sort any issues out quickly in person but having to rely on someone miles away who he hardly knew to organise vital and essential things was so much more stressful and exhausting. Debating wether he ought to travel to Dundee the next day too to see for himself how things were going he picked up his mobile and dialled Keith Bryan, serious and resolute about ensuring every single refugee had everything they needed and deserved in place in time.

He was the one who had persuaded everyone this was the best option. He owed it to himself, his boss, and most of all Ellen to show he could do this and that it was the right thing for the refugees. Whatever it took to get things sorted he would do. Somehow they were no longer names on a piece of paper but real people, real families just like Ellen had been telling him all along. He understood that now. He understood Ellen’s passion in ways he never had before.

*251*2023-10-29 00:40

Things don’t go to plan

Ellen felt the intimacy and attraction between herself and Daniel intensify as they sat opposite each other to eat. Sensing the tickle of his toes through her leggings and the closeness of his hand on hers Ellen couldn’t help but long for more of Daniel’s body as they stared at each other hungrily. Conversing easily in their private bubble of endearment and mutual affection she knew that while Daniel might be thinking of her body he was also seriously listening to her too, something she had rarely felt others do. It wasn’t that Daniel was just hearing what she said either he was actually feeling her worlds too, truly understanding, properly connecting and communicating, unlike any other person had ever done, especially so when she told him about her experience at Lidl and leaving her keys at the till.

Watching as his pupils enlarged and his forehead furrowed Ellen knew that Daniel was hanging on her every word, knowing without looking or feeling that he was getting harder and harder under the table. When she paused and he asked if she knew what hearing her recollection was doing to him she felt her face burn and her vagina swell. The idea that just a short story from an everyday experience was enough to tip their relationship over amazed Ellen but enthralled her in equal measure. Already knowing that they were reaching a pinnacle, a crescendo from a long morning of sexual build up, she leant forward to get ever closer to Daniel, who himself was drawing towards her like a magnet, as their lips met and united them as one for much longer than either of them expected.

They couldn’t continue on as they were. Ellen knew that more than anyone. Their public denial was fooling no-one and only driving them both crazy. What she had anticipated would cause distraction to others was now becoming overwhelmingly distracting to them instead, taking their minds and focus off of work at a time when neither of them could risk that happening. Hoping Daniel would understand Ellen took a deep breathe and confessed her inward thoughts about how she now though a few people suspected something and how she felt it might now be easier if they no longer hid the fact they were together whist also not publicly announcing anything so it wasn’t too big a deal.

Ever grateful about the fact she had a day away to Dundee the following day to give her breathing space Ellen paused to finish her drink and hear Daniel’s thoughts. He was just about to say something having squeezed her hand affectionately and resuming his wonderful leg rubbing when they were interrupted suddenly by the sound of her phone ringing. Seeing Celine’s name on the screen Ellen answered right away sensing quickly that this wasn’t a girly catch up chat but more urgent work business.

Sighing on hearing the unwelcome news that neither the food nor essential home items had arrived Ellen was glad of Daniel’s presence as he confirmed her thoughts that these item were both the responsibility of Dundee city council and had been agreed at the last meeting by Keith. As Daniel slipped his shoe back on and let go of her hand Ellen saw his demeanour change quickly as he stood up hastily and marched back to his workspace leaving his lunch dishes behind on the table. Still talking to Celine Ellen combined the empty plates and cutlery and bottles onto one tray then single handedly slid the second tray underneath as she adeptly calmed her friend and colleague, assuring her that she’d chase things up as a matter of urgency. Ending the call Ellen took the tray to the relevant area and then walked briskly to her desk hearing Daniel talking firmly on his phone and hoping he was ok.

Turning her laptop back on Ellen brought up the spreadsheets and scanned down them for the name of both the food back Keith mentioned and the starter pack charity. Assuming Daniel was on the phone to Dundee city council Ellen dialled up the food bank followed by Starter Packs Dundee hearing from both that the only correspondence they had received from the council was an initial query regarding general availability and nothing more specific. Putting on her most pleading professional voice Ellen updated both charities on the situation begging them to help despite the tight timeframes. Relieved that both agreed they could provide up to ten flats worth of essential basic household goods and food for a few days Ellen arranged for delivery to the tower blocks adding that within a few weeks they would be needing much more again.

Waiting until Daniel came off the phone Ellen asked him right away how he’d got on as she knew from his flustered mannerisms and frustrated face that he hadn’t been as successful as she had.

“So it seems our Keith is more mouth than action apparently. According to his secretary he’s booked for a number of media appearances tonight and much of the day tomorrow and is currently, would you believe, filming for the local news at the tower block even while Celine is waiting on deliveries he promised to arrange. When I mentioned that one of our colleagues was at the tower block right now and would love to speak to Keith she went silent on me and said he was unavailable right now and to try emailing him! I’m tempted to call Celine’s and get her to search that whole tower block to confront him. I knew we should never have trusted him Ellen. I should just drive there right now!”

Pressing her palms on Daniel’s chest to prevent him leaving Ellen spoke firmly but calmly.

“There’s no need to do that Daniel. I’m just off the phone right now to the organisations Keith was supposed to contact. It turns out he never arranged anything with them but they were both lovely and both Dundee and Angus Food bank and Starter Packs Dundee will drop off the items by the end of today. They thankfully have enough resources to cater for ten flats right now but both of them hinted that to be able to provide for the rest of the flats they would need financial support. I know that should be the responsibility of Dundee but…”

“So Keith hasn’t even paid them? They’ve been given millions Ellen, seriously millions of pounds, from the Scottish government to sort all this. We were only able to secure the relocation funding on the assurance that that was the final funding we’d get and from then on Dundee would get any cash. Where’s the point transporting bus loads of refugees across the country when the receiving local authority isn’t actually wanting them or set up for them?

It’s one thing to organise a contractor to fit out the flats but people need more than a roof over their heads. Have they even organised translators or benefit advisors or support workers or anything else necessary for them? If I arrange money to be transferred direct to the charities have they promised they can genuinely provide the resources we need?”

“I told them both the dates. They said they both could if they get the money in the next few days. Can you claim it back from Dundee later? I’m going to call Celine back and see if she can stay there until they both deliver. I only hope she can as she was planning to get the train back to Stirling to get her car this afternoon. She’s been there hours already.”

“Right. Probably best she doesn’t know that Keith is filming in the building though. She’d probably throw an armchair at him or something.”

Despite the stress and anxiety Ellen couldn’t help but chuckle at the image of her friend throwing an armchair at anyone let alone Keith. Turning back towards her desk she spoke to Daniel again as she pressed her mobile to call Celine.

“I’m not sure she could pick up an armchair but given the situation she might try you know. He certainly deserves it…”

“Oh hi Celine. Right I’ve made some calls and there was a bit of a mix up apparently. So Dundee and Angus foodbank are making some bags up as we speak and will get them delivered this afternoon. Starter packs Dundee have packs ready too but they are waiting on their volunteer driver getting back before they will get the stuff to you too. What train were you planning to get back?”

“I was hoping to get the 15:45. There’s only really one an hour and I’ve still to drive back from Stirling. I’d have liked the even earlier one but there’s no way that’s possible now. The beds and wardrobes and sofas and stuff are all in now and the flats look lovely but they need cutlery and plates and bedding and things.”

“How are you getting to the station?”

“I googled it but it’s a bit much to walk really so I was just going to call a cab. Not sure how long I’d wait for one but google says it’s just a six minute journey. I’d probably be safer calling a cab just after 3.”

Ellen glanced at her watch nervously.

“Are you ok to stay for a couple of hours?”

“I’ll just nip into the centre for a sandwich or something but I’ll only be ten minutes. I’ll wait in the foyer downstairs for them. I’ll let you know when they come.”

“Thanks Celine. I owe you a lot. Do you think they’ll be enough furniture for all the flats by the way?”

“Not them all no but I have other contacts and I am sure I’ll get what they all need. I’d better go get some food. I’m famished! Talk soon!”

Turning back to Daniel who was frowning at something on his laptop Ellen updated him on the call before going to get them both a hot drink. With the extra pressure they definitely needed it right now, even if just to steady their nerves.

*252*2023-10-30 01:18

One problem after another

Hearing the phone ringing and ringing with no answer Daniel was expecting a recorded message to come on the line any minute when suddenly a female voice answered quite abruptly. Introducing herself as Keith Bryan’s secretary Daniel sat up straight determined to get some answers.

Being firm and clear Daniel cut to the point, quickly asking to speak directly to Keith himself stressing more than once how urgent it was and who he was. It didn’t seem to make any difference as the woman simply began listing how many engagements her boss had and how busy he was. Listening, but continuing to insist on speaking with Keith directly, Daniel could feel his frustration building as the secretary repeated herself numerous times, eventually divulging things he was pretty sure she shouldn’t have like the fact her boss was being filmed at the tower blocks for the news hence why he couldn’t be contacted and asking if Daniel had seen him in the press . Clearly blinded by the fact Keith was employing her Daniel sighed to himself as he looked over to see Ellen busy on her phone nearby with her laptop open.

Keeping the secretary talking on the pretence that Daniel was highly interested in Keith’s press appearances Daniel opened up the search engine on his laptop and googled Keith’s name. Pressing on news he scanned down seeing many recent articles and reports all hailing how much he was doing for these ‘poor refugees’ and how wonderful it was that Dundee was taking them when ‘clearly Glasgow couldn’t cope.” Feeling anger burning inside him Daniel finally cut the secretary off saying he had to go and asking her to pass on that he’d called.

Annoyed, irritated and vexed at what he’s just heard and read Daniel stood up wanting to get to Dundee urgently to sort things out. With Ellen now finally off the phone he quickly updated her on the new information he’d found out, rage bubbling hotly in his chest as he took a step towards Ellen planning to get in his car and drive to the tower to confront Keith in person. Not wanting to push past Ellen he looked for another way when Ellen put both her hands on his chest preventing him going anywhere! Listening to what she was saying whilst still yearning to get to Dundee Daniel felt so grateful to Ellen for her quick thinking to contact the organisations Keith had supposedly made arrangements with directly. Processing what Ellen was now saying he felt his heart beat calming and his adrenaline lowering as the urgency of things began to abate.

Checking he’d heard Ellen correctly he clarified that all ten flats would have some basic food and household goods in time for the first arrivals the following day as his mind swirled with how on earth he could make sure the other 50 or so flats also received the necessary things before the rest of the refugees moved in too. Ellen appeared to be one step ahead, yet again, as he voiced his concerns and listened when she said she’d already asked both charities the same question. Beginning to think things weren’t nearly as bad as he’d first feared Daniel looked at Ellen in astonishment as he queried sending money to both charities to cover their costs.

Outraged at this he tried to reign in his rage remembering that Ellen wasn’t the person he was furious at in any way. Briskly explaining how Dundee city council had millions allocated for exactly those things Daniel blurted out louder than he meant to all that Keith had been getting up to since they last met him. Seeing his own feelings about this reflected exactly back in Ellen’s look of incongruity and disbelief Daniel placed a hand on her shoulder as he quietened and softened his tone.

“I think we need to go back through the minutes of all the meetings and now double and triple check every matter that both Keith and everyone else agreed to do. We can’t afford not to really.”

Seeing Ellen nod her head in agreement Daniel sat back down determined and fully focussed as he scrolled through emails for attachments of the minutes of meetings. Opening the most recent one from earlier that week he skimmed through to the relevant points. Looking up to speak to Ellen he noticed her walking towards him with a mug of coffee in her hand.

“I thought this might calm you down and help you focus.”

Smiling he took the mug, immediately taking a sip and realising how lovely it tasted.

“Thank you. I’m just reading the minutes from 25th. This is going to take hours, if not days Ellen. As well as the renovation work, which at least we have seen ourselves and Celine has seen today too, there’s the food and starter kits, which you’ve obviously just chased up, welfare and benefit support, educational links, medical transfers, community settling in support, translators, citizenship classes and legal support! How many, if any, of those he’s done is anyone’s guess. And this is just this one meeting!”

“He was going to update us on the caretakers position too wasn’t he? I wonder if he’s even advertised that vacancy yet?”

“That should be easy enough to find out.”

Taking another sip of his coffee before putting the mug down on his desk Daniel returned to google typing in ‘Dundee city council job vacancies’, with Ellen now standing beside him looking at the screen whilst sipping tea.

“This looks like it. It only went live yesterday too! Deadline for applications: end of November! What! What with interviews and shortlists and training and vetting you’d be lucky to get someone starting by Spring! He’s known about this for months Ellen! Even before I knew! This is ridiculous!”

“Scroll down to the job description a minute Daniel. I’m curious what he’s put for that.”

Daniel scrolled down reading the description silently as Ellen peered closer to the screen to read it through too. Gasping in almost harmony Daniel felt his anger rising yet again with every bullet point he read. Remaining quiet to allow Ellen to read too he scrolled the page down feeling more irritated the more he read. Letting Ellen read more he waited for her response before giving his thoughts.

“Decent wage but how the blazes has he got away with that?”

“That man is an absolute joke. It’s like he’s cut as pasted all his responsibilities into that job description, except all those things need to be in place now, not next year! Oh and by the way that salary won’t include rent. Did you read the bit about the flat coming with the job? It bloody well should given what he’s expecting a candidate to do for that money.”

“He’s pretty much outlined everything I’ve been doing here for a whole year for a fraction of that wage though.”

Taking another sip of coffee Daniel skimmed through the description again, this time thinking of his wonderful girlfriend and the work she did day in and day out faithfully. Aware Ellen had now pulled a chair up to sit beside him as she sat crossed legged sipping her tea Daniel turned to look at her in admiration and agreement.

“That’s because you are bloody amazing Ellen. Anyone who can do all that and make it seem easy is incredible, inspirational and irreplaceable. I can’t get my head around Shelter letting you go. You should be getting promoted and getting a wage rise for all you do not losing your job. Never in all my life have I met anyone as dedicated, committed and passionate as you.”

“Remind me to ask you for a reference soon.”

“I’m not sure you’re allowed to do that for someone you are in a relationship with.”

Nudging his arm playfully Ellen giggled as Daniel smiled and winked at her.

“Then maybe we’ll need to stop seeing each other so I can get a decent reference!”

Placing his hand on Ellen’s knee Daniel met Ellen’s eyes smiling.

“I’m afraid I could never agree to that. I like you way too much to stop seeing you.”

Giggling awkwardly Daniel’s heart jumped as Ellen replied as he watched her use her arm to pull her crossed legs closer to her body. Quietly, shyly, Daniel couldn’t believe what he was hearing as his body immediately responded in its all too familiar way.

“Well unfortunately I’m afraid you’ll have to stop seeing me, at least in the literal sense, just for a few minutes anyway, because I really need to go to the loo.”

Daniel opened his mouth to say something but before he could Aran appeared right in front of them preventing Ellen getting out as he looked at his phone and then Ellen.

“Glad I’ve found you Ellen. Have you heard from Yeva at all today?”

“No I haven’t. Should I have?”

“She went with Mrs Kravchenco to a hospital check up today. Apparently they weren’t happy about her levels and they’ve admitted her again. Yeva called me looking for you. Apparently your phone’s been engaged for ages. Myroslava is working early today and had apparently arranged for Diana to collect the girls from school. Yeva was wondering if you could get them and bring them back? Myroslava should be back here for 4:30 Diana says. Obviously no one wants to contact social services until we know how long Diana will be in for.”

“I can’t believe that. I only saw Diana at breakfast this morning too. She looked tired but better than she’d been. She was anxious about the move so I called Victoria Fielding and she promised me she’d pop in and talk to her to reassure her. Mykhaila will be so upset at this news. Don’t go calling social work whatever you do. I’ll collect the girls and we’ll see how things are in a few days time. I’ll call Yeva just now. Thanks Aran.”

“Thanks Ellen. That family will miss you sorely when they move.”

“Not as much as I’ll miss them.”

Taking in this latest development Daniel watched as Aran left and Ellen called Yeva, Ellen’s legs still tightly crossed and her knee shaking. Glancing at his watch it didn’t seem like Ellen would get much time to talk before she’d have to leave for the school. It was already 2:40 now and he assumed school finished at 3. Unsure how close it was he leaned his arm in front of Ellen and tapped on his watch to show her the time. If she planned on going to the ladies first she’d need to be super quick.

