The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 10

Author: Mbgpeelover

*242*2023-10-18 23:09

Flooded roads and a flooded car

Setting his sat nav for the shop where he’d dropped Ellen off that morning Daniel followed the directions diligently looking around at every opportunity for somewhere that might have a public toilet he could use. It helped in one way that the traffic was inching along due to the horrendous weather but that also made things so much worse as every minute of delay put more pressure on his sphincter muscles which were tiring quickly. Turning at a roundabout as instructed by the sat nav the traffic came to a halt completely as Daniel squirmed and squeezed at his crotch looking out every window possible for any sign of anywhere at all where he might find a toilet.

Hearing sirens getting louder he noticed the car in front reversing perilously close to his as it indicated then turned in the opposite direction. Edging slightly further forward the next car in front proceeded to do the same as Daniel kept his wipers on full and his heater on too to prevent the car steaming up. Finally getting more visibility it became obvious why the cars were turning back as the road ahead was more like a river than a road. Setting his sat nav to reroute Daniel gave himself one more hard squeeze before turning his car and heading in the opposite direction hoping the sat nav would catch up quickly.

Concentrating hard on listening to the sat nav, keeping a close eye on the road and preventing his bladder from bursting, Daniel’s only hope was that Ellen’s shop might still be open and he could run in quick to piss. Deciding this was his only option left he wound his way through the city as best he could until finally pulling into the car park, wanting to scream in frustration at seeing Ellen standing alone in the rain with the shop clearly already closed.

Embarrassed to admit his struggle to Ellen Daniel knew he was ratty and on edge as the struggle to get back onto the main road almost made him lose control several times. Assuming more and more roads were flooding with the constant heavy rain Daniel became increasingly stressed as every minute passed as his body bombarded his brain with thoughts of peeing and finding a toilet. Becoming almost overwhelmed by the pressure he finally found himself admitting what was wrong, grateful that Ellen wasn’t phased by his wriggling and leg bouncing, on the contrary actually attempting to help him by rubbing his knee and leg and then even his entire crotch, even undoing his trousers and stroking his dick through his underwear. Her touch was sensual and exciting but the need for release was now overbearing and extreme as he felt he had no other choice but to pull over into an approaching bus stop.

He’d no sooner pulled the handbrake on when he felt the first dribbles leak. Aching for release and on the absolute pinnacle of exploding Daniel felt his eyes tearing up as he lifted his bottom forward on the car seat angry at his body for daring to mess his treasured car. Feeling his underwear getting wetter and wetter Daniel tensed his face and gritted his teeth in one final attempt to stem the imminent flood. Even with Ellen’s hard so wonderfully gripping and squeezing and pressing the pressure was just too hard, too fierce and forceful, that his body could no longer cope.

Whimpering and quietly sobbing Daniel felt a long squirt ooze out into his clothing feeling it puddling under his bottom. Desperately trying to regain control again it was utterly futile as Ellen took over pulling his aching penis out of his underwear just as his bladder demanded his full and uncompromising attention as urine arched strongly out of his penis towards the steering wheel and the dashboard, only missing them thanks to Ellen’s guiding hand. Feeling urine soaking through his socks and splashing at his feet Daniel begged his body to stop to no avail as he pissed and pissed and pissed like he hadn’t gone for days. 

In shock at just how much his body had been holding the realisation now sunk in at just how much damage he was doing to his beloved Audi when Daniel suddenly felt so ashamed, so upset and so concerned. His brain now able to finally think of something other than peeing he pushed open the drivers door to shovel out warm urine with his foot onto the already very wet road as the rain outside only proceeded to make his shoe and sock even wetter than before.

His heart pounding and his eyes tearful Daniel curiously felt something happening that he never ever expected. With Ellen still fondling his wet underwear he couldn’t help but feel instantly very horny, the warmth and wetness strangely adding to the hormones greatly. Now keen to get home for a very different reason he felt his manhood still swelling even as Ellen let go and helped pull his trousers back up so he could drive again. Highly motivated to encourage Ellen to stay a bit longer at his house rather than rushing home in her car like she clearly planned to Daniel remembered the meals from his mum as he quickly invited Ellen to stay for dinner.

Starting the car again and checking back in his blind spot, which was even more obscured than normal with the heavy rain, Daniel couldn’t believe it when he heard Ellen muttering under her breath that she was hungry for something else. Pulling out into the road he glanced briefly in Ellen’s direction noticing even in the dark car that her hand was down her skirt as she winked right at him. Determined to get back to his as quickly as humanly possible Daniel wriggled in the drivers seat yet again, this time not because of his bladder’s urgency but because he was rock hard and really really desperate to fuck the beautiful sexy lady sitting right beside him.

*243*2023-10-20 00:06

Arriving back at Daniel’s

With her hand still down her skirt against her underpants Ellen looked out the front windscreen at the torrential rain wondering how much longer it would be before they safety reached Daniel’s. Incredibly proud of how Daniel was handling driving in such poor visibility and on partially flooded road surfaces Ellen felt her feelings towards him deepening from her initial sexual attraction to something much much more the longer she spent with him. Her hair no longer dripping but still damp she felt warmer, safer and happier than she could ever recall feeling despite being stuck in a car in very heavy rain.

Finally pulling down the side of Daniel’s house Ellen smiled thinking of her own car safely parked in Daniel’s garage protected from the weather. She’d never had a garage herself and while a couple of her foster families had had one it wasn’t somewhere she’d ever really been in, none of them actually using it for its intended purpose of housing a vehicle. Expecting Daniel to unlock the garage and ask her to move her car she was surprised when he turned the engine off and turned to look at her smiling.

“You ready to run then?”

“What about your wet carpet?”

“I’ll sort that tomorrow. There’s more important things to do right now.”

“Ok. Do you want me to bring this bag in?”

“Oh I’d forgotten that was there. Yes please. Right…you ready?”

Ellen nodded hearing the rain bouncing off the roof of Daniel’s car loudly.

Unclipping her belt and grabbing the bag between her legs she pushed open the car door and bravely got out into the cold rain, pulling the hood of Daniel’s anorak over her head as she held it in place the full way to his back door. Arriving right behind Daniel she waited briefly while he unlocked the door then squeezed past him as he held his trousers up one handed and the door open with the other hand. Hearing him push the door closed behind her she sat the carrier bag on Daniel’s dining table and pushed the wet hood of the too small anorak back so she could see. Almost immediately Daniel seemed to take the coat off her, hanging it over the back of a nearby dining chair as Ellen laughed seeing his trousers fall to his ankles.

Still giggling as Daniel pulled his own coat off and stepped over his wet trousers to hang it in the cupboard Ellen couldn’t stop herself reaching for the trousers on the floor and picking them up. Surveying them in awe she looked up meeting Daniel’s gaze as she turned the trousers around to show her boyfriend.

“You sure soaked these good and proper didn’t you!”

Daniel flustered, his eyes looking down in embarrassment as he spoke softly and apologetically.

“I was really really desperate. You’re not embarrassed by me are you?”

Feeling Daniel’s words and body language tugging at her heart Ellen dropped the trousers instantly and threw her arms around Daniel in a bear hug embrace. Standing on her tiptoes to reach his lips she kissed them lightly before rubbing her thumb on Daniel’s cheek.

“Absolutely not. Anything but in fact. To tell you the truth it was one of the hottest sexiest things I’ve ever seen. The way you fought so strongly to hold it back, the way you let me touch you while you were ever so bursting, the fact I was holding your penis and feeling you go, your moans and squirms and…actually everything about it…”

Reaching down with her hand to fondle Daniel’s wet underwear Ellen continued talking.

“You drive me crazy Daniel Omari! Really really crazy with very naughty thoughts.”

Prevented from saying anything else by Daniel’s mouth over hers Ellen felt her whole body getting warmer and increasing excited as Daniel’s tongue explored her mouth wildly and eagerly and his hands rampantly fondled inside her top cupping and circling her breasts and bra excitedly. Like an animal pouncing on its prey, within seconds he had pulled her top over her head as his mouth kissed and gnawed erotically at her neck causing her to moan in desire. Sliding her elasticated skirt down in one swift movement Daniel wrapped her body in his arms as he kissed and licked her naked parts like he’d never eaten in his life.

With Daniel bent over exploring her body and kissing parts she couldn’t ever remember being kissed before Ellen somehow managed to pull Daniel suit jacket off and down his arms as he shook it off like it meant nothing to him as he returned to kissing her neck, reaching to undo her bra so he could access her vast breasts easier. Meanwhile Ellen fidgeted with the buttons on Daniel shirt until every one of them was finally unbuttoned as she yanked at the material, being careful not to rip it, until she edged it off his arms and onto the floor. Running her fingers down Daniel’s chest Ellen let her hands continue downwards until she could feel Daniel’s long firm penis through his peed in boxers. Running her hands up and down his length she heard Daniel take a breath in through his teeth as he turned to look at her with eyes wide and seeping in lust as his bottom lip shuddered a little.

“Please please tell me you need this as badly as I do?”

Kneeling down Ellen pulled Daniel’s erect penis out through the gap in his boxers as she opened her mouth and licked the length of it with her tongue sucking it as her hands steadied her body by gripping at Daniel’s thighs. Hearing Daniel whimper and moan Ellen pulled herself up then ran her fingers back down Daniel’s chest smiling up at him teasingly.

“Does that answer your question?”

Daniel nodded down at her, his eyes ablaze and his tongue hanging out like a dog on heat. Taking Daniel by the hand Ellen pulled him into the room next door, with its large bay window, wide open curtains and TV on the wall, as she pulled the last of her clothing off, her fuller knickers, then pulled Daniel on top of her as she fell back onto the couch where they’d sat watching a movie just the night before. Opening her legs in anticipation Daniel quickly leaned closer until his long thick manhood slid inside her easily as he rested his arms either side of Ellen’s neck as he pushed up and down as if doing press-ups, his penis rubbing against Ellen in multiple ways making her feel dizzy with sexual need.

Closing her eyes and thinking back to Daniel in the car fidgeting, squirming and squeezing his body in extreme desperation to urinate Ellen felt her orgasm building rapidly as she moaned loudly and shouted out, her whole being back in the car beside Daniel as he fought against the pressure in his bladder.

“Keep holding it in Daniel. You can do it!”

Daniel increased the pace of his humping and pushing as Ellen heard his breathing deepen and his pace intensify.

“I can’t keep holding this much longer. It’s coming out!”

Between Daniel’s words, his smell, the intensity of his body against hers, the power of her recollection from being in the car combined with her body screaming for more and more and more Ellen succumbed to the moment and allowed the hormones to reach their crescendo, the epitome of orgasmic release as Daniel hammered against her faster than he’d ever done before. No sooner reaching what she assumed was the absolute peak of her sexual excitement Ellen suddenly felt everything within her recharge and regroup as another even more powerful force shook her and pushed her body to a whole new dimension as she orgasmed for a second time just as Daniel erupted inside her.

Dazed, exhausted, but amassed in a glow of delight and contentment Ellen wrapped her large arms around Daniel’s sweaty body as she felt his pee soaked underwear against her hips. Holding his head against her neck Ellen allowed her breathing to steady and her body to calm as Daniel slowly lifted his weight off of her and pulled her up. Letting Daniel pull her in for a loving embrace Ellen felt her eyes watering as she longed to stay wrapped up in Daniel’s naked body for the rest of her life.

“You are so amazing Ellen. That was so beautiful and special.I think I’m starting to fall in love with you!”

Ellen held onto Daniel as his arms held her tightly, her head resting on Daniel’s chest hearing his heart beating and feeling his breath on her hair, his words echoing over and over in her mind. Tearfully, quietly, treasuring the intimacy of it all, Ellen took a second to be able to form words.

Anxious yet serene, emotional yet calm, unsure yet equally certain, Ellen opened her mouth as words came out softly and tenderly.

“I can’t stop thinking about you. I think I’m falling in love with you too.”

*244*2023-10-21 00:10

Daniel admits his feeling for Ellen

Driving with open trousers, wet underwear and a beautiful big woman beside him who had just admitted so was horny made Daniel rock hard and gagging. Fixing his eyes on the road he focussed solely on getting home so he could have his way with the woman who was fast stealing his heart. Splashing through puddles no longer worried about the car’s paintwork or alloy wheels Daniel ached to touch himself and rub off, having to seriously concentrate to keep his mind on the road ahead.

After what felt like forever he finally pulled into his street and turned down the side of his house remembering fondly that Ellen’s car was safely locked in his garage. Not even remotely interested in doing up his trousers he locked the car remotely and ran towards the back door with Ellen close behind him. Holding the door open with his back he felt Ellen’s body rub against his as she came inside, the feeling sending shivers down his back and making him yearn for her even more. Closing the door against the awful weather outside Daniel turned to see Ellen pull the hood of his old anorak off her head revealing her gorgeous thick hair which he longed to run his hands through. Instantly reaching to take the anorak off her he let go of his trousers as they fell immediately to his ankles. Ignoring that fact entirely he stepped over them without a second thought as he proceeded to remove his own coat and hang it up in its usual place.

Closing the cupboard door Daniel eyed Ellen up hungrily feeling his face warming in embarrassment as she held up his wet trousers to examine them. Hoping his earlier accident wouldn’t put Ellen off him he muttered quietly trying to justify his actions by explaining how desperate he’d been. Looking at the floor hesitantly the next thing Daniel felt was Ellen’s body wrapping his in a wonderful hug before she leaned up and kissed him fondly. Listening to how she’d found his desperation and eventually accident such a turn on Daniel could no longer contain himself any longer as he kissed Ellen deeply and passionately, exploring her body eagerly and hungrily as his penis throbbed in his still wet underwear.

Things naturally developed quickly as before he knew it a naked Ellen was dragging him into the living room as he shakily and breathlessly asked if she really wanted to go further. Begging her in his mind to say yes Daniel gulped when his goddess of a girlfriend pulled out his very hard long penis out of his underwear and licked and sucked at it with her mouth. Feeling like he might explode any second Daniel shook with excitement and need as Ellen pulled him on top of her onto the couch. Longing to be inside Ellen with every fibre of his being Daniel entered Ellen quickly and smoothly struggling to control his need enough not to cum within seconds. Sliding and rocking against Ellen’s vast and beautiful body Daniel gripped the sofa to hold his body weight as his heart thundered and his penis throbbed faster and faster.

Feeling and hearing Ellen climax much much quicker than he ever expected Daniel thrust a few more times edging closer and closer to eruption desperate to consummate the bond between him and Ellen before Ellen relaxed too much for him to get the friction he needed. Grunting with the exertion and desire Daniel’s body sensed something incredible happening as Ellen began thrusting and squeezing once more, the squelching of her mucus sounding like heaven in his ears. Realising quickly that she was actually experiencing a second orgasm he thrust harder and faster against her juicy wet vagina feeling his cum exploding hard inside her. Climaxing hard Daniel felt his arms giving in now as his upper body fell onto Ellen’s as she wrapped her arms around him lovingly and tenderly.

Hearing the fast rhythm of Ellen’s heart slowly but surely gradually slowing to a more natural beat Daniel marvelled in the wonder and awe of every little thing about Ellen Hemmingdale. How he’d dreamt of moments like this for so long but now it felt much much deeper than the lustful urges of their trip to Dundee earlier in the week. Yes he still very much adored Ellen’s large bountiful breasts and her curvaceous womanly body but lying on top of her now it was something so much more, something he’d never experienced before with anyone else.

Aware Ellen was taking his full body weight after a few minutes he pulled himself up and off the couch as he offered Ellen both his hands to help her up too. Pulling her harder to draw her into his arms he held her tightly never wanting to let her go. Finally easing his grip a little he looked down at the most gorgeous girl that ever existed in his mind as he felt his heart feel like it might explode with emotion and affection. Trying to find the words to describe what he was sensing happening his mouth seemed to speak exactly what his mind was thinking without a second thought of how this might affect Ellen.

Hearing his own voice admitting out loud that he was falling in love with Ellen Daniel suddenly felt vulnerable, terrified, but somehow excited too. He was 100% sure now that Ellen fancied him, and even liked him as a friend, but had he just blown everything by letting his emotions get the better of him after a moment of impulsive passion? Instantly feeling the need to hold Ellen again Daniel wrapped his arms around her needing her to know that whatever she felt right now was ok and he’d respect it regardless.

It was probably less than a minute in reality, though it felt like hours to Daniel, as he smelt Ellen’s hair and stroked it gently with his hand. Feeling his eyes tearing up he couldn’t stop the tears when finally he heard Ellen respond as her words touched his heart like nothing else ever had. Just hearing her say that she couldn’t stop thinking of him and that she thought she was falling in love with him too was way better than hearing he’d just won millions on the lottery. Tipping Ellen’s chin up to see that she too had a tear running down her cheek silently he wiped it away with his finger gently before cupping her face in his hands and kissing her.

Standing back upright again he held Ellen’s hands in his as he looked at her lovingly and compassionately.

“I don’t know about you darling but after all that I feel quite hungry and thirsty. Fancy some tea? I’ve no idea what my mum’s packed this week but her house smelt amazing and quite frankly I could eat anything right now.”

“That chicken dish we had last night was lovely. Not a lot for two mind you.”

“I guess my mum never expects me to have company. Maybe one day soon I’ll have to tell her to make more because I have this amazing and wonderful new woman in my life now. You choose whatever one you like though and I’ll choose another for me. That way we’ll actually get a good portion tonight.”

“Won’t that leave you with a night without a dinner this week?”

Daniel shrugged, for once not even slightly worried about the rest of the week.

“A take away won’t hurt me one night now will it? I won’t tell my mum if you won’t.”

Switching the oven on Daniel transferred two meals into ovenproof dishes and closed the oven door.

“20-30 minutes and we can finally get some dinner. So, my lovely lady, what would you like to do until then?”

Watching Ellen feeling her hair looking a little sheepish Daniel waited to hear what she wanted.

“Would you mind if I had a soak in a bath? I’m always worried about using the gas at mine and between working all day then getting soaked in the rain and then getting a bit…sticky. You don’t mind do you?”

“Of course I don’t. Make yourself at home. There’s plenty clean towels in the cupboard upstairs. I don’t use the bath much so I’m afraid I don’t have any of those bath bomb thingies or bubble bath or anything.”

“Don’t worry about that. I’ll just use my shower gel. Thank you Daniel. I’ll be down for dinner being ready. See you in a bit.”

Daniel smiled watching a naked Ellen pick up her knickers and bra and head upstairs to the main bathroom as he suddenly had an idea of exactly what he could do himself until dinner was ready now that Ellen would be busy upstairs.

*245*2023-10-21 23:40

A phone call during dinner

As Daniel cupped her face and kissed her any doubts Ellen had about what she’d just said seemed to instantly fade away. Maybe all would be ok and this was what Margot was talking about when she said to go for what she wanted? It sure felt right but didn’t everything in the heat of the moment?

Feeling like she needed a moment to be alone to process what had just been said to her and what she’d responded back Ellen was delighted when Daniel suggested having food, especially so when there was a wait while it cooked. Longing to try out Daniel’s jacuzzi bath which she’d seen the night before when brushing her teeth in the main bathroom this seemed like an ideal time to ask. Hoping it didn’t take too long to run she headed upstairs quickly looking forward to feeling the jets against her skin and having some alone time.

Stepping into the warm water Ellen sat down soaking her tired body into the blissful bath as she tentatively switched on the jets. It felt like such a perfect way to unwind after a busy and stressful day,though Ellen was very mindful of the fact she had promised Daniel she’d be downstairs in time for the food being served. Wishing she could lay carefree in the warm bubbly water for so much longer Ellen made the grown up decisions to finally pull the plug and get dried, slipping into her underwear wondering where her nightshirt had went. Heading downstairs to the smell of delicious food she walked into the kitchen just as Daniel was bending down in just a pair of clean pants to get the meals from the oven.

Suddenly feeling famished Ellen slipped quietly into one of the leather dining seats, all thoughts of where her night shirt was long forgotten. Hearing Daniel call her name as he transferred bath meals onto dinner plates Ellen quietly replied that she was right there, seeing Daniel’s eyes lit up and his whole face beam as he turned to see her sitting at the table. Sipping at her mug of warm tea that Daniel had made her ready Ellen looked at the food Daniel placed in front of her as her stomach groaned in anticipation.

As expected the food was so hot and filling and delicious as Daniel asked about her day at the charity shop and she in turn questioned her boyfriend about his rime at his mum’s. It felt so natural and easy, but then it all seemed to suddenly be interrupted when Ellen heard her mobile ringing in her bag. Searching urgently for her bag Ellen pulled out her phone to see it was Celine. Answering brightly whilst trying to disguise the fact she was in the middle of her dinner Ellen knew it had to be something rather important for her friend from the cruise ship to call her that late on a Saturday.

“So sorry for calling at this time of night Ellen. I would have left it to the morning but I’m off to chapel to see my niece make her first communion then I’m back at my sister’s to celebrate. Anyway the thing is Forrest Furnishings have emailed me again today. I know on a Saturday too! I had dropped my contact a wee note on Friday afternoon when Daniel mentioned the possibility of some of the clients moving as soon as this Tuesday. They have a storage warehouse in Stirling and a driver and van going north on Monday morning. I’m assuming they can get access to the tower on Monday morning to drop furniture in. I just wanted to check that with you before I confirmed everything. Oh and one other thing…they are asking if one of the team from here could be there when the furniture arrives so they can put them in the right flats. Is that possible too?”

Chewing her food quickly to reply Ellen quickly sipped at her tea to gain herself another few seconds before replying.

“Right. The getting into Tulloch Court shouldn’t be an issue I’d imagine, though it depends how soon on Monday morning they are meaning? Have they given a time? As for someone being there…mmmm….I’m already committed to travel with the first set on a minibus on Tuesday. I wonder if Arran might be available or…”

“Actually Ellen I’d love to go myself. I’ve been working with Forest Furnishings for ages now and I’d really like to see this through. I was thinking of just booking a travel inn or something and coming back with you on the Tuesday afternoon. That’s what I’m calling about really. Do you think that’ll be ok?”

“It sounds like you have it all sorted then. You know that channel 4 are following Dmitro and Tetyana so they’ll be cameras filing them going in on Tuesday and possibly some of the others too?”

“So I heard. I’m not doing this for the limelight Ellen. It’s just this project it’s like my baby so to speak and I just want to know that everything is where it’s supposed to be for them all seeing their new flats for the first time. It’s so exciting. So if everything sounds ok I’ll get the train over to Stirling early Monday morning and the lorry will pick me up from there. Oh just before I go it’s flat 1B that Tetyana and Dmitro have and Taras and the others are floors 7 and 8. That’s right?”

“Yip that’s right but I’ll drop you an email after I’ve finished my dinner with the exact flat numbers. Enjoy the first communion tomorrow. I hope the weather is much better than today has been!”

“God I hope so too. The forecast is for it to be dry at least. Sorry for calling during your dinner. Thanks for your help. Have a nice night.”

Finishing her food and drink Ellen updated Daniel on the conversation while he continued eating too.

“It’s all happening so quickly Ellen isn’t it? Only 10 days ago this was all still a dream to me and now look. I know I’ve said this before but thank you so much for coming to see the tower last Monday with me. It was a bit of an adventure but I’ll never forget that day for so many reasons. Mostly you though. I still can’t believe i’m actually with you you know. By the way I’ve got a little surprise for you….”

“What?”

Ellen watched as Daniel pulled something familiar out his pocket and held it in his hand.

“I thought this would help you. It’s not a lot but you shouldn’t ever have to worry about being able to have a hot bath Ellen or be sitting in the cold. I’m not sure how long this will last but I’ve put £100 on anyway. I hope that will do you for a bit anyway.”

“But…how?”

“I googled when you were in the bath. Turns out you can top it up online 24/7. All your details were on the card so I just logged in as a guest and topped you up. I’d far rather you stayed here but….well I thought since it’s your first real house and it means so much to you and we both still have our own lives and things…you will let me know it works won’t you?”

Ellen reached her hand out to take the gas card holding Daniel’s hand in both of hers. Tearful, grateful and shocked Ellen felt her emotions overwhelming her as tears streamed down her face.

“Thank you. I can’t believe you did that. I’ve never ever managed to top it up by that much, or the electricity for that matter. I should get dressed and head home now. Thank you for everything.”

“You don’t have to go right away do you? I didn’t do it to make you go home! Anything but! Plus the roads are so bad tonight. Please stay Ellen. We can go back to yours together first thing if you’d like? ”

As if on cue the rain lashed once again heavily at the kitchen window as Ellen knew Daniel was talking sense. Nodding through her tears Ellen wiped her face with the back of her hand sniffing. She was still getting used to the mere fact she had her own place let alone now having such a generous and caring boyfriend too. It was a lot to take in especially when she was tired and had so much going on at work right now.

*246*2023-10-22 23:07

Daniel sees Ellen home

Looking around the kitchen and living room Daniel quickly realised his laptop was still in his car as he ran out in the pouring rain to get it not even bothering to put his coat on. Setting it up on the dining table he unzipped Ellen’s shoulder bag and rummaged for her gas card. Finding it loose in the small bag he quickly zipped up the bag again feeling guilty and anxious about what he was doing. Reading the utility company on the card he googled ‘ways to top up prepayment gas meters’ as a long list of local places with the appropriate machines popped up.

Scrolling down to what he was certain was the company’s legitimate site he clicked on a help page with a 24 hour number listed. Wondering if he should maybe call it he scrolled further seeing a link to top up online. Clicking the link and pressing ‘top up as guest’ he followed the step by step instructions getting the details from Ellen’s card thankful that they didn’t ask for personal details like her address or date of birth. Finally reaching the payment part he entered £100 in the box and filled in his bank card details, sweating with nerves at the thought that Ellen might catch him. Thrilled to get the ‘thank you for your payment’ page Daniel quickly exited the site and turned his laptop off putting it safely away in the lounge.

Gathering the clothing on the living room floor he automatically put it all in the washer dryer then ran upstairs to put on a fresh pair of trousers and a clean t-shirt before coming back down to check on the food. Seeing the gas card still sitting on the dining table he slid it into his pocket before opening the oven, guessing from the smell that the food was now ready. Bending down to slide the oven tray out he called on Ellen hoping she could hear him as he started dishing up the food. Turning around to take the plates to the table his heart skipped a beat seeing Ellen sitting at the table in just her bra and knickers. Making a quick tea and coffee Daniel then sat down opposite Ellen, his eyes naturally veering towards her chest more than they should have.

They hadn’t even finished dinner when Ellen’s phone rang as Daniel happily watched her talking and eating and drinking sitting opposite her. Picking up one side of the conversation he gathered early on that it was work related praying silently that it wasn’t anything too urgent or complicated. Anxious and eager to surprise Ellen with what he’s done for her he was glad when the call ended and she proceeded to briefly update him on what had been so urgent on a Saturday evening.

Feeling blessed and incredibly happy to just be sitting with Ellen alone again Daniel finally found an opportunity to tell Ellen his surprise. Seeing her face at the news he felt a mixture of delight, thankfulness, but suddenly a real uneasiness as he realised for the very first time that it might look like he was hinting that he wanted Ellen to go back home, a fact he didn’t want in any way at all. Watching her crying he also wasn’t sure if he’d upset or offended her now or if she was just emotional. At least she nodded to agree to stay the night again, something he hoped he’d never take for granted.

Clearing away and washing up Daniel suggested to Ellen that she relax in the lounge while he cleaned up. Reminding her where the blanket was he set about wiping surfaces, washing up and mopping the floor before walking through the archway into the lounge finding Ellen dosing under the blanket on the couch with the ten o’clock news playing on the TV. Snuggling beside her he wrapped her in his arms letting her sleep as he watched the rest of the news followed by a half hour documentary on street gangs. With Ellen still sleeping he switched the TV off then stirred her enough to encourage her to head to bed.

Following her upstairs he watched respectfully as she took off her bra and knickers before hugging her and kissing her goodnight. Switching the bedroom light off he slipped into the en-suite to use the toilet and brush his teeth before joining her in bed, finding himself tired both physically and emotionally.

Waking up on Sunday morning before Ellen Daniel brought up some breakfast in bed for Ellen, sitting beside her contentedly sipping his own coffee as Ellen ate and drank. Settling into an easy rhythm of showering, dressing and brushing teeth Daniel let Ellen get the space she needed as he worked his routines around her. Struggling to find something to wear, with his usual suit trousers unwearable still from his accident the day before, Daniel was so grateful for Ellen’s help as she picked him out a smart pair of brown corduroy trousers and a cream shirt. Watching Ellen put on the last of the clothing she’d brought from home Daniel concluded in his mind that Ellen would look stunning even in a bin bag!

Back downstairs over a second cup of tea and coffee Daniel finally found the courage to ask what Ellen’s plans were for that day. Itching to clean his car and check how wet the carpet was still, but not wanting to appear to be chasing Ellen away, he was happy to hear that Ellen had things she needed to do too. Offering to at least make sure her gas card top up had worked and make sure Ellen knew the way back to hers he suggested they head to hers sooner rather than later. Ellen seemed happy at this as she set about gathering her things while he waited patiently for her coming back down.

Unlocking the garage so she could get her car out they were both glad to see the back of the rain from the day before as the sun peeked its way through the clouds above. Having Ellen follow him the few miles back to her own maisonette Daniel felt disgusted by the strong smell of urine in his car and the dampness still in the footwell. Seeing Ellen’s block in broad daylight didn’t make it any more appealing as Daniel began having serious doubts again about leaving Ellen in such a run down area. Negotiating up the filthy sticky stairs to Ellen’s front door Daniel stood back allowing Ellen to unlock her door and go in first.

The cold, damp, sparse living area felt even more depressing than ever as Daniel looked around quietly while Ellen went into a cupboard and did something with the gas meter. Seeing her smile as she closed the cupboard Daniel assumed the top up had worked as Ellen went to a thermometer on the wall and turned it up.

“It should warm up quite quickly hopefully. I’d offer you tea snd biscuits but I don’t have much in just now. The last week before payday is always the hardest. I always get there though. At least I only have a few days to go now. Almost the end of the month already. It’ll be October and Halloween before we know it.”

“And three weeks before then the cruise ship leaves. I’m not sure which is scarier right now.”

“Definitely that cruise leaving…well in my case anyway.”

Not sure what to say back Daniel simply nodded as he sensed it might be time to leave Ellen alone. He hated leaving her but he was just as anxious to check his car was still in one piece and get it cleaned up and dried as a matter of urgency.

“I’ll text you later. You know where I am if you need me. Bye for now.”

Giving Ellen one final hug he left to drive back home, his mind a whirl of work, his dirty car, his suit that needed dry cleaned yet again and Ellen alone in her house with nothing to eat and no money to buy anything.

*247*2023-10-23 23:21

Ellen at home on Sunday

Tired and emotional Ellen was more than happy to sit in Daniel’s lounge while he tidied and cleaned the kitchen. Switching on the TV for company and snuggling under Daniel’s blanket she felt warm and comfortable as her body sank into the cushions and the voice in the TV grew quieter and quieter. The next thing she felt was Daniel lifting her head suggesting she go upstairs to bed, which she was more than happy to do. Sliding naked into the huge bed with its thick duvet and fluffy pillows she rested her head and curled up drifting back to sleep quicker and easier than she expected.

Waking to Daniel already dressed and producing a tray of warm buttered toast and a hot mug of tea just how she liked it made her feel so special and wanted. Chatting about their plans for the day over tea and coffee Ellen felt happier than she could ever recall as she remembered Daniel’s words from the night before while he showered and she sorted her clothes out for the day ahead. Entering the en-suite as Daniel came out their naked bodies lightly touched as they passed as their eyes caught together just enough to send unspoken messages between them.

In the kitchen soon after over a second mug of tea it seemed right that she get ready to head back to her own place again, so Ellen finished her drink then quickly packed her belongings into a bag and returned to the kitchen. Grateful to be able to follow Daniel until the roads were familiar again Ellen sang along to the radio in her car as she relaxed now she was closer to home. Parking as close to her block as she could Ellen looked up at the old unloved building seeing it differently in the morning sunlight. What had only a few months ago seemed exciting and full of possibilities now felt cold, empty and unappealing. Not wanting to let Daniel know any of that though she opened the door confidently and headed up the communal stairs to her own front door.

Compared to Daniel’s house it suddenly felt empty, bare, and chilly as Ellen immediately put the gas card into the meter and watched as the credit changed from 0 to 100. Eager to test it more she turned the thermostat higher smiling when it clicked to come on.

Daniel seemed keen to go then as he hugged her and kissed her on the cheek before making a hasty retreat back to his car. Running to the kitchen window to watch him Ellen fixed her eyes on the smartly dressed coloured man heading to the expensive Audi hoping he was already missing her as much as she was missing him. Still watching his every move it wasn’t until the car was out of sight that Ellen turned her eyes back into her old worn out kitchen. Rereading the letter from her landlord that she’d left on the counter she sighed and put it back down as she pulled her purse out of her bag and emptied the contents out onto the counter beside the letter. Counting the coins Ellen held them all in her hands wondering how she’d manage with just £3.34 until her wages went into the bank a few days later.

Not really enjoying being alone she turned the heating back off and headed straight back out for a walk to the discount supermarket to see if she could at least get some milk for her tea and possibly something cheap or reduced for her dinner later too. The fresh air somehow boosting her mental well-being Ellen arrived at the shop more confident than she’s been when she left home. Picking up a basket she searched carefully, managing to pick up a packet of tomato pasta and sauce, a reduced loaf of bread, a pint of milk and a packet of own brand biscuits amazingly, not only having enough money but still having some change too.

Walking quicker back to her house because she was now needing to wee Ellen was over ten minutes away from the shop when she realised she’d left her house keys at the till when she’d paid for her shopping. Turning back she was annoyed and stressed hoping that her keys were still there. Thankfully they were as she apologised to the staff member who had to fetch them and rushed out the store embarrassed. Heading home again Ellen was regretting drinking so much tea at Daniel’s that morning as her bladder reminded her constantly that it wasn’t appreciating the time it was taking her to get home to the toilet.

Dancing at her front door desperately Ellen dumped the small bag of groceries down, kicked the front door closed and raced upstairs to her cold damp bathroom, only just making it to the toilet on time. Spending the rest of Saturday relaxing, watching TV, eating, sipping mugs of tea and cleaning her house Ellen went to bed missing Daniel more than ever. Sending him a text to ask if he’d managed to clean his car ok and saying goodnight Ellen jumped as she got a reply almost instantly. Smiling seeing his name on her phone Ellen couldn’t wait until the morning as she looked forward to seeing Daniel all day long at work, closing her eyes to picture his flawless brown skin, the curl of his dark hair and the gorgeous way his eyes lit up when he smiled.

Wondering what he might wear to work if his grey suit was still at the cleaners Ellen rolled to the side with her arms between her legs as she thought back to why Daniel’s grey trousers needed cleaned and why he’d had to clean his car. Becoming aroused easily Ellen slid a hand to her crotch as she rested her head on her pillow and let her mind drift to Daniel and all the memories they’d shared in the last 10 days.

*248*2023-10-25 00:01

Daniel’s Sunday

Parking his car in his garage Daniel immediately set about cleaning and looking after it. Leaving the driver’s door wide open to dry the footwell carpet out he opened the bonnet and did his usual weekly checks; topping up the screen cleaner, checking the brake fluid and oil levels and making sure every cable and bolt was tight and in order. Pulling out his vacuum he plugged it in and began hoovering the car thoroughly, even in places where no one had been. Cleaning the windows and wiping all the inside surfaces he adjusted the air freshener and cleaned the rear view mirror before reversing the car out of the garage and jet washing and polishing it until it was gleaming. Leaving the drivers door open again to air the carpet more Daniel returned to his kitchen for a large class of water to quench his thirst.

Looking out the window at his car he couldn’t stop thinking of Ellen as he smiled at the memory of their trip to Dundee less than a week before. Vividly recalling Ellen as she slid her wet leggings and knickers off after having wet herself in the foot court in the shopping centre, then pulling her top off to reveal her copious, beautiful breasts encased in such an enticing lace trimmed bra. Laughing to himself as he replayed in his mind how she wriggled and struggled to put on the dress she’d bought from a charity shop that day he could almost feel her soft warm skin as he thought about how he’d helped pull her dress down. Placing his empty glass in the sink he let his hand move easily to his crotch as he felt his erection growing in his trousers.

Returning outside to put the hose and jet wash away, return the hoover to where it went and squeeze out the clothes he’d used to polish and clean the car Daniel checked on the footwell carpet glad to feel that it was dry enough to lock up the car, though he decided to keep the window open just for a while longer. Feeling satisfied at what he’d achieved that morning he locked the garage back up and returned to the house more than ready for something to eat and drink.

Checking the fridge to see what he had in he shook his head and closed it again, wanting to save the meals his mum made for dinner. Not one for liking supermarkets of any sort he put his jacket on and headed straight out for the short walk to the nearby retail park already thinking of what he was going to order for his subway lunch. Amazed at how busy the retail park was on a Sunday lunch time in late September Daniel ducked through the shoppers joining the queue for the sandwich bar. Preoccupied thinking of what he planned to order his thoughts were interrupted when he felt a sharp tug in his body and automatically clenched his muscles. In all the busyness of sorting his car it had never crossed his mind to use the bathroom, a fact that was now coming back to haunt him!

With the tingling and nagging from his bladder refusing to go away it felt like the queue was taking forever as Daniel shifted around awkwardly hoping no one was watching him. Eventually placing his order he watched as his sub moved quicker down the line of staff than he was the opposite side of the counter as he nodded automatically to the staff member who asked if he wanted a drink with his meal. Finally reaching the till he paid by card before grabbing the cup and sandwich and walking home quickly. Sipping at the drink and feeling it adding to his full bladder instantly Daniel distracted his thoughts by once again thinking of Ellen and how she might react if she knew he was walking down a street bursting to pee with no bathroom in sight. Knowing that thought would very much turn her on he smiled to himself and sipped at his juice even more.

Feeling famished by the time he reached home Daniel unlocked his back door and went inside placing the remains of his drink on the dining table and unwrapping his sandwich to take a bite. The pressure from his bladder exponentially growing now he knew he was just seconds from a toilet Daniel grabbed at his crotch opting to have another bite of his sub first before pissing. Fondling himself in the privacy of his own home Daniel felt his arousal growing the stronger his need to piss got as he swallowed the mouthful of bread and filling and immediately took another bite again. Caught between hunger and his bursting bladder Daniel pinched and rubbed himself more as his stomach craved more and more to eat.

Trying to chew quickly whilst squirming a lot Daniel choked slightly on a bread crumb causing him to pick up his juice and down what was left in one go. As the ice cold liquid slid down his throat to his stomach Daniel immediately began to regret his choice, having to squeeze harder and stronger and rub his penis to prevent liquid oozing out.

Closing his eyes and imagining Ellen watching him Daniel undid his trousers and gripped his now erect penis in his hand. Rubbing himself both to hold off peeing and to build his excitement even more he teased his body and mind, all the time visualising Ellen’s eyes full and longing, her cheeks red with excitement and her lips open and moist. Desperately needing to piss he moaned and muttered to himself as he started to panic about losing control. Edging himself still he staggered towards the downstairs loo holding his trousers up with one hand as he tightly gripped his dick in the other.

Standing abreast in front of the toilet he edged a bit more, this time with his pants down too, as he continued thinking of Ellen, this time when they were locked in a meeting room on the cruise ship and they were both urgently needing to pee. Seeing in his mind how that situation unfolded and they ended up having sex on the floor of the room when Ellen burst all over the carpet Daniel rubbed harder and harder as the pressure from his bladder intensified constantly.

Loving how it felt that day hearing and feeling Ellen’s warm urine on his body Daniel wondered if Ellen might find the same thing as erotic as he did as he focussed his mind and pictured Ellen naked lying in front of him, her vast body and breasts staring out at him and her lovely voice begging him to let go all over her. Releasing the tight pinch he had on the tip of his trembling penis Daniel gasped as liquid immediately burst from his manhood as he aimed his spray all around the toilet pan as if soaking his naked girlfriend.

Relieved, but unbelievably horny, Daniel forced himself to get cleaned up and dressed again knowing he still had lots he wanted to do. Leaving the small bathroom he found his suit trousers and looked at them carefully. In his haste last night to tidy up he’d accidentally put them in the washer dryer with the other laundry but thankfully they appeared to be ok as he hoped they hadn’t shrunk or faded in the wash. Deciding he’d face that later he put his lunch rubbish in the bin and sat down in the living room. Tired, he switched on the TV scrolling until he found an old rerun of Top Gear. Settling down to watch for a bit his mind kept drifting to Ellen at every opportunity as he wondered if she had food for dinner that night and if her gas had stayed on. Wanting to text her he stopped himself simply because he wanted to give her space, though his phone was never away from his sight in the hope she might just contact him.

It wasn’t until after dinner when he was thinking of heading to bed that she eventually did, his heart missing a beat and his penis jerking just at the sound of the phone. Having been edging on and off for hours it took all Daniel’s self control to go to bed that night without ejaculating. He wanted to save himself knowing he’d get to be with Ellen all day the following day at work and thinking how good it would be to fuck her again very soon. There was nothing he enjoyed more right now than being with Ellen, seeing her desperate to pee and making love to her.

*249*2023-10-25 23:49

Ellen’s Monday morning at work

Heading to work early on Monday morning Ellen pulled into the half empty port car park and signed in feeling quite nostalgic and emotional thinking that her time there would soon be over. Joining Mykhaila and Diana for breakfast she sensed their tangible apprehension about their impending move with Diana rightly concerned about her ongoing medical treatment. Promising to chase things up with Victoria Fielding, the NHS support nurse whose role was to help the transition of refugees with medical care, Ellen then listened as Mykhaila talked about her school friends and how she didn’t want to leave them.

No sooner having taken her tray of dishes to the relevant area for the kitchen staff to collect Ellen was interrupted by someone calling her. Turning to see a very enthusiastic and excited Celine she held her hands out to embrace her as she remembered that she was heading to Dundee for the day to see the tower block for the first time and oversee the delivery of donations of furniture. Walking together to Ellen’s work area Celine chatted eagerly and constantly while Ellen looked up the flat numbers on her spreadsheet sending them as a text to her colleague so she had a note of them. Begging her friend to send photos of the furniture so she could show all those moving tomorrow she waved her friend off happily wishing her a safe journey.

Logging into her emails Ellen sat down at her desk working through a huge to-do list trying to get all the last minute arrangements in place for the first batch of refugees to move the following day. Waving goodbye to some of the children as they left for school Ellen made herself another mug of tea as she started on her list of phone calls, smiling and blushing while talking on the phone as she saw Daniel arriving in his smart grey suit with his hair neatly combed and his demeanour bright and cheery.

Waving to acknowledge having seen him her heart started beating faster as he approached her desk looking radiant, handsome and very sexy. Yearning to kiss him she looked away trying to focus on her phone call as her body warmed up and her mind seemed to suddenly remove all other thoughts other than how badly she wanted the man in front of her. Catching his familiar smell as he bent down closer to her, within touching distance yet still a professional space between them, he smiled and winked leaving her feeling breathless and wanting.

Ending the call she looked up to see her boyfriend now unpacking his laptop and setting up to work at the desk right beside her. Aware she was staring but unable to draw her eyes away she continued watching Daniel’s every move as he walked over to the hot drinks, made himself a mug of coffee and returned to his desk. Oblivious to the fact someone was now standing at her desk Ellen jumped hearing a familiar voice speaking quietly beside her.

“You could do a lot worse than Daniel. They do say it’s the quiet ones you need to watch though isn’t it?”

Blushing Ellen turned to see Aran from the Scottish Refugee Council as she smiled awkwardly. Laughing to hide her embarrassment she joked about needing Celine there to keep her in check before catching up with her colleague and discussing work related matters. As soon as he left Ellen immediately called Victoria just as she’d promised Diana and Mykhaila. Having a more somber and frank conversation with the nurse she felt more reassured of a hospital transfer for Diana as well as several other medical issues pertaining to different refugees. Mentioning the two pregnant ladies they both began getting excited thinking of the babies arriving to both families being in their own homes rather than on a cruise ship. Promising to pop in and see Diana and explain the process to her of receiving her treatment in Dundee instead of Glasgow Ellen said goodbye to Victoria knowing she might even see the nurse later that day.

With her tea now cold Ellen walked over to make a fresh one feeling Daniel’s eyes on her as she did so. Walking back to her station her eyes met Daniel’s briefly as the obvious attraction between them went unsaid. Longing to be touched, held, kissed by the handsome man looking at her with his flawless brown skin and gorgeous eyes Ellen felt her hormones racing like a run away train as she sat down behind her laptop to refocus on the piles of new emails and growing list of tasks needing done. Finishing her tea Ellen placed the empty mug down as she saw a familiar face walk past. Concerned about seeing the young lady still on the ship Ellen left her desk quickly to catch up with Nadia wondering why she wasn’t in school.

Thankfully Nadia put Ellen’s mind at peace as she explained how her mum had decided to keep her home since they were moving the next day so she could help pack and translate as necessary. Reassuring the teenager that she was coming with them tomorrow she shared how Celine was in Dundee all day sorting furniture showing the girl a couple of photos Celine had already text her. Moving on to talk about schools Ellen swallowed hard hearing how anxious Nadia was about moving in her exam year especially given how she’d only just moved back onto the ship days before.

“Moving is so hard Ellen. It’s like starting all over again and I’m not sure mum and me can keep doing this. We miss Ukraine so badly.”

Recalling how she’s helped the small family just last week escape from their awful landlord who was constantly turning up unannounced to do ‘essential repairs’ only to walk in on them in the bedroom and in the shower until finally Nadia’s mum caught him feeling her daughter’s bottom as he walked past her, Ellen felt her eyes watering. She knew only too well how difficult moving all the time was, even when it was for the right reasons. Feeling like she needed to do something to support the girl she googled the high school for the postcode of the tower block and showed Nadia some pictures of Morgan Academy. Explaining that she’d see the school before starting and that the curriculum would be the same she left the young woman with details of the school as she returned to her mum again to help pack.

Smelling the food from the canteen area and missing seeing Daniel so much Ellen returned to her desk to see Daniel working away quietly. Checking no one was around she stepped closer to his desk and leaned down to speak to him.

“Fancy some lunch? I’m hungry.”

Seeing Daniel’s eyes looking down at her breasts through her top as she leaned forwards their eyes met as Daniel winked provocatively and whispered.

“It’s not just lunch I fancy! But if it means getting to see you more and actually talk to you today then I’m definitely hungry too.”

Looking around to check the coast was clear he then added on,

“You look beautiful today Ellen. Absolutely beautiful.”

Blushing Ellen turned to walk towards the canteen hearing and seeing others all around her but in a world of her own dreaming of Daniel and processing what he’d just said to her. Trying to keep their relationship secret was getting harder by the moment , especially as all she wanted to do that second was wrap her arms around the man she loved and kiss him passionately.

*250*2023-10-28 00:46

Monday morning for Daniel

Daniel woke horny and hungry on Monday morning as he attempted to calm his morning hard on in a lovely warm shower. Ironing a fresh shirt while eating hot porridge he couldn’t wait to get to work and see Ellen again. Pleased to see his footwell was now dry and clean in his car again he was about to leave for work when his mobile rang. Taking the call he kept the conversation functional and professional, hanging up at the first opportunity to prevent from being late for work.

Thrilled to see Ellen’s car in the car park he parked as close as he could to hers getting more and more excited to see his girlfriend again. Passing children in school uniforms and adults heading to study and work Daniel made his way up the gantry smiling at thoughts of Ellen and wishing he could run up to her and hug her. Signing in and passing through security he made a beeline for Ellen’s usual work station hearing her voice and noticing her sitting looking stunning as she conversed with someone on her mobile. Approaching her he felt so drawn to her body and face as he bent down inches from her face to whisper ‘Good morning’. Catching Ellen’s eyes he knew from the way her face warmed and sparkled that she was every bit as delighted to see him, even if she did turn away quickly to continue her phone conversation.

Happy to see that the desk beside her was free he opened his laptop up and set about beginning work for the day, his mind and eyes never far away from Ellen Hemmingdale. Deciding a coffee might help keep him alert he walked over to the hot drinks station feeling Ellen’s eyes on the back of his body. Returning to his desk Daniel felt a strange jealousy that Ellen was now chatting away to Aran Docherty from the Refugee Council as he tried distracting himself with the heavy workload he had to get through. Struggling to concentrate with constantly hearing Ellen’s voice and being so close to her it felt like it was taking him twice as long as normal to get anything done. Distracted and struggling to focus Daniel found his mind racing ahead to naughty things easily, even more so as he watched avidly as Ellen made herself a mug of tea.

Having said nothing more than good morning so far that day Daniel reread an email wondering if it was relevant enough to justify sharing the contents with Ellen just so they could talk. Looking up to see Ellen hoping he might even catch her drinking her tea he was shocked to find her desk empty. Scanning all around the public area he made out her bright top close to the entrance to the canteen as he watched her chatting to a young blond girl who appeared down and anxious. With his coffee now finished and his stomach sending signals that it wanted fed Daniel attempted to reply to another important email as his eyes refused to leave Ellen alone for fear she might somehow disappear.

Thankfully she didn’t as he sensed her approaching the desk again as his penis began stirring with excitement before she even spoke. Just like he’d leaned down on her desk a few hours previously Ellen now leant over Daniel’s desk, his eyes bulging seeing her top ride down and her curvaceous breasts falling right in his eye line. His tongue practically hanging out with craving for her Daniel locked his eyes on Ellen’s sensing a thick sexual desire between them as she casually invited him to lunch. Breathless, highly aroused and utterly infatuated by the girl in front of him Daniel couldn’t help but compliment her as he eagerly agreed to lunch, longing to be alone with Ellen at last. Closing his laptop without bothering to even close anything down he stood up and followed Ellen like a little puppy, dodging furniture and people like they were just minor inconveniences.

Catching up to her he joining the line behind her forgetting to even pick up a tray! Turning back for one he sprinted to get back behind Ellen as she slid her tray casually along the line and placed food on it quietly. Picking out a plate with a baked potato and cheese Daniel stretched to reach a bottle of water catching Ellen’s arm as he did so. Seeing her turn and smile at him he apologised quietly not actually feeling sorry for touching her at all. Following Ellen to what was now becoming their own secret area he sat down opposite her before having to go back for cutlery, his mind obviously not on what he was doing at all. Returning to sit down Ellen laughed quietly before asking if he had something on his mind.

Locking his eyes on Ellen’s Daniel mouthed just one word knowing Ellen would hear even without any sound omitted.

“You.”

Ellen blushed and smiled as Daniel wondered if perhaps she was feeling as turned on as he was just being so close to each other. If she was she wasn’t openly admitting it as she cut her food and began eating while Daniel meanwhile slid his leather shoe off his left foot and stretched it out to rub against Ellen’s leg. Feeling her respond by moving her leg closer to his Daniel knew he’d not be able to leave the table any time soon as he felt the crotch of his suit trousers tighten.

Still having barely spoken Daniel broke the ice by asking how Ellen’s morning had been. Listening as she shared about the numerous people she’d dealt with from Mykhaila and her mum at breakfast, to Victoria the NHS nurse, to Aran, and finally to young Nadia, Daniel sensed Ellen was getting a little emotional as she spoke about how hard the move would be and how imminent it was, not just for those leaving the next day but for everyone else too. Ending by reaching for her phone Ellen held it out to Daniel to let him see photos Celine had texted her as Daniel slid his empty lunch plate to one side and looked down to see the pictures. Quickly checking to make sure no one was watching he let his hand rest over Ellen’s wrist as he scrolled through the pics amazed at how different the flats looked with beds and flooring and couches.

Lifting his hand off Ellen’s arm Daniel let her take her phone back as he bent his head down nearer to Ellen’s and whispered a second time to her how beautiful she was. Following that up with a simple, ‘how was your Sunday?’ Daniel avidly listened as Ellen rambled on about all she did the day before, his body almost exploding as she laughed and talked about leaving her purse at the shop checkout and having to go back for it when she really hadn’t wanted to as she was needing a wee badly. Just imagining Ellen in that scenario drove Daniel crazy with lust as he reached over the table with both hands to take Ellen’s hands in his.

“You know exactly what stories like that do to me don’t you?”

Ellen nodded, her cheeks red and her eyes shining. Overcome with emotion, attraction and passion Daniel momentarily forgot where he was as he could no longer control his movements and self control as he leant closer to Ellen’s face, as she in turn learned in closer to him, as their lips brushed together then locked tightly in an enticing and enduring kiss. His head spinning with lust and longing it was Ellen who pulled back first as Daniel feared he’d overstepped the mark as he dutifully sat up straight and looked at Ellen to try and decipher how she was feeling. With her head dropped and her eyes nervously on the table Daniel waited for her to speak or move, anxious about what was going to happen.

It took almost a minute before Ellen said anything, her voice quiet and full of emotion.

“This is hard isn’t it. I think people are starting to guess now anyway. Have you told anyone?”

“Told them what?”

“You know…about us?”

Ellen looked up as Daniel couldn’t stop himself extending his arm so he could hold Ellen’s hand again on the table.

“No I haven’t. Have you?”

“No. But I think Mykhaila has sort of worked it out, and Aran commented this morning. We’re not good at hiding it well are we? You know I didn’t want what was going on between us to become a distraction to the project. I wanted everyone talking about and focussing on the big move. And I think they are. Even more so with some of them starting to go even earlier than we planned. I don’t want any big announcements or anything, but as long as we are wise, professional, and respectful I don’t think there’s any harm in us say holding hands when appropriate or a kiss good morning. God how I wanted you to kiss me when you first came in this morning. So so much.”

“It was so hard not too.”

“I’m away all day to Dundee tomorrow anyway then we’ll see how things go. But we need to focus on work Daniel. I can’t let these people down.”

Daniel nodded, feeling like a boulder had just been lifted from his shoulder. Clasping Ellen’s hand tightly he stretched his leg out to touch hers again just as Ellen’s mobile rang. Hearing Celine’s familiar voice on the other end he finished his bottle of water while he listened to Ellen so astutely deal with her colleague who sounded like she was in a panic about items not having arrived at the tower block. Shocked to hear Ellen say his name to her colleague he looked up as Ellen chatted to her friend in Dundee.

“Actually Daniel is right beside me right now. Hold on and I’ll ask him. Daniel, any idea who was supposed to be organising the starter packs? Ellen is saying there no pots and pans or cutlery or plates or anything in the kitchen’s?”

“I’m sure Keith said he’d organise it there. Has the food bank delivered?”

“Daniel’s saying Keith was arranging the starter packs. He’s asking if the food bank have delivered too?”

Daniel listened and watched as Ellen shook her head in frustration. Determined, and annoyed at Keith, Daniel stood up to head back to his desk and chase things up. On the ship he could see what everyone was doing and sort any issues out quickly in person but having to rely on someone miles away who he hardly knew to organise vital and essential things was so much more stressful and exhausting. Debating wether he ought to travel to Dundee the next day too to see for himself how things were going he picked up his mobile and dialled Keith Bryan, serious and resolute about ensuring every single refugee had everything they needed and deserved in place in time.

He was the one who had persuaded everyone this was the best option. He owed it to himself, his boss, and most of all Ellen to show he could do this and that it was the right thing for the refugees. Whatever it took to get things sorted he would do. Somehow they were no longer names on a piece of paper but real people, real families just like Ellen had been telling him all along. He understood that now. He understood Ellen’s passion in ways he never had before.

*251*2023-10-29 00:40

Things don’t go to plan

Ellen felt the intimacy and attraction between herself and Daniel intensify as they sat opposite each other to eat. Sensing the tickle of his toes through her leggings and the closeness of his hand on hers Ellen couldn’t help but long for more of Daniel’s body as they stared at each other hungrily. Conversing easily in their private bubble of endearment and mutual affection she knew that while Daniel might be thinking of her body he was also seriously listening to her too, something she had rarely felt others do. It wasn’t that Daniel was just hearing what she said either he was actually feeling her worlds too, truly understanding, properly connecting and communicating, unlike any other person had ever done, especially so when she told him about her experience at Lidl and leaving her keys at the till.

Watching as his pupils enlarged and his forehead furrowed Ellen knew that Daniel was hanging on her every word, knowing without looking or feeling that he was getting harder and harder under the table. When she paused and he asked if she knew what hearing her recollection was doing to him she felt her face burn and her vagina swell. The idea that just a short story from an everyday experience was enough to tip their relationship over amazed Ellen but enthralled her in equal measure. Already knowing that they were reaching a pinnacle, a crescendo from a long morning of sexual build up, she leant forward to get ever closer to Daniel, who himself was drawing towards her like a magnet, as their lips met and united them as one for much longer than either of them expected.

They couldn’t continue on as they were. Ellen knew that more than anyone. Their public denial was fooling no-one and only driving them both crazy. What she had anticipated would cause distraction to others was now becoming overwhelmingly distracting to them instead, taking their minds and focus off of work at a time when neither of them could risk that happening. Hoping Daniel would understand Ellen took a deep breathe and confessed her inward thoughts about how she now though a few people suspected something and how she felt it might now be easier if they no longer hid the fact they were together whist also not publicly announcing anything so it wasn’t too big a deal.

Ever grateful about the fact she had a day away to Dundee the following day to give her breathing space Ellen paused to finish her drink and hear Daniel’s thoughts. He was just about to say something having squeezed her hand affectionately and resuming his wonderful leg rubbing when they were interrupted suddenly by the sound of her phone ringing. Seeing Celine’s name on the screen Ellen answered right away sensing quickly that this wasn’t a girly catch up chat but more urgent work business.

Sighing on hearing the unwelcome news that neither the food nor essential home items had arrived Ellen was glad of Daniel’s presence as he confirmed her thoughts that these item were both the responsibility of Dundee city council and had been agreed at the last meeting by Keith. As Daniel slipped his shoe back on and let go of her hand Ellen saw his demeanour change quickly as he stood up hastily and marched back to his workspace leaving his lunch dishes behind on the table. Still talking to Celine Ellen combined the empty plates and cutlery and bottles onto one tray then single handedly slid the second tray underneath as she adeptly calmed her friend and colleague, assuring her that she’d chase things up as a matter of urgency. Ending the call Ellen took the tray to the relevant area and then walked briskly to her desk hearing Daniel talking firmly on his phone and hoping he was ok.

Turning her laptop back on Ellen brought up the spreadsheets and scanned down them for the name of both the food back Keith mentioned and the starter pack charity. Assuming Daniel was on the phone to Dundee city council Ellen dialled up the food bank followed by Starter Packs Dundee hearing from both that the only correspondence they had received from the council was an initial query regarding general availability and nothing more specific. Putting on her most pleading professional voice Ellen updated both charities on the situation begging them to help despite the tight timeframes. Relieved that both agreed they could provide up to ten flats worth of essential basic household goods and food for a few days Ellen arranged for delivery to the tower blocks adding that within a few weeks they would be needing much more again.

Waiting until Daniel came off the phone Ellen asked him right away how he’d got on as she knew from his flustered mannerisms and frustrated face that he hadn’t been as successful as she had.

“So it seems our Keith is more mouth than action apparently. According to his secretary he’s booked for a number of media appearances tonight and much of the day tomorrow and is currently, would you believe, filming for the local news at the tower block even while Celine is waiting on deliveries he promised to arrange. When I mentioned that one of our colleagues was at the tower block right now and would love to speak to Keith she went silent on me and said he was unavailable right now and to try emailing him! I’m tempted to call Celine’s and get her to search that whole tower block to confront him. I knew we should never have trusted him Ellen. I should just drive there right now!”

Pressing her palms on Daniel’s chest to prevent him leaving Ellen spoke firmly but calmly.

“There’s no need to do that Daniel. I’m just off the phone right now to the organisations Keith was supposed to contact. It turns out he never arranged anything with them but they were both lovely and both Dundee and Angus Food bank and Starter Packs Dundee will drop off the items by the end of today. They thankfully have enough resources to cater for ten flats right now but both of them hinted that to be able to provide for the rest of the flats they would need financial support. I know that should be the responsibility of Dundee but…”

“So Keith hasn’t even paid them? They’ve been given millions Ellen, seriously millions of pounds, from the Scottish government to sort all this. We were only able to secure the relocation funding on the assurance that that was the final funding we’d get and from then on Dundee would get any cash. Where’s the point transporting bus loads of refugees across the country when the receiving local authority isn’t actually wanting them or set up for them?

It’s one thing to organise a contractor to fit out the flats but people need more than a roof over their heads. Have they even organised translators or benefit advisors or support workers or anything else necessary for them? If I arrange money to be transferred direct to the charities have they promised they can genuinely provide the resources we need?”

“I told them both the dates. They said they both could if they get the money in the next few days. Can you claim it back from Dundee later? I’m going to call Celine back and see if she can stay there until they both deliver. I only hope she can as she was planning to get the train back to Stirling to get her car this afternoon. She’s been there hours already.”

“Right. Probably best she doesn’t know that Keith is filming in the building though. She’d probably throw an armchair at him or something.”

Despite the stress and anxiety Ellen couldn’t help but chuckle at the image of her friend throwing an armchair at anyone let alone Keith. Turning back towards her desk she spoke to Daniel again as she pressed her mobile to call Celine.

“I’m not sure she could pick up an armchair but given the situation she might try you know. He certainly deserves it…”

“Oh hi Celine. Right I’ve made some calls and there was a bit of a mix up apparently. So Dundee and Angus foodbank are making some bags up as we speak and will get them delivered this afternoon. Starter packs Dundee have packs ready too but they are waiting on their volunteer driver getting back before they will get the stuff to you too. What train were you planning to get back?”

“I was hoping to get the 15:45. There’s only really one an hour and I’ve still to drive back from Stirling. I’d have liked the even earlier one but there’s no way that’s possible now. The beds and wardrobes and sofas and stuff are all in now and the flats look lovely but they need cutlery and plates and bedding and things.”

“How are you getting to the station?”

“I googled it but it’s a bit much to walk really so I was just going to call a cab. Not sure how long I’d wait for one but google says it’s just a six minute journey. I’d probably be safer calling a cab just after 3.”

Ellen glanced at her watch nervously.

“Are you ok to stay for a couple of hours?”

“I’ll just nip into the centre for a sandwich or something but I’ll only be ten minutes. I’ll wait in the foyer downstairs for them. I’ll let you know when they come.”

“Thanks Celine. I owe you a lot. Do you think they’ll be enough furniture for all the flats by the way?”

“Not them all no but I have other contacts and I am sure I’ll get what they all need. I’d better go get some food. I’m famished! Talk soon!”

Turning back to Daniel who was frowning at something on his laptop Ellen updated him on the call before going to get them both a hot drink. With the extra pressure they definitely needed it right now, even if just to steady their nerves.

*252*2023-10-30 01:18

One problem after another

Hearing the phone ringing and ringing with no answer Daniel was expecting a recorded message to come on the line any minute when suddenly a female voice answered quite abruptly. Introducing herself as Keith Bryan’s secretary Daniel sat up straight determined to get some answers.

Being firm and clear Daniel cut to the point, quickly asking to speak directly to Keith himself stressing more than once how urgent it was and who he was. It didn’t seem to make any difference as the woman simply began listing how many engagements her boss had and how busy he was. Listening, but continuing to insist on speaking with Keith directly, Daniel could feel his frustration building as the secretary repeated herself numerous times, eventually divulging things he was pretty sure she shouldn’t have like the fact her boss was being filmed at the tower blocks for the news hence why he couldn’t be contacted and asking if Daniel had seen him in the press . Clearly blinded by the fact Keith was employing her Daniel sighed to himself as he looked over to see Ellen busy on her phone nearby with her laptop open.

Keeping the secretary talking on the pretence that Daniel was highly interested in Keith’s press appearances Daniel opened up the search engine on his laptop and googled Keith’s name. Pressing on news he scanned down seeing many recent articles and reports all hailing how much he was doing for these ‘poor refugees’ and how wonderful it was that Dundee was taking them when ‘clearly Glasgow couldn’t cope.” Feeling anger burning inside him Daniel finally cut the secretary off saying he had to go and asking her to pass on that he’d called.

Annoyed, irritated and vexed at what he’s just heard and read Daniel stood up wanting to get to Dundee urgently to sort things out. With Ellen now finally off the phone he quickly updated her on the new information he’d found out, rage bubbling hotly in his chest as he took a step towards Ellen planning to get in his car and drive to the tower to confront Keith in person. Not wanting to push past Ellen he looked for another way when Ellen put both her hands on his chest preventing him going anywhere! Listening to what she was saying whilst still yearning to get to Dundee Daniel felt so grateful to Ellen for her quick thinking to contact the organisations Keith had supposedly made arrangements with directly. Processing what Ellen was now saying he felt his heart beat calming and his adrenaline lowering as the urgency of things began to abate.

Checking he’d heard Ellen correctly he clarified that all ten flats would have some basic food and household goods in time for the first arrivals the following day as his mind swirled with how on earth he could make sure the other 50 or so flats also received the necessary things before the rest of the refugees moved in too. Ellen appeared to be one step ahead, yet again, as he voiced his concerns and listened when she said she’d already asked both charities the same question. Beginning to think things weren’t nearly as bad as he’d first feared Daniel looked at Ellen in astonishment as he queried sending money to both charities to cover their costs.

Outraged at this he tried to reign in his rage remembering that Ellen wasn’t the person he was furious at in any way. Briskly explaining how Dundee city council had millions allocated for exactly those things Daniel blurted out louder than he meant to all that Keith had been getting up to since they last met him. Seeing his own feelings about this reflected exactly back in Ellen’s look of incongruity and disbelief Daniel placed a hand on her shoulder as he quietened and softened his tone.

“I think we need to go back through the minutes of all the meetings and now double and triple check every matter that both Keith and everyone else agreed to do. We can’t afford not to really.”

Seeing Ellen nod her head in agreement Daniel sat back down determined and fully focussed as he scrolled through emails for attachments of the minutes of meetings. Opening the most recent one from earlier that week he skimmed through to the relevant points. Looking up to speak to Ellen he noticed her walking towards him with a mug of coffee in her hand.

“I thought this might calm you down and help you focus.”

Smiling he took the mug, immediately taking a sip and realising how lovely it tasted.

“Thank you. I’m just reading the minutes from 25th. This is going to take hours, if not days Ellen. As well as the renovation work, which at least we have seen ourselves and Celine has seen today too, there’s the food and starter kits, which you’ve obviously just chased up, welfare and benefit support, educational links, medical transfers, community settling in support, translators, citizenship classes and legal support! How many, if any, of those he’s done is anyone’s guess. And this is just this one meeting!”

“He was going to update us on the caretakers position too wasn’t he? I wonder if he’s even advertised that vacancy yet?”

“That should be easy enough to find out.”

Taking another sip of his coffee before putting the mug down on his desk Daniel returned to google typing in ‘Dundee city council job vacancies’, with Ellen now standing beside him looking at the screen whilst sipping tea.

“This looks like it. It only went live yesterday too! Deadline for applications: end of November! What! What with interviews and shortlists and training and vetting you’d be lucky to get someone starting by Spring! He’s known about this for months Ellen! Even before I knew! This is ridiculous!”

“Scroll down to the job description a minute Daniel. I’m curious what he’s put for that.”

Daniel scrolled down reading the description silently as Ellen peered closer to the screen to read it through too. Gasping in almost harmony Daniel felt his anger rising yet again with every bullet point he read. Remaining quiet to allow Ellen to read too he scrolled the page down feeling more irritated the more he read. Letting Ellen read more he waited for her response before giving his thoughts.

“Decent wage but how the blazes has he got away with that?”

“That man is an absolute joke. It’s like he’s cut as pasted all his responsibilities into that job description, except all those things need to be in place now, not next year! Oh and by the way that salary won’t include rent. Did you read the bit about the flat coming with the job? It bloody well should given what he’s expecting a candidate to do for that money.”

“He’s pretty much outlined everything I’ve been doing here for a whole year for a fraction of that wage though.”

Taking another sip of coffee Daniel skimmed through the description again, this time thinking of his wonderful girlfriend and the work she did day in and day out faithfully. Aware Ellen had now pulled a chair up to sit beside him as she sat crossed legged sipping her tea Daniel turned to look at her in admiration and agreement.

“That’s because you are bloody amazing Ellen. Anyone who can do all that and make it seem easy is incredible, inspirational and irreplaceable. I can’t get my head around Shelter letting you go. You should be getting promoted and getting a wage rise for all you do not losing your job. Never in all my life have I met anyone as dedicated, committed and passionate as you.”

“Remind me to ask you for a reference soon.”

“I’m not sure you’re allowed to do that for someone you are in a relationship with.”

Nudging his arm playfully Ellen giggled as Daniel smiled and winked at her.

“Then maybe we’ll need to stop seeing each other so I can get a decent reference!”

Placing his hand on Ellen’s knee Daniel met Ellen’s eyes smiling.

“I’m afraid I could never agree to that. I like you way too much to stop seeing you.”

Giggling awkwardly Daniel’s heart jumped as Ellen replied as he watched her use her arm to pull her crossed legs closer to her body. Quietly, shyly, Daniel couldn’t believe what he was hearing as his body immediately responded in its all too familiar way.

“Well unfortunately I’m afraid you’ll have to stop seeing me, at least in the literal sense, just for a few minutes anyway, because I really need to go to the loo.”

Daniel opened his mouth to say something but before he could Aran appeared right in front of them preventing Ellen getting out as he looked at his phone and then Ellen.

“Glad I’ve found you Ellen. Have you heard from Yeva at all today?”

“No I haven’t. Should I have?”

“She went with Mrs Kravchenco to a hospital check up today. Apparently they weren’t happy about her levels and they’ve admitted her again. Yeva called me looking for you. Apparently your phone’s been engaged for ages. Myroslava is working early today and had apparently arranged for Diana to collect the girls from school. Yeva was wondering if you could get them and bring them back? Myroslava should be back here for 4:30 Diana says. Obviously no one wants to contact social services until we know how long Diana will be in for.”

“I can’t believe that. I only saw Diana at breakfast this morning too. She looked tired but better than she’d been. She was anxious about the move so I called Victoria Fielding and she promised me she’d pop in and talk to her to reassure her. Mykhaila will be so upset at this news. Don’t go calling social work whatever you do. I’ll collect the girls and we’ll see how things are in a few days time. I’ll call Yeva just now. Thanks Aran.”

“Thanks Ellen. That family will miss you sorely when they move.”

“Not as much as I’ll miss them.”

Taking in this latest development Daniel watched as Aran left and Ellen called Yeva, Ellen’s legs still tightly crossed and her knee shaking. Glancing at his watch it didn’t seem like Ellen would get much time to talk before she’d have to leave for the school. It was already 2:40 now and he assumed school finished at 3. Unsure how close it was he leaned his arm in front of Ellen and tapped on his watch to show her the time. If she planned on going to the ladies first she’d need to be super quick.

