Stuck in a Bunker

Author: My_Next_Mistak

*000*2020-11-25 04:32

The light flicked on as the door was slammed shut. A lock clicked and Maxon leaned against the door. My heart was pounding and adrenaline coursed through my veins. After a minute or so Maxon let out a long sigh before taking the two and a half steps to the back wall and sitting on the bench.

"Come sit America." He patted the bench beside him.

I hesitantly came and sat on the hard board. Maxon wrapped his arm around me and we were silent. I looked around the room we found ourselves in. It was about 5 feet deep and 7 feet long. It was mostly empty, save for a shelf against one wall filled with supplies, the bench we were sitting on, and a sink and toilet next to the shelf. There's no way I'll be using that. There wasn't much else I could do, so I leaned against Maxon and thought about how lucky I was to have been with him when the rebels attacked otherwise I don't think I would have made it to the only bunker I knew about.

It felt like it had been forever since we had been locked inside the safe room. There was no way to tell how many hours had passed. It was silent, although there was no way of telling whether that was because of soundproofing or not. Maxon and I had chatted on and off and eaten a small meal. I was glad to be with him, but there was a small problem. I had to pee. Badly. I shifted in my seat. Judging by my inability to sit still I had at most 15 more minutes until I had to relieve myself. I really didn't want to do that in front of Maxon. I gazed longingly at the small toilet next to the sink.

"America? America? What's the matter?"

"Huh?"

"You look pained. What's the matter?"

"Um…" I started. I didn't know what to say. I couldn't admit to him that I needed to relieve myself, but then again I couldn't hold my aching bladder for much longer. "Nothing. I'm fine."

"You don't look fine. What's the matter?"

"I told you. Nothing is the matter. I'm just restless is all. When do you think they will come let us out?"

"Hmm, hard to say. Usually everyone gets out within 48 hours but sometimes the guards miss one or two of the more hidden rooms. All the doors open in four days regardless though."

I accidentally whimpered. "America, something is wrong and I need you to tell me what it is."

"Well, if we're in here much longer you'll find out anyway." I took a deep breath. "I have to pee."

"Pee?"

"Yeah. Very badly if I'm being honest."

"So… go. The toilet won't explode you know."

"I can't go with you here! It's embarrassing."

"Oh. I hadn't thought about it like that."

"Yeah. I didn't even want to tell you. It's embarrassing."

"America, you're twisting yourself into a pretzel over there. Just go. I promise I won't look and I'll even plug my ears and sing a song if I have to."

I couldn't hold it for much longer and I definitely didn't want to wet myself so I stood up. "Okay. Just look away please. And don't tell anyone okay?"

"Who would I tell?"

"Promise me please."

"I promise." He looked me in the eyes and then faced the opposite wall.

I lifted up my skirt and sat down on the toilet. I waited and waited for what felt like an eternity. "Hey Maxon?"

"Yes?"

I hesitated, making sure I was fully covered. "Could you come turn the tap on? I can't go with you listening."

"Of course America," He stood up, making an effort not to look at me and quickly turned on the tap before returning to where he was sitting.

I took a deep breath and concentrated on the splashing from the sink, grateful Maxon had turned it on full blast. All of a sudden a more powerful gush of liquid overtook the sound of the faucet. I feel my face getting redder and redder as I sat, sure that Maxon could hear every single drop thundering into the bowl despite the faucet. This was definitely not ladylike. Thankfully my stream slowly died down and then stopped. I was sure I would be sitting on the toilet peeing for ages. Now, where was the toilet paper? I scanned the tiny room and the shelves. Why the hell was the toilet paper all the way up there? I couldn't even reach it if I wasn't squatting on the toilet. "Maxon?" I asked timidly, making sure my legs were pressed together and my dress was covering what it needed to.

"Yeah?"

"I...I can't reach the toilet paper."

He looked over his shoulder at me then quickly panned to the shelves. "That's absurd! Who in their right mind would put it up there?"

"Could you get it for me?"

"Yeah," He scrambled up again, walked over to the shelves, and easily plucked the roll of toilet paper off the top shelf. He handed it to me, looking away.

I thanked him quietly and waited until he sat back down with his back turned to carefully lift my skirt and quickly wipe before standing and flushing. Then I washed my hands and sat at the far end of the bench, away from Maxon. I couldn't bear to sit near him or even look at him. I might as well go home as soon as we're let out because I don't think I'll be able to look that man in the eyes ever again.

The minutes ticked by and at some point Maxon came and silently sat next to me. Still I don't look at him. He put his arms around me and pulled me to his chest. "I'm sorry." Maxon breathed into my ear.

"Pardon?"

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to look, I swear."

"I know."

"So you're not upset with me?"

"No. It was an accident."

"So why won't you look at me?"

I sighed. "I'm just really embarrassed."

"About what? Peeing?"

"Yeah."

"I know this probably won't help but I'm going to say it anyway. You don't need to be embarrassed about a natural function. Everyone does it. I've had to rush out of more than a few overly long meetings." He squeezed my shoulders tightly in a hug.

"Thanks." I breathed.

We descended into silence. It was nice to have Maxon's arm around me and feel his warmth seeping through my clothes. Every so often he would shift and I didn't think too much of it until it started happening more frequently. I turned and looked at him. "Um… Maxon?" Do you have to pee? "Why are you moving so much?"

"Uh… No reason America."

"Is it the same 'no reason' as I gave earlier?" Maxon just looked at me. "Well?"

"Yeah."

"So go. If I didn't need to be embarrassed then neither do you."

"It's different."

"Why?"

"Because you have that dress to keep you covered. I have to um…excuse my language... whip it out when I go."

"So? You face away from me when you do it. I can't see anything. And even if that wasn't true, you didn't watch me so I won't watch you."

"I suppose you're right. I just feel really vulnerable."

"I know." I rubbed his hands which were still clasped tightly around my midsection.

"Okay… America, please let me up."

I shuffled out of the way and he stood up. I slid down the bench so I was not as close to the toilet so as to give him some semblance of privacy. I shut my eyes tightly and waited. The sound of his zipper seemed to echo around the room. Then silence. And more silence. Then it started. I tried not to listen, I really did. It echoed so loudly throughout the room that it was impossible to not hear it. He peed louder than I had which was weirdly relieving. The stream turned into a trickle and then it was just drops until I heard his zipper again. The toilet flushed and I heard him move to the sink and start washing his hands. "You can open your eyes you know," he said, with laughter in his voice.

I opened my eyes, sure I was blushing. He met my gaze on the mirror and smiled before turning to the shelves. "I'm getting tired of sitting on the bench. How about I roll out these sleeping mats and we sit somewhere more comfortable?"

"That sounds good to me."

"Alright then." He took down two rolled mats and then two blankets and finally two pillows. He rolled them out onto the floor opposite the shelves. Then he unfolded the blankets and placed them on top of the mats. Finally, he put the pillows against the wall. "Your bed for the night m'lady." He said gesturing.

"I'm hoping we don't actually need to sleep here," I said, sitting down next to him.

"I could think of worse things than having to curl up with you in my arms."

"Oh, Maxon! You're always so smooth"

"Thank you, I try."

I laughed. We chatted for a while longer, savoring the time we spent embraced.

Finally, Maxon yawned and I followed suit. He stood up. "I think it's time for us to get some sleep." I nodded. He held out his hand and helped me up. "There's a dress here that you could sleep in. I don't imagine you would want to sleep in that, as beautiful as it is," he handed me a folded pile of cloth, "I'm going to...uh… go again, but I won't turn around until you tell me I can," he assured me, his ears and cheeks turning a bit pink.

Maxon turned around and I unfolded the dress. It was very plain and very large, but the fabric felt comfortable enough. I laid it on the bench and went to unzip my dress but found I couldn't reach the zipper. Maxon was peeing so I continued struggling. When it had been silent for a bit I turned. "Maxon?"

"Yes, America?"

"I can't unzip my dress. Will you give me a hand?"

"Of course." Maxon washed his hands and then stood behind me. His fingertips were hot against my skin and I felt electricity buzz as the zipper moved down my back. I almost told him to just take everything off but stopped myself. This had been such an enjoyable time that I didn't want to spoil it by making a fool of myself like I had the night I tried to seduce him. "There you go." Maxon patted me on the back and moved away again.

I looked behind me to make sure he had his back turned before quickly dropping my dress and pulling on the other one. "Okay." I said, turning around. I was swimming in this dress but that was good because I didn't have a bra on and peeing in front of Maxon was as intimate as I wanted to get with him tonight. I didn't think I could deal with any more embarrassment tonight and I may die if Maxon realized I wasn't wearing a bra.

He turned around and smiled. "You look so cute. Sadly there's no toothbrushes or toothpaste so I guess it's just time for bed."

"Okay," I nodded and laid down on the mat nearest the bench. Maxon grabbed a flashlight, set it on the bench, turned out the lights, laid down beside me and wrapped his arms around me.

"Good night America."

"Good night Maxon."

###

When I woke up, Maxon was still fast asleep with his arms around me. It took me a second to realize what had woken me up. But I figured it out when another cramp hit my stomach. Oh God. Not this, please. It's one thing to pee in front of someone but it's another to poop. I didn't poop in front of anyone. I didn't even poop in public restrooms. I definitely couldn't poop in front of a guy I liked. He'd wake up and smell it and I think I would die of embarrassment. Another cramp hit and I almost whimpered. I had to go, there was no way around it. I just couldn't wake Maxon.

I carefully moved his arms off of me, blushing when I realized that my dress had ridden up almost to my hips. It’s a good thing I woke up before Maxon. I carefully crawled out and padded my way to the toilet.

"Merica?" Amazon's sleepy voice caught me just as I was about to pull my panties down.

I cursed him in my head. "Yeah?" I tried to answer without my voice wavering. Like I didn't have a care in the world.

"What are you doing?" He shuffled, as if he was sitting up. Then I heard him grab the flashlight.

"Nothing! It's okay. You don't need to see. Just go back to sleep. I'm sorry I woke you."

"Oh that's okay. I feel well rested anyway. I think I'll just stay up."

"Maxon please go back to sleep." I tried again, but this time I was unable to keep my voice steady.

"Okay. Now I know something is the matter. What's going on America?" A sudden, harsh light illuminated the small space. I couldn't see him, but he definitely could see me. A beat of silence. Then another. Then another. "Oh! I'm sorry America! I didn't realize you were in the process of peeing." The light shut off and I was left with those annoying light spots.

I was debating whether or not to say that I was done, wash my hands and go back to bed in the hopes that Maxon would fall asleep again but then I was hit with another cramp and, to make matters worse, a large fart rang out too. I was utterly frozen in the silence.

"America?" A tentative whisper broke the silence.

"Yes?" I managed to choke out.

"You don't have to pee do you?"

"No." I gasped. My cheeks were wet. I didn't even know when I had started to cry.

There was shuffling. "I put the flashlight back and am currently pressing my pillow to my ears. I'm sorry that's the best I can do."

I didn't know whether I wanted to shrink into a tiny speck of dust or go hug Maxon. Apparently there was a third option because my bowels were going to move no matter what. I hastily pulled down my panties and sat on the toilet, grateful for the darkness. And just like that I started. I swear to God I've never ever had this much inside me. Thankfully the cascade ended and I carefully wiped before quickly flushing, hoping that there wasn't too much of a lingering stink. I washed my hands and then reluctantly went back to the mats.

As I laid down, Maxon took the pillow off of his head. Then he took me by the waist and pulled me into his body. "You know, last night was the best sleep I've gotten in a long time."

"I'm glad." I snuggled into his arms and chest. "I'm sorry I woke you up."

"America, you know there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural. Nothing you could ever do in front of me would make me care about you any less."

"Really?"

"Really."

"Thank you Maxon." Then I started kissing him.

