The day before lockdown: Ellen

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-12-26 10:05

A new series based on a sighting I had recently.

Here’s the first one.

Ellen lifted one leg up at the knee behind her as she pressed for the next customer. Stood in a line of colleagues separated by clear perplex screens at checkout 16 she could clearly see the line of customer still waiting to be served as it trailed like a snake around the store. She’d been due a break half an hour ago now but it wasn’t looking good for getting one anytime soon. Legally she knew she couldn’t complain as she wasn’t actually entitled to one on this shift but she was usually given a brief one regardless. Today of all days she really needed one too.

The next customer handed her yet another full basket and she set about scanning and packing efficiently whilst moving from foot to foot. Taking payment she thanked the customer and briefly wondered if they even heard her through her face mask. As the next customer approached her checkout Ellen glanced up and down the store again, this time not looking at the queue but keenly looking for another staff member who might be able to cover her for a few minutes. Of course there was none around so she returned to scanning and packing and taking payment and bouncing on her heels.

It was just days before Christmas and whilst the store was always hectic this time of year today brought even more pressure as all non essential shops were closing again as part of yet another lockdown to stop the virus. Ellen had met with a friend for the last time at lunch to swap gifts and see each other in person one final time this year. She had probably had at least two glasses of lemonade with lunch before clocking on at 2 for the final shift for a while. It was now almost 5 and she wondered how everyone in the queue could possibly be served before they had to close at 6. More than that though she wondered how her own body would hold out for another hour. All she could do was try her best.

Ten minutes later the shop tannoy reminded customers to social distance, wear a face mask and that the store would be closing at 6pm as per government rules. Behind her own mask Ellen bit her lip as she longed for her shift to finish. Time seemed to be dragging by despite the sheer volume of customers.

Another full basket and in her constant moving around Ellen accidentally knocked a packet of socks on the floor. Apologising to the customer she bend down behind the counter to pick them up instinctively pulling an arm around her tummy. She felt flushed and could only hope the face mask hid her red cheeks as she stepped from foot to foot as she packed everything in the standard store paper bag. Wether it was the pressure the banks were under with the volume of sales going through or wether it was the pressure in her own body, Ellen was increasingly finding the wait for card machines to process stressful. It might only be a minute to wait but remaining completely still for that long was getting more and more impossible and Ellen had to turn to put some unwanted clothes hangers in a bucket to disguise what was going on in her body. Thankfully the customer seemed none the wiser and she buzzed for the next one whilst pulling her foot behind her at the knee again.

Another tannoy asked customer to make their way to the tills and reminded them of the early closing and to remember to shop safely. Ellen sighed. At least she wouldn’t need to wait too much longer now.

It was getting harder and harder for Ellen to concentrate on the task at hand as her legs moved more and more and her mind wandered helplessly to her body’s struggle. She began worrying if customers or colleagues would notice her restlessness, constant movements, and at times almost dancing on the spot, but despite that she still couldn’t stop. If anything she had to move more as her body struggled the longer time went on.

Finally the long queue began getting shorter as security had now prevented further customers from entering. As she scanned the final items she pushed against the counter as a sudden need to finish and get away overcame her. Determined to stay strong she handed over the bag and wished the customer a merry Christmas before stepping from foot to foot and fidgeting.

The music suddenly turned off and the noise of the customers abruptly stopped now Ellen could hear the rusting of her trousers as one leg rubbed against the other. Her thoughts were on just one thing as she signed off her till and ran it up for an end of shift total. As the receipt printed out Ellen was interrupted by a voice at the end of the row.

‘Thanks everyone! That was manic and I appreciate you all working so well. I’ve just had confirmation from head office that with us closing for a full month they want all cash banked fully so I’ll need to check every til before releasing you all. I’ll work my way down as quickly as I can and Reece will join me as soon as he’s available. Please remain at your till until it’s been cashed up. I have been assured everyone will be paid for all times you are clocked in. Thanks!’

Ellen turned in shock. She needed out of here now and felt trapped. Unable to reply or change the situation all she could hope for was that it wouldn’t take long. She didn’t have time on her side.

Ellen stood crossed legged in her perplex booth biting her lip as her mind worked overtime trying to think what to do. She couldn’t leave, she couldn’t even ask for a quick break as leaving her till now wasn’t allowed. Usually the drawers would simply be taken and stored or counted elsewhere and staff would clock out shortly after closing. She wasn’t due to finish until 6:30 so it wasn’t like she could even say it was past her clock off time. She’d just need to somehow wait it out.

The more time went on the more Ellen struggled. Despite being in their individual ‘boxes’ the others were talking to each other, busying themselves clearing up or sorting returned goods or waiting quietly. Ellen meanwhile was struggling not to let her difficulty be obvious to others. She tapped her foot, stepped from foot to foot, put her hands on her hips, crossed her legs, leaned on the counter, curled her toes and squeezed her muscles. Anything to help her body.

This continued as the clock slowly went on as Ellen grew more and more restless and anxious. Finally Lynne was at the adjacent checkout as sweat gathered on Ellen’s neck and forehead as her legs continued to move, and her body squirmed.

It was as Ellen was once again learning on the counter, her body tense and desperate that she heard a voice break her thoughts.

‘Right Ellen. Let’s cash you up and let you get away. Thanks for waiting.’

It was Reece from the men’s department, a young, very attractive man who Ellen had always found to be lovely and sweet.

Opening the cash drawer Reece began pulling the notes out and counting as Ellen tried to remain composed behind him. In quite a state now Ellen rubbed her thighs nervously as she stood back to allow distance between her and Reece. Hearing her own heart beating fast and struggling against her own body she moaned beneath her face mask hoping Reece wouldn’t hear. Reece turned as Ellen bent forwards in urgency.

‘Are you ok?’

Embarrassed, Ellen flushed.

‘Yeah’

Reece turned back and began counting the next bundle of notes as Ellen, now frantic, gripped the side of the Perspex divider with both hands and tensed her whole body. Unable to stop herself she moaned again. Once again Reece turned to look at her. With a large bunch of notes in his hands Reece looked Ellen in the eye, both of them sensing a feeling of connection and lust.

‘Ellen are you sure you are alright there? You look...emmm...’

Ellen could no longer hide her body’s desire. Dancing around embarrassingly she looked at Reece’s sparkling blue eyes and whispered behind her mask.

‘I have to use the ladies. Really badly. I can barely hold on.’

‘Oh. I’ll go as quick as I can ok? You been waiting long?’

Now, having finally admitted her trouble, Ellen crossed her legs tightly and squirmed. With tears forming and her face flushed Ellen panted.

‘Over an hour now. ‘

As Reece counted and faced way from her Ellen heard him reply, his voice low and sexy.

‘Wow. God you must be really bursting!’

Just then Lynne’s voice interrupted them both. ‘Right that’s me done my last one. I’ll just head to the office and get you when you’re finished Reece.’

Without even turning Reece replied.

‘That’s fine!’

Now with just Ellen and Reece on the shop floor Ellen slipped a hand into her crotch and bend forward while Reece continued cashing up.

‘Are you...are you nearly finished?’

Reece turned again to face Ellen, his own face warm and his body very turned on by the sight in front of his eyes.

‘Just the coins to go now. Can...can you wait?’

‘I’m not sure. Reece...I really need to go!’

‘I’ll count quick ok?’

Reece counted and piled the coins neatly on the counter feeling his own body increasingly lusting after the beautiful curvy lady behind him whose urgency to pee had captivated him fully. Hearing her moans, her squirming and bouncing made him lust after her, though he knew he couldn’t act on that which was frustrating. He was just getting to the tray of ten pences when he felt a tap on his back.

Turning around he found Ellen leaning against the perspex with a hand tightly between her legs and tears in her eyes.

‘I can’t hold this any longer. I think I’m going to wet myself!.’

In shock Reece turned and leaned back against the till counter, accidentally knocking down a pile of coins onto the floor. Sliding his back down the counter, his eyes glued to Ellen, he watched as she too dropped to her knees just an arms length from him, still gripping the Perspex divider as she did so. Unable to even think about picking up the coins Reece watched longingly as Ellen gasped and her uniform trousers darkened a little at the front.

‘Oh God. It’s coming Reece. I’m so bursting I can’t wait.’

Worried about the consequences of Ellen having wet clothes and with an overwhelming desire to touch Ellen, Reece reached towards her, leaning forwards and grabbing at her uniform trousers. Somehow he pulled them down a little, gasping in desire as he saw Ellen’s lilac striped knickers with their wet dripping crotch. As he held the trousers in both hands, bend down behind the counter he ached to touch Ellen’s wet crotch but knew this would be too much. Ellen was still holding the divider and moaning as Reece pulled the trousers towards him as much as he could.

‘You’re already wet Ellen. It’s ok. Just let it out.’

At that the silence of the huge clothes shop filled with the sound of urine blasting out of Ellen’s crotch, pouring through her cute knickers and forming a large puddle behind the till as Ellen released and released until her body was finally empty.

Losing himself in the moment Reece let go of Ellen’s trousers with one hand as he touched Ellen’s cheek and ran his hand down her face.

‘You ok now? I have no idea how you held all that in! My God that was a LOT of pee!’

‘You won’t tell anyone will you Reece?’

‘As long as you don’t tell anyone about this? Deal?’

And at that Reece looked embarrassingly at his own crotch where his own situation was blatantly obvious to Ellen.

Ellen smiled.

‘Deal!’

*006*2020-12-26 18:25

Sadly the sighting that spurred this story was very brief. It happened while I was waiting at traffic lights in the final hour before another lockdown here in Scotland. I was looking out my window as II was right outside a small barbers shop and noticed one of the two female barbers moving about an awful lot and looking like she had a rather full bladder. There was a long queue outside all desperate to get their hair cut before the barbers was closed for a month again and i realised that the poor barber had probably not had a chance to use the bathroom in hours. This sighting made me think of different scenarios of people all bursting but having to wait due to the impending lockdown and this series was born.

I’ll post the next one ASAP

