Giang and Paige's Road Trip

Author: Mariomo

*000*2022-10-13 16:19

Giang pulled a pair of large suitcases out of her front door, she wore her normal color of all white, a strapless lacy bra, a comically tight pair of volleyball shorts, lacy panties, a pair of thigh high stockings, and some high heels just for the extra suffering they brought. She completed her look with some white lipstick, mascara, eyeliner, and eye shadow. The set of white makeup was a gift from Ana, who ironically only ever wore black.

Giang’s obsession with white outfits and looks comes mostly from her deep desire to live somewhere where the snow piles high. Her dream was to live in a secluded house, doors blocked in with snow, with her partner who’s bathroom habits she could control with little sympathy, especially while ignoring her own. As a matter of a fact, in preparation for the trip, she has skipped her before-bed pee, and morning pee. She felt like she had to go somewhat, but it wasn’t urgent, and she planned on holding it the whole way to the Airbnb up north. She was going to take the 18 hour drive from her hometown to a nice little hilltop cottage in Maine. For company, she decided to bring Paige, who she chose because she also liked snow, but also because she knew that her bladder could be abused without her knowing any better.

Giang stepped back inside her apartment to grab a backpack, she threw it over her shoulder, locked her apartment door, and walked with the two suitcases down the hall towards the elevator. She pressed the button to go down, and the door soon opened. A lady in a very formal skirt suit and tie stood inside, looking down with disgust at the outfit Giang was wearing. As Giang pulled the suitcases inside, the lady packed herself tightly against the opposing corner, evidently offended by the sight of a skinny 4’11 Asian girl with pudgy thighs wearing so little fabric and so much makeup.

The elevator soon halted at the parking garage, where they were both headed. The business lady insisted Giang go first, as if to hide her malice. Giang lugged the suitcases out of the lift and towards the valet booth, a man in a red uniform stood there, fiddling on his phone. “Hi Miguel!” Giang cheered.

The man looked up from his phone, and over at Giang, who stood pigeon toed, a small grin on her face, waving at him. “Oh, hey Jan, leaving early this morning?” He inquired

“Yup, I’m taking that trip to Maine I keep talking about.”

Miguel pressed a button on his walkie-talkie, “Tony, D40.” He looked back at Giang. “So you won’t be in class this week?”

Giang looked blankly at Miguel. “Miguel, it’s break. What classes are you going to?”

Miguel laughed a little. “Sorry, I forgot.”

Miguel noticed what Giang was wearing, she was always wearing far too little clothing, or just something outright lewd, but the context of her going to a place like Maine wearing such an outfit was perplexing. She’d probably start freezing to death in New Jersey. He never commented on it, since Giang always pretended that what she was wearing was always fine and not revealing in the slightest. “So, what will you be doing up in Maine?”

“Enjoying the snow, drinking hot cocoa by the fire,” the mention of a drink made her bladder twinge, she pressed her thighs together for a second, letting them go soon after. “Pretending I don’t live in an urban hellhole.”

“Wouldn’t it be nice.”

Giang’s car pulled up, a recent model wagon.

Miguel looked at the car, then at Giang’s luggage, “Mind if I get that for you?” He offered.

Tony stepped out of the car, and walked back down the valet ramp. Giang let go of her suitcases, and smiled graciously. “Of course, thank you so much.”

She clicked over to the driver's door, and sat down. She closed the door and waited for the gate to open. Miguel closed the trunk, and walked back to his stand to push the button. Giang drove away slowly. The lady behind her looked over at Miguel. “You talk to that girl? She dresses like a whore.”

“Her apartment is twice the price of yours.”

Giang sat at a traffic light, she pressed a button on her steering wheel to give voice commands. “Call Paige.” She said, to which the car complied.

Paige answered her phone immediately. “Are you on your way?” She asked.

Giang nodded her head. Then immediately realized she couldn’t be seen. “Yes, I’ll be there soon.”

“Okay!” Paige replied, “Let me just finish breakfast, and I’ll be waiting outside.”

“Alright, see you soon”

“See ya.”

Giang hung up, and continued the drive to Paige’s apartment building. As she waited at a stop light, she pondered on the driving situation. It dawned upon her that she was about to spend a whole day driving a car with 14 centimeter stiletto heels that were a size too small for her. Immediately afterwards, it dawned upon her that she would have to wear these shoes all week, as she had specifically styled each outfit to match them, and not packed any other shoes. It’s not like it bothered her, though. She was quite satisfied knowing she would be in some form of constant pain, as a matter of fact, she found it a slight bit arousing.

Her mind eventually wandered towards her bladder, and she rested her left hand on her lower belly, hoping to feel something, but it was too early, her bladder had not swollen, bloated, or even hardened yet. As an alternative, she rested her middle finger on the gusset of her underwear, shoehorning it in between the panties and the crotch of her microshorts. Giang gave what could only be described as an evil, smug look at her belly while she reveled in the idea of her bladder being nauseatingly full later that day. Soon, Giang arrived at Paige’s place, she was standing outside, with her suitcase by her side.

Paige was wearing a dark rather oversized black turtleneck, it was knit very chunky, so if you looked closely, you could see her bare skin from in between the threads. Underneath, she wore a lace black bra, lacy black panties, a pair of elbow length black suede gloves, and a pair of pantyhose stockings, the reinforced part around her thighs was very visible, as her bleached denim short shorts didn’t do a very good job at covering anything below her buttocks. She had on a pair of knee high wedge heel boots, the wedge itself was very slim, so it was probably pretty taxing to stand or walk in them.

The strangest part of the whole outfit, however, was her face. She wore a wedding veil that obscured her eyes, but could still be seen through if you really squinted. She also had this strange suede face covering, it looked like a face mask from a distance, but upon closer inspection, seemed to contour the face, tightly wrapping itself into creases and crevices, her mouth and nostrils were the only exception.

Giang stopped the car on the side of the road, allowing Paige to get in. It looked even stranger up close, like someone had taken her face in photoshop and just completely blacked it out. “I know, curious style, right?”

Giang nodded, to which Paige responded with a giggle. “Ana put me on it, she calls it ‘the art of blindness’ or something. Some strange fashion concept where I have to live my daily life wearing this thing over my head. The suede thing folds out, so when I’m not looking at anything important…” Paige pulled the face covering over her eyes and forehead, blinding her completely. “…I'm not looking at all!~”

“It looks like the top bit of one of those full body color suits.”

“I thought so too at first. it’s surprisingly comfortable, though. Really premium fabric! Five stars, I’ll probably wear it every day.”

“You sound like a cult member, I’ll give it an hour before you fall down a flight of stairs.”

“She made me sign a form, I am fully responsible for any injury caused during my wearing of this mask.”

Giang rolled her eyes. “How are you supposed to like.. breathe? Or drink, or eat in that thing?

Paige held up a finger. “For one, suffocating is part of the form, so if I die of that, it’s also my fault...”

Giang rubbed her temples, astounded by the naivety of her closest friend.

“…it’s pretty hard to breathe, I really have to try. But like I said, the form’s there for a reason.” Paige held up a second finger. As for drinking, that’s pretty easy, as long as I don’t mind the mask getting wet. She recommended I only drink water so my mask doesn’t taste like a stale version of my last beverage, but you know I can’t live without my coffee, so I’ve snuck those in as meal replacements.”

“Meal replacements?!”

“Hold on! I’ll get to it.” Paige held up a third finger. “I can’t really eat.”

“Can’t really eat?”

“Sorry, no. I can’t eat. But it’s also on the form, so it’s also my fault if I starve to death.”

Giang facepalmed loudly. Paige heard the clap, but didn’t know what it came from, as she was blinded by the mask.

“I’ve been trying to find a way around it. I think soup may work, but I don’t want that staining the mask. I’ll figure it out eventually!~” she sang, almost as if she did not describe Ana trying to murder her through her fashion obsession.

“Well, you do you, maybe next time Ana will break all of your ribs trying to corset you down to thirty centimeters.”

Paige giggled, holding her fingers up to her mouth in an exaggerated fashion. Paige has been in some form of theater every year since elementary school, so she sometimes breaks the boundaries between acting & normality, exaggerating her movements, emotions, or expressions in a theater-like way. Giang found it endearing, and somewhat arousing when she did it while she had to pee, but Giang didn’t know whether or not Paige had relieved herself this morning. Now that she thought about it, the opportunities were endless. She could probably play into Paige’s optimism, allowing- no- encouraging her to stay blinded by the mask for the whole week, which meant she would be clueless as ever.

If Paige did decide to unmask herself, Giang could always abuse her one second attention span to just keep her out of the bathroom, like canceling your sim’s action repeatedly when they try to autonomously go to the bathroom. Paige was certainly intelligent, charismatic, and attractive, but she was a mess in terms of time management, probably suffered from short term memory loss, and had no concept of personal priorities. If you asked her to go to the mall together while she was washing her dishes immediately after returning from the mall, you could probably hear the plate shatter over the phone as she drops it to walk out her front door. Giang was fully aware of this, and planned to use it to the fullest extent.

“Oh well, just let me know if we pass a Starbucks, I need my morning coffee before I pass out.” Mentioned Paige.

Bingo. “Got it.” Giang replied.

Giang now didn’t care if Paige had peed prior, knowing that her usual order was a trenta iced triple espresso, it was 31 ounces, almost a liter of triple caffeinated coffee. Giang knew for a fact that her bladder would be filling before they even hit a highway. Giang took a slight detour to reach her apartment before she hit the highway, since a Starbucks was right across the street from her building. She soon arrived at said place, only to look at Paige, who was sitting upright, hands resting calmly in between her knees in a distinctly feminine way. “Paige.”

“Hm?”

“We’re here.”

“Already? It's been twenty minutes, not twenty hours.”

“Starbucks.”

Paige fell silent, then jerked her hands up in surprise. “Oh! Okay, could you lead me in?”

“Just take the mask off, you’ll look ridiculous.”

“But I don't want to take it off!” Paige crossed her arms, and made the physical motion of a ‘Harumph!’

“I’ll… just say you're blind if anybody asks.”

Giang walked around the car. Just as she was about to open Paige’s door, it opened, the edge of it forcefully hitting her lower stomach, right where her bladder was. She winced and bit her lip, the pain in her bladder pulsating through her body for a few seconds. When she looked up, Paige emerged from the vehicle, maskless. “You were right, I’d probably make a fool of myself. And- Jan, are you okay?”

Giang nodded.

“-And im fucking starving. Plus my order changed, so I didn’t want you ordering for me.”

Paige proceeded to slam the car door, and take the most wildly long and masculine strides into the store. All to Giang’s confusion, who was still processing getting impaled by her own car door. Inside the store, which was basically empty because it was still too early for the urban rush, Paige stood at the counter, waiting for a barista to take her order. Giang walked in, rubbing the curved pink line that ran all the way from her Adonis belt to her collarbone. She had entered just in time to see the barista attend to Paige.

“Hi, welcome to Starbucks, what could I get you today?”

Paige wasted no time immediately responding, “Two sausage egg muffins, and a Trenta iced blonde vanilla latte, quad espresso, redeye.”

The barista was a little backed up with the sudden barrage of words, typing them into the cash register. Paige tipped 10%, and mashed her card in before she was told to. Giang had no idea what that wall of phrases meant, probably something stronger than her previous usual. She wasn’t a common coffee drinker, and her experience with mediocre coffee at the on-campus coffee shop kind of turned her off from it; she knew what she did want, though.

Though she had skipped her pre-sleep pee, and not peed in the morning, she hadn’t had anything to drink since lunch yesterday either, so she needed something to really kick her bladder into overdrive when she sat on the road on cruise control for a whole day. When Paige finished ordering, Giang walked up, standing pigeon-toed, driving the toe-tip of her high heel into the ground side to side, head down to avoid eye contact with the barista. She figured looking exceedingly effeminate and shy would be a fun way to toy with the faceless people she’d only ever see once. She mumbled something inaudible.

“I’m sorry, I didn’t get that..” The confused barista replied.

Giang lifted her head, and made eye contact with the person behind the counter, she hoped the moment was more of a ‘background turns pink, flowers and bubbles float through the air’ moment. “A large raspberry iced tea.” she murmured, this time just audible enough for the employee to catch.

“Okay.” The employee responded, deadpanned.

Giang silently wallowed in her failure

“Name?”

“Jan.”

“Pay here.”

Giang tapped her phone against the card reader silently, and just walked away as soon as it approved the transaction. This Starbucks had a bunch of tall tables without any chairs, Giang made the educated guess that these were meant for standing, something she wanted to do to really focus on how her bladder felt. Through her 4 years experience of holding it until her bladder’s involuntary failure that she started in high school, she had learned how to think about her bladder without her mind exaggerating its actual fullness. 

She felt it with her mind, she could tell that it was filling very slowly, if at all, and that things probably wouldn’t start speeding up until she had her drink. She kept thinking back to the length of the upcoming drive, there was no way this drive would just be 18 hours. She was definitely bound to hit some sort of traffic on the east coast highways,especially in New Jersey or Washington DC. She felt aroused at the idea that she would be stuck in there with a full bladder for far longer than anticipated, but she failed to account for her passenger’s needs…

Giang looked over at Paige, who was looking at her phone, waiting for her coffee. Giang didn’t want Paige to ruin the seats in her brand new car by peeing on them, because at least Giang had enough strength, willpower, and lack of self-value to hold it even when she felt sick, dizzy, chilly, and flashed in and out of consciousness from how backed up her kidneys had gotten, she doubted that Paige could sit for traffic for a whole day while her urinary system was being damaged, though.

The coffee, food, and tea eventually came out, and were soon eaten. Giang and Paige returned to the car, and started driving. At the next traffic light Giang looked over at her passenger, who had put her mask back on. “You’re wearing it again?” Giang asked.

“I’ll wear it when I can. I don’t want to wear it in public, though.”

Giang shrugged, it was good enough for her. “So, what was that order of yours?”

“Glad you asked!~” Paige bubbled, “I’ve decided to embrace my inner caffeine junkie, so I just ordered the most caffeinated drink I could.”

“That doesn’t sound particularly healthy, you should probably watch how much you drink those.”

Paige nodded, “I thought so too, I guess I will. Still though, I got my jumpstart, so I’ll probably crash somewhat soon. Do you mind if I sleep?”

“I don’t mind.”

Some time passed, Paige waited, got hit by the crash, and moved her mask aside to let herself breathe in her sleep.Giang kept driving, feeling as her need slowly built up. It was at this point that she had a stroke of genius. She would stop at the nearest rest stop, and just sit there until Paige woke up, no matter how long Paige had slept, she could convince her that a very short amount of time and distance had passed. Giang continued down the highway until she saw a rest stop, and dropped right into it. She hopped out of her car and popped the trunk, looking for her backpack. When she unzipped it, she pulled out a bottle of water. She had packed it full of those to help make these seven days more torturous. She drank it with sips to assist her tea with filling her bladder, since she knew the tea alone probably wouldn’t fill her to capacity.

The slight wind chill outside made Giang’s bladder sting a little despite its relative emptiness. She pressed her thighs and knees together, and her stance got a little more pigeon-toed than it normally was. She shifted her weight side to side, occasionally side-stepping. Giang quickly realized that she was, in fact, visibly squirming from her need to pee, and the thought of this aroused her greatly. In an instant, her knees became so weak that she fell down into a squat, and her breath became shaky. She let out a slight whimper and bit her lip, squinting her eyes and looking around. She really hoped someone saw her in such a state, squirmy, and hopelessly aroused, wearing barely anything in such cold weather.

She just kept standing beside her car, squirming. After what felt like a while, she got back inside the car, the warmth of it made her bladder settle down. She pulled her phone out of her short’s waistband to check the time, and a significant amount had passed, almost a whole hour. Strange considering it barely felt like she was standing for long at all. She just sat in her seat, looking ahead. She had her hands on her thighs, tapping her white-polished fingers impatiently as a reaction to her bladder.

She then realized what sitting at the rest stop for so long meant. Rush hour traffic was about to hit the highways. Giang immediately let out another sexual whimper, and grabbed her crotch out of anticipation, realizing she’d be stuck in her car for hours upon hours, waiting to move even half a mile while her bladder was bursting at the seams. She considered grabbing another water bottle, but she realized that she wanted to feel the suspenseful buildup to such a kidney-clogging level of desperation.

She looked over at Paige, who was fast asleep with her mask still over her eyes. Giang considered staying in the truck stop for longer, but realized that traffic would probably dissipate if she stayed too long, so she pulled her car out and to the on-ramp, fully prepared to just wait.

*001*2022-10-14 14:54

THIS PART DELVES INTO SOME OF THE UNHEALTHY PARTS OF HOLDING, READ AT YOUR OWN WILL.

Giang hunched forward, gripping the steering wheel weakly as she cruised down the highway. She had a stressed grimace on her face, it complemented her nicely. She had sat in the car for 20 hours, all without letting herself leave for anything. Her only gas stop was in New Jersey, and she couldn’t pump her own gas there. She had managed to keep Paige out of the restrooms for decently long between stops, conveniently missing plenty, and having to put up with heaps of complaining. Giang’s current situation was not ideal, but she liked it that way.

Giang’s bladder spilled out of her stomach, stiff as a bowling ball, and just as big. It pressed into her thighs when she leaned forward. Her back stung, and her kidneys ached of fullness. Her whole bladder and it’s contents felt boiling hot, and she was sweating despite the chill of the frozen air. What she was doing was most likely not healthy, but she didn’t care. She only became more aroused the more pained or in danger she became, a bit of a toxic trait of hers. The house was just a couple minutes away, and Giang was seriously starting to question if she was too desperate to drive.

The last time Paige was let out to pee was around 8 hours ago, and her need had grown quite significantly since then. She removed her mask a while back too, she thought it was unnecessary. She sat in the passenger seat, legs double crossed and bouncing while she tapped away on her phone. Giang couldn’t see what she was writing, but Paige was talking to some friends on social media, complaining to them about how she was on a car ride, and thought that she was about to wet herself.

Giang watched as the house came into view, and pulled into the driveway. Her whole body was pulsing with pain, knowing that it could be relieved of her clogged up urinary system in just a matter of seconds, just by sitting down and peeing. Giang held back tears from how much it hurt. She needed to keep herself away from the toilet, ignore her need, and focus on enjoying her vacation. “Hey, Jan?” Paige asked.

Giang looked over, her awful expression was ever-so visible. “Do you need something?” She breathily asked, her voice weak and stressed from just how much strength she was putting into her sphincter.

“Could you point me to the bathroom when we get inside?” She giggled, and grabbed her crotch. “I have to pee so badly.”

Giang’s desperation was beginning to mess with her to the point that she started to get sloppy. “Sure.. can you wait until after I go, though? I also want to show you around the house.”

Paige nodded, and opened the car door, Giang opened hers too. A wave of below zero air washed over them both, and Giang nearly fell to her knees, weakened by the freezing. A gust of wind pelted them both with snow, the 2 AM weather was harsh, something Giang knew she would enjoy greatly. She forced herself to stand, and shakily hobbled over to the front door of the house. Over 30 hours and a gallon of urine waited inside her, trying to escape at every waking moment. She refused to let go, purely to make herself suffer longer. Her hands shook violently as she attempted to unlock the door, whether it was from her nervous system being overloaded from the pain of her internal organs, or the pain of the frostbite inducing air pelting her with snowflakes was up for determination.

Giang eventually opened the door, and slowly stepped inside. She decided to greatly slow her movements, as her recent disturbance of her bladder from standing up had started to make her feel nauseous. She turned her head to look at Paige, who was hopping in place with desperation with her legs crossed closely behind her. Giang reflected on her current situation, she sighed. “Paige, you can explore the house on your own. I’m going to be in the bathroom, but I won’t use it yet, so you have to wait until later.”

Paige was not confused by this logic at all, the way she saw it, until Giang had used the bathroom to relieve herself, and let Paige know that she could use it, she would be unable to go. It did bother her that she would have to hold it, but she didn’t mind waiting for Giang to go first. “Okay.” She said, her voice shaking with every bounce. “I’ll make myself at home. Do you want me to get the bags?”

“Yes, Thank you, that’s kind of you.” Giang wheezed out.

Paige turned around, and started hobbling desperately back to the front door when Giang stopped her. “Wait, Paige, come back.” She said.

Paige immediately walked back to Giang, slowed by her desperation. Giang had come to the realization that Paige had not taken the opportunity to use the bathroom when Giang said she wouldn’t go, instead opting to explore the house casually, and get the bags, a rather strenuous task to do with a full bladder. Giang had figured that if she was clueless enough to agree to that, she would probably be clueless enough to do what Giang was about to ask her to do. “Paige, can I have your sweater for a minute?” She asked.

Like clockwork, Paige removed her sweater, and held it out towards Giang. Giang took it, and looked Paige in her eyes. “Can I see your pants too?”

Paige unbuttoned her shorts, and slid them down her stocking-lined legs. She held them out to Giang, as if she did not just strip down in front of her. “Thanks, you can get the bags now.”

Just like that, Paige walked out the front door, wearing a lacy bra, lacy panties, stockings, high heeled boots, and a pair of suede gloves, right into the windy, snowy front yard in the negatives.

Giang slowly hobbled into the bathroom, her bladder kept pulsing, almost beating like her heart pumping pain through her body. She was mere feet away from the toilet. Giang instead looked in the bathroom closet for something she saw in the Airbnb listing photos. It took her a minute, and just when she thought she couldn’t find it, she did. It was a bathroom scale. See; Every time Giang peed, she would strip, and measure her weight. She would try to stay as close as she could to 90 pounds to have a flat weight to scale off of. Giang slowly removed all of her clothes, being careful to avoid leaking, since she was trying not to break the seal. She inhaled with anticipation, wondering just how much of her body was made up of urine. Ever so slowly, she stepped on the scale. She waited for it to calculate…

98.4 Pounds.

She immediately became incredibly weak with pure arousal, she began to cry softly at the pain, it was too much for her to bear. Her frail, tiny body was filled with too much pee, and it was starting to hurt and sicken her a little too much for her to keep her emotions together. She hobbled back to her pile of clothes on the floor, and picked up her phone. She hobbled over to a mirror, and began taking pictures of her bladder, both in the mirror, and with the selfie camera. It looked grotesque. It was disproportionately massive compared to her minuscule frame, and it had a bright pink sheen on it. When she felt it, it was like a perfectly solid object, even her skin was stretched thin to the point where it had no more give. She looked at herself, her face was ghostly pale from her nausea, and her eyes looked glazed over. Her face was stuck in a worried look, like she was anticipating herself vomiting.

This was no problem to her. Giang thought everything she saw was stunningly beautiful, and she had already promised herself to never let go so she’d look like this forever. She was becoming so incredibly intoxicated from her mind's primal desire to just let go, especially for the sake of not dying from a bladder rupture, that all she wanted to do was work against it.

Giang slowly put all of her clothes back on, and took a step every minute out of the bathroom, shaking intensely from her nervous system overloading. When she arrived at the kitchen, she found Paige there. Potty dancing around the kitchen as she waited for Giang to return. “Jan, can you please hurry up?…”

Giang looked up, this movement proved to be too much for her bladder to handle, and despite her best efforts, a single drop escaped into her underwear. “…I gotta go super bad.”

A solid beam of urine shot out of Giang’s pants, at first, it hit the ground, but she quickly closed her thighs, letting it soak fully through her stockings. Giang fell to the ground, but no matter how long she peed, the force of her pee never weakened. It just kept going for what felt like minutes, as the puddle grew large enough to hit Paige’s shoes, then large enough to cover the entire kitchen floor. When her urine eventually did subside, Giang began to cry. Her only goal had just been failed, and her urinary system was no longer in danger. She slowly fell to the ground, still weeping. Paige walked over to her, and slowly stroked her hair. “Jan, would you like me to clean this up?”

Giang nodded weakly. “Yes..”

“I know you didn’t pee in the bathroom, so if it helps, I’ll keep waiting for your convenience.”

Giang nodded again before curling up into a ball. She kept silently weeping over her accident for a short while. When she eventually got over it, she got up to look at Paige, who was still mopping the massive puddle. She was potty dancing spectacularly, with little streams of urine running down her tights, and a sizable lump in her lower abdomen. Giang slowly walked over to Paige, and just watched as she kept mopping, knowing what would inevitably happen in just a matter of seconds.

