A hen night to remember

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2022-04-21 16:45

I’ll finish this later tonight but here’s part 1: A hen night to remember

Max sat at the bar drowning his sorrows. Maybe if he hasn’t said that, done this or went there Becky might still be living with him instead of currently on her hen night somewhere about to marry his best friend next week. He still loved Becky but it was all too late now. Another pint might just help numb the pain perhaps.

###

Along the street Becky danced around with her friends high on life and excited about her future, a huge L plate pinned to her dress and a plastic crown on her head. She might not get to see Steph or Mags or Poppy much after the honeymoon if Ben got the promotion he’d applied for so she was determined to enjoy every single minute of her hen night. Wearing too high shoes to try and look taller than her measly 5 foot she could feel her feet aching as the music broke for just a moment and she took her chance to get Steph’s attention.

“I’m going to have more blisters than teeth if I keep dancing like this. Fancy another drink?”

The girls headed over to a table as Poppy headed to the bar for some more drinks.

“Make mine a soft drink this time Pops! I’ve got an appointment tomorrow to finalise the catering and I want to make it rather than find myself in the toilet!”

Poppy laughed as she headed off to the bar as Mags, Steph and Becky sat down on the chairs clumsily.

“You ok there Becks? Having a good night so far?”

Becks smiled back looking at her girlfriends and realising just how badly she’d miss them. They’d seen her through so much in the last year with leaving manipulative Max, finding somewhere else to live and then dating Ben. Now a week away from her big day she genuinely wondered where she would be without them. Poppy returned with the drinks and the girls drank and laughed while the music blared.

“You’d think they’d turn it down a bit wouldn’t you? Jeez it’s loud! I reckon I must be getting old!”

“Fancy moving down the road to the Maiden Voyage? I fancy some chips on the way. They’ve got this live band playing tonight. Don’t look so worried Becky! We’ve not booked a stripper or anything! Promise!”

“Good! I should really go to the ladies first if we’re moving on though. God it’s getting busier isn’t it!”

“No way! Are they giving out free drinks or something? This place is suddenly jumping! I can’t see you getting to the toilets this side of Christmas Becks! Can you wait until the Maiden? It’ll be much quieter there I reckon.”

Becks only just made out Steph’s voice over the crowd and noise but she was right. Getting to the ladies right now would be like crossing the English channel without a boat…very time consuming, dangerous and pretty much a Herculean feat! She wasn’t absolutely desperate and the Maidan was just along the road. Even in her uncomfortable sandals it wouldn’t take that long to get there. She gulped down the remainder of her cola and stood up looking for her cloakroom ticket.

“Let’s go before our eardrums burst eh!”

The girls fumbled their way towards the exit, tickets in hand, and waited in a queue to retrieve their coats. Finally they were outside in the evening chill laughing and pulling each other along the road.

“Slow down! These heel’s aren’t made for walking in!” Mags and Poppy looked back to see Becky struggling as they took one arm each to steady her.

“You sure that last drink was just cola Beck’s? You’re all over the place here!”

“It’s these sandals, honestly. Plus the fact I really need the loo now! Why did I let you all drag me out before going to the ladies?”

“You’re not the only one wanting to go! Come on you three! That wine’s bouncing in my bladder here!”

Becky looked ahead at Steph and laughed as they started walking, with Mags and Poppy keeping her steady, towards the corner chip shop and the Maiden Voyage pub around the corner. Just as they got to the entrance to the fish and chip shop Steph stood legs crossed looking at the menu in the window.

“God I hope they cook quickly. I’m dying for the loo!”

“Me too!”

“Me three!”

“Me four! Actually it was me who said it first back in the club! You're all copying me!”

“Can’t you just order whatever you want quickly before I pee myself here?”

“All right Steph! Keep your knickers on!”

“I’ll be pulling them down to wee in a back street if you don’t hurry up!”

At that Mags, Poppy and Becky stumbled into the small take away leaving Steph pee dancing outside waiting. They placed their orders and received them before rejoining Steph outside as she stood leaning against the wall crossed legged with a hand in front of her short skirt.

The four of them continued walking around the corner, three of them eating and Steph leading the way, until they reached the front door of the Maiden Voyage and Steph waited anxiously for the others to catch up. As she stood there she read a notice on the door that made her gasp.

“Girls you can’t take the chips inside! You’ll need to bin them! Look! Let’s just bin them shall we so we can get out the cold. We can get crisps or nuts or whatever at the bar later eh?”

Mags shook her head.

“These cost me £3! 3 pounds I tell you! Plus they’re delicious! You go in if you want and I’ll be in in a bit!”

“I’ll wait with you Mags. We’ll not be long Steph. Promise.”

Steph pushed the pub door open then looked back at her three friends. Despite longing to use the ladies she felt way too embarrassed to head in herself so reluctantly waited for her three friends. The four scantily dressed giggly woman stood in a huddle, all four needing to wee badly and not hiding the fact and all four helping themselves to hot chips as they eagerly tried finishing their snack so they could enter the pub. As Poppy crossed her legs and almost fell down the curb she stumbled back up laughing.

“If only Ben could see you now Becky!”

“What? What’s wrong with me?”

“You can’t even stand still! How much did you drink at the club then?”

“No more than the rest of you! Anyway it’s not the drink making me like this. It’s…you know..my bladder! Oh fuck I can’t eat any more until I pee! Let’s go in please!”

“Race you to the ladies girls. Begs I’m first!”

But just as they dropped their chip wrappers in the bin and headed to the door of the pub it opened and out walked Max practically walking right into Becky!

*005*2022-04-23 14:40

Apologies for the delay folks. Some major demands on my time right now that were unexpected but I promise to write more asap.

*008*2022-04-23 23:45

Part 2:

“Bec….Becks?”

Becky froze staring aghast as if her entire body had turned to stone. Mags, turning on hearing the voice she’d heard so many times before, linked her arm in Becks and reached to open the now closed pub door.

“Come on Becks. You don’t owe him anything. Just ignore him!”

But Becky’s eyes were fixed on Max in shock as his eyes met hers then scanned her whole body quickly with that glint she’d known oh so well when they were together.

“You look….beautiful. It’s so…good to see you again! I didn’t mean to interrupt you on your…special night. Here allow me to hold the door for you all.”

Steph, who hadn’t said a word since arriving at the pub, and who was clearly using all her concentration to hold her bladder at bay, suddenly realised what was happening as she hobbled towards the open door.

“Oh my God! It’s him! It’s him Becks isn’t it? Mad Max or was it monster Max…who bloody cares just let’s get in and away from him eh!”

“Manipulative”

“Yes! Yes that was it Mags! God I can’t believe I forgot that! Are you coming in Becky? Come on! I need to find the ladies!”

Steph hurried through the door being held open by Max who was smiling charmingly at the girls as they each made their way past him, first Steph, then Poppy, then Mags and finally Becky who was doing all she could to avoid eye contact with Max since he’d looked right at her outside. Steph looked around anxiously before immediately heading towards the ladies on the far away wall assuming the others were following behind. Poppy raced after her, her long legs marching in urgency to release her full bladder.

Mags, the most suspicious of the group and the first to remember how they all referred to Max, looked back behind her just in time to see that the gap between her and Becky was larger than it should be and that something, or someone, was clearly holding Becky back. Looking over longingly at Poppy and Steph racing towards the ladies she paused and looked back to see Becky’s distinctive plastic crown fall from her head onto the floor. Racing back to pick it up she stood back up to hand it to Becky to find she was now nowhere around.

Looking everywhere and unable to see her she squeezed her thighs tight before pulling her mobile out and calling Steph.

“Hello? Mags? What is it? I’m just about to open the stall and pee my life away so this had better be good!”

“Steph! Who is it? You taking this stall or can I? I’m so bursting here!”

“It’s Mags! She’s lost Becky! She thinks Max has got her!”

“What? Can’t I just pee first? Oh fuck I need to go so much and it’s even worse now we’re in here.”

Steph looked longingly at the open cubicle that Poppy was just one step away from entering. Immediately she pulled on her friend’s arm.

“We’ll come right back! We can’t leave Becky! Max is trouble. Mags was right! He’s a manipulative, controlling…man! I can’t even think of the words! We’ll just make sure she’s ok then drag her back in here. Oh God I can’t believe I am actually walking out of here before I even get to wee! I’m bloody desperate too!”

“Fuck Steph! If she’s not in the pub what the fuck are we meant to do…and if I don’t get back in here in the next five minutes I’m gonna pee myself so badly! You sure I can’t just do a wee first?”

“There’s no time for that! Becky could be in danger! I can’t believe this is happening..on her hen night too!”

“Poppy! Steph! I can’t find her anywhere! I looked back when we were in the door and she just disappeared! Then I saw this on the floor but she’s just nowhere around! Should we call the police or something?”

“She might just be in the crowd somewhere? Mags you pop outside and see if there’s any sign of her, Poppy and me will search in here. Can we hurry though cause I seriously need the ladies so badly right now!”

“Me too!”

Mags turned and headed quickly to the front door looking frantically for Becky while Poppy and Steph looked everywhere inside the pub keeping each other in sight the entire time. As Mags opened the door one handed she dialled Beck’s number with the other listening as it rang and rang and rang. Scouring up and down the street in her heeled shoes and tight dress, which was even tighter over her very full bladder, she turned the corner back towards the chip shop but there was no sign of Becky or Max anywhere. Walking back towards the pub she was so busy looking and listening for any signs that she jumped when she heard Steph shouting at her from the pub door.

“Any signs of them? We can’t see anything inside at all. Maybe we should call the police?”

“I think we should. She’s not answering her phone either. Some bridesmaids we are! We’ve lost the fucking bride!”

“And I’m gonna lose the entire contents of my bladder here if I don’t go to the toilet! I’m gonna go pee and I’ll come look more in a minute. I can’t even think straight any longer!”

Mags sighed as Poppy ran back inside leaving her and Steph alone and Becky and Max nowhere to be seen as she looked at her mobile phone debating if the police would even take them seriously.

“How long do you need to be missing for before the police even get involved?”

“I was just thinking that Steph. I honestly don’t know but I have a really bad feeling about this.”

“Me too. I don’t want to leave you alone or anything right now but as soon as Poppy comes back I’m honestly going to have to go in and use the bathroom quickly. Wasn’t Becky bursting too? Maybe I’ll see her in there and this will all just be one big mistake. Maybe Poppy will come back with her laughing and we can all just go pee and we’ll forget all about this tomorrow.”

“Maybe. But as much as I want to go to the ladies too I can’t just relax and forget about Becky. Do you think Ben knew we were coming here?”

Steph crossed her legs and pressed a hand tightly into her crotch no longer caring who saw her in the street.

“I don’t know but it’s not like we actually planned on coming here was it?”

“That’s true. Oh I’m in a queue on hold for 101. I’m just going to see what they suggest. People don’t just disappear do they?”

“I suppose so. Oh come on Poppy or I’m gonna piss myself right here!”

*010*2022-04-24 08:35

{{53 minutes ago, rebeljaffa said:

Okay, I did not see that coming!

}}

That’s perfect! I love keeping an element of surprise for the reader to keep them hooked.

*013*2022-04-24 11:39

{{9 minutes ago, rebeljaffa said:

No kidding! I thought they might have a little erotic encounter but since he is so disliked I guess it's come to extremes!

}}

There were a few hints I dropped in the first chapter about how much her friends had helped her, how they referred to him as manipulative max and that her husband to be was looking to move them away. Just in case it seemed too out there lol

*015*2022-04-25 13:20

Becky followed behind her friends still in shock at seeing Max, her head a whirl and her body on fire from his earlier gaze. Their time together had been incredibly intensive both sexually and emotionally and their parting tense and difficult. Getting into another relationship soon after had, in hindsight, perhaps been a bit of a rebound thing but unlike Max Ben was secure, stable and solid, though she’d never intentionally wanted to get with Max’s best friend! That part had been one of those never spoken about things though Ben assured her that it would all be ok. Now seeing Max in the flesh for the first time since she’d left his house that last time that seemed far too simplistic and since Ben hadn’t even asked Max to be his best man there most definitely wasn’t any forgiveness or friendship now between them clearly.

Looking at the back of Mag’s denim jacket Becky took another step inside the pub only to feel her whole body being pulled backwards from one side. Turning quickly to see what was the matter Max smiled at her charmingly, pulled her back towards him by her arm sending her plastic crown flying off then whispered into her ear as he pulled her back outside.

“I just want to talk to you alone beautiful.”

Becky didn’t want to admit to herself that feeling Max’s arm around hers and hearing his gruff voice in her ear was sending her heart on fire just like it had when they first met. Of course Ben turned her on and was sweet and loving but his touch didn’t send shivers down her spine or make her heart flutter like she was having an angina attack just like she was experiencing right now. Yes Max had a more dangerous side to him but that brought with it a thrill that Ben couldn’t even try to emulate, an edge that someone as stable and gentle as Ben could never even know existed. Being with Max was like a permanent adrenaline high, whereas being with Ben was like the comfort of a warm fire on a icy cold night. One brought comfort, security and friendship the other thrill, amazing highs and orgasms like she’d never even known possible.

Max pulled Becky down the side of the pub and against the back wall away from prying ears and eyes.

“I am not going to hurt you Becky, you know that. I just couldn’t resist speaking to you and I need you to know something…”

“Max, whatever you are going to say it’s too late. In case you have forgotten this is my hen night! I get married next week. We’re over. You and me. Over. Now I really need to get back…”

But before she could finish her sentence Max leaned in pushing her against the back wall, his hands feeling her hair and body hungrily, his drunken body pushed against hers and his lips pressing tightly against Becky’s. Despite her verbal protests seconds earlier her body language now was that of a willing participant, a hungry animal, a desperate lover. Their bodies entangled, lips adjoined, hands hungrily exploring each other’s bodies like ravenous hunters devouring prey.

Becky squirmed beneath the larger body of Max as her nipples hardened suddenly, her head spinning from the alcohol and surge of hormones from the sexual intensity happening so suddenly and wonderfully. God had she missed times like this with Max. Ben only ever made love at home, in bed, always after dinner or before breakfast, always so carefully orchestrated and clean. In contrast being roughly handled, pushed against a dirty old building by a craving lustful man whose stubble rubbed against her cheek making her vagina swell and moisten like it had just dived into a warm pool, was sexual bliss and made Becky feel wanted and desired in a way Ben could never even dream of.

As Max finally pulled his lips off of Becky’s for air Becky knew she had two huge problems right now. One was that her friends would clearly be looking for her, and no doubt thinking the worst, and secondly despite being incredibly aroused by what had just gone on with Max Becky still urgently had to pee.

“I love you Becky! You know I always have. There’s never been anyone else! Fuck you do things to me you know! I’m fucking gagging now! Look baby! I’m really sorry I fucked you about. You deserved so much better. I see than now. I’ve grown up. I’m a new man. Oh come here my darling. I’ve missed you! I need you!”

“Max! Max, stop! You’re drunk and I’m tipsy! My friends will be wondering where I am and I really need to get back inside.”

Max stepped back, not a huge step just enough to look Becky from top to bottom, one hand still leaning on the wall preventing Becky from running off. Her bladder swollen and pulsating strongly Becky grabbed between her short leather miniskirt with her hand and pressed against the crotch of her black cotton and lace knickers as she fidgeted openly taking the L plate pinned to her top bounce rhythmically.

“What are you doing sugar plum? You ok?”

“Let me past please Max! I need to get back inside right now!”

Gasping and bouncing on the spot Becky looked up at her ex boyfriend sheepishly.

“Look I can’t help it ok! I’m desperate for a wee if you must know! I was just about to go in the club when it got busy and we were leaving then we went for chips on the way here then I bumped into you…”

Max’s eyes bulged in desire as his face beamed and his hard dick twitched excitedly. Reaching to touch Becky’s shoulders he stroked her hair with his fingers suggestively as he could feel his penis shake with desire.

“There’s no need to go baby. Honestly. You’re ok out here with me. You look so cute you know.”

“Aren’t you listening? Max move! Now! I’m serious! I reallyneed to pee so badly!”

Stroking her cheek gently and moving his face right up to Becky’s until their lips were almost touching again Max whispered words that made Becky gasp.

“Do it out here babe. Seriously. You’ll feel so much better then. No need to worry about anyone seeing. I’ll hide you!”

Looking right into Max’s intoxicating gorgeous hazel eyes Becky could feel her resolve melting away by the second.

“I am desperate.”

“Oh I can see that my princess. I can see that for sure.”

Their lips touched for the briefest of moments making Becky jump.

“It’s going to come out!”

Max winked in acknowledgment. “Let it happen just like it needs to. I mean sometimes you just need something so badly you have to have it don’t you?”

“It’ll be ok won’t it?”

“Of course it will my cherub. Why wouldn’t it be?”

And with that Max’s hands both strayed to the hem of Becky’s short leather skirt pulling it up clumsily in his drunken state much higher than necessary.

“Fuck you always did wear such sexy undies!”

With their faces right in front of each other, so close they could feel the other breathing Becky contorted her face as the mere act of her skirt being raised teased her bladder more than ever.

“I need this so badly!”

“There’s nothing wrong with that. So just relax sugar plum. Just go with it.”

With the skirt grasped in one fist tightly Max leaned as close to Becky as he could without falling on top of her and used his other hand to stroke Becky’s crotch over her knickers.

“You are so fucking sexy Becky! You know that?”

Poor Becky couldn’t control her body any longer as a spurt of hot pee shot out of her exhausted urethra as Max stroked harder and faster making her whole body shake.

“Don’t stop my princess. I’m really enjoying this!”

Becky sniffled and squirmed.

“I need to hold back. I shouldn’t be doing this. I’m getting married next week!”

“Oh but you want this so badly. I know you do! We both do! I bet you millions that you don’t get this much attention from Benny Boy do you? He doesn’t make you feel like this now does he?”

“Max! Stop it! I really need to go! Oh God I can’t stop this now! I can’t!”

More hot urine soaked through Becky’s knickers as Max continued biting her ear lobe and neck while stroking and exploring her through her wet panties. Becky tried but failed to keep control as Max slid his hand easily into Becky’s underwear as urine poured out of her as he stroked, caressed and inserted his fingers into Becky as she peed violently, his entire body burning and shaking with huge powerful sexual urges that he couldn’t control either.

Max now had Becky pinned against the wall once more as he let go of her short skirt and unzipped his jeans to pull out his penis clearly about to put it where his fingers had just been as Becky rocked against the wall in relief shaking and panting.

###

“Becky? Becky? We’ve called the police Becky! Becky? Can you hear us?”

The voices got louder and the sound of footsteps made both Becky and Max freeze instantly.

Pushing Max away, his penis exposed hard and ready, Becky shouted back quickly as she pushed her leather skirt back down.

“I’m ok Steph! I’m here! Just in the car park over here!”

*017*2022-04-25 19:24

{{2 hours ago, pguy69 said:

OK, so part 3 was AMAZING!

}}

Thank you! Still more to come

*019*2022-04-26 15:43

Final conclusion to this:

As the girls approached Becky and Max Max hurriedly pushed his member back into his trousers and quickly zipped up. He ached to cum but the shock of being interrupted was at least calming his hard on down somewhat, thankfully. Becky looked back at Max fleetingly before stepping towards her girlfriends as Steph ran towards her hugging her and glaring at Max.

“Are you ok Becky? Did he do anything to you?”

“I’m fine honestly. We just…”

She looked over at the obvious puddle that was running along the ground where she had previously stood.

“We em…Max just wanted to say hi but I was bursting for a wee so he stood and kept guard while I…you know….”

Mags looked aghast.

“You went outside? Oh my God Becky! That’s disgusting!”

“I couldn’t wait ok! I was really desperate!”

“What’s the problem Mags? You never went outside before?” Steph shouted, unaware she was being so loud.

“No! No I haven’t! It’s indecent and unladylike and…what on earth did you do for loo roll?”

Steph laughed as she danced with one hand pushed between her legs.

“You’ve seriously never squatted behind a bush? Oh wow! Well how about I show you exactly how it’s done! I mean I can’t even wait any longer anyway and as long as…he…doesn’t watch…oh fuck I’m going to do this! I really am! It’s that or I flood my knickers right here anyway!”

Max gazed at Becky knowingly without letting anyone see as Mags stared in shock at Steph who was now making her way towards the back wall of the building giggling and almost tripping over. She looked more drunk that she actually was with her long legs bouncing and twisting and her hand permanently in her crotch. Mags crossed her legs as her face blushed.

“Come on Steph! Let’s just go into the ladies and find Poppy. You’re making a spectacle of yourself now. I can’t believe you are doing this!”

Max felt his dick twitching again. He didn’t fancy Steph really but knowing what she was about to do and hearing her talk about it was still having a serious affect on his body. He couldn’t help it. Plus it brought back so many memories of just moments before with Becky, his hands still damp and smelling of her urine and mucus. This wasn’t helping his need to cum one bit and he could feel his hard on throbbing once again in his jeans. He knew he should look away but he just couldn’t. None of them could as Steph, intoxicated from so much alcohol and with a bladder so full she looked pregnant, preceded to lean her bottom against the wall of the pub while she laughed and pulled her mini skirt up, and to everyone’s shock her knickers down, crouched, almost falling, as she leaned back against the wall with her back and splattered hard on the ground on her bum!

“I need help! I can’t get up and I’m peeing! Mags, Becky! Come help me!”

Becky laughed as she rushed towards her friend to help her up but Mags stood with her mouth open staring not moving. Realising Mags wasn’t going to help Max tentatively headed towards Steph to help her up instead. Taking an arm each Becky and Max pulled Steph up from the ground as she continued peeing fast soaking her sandals, her knickers and the ground beneath her. Steph laughed loudly like this was somehow the funniest thing she’d ever done as she turned and looked Max right in the face.

“Oh God that feels so much better! I think I did a wee wee don’t you!”

Max looked at Becky not sure what to say as they pulled Steph up to standing again then kept her steady while she leaned against the wall. Steph stood there with her knickers now at her ankles and now floating in her pool of pee attached to her feet. Without saying a word she stepped out of the white material and clumsily started walking back towards Mags.

“That’s…that’s not really how you em…how it’s usually done but when you gotta go you gotta go…don’t you Becky! Right girls let’s go inside and find Poppy. Max leave Becky alone! Becky…Becky come with us. I need a drink I do.”

Steph fumbled along the side of the pub as Mags ran to help her leaving Becky and Max walking behind.

“That’s the last thing she needs. So when’s the big day then?”

“Emmm…a week today.”

As Steph and Mags opened the pub door to go look for Poppy Max once again pulled Becky back, though this time much gentler and lovingly.

“Are you sure you are doing the right thing Becky?”

“What? By finishing my hen night with my girlfriends?”

“No! By marrying Ben. You do know he’s been married before right?”

As Becky pulled the door open to head inside her brain slowly processed what Max had just said. Standing with the door open and one foot inside Becky looked back at Max. She didn’t know Ben had been married before but was Max just saying this or was it really true?

“No I didn’t. But does that matter? He’s not with her now is he?”

“Do you actually know that for sure?”

“Of course I do! He’s at his parents tonight!”

“Ok. Whatever you say. But whatever you choose Becky I’ll never stop loving you you know. Never. I made some really crap decisions and said some stupid stuff but you…you have always been the one and tonight…”

He nodded towards the back of the building.

“I’ll never forget that either. Never!”

Becky blushed remembering how she felt moments earlier being kissed by Max and having his fingers inside her while she released the full contents of her bladder. Looking at the ground she whispered as she walked into the pub.

“Me neither.”

Max watched as she disappeared inside as he stared at the closed doors for a minute before walking away.

###

Inside the Maiden Voyage pub Becky looked around for her friends as she heard someone calling her.

“Oh Becky I’m so glad you are ok! Fancy seeing Max here! He’s trouble he is. Sorry I didn’t come out to find you. I had to use the ladies so badly! But you’re here now and that’s what matters.”

“Have Mags and Steph found you yet?”

“Yeah! They are sitting over there. I’ve been sent to get the drinks again! What do you fancy?”

“I think I’ll just have soda water and lime if that’s ok!”

“Right. Catch you with the others in a bit.”

Becky headed towards Mags and Steph noticing immediately that Mags was sitting at the edge of the corner seat looking tense. Steph looked more relaxed still giggling to herself.

“You both ok? I saw Poppy heading to the bar. I think we should call it a night after this round don’t you?”

“Spoil sport!” Steph chimed but Mags nodded quietly. Becky slid beside her onto the corner cushioned seat looking at her anxiously.

“You ok? Did you guys really call the police?”

“I did but the queue to get an answer was taking far too long so I hung up in the end. Listen would you mind if I called myself a taxi and left this round?”

“Is this about what Steph did?”

“Sort of.”

Mags fidgeted on the seat before putting her arm around her stomach. As Steph checked her phone and laughed at something else Becky whispered quietly to Mags.

“If it makes it any better I don’t think she’ll remember it tomorrow do you? So did you get a chance to go to the loo yourself?”

Mags shook her head and blushed.

“Oh God! You must be dying to go Mags! Want me to come with you?”

“I don’t really like pub toilets to be honest. I’d rather go at home.”

“Then you’d better call that taxi I reckon.”

“You sure you don’t mind?”

“Not at all. I hope there’s not a long wait.”

“Me neither! Oh by the way I called your phone too but it just rang out. You had me worried.”

“Oh. I mustn’t have heard it. Look there’s Poppy! You call yourself a cab and I’ll see you at the dress rehearsal on Friday night?”

Mags nodded as she looked at her phone and pressed an app.

“20 minutes wait. Oh.”

“Will you make it Mags?”

Mags blushed and shrugged. Becky looked at her sympathetically. She knew just how badly she’d had to go not that long ago and Mags had had every bit as much to drink too. She’d also just witnessed her friend peeing outside which wouldn’t have helped. She looked so desperate sitting at the edge of the seat biting her lips anxiously.

It would be a long twenty minutes watching her friends drinking.

At least it gave Becky something else to think about other than Max. As hen nights go this was one she definitely wouldn’t forget!

*021*2022-04-26 19:26

{{1 hour ago, New_Macca said:

What an amazing story and I am excited to see how Mags gets on, she has done brilliantly to outlast her friends and hide her need but she must be at her limit

}}

That will be left for the reader as this was the final chapter on this one new story soon!

