The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition)

Author: Markj9494

*013*2020-01-02 02:29

Chapter 4

Scarlet couldn’t help but feel slightly glad for Katy's sudden and noisy accident, as all eyes and cameras turned to watch the torrent of liquid spreading rapidly across the floor. It gave her the chance she needed to hold herself and despite the discomfort of hearing over two litres hitting the hard concrete floor at speed, a gentle squeeze of her crotch through her Jeans helped take the edge off. Losing that final round had almost tripled the amount of water inside her and Scarlet was starting to struggle with the increase in pressure.

Her confidence had taken a hit, even though she was sure she could hold much more she was doubting her ability to win all the same. But then, as Katy entered the second minute of continually peeing, Scarlet's bladder started to calm and she again felt in control of her body. Now aware of a heavy weight of water inside her, accompanied by a certain tenseness of her muscles that wasn't there at the start of the round. But taking a deep breath and standing straight she removed her hand and took her spot at the podium.

Many of the other contestants were still watching the spectacle Katy was providing for them and audiences around the world, many awe struck by how much she had contained. Taking a look around Olivia was hoping to gauge where everyone was, but only Claudia and Scarlet seemed to have been effected by the last round. Unsurprisingly it was scarlet that looked the worst off, she had lost the last round and had therefore been filled up the most. In her head Olivia was trying to keep tabs on everyone and their intake, she currently put herself in joint second for the fullest bladder. Although the true capacities of the other contestants were unknown to her, she needed to step up her game if she didn't want to follow Katy in making a rather large but finally ending puddle.

Although she had to admit to herself, there was something was starting to excite her about the challenge that lay in front of her and the other women.

“So with one contestant down and one massive puddle up, lest continue with round five which is on current events.”

Olivia nodded at hearing this, Just what she needed. As her speciality this round was hers to win and should hopefully level the playing field a bit.

Question one starting with Olivia, Which company executive was fired this month after safety concerns and mismanagement of the 737 Max airliner in 2018 and 2019?

“Dennis Mullenberg”

“Correct”...

Similarly to round two, this set of questions on current events went as expected with a reasonably high scoring round and another £1,150 where Olivia blazed the way. Despite a series of difficult questions she aced the round with no mistakes and also banking the most money. Unfortunately for Scarlet, a tricky question about Japanese politics tripped her up one time too many, meaning that yet again she was the weakest link. To Scarlet it was what she feared, two rounds in a row on subjects she want strong on. She cursed herself for feeling glee at watching Katy suffer, it was as if the karmic gods had taken exception to her. Despite this, while she may not have been strong in those rounds academically, she was sure of one part of her body that was plenty strong enough to hold out a little bit longer.

Knowing the problems she had last time, all pretence of trying to be stealthy about holding herself disappeared. As soon as the round ended, she had closed her eyes, slowed her breathing and held herself openly. She stood there tightly gripping her crotch, waiting for the switch to be thrown and another 575ml coarse through the catheter device and into her bladder. Thankfully her bladder had seemingly gone back normal during the round, after stretching to accommodate the new liquid. A feat she was hoping it would repeat now, as the strange sensation of her bladder filling from within started again. Her mind entered a state of meditation as she concentrated solely on her breathing, In...and out..... Despite this, she could feel her ever filling, ever stretching and the now increasingly heavy weight of her bladder straining against her jeans and consciousness.

It took about 30 seconds to fill Scarlet with the extra half a litre, an eternity compared to the 10 seconds the other contestants felt as the tiniest of amounts was added to their internal tanks. Most of women were starting to feel the need to pee, but now with the pumps tuned off they started watching Scarlet with interest. As the oldest of the group many had expected her to be the first one out, but her knowledge had given her a strong start. Current events had proven to be her Achilles heel and not banking tactically to protect herself the round before were coming back to haunt her. But the others watched as she slowly opened her eyes and straightened her back. She looked surprisingly calm, although there was a clear bulge visible above her jeans, but it was nothing compared to what they had seen coming from Katy’s stomach.

It would appear the game was set to continue.

“Round 6 will be on popular culture” announced the host as the contestants in various stages of desperation took to their podiums. Some now stood with legs crossed, Claudia was now gently swaying her legs while Scarlet appeared to have one hand in her Jeans pockets, permanently applying pressure where it was needed.

“Starting with Scarlet, Which cult TV show from the 1990's, featuring David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, was resurrected in 2016?

“X files”

“Correct", Scarlet breathed a sigh of relief, although her bladder wasn't calming as quick as it had done last round.

"Alex who is Beyonce married too?”

“Jay Z”

“Correct, “Bank”

“Amanda, which is the oldest Kardashian?”

“Khloe?”

“Incorrect its Kourtney, Claudia Which actor made his debut as James Bond in the film Casino Royale in 2006?”

“Daniel Craig,” she hadn’t seen him in a film before that, but had a massive crush on him afterwards, something about his accent and stern expression.

“Correct, Olivia which celebrity couple famously separated in September 2016?”

“Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie.”

“Correct, Scarlet Which hugely popular American TV comedy follows the lives of Jay Pritchett and his family?”

“Modern Family”

“Correct, Alex In which city where the 2016 summer Olympics held?”

“Rio" – she had been there, although not when the Olympics was on.

“Correct, Amanda, Howard Wolowitz is a character from which popular U.S. TV show?”

“The big bang theory”

“Correct, Claudia Who topped the Billboard charts with the single "Love Yourself" in February, 2016?”

“Justin Bieber”

“Correct, Olivia, The character Jar Jar Binks first appears in which of the Star Wars movies?”

“The Phantom Menace.”

“Correct, Scarlet Who won the 2016 Grammy for Album of the Year with the album "1989"

It had taken its time, but Scarlet was glad to feel her bladder starting to settle again. Thankfully it hadn’t messed up any of her answers yet and all the contestants seemed to be on a roll.

“Taylor Swift”

“Correct, Alex Which leading fashion designer was found dead in his London home in February, 2010?”

“Alexander McQueen.” She was a bit taken aback by the bluntness of the question.

“Correct, Amanda”

“Bank”

“Which song topped the Billboard charts for 14 consecutive weeks in 2015?”

“Uptown Funk”

“Correct, Claudia In the Ice Age movies, what is the name of the woolly mammoth?”

“Manny”

“Correct and we are half way through, Olivia Which member of the boy band One Direction left the band in March, 2015?"

“Zayn Malik”

“Correct, Scarlet Who won the 2019 Best Actor Oscar?

“Rami Malek” He was good in Mr robot too.

“Correct, back to Alex, Which actor plays the role of Captain Jack Sparrow in the Pirates of the Caribbean movies?”

“Johnny Depp”

“Correct, Amanda, Kim Sears married which leading British sports star in April, 2015?”

“Andy Murray”

“Correct, Claudia In which medical TV drama was the unconventional lead character played by Hugh Laurie”

“House MD” She’d had a bit of a crush on him too. Maybe she just had a thing for slightly grumpy looking British men?

“Correct, Olivia How old was Leanne Rimes when she released her first single “Blue?”

“13”

“Correct, Scarlet Who produced and performed in the 1989 Batman soundtrack that included the hits “Batdance” and “Partyman”?

“Prince”

“Correct 30 seconds left," “Bank"

"Alex who wrote Jurassic Park?”

“Michael Crichton”

“Correct, Amanda Who was Kim Kardashian’s second husband?”

“Kris Humphries” A fact that she too was not sure she knew where she got it from.

“Correct, Claudia”

“Bank”

“How old is Tom Hanks?”

“63” "Correct" “Bank”

And finally the buzzer went, it had felt like a speed round, with mainly one or two word answers they had managed to ace the round!

“Well, Ladies I think its safe to say that is one of the highest round scores we have ever seen on this show at £2,120. In fact I think that’s in the top 3 all-time scores so you guys should feel proud of your selves. Alex is again the strongest link and despite being such a great round, sadly there does have to be a weakest link and this round that was Amanda, with the only wrong answer that round.”

Amanda had completely forgotten about her wrong answer, she got a big bank in and had thought she was safe. She glanced at the container in the middle of the stage, more than 2.1 litres of water stood ready to be disseminated amongst them, but half of which was for her. Just the thought made her stomach do a flip and her knees feel weak, she watched a droplet of condensation mockingly slide down the cold metal and drop onto the floor as if a harbinger of what was about to come. She was winning, by far in the lead and now in one round she would be right there with them. Maybe even worse off than some. Her head suddenly became hazy as if was struggling to understand what had just happened, how could her chances of winning disappear so quickly? To her dismay and discomfort,as she was contemplating her downfall the pumps turned on and for both Amanda and Scarlet it felt as if someone had turned a tap on inside them full force.

Scarlet was already feeling sorry for herself and had resumed the previous rounds pose that had worked so well, but this time it seemed to prove to much as she grunted in effort and hunched over as the water poured in. But it was nothing compared to what Amanda was feeling, she had been doing so well with only about 500ml in her so far. Just 500ml, slowly added over time and amounting to something that for someone like her was no effort to contain. But in 30 seconds a full 1060ml was pumped full steam into her bladder. Amanda and the audience looked down at her abdomen and saw her bladder expanding in front of their eyes. The relatively loose blazer and pants combo suddenly becoming taught as her stomach was suddenly twice as big. Her heavy breathing quickly gave way to low grunting noises as the exertion started to take its toll.

Amanda's bladder was now clearly visible, pressing out of her stomach and threatening to break through the buttons of her suit pants. Her eyes closed and jaw clenched she continued to make strange grunting noises, wincing slightly as her waistband dug into her. Still the pump filled her, she felt her bladder stretching to, and perhaps slightly beyond it’s capacity. She fought to remain calm, it was just the speed she was being filled that had caught her off guard, nothing more. But even as the pump finally stopped, the guttural noises she was making continued.

Suddenly, she felt it, the slightest warm sensation between her legs. she quickly grabbed her womanhood with both hands, Amanda had leaked, but only she knew that. A small crack had appeared in the dam of what was to come, but somehow, by some miracle she stemmed the tide and even managed to remove her hands. For the audience and other contestants it was easy to see the effort her muscles were under, by the amount of sweat now forming on her brow. She looked down again to see the ridiculous bulge now in her midriff where 40 seconds ago, only a slide bump was present. This is absurd she thought to herself, she was so full it was starting to hurt. The seconds ticked by, with many waiting for the telltale pattering noise to signal she had lost it all, but despite discomfort Amanda slowly grabbed her podium ready for the next round. Her white knuckles and clenched jaw the only signs of the trouble she was in.

Current totals:

Alex: 647ml

Amanda: 1,559ml

Claudia: 963ml

Olivia: 1,155ml

Scarlet: 1,846 ml

Katy: 2069ml – 6th place

Amanda went from most empty to 2nd place in fullness, but will the speed of it take its toll. Alex and Claudia are now in the strongest positions, with a couple of good rounds for them both. But Who will win in the end?

*016*2020-01-05 02:58

Chapter 5: The long game

As the five remaining women stood on their podiums waiting for the start of round 7, only Alex and Claudia seemed calm. Scarlet and Amanda were besides themselves in desperation, their legs constantly shifting and the occasional moan or whimper escaped from between their pursed lips. Olivia was in a solid third place as things stood, looking at her bladder there was a definite bulge accompanied by a strong need to pee. As she looked on to the struggling duo of Scarlet and Amanda, her confidence grew and so did her curiosity, Just how much could and would she be able to hold? would her strong bladder mean she could out play Alex and Claudia in the long run? Her mind began running through a number of scenarios, like a computer programme trying to predict the most likely path to victory.

Amanda shuddered, the still warm and wet patch between her legs a constant reminder of how close she as to a catastrophic failure, but it was the sudden onslaught of water was taking its toll on Amanda but know it had stopped she was holding strong. Meanwhile Scarlet was now stood with her legs crossed and both hands permanently pressing between her legs, as if shoring up a breaking river bank. Neither of the women looked confident, but all that can change in one round

“Round seven and we are back to starting with you Alex, the topic is Geography”

“So, 3 minutes on the clock starting now, Alex What river runs through Baghdad?

“Uh….” She was stumped, why would she know about rivers in the Middle East? “Pass” Not the best start. Hearing that word made Olivia perk up, her eyes narrowing as if she had chosen her target, one of the women in the lead had made a mistake and now she just needed to make sure Alex paid for it.

“Amanda, What is Earth's largest continent?”

“Asia”

“Correct, Claudia, What is the only sea without any coasts?”

“Sargasso Sea”

“Correct, Olivia What is the driest place on Earth?”

“McMurdo Dry Valleys in Antactica.” Thank you National Geographic

“Correct, Scarlet In what country can you visit Machu Picchu?”

She had been praying for an easy question now most of her concentration was now spent keeping her legs as tightly knotted as possible and preventing her dam from breaking and flooding the stage with what felt like gallons of pent up pee. For her, this was one.

“Correct, Alex Which African nation has the most pyramids”

“Tunisia”

“Correct, Amanda, What is the oldest city in the world?”

“Damascus” Although the stage was in serious risk of becoming the lost city of Atlantis if her bladder got its way. The sharp pain she had felt since the water was added was becoming more dull, but the absolute need to pee was still ever present.

“Claudia, Which U.S. state has the most active volcanoes?”

“Uh…maybe Alaska?”

“Correct, Olivia”

“Bank”

“What is the largest country on the Arabian Peninsula?”

“Saudi Arabia”

“Correct, Scarlet, “What is the flattest continent?”

Flattest continent? how do you measure that? She had to physically pause and think, one wrong answer could be all it would take. In the end It didn't matter how much money they made if she wasn't going to win it. Taking a deep breath Scarlet closed her eyes and appeared almost as if she was shifting the pee out of the way of her brain. Well mount Everest is in Asia, there are loads of mountains in Europe and Machu Picchu that she just talked about is in south america so.. "North America?"

“Incorrect, Alex What continent is located at Latitude 90° S Longitude 0.00°?”

“Uh…..wait that’s got to be Antarctica at 0 right?”

“Correct, Amanda What is the tallest mountain in the world?”

Another easy one “Mt Everest” she said through gritted teeth as a spasm ripped through her bulging bladder. It was the first and she hoped the last, especially as the water was supposed to not cause them to begin with. Another dribble of pee had made its way out, re dampening her silk underwear that while a fashionable and provocative choice, she now wished she had worn something more absorbent.

“Correct, Claudia What city is the capital of Australia?”

“Canberra”

“Correct, Olivia, “Riyadh is the capital of what Middle-Eastern country?”

Despite a full bladder, it was Olivia's mind that was burning, using her energy to keep track of the goings and comings of this round. She knew that if she wanted to confirm her place as strongest link she should bank. But Scarlet and Alex were now tied as weakest link, it was a risk for her not to bank but scarlet needed it more than her, or more precisely Olivia needed to fill Alex up as much as possible to giver her a chance of winning. “Kingdom of Saudi Arabia”

“Correct, Scarlet"

"Bank" She had done it, well as long as this question wasn't to hard. "What country is home to Kangaroo Island?”

She was in so much discomfort she could barely think, but it had to be Australia right? “Australia”

“Correct, Alex, What is the deepest point in Earth's oceans?”

“Mariana Trench”

“Correct, Amanda, What mountain is nicknamed the "Savage Mountain"?

“K2”

“Correct, Claudia, What country occupies the southern end of the Arabian Peninsula?

“Yemen”

“Correct”

“Bank”

“Olivia what….and the buzzer has gone.”

Neither Amanda or Scarlet appeared to either notice or care the round was over. Bother women were now hunched over, hands in crotch and eyes closed and for anyone watching It didn’t look like either would make it much longer. It also wasn’t about to get any better for them, but somehow with a little help from Olivia and despite their pre-occupations with not wetting themselves in front of a live studio audience, neither were the weakest link. “Alex you are the weakest link, while Olivia you are this rounds strongest link” A statement that made her feel much more relaxed as she smirked to herself and looked across as Alex, her plan was working. The need to pee was starting to become more pressing for Olivia, so getting a round off was defiantly what she needed right now.

As the cameras raised away from them, only one thing was certain, more liquid was defiantly not what either Scarlet or Amanda needed. "A total of £1750 was won that round, another impressive total ladies that means your overall prize pot stands at an equally impressive £9,990" The total came up in front of the podiums, as if taunting those who were desperate and showing them how much money they would loose if they couldn't control their bladders. Something that on an ordinary day was no problem for any of the women on the stage, but this was no ordinary day. A fact that was reinforced to them as the pumps turned on and their bladders began filling again.

All the women except Olivia clutched at their heavy bladders, the buttons on Amanda's suit pants were beginning to strain against the pressure, pulled taught across her midriff. Scarlet's jeans were not so forgiving, not moving or giving even an inch more than they already had. Her bladder was now painfully constricted by the denim prison compacting more liquid than she had ever had inside her. As the water poured in, both began grunting again with effort, the sweat of exertion beginning to drip off Amanda's face. Her hair looked matted and the suit slightly preposterous due to the extra large bulge in her midriff that was her bladder. Both women were a sight, clenching everything as hard as possible and trying their best not to explode where they stood. Finally, the water going into all four women stopped.

Scarlet wasn't even sure if she was conscious anymore, light headed from all the panting it was if time had slowed down. She could hear her own ragged breaths as the effort to control her bladder took its toll, but that's all it was effort. As if hit by an epiphany, the blonde haired woman stood with wide eyes, all she had to do was put in the effort and she would win. She looked at the other women, all younger than her and none with kids. They didn't no the meaning of the word effort and with this realisation she slowed her breathing and regained her composure. However, her hands remained firmly clenched to her womanhood through her jeans, she might be feeling more confident but every little helps.

Amanda was having no such luck, her mind was blank expect for the agony she was feeling from her bladder. As soon as the water had started so had the pulsing, wave after wave of dull radiating pain was now shooting across her stomach as it grew. With her eyes closed she thought she could see the pulses in the darkness of her mind, each one a battering ram against the walls of her bladder. The only thing that kept her going was her determination to beat Scarlet, she opened her eyes in dismay as she watched her nearest rival appear to regain the composure she had lost more than two rounds ago.

How! she cried to herself, to Amanda she has looked ready to explode but now she seemed far calmer. Her Abdomen! it wasn't anywhere near as bloated as her was, she was cheating she had to be? or maybe it was the drugs they had said, maybe they take time to kick in after all. Amanda had won the first two rounds, so she hadn't been exposed to them as soon as Scarlet, that had to be. If she could survive another round, maybe then they would start working and she would be back in the running. It had to be..... just one more round.

"With all our contestants set to continue, we will move onto round 8 and its chosen topic of animals"

"Amanda, the fur of what animal shares the light transmitting properties of modern fibre optic cables?"

She had only half heard the question, but she was completely sure she didn't know. She had to accept it, she was going to be the weakest link but if she could make it then the sedatives would kick in and she could concentrate on the next round and take back control of this game. But for now "Pass".

"The answer was Polar bear"

Amanda wasn't the only one worried by the bad start, Olivia was still trying to game the system and she needed both of these desperate women to do their best and Alex and Claudia to do their worst. But if they were to weak and desperate, Olivia would have to do it for them. For the next two and a half minutes, Olivia counted every bank, every right and wrong answer all in her game of bladder chess. She was lucky, despite the first wrong answer from Amanda, both her and Scarlet held their own from then on in.

A wrong answer from Claudia in the second round of questions gave her hope and despite being on maximum money for her question she didn't bank, something Scarlet thankfully did and it was even followed by a quick bank from Amanda that left her and Olivia feeling much better. As the 20 second mark passed, Claudia answered her question correctly but didn't bank and Olivia knew she had her. Scarlet was still in front with banking and had so far got nothing wrong, even if she was to make a mistake, Claudia would still be the weakest link.

"20 seconds, Olivia, Keratin is a protein present in human hair, but what animal is illegally poached for an alternate product made of the same protein chain?"

Wait what?

This wasn't part of her plan, she had aced it until now and played the perfect game. She had to answer, maybe by some miracle it would get back to Alex and she would get one wrong. "Pass"

It didn't, Scarlet got hers correct and just as it moved onto Alex the buzzer sounded and the lights came up. Olivia's plan had failed and in the worst way.

"Congratulations, another round complete. There were a couple of difficult questions in there, but you guys still managed to bank £1,180. Scarlet was for the first time in a while the strongest link, while opposite to last round Olivia you are the weakest link."

Neither Olivia or Scarlet could believe their luck, but for totally opposite reasons. Olivia was furious with herself, her game had been ruined by her own incompetence. Maybe she was over thinking this, was she working the wrong way around? should she instead be focusing on winning rounds and leaving those too full of pee to concentrate to their own demise. If she hadn't have helped them both, she wouldn't be taking in another 590ml and her chances of winning would still be in tact. No, she still didn't doubt her ability to win but it might be less comfortable now. No, now it would be nothing but hardball from Olivia.

She grimaced as the pumps turned on, the water flowing freely into her bladder she looked down and watched her bladder visibly stretch. This was the price she would pay for wrong answers, she was in control and this was her penalty. A masochistic side looked on relishing the increased pressure and tightness of her skin as she took stock of the consequences of her mistake and hoped it would teach her not to do it again.

Amanda hissed through her teeth as more water was added to her already at capacity bladder, she was done for. The hot sweats and flashes of pain intensified as the pump turned on, no longer sure if the wet spot between her legs was from yet more leaks or the sweat that she was now covered with. Her face portrayed the true extent of the effort, pain etched across it as the over inflated balloon of her bladder threatened to explode at any moment. Her sheer willpower was impressive to behold, many had thought she would have popped last round, and yet there she stood pushing past her capacity.

Amanda's Hair now clung to her damp face, with eyes almost wincing alongside every pulse from her bladder, she stood in defiance with legs crossed and hands now pressing firmly on her crotch. For many in the audience, this was by far the most any contestant had put them through physically but then again this game wasn't over. Amanda didn't move or react as the pump turned off, her skin was pale as if all the blood had rushed to her face which was red with anguish.

Just as it had been when watching Katy, Scarlet was watching Amanda sure that it was her future held. The rounds where she was the strongest link used to take the edge off both physically and mentally, but now even as her pump remained still her bladder throbbed.The doubts started to creep back, this time with a new tactic. Instead of making her feel like she couldn't do it, she was now starting to question if it was worth the effort. All the pain and discomfort she now felt would only keep on getting worse, even without the added water from a round she could feel her muscles tiring. The despair of watching Amanda, more rounds, more water and the voices in her head overcame her new found confidence. She didn’t know if she had a chance of winning and defiantly wasn’t willing to put up with the pain she was being caused, despite the nice pot of cash at the end.

“Im sorry, I just cant do it any more. I’ve had 2 kids but this is too much for me.”

Slowly Scarlet walked forward letting out a big sigh as the pee started to pour out of her jeans. The light blue colour giving way to dark wet denim, the patch spreading rapidly across the entire front and back of her pants, due to the force it was being ejected from her tired body. Scarlet closed her eyes, enjoying the warm sensation as litres of pee left her body, She almost felt as if she was meditating. Her bladder slowly emptied over the next two minutes, leaving a gigantic puddle where she once stood, pee was over flowing from her shoes which had done their best to contain the flood before being completely overwhelmed. The stage was drenched and so was Scarlet, but she didn’t care. As the audience started to applaud, she too followed in the wet trail of Katy some minutes before, but looking farm more relieved. After all she had chosen her fate, not her body and that was something to hold onto.

Once she had finished calmly peeing an ocean onto the stage, all eyes turned to Amanda expecting her to follow suit. Amanda was now panting in effort of holding on, legs double knotted into a form of pee containing pretzel. The noise of Scarlet's accident had sent all signals to her brain to make her release but some how she had survived the two minute ordeal. With the latest edition of yet more water her suit pants now looked like they were about to burst open at any moment, never mind her bladder. That too was rebelling, full to capacity and spasming despite the drugs, through gritted teeth, Amanda got ready for the next round much to the amazement of all in the studio. Barely able to stand, covered in sweat and a bladder so stretched it looked like it was about to break out of her clothing she signalled she was ready.

“Well looks like we are down to our final 4, and now is time for round 9 which is on music”

This was Alex's speciality and despite feeling worse for ware after being the weakest link earlier, she was suddenly feeling better about her chances, she eyed Olivia and Claudia. Both appeared confident although they were also both bouncing and fidgeting, giving away their hidden need to pee. She caught Olivia's gaze who seemingly realised she was giving away her need more than she intended too and quickly stopped shuffling her legs. Olivia hated to admit it, but that last round had really filled her bladder up and she was really starting to struggle. But she was sure she could outlast Claudia and Amanda, it was just Alex she had to think about, but when it came down to it she was sure her bladder was stronger. Alex had only gotten to where she was because of her intelligence, when it was down to just them it would be Olivia's bladder that came out on top.

The lights came down and the contestants readied themselves for the next round.

Alex was clearly in her element quickly answering and banking her answers. Meanwhile, Amanda was having no such luck, missing two questions that seemed easy to Alex and many of the others. The need to pee was now so great it was overwhelming her ability to hear and respond to simple questions. Her breaths were short and raspy, her hands firmly clenched between her legs and her eyes almost always closed. She was now rocking gently forwards and backwards, as if the motion helped keep her waters at bay. But two minutes into the round and during a question on the beetles that the inevitable happened, a short gasp filled the room. followed by a splattering noise that quickly stopped.

Somehow she had squirted again, this time a lot more and everyone including the cameras had seen. Amanda screwed herself up even tighter, almost whistling with effort, the sweat was pouring from her, until finally something else started to pour out of her. It was like someone had turned on a fire hose the speed and ferocity that it shot out of her once clean pant suit legs. Gushing forth and meeting together in a frothing puddle on the stage, the wetness overcoming the vice light grip she had on her crotch and shooting out from between the interlocked fingers. The effort and force making Amanda involuntarily moan and grunt as the lakes of pee she had worked so hard to contain came flooding out in one ferocious torrent.

“Im sorry,...urgh... I just... couldn’t hold it anymore” she breathed out, Her grunts slowly turning to moans of pleasure, as she stood there peeing with tremendous force into her once neat clothes. She felt in a way that she had never done before, in absolute bliss and with no contact being made. Despite having almost as much as the others, the speed at which it came out of her meant her pee lasted only 30 seconds, yet the puddle was just as big, if not bigger and combining with the still warm puddle Scarlet had just left.

Amanda stood there, coming down from her almost silent orgasm like state, legs quivering in pleasure and tiredness, not caring about who witnessed it. Wondering if the pain was worth it, if it always felt this good, or would it be better with more? She was soaking wet, not an inch of her pants escaped the downpour, droplets of pee had even splashed up onto her top and podium due to the force. Her pants, once stretched to their limit were now loose again, the stitching on the top button even fraying slightly due to the immense pressure placed on it by her previously bulging bladder.

Her cheeks flushed as she regained her position on the stage, sheepishly avoid eye contact with anyone just as Katy had done and following the still expanding trail left by Scarlet and off the stage.

Meanwhile...

As Amanda’s torrent began and her assent into bliss took over, the host switched to Claudia, the timer still running and questions still being asked. Despite being a little put off by the show going on in front of them, the remaining contestants still managed a respectable £1,250. But as the round ended and Amanda left the stage, it started to sink in. Since there were just 3 of them and Alex was the clear strongest link, what would happen now?

“So, after that round Alex was the clear winner, while Amanda was the Weakest. However due to the fact she did not make it to the end of the round, the next weakest link was Claudia”

Claudia looked shocked, her and Olivia had almost stopped competing with each other to maximise the amount they won in the knowledge of Amanda being the weak link. Now she was beginning to regret letting Olivia bank more. ”However since we are not at the final 3 stage, there is no weakest link, but the strongest link still doesn’t have to take any water, its simply split evenly between both other contestants” Both women looked at each other, unsure what to say or do and then suddenly the all to familiar feeling of water entering their bladders began. 625ml is a fairly normal amount to hold and have a full bladder, but three times that is something very few were even capable of experiencing.

Both women doubled over simultaneously, clutching their ever distending bladders as more and more water was unceremoniously pumped into them. The 30 seconds felt like an eternity, but it was soon over and both women were able to stand, carefully. Olivia’s slim, almost petite body did nothing to hide her now bulging bladder, filled with more pee than she could remember holding. It looked like someone had slipped a small grape fruit down her dress, her otherwise flat features obscured by a dense hot ball of pee.

While on the other hand, Claudia look down to see a much smaller bump but that was new to her. She had never been one to show any evidence of having a full bladder, no bulges or bumps even when at her most desperate. But now, she could see a clear and defined bulge where her bladder is, the realisation of her fullness making her situation feel more desperate as Claudia started to pee dance on the spot. Many of the others had opted for the stand still and wait approach, but apparently for her, it was dancing and constant gyrating that helped keep the pee at bay.

The final 3 (Current standings)

Alex: 1,544ml

Claudia: 2,135ml

Olivia: 2,370ml

Amanda: 2,106 - 4th place

Scarlet: 2,196 ml – 5th place

Katy: 2,069ml – 6th place

Hopefully I did the plights of Amanda and Scarlet justice. Sorry I couldn't continue to toy with then but in the end, someone has to win.

*020*2020-01-05 21:52

{{39 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

Wow, what an awesome story!

Just one small thing: In chapter 2 Kathy states: " . Looking around, some of the others were staring to look needy, with less than a third of what she had in her. "

That's with around 300ml for the others - and now everyone is holding more then Kathy did when she burst.

It's small, but it just seems off and unplausible.

}}

Hi, thanks for reading and the complement. yeah, I think I over stated it at the beginning a bit. I wasnt sure how much I would end up with them all having to contain. There is something coming at the end of the story that might explain it, or at least I could pretend it would. But at the same time it was just my bad writing / plot hole (if this counts as plot). I didn't want it to seem like I was solely focusing on Katy (Which I sort of was).

{{16 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Another amazing chapter this story is such a great read

}}

Thank you!

{{On 12/29/2019 at 8:20 AM, TBN93 said:

I'd love to read more chapters and I really like the idea! Was it inspired by Bound2burst?

}}

Hey, thanks for reading and not consciously at least haha, I had totally forgotten about that video until now. It was weirdly inspired by me half watching an episode of Dr.Who on boxing day, in which they go into the not to distant future and the show this is based on is still going. For what ever reason my mind wandered and I started to think about the premise of this story. But yeah, im now realising there really isn't such thing as an original idea, he even had a better name for it too.

{{16 hours ago, Dtravis said:

Another great chapter with nice intense desperation! Looking at volumes Claudia and Olivia holding, it looks like we're getting down to not only luckiest and smartest ones, but also to ones with strongest bladders. Looking forward to see how they're going to keep it in further, and how much they can hold before it's over for each of them.

}}

Yes that is defiantly the case, the true power houses with bladder of steel and minds to match. Luck has still had its part to play, both good and bad. But thanks for the compliments it means a lot.

*021*2020-01-09 11:20

Chapter 6: Cocktail’s for Dogs.

“Lets not keep our ladies waiting any longer than we need too, so let’s continue with round 10, History.”

The three remaining women looked at each other, no one seemingly that confident but all determined to do their best. They had all come so far and now it was the final stretch. While her knowledge of history was limited, Olivia’s confidence was at an all-time high. Despite being the most full she had made it to the final three and her clearly bulging bladder had managed to find the extra room she needed. The pain that had been present immediately after being the weakest link a couple of rounds ago was now a dull ache that could be ignored, but something in the back of her mind was telling her something wasn’t quite right.

Round 10 went as the lack of confidence had implied, their lowest scoring round to date. Maybe it was because there were less of them, or possibly because each girl was now nearing her bladders maximum. With a few wrong answers here and there, they only managed to accumulate just £860, a fair amount but nothing compared to their earlier rounds.

Claudia was beyond worrying about the money though, she just wanted to win and win quickly because things were starting to get out of hand. Halfway through the round she had felt a slight dribble escape her overfull bladder. Luckily she was wearing a skirt, but she didn’t think it would have been enough to be visible anyway. It was more the worrying fact that her tired muscles had started to fail, that was causing her current distress. Through the round she had continued to pee dance, now with one hand between her legs and the other cupping her bladder through her green top, as if trying to help carry the weight of it. Using various breathing exercises or full on pee dancing, all three remained dry through the round.

“So, not history buffs then I take it?, well based on the amount banked it is Olivia that comes out on top this round, sorry ladies.”

Alex and Claudia were both pacing as much as their podiums allowed, waiting for the water to enter them. Even though they hadn’t won that much, it was so much worse now that there were just 2 and they took half each. Earlier they would only expect to take 200 – 300ml if they were not the weakest link, but now it was more like double. In some ways both of them were happy that the round wasn’t too successful. A fact they kept reminding themselves as their pumps were activated and 430ml of more water was pumped into them. The feeling of their already full bladders bloating even more caused both women to start squirming and groaning, looking as if they were in the clutches of an invisible monster, instead it was their own will and determination to overpower their biological need to pee that was causing this.

Olivia watched them both intently, still slightly hunched over due to her intense need to pee, but it looked nothing compared to what Claudia was going through. Claudia had started gently rocking backwards and forwards, almost a mirror image of Amanda right before she violently burst. Her denim skirt riding up and revealing her underwear, but Claudia appeared beyond the point of worrying about things like that too. The weight of the world felt like it was currently trying to exit out of her urethra, and she was doing everything she could to make sure that didn’t happen.

While Claudia didn’t care that her skirt had ridden up, Olivia was very interested. Or more accurately, she was interested in the damp spot she could see on Claudia's underwear. She was close to breaking, she had to be. Alex on the other hand was struggling with her tight khaki pants, the accompanying belt had been lost rounds ago, but now even the clothing that was once too big were struggling to accommodate her ever expanding bladder. The first 5 rounds had been kind to Alex winning or at least not losing any of them, but her losses in the last 5 meant she was quickly filling and starting to worry.

But just as before, 30 seconds of water being pumped into them came and went, with both women still dry. Well for the most part.

“SO shall we begin round 11, its on food and drink”

The three women looked at each other, all seemingly confident in their ability on this topic. This was going to be an interesting round. But who will come out on top?

“Lets start with Alex, Baloney is a form of what?”

“Sausage”

“Correct, Claudia Mozzarella sticks are prepared using which type of cooking process?

She had zoned out, again concentrating on just one thing. Not peeing! But that wasn’t going to be good enough, this was it. She felt another dribble make its way out of her, but only Olivia seemed to notice the glistening droplet roll down Claudia’s toned thigh. “Deep frying” She managed to stutter out between breaths and through clenched teeth. Her only option, to win the round and buy herself more time. If she could even wait that long. As the cameras moved to the next person she quickly moved her hand from between her legs…it was wet, her dam was quickly weakening and she knew it.

“Correct, Olivia The snack commonly referred to as "potato chips" were originally called what?

Smirking at Claudia faltering “Saratoga Chips”

“Correct, Alex, Visiting which fast-food joint has become a Christmas tradition in Japan?"

“KFC”

“Correct, Claudia, In what year was the blue M&M introduced?”

“1995”

Correct, Olivia What Third World product from trees is a staple in the American food industry?

“Palm oil”

Correct, Alex, The red food-colouring carmine was extracted from which source?

“Beetles”

“Correct, Claudia, What is the name of the first pizzeria to open in the United States?”

“Lombardi’s, pizza”

“Correct, Olivia, What is eaten traditionally in the UK the day before Ash Wednesday?

“Pancakes”

“Correct, Alex, What is the main ingredient in hash browns?”

“Potatoes”

“Correct”

“Bank”

“Claudia, Which cocktail was made famous by rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg in the 1990's?

Why did it have to be a question on drinking anything, “Gin & Juice”

“Correct, Olivia Which liquor is made from the blue agave plant?”

“Tequila”

“Correct, Alex which beverage is advertised as being Sports Fuel”

“Gatorade”

“Correct and we are half way through, Claudia, Coconut water can be used as what in the case of medical emergencies?”

Why did they all have to be about water or drinking! “Blood Plasma” (Don’t try that at home)

“Correct, Olivia, Which condiment is traditionally served with fried seafood in the United States?”

“Tartar Sauce”

“Correct, Alex, Donuts are traditionally sold in boxes containing how many pieces?”

“A dozen”

“Correct, Claudia What does the Slavic word "vodka" translate to in English?”

“Little Water” all three visibly wince at just the mention of water. Their bladders reacting violently to the thought of needing to get any larger.

“Correct, Olivia, What popular alcoholic beverage is made from fermented rice?

“Sake”

“Correct, Alex, What are the four main ingredients in beer?”

“Grain, hops, yeast, and uhh…water” again with the water.....its like they planned it.

“Correct, BANK, “30 seconds”

“Claudia, What is the most popular spice in the world?”

“Pepper”

“Correct, Olivia, Where was the first McDonald's restaurant located?”

“California”

“Correct, Alex, What is sushi traditionally wrapped in?”

“Seaweed”

“Correct, Claudia, Monterey Jack is a type of what?”

“Cheese”

“Correct, Olivia, What is the official fruit of New York?”

“Apple”

“Correct, Alex…Bank” and the buzzer goes.

“Well it seems like you know your foods better than your history, that’s quite the score of £2,300, well done."

Despite the praise none of the three women squirming on the stage seemed happy. By now they had figured out what “good” meant, and it most defiantly wasn’t good for their maxed out bladders.

"Claudia, you banked the most so are the strongest link, as for the other two im sorry but you have quite a bit to take."

Alex looked at the tank, tears forming in the edges of her eyes. It was madness, how could they be expected to take another 1.15 litres on top of what they already had in them. Its more than most people can hold in one go anyway. A wide eyed Alex glanced around with a look of panic, the same deer in headlights appearing as did in question one. Only this time, her pants were much tighter and she needed to pee like she never had before in her life. Even Claudia who had won the round didn’t look pleased in her situation.

One hand firmly pressed into her crotch, the other appeared to be gently stroking her distended bladder, as if trying to keep it calm. She was beside herself in desperation, gently hopping from foot to foot, a constant swaying motion that seemed to be helping her hold. In reality she had dribbled again, but despite this she was smiling or as close to a smile as she could manage right now, because she knew the end was near for both these women. There was no way they could take it surely? If she could last just 31 seconds it should be enough to win the pot and go home a dry champion.

And then it began not with a bang but with a whimper from Alex. Just like with poor Amanda earlier, the tap within them turned on at full blast as 38ml a second coursed through the tube and into their bladders, inflating them as if they were a party balloon and helium was going out of fashion. Both women clutched their bladders as they rocketed outwards, a feeling unlike anything else they had experienced. Not quite pain, not quite pleasure. Olivia had it slightly easier, her red dress easily moving with her expanding midriff, while poor Alex was suddenly trapped in the confines of a pair of pants once too big and now defiantly too small.

The thick material dug deeply into Alex’s bladder, forcing it to bulge out over the top and under the waist-band. The sheer amount of liquid contained in her bladder that was still being filled felt like torture, worse than any delayed morning pee, stuck in traffic desperation or drunk breaking the seal to early. Both women grunted and yelled as 10 seconds stretched to 20 seconds, Olivia stood tall head bowed breathing as if labour. She was mesmerised with her own bladder, it was ever expanding and ever filling. She was fascinated, almost drawn to the quivering mass of water that was now bulging inches out of her.

She had never seen anything like it, she grunted in pain again as the water continued to fill her. A loud scream made her look to her left. Alex was now on her knees, both hands frantically pawing at her pants buttons, trying to relive the pressure any way possible. It felt as if she had a line of hot fire cutting into her flesh as the water pored into her already bulging bladder. Her pants were getting tighter and tighter by the second, the unforgiving material beyond taught against her flesh and still the water came. Tighter, and tighter, her bladder bulging over the waistband was now almost completely covering the buttons making it impossible for her to open them. More and more water entered until finally a popping noise filled the room, followed by a tearing noise.

Her Khaki pants had failed, her bladder had put them under such strain that the button had physically been torn from the fabric. Alex had wondered it if was her bladder that had exploded for a moment, there was relief and yet she was still dry. Beads of sweat running off her nose onto the ground as she clutched her bladder on all fours. Finally the torment ended. The full power tap was turned off, leaving each of them a small lake to contend with inside of their bladders. litres upon litres of pee was now contained within them. Unable to move, grunting, sweating and almost crying in effort but they had done it, they had survived.

Or had they,

Another cry went out as Alex and Olivia looked at each other, and then to where it had come from. Claudia was now standing with glistening wet hands pressed into her crotch. Face contorted by pain and concentration, fresh pee running down the insides of her legs.

“How, how did you both take that much more, I cant, I just cant”

Pee began cascading down her legs, a loud hissing sound echoed throughout the building as Claudia forcefully emptied herself through her white cotton pants and onto the already piss covered floor. Unlike the others, her denim skirt did little to absorb the impact of her accident as it went on unabated for three agonising minutes for both Olivia and Alex, who could do nothing but stand and hope they would not be overcome by the smell or sound of their fellow contestants mammoth accident. Claudia's puddle dwarfing the other competitors, running down the stage for meters upon meters.

Unlike the others, with the pee raining straight down and onto the hard concrete meant the noise was amplified. The hissing and thundering noise of water falling onto the ground was agony from both remaining contestants. As the pee continued to thunder out of Claudia who was now a slight squat and without a care in the world Alex felt it. Her pee wanted out, she winced and convulsed as the lakes of pee within her made a break for it. She clenched everything, her entire body became ridged as the pee raced forwards, a bid for freedom that somehow just as she felt the warmth leave her body, she stopped it.

But then, she felt it, a familiar wet warmth on her feet, although puzzlingly she couldn’t feel it on he legs. Opening her eyes for the first time since Claudia's massive accident had started she saw that it was not her pee, it was Claudia's. Somehow the sheer size of her accident in combination with the three others before it had completely covered the stage and now some was starting to make its way onto her podium.She was astounded to see the sheer volume of water the previous contestants had been holding onto, there had to be gallons of the stuff.

Claudia was drained, her pee left her body as if it was her life force. The sheer requirements of the last hour on her body had left her with no energy, the constant battle with her iron will had finally broken. She almost couldn’t remember life before this, as if her entire existance had been just holding in this pee that was still going on. She hated to admit it but she was kind of enjoying it, it had a certain sense of naughtiness to it and she was always a bit of a secret exhibitionist. She looked around to see Olivia watching he with interest, not out of discomfort but of a weird sense of delight. Was she enjoying this as much as she was, either way Claudia was defiantly going to make the most of it. She locked eyes with Olivia as if daring her not to look away, but that was the last thing Olivia wanted to do anyway.

It took another 20 seconds for the deluge to finish pouring out of Claudia's body, both women's hearts pounding faster as they stared into each others eyes. Claudia felt like she had lost half her body weight in one go, her stomach flat and light. looking at the remaining girls she wished them good luck. As Claudia left the stage, both remaining women looked down at their distended bladders, both having been upgraded from a grape fruit to a small melon of hot, broiling piss that desperately wanted to come out. Even Olivia’s dress was struggling with the new requirements of it. But while Alex looked down and wondered if it was worth it, her new found holding ability was starting to make Olivia think she could hold forever. If she was capable of this, then what was her limit. The sadistic side of her mind took over again, she had to know!

“Okay so it looks like we are down to our final two and you know what that means, its time for the head to head rounds”

“Head to head rounds?" Alex said Shakily. Her bladder still pulsed inside her, the new extent of her bladder stretching her skin painfully.

"So in the final round, we pit you two head to head. I ask a question now worth £200, you get it right, you add the cash to the pot, you get it wrong we add 200ml to your bladder. The first person to win 10 points wins the money, or it goes until one of you wets yourself or gives up. Your choice. Also a point is only scored if one of you gets it and the other one doesn’t, if you both get it right £500 is added, but no points are scored. Likewise if you both get it wrong, you get both get 250ml added."

The lights and cameras shifted, signalling the end of the normal rounds to those watching at home.

“Well I don’t don’t think either of us are going to give up, so may the best bladder win” Olivia said, strangely cheerfully for Alex’s liking.

Alex was miserable, the lead weight in her stomach was making her feel queasy, but she hadn’t come all this way to back out now. A point that brought back to her when the host stated the total she was playing for.

“So your playing for our second largest ever sum at this point of £15,580." Both women’s eyes went wide, they understandably hadn’t been keeping track of the total. £15,000 was a lot of money, forget a two week trip abroad or a second hand car, the total was over 6 months wage for both of them. The only thing between them and the cash, was their ability to control their bladder and a few more questions. "The points are 0-0, questions are timed to 30 seconds and you will answer by writing it on the boards in front of you. Have you both got that?”

They both nodded, standing still with legs tightly crossed, neither woman could figure out how they were still holding, and yet they were.

With the stakes now realised neither woman willing to give an inch, no matter how full they would become. Olivia was happy to see the fight back in Alex’s eyes, ever since the massive loss they suffered she had seemed to be in her own world. Now they locked eyes and the real game began.

Current bladder standings

Alex: 3,554ml

Olivia: 3,520ml

Claudia: 2,995ml - 3rd place

Amanda: 2,106 - 4th place

Scarlet: 2,196 ml – 5th place

Katy: 2,069ml – 6th place

Congratulations to our final two very full women, Alex and Olivia. Sad to see Claudia go, but she put up a brave fight

.

I hope you are all still enjoying the story, the next and probably final chapter of this should be out soon, hopefully putting a suitable end to this tale.
