Unfortunate Uri

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-05-31 22:46

Unfortunate Uri

Uriah, known better by his friends and family as Uri, couldn’t wait to see his cousins after 9 long weeks in lockdown. He’d stayed in contact via phone and internet but it wasn’t the same as seeing them in person as he’d spent his childhood and youth with them most days. Being an only child they were more like brothers to him than mere cousins. He had so much in common with them and they all regularly had lads weekends away which Uri was sorely missing too.

Not keen on public transport so soon after so many had died from Coronavirus Uri dug his bicycle out of the garage and cycled the four miles to Nile and Andre’s. It was a beautiful sunny day so he put on his royal blue cycling shorts and a loose t-shirt and set off. At first a little wobbly but by the first main road Uri was loving the freedom and exercise after being at home for over two months without the gym.

Nile and Andre started the bbq and filled the ice box with drinks. They set up camping chairs in the front garden making sure Uri’s was two metres from theirs. With their elderly parents inside there was no way they could risk bringing any germs or viruses in the house and as much as they looked forward to having Uri over they knew all too well that having him enter the house was not only against government rules but would go against their own common sense in trying to protect their parents. They made sure they had everything they needed including separate cutlery and paper plates so there was no sharing of anything.

Unused to cycling Uri took longer than he anticipated to get to the house and arrived sweating and thirsty. It was hard not to hug his cousins or even shake their hands but he rested the bike against their fence and took his seat in the front garden in what was a very familiar house to him. He waved to his uncle and aunt through the front window and opened a can of Fanta gulping it down as he was so thirsty from the cycle over.

Uri, Nile and Andre soon relaxed, eating, drinking and laughing together and enjoying being with each other. They had so much to catch up on and conversation flowed easily. None of the young men were overly interested in alcohol, much preferring soft drinks In keeping with their Indian custom and religion. That didn’t hinder them drinking and eating though as a couple of hours passed easily.

Uri glanced at his watch as he opened his third can of juice, the warm sunny weather meaning he was much more thirsty than had he been inside. It was gone 2:30pm already which surprised him as time was passing quickly in the presence of family after a long departure. It seemed strange not seeing and chatting to his aunt and uncle inside but Uri asked frequently how they were and smiled as they came to the window once or twice. Not only would he love to hug them, kiss their cheeks and talk to them face to face he also wished he could enter the house to get a break from the sun, but ideally to use their bathroom too. Uri knew exactly where it was.

He’s stayed over so often and knew the house as if it was his own. He could close his eyes and visualise the bathroom tiles, the stripes on the shower curtain and the white shell shaped sink. Most of all he could easily visually the clean white toilet with its doll toilet roll holder sitting on top of the cistern and the button on top that you pressed to flush.

Uri’s thoughts affected his bladder quite clearly and he crossed his legs on his camping chair. However, when Miles started talking about racing again Uri was back laughing and chatting and forgetting his need again. Then another urge would hit and he’d shift in the chair again, whilst still eating, drinking and chatting.

They had been outside hours when Uri noticed Andre had gone quiet. He seemed very distracted and distance with his legs crossed like Uri and his face a little tense.

‘You ok Andre my man?’

‘Yeah you bet mate. Just all this lockdown stuff on my mind there. I think I’ll just...maybe check on mum and dad a moment if you don’t mind? I’ll be right back.’

At that Andre stood up and briskly headed inside.

‘Mum’s been a bit down some days. She’s missing her friends at the Mandir and the bingo so much. She worries about dad’s health too. And her family in India too. We think it’s hard here but it’s so much worse there you know Uri.’

‘I know mate. It’s heartbreaking’

Uri had been thinking of heading home. His bladder was uncomfortably full and he really wanted to run into the house and use the bathroom so badly but knew he couldn’t. But it felt rude to leave Nile alone and he was hoping Andre would return soon and let him know how his aunt and uncle were.

Five minutes later Andre returned looking much happier and more relaxed than before.

‘How they doing mate? Aunt Fatima ok? What about Uncle Banjeet?’

‘Yeah they are fine mate. Mum just making tea for them when I passed her. Dad watching TV. I didn’t get to say much really as I had to run to the toilet sorry.’

‘Oh so glad you said that Andre! I’m sitting here dying for a piss but didn’t want to leave Uri out here himself. Shame he can’t come in isn’t it. Mum would so love to kiss you Uri.’

‘I know! I’d love to come in. You two are not the only ones with full bladders. You sure I can’t just use your toilet before I go?’

Nile looked at Uri who sat with his legs crossed and knees turned to the side. Nile was moving from foot to foot waiting for Andre to move out the doorway as he moved his eyes from Uri to Andre.

‘Andre and I agreed. We need to stick to the rules Uri. Dad could get so ill. You know mum was so worried when Boris said we could meet now. She’s hardly slept thinking of you coming over and maybe dad catching something. You know how ill he was with the chemotherapy last year.’

‘I know. I remember. Honestly it’s fine. I’ll head home soon and go there. It’s cool.’

‘Andre, any chance I could get past you? God I need a wizz with all this juice!’

‘Oh yeah, sorry.’

Andre sat down chatting to Uri though Uri struggled to stay focussed as his need to go seemed to suddenly increase now he had voiced it to his cousins.

‘So when’s your furlough finishing Uri? You gonna use that bike to get to work now instead of the bus?’

‘Not sure yet to be honest. Listen I think I’d better head home. Thanks for the food and drink. It’s been amazing seeing you...’

‘Uri, you can’t go without saying goodbye to Nile! Man he’d go crazy! Just wait until he’s back ok?’

Uri stood up hoping the strong urge to piss might ease a little. Instead it increased and Uri paced the garden as he waited for his cousin to return to say goodbye.

‘Uri you going to be ok to cycle? You look a bit anxious my man?’

‘I actually don’t know Nile. I’m quite desperate for the toilet to be honest with you. I never really thought about the fact I might need to go and the idea of cycling when I might piss myself is really not appealing at all.’

Uri continued pacing the garden anxiously waiting on Nile returning.

‘Shit man Just thinking about where Nile is right now isn’t helping. I’m thinking...what about if I pissed against the apple tree out the back?’

Andre sat on the camping seat laughing.

‘Uri, you cant get to the tree or the back garden without going through the house can you you idiot! Why do you think we are sitting out here?’

‘Crap. Never thought about that. Come on Nile. Actually Andre I think I might head just now. Tell Nile I am sorry. I just needed to get home.’

‘You bad mate? It’s just so unfortunate that you can’t just use our toilet. I know I was dying to go there and pissed for ages. It was such a relief actually.’

‘Leave it out Andre! You are not helping here. You got a bottle or something?’

‘No way mate! The garden is open air and there’s people walking past all the time. Even if I did have a bottle you can’t piss out here! I’ll go see if Nile is back and you can get away. Just wait a second ok?’

Uri mounted his bike glad at least for some pressure against his aching crotch. He bounced on the seat a bit anxiously trying to hold back the massive flood that wanted out. Without either cousin watching he cupped his crotch too and rubbed and pinched.

Just then both men appeared at the front door.

‘Sorry Uri. It wasn’t for stopping! You know what’s it’s like! Anyway was great to see you. We’ll need to catch up again soon.’

Uri was already heading out the gate as he waved to his family and peddled fast to get home before his bladder could hold back no longer.

Uri did his utmost to hold, concentrating and squeezing whilst trying to peddle and steer all at the same time. He couldn’t recall being so desperate in a long time but at least the peddling was pushing his dick about a bit keeping him from pissing everywhere.

It wasn’t until Uri dismounted his cycle at his own home and went to return the bike to the garage that things suddenly changed. Now off the bike and standing up Uri experienced a powerful urge and before he could grab himself he felt a strong jet of warm liquid rush through his briefs and seep through his cycle shorts. Anxious to prevent any more wetness Uri grabbed himself tightly as he climbed the back stairs of his house and unlocked the back door.

But it was too much and too late as another long jet shot out causing Uri’s hairy legs to drip with urine as all Uri could do was stand upright as his body gave in to urge after urge and hours of holding a busting bladder finally eased as his body relaxed and exploded on his own back door step.

Uri turned the key and was just walking in when he heard his neighbour, a young mum who was out hanging her washing and had seen everything, shouting over.

‘Sorry Mr Yosaf. That was rather unfortunate wasn’t it?’

Uri ran inside, embarrassed, ashamed and soaking wet.

‘Damn that stupid rule of not using others toilets. Damn Coronavirus! I can’t believe I pissed myself! Oh the shame!’

