Grabbing Graham

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-12-15 00:01

Grabbing Graham

Unsteady on his feet with his voice raised more than usual Graham clumsily made his way onto the station platform. The works Christmas night out had been amazing and he was buzzing from finally kissing Jennifer from admin under the mistletoe and from the alcohol surging through his body. He was drunk and would probably not remember much tomorrow but right now he was merry and singing jingle bells to anyone who happened to even glance at him. It was just days until Christmas so what was the problem? He was happy and high and everyone else should be too.

He couldn’t make out a word of the announcements but then even sober he could hardly make out what train announcers said anyway. The rain and alcohol made reading the notice board rather hard too. The words were fuzzy so Graham laughed and brazenly walked up to someone who vaguely looked like they worked for British Rail and shouted louder than he realised:

‘Hoy mate. When’s that train for Farmsly coming?’

It was another member of the public who replied:

‘They just announced it. It’s ten minutes late mate. Platform 6.’

Graham tried to focus on the information as his brain struggled to process. Far too much alcohol was clouding his understanding and awareness but familiarity eventually kicked in and he stumbled his way to platform 6 and found a bench in a shelter.

Graham wasn’t an overly confident or out-going person normally but fuelled with beer, spirits, mulled wine and more that he couldn’t even remember now, he was louder, more care free and much more bold. As an older woman in her late forties stood in the shelter he held his hand out to shake hers.

‘Merry Christmas Mrs!’

His other hand carelessly moved to his crotch area.

The woman looked at him scornfully glancing at his other hand rather than the one he held out.

Clearly thinking he was acting inappropriately she picked up her phone out of her pocket and looking right at Graham she made her intentions obvious:

‘Either stop that or I’ll call the police now! Drunk or not I am not accepting anyone do that! You filthy animal!’

Graham laughed not quite thinking of the seriousness of the situation as his mind was still full of frolics from his night on the town.

‘Listen wo.....wom....woman. I’m...am no like that. I need a piss that’s alllllll....but merry Christmas to ya anyway.’

Graham hadn’t really noticed how much he had to piss until the woman had looked at his hand. It was true he was touching himself and it did look wrong but, shit, he had to piss and all the drink in his bladder was wanting out rather suddenly. He grabbed his crotch and squeezed himself as he moved his legs to try and get comfortable on the cold damp bench.

‘Well no getting your dick out and pissing in front of me or I’ll take your photo and stick it on Facebook! I’m sick of drunks like you thinking they can piss wherever the hell they want. If you canny hold your piss then don’t drink!’

Graham couldn’t be bothered thinking of a come back. He just wanted on the train and away from the woman and into the toilet. God he really had to piss badly now. He was sure he’d went in the club earlier but it was all a bit hazy now. He ignored the woman and continued to grab his penis, scissoring his legs fast. Nothing more was said and Graham staggered onto the train as it finally arrived. He didn’t bother sitting and instead made his way through the carriages to find the toilet.

The train wasn’t too busy, probably because it was the last one of the night and most sensible people were already in bed asleep. Graham held onto the seats and handles as he unsteadily made his way through the train. Finally he reached the carriage with the bathroom and he pressed the button to open the door.

Nothing happened.

Graham grabbed himself again openly.

‘Oh for fucks sake man. I need a piss!’

An older man’s voice shouted: ‘I think it’s broke mate. Seen it tried twice now.’

Graham bent forward and held himself.

‘Are you fucking serious? I need a piss so bad man.’

Two young girls, in their early twenties, dressed in sparkly fitted short dresses and tights, and clearly a little tipsy themselves, giggled as they watched Graham push the door, press the button repeatedly, and squirm whilst grabbing his personal area. Graham made a fist and banged on the door before marching on the spot and finally sitting down right outside the bathroom. He couldn’t sit still at all, alternating between scissoring his legs, crossing them and bouncing them. The giggling from the girls continued, though Graham wasn’t really caring.

He leaned forward rubbing his penis with one hand and holding the chair tightly with his other hand. Too drunk too care and way too desperate to be able to stop even if he did, he squirmed and grabbed himself openly in a valiant attempt to keep his urine from escaping. Graham was frantic. He was beyond bursting now as he rocked and fidgeted on the train chair, interspersed with moaning and whimpering. The girls continued to laugh.

The ticket inspector opened the carriage door and the girls muffled their laughter as they looked for their tickets. Graham on the other hand couldn’t stop fidgeting to get his ticket out his pocket let alone remember if he even had one. He stood up as the inspector approached grabbing his penis openly with one hand whilst getting his wallet out his back jeans pocket with his other.

‘Tickets please.’

‘Mate I’ve....I’ve got a tic...ticket...just geez a minute....I’m...shit mate I’m dying for a slash and your..,your...toilet’s broke. Can you not...fix it pleeee...please. It’s an...an emergency!’

‘Tickets please.’

Graham couldn’t stand still. He fondled with his crotch openly as he danced and crossed his legs as he handed the inspector a train ticket.

‘That’s your inward journey one. I need your return one please.’

Graham bent forward with a hand contorted on his dick as a spurt shot out.

‘God no! I’m pissing myself here mate! Can you not fix your fucking....fucking toilet.’

‘Have you got a return ticket please?’

Graham opened his wallet and handed the man a ten pound note.

‘Where from?’

‘What?’

Another small amount of piss dribbled out of Graham’s penis.

‘Where did you get on and where are you going?’

Graham hammered on the toilet door with his fist as his other hand grabbed his aching member.

‘If you don’t stop that I’m adraid I will need to ask you to get off this train. The toilet is unfortunately broken sir. Now where did you get on the train and where are you going?’

‘I’m pissing myself and all you can talk about is where am I going? The only place I want to go is this fucking toilet and I can’t! I’ve been bursting since central station and I can’t fucking hold this until Farmsly. Is there not ano...anoth....another toilet?”

‘One single from Central to Farmsly is £4.30. Here’s your change sir and please don’t make a mess of my carriage. I’m afraid you will just have to wait a bit longer. I do apologise for any inconvenience.’

Graham wanted to swear but all his energy was being used to balance on his feet on the moving train and holding back the torrent of pee inside his bladder. He u did the button on his jeans and hastily fell back onto the seat behind him. Being drunk and desperate was there torture and Graham knew his underwear was already pretty damp.

The ticket inspector checked the other tickets before walking through to the next carriage. The girls continued their giggling at Graham’s predicament whilst the older man looked out the indie as if Graham’s didn’t exist. Graham slid his hand inside the crotch of his jeans and held his aching damp penis for all he was worth. He stroked it, squeezed it, pressed it, and rubbed it as it shook and surged between his legs. Every jolt of the carriage hurt and time seemed to stand still.

Finally Graham could just about make out the on board announcement that the train was approaching Farmsly.

‘Thank fuck for that! Oh God I need to piss!’

Graham tried standing up but his jeans wouldn’t stay up. He hitched and held them up as best he could but as he needed both hands to steady himself to walk to the door he was faced with no other choice but to re zip his fly and button up his jeans. He moaned loudly at the pressure this put on his bladder and immediately grabbed himself and jigged about.

‘I need a fucking piss!’ He shouted.

The girls giggled louder than ever. Graham couldn’t care.

He leaned forwards, one hand grabbing his member as tightly as he could as the train slowed at the station. He punched the button to open the door and moaned as he had to open his legs in order to get over the gap between the train and the platform. It was raining, cold and dark.

Graham felt more urine dribbling as he walked along the platform. He sensed he was alone as he staggered towards the exit. Suddenly another surge hit and he quickly undid the bottom on his jeans, unzipped his fly and pulled out his wet, aching, half erect penis and allowed the pent up pee to zoom it’s way past his urethra and surge out of his penis at force. He was too drunk and it was too dark to even attempt to walk towards bushes and his piss wasn’t going to wait another second.

Graham stood shaking as warm piss surged out his body as he gripped his penis with both hands.

High from alcohol, a great night out and the ecstasy of finally being able to release he stood there laughing and smiling and shouting at the top of his voice:

‘I needed a fucking piss ok!’

Not that anyone else cared except him. Well him and his bladder that was.

*003*2019-12-15 15:33

{{7 hours ago, BladderLad said:

I think that this is the best so far!! Glad he just about made it!

}}

Glad you enjoyed it. Plenty more to come

