Princess’ Desperation: A Star Wars Omorashi Story (Princess Leia Omorashi)

Author: MomoCat

*000*2025-06-07 08:09

Hey everyone! It’s been a while since I’ve posted, but I wrote a new piece of Star Wars omorashi! I hope you guys like this, I really liked writing it! Any feedback is appreciated. Enjoy!

For some background, this fic takes place during Star Wars: Return of the Jedi. Leia is thrown off a speeder and left to her own devices on Endor, where she meets the Ewok people.

———

Princess’ Desperation: A Star Wars Omorashi Story

While the Ewok was fairly good company, part of Leia wished she was alone in the depths of Endor’s forest.

If she was alone, she could pull her pants down to her ankles and relieve her aching bladder without the watchful eye of a small life form staring at her. The Ewoks obviously had intelligence comparable to that of a human— and she wouldn’t dare expose herself to a creature smart enough to understand what the implications of that meant.

Despite her better judgement, she was considering popping a squat right then and there. After what felt like hours wandering the forest, the ache in her bladder was so sharp that she could hardly think about anything else. Finding rescue would be impossible like this, when she could hardly walk two steps at a time without stopping.

Wicket teetered on ahead, approaching an upturned tree. Leia trailed a few paces behind, seizing the opportunity to give her crotch a squeeze while out of his sight. She had never needed to pee so badly in her life. It felt like it had been an eternity since her last refresher break, and she had filled up on caf before they set out on the speeders. At the time, it seemed like a good idea to keep her sharp for the oncoming battle. But now, that caf desperately wanted out. The waistband of her pants was cutting into her abdomen like a knife, pushing into her bladder, threatening to push all the liquid out.

Leia shuffled her feet, prompting the Ewok to look over. In a panic, she straightened her posture, bringing her hands to her hips in an attempt to look nonchalant.

The Ewok made a sound of concern, taking a step toward Leia. She quickly outstretched a hand towards him, indicating for him to stop.

“Oh, I— I’m fine,” Leia stammered. “I’m just a bit fatigued, that’s all.”

The Ewok gave a shrug, and turned back towards the giant log. While he was turned away, Leia snaked one hand up her poncho, feeling for the button of her pants. Fortunately, with the poncho covering her abdomen, she could unzip her pants without anyone noticing. As soon as her fly was open, she was met with immediate relief. Her bladder bulged out of her pants, no longer restrained by her tight waistband. It did little to quell the urge to pee, but in this state, any help was necessary.

She just needed to hold it a tiny bit longer, until she was back to base… except she had no idea where base was.

Wicket pulled himself onto the log, beckoning for Leia to do the same. The Ewok didn’t seem to understand her dilemma, which was probably for the best. She was a Princess, for kriff’s sake. The last thing she needed was the pity of a much smaller, less-advanced creature.

This truly was an emergency situation. There was no way she could hold it until she got to a bathroom. Beads of sweat began to form on her forehead, teeth grinding together as she mentally catalogued her options. Perhaps she could distract the Ewok with something for long enough for her to relieve herself. Or maybe she could find a way to discreetly pee in some kind of container. Or maybe she could hide behind a tree?

Her bladder throbbed at the thought of finally letting out her pee. She gasped, doubling over, hands shoved into her crotch. A small spurt of pee leaked out into her pale blue pants. Letting out even a small amount of urine was enough to send waves of euphoria all over her body, and for a terrifying moment, she thought she had lost control. Fortunately, she was able to stop peeing after less than a second, but her bladder immediately yearned for more. She was running out of time.

The Ewok hopped off the log and approached Leia, evidently concerned by her distress. Leia outstretched a hand to stop him in his tracks before he got too close, but he didn’t seem to understand.

“No, don’t come closer!” Leia exclaimed, voice far more frantic than she anticipated.

No matter what way she looked at the situation, there was no way out of it without telling him the truth. She sucked in a shaky breath.

“Would you mind giving me some… privacy? I— I have to pee. Really badly. I thought I could make it back to camp, but I can’t.” Leia could feel her face turn bright red— even the tips of her ears were burning. Her feet tamped down on the ground rapidly. She suddenly felt that if she stood still for even a moment, she would completely wet herself. “I— I— I really can’t hold it in!”

Wicket looked Leia up and down. He didn’t seem to understand what she was saying. Another spurt of pee escaped Leia, and she grunted instinctively, pressing harder on her crotch. She felt the hot liquid soak through her panties and dribble down her legs. Her overflowing bladder ached as she was able to stop with the help of severely undignified dancing. She swung her hips around, thighs pressed together, bent at the waist. Tears spilled from her eyes as the cruel reality set in— she was about to piss herself in the forest of Endor. The other members of the Rebel Alliance would never take her seriously after this. What would Han Solo say?! Her options weren’t good— either expose herself to an Ewok, or pee in her pants. Both were completely humiliating, she wasn’t sure which was worse.

Thankfully, blissfully, the Ewok seemed to get the memo. He gave Leia a dismissive wave and turned away from her. She watched as he teetered away, then ducked behind the overturned tree, facing the forest, and away from Leia.

Well, it was now or never. Her bladder seized, forcing out another spurt of pee. Leia whined, lifting up her poncho, and fiddled with her fly. She had to pee so badly, her hands were shaking. She genuinely felt she could burst right here and now. With her hands trembling, it was near-impossible to unzip her pants. All while she worked at her fly, more and more urine dribbled out. The hold on her bladder was slipping now that she was so close to relief, with damp fabric around her crotch, and sweat coating her palms. Finally, she got the button undone, then yanked at the zipper. It moved only a centimeter— certainly not giving her enough leeway to pull down her pants. Another gush of pee escaped her bladder, this one harder to stem than the rest. If she couldn’t get her pants off right now, she would wet herself.

With one hand shoved into her crotch, she finally managed to stop peeing long enough to focus on her zipper again. No matter how hard she tried, it would not budge. With another aggressive pull, the stitches finally gave way, ripping the teeth right out of the zipper. Breaking the fly of her pants certainly wasn’t the way she wanted it to happen, but right now, Leia didn’t care. She pulled her pants down to her thighs, pee spraying everywhere all the while.

With her pale, round ass exposed to the forest, she crouched on her heels right then and there, and finally let go.

A powerful stream of pee jetted out of her, spraying into the dirt, forming a large puddle in a matter of seconds. Leia’s used her hands to steady herself, leaning backwards, mouth agape as her body finally rid itself of everything that had been saved up inside of her. In spite of her better judgement, she groaned loudly, overtaken by the feeling of relief.

And it just kept going. Her stream of pee was so long, so thick, so full. It kept flowing out of her for long, she simply couldn’t believe that she was holding all of it in, and that wasn’t even factoring all the pee that had leaked into her pants. She was peeing full force for at least a minute or so with no sign of stopping. Leia silently thanked the Force that she was able to hold it until she got her pants off.

Finally, it began to taper off. The puddle beneath her was so large, she would’ve believed it came from a much larger species. At last, she pushed the last bit out, sighing quietly. Now that her bladder was empty, she felt refreshed. That is— until she stood up and examined the damage done to her pants. There was a dark stain on her crotch that spread all the way down to her thighs. With her light blue pants, it was incredibly obvious that she had peed herself. One stream of pee stretched all the way to her knees. Perhaps she hadn’t been so successful in holding it as she thought. Leia cringed at the way the wet fabric felt against her skin, now cold and stiff. She pulled her pants back up and fastened the button. She would have to repair her zipper at a later time.

She smoothed out her poncho. Fortunately, it covered her crotch as well as her ass, so there was virtually no sign of her accident. Aside from the mild discomfort, things could’ve turned out a lot worse, considering her severe level of desperation.

“I’m finished. You can come out now.” Leia called out. The Ewok’s head popped out from behind the log, examining her carefully to make sure she was okay.

Leia approached the log, and sat beside the Ewok, feeling completely weightless now that she was no longer encumbered by the heaviness of her bladder. Her face was still slightly red, but her expression was relaxed, with a small smile on her face.

“I’m very sorry about that. I truly could not hold it any longer. That was very embarrassing, I hope you’ll forgive me.” Leia said, somehow unable to look at the Ewok. He may be small and cute, but he was still a sentient being that had watched her nearly have an accident.

The Ewok reached a hand out to Leia, resting it on her arm. With a gentle expression on his face, he said something in his language that Leia decided to interpret as forgiveness.

