Zoey's summer job - Page 2

Author: Mrgala21

*026*2018-01-08 06:15

Kate squirmed and squirmed in her seat at the restaurant that wasn't allowing her to empty her bowels. Kate let out fart after fart and they were wet ones. Kate could feel her thong getting very wet. Kate was desperate to poop. She was sweating. She was shaking. She didn't think she could make it.

Almoat over to Zoey's's house. Haley squirmed in her car seat. Every bump hurt her bladder. To be honest , haley was really counting on using the work bathroom too go per as well as empty her Bowels that hasn't been emptied since the day before. Haley farted right into here right red swimsuit that was already giving her a wedgie. She felt a little leak come out when she hit a bump. But with that she finally pulled into Zoey"'s house and ran in with a very urgent need in both her bladder and her bowels. Hayley was very i shake for her age after years of running track and swimming. Her long legs has traces of urine running down them and your plum bottom( which were barely covered by her tight swimsuit) were constantly letting out fart after fart with each step uo to Zoey's house.

"Mom, can we please leave i really ned to go to the ladies room"

Just then a very audible fart found it's way out from between Kate's wet butt cheeks and Kate was utterly embarrassed. She was sitting on her hands. And tests stated to fall. Kate as pooping her pants. Her thong offered no resistance as poop spilled from out of her and out the sides of her leggings. Kate cried and cried infront of her very formal mother as the stench Kate was holding inside her for so long finally pushed its way out.

Haley on the other hand, bounced up and down as she rand the doorbell to Zoey's house. Right as the door opened a very loud fart slipped out of haleys clenched and now quite wet asscheeks. Zoey opened the door and got hit with a horrible smell and then grinned. Haley quite obviously had to go potty and quite bad at that.

"Are you ok Haley"

" no can i please use your bathroom real quick Thoe? I really really have to go and I didn't get to do this morning."

"Aw haley but I'm sorry our toilet is actually not working right now."

Just then, a very loud and wet fart escaped Haley's butt and the swimsuit did not offer much reaiatance from the horrific smell coming from Haley's tighlty clench buttchheeks.

" o, ok then would you mind driving me somewhere to go real quick?

"yes Haley I will but I have to wait til my car gets back with the car so it will just be A little While longer"

"oh ok as long as there not too long. I really have to go Zoey like it's so bad. It's coming out both ends."

Zoey simply grnned to herself nothing full well that the toilet was completely fine at the time.

*028*2018-01-08 06:41

{{17 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent

}}

What direction would you like to see this continue to go in?

*030*2018-01-08 07:03

{{1 minute ago, Melificentfan said:

Any direction you want I'm not picky =)

}}

Haley is gonna be forced to hold for a very long time

