The Continence Certificate

Author: milofaul

*000*2022-02-02 19:32

Thanks for opening my very first story

Now the only question remaining is whether you will enjoy it or close the tab after the first paragraph

I'm writing this story during the exam phase of my University as a little distraction. But this might also lead to longer waiting time for the next parts. Also be advised that English is not my first language and there might be some grammatical / orthographic errors in the story. I hope you will enjoy it despite that

Warning: Contains forced holding and other "unethical" practices, but as always this is purely fictional and should always remain fictional.

So let's get started:

###

It was warm sunny day in June, in fact the day after Mandy's birthday.

The slim brown haired girl had just reluctantly gotten out of bed, after she snoozed her alarm constantly for at least half an hour before she finally found the courage to get up.

Today was the big day for her, she had just turned 18 yesterday, so now it was time to become "a proper adult" like she was told over and over again the last year and even before that. She was going to "Desperation Camp", at least that's what is was commonly called...

###

The "Desperation Camps" had first been introduced in 2025, then the idea spread all around the world. The camps had been implemented after the world-wide COVID-19 pandemic in which one of the later mutations caused a significant weakened bladder and an disturbed perception of the patients bladder state. Strangely this only affected the female urinary system, cases of incontinence in men have not yet been reported.

Luckily the symptoms only lasted for around a year after the initial infection. In order to stop the ongoing public wettings the government imposed a diaper-mandate requiring every girl to wear a diaper at all times.

In order to be exempted from this mandate, it is possible to spend a week in one of the government facility's to get a "continence-certificate" proving that you are not affected by any incontinence.

###

"Just one more week and the I'll never have to wear a diaper again!" Mandy thought.

In 2 hours a bus would pick her up and bring her to the camp. It was time for breakfast, and her preparation for the journey.

The government had already send her a package a few days in advance, containing instructions on how to prepare herself for the day she was picked up.

### Preparations for the Continence-Evaluation ###

Follow the instructions on this brochure carefully in order to avoid any complications during the certification process!

Not following any of the following instructions will result in an immediate disqualification.

### You are not allowed to void your bladder on the pick-up day.

### You are allowed and required to not wear a diaper on the pick-up day.

### It is required to wear trousers (jeans recommended), Skirts will not be allowed.

### You will consume the pre-packed electrolyte-solution you received via mail at least 1 hour prior to your scheduled pick-up time.

### You need to bring at least 1.5 Liters of Water with you.

### You will also need something to eat for the duration of the bus-trip.

### There is no need to bring any extra clothes, these will be supplied during your stay at our facility.

### You will have to obey every order from our staff in order to become certified.

####

Mandy had already prepared a backpack yesterday with some snacks and the required water. After completing her morning routine and skipping her morning-pee she went down to the kitchen to make herself some breakfast.

She usually had a mug of coffee and a glass of freshly made orange juice with a few slices of toast.

As she was preparing everything she was asking herself if it really was a good idea to have the two drinks and the 500ml electrolyte-solution she was required to drink... "The testing will surely start tomorrow, and these big buses always have a toilet on board"

When she was finished with her breakfast she opened the solution and poured the slightly thick liquid in a mug and carefully tasted it. It was a very strange taste, a bit of cardboard in combination with a hint of IceTea.

She had no Idea how much trouble the solution would cause her... It not only was long-lasting but weak diuretic but also slightly weakened her urinary sphincter. All of that, was not known to anyone taking the certification.

She was finally ready to get picked up! It was just her morning-pee sitting comfortable in her bladder that started to slightly worry her...

Part 2:

At 9:50 she grabbed her stuff and went outside so she would be ready to be picked up at 10:00.

At 10:05 the first thoughts of "Am I at the correct place?" and "It's just 5 minutes Mandy... don't worry..." crossed her mind

At 10:15 she became increasingly worried that something must have went wrong, but she could not remember doing anything wrong.

Finally at 10:30 the bus arrived, but it was not what Mandy expected it to be. It was an very old yellow school bus with around 20 girls already inside.

Mandy gulped and thought to herself "I hope we will arrive soon, I will have to go pee soon..."

When she entered the bus, she was welcomed by a guy in his mid twentieth who thoroughly checked her bag and choice of clothes. Then he proceeded to prod and massage Mandy's bladder, much to the horror of it's owner Mandy. Not only did she got groped by a stranger but he also managed to even make her slight need to pee a painful urge. After a while he ordered Mandy to stick out her tongue, in order to check if she had drunken her "electrolyte-solution", apparently it slightly colored her tongue.

At this point Mandy was no longer thinking that this would be a walk in the park for her... She had already heard rumors about inhumane conditions in these camps, but always thought of it as fake-news. Now she started to get worried about these rumors...

After all the check where completed she was assigned a seat in the front row on at the window. She was a bit shocked when she realized that the window seat was made out of plastic and had a very strange shape. The seat was pretty large but had a triangle shape part in the middle, apparently designed to keep the legs of anyone sitting spread to the sides.

Well what I won't do in order to get out of these diapers, Mandy thought and climbed onto her seat. Just as she settled down the employee came and clicked something in place that looked like a weightlifting belt cut in half, on each end was a strap with a seat-belt clip indicating where this would go. After he clicked it in place and pulled it tight she noticed what evil contraption this seat was...

Instead of a normal car seat-belt the clips of the seat-belt was located just above her hips on the backrest instead of the bottom of her seat. It was pushing here waist and belly (including here bladder) into the backrest of the seat. This combined with the triangle shaped seat made it pretty uncomfortable to sit especially with her growing need to pee.

Finally the bus departed from her house, just to stop again after 5 minutes to pick up another girl from the neighborhood. To Mandy's surprise it was Emily, a girl Mandy knew far to well. She never got along with her and often got into fights with her. Some would even say that Emily was a bully. "This is great... Now I also have to deal with Emily..." Mandy thought.

Mandy noticed how Emily got just barely searched and padded down, and then send, much to Mandy's delight on the free (and normal) seat right next to her. "Why the hell does Emily get special treatment here?!" Mandy wondered.

"Hey Mandy! What a surprise to see you here!" Emily greeted Mandy.

"Uhm, Hi Emily... How's it going?" Mandy replied slightly concerned of the the overly friendly approach from her "enemy"

"I'm great! Did you also got into the internship program at the camp?"

"Ughm you are doing an internship here?" Mandy replied.

"Yes! You know my Dad works for the public health department and got one of the camps assigned to him"

"Oh that sounds *gulp* great! I'm just here to get my continence-certificate."

"Oh really? Then you will be one of my patients! I will be taking care of all the inma... patients while they have free time and make sure they are all ready for the exams. I'll make sure to help you as much as I can, so get your certification quickly!"

"Uhm, that's great! Thank you " Mandy did not believe her luck... Not only would she spend the next week with Emily but also completely at the mercy of her... Can it get any worse she thought as she felt the first little contraction of her bladder, indicating that it would soon become a bigger problem...

The bus continued to pick up girls around the city, the process of checking every single girl always took ages...Mandy was now getting increasingly uncomfortable in her seat, and she felt her kidney working through all the coffee, juice and the "electrolyte solution". Her seat, or more of a contraption was not in any way helping her to hold all that urine...

After what felt like an eternity the employee announced that they had finally picked up everyone and would now drive to the camp that was "just outside the city". In the meantime they would all be required to drink a 500ml bottle handed to them.

Of course Mandy thought, my bladder is already at an uncomfortable level and now I have to drink even more... But there was just very calm and muffled protest in the bus, so Mandy accepted her fate and opened her bottle and quickly chugged the contents. Just as she had gulped down the last of sips of her water she noticed Emily just casually spilling her bottle on the floor... "What are you doing?" Mandy asked. Emily seemed to completely ignore her. After she had emptied her bottle she shouted "Mark! Mandy just spilled all of her water on the floor!"

Mandy's mouth opened in shock as she tried to find the words to defend herself.

"Is that true Mandy?!" The employee shouted as he came to their seat looking at the puddle on the floor.

"N n no! It was Emily that spilled her water under my seat!" She stammered.

"And why would an employee do something like that?!" He replied

"I I don't know" Emily replied still dumbfounded.

"I'll let it pass this once, but I'll now watch you as you drink your new bottle" He said handing Mandy another bottle.

"But I have already consumed my bottle!" Mandy protested

"Do you really want to go this route?" Mark asked in a stern voice, silencing Mandy's protest.

Mandy resigned and started to gulp down the now slightly larger 750ml bottle she was handed my Mark.

After Mark carefully watched every sip of her, he returned to his front seat.

"Why did you do that Emily?!" Mandy angrily whispered

"That's what I wanted to ask you. Do you really think you can just spill your water and no one would notice?" She replied with a smirk

"Oh my god Emily... Can you ever stop being an asshole? "

"I would be careful what you call me, you know that you will be at my mercy for the entire week?"

Mandy just gulped and remained quiet. She was now in some serious trouble... How should she survive this week and even this trip she wondered as her bladder send the first really painful signals to her brain.

####

Let me know what you think about the first two parts, and if you would like me to continue the story

Any feedback is welcomed

*009*2022-02-27 18:17

First of all: Sorry for keeping you guys waiting for so long. But my exams are keeping me as busy as expected, I really hope to continue this story much more frequently in March.

Part 3:

For the next 30 minutes Mandy just remained quiet and tried to take her focus of her now increasingly throbbing bladder.

Mandy started to more and more feel exactly how evil the contraption was. It not only put pressure on her bladder and prevented her from closing her legs, but it also conducted the vibrations of the motor and every single little bump on the road straight to her bladder.

"I really have to go to the toilet. I hope we will pass a rest-stop soon" Emily whispered

"Uh yeah. I could also really use a toilet right now" Mandy replied unsure what to say

"I think I can hold it, I mean I already have my certificate you know" Emily replied

"Mhh great" Mandy mumbled

"Hey Mark! Are we going to pass a rest-stop anytime soon?" Emily yelled

"Yes we will pass one in about 15 minutes. Do you want to stop?" he replied.

"That would be great!" Emily replied

A relieved mumbling ensued from the other girls in the bus, apparently not only Mandy was becoming increasingly desperate. Of course they all where in a much better place then Mandy with all of her morning beverages and her extra bottle of water.

But there was relieve in sight, in just 15 Minutes they would all be able to go for their much needed pee.

"See, I told you I'll help you!" She said

"Uh ok... Thank you I guess" Mandy said, remembering how she "helped" her with the bottle

Mandy was getting more and more desperate every minute, she could nearly feel her kidneys pressing drop for drop into her now stretched bladder. She was now desperate but confident that she would be able to hold it until they would stop.

Then it happened, the bus hit a pretty big pothole. Not only did the shock hit her bladder from below, but also from above as she was pushed against her "seatbelt". To her horror Mandy felt a little drop escaping her, frantically she squeezed down on her sphincter to stop any drops to escape.

"That was close!" She thought, wondering why it happened. She had never leaked before, even when she had been much more desperate then she was now. "Maybe it's this horrible position..." She thought.

The next minutes seemed like an eternity for Mandy, as traffic got slower and slower. She was now constantly shifting in her seat (as much as the tight contraption allowed her) and jiggling her feet. This of course did not go unnoticed from Emily.

"Stop jiggling around Mandy! Behave like a proper adult! How on earth do you want to become continence certified when you can't even make it to the facility?" Emily whispered.

"Y yes. But this seat is just so horrible to sit in!" Mandy replied

"Ok let's make a deal: I'll help you get more comfortable in your seat and you hold still for the rest of the ride ok?" Emily replied.

Mandy felt another drop creep out of her now quivering pee-hole as she was thinking for an response. She knew that this deal could be a trap once again, but she also knew that she had a chance of getting out of this awkward position.

"Uhm... so" Mandy replied just as a another drop squeezed past her defenses, she squirmed in order to contain the wave of desperation washing over her. Causing her to loose another 2 drop's in her panties, creating a little wet spot.

"Oh my Mandy! Are you ok?" Emily asked with a badly faked concerned voice, while watching in delight how Mandy was hunched over, clenching every muscle in her body in order to stay dry for the next minutes until the scheduled break.

"Y Yes... I just had a cramp" Mandy replied trying not to give Emily any more ammunition to use against her.

"Looked more like a cramp in your bladder" Emily chuckled

"Like right here!" Emily said, poking Mandy's bladder with her finger

"Please! Emily! Stop!" Mandy gasped, loosing another bit in her pants.

"Awww desperate? Let's hope Mandy won't loose it a few minutes before the rest-stop!" Emily teased

"Please, don't do this to me, Emily!" Mandy now pleading

"Ok ok..." Emily replied.

Mandy was now slowly but constantly loosing drops in her panties, while she counted every second until they arrived at the rest-stop.

She was full, very full. But she was still wondering why she was leaking that much, she had never leaked so much in the past. While she was focusing on her throbbing bladder and fighting with all her power to stop her from leaking, she was awakened by Emily.

"Look Mandy! Just on mile until the toilet." Emily said, pointing at a sign.

Mandy also spotted the sign for the rest-stop on the road.

"Ah fina... UGH!" Mandy's reply got stuck in her throat as Emily used the opportunity while she was distracted to give her a slap right on her bulging bladder. Mandy hunched over and tried to regain control over her now convulsing bladder. After a few moments she succeeded, but now saw a small dark patch on the seam of her jeans. Luckily it was small enough to let it pass as a combination of shade and color of her jeans.

She would just have to stop leaking now, or it would quickly turn in a bigger, not deniable patch...

Now the exit finally came into sight, and the driver entered the off-ramp and proceeded on the car-park. All the way in the back Mandy spotted a big sign:

Government Vehicles Only

Mandy's heart sank, this could not be good...

