My first fiction - Page 10

*225*2019-03-10 01:09

Sarah hugged her mum tightly, never wanting to let go. She looked over at Will who was casually watching TV as if nothing special had just happened. Finally she caught his eye as she slowly let go of her mum as she smiled and winked at Will through her wet eyes. Will reached out and wiped Sarah’s tears from her cheek before nonchalantly commenting that some random person from Brighton was on the verge of winning thousands on the TV quiz.

‘I’ve never watched this before Barbara. So does that man just need to answer one more question to win? Hey I wish I could earn that much for just answering some general knowledge. This is more exciting that I thought it would be!’

Sarah laughed openly. For a man who couldn’t even speak when she first met him he couldn’t be more different now. Sarah loved how he could soften even the most tense situation by saying something so interesting. He was so genuine and so innocent and his naturalness was so appealing.

Laughing wasn’t the best idea though as suddenly she felt like she had to find the bathroom more urgently. It just didn’t feel right to leave though so she quickly crossed her legs tight and used her arms to pull her knees in towards her while swinging her top leg. For a moment the three of them watched to see if the jackpot would be won as the programme spun the whole affair out as long as possible. Sarah sat upright in her seat feeling every bit as tense as she thought the contestant would be. Since laughing just a minute ago her need to pee had became much more acute and unfortunately it didn’t seem to be subsiding at all. Sarah couldn’t help but wriggle to try and get more comfortable, thankful that both Will and her mum where more interested in the TV than her.

Before the show had climaxed Patsy returned, as promised, with a tray with mugs, tea pots, milk and sugar and a few biscuits.

‘Hi, Sorry I took so long. We’re a little short staffed today and I got a call to help a colleague. Help yourself, though your mum is scheduled to have dinner in 45 minutes so I haven’t put many biscuits out. Thanks again for coming. If you need anything else just ask.’

Sarah was just about to ask if there was a ladies she could use when Patsy rushed off. She didn’t feel it was acceptable to chase her so she would wait for her to come back for the tray and ask her then. She looked over to see her mum and Will holding hands both engrossed still with the screen in front of them. It was so surreal to see her mum and Will together, her mum having been a significant part of her life for four decades whilst Will had only been in her life a matter of weeks. She hadn’t expected Will to talk, or her mum to recognise her, or...well any of it. It was so unexpected. She almost felt guilty to interrupt them.

‘Mum, do you want a cuppa?’

‘Yes Patsy. The usual. Thanks’

Will immediately turned to Barbara.

‘Do you want to touch the hair again Barbara? Besides you think I came with Patsy? I mean she’s nice and all that but not a patch on your daughter, Sarah, now.’

Will leaned over and whispered to Barbara, gently and casually.

‘It’s Sarah lovely. Sarah, your daughter. with the beautiful hair, gorgeous eyes and sweetest voice. Patsy is away to cook dinner. Remember.’

‘I said Sarah, didn’t I? It’s that TV. You just heard me wrong.’

Sarah smiled at Will. She had to give him points for trying but twice in one day to hear her mum call her by her name was stretching things, even for superhero Will.

Sarah stood up to reach the teapots to pour her mum a drink. It didn’t matter if her mum forgot what she took in it as Sarah knew regardless. Leaning down to the coffee table Sarah found herself doing a sort of courtesy as her bladder reminded her of a need to be emptied. Pouring water was the last thing she wanted to do as she had to move to get more control.

‘You ok Sarah? I’m not a huge fan of tea normally but it’s so warm in here, as you said it would be, so if there’s enough could I have a cup? You should have one too Sarah as you could end up getting a headache in this warmth.’

Sarah was warm, and thirsty, but she mostly wished she knew where the toilet was and that she felt able to excuse herself. She’d definitely need to ask as soon as she saw a staff member. She could feel her need increasing fast.

Still she poured three teas out before answering Will quietly.

‘I’m ok. Well sort of. It’s just...I’ll be fine.’

Will knew what was wrong, how could he not, but it wasn’t his place to say. Besides he could hardly help Sarah when he had never set foot in the building before nor did he know any of the staff. Besides if Sarah wasn’t willing to say she was busting for the toilet he could hardly ask on her behalf. He watched with interest as he added a little milk to his mug and stirred his tea. He handed the milk to Sarah who added a little to her own mug and some to her mums before stirring in a spoon of sugar for her mum.

Sarah lifted the mug and handed it to her mum, though Will took it first and sat it back down on the edge of the table.

‘I’m not sure she can hold it? Does she manage usually? It’s not easy to hold liquid for long is it? I think I should help don’t you?’

Will was well aware of the double meaning to his words every bit as Sarah was. He was trying to help her admit her need party to help her and party because hearing her say it turned him in so much. It seemed a bit out of character for Sarah to be so evasive about needing to pee since they both shared such a passion for omorashi but Will could sense being with her mum seemed to change Sarah and make her embarrassed about admitting a basic need. He couldn’t help but wonder if there was a reason behind it or if it was just Sarah wanting to treasure what precious time she had with her mum.

*228*2019-03-11 00:22

Will far preferred coffee to tea but, just as Sarah had said earlier, the home was way too hot and any liquid was welcome right now. He sipped at his cup and lifted Barbara’s to help her as he noticed, despite her already full bladder, that Sarah was sipping hers too. Will’s mind was taking him to places he ought not to go to but he honestly couldn’t help himself. Seeing Sarah restless, squirming but trying to hide her need was such a huge turn on. He crossed his legs to hide his growing erection.

The quiz had ended on the TV and Barbara seemed much less interested in the current affairs programme now on. Will helped her sip some more tea as he tried getting to know her more, partly because he felt that’s what was expected and partly because he did actually like her, which surprised him greatly as Will wasn’t a people lover in any way. He reckoned the fact she had similar looks and mannerisms to her daughter plus the fact she held no power or agenda like others helped her break the rules. Will was so uncomfortable trying to start a conversation but he tried his best. Sarah seemed so fixated with her own troubles, both physically and emotionally that she was struggling.

‘So Barbara, what’s it like here? Is the food good?’

‘Oh it’s nice here. You should get a room...what was your name again? The room service is good and the bed nice. The bar is a bit rubbish though but the entertainment is fair. It’s popular too. There’s a big guest list you know.’

Once again Will wanted to laugh, this time though he actually did.

Sarah looked at him sadly and suddenly Will felt he had somehow let her down badly. He hated that feeling and he just wasn’t sure what he had done. Barbara was funny, and while it was obvious her memory was fading, she was spirited and smart and she’d obviously been to many a bar in her youth.

Sarah was torn. Whilst she loved seeing her mum, and she was so happy Will seemed relaxed around her mum too, she also needed away now as seeing and hearing her mum was tearing her heart in two. She felt so uncomfortable and anxious, not helped one but by the fact she had an over full bladder and longed to find a bathroom. She hoped the residents would be eating soon so she could nip to a loo and drop Will home. She needed a good cry and time to be alone and think. First she needed to wee though. She looked around longing to catch the attention of a staff member and her heart beat faster as she saw Patsy heading over looking bright and cheerful. It must be time for dinner and therefore she could pee and get out of here.

Will was busy sipping his tea and thinking over what Barbara had just said when suddenly Patsy was almost beside them, clearly animated and excited.

‘Oh Sarah, thank goodness you are still here. Peter and Mandy have just come in. They don’t always come at this time on a Saturday but, anyway, they have today and I’m just so glad they did. I told them you were here and they said they would love to talk with you, if you want to of course? They can say much more than I could on the phone, being the owners and all that. Oh I’m so glad you can talk to them. You can stay ten minutes to meet them can’t you? They told me just to take you to their office right away.’ She paused and looked over at Will and Barbara.

‘Now Barbara you know Sarah and Will need to go now. Sarah will be back next weekend, remember? And I’m here to take you to dinner now. It’s roast beef tonight. You love that.’

‘Oh do I? Is Alex here yet. I’ll keep him a seat anyway.’

Will watched as Sarah’s eyes filled and a tear rolled silently down her cheek. As Patsy walked over to get Barbara Will took Sarah’s arm in his as she stood up, awkward and upset.

‘Sarah’, he said quietly, ‘do you want me to come in or I can wait in the car? I would rather be with you but it’s your call.’

Sarah drew herself close to Will allowing his arms to surround her. She wanted to cry but she hated feeling fragile and weak. Will wanted to make everything better. He couldn’t cure Sarah’s mum but maybe he could at least sort something else for her.

He bend down slightly to whisper in her ear.

‘Do you want me to ask where the loo is babe. You’ve been holding ages and you look absolutely bursting sweetie.’

Hidden in Will’s arms Sarah was still squirming, dancing and even holding herself with her back to everyone. As much as Will was hard as a brick and horny he knew Sarah needed all her concentration on this meeting. He could soon replay this in his head, as he knew he already would, and sort his own need out later.

Patsy had now hooked Barbara’s arm in hers as she guided her along the corridor and beckoned for them to follow.

‘Yes to both Will. Thank you,’ was all Sarah could muster through pent up tears.

‘Patsy, would it be at all possible to use the bathrooms before we see the owners at all? Thanks.’

Will was amazed at his own courage but he knew Sarah needed him.

‘Oh, that’s not as easy as it should be Will. It’s just we make sure to take all the residents right before every meal. It’s our policy to try and prevent...you know...but Peter and Mandy won’t be long and by the time you come out the clients will all be eating. Any other time it would have been no problem. Sorry about that.’

Will looked over at Sarah who was even more tearful now. Will felt so helpless and sorry for her but he really didn’t know what else he could do.

*230*2019-03-11 12:36

{{11 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn poor Sarah

}}

It’s not good is it.

*234*2019-03-11 23:55

Will and Sarah entered the owner’s office hand in hand, both anxious and emotional, and sat down on two separate upright cushioned chairs opposite a large and cluttered desk. The room had a cold air about it, painted in neutral colours and Will sensed it was a room that held sad news often. As if to confirm his thoughts his eyes were drawn to a box of man size open tissues near the centre of the large table. They sat on top of piles of papers surrounding a closed laptop and several discarded mugs. The room was small, musty and tucked away.

With just Will and Sarah in the room Sarah whispered.

‘I hope this is quick. I’m worried Will.’

Will lifted his hand and laid it gently on top of Sarah’s. He struggled to find the words, suddenly feeling dry and his heart beating fast. Before he could say anything though two people, who Will presumed to be Mandy and Peter, walked confidently in. Peter was tall, solemn looking and appeared fit. He was dressed in full business gear of suit, shirt and tie and shook Sarah and Will’s hands firmly. Beside him Mandy looked much smaller, more rounded and bubbly and her dress was much warmer, more approachable but non the less professional. She had on a flower calf length flowery dress with a suit jacket to match and she smiled warmly at both Will and Sarah as she shook their hands much more affectionately.

The owners sat down divided by the large table and Peter was the first to speak. His deep strong voice matched his demeanour exactly.

‘Good afternoon. It’s great to see you again Sarah, and to meet you...’

The silence lasted longer than was comfortable as Will had no idea what was expected. Sarah finally rescued him...

‘Will. This is my boyfriend Will.’

‘Great to see you Will. I hope my staff here have made you welcome? Sarah, I was going to phone you again. I know we chatted just over a week ago now but I was very aware you were working and our time was limited. You probably saw for yourself today how your mum is doing. Physically, at least, she appears well.’

Sarah shifted about in her seat uncomfortably. Will noticed Mandy seemed rather uncomfortable too. He assumed she was finding the whole situation, like he was, so difficult. She had her legs tightly crossed and she was looking at the door as if willing it all to be over.

‘She’s eating and drinking well, not unwell, and sleeping fine. She’s such a lovely woman Sarah and we are so delighted to have her here.’

Will noticed Sarah was bouncing her knee and biting her lip. He imagined how much she must be dying to use the bathroom now as she looked so full and ready to burst. He hoped, for Sarah’s sake, this would be over soon.

‘But as you are aware we have been having growing concerns about your mum’s memory. It started with her walking into the wrong rooms, then forgetting to brush her hair and it’s moved quickly on to her forgetting names, places, and even questions just asked. My staff have been noting everything down and last week I called her GP to see if she could be seen. Dr Waymouth say her yesterday afternoon and unfortunately the news isn’t good.’

Peter paused as the silence in the room was only interrupted by Sarah fidgeting and Mandy tapping her foot.

‘Sarah, I’m really sorry to tell you that your mum has dementia. Rest assured we will continue to do everything to look after her. She can remain here and my staff are thoroughly trained to cope. At this point we can’t say how fast or slow things will progress but we are keeping records and the GP has said he will call back in a fortnight and see how things are again. Do you have any questions?’

Sarah knew this was coming but still she felt like she had just been punched in the stomach by an cannon ball. Her stomach ached, her bladder ached and her head felt like it was about to explode. She instinctively pulled her legs up and wrapped her arms around them as she rocked both from hearing the news and from absolutely desperation to release her bladder.

Will wasn’t sure if he was about to say the worst thing ever or if Sarah even wanted what he did but he suddenly felt like he was suffocating. With his head beating so fast he felt dizzy, he broke the silence to quietly whisper to Sarah.

‘Sarah, do you want some fresh air?’

Will knew Sarah needed time to process what she had just been told but he also knew she was ready to explode from a full bladder and if they ‘went for air’ he could maybe at least help her find a bathroom. He couldn’t cure her mum but maybe he could save his girlfriend from an accident she would forever struggle with.

Mandy stood up and moved towards Sarah, resting her arm on her shoulder, rubbing it gently.

‘Peter and I will give you some space. You will need to excuse me a minute anyway as unfortunately I really must visit the ladies quite urgently and I will pick up some leaflets for you on my way back. If you have any questions we’ll be right back.’

Will gulped and hoped he wasn’t embarrassing Sarah at all but he was so worried about her and she looked like she was about to wet herself any second as she rocked and squirmed in the seat with tears in her eyes.

‘Actually, Mandy, would you mind showing Sarah where the ladies are? The poor girl has been bursting since we arrived an hour and a half ago and honestly I think she’s close to having an accident here.’

As if suddenly being given permission to show her need openly Sarah suddenly threw both hands between her legs and continued to rock, her legs stiffened and shaking as if she was masterbating.

‘I’m so sorry’ she sobbed.

Mandy grabbed Sarah by the arm and pulled her to standing.

‘Come on Sarah. Let’s get you some relief. I have to piss like you wouldn’t believe too. Quick!’

Mandy pulled Sarah out the room with Peter close behind leaving Will alone in the office, with nothing but his own raging hard on for company.

*237*2019-03-13 23:48

Sarah was so glad to be out of that room. She longed to be out of the nursing home completely but right now that couldn’t happen until she was able to use a toilet. She had serious doubts she would even make it to the car park dry right now let alone her car! Mandy was pulling her by the arm along a wide corridor, around a corner and down some stairs, the whole time Sarah was aware that any second the damn would break and she would be swimming in urine.

Finally Mandy stopped, pushed open a door and lead Sarah in. Sarah hoped with all her heart it was a ladies with more than one stall. Instead they entered a small staff room with padded seats in a square, a coffee table in the centre and kitchen units against one wall. Sarah had seconds to see it before being pushed through another door that finally seemed to be a bathroom. Inside she was faced with two doors, one with the traditional ladies image on the other with the gents sign. Mandy was already rushing into the ladies loo and Sarah pushed open the gents no longer caring what anyone thought as she could feel herself about to burst open.

Her bladder hurt, her lower back hurt and her head was pounding. As Sarah pulled her clothes aside she sat on the cold plastic toilet seat and cried as her body slowly allowed itself to relax. Allowing her body to release its waste fluid seemed to give it permission to release the stress, upset and pressure Sarah also felt in her heart. As warm light yellow liquid poured violently from Sarah’s bladder her tears streamed silently down her face, dripping onto her top. While still peeing hard Sarah pulled a little piece of toilet roll away to wipe her face as she looked down and noticed that her clothing wasn’t as dry as she had hoped.

Today had started so lovely by handcuffing a desperate Will to her bed but now the day was fast going downhill, and Sarah couldn’t help but wonder if this was all some sort of karma for preventing Will from peeing that morning.

Will’s heart was beating so fast he could hear it thumping loudly in the otherwise silence of the room. From the first Sarah voiced her need to pee over 90 minutes previously as they buzzed to get into the home, to her subtle knee bouncing as they had tea with her mum, to her cute courtesy pee dance as she poured her mum and Will more tea, to her frantic open holding and bouncing in the office minutes before, Will was struggling to prevent his own explosion from his very erect and swollen penis.

He was so on edge but so in danger of being caught, verging on having wet underwear which he imagined may also be the case from his awesome girlfriend. Oh how he wanted to be watching her pee, touching her underwear and smelling the scent of pee dribbles that had escaped. Will closed his eyes and felt his huge member twitch with utter desire. He was close, so close, to exploding without so much as even stroking once. The fact he could be walked in on at any moment only heightening the sexual tension within him. It was risky, very risky, but Will was physically shaking with the need for sexual release.

Will walked over behind the large desk and over towards the window, facing the wall to disguise the huge bulge in his tan trousers. He allowed his mind to wander to his date the night before and how Sarah had peed outside in front of her own car through her tights and underwear. He thought about her 90 minutes of holding he had just witnessed and wondered if she had maybe wet herself on accident again. His penis twitched so much as Will turned and walked over to the large office chair that Peter had just been sitting on. He grabbed the back of the chair to steady himself as he thrust against the back of the fabric on the chair feeling the friction against his dick through his trousers. 

Will closed his eyes and pictured Sarah peeing a long hard stream through her underwear, as he remembered the taste, smell and touch from the last time she did something like that and gave him her wet pants to keep. Will rubbed against the chair a little more as,his eyes still closed, he recalled wrapping the same wet pants around his own erect penis while Sarah watched. With one last thrust Will found himself feeling a huge release into his underwear relishing the warmth and stickiness around the tip of his swollen penis and down the shaft. Will leaned forward and grabbed a tissue from the box, bend down on his knees as if tying his laces, now hidden behind the desk, while he unzipped his trousers rubbing his wet and sticky cotton boxers around his long erection before risking pulling his penis out and drying it as best he could with the tissue.

Will heard footsteps so he threw the tissue away in the bin, pushed his member away and fastened up quickly, his heart racing and sweat sticking to the back of his shirt. He briefly saw a wet circle on his trousers, around the size of a one pound coin and he tried to pull his sleeveless pullover down to hide it. Will raced back to look out the window, as casually as he could, as the door to the room opened and Peter walked back in.

‘Are the ladies not back yet? Honestly I can not apologise enough for my wife. She’s so embarrassing excusing herself like that. If I’ve told her once I have told her hundreds of times that she really must learn to control herself. Us men are much better at controlling our bodies aren’t we? I can’t imagine a man getting himself in a position where he needed relief that urgently. Goodness me no!

Your poor girlfriend mate. I was just away to check on Barbara there so I could leave Sarah knowing her mum is at least well and being looked after. I can assure you my staff are well trained and caring you know. This is more than just a business to me.

I’ll just go get those leaflets shall I? Honestly Mandy was meant to get them. Huh.’

As Peter left the room again, Will let out the breathe he had subconsciously been holding since the door had opened. Will needed a drink, a strong coffee preferably.

Will took deep breaths and sat down where he had been previously, his head down and resting on his arms as he felt a sudden urge to pee.

It was time to get out of here. What was holding Sarah up?

*239*2019-03-14 00:35

{{8 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Peter sounds like a dick to me but now for Will to wait for Sarah to come back

}}

CAnt have every character nice can I lol

*242*2019-03-14 22:55

Finally finishing her long pee Sarah pulled her wet knickers up followed by her jeans. The wetness of her pants against her vaginal lips made her feel so sexually aroused and her jeans felt much more comfortable now her bladder had deflated. It wasn’t until Sarah fastened her jeans that she realised just how wet her crotch really was. Embarrassed and horrified she pulled her grey top down as far as she could in a vain attempt to hide it. She turned and flushed the toilet and tentatively opened the door to the sink. Mandy was busy washing her hands and Sarah hoped she wasn’t about to start talking. The only thing Sarah wanted right now was to get back to Will and get home.

‘Sorry for going in first there. It was an...emmm.....emergency. I’d been with Peter for hours and there just wasn’t anywhere to go. I would have went before the meeting but...well nevermind. At least I made it. I hope you did too?’

Mandy wasn’t actually looking at Sarah while she spoke, other than indirectly via the mirror above the sink. That meant at the most she could see Sarah’s face and chest but nothing lower. Even though Sarah knew that she still rested her hands in front of her crotch to hide where she had wet. With her head bowed she whispered.

‘Not quite.’

Mandy turned around to see Sarah as her eyes scanned her from the top of her bright auburn hair to the bottom of her feet, pausing as she saw Sarah’s hands attempting to cover the crotch of her jeans.

‘Oh. Sorry. I’m really sorry. It’s happened to me so often. Are you ok?’

‘Yeah. I’m just heading home now. Thanks.’

Mandy stepped aside to let Sarah access the sink while she dried her hands on a paper towel. Sarah didn’t want to talk about it but Mandy had other ideas. Sarah turned on the tap and pressed soap on her hands.

‘Sarah, can I ask you something?’

‘Yeah. I guess so.’

‘Will you tell Will what happened?’

Sarah turned and looked at Mandy, the joint owner of her mums nursing home, for all intensive purposes a stranger to her, yet asking what Sarah felt was very personal question. She hadn’t expected that question, nor did she feel in any way like answering it.

Sarah remained silent though she could feel her neck turning red. She busied herself washing and drying her hands and then pulled the door open to guide Mandy out, still having not answered her.

‘Sorry, that was a bit nosy of me. It’s just well...Peter...’

Mandy didn’t bother saying more. With the door to the corridor open she couldn’t risk it. Sarah had too much on her mind to have room to worry what on earth Mandy was talking about. She just wanted to get Will and get herself out of here urgently. Mandy seemed anxious but not a patch on how Sarah felt, as she walked back to the managers office as quickly as she could.

The ladies hadn’t gone far when they heard Peter chatting to a member of his staff and a client, laughing and joking freely. Sarah felt it a little odd given how recently he had just delivered somber news to her, but maybe she was just feeling a little over sensitive and emotionally fragile. Despite the ladies walking quickly and quietly Peter noticed them and walked briskly over to them. Sarah felt vulnerable, mortified, and worried. She pulled at her top to stretch it as far as she could and stood crossed legged with her hands over her thighs.

‘Oh there you are ladies! You took your time. Everything alright? Sarah I really am sorry about your mum. Don’t hesitate to call me anytime if you want to talk about it. My door is always open for you.’

Sarah felt even more uncomfortable than ever. Peter just seemed to change like the wind. Just seconds ago he was laughing loudly and now being sympathetic and friendly, almost too friendly?

Will’s face was hot and red. He was angry at what he had done and suddenly panicking that the room may have cameras. He’d allowed himself to get carried away somewhere he absolutely shouldn’t have. He needed out of there and fast. He thought he heard Peter’s voice nearby so he grabbed Sarah’s handbag and pushed the office door open. He could see Mandy and Sarah along the corridor facing him, blocked in front by Peter who was leaning with one hand on the wall preventing the girls from passing. Will felt even more uncomfortable. Social situations were often a huge confusion to him but an uneasiness swept over him as he walked towards the three adults, the ladies aware of his approach but Peter oblivious.

‘Sarah you look a little awkward? Are you ok? Oh don’t tell me you never made it? You know we’ve plenty clients here with those sort of troubles so if you ever need, you know, some protection, just say. In a place like this we have cupboards full of them. I could show you were it is if you want me too?’

Peter had switched back to grinning and smiling and winked at Sarah as he spoke.

Mandy quickly hooked her arm in Sarah’s as she looked to Will.

‘Oh Will! Sorry we took so long. I had to take Sarah to a set of loos further away as the clients were in the nearby ones. Then we got chatting. I’m sure you two will be keen to be getting away now.’

At the mention of Will Peter changed again, immediately standing straight and turning around to face him.

Sarah let her arm escape from Mandy as she made a beeline for Will. Will grabbed his girlfriend’s hand tight as he turned to walk to the front door as briskly as he could. He wanted out. Oh he really needed the bathroom but going now was not even a consideration. Even Will could work that one out.

Mandy caught up with them to remove Sarah’s visitor lanyard as Will grabbed his own and almost threw it at Mandy, who used her own lanyard to unlock the door just as Peter drew closer to shake both their hands.

Peter held out his hand but neither Sarah nor Will responded. They were out the door and heading for Sarah’s car before the door even closed behind them.

*244*2019-03-15 12:22

Apologies for the name mis ups. The hazards of writing late at night! All corrected now.

*246*2019-03-17 01:01

Sarah pressed the automatic central locking on her car as soon as her car was in sight and Will and herself were inside pulling their seat belts on in seconds. Sarah was about to start the car when something stopped her.

‘Will, listen. Isn’t that Peter’s voice?’

From a nearby window, the very one Will had been looking out of not ten minutes before, they could hear raised voices. It was definitely and unmistakable Peter and what sounded like Mandy too. Will just wanted to head right away, party due to his anxiety but mostly due to the fact he urgently needed a bathroom visit. Urgent was a bit of an understatement as he found himself pinching himself through his trousers as he felt himself close to bursting, the dampness from his earlier session making things worse.

‘It is Sarah but maybe we should..em...just head away.’

‘Will, my mum is living there. That man is in charge. Shhh. Listen.’

Listening was the absolute last thing Will wanted to do but he had very little choice as Sarah had the power as the driver right now. For the second time in one day the release of his bladder was completely under her control, except this time she actually had no idea he so desperately had to wee. Still Will could hear voices and a part of him was curious. There was something about Peter that made him very uneasy but he just couldn’t figure out what. With his legs crossed tightly he did his best to listen with Sarah.

‘I will say whatever I like to whoever I like Mandy and you have absolute no control over me at all. You have a bloody cheek to speak to me like that when you had the audacity to leave a professional meeting with a distressed client just to use the toilet. How many times have I warned you that that sort of behaviour is utterly deplorable and punishable. You hear me! If you can not so much as take charge over your own bladder then you ought to be ashamed of yourself. Have you any idea how embarrassed I was when my own wife told an upset client that her bladder was more important than her Alzheimer’s mum? Don’t you know that Miss Henderson is a therapist? Stop and think you stupid woman! She has contacts. She is seeing people who have problems. That could mean elderly relatives. She has bloody influence to send more paying clients our way! And you could have ruined that by what? An inability to hold your piss in five more minutes! Seriously!’

‘I’m sorry. Honest I am. But the way you looked at Sarah! The way you spoke to her. You’re supposed to be MY husband. And you knew full well I was desperate to go! I’d been with you in the business meeting in town, drinking with your friends. You heard me say in the car but still you wouldn’t let me go. It was either I made an excuse or wet myself in front of that couple. Is that what you really wanted? I saw the way you looked at Sarah. I’m not stupid!’

‘Look I’ve told you. You go when I say so and no other time. End of conversation.’

As the voices stopped Sarah started her car and looked over at Will before turning back to facing forwards to drive. The space in front was free so Sarah drove through to the next row in preference to reversing.

‘Will did you hear all that? I think I need to get my mum out of there. What do you think?’

‘Mmmm. Ohhh. Yeah definitely honey.’

Sarah indicated to leave the car park of the home and was busy watching the road but she had noticed Will’s voice struggle and she could hear him moaning under his breath.

‘You ok Will? I don’t t know about you but I’m starving. Do you want dropped at yours or do you fancy a take away at mine?’ Oh I really thought on a Saturday evening the roads would be much less busy. I wonder if there was a sports event on or something?’

Will was reaching his limit. He could usually hold his bladder for very long periods of time but he’d only pissed once today and that was after Sarah had finally released him from handcuffs earlier this morning. Besides after sexual release his need to pee was always 100 percent more urgent and harder to hold back. He undid the fly of his tan trousers, the very ones he had worn to their date last night and which Sarah had washed last night for him. He pulled his fly down and put his hand inside to massage his penis. He could almost imagine letting go right now and feeling the warm wetness run down the inside of his legs. He closed his eyes tight and squeezed himself hard.

‘Mmmm. Oh I’m quite hungry too. Ohhh. Shit. Babe is there like a supermarket or something around here do you know? It’s just, you know...’

Sarah had to concentrate as she approached a busy junction leading to a five exit roundabout.

‘Just a minute Will while I get through here and onto the A road. I’m not as familiar with this bit since they changed it. What was that you were saying?’

Will bent forward with his hand clenching himself tightly. He could feel himself right on the edge. He opened Sarah’s glove box in desperation praying she had an empty bottle he could use to alleviate some of the pressure. He was in a lot of discomfort but he could see Sarah needed to focus on driving as it was getting darker by the minute and the traffic was heavy. He looked around to see if there were any signs of a supermarket or even a fast food restaurant they could detour to but the traffic was too congested and there were too many large buildings to see anything much at all.

For a moment Sarah thought about nothing else other than getting into the road she wanted and Will thought of nothing else other than the fact he had an excruciating urgent need to urinate and nowhere to go. He kneeded and stroked and pinched his penis for all he was worth through his damp boxers while his other hand nursed at his swollen and hard bladder. He moaned softly as sweat collected on his forehead as if he was running a marathon.

Finally Sarah indicated to pull off the roundabout onto the A road and she gained speed as she headed in the direction for Springland. The sign saying 23 miles to Springland brought tears to Will’s eyes. He knew it had taken half an hour to drive here and there was just no way his body could wait that long to pee.

‘Sarah, do you know if there’s anywhere we could stop soon. I could do with....I sort of would like...it’s just....fuck Sarah I’m about to piss myself so badly here. I’m literally bursting sweetheart. Please please could you pull in somewhere as soon as. So sorry.’

‘Oh Will. I had no idea. Is it bad?’

Will slipped his hand inside his boxers and rubbed his thumb over the tip of his throbbing penis.

‘Really bad Sarah. Really really bad. It’s ready to come.’

*249*2019-03-20 17:09

‘Ok Will. You trust me, right? Just hold on sweetheart and as soon as I can I will pull over or something. You know I actually can’t remember when you last went and I’ve been with you all day! It’s almost 6pm. When did you last pee?’

‘Oh God. I so need to go babe. It was...it was this morning when you got the call and released me. You know...oh Sarah I’m honestly gonna piss myself..when you handcuffed me? How much longer before you can stop?’

‘Oh my word! No wonder you are so bursting! Have you had to go long? You must be so desperate honey!’

‘Mmmmm. Oh shit this is bad! It came on strong. When I was alone in the office. I’m not joking. I HAVE to piss so bad.’

Will was bouncing in the seat, squirming around and fondling his penis and testicles directly with his hand inside his open trousers and boxers. His teeth were clenched, sweat pouring from his forehead, his whole body tense and agitated. He could not sit still as he bent forward rubbing and pinching himself as wave after wave of urgency pushed through him so strong it was all he could do to stop himself screaming. Tears gathered in his eyes, his cheeks red with exertion, as he pushed his body to a place of extreme. He moaned and whined uninhibited and desperate.

‘You’re doing great. Keep it up. I’m sure there’s a lay-by not far away. I’ll pull in there. Just keep hanging on. You can do this!’

‘I have to piss. I have to piss. I really have to piss’ Will repeated over and over as if neither he nor Sarah were aware of it. His penis twitched and each twitch sent another urgent wave through Will’s body and he struggled to hold back. He pinched, stroked, squeezed and rubbed his dick for all he was worth internally begging it to not let urine escape despite his whole body pumping urine in its direction. He was full, more than full, and about to burst. Every second felt like an eternity.

Will looked around the car in a panic. Any second now his body was about to burst open and out of respect for Sarah he didn’t want to soak her car yet again. He saw something and knew he had no choice.

He turned to his side, bending as low as the seat belt allowed, faced the window and pulled out his member, pointing it low and squeezing it tightly into the small plastic door storage used for papers, small items of rubbish or maps. As he did so a warm squirt immediately spurted out into the door storage, collecting at the bottom and speeding along the thin plastic area. Will’s face was bright red, his body struggling, urgent longing consuming him. Quietly, embarrassed Will muttered,

‘I’m sorry Sarah. I’ll dry it out when we get to yours. It’s just I have to. It won’t stay in. I’m unable to do this. I can’t stop it.’

‘Look Will, I’m just approaching the lay by now. Just hold another 30 seconds or so.’

Will squeezed for all he was worth but still another squirt leaked, dripping continuously from his throbbing penis into the door storage. The plastic storage pocket was long but so thin and as another longer spurt escaped Will watched as warm foaming urine filled the tiny store area three quarters full. Will pinch his penis closed moaning loudly.

‘I can’t stop it. I’m so sorry. So sorry. I have to piss. I have to piss. Please stop. I have to piss.’

Sarah glanced briefly over at Will as she indicated to pull over. He was sweating, shaking and hunched over awkwardly towards the passenger door. Sarah longed to help him, console him, kiss him. Seeing him so desperate was such a huge turn on but she hated the idea of Will in pain. She just wanted to make everything ok for the man she deeply cared about.

‘Will I’m stopping sweetheart. You need to stop too. I’ll come open your door right now. Just hold on a few more seconds.’

Sarah pulled into the empty lay-by as quickly and safely as she could, putting her car in neutral, pulling on her hand brake and turning her engine off in seconds. She unclicked her seatbelt and stroked Will’s back to reassure him.

‘Just please let me out. I have to piss. It’s coming out again. Please.’

Sarah opened the driver’s door and ran round the back of her car to open Will’s door. He could have opened it himself but she figured he either had no hands free or he was in too much discomfort to think. She loved seeing him pee so she certainly wasn’t going to complain. It was dark and overcast but as Sarah opened the passenger door the internal light of her car and headlights of passing traffic lit enough for her to see everything she wanted to.

As she pulled the door open warm pee splashed from the door as Sarah saw exactly what Will had been doing. She then looked at Will, his bond curly hair wet with sweat as he hunched over, his trousers open, penis poking out from his exposed boxers covered by his sweating damp hands. Will was already facing the open door so Sarah gently prised his tightly wrapped fingers open, Will’s face facing the ground as he moaned but slowly relaxed.

Sarah could believe her eyes as warm urine poured out of Will’s body so fast and thickly as she took control of his penis gently holding and guiding it as he other hand stroked Will’s hair affectionately.

‘Oh wow. You held so much Will. You are wonderful. I can’t believe how much you held. You must have had to go so so bad sweetheart. It’s ok now. You are ok. Let go handsome. It’s all ok now.’

