Reasons She Couldn’t Go: Denied

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-06-23 23:37

Denied permission:

Dana looked around anxiously for the store cameras as she browsed the dresses in the department store for the third time that day. There was a thrill to just walking out a store without paying but there was also so much skill involved too. Taking the chosen dress and another decoy outfit on top she headed confidently to the changing rooms.

Dana had done this so many times. She knew exactly where to hide things, what could be worn were and how to make sure she wasn’t caught. It made her heart race with excitement as she hid the dress inside her jumper so the young girl at the changing rooms only counted one item to try on. Once in the fitting room Dana striped to her underwear, checked the garment over thoroughly for any security tags then tried it on, tucking the dress inside her underwear then carefully pulling her jeans back on and heading to the till to pay for the top that was in the sale.

Dana was feeling sure of herself as she walked out of the shop and into the shopping centre then walked towards the exit. She couldn’t wait to get home and hang up her prize, adding it to the numerous other stock she had gathered from other shops in recent months. It wasn’t her fault she liked things out of her price range and it served the shops right for overpricing things anyway. She felt totally justified in her actions and was proud of her achievements.

Walking through the revolving doors Dana felt a tap on her shoulder. Terrified, she tried running but with the door moving slowly she was trapped. Her arm was grabbed firmly and Dana knew she had been caught.

In the police station Dana remained silent. She knew the drill and she wasn’t prepared to say anything that could be used in evidence. ‘No comment’ was her answer for everything as she protested against the force being used as question after question was shouted at her. She was known to the police anyway, a long list of offences against her name but she also knew she would still likely get released yet again and at the end of the day she would do it again.

Taken to a cell Dana sat alone as the noise of the bolts closing echoed in her ear. It didn’t frighten her anymore, not like it did the first time. She also knew that because of human rights she would get something to eat and drink at government expense so there were definite perks to the situation. Sure enough water and a sandwich were there within the hour and handed through the bars. Dana consumed both and left the cup and wrapper on the floor, squashing them with her feet.

An hour passed and Dana tried lying on the hard bench. She’s been searched and the dress removed and now her jeans felt a little loose but still uncomfortable on the hard bench. She shut her eyes and let her mind wander. She must have dosed as she woke with a start, suddenly in dire need of a bathroom. She ran to the bars of the holding cell and shouted out.

‘Hey! Someone needed here urgently!’

Danny wandered down to check on Dana. He knew her well and even though she was half his age he secretly fancied her. Sure she was rough and ready, a known drug user and drinker and clearly having had a troubled past, but something about her soft golden hair, her young slender body and her brazen attitude was sexy and appealing. He had a rapport with Dana but he refused to let that affect how he treated her.

‘Yes madam?’

‘Listen I really need to pee here. You gonna let me out and escort me to the toilet?’

‘Now madam you know I can’t do that! You know it needs to be one of my female colleagues and unfortunately they are all currently busy. I will note your request though and get someone down to you as soon as possible. Anything else I can do for you?’

‘Is that effin’ solicitor of mine here yet? Go on! You know I won’t run or nought but God I need to pee!’

‘I will check on your solicitor and get back to you. Now if you settle down quietly I will be back as soon as I can. Be good for once man eh?’

Danny winked at Dana who had both hands on the bars and was marching on the spot dramatically. Dana grimaced back.

‘I really am bursting Constable.’ She said softly.

‘I can see that.’

Danny walked back to reception and updated the log. He checked the details of Dana’s solicitor and gave them a courtesy call. It went to answer machine on his mobile so Danny left a brief message. He looked around for any female officers but no-one was around so he carried on with everything else he had to do, his mind wondering how Dana might be doing.

Dana paced the cell frustrated and bursting. She’d had a drink at Wetherspoons at lunchtime with some mates and then another with the sandwich earlier. She checked her watch seeing it was now 7:15pm and thinking she now faced a full night in the cells again. It wasn’t comfortable but it was warm and dry and definitely not the worst place she had slept.

But right now she absolutely needed to pee!

She grabbed between her legs and returned to the bars shouting louder.

‘Hey come on! I need help!’

She couldn’t see much but she could hear a number of male voices and shouting. It appeared no-one could hear her.

‘Hey! Hey! Someone! Anyone! I need attention here!’

Danny took the details of the next detainee as best he could as he swore, spat and shouted throughout. He was sure he could hear Dana shouting again but over the other noise it was impossible to know for sure. He escorted his colleagues to the cell and locked the drunken man in as he heard Dana call again. This time Danny was stressed and busy and he couldn’t chat.

‘What is it?’

‘I’m desperate for the toilet! Come on it’s been ages! You can’t leave me like this! Come on!’

‘Sorry mam I can! Until there is a female officer free there’s nothing I can do. I will note your request and let you know when someone is free.’

And at that he walked away leaving Dana still holding herself.

The pressure Dana felt was relentless and strong.she couldn’t keep still and her legs impulsively squeezed, pushed, bounced, jumped and scissored in and out as her bladder ached to piss. She stood with her back firm against the wall pressing tightly between her legs with her hands, the crotch seam of her jeans pressing tight against her thong. That would work for a few minutes but then she paced around the cell which worked for a short time then she tried sitting down on the edge of the bench rubbing and rocking.

Nothing helped much at all as Dana became more and more agitated and angry.

‘I need to pee for fucks sake! What’s taking so long? They can’t keep denying me access to a toilet?’

But they did as Dana fidgeted and squirmed openly in the cell, even undoing her jeans and putting a hand tight over her vagina which tingled furiously for release.

She stamped her feet and banged against the walls in need as she fought against the battle in her bladder.

‘Oh my God I am so gonna piss myself! Come on! This is crazy! I just really have to pee here!’

Dana wasn’t sure she could hold much longer as she stood once again at the bars, her legs tightly crossed. For all her bravado she hated to do this but it was an emergency!

‘Will someone please come and let me out of here before I piss myself! Come on! I’m bursting’, she screeched loudly.

A minute or so latter Danny approached again.

‘Mam would you quieten down please! You are causing a disturbance. I am well aware of your situation and I have told you I have noted it down. Now there is nothing else I can do I am afraid. You can’t go until a female colleague is available and they are all currently busy.’

‘But, but I will piss myself. Honestly. This is ridiculous! I mean I have been holding for ages now and....oh come on can’t you just take me? Please. It’s an emergency here!’

Danny couldn’t help staring as Dana squirmed openly as he caught sight of her lace thong through her open jeans even with her had continually squeezing and rubbing herself.

‘You better not pee yourself there mam. For one I don’t have the staff at present to secure you while I clear up and secondly we need a sample when you do go. So just wait ok!’

There was no way Dana was giving a sample. She had too much to hide to allow that and right now she didn’t even care about any mess. All she cared about was releasing.

Another strong contraction hit suddenly and Dana found herself almost crying.

‘I...I can’t hold on much longer. Honestly Constable!’

Danny got close to the cell and stared at Dana as he whispered.

‘Just try’

Dana was so desperate her bladder hurt and she could see desire in the officer’s eyes. She screamed back:

‘I AM bloody trying but I can’t hold this! I can’t! I have to pee before I burst!’

Another strong contraction caused Dana to double over forwards holding her bladder.

With Danny still standing right by the bars, his eyes glued on Dana, she gave him a sight he knew he would never forget.

Dana could feel her urethra give way as her muscles threatened collapse.

In an instance she grabbed at her jeans and pulled them down, crouched down in front of the bars pushing her thighs forwards as she grabbed the bar with her hand. With her other hand she pulled the tiny gusset aside of her thong and relaxed as a current of warm light yellow urine arched through the bars and landed on the corridor outside the cell. Even taking a step back Danny could feel his polished black shoes get splashed and drops of urine splash onto his black work trousers.

Frozen in wonder and awe Danny stood against the corridor wall as Dana pissed for well over a minute, powerfully and sexually until she dripped a few final dribbles onto the floor by her cell as she moaned in relief.

‘So there’s your precious sample Mr! Serves you right for denying me a toilet doesn’t it!’

And at that Dana made herself decent again and sat quietly and innocently on her cell bench until she was next checked twenty minutes later, this time by a female officer who asked quietly if she still wanted to use the bathroom.

Dana went anyway, knowing the next time she might need one she could be denied again. She didn’t mention the sample and neither did the officer.

Neither did she mention the fact she had been denied a toilet earlier though she planned to tell, her solicitor tomorrow for sure. That’s if he ever bothered to show up!

*002*2020-06-24 13:48

{{6 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Another masterpiece! How do you come up with scenarios so simple yet so enticing to keep me hooked. I am so glad to have followed you 🤗

Will there be more of Dana in the coming days?

}}

This has been a one off series of short stories with another 7 still to go but I may use the characters again sometime. Thanks for reading and enjoying them. This was the fourth in this series.

*004*2020-06-24 21:30

{{52 minutes ago, SAM996 said:

I think there should have been a toilet in the cell for Dana to use but the predicament would be she'd be sharing a cell with others and would be too embarrassed to pee in front of them. But it's your story so you obviously went your ow way with it.

}}

That’s sounds good too but then it would be embarrassment preventing her going nit denial and this one was about denial. Some more to come yet as all sorts of reasons why people can’t just go when they need to.

