A Proper Lady [Downton Abbey]

Author: Miss Levinson

*012*2017-06-06 15:23

A Proper Lady

Fandom: Downton Abbey

Characters: Cora, Robert, Violet

Setting: pre- serie (around 1890)

WARNINGS for this chapter: desperation, wetting (bit explicit), mild sexual references.

Chapter 3: A Perfect Lady

The waiting for dinner wasn't bad at all. She managed to converse with her husband and mother-in-law as nothing was wrong and on more than one occasion she was sure she'd spotted some sort of admiration from the latter. Always in an utter discrete way.

Perhaps Violet thought she'd relieved herself before coming down? But no, they both knew she would have never done such thing, because she still had to prove something, she still had to honor a deal and she was not the cheating one. Violet could think a lot about her but she knew Cora was sincere with everything she did.

“Dinner's served, milady.” The butler announced and Violet exited first the sitting room toward the dining room.

Cora rose up from her seat, smiling sweetly as she followed her husband. The dull ache she felt in her crotch was rather because of her long, endured holding than the actual amount of liquid inside her bladder, now that she wasn't squeezed by the corset. Still, it wasn't easy. The small leaking she had in the garden a couple of hours before only reminded her body the bliss of aiming for a hollow bladder, which itself claimed the yearned the full release of its content. It was a mere mental state. She could do it, cause now it was like having an almost fresh start.. she just needed to fool her body, making it believe there was still room inside of her, that it could wait longer with no troubles at all. She could take over her body. She had to.

Cora frowned when a big bowl of consomme was placed in front of her. She could smell the delicious fragrance of it, a beef consomme, her favorite; it would have been odd for her to refute it or not finish it to the very end. She had to gulp it down.

As soon as she dipped her spoon in the golden liquid, her bladder complained. And she hadn't even started to eat yet.

She decided to go for a leg crossing under the table. It went unnoticed.

Spoon after spoon, she stuffed her stomach with that tasteful soup, trying to focus on the taste rather than on the hot liquid way down to her lower part of her body. In that moment she felt like her mouth was directly linked to her bladder even if it was not.

Dinner was quiet, they were all tired for the long day and she simply hated that sound of spoons hitting the china, as well she hated hearing every noise Violet and Robert made as they drink from their glasses of water. Of course, she didn't touch hers.

When she'd finished, Cora noticed she was slightly fidgeting on her chair. Settling back her napkin on her knees, she rubbed briefly her crotch. The kindest pressure there made her almost leak.

Cora swallowed, striving to keep her composure and a straight face. She wasn't expecting to fill so quickly. Perhaps she'd overestimated her body. Worst error she could've made, but what else she could do other than avoiding beverages?

“I was thinking about expanding the rose garden.” Violet's sharp voice cut the air and Cora was happy that someone had decided to break the silence, so she could have some distraction.

“The baron's one was lovely.” Cora agreed. She knew that her mother-in-law was envy. She couldn't bear the thought of having a smaller.. anything.

“Maybe we could find some new types of flowers.” Robert cut in, gesturing for the butler to refill his wine glass.

Cora watched in horror as the man poured the golden liquid in the crystal, slowly, creating that annoying sound of a small waterfall for an instant. To her, it seemed an eternity.

“We could ask the gardener to start some research. I can talk to him tomorrow morning.” Cora proposed, thinking hard at that moment when her bladder would be finally empty and her life would continue normally.. as a real, certified, Lady.

“Awesome idea. Cora would you like to taste this?” Robert was openly smiling at her, keeping the butler in waiting, with the wine decanter in hands.

Cora gasped a little, crossing a glance with Violet, who remained completely impassive.

“I think I drank too much champagne at the party.” The girl politely refused with a sweet smile and the butler bowed a little before stepping back to his place.

“Just a sip, darling. I really want you to taste it.” Robert took a sip himself “It's sweet, just how you like it.”

Cora swallowed and smile. There was no reason to deny once more: after all, what would have been a taste of wine for an unknowing person? What was just a sip of wine for her, after all that consomme?

“All right, then.” She conceded and the pleased look on her husband's face repaid her doubt. She moistened her lips with the cold wine, almost immediately enjoying its taste. She dared to take a sip and let the gulp slip down her throat. She smiled.

“You were right, I like it.” Cora nodded and for a moment she saw the approving look of Violet.

Cora had to clench hard her muscles for that sip had gone right in her bladder. It throbbed painfully for a moment, but luckily it settled down, only giving Cora an evident feeling of heaviness and fullness in her abdomen. She uncrossed and recrossed her legs.

She was just happy that Robert hadn't insisted more after her admittance and let her have just that scarce glass, which she had to drink all down anyway because it would have been weird otherwise.

The second curse was very light: chicken, salad and finally an ice-cream with apple slices. It all ended up quickly and, thanking heaven, Cora had to leave the dining room quite soon.

She, of course, hadn't the chance of testing her muscles and actual state until she rose up from her chair. She faked a little stumble on a chair's legs so she could grip onto something, rubbing, for a moment, her thighs together. She felt like bursting.

Yet she couldn’t even grab herself: she was surrounded by people.

The small walk she had to do from the dining room back to the sitting room was torture. She had to pretend everything was fine when, actually, nothing was.

Cora let herself almost fall into her favorite sofa, immediately crossing her ankle to increase the tightness of her hold.

They started to chat a little more about the party, about Robert's friends who believed that a war was ahead in the Southern region of Africa, discussing his possible role in the army.. all in a theoretical way, just in the mere excuse of a conversation.

She was listening closely, rocking ever-so-lightly on her spot to feel some sort of friction in her privates, when the corner of her eye caught the silver tray that had been lower down for her. The footman was offering her her usual cup of herbal tea.. how could she have forgotten about that?

“Thank you.” She politely accepted her infusion and the footman diligently stepped back.

Violet threw her an impressed look.

It was exactly the fuel that Cora needed to drink that last cup down, sipping elegantly like she would have done normally. She was even thankful that Violet proposed taking an early night as soon as everybody had finished her drink – it would have been unkind to do otherwise – not to prolong her daughter-in-law agony more than necessary.

When they prepared to leave and give their goodnight at the staff, Violet smiled at her and though it wasn't morning and the Countess hadn't yet given her the verdict, Cora had a great sensation about it.

She climbed up the stairs with Robert, him holding the candle for the both of them and with the excuse of lifting the hem of her skirt to avoid a trip on the stairs, she discretely rubbed the tips of her fingers on her crotch, daring to slip her forefinger within when the step allowed her to do so.

She felt the desperation building quickly, so quickly that she feared the heat she felt on her folds was actually a leaking she couldn't recognize.

Robert stopped in front of the Mercia room, Cora's bedroom, and bend down to kiss her cheek. Cora removed her hand unseen.

“I'll see you later.” He informed, smiling.

She smiled back, but she was happy that it was dark so her pallor hadn't been noticed. That last sentence meant tonight Robert expected from her to fulfill her wife's duty. After a long day out, after a whole day of strenuous holding, he expected from her to put other stress on her poor body.

But after all, it was what a proper Lady was suppose to endure; and having intercourse with Robert was, so far, her favorite activity. She needed to think of it as a sort of reward for her really hard challenge.

She waited for him to turn his back to her and then suddenly all the pressure hit her like a wave. Cora grabbed herself with both of her hands, harder than ever before, squeezing her fingers against her sex until it hurt.

The bathroom. Now she could finally go to the bathroom! After all those hours of holding, she could let go. She was so happy she almost cried.

She walked into her room with slow steps, each time bucking her hips and pushing further up her forefingers into her folds, as the layers of clothes allowed.

Cora was heading toward the bathroom and never in her life it had seemed so far from her. She couldn't run or else she was sure she'd leak on the carpet and she couldn't have that.

She had just crossed her vanity when she felt a hot spurt dampening her thigh.

Cora immediately grabbed the back of the chair, sitting down on it to regain control. She doubled over her fingers, commanding her own muscles to clench a little longer. She was shaking.

She panted hard as she tried to stand up, but in that exact moment, the door squeaked open and her maid came in with her nightgown. She hadn't turned her attention to her mistress right away, so Cora had time to remove her hand and take a decent position. Yet, she couldn't help but buckle into her seat.

Cora's heart dropped and she felt her eyes stinging with desperate tears. She couldn't go until she left the room, because she was still under judgment. Personal principles. And self-esteem, of course, she couldn't let her maid witness to her mistress wetting herself or absolutely bursting for a wee.

“Could we hurry up, please?” Cora demanded, her voice cracked a little and she cleared her throat “I'm really tired.” She explained.

“Of course m'lady.” The maid replied, bolting right away to her mistress to help her out of the frock.

Cora stood up on her quivering legs, waiting patiently as the girl unbuttoned the dress. Since she was giving her back to the maid, Cora grabbed herself to avoid any other leaking, checking on the mirror on her vanity if the maid could actually see her and what she was doing. Apparently not.

She sighed in relief when the dress fell off her shoulders and she just had to step out of it with a little movement, then the petticoat and chemise. She was finally free.

Lastly, she slipped her nightgown on and Cora was ready for bed.

She just stood there for a couple of seconds, gripping on the back of the chair to wait for her to go, so she could run to the bathroom. For some reason, she wasn't feeling comfortable with going when the maid was still in the room. Suppose her stream would last forever, suppose she would pee full-force, hence being loud, suppose she couldn't avoid moaning for the pleasure of a relive. No, she couldn't. She felt incredibly shy about that, no matter her despair.

She waited until the girl bent down to collect her clothes and she hurriedly walked to the bed, hiding under the cover so she could grab herself, hard.

Her eyes were studying the girl's movements, praying so hard for her to be quick and not noticing the small patches on the fabrics, result of her leaking. Luckily the maid had collected the ball of clothes without checking on them or else Cora would have died from embarrassment.

Cora was fidgeting uncontrollably under the sheets, her nightgown covering her modesty, her fingers rubbing down the length of her sex to give herself some sort of relief that never came.

They gave each other goodnight and then she was already savoring the moment she could slip out the bed and finally go to the bathroom, before Robert would come in and pretend to get down to business.

It was now or never. She waited for her to leave, but in the exact moment in which she slipped her leg out from the covers, touching the floor and, for an instant, spreading her legs, she felt a leaking. The realization hit her like a painful slap: she couldn't move without wetting the floor.

And then Robert came in.

She quickly returned under the covers, grouping her nightdress up so she could shove both her hands down between her legs. The direct contact helped much better. But she had no escape now.

Cora felt like crying.

“You're beautiful, my darling.” He greeted, nice and kind like always, as he removed his robe and slippers.

Cora smiled warmly at him but her face turned into a mask of horror when he walked closer and closer to the bed. She moved one hand from her crotch to her stomach, over her bladder as if she could give it some help to support.. of course, it didn't help and the temporally lighter hold of her sex made her spurt again. She returned quickly to her double-hold, biting hard on her lip to find a solution.

“Robert,” She swallowed and he took his time to sit next to him before looking at her. He frowned because she looked odd “I don't think I can-” she panted, shaking her head. She had no choice but tell him. She had no choice and she was dying.

“Cora, are you all-right?” He seemed preoccupied now. He cupped her face with his hand, looking directly into her eyes “What's wrong?”

“I- I can't-” She whined and when a sharp wave worked painfully on her throbbing bladder, she had no choice but to buckle her hips up, meeting her fingers strongly. She even had shut her eyes tight. I was too late. The liquids inside of her were fighting hard to escape from her body.

“Cora, you're-” He gasped when he saw her distress and with a swift moment he took off the covers from her body.

Cora was shivering madly, her legs rubbing furiously against each other and her hands deeply shoved between her legs, grabbing her crotch.

She blushed violently.

“I'm sorry- but I really need to-” She sobbed.

“Why didn't you go before?” Robert asked in dismay, kneeling beside her to think of a way to help his wife.

“There was my maid and- and it's not how a proper Lady behaves.” She panted hard and he watched, still, as she rubbed her skin to alleviate the pressure.

At first, those words didn't make sense. Then the party came to mind, the Baroness' words, finding his wife and mother plotting something mysterious in that cramped corridor, her fidgeting at dinner and her doubts about taking her favorite herbal tea before bed and the wine also.

“How long have you been holding?” He asked in concern, jumping off the bed to rush to her side.

“Since this morning.” Cora sighed loudly “But it became difficult only at the party and then- then I had to prove something to your mother-” She explained, breathing often between words.

“That is so silly of you!” He scolded, brushing his hair with his fingers.

“It's not. It's a test and- I won.” Cora replied, so sure of herself.

Robert swallowed hard. He may not comprehend completely the meaning of all this but he certainly did not like the consequence of it. She was in distress, clearly in pain also and she needed to relieve herself as soon as possible.

“I'll help you to the bathroom, c'mon.” He extended his arm, waiting for her to grab his hand. Cora shook her head furiously, her eyes still shut.

“I can't hold it in. I'll wet the carpet.” Cora yelled under her breath. A tear rolled down her cheek “I can't move.” She was clenching hard her inner muscles and she feared she could do that no more. Wetting the bed, wetting the carpet.. it was a humiliation she couldn't bear.

“I'll carry you.” Robert immediately proposed and shifted his arm under her knees.

She lifted few inches from the mattress when she cried out.

“I'm leaking!” She panted. Another hot spurt dripped down her fingers.

Robert put her back down.

“Hold it in. I've got an idea.” Robert finally announced and Cora nodded immediately, tough she didn’t know if she could make it.

“Hurry up, hurry up, hurry up..” She chanted.

Robert returned to her with the empty copper bucket the maid used to fill the bathtub. He put it down next to the bed and looked up at her.

“Go.” He simply stated.

“I- I can't move-” She sobbed, swallowing hard as she attempted to sit up and shift to the edge of the bed to finally let go. Another couple of tears dampened her cheeks. The effort was too great. “I can't do it-” She cried softly, begging with her eyes for some help.

“Here.” He immediately offered, jumping on the bed by her side and pulling her to his chest so she could lean her back on him and have the support she needed.

He held her firmly but gently not to strain her body shifting with her toward the edge or the bed and put his legs down. Now Cora too was sitting on the border of the mattress, the buckle of salvation under her, but her legs were intertwined on themselves, her hands still massaging her inner folds, her forefinger pressing down her leaking hole because it was the only thing actually holding back the flow, by now.

Robert was holding her from behind, peeking from her shoulder to wait for the moment of her releasing. He lifted her nightgown up into a messy bundle around her waist to leave her more freedom. Cora however only fidgeted and moaned, without moving and her skin started to feel sweaty trough the thin fabric of her nightgown.

“I can't-” Cora cried again, hissing loudly.

“Yes, you can.” Robert replied, talking calmly next to her ear. He placed his hands over hers and he gently caressed the back of her hand. “We'll do it together, now trust me and relax.”

“I can't when you're watching.” Cora desperately whispered through her clenched teeth.

“Of course you can.” Robert insisted. She was rocking so hard that without his support she would roll on her back again and then she would have been helpless. Then, why wait more? “Spread you legs now. C'mon.”

“No, I-”

“Spread your legs.”

Robert felt the violent quiver of her muscles. Then he heard her breathing slower and finally lighten the pressure between her thighs. She indeed spread her legs completely and he profited in orde to make them both shift further on the edge.

The buckle was now directly under her womanhood. She just needed to let go.

Her hands, however, still clenched her sex, rubbing, massaging, capping on her hole.

“I can't-” She sobbed, shaking softly her head.

“Remove your hands, Cora.” He kissed gently her cheek, trying to encourage her.

“No.”

“C'mon, you'll get sick.” He replied quietly, grabbing one of her hand and lifting it up from her crotch. “You'll half-way through, darling, c'mon. You can let go now.” He begged.

Cora inhaled sharply, the removed her other hand. She felt the uncontrollable need of hold on to something and she dug her nails into both of his upper arms.

Robert silently protested, but he was happy that she wasn't grabbing herself anymore.

Immediately a spurt escaped from her and it hit the bottom of the buckle with a loud rattle sound.

“I can't- I can't-” She buckled her hips up and down, shaking furiously her head, the nape of her neck hitting his shoulder. She had no control over her body, it was like experiencing brutal convulsions.

“Relax, you just have to let go.” He said “Cora, just let go, darling.”

Still, she shook her head “no”.

Robert was fearing for her health now. She could feel embarrassed because her husband would have witnessed her taking a wee, still, the situation was beyond help. He needed to do something.

“I can't-” Cora panted.

“D'you trust me, darling?” Robert asked. Cora didn't move and he feared another no from her “You need to let go.” He said again. Finally, Cora nodded her consent.

“I trust you, but I really can't Robert.” She shut her eyes tight again, her cheeks on fire. Her hips were bucking mercilessly, her inner muscles clenching painfully to hold in the flow. She'd been holding for so long that she had trouble on letting go, now, plus Robert was there and he would have witnessed. Her body just refused to cooperate.

“Relax.” He said again and slipped a hand under her arm, rubbing gently over her hip. Then he moved, feeling shivers running on her skin and then goosebumps. He kissed gently her neck, trying so hard to make her relax and he trailed down her stomach, brushed over her navel and finally over the swell of her bladder.

It really was huge. He'd never touched her skin there to find it so tensed; he could almost feel the liquid flutter underneath his pads.

“It hurts.” She cried helplessly and her nails dug deeper into his skin. Cora turned her head to him, panting hot breaths on his neck.

“I know, darling, just-” He took a breath himself. It wasn't difficult to believe it hurt her. She'd been holding her pee inside forever. “I'm sorry.” He whispered and at her next moan he pressed down onto her bladder, gently, but enough to make her loose control. A strong gush of golden liquid hit the bottom of the bucket, but as soon as she realized what her body was doing, Cora unwillingly shut her legs closed, crossing her knees and ankles.

“No, no. I can't like this- I can't-” She shook her head madly. Pee dripping down her legs. “The carpet-” She sobbed. Few drops hit dully the carpet beneath them, then the small stream stopped again. Her thighs felt damp.

“Cora you must let go, now.” Robert repeated, a little more authoritatively “Trust me.”

Cora swallowed hard, moaning in pain as she spread her legs again, and other few drops and more consistent leaking fell into the bucket.

“It hurts like this.” Cora was sobbing.

Robert knew it was the best she could do, for now. Her muscles had clenched so hard for so long that just couldn't let go immediately. Yet she needed to release the content of her bladder right away, as soon as possible because she was hurting. He hated to see her hurting.

“Relax.” He stated again and though shaking, Cora obeyed, her body still leaking slower than he should have. It was torture too even if she was indeed relieving herself.

“Robert-” She gasped in surprise when she felt his hand shifting down, from the swell of her abdomen to her crotch, joined soon by his other hand. He placed his palm on her thighs, rubbing gently onto her quivering skin as he pushed her legs wider. Then his fingers trailed down her folds. She blushed violently knowing he'd touched her wetness. The embarrassment made her stop leaking again.

She instinctively pressed her womanhood against his palm and he offered a quick caress to her aching muscles. She moaned at the ease.

“There, now let go. Don't worry, Cora.” Robert encouraged “Let go.”

Cora did what she was told and when she moaned again, this time for the pain of the thin stream escaping her body, he placed both his forefingers near the leaking, one for each side, and spread her gently. As soon as her hole was free from the clench of her own muscles, a forceful stream burst out of her, hitting the bucket with a loud splattering. She arched her back, closing her eyes in bliss as her bladder emptied in the bucket at her feet.

She went on peeing for ages, filling it almost completely. She moaned again, panting through her smile. It had been embarrassing, wrong and.. messy, but she enjoyed it. She enjoyed the fidgeting, the holding, the endless waiting, she enjoyed having being caught by her husband too, in a sense, and she just had loved the erotic turned it had taken.

The last dribbles splashed down as she pushed forcefully everything out.

Cora relaxed her back against his chest, fearing what his husband would have thought of her if he knew her pleasure right now, for something so.. unladylike.

She suddenly felt the urge to touch herself, if only to alleviate the dull ache she still felt, yet she gasped when she realized that Robert's hand was already there.

“Robert?”

“So beautiful, Cora.” He whispered in her ear, his voice hoarse.

Cora smiled in surprise, her heart hammering inside her chest as she dug her hand into his hair, pulling gently his locks. It was then that she noticed his hardness pressing more and more on her lower back.

Then he'd enjoyed it too? She wasn't the only weird one, then?

Before she could answer, Cora felt his fingers massaging with purpose her folds, kneading her wetness over her skin. Then he edged one finger inside.

Maybe they could be weird together.

She moaned again, the turned her head to kiss him passionately.

“You liked what you saw?” It wasn't really a question though, it was a statement.

“So beautiful, Cora.” He repeated in bliss, sliding his whole finger inside. “You're all right?” He asked, still a little concerned about her pain.

“Wonderful.” Cora closed her eyes feeling his hand work with aim. She was sore, but not enough to refuse his offer. “I could do it again for you.” She whispered sensually.

Robert froze on the spot for a moment.

Cora felt his hardness growing more against her back. She smiled.

“Perfect.” He kissed her neck feverishly. “You're such a perfect Lady.”

✧ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✧ ✧

Please leave a feedback as it helps the speed eheh ;) Next chapter will be posted Saturday or Sunday.

Also, do you have any suggestion, ideas, or something you'd like to see? I'll queue everything in my little notebook for the future chapters, if it was inspiring! Thank you!

*015*2017-06-07 10:29

@Bellatrix1

& @Keita123

Thank you both so much! Hope you'll like the following chapters too

*017*2017-06-07 18:51

@DerivativeWings

Thank you for the feedback! It's an interesting prompt, maybe I'll consider writing about a "group desperation" some chapters ahead, thanks for the idea!

*020*2017-06-09 09:55

@wedgeantilles

Why thank you!!

*021*2017-06-10 12:33

A Proper Lady

Fandom: Downton Abbey

Characters: Cora, Robert

Setting: pre-serie (around 1890)

Warning for this chapter: none (desperation)

Chapter 4: The Gardens #1

In the two following weeks, life had been a bliss. Since they’d discovered they finally had something in common, something arousing to do as a couple, their marriage had taken the wanted curve.

First, it was a very private thing, because who knew what another person would think of that and second, they'd discussed for hours about the amusing shade it could take if they used it as a game before sex, which lead to the most important matter of all: they were married now and they must produce a child.

Before the tea party, they had a mere – sporadic – intercourse. Now things were much better. They almost meet every night and have multiple rounds.

They finally enjoyed it, truly, both of them.

Since Cora had strained her body with that endless hold, they had just talked about it, but even that was enough to make them both turned on.

That particular night, they had been fantasized upon the next time they'd tried for a desperation session hold, because it would have been something planned, something they could both share and enjoy firsthand. They had sex, of course, and they'd been so tired that Robert stayed in her bed for the night. Scandalous, but exciting.

Cora smiled in her sleep when she felt her husband's hand slipping to her front, kneading her breast under her nightgown with a ghostly touch. It was the best way to wake up from that deep slumber after a whole night of lovemaking.

“Good morning, beautiful.” He whispered, nibbling her ear playfully.

“Good morning.” She sighed blissfully, turning into his hold to face him. His hands joined behind her, on the small of her back, their noses touched.

“How are you feeling?” He asked.

“Great.” Cora promptly answered; when she heard him inhale sharply and a quiver coming from his lower abdomen, she smiled upon his lips. Maybe he wanted to have a morning round to start the day? “Why?”

“I was thinking, maybe-” Robert talked slow, stopping once to kiss her lips “We could try our game today.” Cora's eyes widened in surprise. A good surprise indeed. She wasn't expecting that.

“Really?” She teased, biting her lips. Cora could already feel heat pooling between her legs, for her bladder was full, having held all night long while she slept. It was only just a reminder of how she would have felt in few hours if they indeed started their game and it was exciting.

“If you're ready of course.” Robert said. They decided to took time after the tea party, to let her recover from that experience. They also agreed on never get past the limit, hence never ever experience pain during their game.

“I think I am.” Cora nodded with a smile. “I want to hold for you.” She whispered sensually, kissing him passionately afterward.

He broke the kiss only when he had no more air in his lungs. His manhood was already throbbing in his pants: listening to those words made his head spin, drunken of love and impatient to see her shaking and grabbing herself and moaning just for him. So beautiful, his goddess. A dream.

“Would you like to set the rules?” Robert asked, trailing down her body with his fingers. He brushed her stomach and passed her navel, stroking over the small bulge that was her bladder. She was a fragile woman, Cora, hence the smallest fullness – of her bladder or stomach after a meal – worked wonders on her figure when she wasn't wearing dresses or corsets and he loved the view so.

“No.” Cora calmly shook her head “That is, if you have something interesting in mind.” She smirked “I can tell you by your eyes you have. Tell me.” She urged, bending her knees up to fight off the spasm of her bladder; she usually emptied it every morning as soon as she woke up, so staying in bed, talking of desperation and holding made her little fidgety.

“Maybe.” Robert shrugged his shoulders “I need to know something, before.”

“Oh? What is it?” Cora looked up at him curiously, then rubbed her thighs together for a moment.

“I keep thinking about something.” He began, his forefinger painting a semicircle underneath her navel, tickling her slightly tensed skin. “About a month ago, during our usual evening stroll.”

“Yes?” She urged. A month ago, how she was supposed to remember something so random, so long into the past? And he seemed so thrilled about the memory. She couldn't think of one exciting thing happened during one of their pre-dinner strolls, unless..

“You were dying for the loo, weren't you?” Robert smirked a little, sighing as a smile formed on his lips “I've always hoped it was that but I wasn't sure.”

“That day we came back from London?” Cora narrowed her eyes “That time the train stopped in the middle of nowhere and the ride lasted for five hours and a half and the ladies toilet was out of service and then your mother wanted to go straight home and then you suggested to have a stroll to stretch our legs totally forgetting I was holding since noon and forced me to bolt up the stairs as the gong rang to avoid an accident? No, I do not remember.” She was smiling now, quite diverted, yet her cheeks dyed with the most lovely shade of red.

“My poor love.” Robert cooed, bending over her to place a kiss on her lips. “I loved watching you squirm and fidget and cross your legs whenever possible and then, that run. I let my mind fly, thinking you were desperate, but I couldn’t totally convince myself I was right.”

“You were.” Cora nodded “You've been fantasizing quite a lot these past few months.”

“Yeah.” It was Robert's turn to blush. “But I wasn't comfortable with telling you. I couldn't possibly know you enjoyed this as much as I do.”

“Quite right.” Cora agreed, nodding gently. “Anyway, what's the point in bringing this out now?”

There was a long pause, where Robert just stared at her as she tried so hard to find the solution to that mystery. Then he spoke.

“I'd give anything to have another stroll like that. Knowing you're actually holding.. for me.” He said with a whisper that caressed her ear.

“We can do that.” She was smiling mildly now, nodding ever-so-slightly.

“This evening?” Robert asked, hopeful, his eyes shimmering in anticipation.

Cora pouted. The idea was thrilling, also she would have the entire day to fill her bladder and update her husband about her needs building up, yet, she didn't want to wait that much: the evening stroll, the one they used to take before dinner, meant at least ten hours before the fun, and to make sure to arrive properly there she would have to relieve herself sometime during the day, maybe start to really hold by noon. It was a nice thought, but she wanted to do something sooner.

“What about a mid-morning stroll?” She proposed, looking up at him. He almost got lost in those big, blue, pleading eyes. Not that there was something to plead for, of course. “I don't want to wait.” She extended her leg completely – clenching tighter her lower muscles – and arched slightly her back. Her bulge jutted out much clearer.

“You're sure?” Robert asked, joining her hand and brushing his fingers over her tensed skin. “You must drink a lot to get at least a little desperate for noon.” He clicked his tongue. Not that he didn't like the thought, but drinking glass of water after glass of water could be nauseating.

Cora just shook her head no. She went to cradle her lower belly with her hand, pushing gently to test her own fullness. When she felt a distinct burning sensation down to her hole, she removed any sort of pressure whatsoever. She decided she was quite full, but not bursting yet.

“I don't want to waste this either.” She declared allusively. “I want to skip my morning release.”

Robert looked back at her befuddled, his lips parted in surprise.

“You've held it in all night and I saw you drink the whole pitcher of water by yourself, last night.” He reminded, concern written all over his face.

“I'm fine.” Cora assured lying a little, but indeed glanced over the pitcher on the table: empty. It must've been a liter or so. “Now off you go.” She smiled, gesturing his dressing room with her chin. “I'll call my maid right away, you call your valet and we'll get this day started. I can't wait to meet you outside.”

“Twelve o'clock at the Temple of Diana?” Robert suggested; she nodded enthusiastically, chewing her lip.

“I'll see you there.” She assured, sitting on the mattress as she watched him leave. She allowed a loose rub of her joints, where her muscles were already aching a little for their overnight holding but removed her hand straight away, thinking that if she was already in troubles now, she would have been a mess way before noon, which meant three hours at least and she still had to eat her breakfast and then survive the morning and a stroll by herself until the temple; she needed to be desperate to pleasure her husband but in control of her own body enough to endure all the activities that preceded their encounter. She needed to plan everything and she needed to trust – and know – her body completely.

Three hours, she could do it.

An hour later, Cora was about to sit at her desk, in the drawing room, to write some letters and catch up with the correspondence.

And she was dying to do so, sitting, because her bladder felt heavy.

She wasn't in pain, though, except for those times when she had to fight the waves and the muscles of her womanhood stretched and contracted on their own, willing to release the flood she was so stubbornly holding in.

Cora placed her hand over her stomach, rubbing it gently through the corset, sadly noticing it wasn't helping a bit: the whale's bones arched her back, the strings squeezed her hips and her bladder was trapped into a grip where it could not expand. She sighed and decided to focus on her work.

By the fourth of fifth letter, her writing had become quite impatient and uneven. Cora frowned, as she took a look at her job: her first letter was the portrait of elegance and graciousness, her latter was almost the scribbles of a child and her desire to get the thing done was blatant. For what purpose then? Like she could get up as soon as she'd finished and go to the toilet? It was not going to happen.

She threw away the letter and started again.

When her list was clear, Cora let out a relieved sigh. She allowed herself to rest her back on the chair and it was then that she noticed her hand dipped between her thighs, her skirt wrinkled there, the fabric tracing distinctively the outline of her legs.

She hurriedly removed her hand and her bladder gave a spasm for the abrupt movement. Cora gasped, rushing to cross her knees and squeeze her privates in the most efficient way without the help of her hands.

She glanced at the clock, which sadly only read few minutes past eleven, which meant it was early, way too early to go outside to meet with Robert – he would stay in his office working at least for another hour – and also way too early to feel desperate.

Cora sighed, a little frustrated, and started to pace around the room, often throwing glances outside to distract herself with thoughts about the lovely weather and the green grass, about the colors and scents she'd be watch and smell by noon, with Robert, while enjoying the stroll and her holding.

She crossed her arms over her chest, rubbing her thighs without even thinking about, turning when she heard the door squeaked open and the towering figure of the butler making its entrance, a silver tray in hand and a stoic expression spread on his face.

“Your toner, my Lady.” He announced a carried the glass over to her.

“Thank you.” Cora smiled.

She'd totally forgot about her tonic, that strange medicine Violet wanted her to gulp down because she was too weak. Of course, she didn't feel weak, she'd been a fragile type her whole life, but she didn't wish to start another conflict with her mother-in-law, and what was a small tonic every day to please her will? Her slender fingers wrapped the cold glass and within a few seconds, she'd drunken that bitter liquid, looking back at the butler with a disgusted face she couldn't manage to change.

“Would you like me to bring you some water?” The butler proposed, a sympathetic and sorrowful wince on his face.

“No, thank you.” She swallowed with some difficulties “I'm fine.” she lied, then. Of course she wanted some water, but how could she manage to drink it when she was supposed to hold until mid-day? Any extra beverages needed to be avoided at all costs. Not to mention that she had her tea with her breakfast and also that that ghastly medicine also worked on her bladder, usually, an unfortunate detail she was trying to hide in some corner of her brain, for now.

“If you're finished with your morning duties, my Lady, I could call the stable-boy to saddle your horse.” The butler proposed again. “The weather is wonderful today.”

“I'd love to, but I'm supposed to meet Lord Grantham outside at noon.” She explained with a sweet smile “Perhaps tomorrow. Will you please warn my maid? I shall need my parasol by then. She can leave it on the table in the hall.” He nodded, and she thanked the butler with another gracious nod when he bowed and let himself out.

There was not a chance on earth she would be able to ride with her full bladder without making a mess and for as much as she'd liked to greet her husband from the back of her horse, showing off her skills and dare – not to mention that he said more than once that he loved how her riding outfit looked on her body -, she knew she couldn't do it.

The butler, however, gave her some few ideas for the future. She'd talk about those with Robert that same night.

Cora grinned her thoughts away as she renewed her slow walk around the room.

Cora opted to read for a while, one of her favorite novels, because sewing was out of question: she needed concentration to embroider, something she didn't have by now. She needed to be precise ad fully concentrated to follow the patterns of the roses and leaves and birds she was creating, right now she couldn't even sit still.

She had her legs crossed – which was already something unladylike – and the book was resting upon her knee. It was shaking madly with her thigh, making her effort to read quite challenging; the words didn't trap her between the pages anymore, she was not in Mr. Bennet's house, she was not dancing with him, nor with Elizabeth. She was just fidgeting on the couch of her own house, while her eyes kept moving on the black letters without catching one single meaning, her mind continuously thinking about her throbbing bladder and the massive amount of liquid that threatened to gush out her thighs any minute if she'd just let go.

She sighed frustrated, giving up on reading for she'd turned several pages without understanding the most part of the novel. There was no point on moving the bookmark either. Cora threw the book on the couch, hiding her face behind her palms, conceding herself to squirm a little more obviously on the edge of it, so there was a little friction between the seat ant the fabric of her dress.

Maybe skipping her morning pee hadn't been a good idea, because probably she would have been desperate anyway with her tea and tonic, yet what's done it's done and she had to live with it for the next.. hour or so.

She glanced up the clock, which read it was half past eleven. Maybe she could just start to approach the temple since it was pretty far into the woods of the manor and she thought better walk slowly not to strain her bladder more than necessary.

Cora sighed again, standing up with all the carefulness in the world. Her bladder was so full now. She clenched her muscles, one of her hand balling at her side, then the fingers aimed for the smallest squeeze of her crotch before she started to walk her way out of the room and house. She'd adjusted the strings of her undergarment, or so she though she had, at least loosening the constriction a bit, of course it was just an impression.

She grabbed the parasol with one hand as she smiled warmly to the first footman guarding the open front door. She felt sorry for him, because he had to stay there in the wind – chilly despite the season – but her attentions quickly returned to herself, for a cold breath of wind wrapped her completely, sending needles to her lower abdomen. She struggled a few instant with her umbrella, then she opened it, following the path that would take her to the Temple of Diana, where her husband would've waited for her. Cora was impatient to tell him everything and make a little show for him, a forced show and yet pleasurable show for the both of them as she tried to cope with her over-full bladder and strained body.

Ten minutes had passed and still no sign of the Temple whatsoever. She even doubted her brain because she couldn't focus on anything else than her willing to let everything burst out of her there and then; maybe she'd took the wrong path.

Fear took over her for an instant and she stopped moving. Her thighs weren't rubbing against each other anymore, her lower body wasn't focused on walking anymore.

A wave of desperation swept through her and she had no choice but to grab herself with her free hand, forcing her breathing to go slower as she gained the control back. A part of her was searching for a gardener or a woods guard to ask if she was on the right route, yet the other part of her was just happy she was alone, so she could grip tightly her womanhood and positively postpone an accident.

Cora looked around confused, beginning to just hate the constriction of her clothes and the heaviness of her bladder which put her muscles to work, she was hating the odd mix of cold air that cloaked her ever so often and the opposite warm feeling that came from within her, making her blush and sweaty.

She massaged her crotch for a moment before resuming her wandering around, the uneven steps she had to take on the pebbles, made the liquid inside her boil against the wall of her bladder.

She chose the worst day in the world to get lost.

Cora spun around, trying to locate the Abbey and everything else she could remember: from her room, she could see Jackdaw's Castle, another temple, which meant that Diana's wasn't in that direction. She sighed and opted to take a nearby path, which went deeper into the woods.

She'd taken the longest way, but she indeed saw the white dome peeking from the top of some oaks.

That was fifteen minutes later… and she was now officially bursting.

How on earth would she get there, enjoy a stroll with her husband and walk back to the Abbey to visit the toilet before lunch, it was a mystery she wasn't willing to think about for the moment.

Cora decided it was fine to hold at her crotch until she reached the location of the meeting, that was, if Robert wasn't there yet. He was.

She gasped silently, peeling her hand away from herself and tensing the muscles within her to better control her spasms. She gripped to her umbrella with both of her hands, nervously.

Yet she wasn't showing any sign of apparent distress, for her bright smile enlightened her whole face as soon as her eyes met her husband's.

Robert was leaning against one of the several pillars, the sole of one foot resting on it, his eyes lost somewhere in the woods before him. He turned to her almost immediately, like someone had called him, and struggled for a second to gain the perfect posture of a gentleman.

Cora, likewise, thought she better fake some sort of comfort, to make things a little bit pleasing. She would tell him how she felt, showing a straight face for the whole time. That was her goal.

“Good morning.” He greeted with a sly smirk, offering his hand with his palm facing the sky.

“Good morning.” She answered gracefully, mirroring his expression as she placed her smaller hand in his.

“How do you feel?” Robert asked. It was a normal question, yet they both knew there was so much more behind it.

“How much would you like to stroll?” Cora replied with a coy smile, without answering his question.

“Why?” He grinned.

“No reason.” Cora shrugged, her black eyelashes fluttering in the air.

“How do you feel, darling?” Robert asked again, a little more impatiently this time.

“Bursting.” She simply answered, like she said nothing particularly out of the ordinary. “Absolutely bursting.”

“That bad already?” Robert inquired, his eyes full of wonder.

“Yes. I had tea this morning and that tonic your mother forces me to take.” She inhaled deeply, closing her eyes for a longer blink as a wave of desperation took over her bladder for a while.

“Tell me more, darling.” Robert put his hand over hers as she gripped her fingers around his elbow, tugging to the fabric for dear life. At his gentle touch, her clasp relaxed a bit.

“I haven't released myself in over-” She stopped to do a little math, her mind distracting from her holding for few seconds “Twelve hours.” She sighed, doubling slightly over as she pressed her thighs together. “I've skipped my morning loo… something I regret dearly.” She hinted a suffered chuckle.

“And you had your tea?” Robert tilted his head down to her, studying her face as she told him everything about her holding through the morning.

“Yes.” She nodded. “I finished my cup.” A small breath “It was like each sip went directly through my bladder. I felt every drop. I-” Cora stopped, looking up at him for the quickest instant. Then her cheeks turned red.

“You what..?” He asked curiously and, undoubtedly, a little aroused.

“I may-” Cora looked up at him again, smiling “have held myself as I drank, under the covers.”

“I'd love to see you doing it, someday.” He replied in awe as the image of her wife sipping her tea crossed his mind. Maybe she had had her eyes shut tight as she forced to gulp, and oh, he needed to stop thinking about the outline of her hand, below the thin cover, as she gripped her womanhood, even massaging her skin, or plugging her throbbing hole with her finger as she rode the waves of desperation off. Beautiful.

“Why not.” She nodded, but her voice cracked a little. Keeping a straight face was way more challenging than she thought: she wanted to grab herself again, now, stronger than ever before, she wanted to sit down and rub directly her skin, she wanted to spread her legs and let go and moan as the flood poured out of her with a long and loud hiss.

“You're all right?” Robert inquired, a little worried as he stared at her, whose lips were parted into a silent scream.

“I- I-” She stuttered, fidgeting on the spot. She started to squirm immediately, without being able to do anything much about it. Her aim to keep her straight face was shattered in the instant she felt her muscles giving up – no warning whatsoever – her pee hole burning hot and a gush of warm liquid dampening her underwear.

Cora had no choice but to grasp herself tightly. Her parasol flew off for few feet before hitting the ground.

It had only been a spurt, so she regained control right back. But it had been easy only because she used her hand to help her muscles to clench shut again.

“You're hurting, darling?” Robert put his hand over her shoulder, smiling sympathetically now. Of course he was aroused, but there were priorities and they'd agree on never feeling pain, but endure their game as long as it would have been fun and pleasing for both of them.

“Yes.” She said, but she was smiling. “In a good way. I feel so full.” She grinned. “I need to sit down, can we do that?”

“Of course we can.” He nodded, a sparkle of pride burning inside of him. She was so desperate and yet so determined, so beautiful. “We can go home any minute, you know. You just have to tell me.”

Cora shook her head no.

She knew her limits, or better, she thought she did.

She was wrong.

###

Don't hate me, next chapter will be posted tomorrow.

Please leave a feedback ;) Thank you for reading!

*023*2017-06-10 18:21

Thank you @Bellatrix1, love ya!

*022*2017-06-12 14:57

Sorry for the delay guys. I had to study for my exam and I totally forgot. Anyway, I passed! YAY.

Here's the chapter to celebrate =D

A Proper Lady

Fandom: Downton Abbey

Characters: Cora, Robert

Setting: pre-serie (around 1890)

Warning for this chapter: desperation, wetting.

Chapter 4: The Gardens #2

Robert helped his wife sitting down on the nearest bench, which had been almost ten minutes away from the Temple of Diana. It was one of the forgotten bench of the manor, old, rusty and hidden behind a big tree and surrounded by untrimmed bushes of berries.

Cora lowered herself down with all the precaution needed, only to let herself fall down on the seat when her doubling over to sit put extra pressure on her abdomen. She immediately rested her back on the wood behind her, sighing in relief when she extended her legs, to reduce considerably the pressure on her bladder. Her ankles were crossed and they popped out the skirt of her dress.

“You look lovely, you know that?” Robert smiled, his glance traveling on her body, from the fidget of her ankles, up to her bouncing knees and quivering thighs, her slender fingers cradling her stomach – where the skirt and the top of the dress met – often tugging at the fabric, her chest unmoving beneath the corset and yet where the dress ended, just above the top swell of her breasts, rising and falling like mad as her breathing became more and more irregular; then there were tiny drops of sweat adorning her collarbone as if they were a necklace and her face, her beautiful face, the pure image of desperation: her lips were pursed, yet frequently she opened them abruptly into a mute cry, her eyes shut tight, her eyebrow and forehead constantly wrinkling and moving. She was a piece of work, his piece of work.

“I don't feel lovely.” She gasped through her hinted smile. “My stomach's so full. I'm bursting.” She let out the smallest breath as her whole body spasmed forward.

Cora had already said that, but this time, that word came out from her clenching teeth. It meant she had to go pretty bad now. He should've felt sorry for her, nevertheless, Robert's heart was hammering inside his chest. He was enjoying it and so was she – Cora was enduring by her own will, so he felt the only need of savoring the situation. It was the ultimate perfection.

“Can I feel it?” He asked, outstretching his palm over her stomach. His fingers were still in the air, few inches away from actually touching her and he was watching her, asking for the permission.

Cora's blue eyes blinked oped. She was almost tearing, which made her even more beautiful.

“Yes.” She nodded, even if her confident had dropped almost completely. “But don't press down.” She warned. He nodded, silently swearing to keep his world.

Cora trusted him completely, what she didn't trust was her body and muscles. She may completely lose control any moment.

She tried to still her movement and, slowly, she moved her hands away from her bulge to make room for him. Her fingers were now gripping the fabric on her hips, her legs bouncing rhythmically up and down, her hole already burning with anticipation, for she knew that even the slightest touch – from someone that wasn't herself – would've put her muscles to yet another, extra test.

The tip of his fingers brushed against the front of her dress, the light pink fabric rustling softly under his touch as he trailed further down, where her fingers had been moments earlier.

Cora squirmed once, tensing her whole body and then another time, before she managed to still enough for him to feel her bladder. Even if she was wearing layers of clothing, there was hardness where the corset was and it continued where it ended. With surprise his pads brushed crossed the transition from it to where her bladder was without even notice: she was rock hard. No doubt she was bursting.

“Darling..” He whispered in awe, attempting a little caress, following the length of the prodding bulge down to her crotch.

It was enough to make her wobble firmer, her hand finally giving up with their useless tugging to join on her crotch, massaging roughly.

“Oh..” She hissed, inhaling some cool air between her clenching teeth.

“I'm sorry, darling.” He whispered in her ear. He wanted to brush everything away but he realized it wasn't the best thing to do, naturally.

“Do it.” She panted then. “You want to feel properly, do it, darling.” She said mischievously. “Just let me get ready.” Cora chewed down on her lip, her eyes dropping to her own crotch. She took a small breath before spreading her legs, shoving both of her hands to her joint – fingers deep buried between the layers of the skirt, tracing the outline of her thighs – and then she slammed her legs close again, her knees hitting with a dull thump. “Do it.” She repeated with a sweet smile and a nod of encouragement.

He, of course, needn’t to be told twice.

Robert restored his original position, first touching the firm bulge with the tip of his fingers. Two pairs of eyes were locked to the movement of his hand when he stretched his fingers, placing his whole palm flat on her stomach.

Cora flinched forward a bit, but breathed out and rode off the wave of pure desperation as he rubbed with a ghostly touch on her belly.

The firmer his stroke became, the deeper her fingers reached to her inner folds, until the layers of clothes became too much to handle and the only thing preventing her from leaking would have been a direct grasp of her fingers and womanhood.

“Enough, enough darling.” She pleaded, and another little spurt made its way on her garments. Her hold worked on it just fine to prevent resulting into a full accident.

Robert, of course, had stopped and peeled away his hand as soon as she spoke, but it took more, for her, to realize that the pressure from him was gone.

“Want to head home?” Robert proposed with a smile, kissing her temple. He knew she was at the limit and that their game had endured far enough; now it was time to get her to the loo, release her bladder and let her wear some fresh undergarments before a much deserved, quiet lunch.

Cora, yet again, shook her head no.

“I can't.” She declared, shaking. “I'm far too gone.”

“Darling?” He asked, this time the worry in his voice was clear. “I'll get you home in fifteen minutes top. You mean you can make it?”

“I may.” Cora hinted a chuckle, looking sheepishly up at him “But I can't walk into the front door while grabbing myself now, can I?” She leaned forward again as a wave swept through her, stronger than ever before. Her pee-hole was on fire. “And I can't let go either or else I'd be leaving a trail or darker patches on the carpet as I walk, everyone will know what's happening.”

“You want to go here?” Robert asked, one of his eyebrow lifted. He was both surprised and utterly aroused by the implication: she would have been naked – or better she would have flash him – in the middle of the gardens.

“Got a better idea, darling?” She asked rhetorically, all the while rubbing harder at her joint. “I'm open to suggestions.” She grunted, her lids trembling as she shot her eyes closed.

Robert watched in awe as she succumbed to her own body and she spread her legs, both her hands jolting up further into her dress and her left knee flying in the air toward her torso.

“You want to go here.” He confirmed, smiling a little.

“Not that I have much choice.” She chuckled with him “Help me, will you? I'm running out of options way quicker than I expected.”

“Of course, darling.” He rose up immediately, eager to help his wife warding off her distress.

“I can't get soak any of this clothes. Got any idea?” She was pleading him with her eyes.

Robert knelt beside her, one hand on the seat next to her thigh. Wetting her clothes was out of question, she was right, because how could she explain the stains on her fresh dress to her maid? And taking her undergarments off – like he would do – was not an option either due to the structure of the female fashion: the thin cloth made of cotton that kept her privates part from being free was laced to her corset, which made impossible taking it off without the latter, which also required the dress off. It was all chained.

He woke up from his thoughts when he heard her definitely moan in distress, a desperate sound that died in her throat. Then he got his eureka moment of the day, something that could help her but also that made him quiver with excitement.

“Stay like this, darling.” He instructed her “Can you keep your knee up a little longer?”

“Be quick, it's pressing against my stomach.” Cora nodded frantically. It was true, that her thigh irremediably dug into her bladder, then why her brain made her curl up like that? The pressure seemed only to get worse.

“Spread a little your legs.” Robert said, while his hands were working on grouping the front of her skirt, lifting the messy fabric roll up, so that her undergarments were now at the sun.

“Can't.” She panted, profiting of the situation to hold herself from her undergarments rather than through all the layer of clothing.

“Just a little more.” Robert encouraged, charmed by the movements of her fingers, now moving on the thin fabric that sheltered her womanhood. Her throbbing and swollen folds where clearly visible through the moisten patch on her crotch. “I need you to let go, darling.”

“I'll get everything wet.” Cora grunted, clenching her jaw. The patch on her undergarments grew lager. “I'm losing it.” She hissed her whole body curling forward as she rode the worst wave of desperation off.

“Do as I say, I promise I'll be quick.” Robert positioned himself between her parted legs, his hand balling in the air ready to put into practice his thoughts.

“Fine.” She almost screamed. Giving herself one last squeeze before preparing on following her husband's instructions. She knew she had no choice, because one way or the other she would have pee in her dress, any other option was welcomed, especially if it came from Robert.

He waited for her to remove her fingers and as soon as she did so, he took over the undergarment that covered her womanhood; he firmly gripped the fabric with his fingers and, with a resolute movement, he ripped the seam apart in the exact moment when a spurt of golden liquid gushed out of her with strength.

Cora hardly understood what just happened, she was just happy she could hold herself directly, plugging her burning hole with her fingers as her whole body continued to spasm. She dropped her knee and remained there with her legs spread open, her dress buckled up and her womanhood exposed, massaging herself with intention.

“It happens all the time.” He chuckled, shrugging a little his shoulders: it wasn't unusual for underpants to rip like that, so no maid would have asked questions about the tear there. Maybe he'd been a little too harsh, because he almost ripped the cloth in two, but that wasn't important.

“Speak for yourself.” She replied with a giggle, silently thanking him with her eyes. Now one problem had been solved, but there was one much more pressing one and it needed to be sorted out immediately.

Robert was smiling now, his eyes locked on her most sensitive skin, throbbing and bursting and convulsing to get rid of the liquid it was storing. But nothing happened. He moved from her a bit, thinking that maybe she wasn't letting go to avoid leaking on top of him, but when he moved again, positioning behind her leg so he could have the perfect view without being in the way, still nothing was happening.

“You can let go now, darling.” He encouraged, thoughts of the first night when she wet herself crossing his mind: what if she couldn't go? What if he muscles refused to give up quickly enough for her to get comfortable soon?

“No, I can't.” Cora replied, shooting her eyes open in his direction. “I'll get the skirt wet anyway. I can't control the direction, you know.” She pointed out allusively.

That wasn't something he'd thought about. Yes, the bucket, the first night, was directly under her, so she had been able to aim in it, but sitting on a bench? The first few seconds would've been no problem, for he was ready to bet that she would pee full-force far away from the bench. But what about the end of her release? The stream would be scarce, it would have ended on her shoes, legs, skirt and then any effort would've been useless.

“What do you want to do?” Robert asked frantically.

“I need to get up.” Cora stated, pleading with her eyes to help her on her feet while she still held herself. She wanted to wait until the flood within her would've actually burst out from her, and she didn't want to do that squatting down for Robert only to see her making a puddle.

“Want me to help you sit down?” He asked. Cora shook her head no with a grin.

Suddenly, her idea came to his mind clear: she wanted to pee while standing like a man would do and now that she was free from the fear of soaking her clothes she could do that freely. It appeared to be such a turn on for him: he would've been able to see her, to see everything, to see the waterfall of golden liquid gush out of her with no barriers.

He nodded in bliss as he helped her up.

Cora’s knees were shaking a great deal, making every effort to move rather difficult. She managed to walk stiffly few steps, at the end, but after her fifth one, it was obvious that she wasn't going far.

“Here, here.” She panted, collapsing with her shoulder on the trunk of the nearest tree.

Cora breathed hard, her lips parted and the corner of her mouth slightly bent up as she looked around her: they were in the middle of nowhere, the woods sheltered them from curious eyes and they were also surrounded by neglected bushes that reached their hips. She smiled openly, sighing when she finally turned to face her husband, her back and shoulder propped flatly against the hard wood.

“Better?” Robert asked, though he highly doubted that.

“Worse.” She confirmed with a chuckle, as gravity took over her over-stretched bladder too.

“Now?” He asked impatiently, both aroused and sad if she indeed wanted to let go: he was yearning to finally witness at her release but egotistically speaking he would dream about this going on and on forever.

“I want to burst, now.” Cora smiled coyly “Just for you.” She didn't have to make it to the castle anymore and she wasn't in so much pain other than her hole burning for the overly postponed release, not to mention that it was a game for their own pleasure and she was indeed enjoying. He clothes wouldn't get wet, so holding as long as she could make totally sense.

And then there was Robert's expression, making her undoubtedly know she was doing right.

“Oh, Cora..” He murmured, placing himself in front of her only to slid to her side, slightly hovering her figure. “Dearest.” He smiled putting his hand on her hip and then making his way down her arm and hands and fingers, intertwined on her bare crotch as she held herself tight. “Let me feel you.”

“You've already done that.” Cora pointed out, leaning the back of her neck on the trunk too. She was starting to feel exhausted.

“Let me feel you.. as you let go.” Robert corrected, watching directly into her blue eyes, memories of their first night crossing both of their minds. How his fingers felt against her throbbing folds, how she rubbed herself in his palm how he stretched her to make the ocean inside of her flow out.

“I don't want to let go yet.” She stubbornly said, remaining with her lips parted as another spasm took over her bladder. She bent her knees and stomped one foot on the ground, grunts escaping her mouth as the effort became unbearable.

Robert watched silently as a spurt of water gushed out the web of her fingers, so yellow to look like liquid gold, and spat into the ground between her feet.

He couldn't control his own action and joined her hands with hers.

Cora jumped slightly up, slamming her thighs close. She gained the control back but having three hands between her legs made the effort of clenching her muscles rather difficult; she didn't want to have her legs spread when she was passing through her last moments of holding, at the contrary she wanted to close every possible threatening hole to keep everything jealousy inside of her.

Warm liquid dampened his hand and sent chill down his spine.

Cora looked up at him and saw wonder into his eyes. He would've never let go.

“Let me.” He whispered hoarsely.

It was too much to bear and she decided to let go of herself, trusting him completely.

When her fingers slid out, replaced immediately by his, she sighed in distress as another leaking hit his palm.

Robert gripped firmly her womanhood and everything stood in place.

He wasn't shaking and his eyes were full of lust. He was perfect to help her hold longer. Longer than she imagined. Even for a minute, because she was sure that without his hand down there, gripping and kneading, by now she would be peeing all over the grass.

“Distract me.” She whispered into his ear and slammed her palms on the trunk behind her. She clawed the wood, even if she couldn't cause the slightest scratch on it, of course, it was for mere support, a mental one.

Robert smiled, deepening his fingers between her legs and made sure to put the palm on her wet pee hole – what a bliss he will feel when she'd explode into his hand – and kneaded a little more, playing with her folds. He could feel her muscles contracting and spasming rhythmically as they wanted to push the liquid out and she strove to fight them, she could feel her squirming and hear her gasping and moaning and a different kind of moisture pooling between her legs, where his pads were.

He smiled, daring to edge slightly inside of her.

“How this feels?” He asked softly. While her body was completely tensed, he'd found the only spot of her where she'd begun to relax.

“More.” She only pleaded, squirming harder on the spot. Cora felt it all, from the spreading of her fold to the entering of her walls to end up with his finger's settlement and little curling, which ended up digging right into her bladder. She shot her eyes open, unable to enjoy the treatment, stirring with her feet and knees until he was out, his hands still gripping her. “Oh no, oh no.” She chanted behind her teeth.

Robert's eyes grew wider when he felt a longer leaking pouring into his palm.

Cora stomped her foot, raising her skirt up with her shaking arms to avoid any unfortunate stain on it. Soon, the realization that she couldn't hold it in a second longer hit her hard and she just surrendered, spreading her legs and bending slightly her knees.

She let go a loud sigh and with it the flood that was within her.

Golden liquid gushed out the small spaces between his fingers and he focused on his palm, where her hole was hissing his skin with an incredible strength. Despite his hand, a physical barrier, was there, her bladder was pushing so hard that her pee poured out no matter what.

Robert kissed her neck lovingly, unable to detach his eyes from such beauty and let go completely of her, watching as her stream rushed out of her and arched in the air, only to fall into the grass few feet away; then it pooled into a puddle that kept growing in size. Bubbling mud was forming. She was even digging her hole into the ground.

She peed hard and long.

She did so for over three minutes before her stream decided to reduce its power to become a soft river, then a small fountain, then spurts as Cora pushed everything out of her and turned it into a slow leaking that ran down her legs for few drops.

Cora collapsed into his arms, panting hard but with the most satisfied grin painted on her lips.

Robert was kissing her jawline in bliss.

She let go of her skirt and swallowed few times to moisten her dry throat.

They started to giggle, talking about how they would resume every detail of the event the same night, to relive everything again and have they yearned, ultimate release. The fun part was that now Cora felt thirsty, but wandered off the idea of a second hold in the same day, only to think that she was dying to something like that again, soon.

Yet things would not go exactly as she expected.

___

Please leave a feedback ;) Thank you for reading!

*024*2017-06-13 10:18

Thank you @Bellatrix1

Hope you'll like the next one as well!


