Too Short

Author: MapleFeather12

*000*2021-09-06 05:20

Writing a short story about my fursona, Bluey, hes really short, and childish, so I think it would make for a cute story, Bluey doesnt have an active ref sheet of him sadly, the only piece of him I have is an edited version of someone elses art I use for personal use only and do not claim as mine. All you got to really know is, hes short, wears an oversized yellow and blue tipped sweater, and is really fluffy. Hes not a child, his age remains ??? due to the fact I dont really wanna pin down an age for him. This is one of my first oc stories by the way so its short, and might be bad.

Bluey was left home alone for the day, their friend Moss (who loved with them) had gone out to go on a shopping spree for the day, leaving Bluey sitting on the bed with his tiny feet dangling off the edge. Bluey often had a hard time opening and closing doors, mainly because he was to short to reach the doorknob, even when hes on his tip-toes he can just barely reach it, which is why Moss is so important to him. Bluey flopped back onto the bed with a huff his dark gray tail with a dark blue gray tip twitching lightly as he stared up at the ceiling with a bored expression, he didnt know what to do, there wasnt much he could do, he wasnt allowed to leave the house without moss, since last time he did, he got lost in the woods and was found stuck in a log.

Bluey closed his eyes deciding to take a nap, since that would speed up his wait for Moss to come home, but a nagging feeling kept him from his slumber, he sat up realizing he had to pee, no bigge, nothing bad. He scooted over to the edge of the bed and slid off landing on the floor with a loud thump and oof, he got up after landing flat on his fluffy belly and dusted himself off as he walked over to the open bedroom door and stepped out into the hallway, it was getting dark out and rain had started to gently tap on the clear glass windows.

Bluey walked down the hallways and arrived in the kitchen, thankfully unlike the hallway, the kitchen light was left on so he could see better. He looked around shortly seeing a few snacks on the counter, mainly gummies, he decided to grab those gummies and eat them, since nobody was around to tell him otherwise anyway. He climbed ontop of a chair and grabbed onto the edge of the counter pulling himself up onto the cold black marble, he stood up and then sat back down taking one of the gummy snacks and prying it open, he started to eat not minding the fact his bladder was getting annoying with twitches and just the general fullness.

Bluey looked out the window that sat above the sink, branches full of leaves gently swayed as rain fell from the cloudy sky, he lived in a one story house out in the woods, it usually took about 10 minutes just to get to the nearest town from here. Bluey realized he had eaten all of his snacks already, holding an empty gummy bag in his tiny paws, Bluey set it down and pushed it aside as he climbed back down from the counter, his bladders annoyance getting worse, but he didnt think it was that bad, maybe a 5/10, he could manage.

Bluey decided to just hold it off for abit and do what he wanted while Moss was out, he went over to the refrigerator looking for more snacks, it took him a second of stretching and reaching but he managed to get it to open, not much was inside, which would change when Moss got home for sure, he could see a pitcher of lemonade at the top and a few vegetables sitting next to it. Bluey stuck out his tongue in disgust at the vegetables, he was more of a candy person himself, he continued to dig around trying to find snacks, he eventually found some hard white candies sitting in the back, as he pulled it out, he hit his head agaisnt one of the shelfs and the pitcher of lemonade was knocked off its shelf and hit him straight in the head, he fell back flat onto his fluffy but as the pitcher spilled lemonade beside him, it was cold, wet, and icy, sending a chill through his body.

He looked down at the mess the lemonade had made, his bladder throbbed urgently as it reminded him of his need, he decided to stop holding it off and just go, hopefully Moss wouldnt be too mad about the spilled juice. He stood up shaking the sticky lemonade from his legs and paced out of the kitchen and down the hall his bladder suddenly being more demanding at each step, he squirmed and bounced as he made it to the end of the hall looking for the open door, to his dismay the door had been shut, not locked, just shut.

He bounced around trying to grab the knob as he squirmed desperately, he just couldnt reach it though, it was right out of his grasp, Bluey squirmed harshly squeezing his fluffy legs together as he looked around for something to help him reach the knob, but nothing looked like it could help. Bluey raced back into the kitchen and grabbed the empty lemonade pitcher dragging it back into the hallway and infront of the door, he set it up and climbed ontop of it to get taller, though his squirming caused the pitcher to wobble and it wouldnt sit still.

Bluey whined and tried jumping, though he just ended up falling off the side and landing on his back, he stood up as his bladder throbbed harshly, he needed Moss to help him right not, but Moss was out shopping, he was home alone, Bluey reached his paws down and grabbed his crotch wondering if pushing on the door would open it. He leaned agaisnt the white wooden door and put his weight against it, but it wouldnt budge, he tried to think of other ways to open it, but his bladder kept interrupting him, combined with the light rain outside the window, it was impossible to think straight, Bluey whined and bounced around his tail sliding inbetween his legs and pushing against his crotch in an attempt to hold it. He wobbled back into the kitchen, maybe there was a stool or something he could use, nothing but the cold yellow mess he made abit ago, the sight taunted him, he squirmed and decided to just go back and see if maybe stretching abit harder would work.

Bluey reached up and stood on the tips of his paws as he tried to grap it, but a sudden throb from his bladder sent his paws back down to his crotch, he felt it grow slightly warm and damp, he panicked pushing one of his legs up to hold it, but it spilled out onto his knee and slid down his leg dripping from the end of his feet. The warm wet feeling was nice, but it was also teasing him as he tried to force it to stop, though it only just slowed it down lightly, it ran down his other leg and stained his paws creating a small warm puddle under him that got both of his feet wet and slightly sticky somehow. Bluey kept fighting even though clearly nothing would work, he set his foot back down into the puddle as his stream stopped and just kinda sat there, he had just made another mess, thats counting two with the first being the lemonade, he knew Moss wouldnt be happy with it, he was going to be in alot of trouble.

