My First Story Ever

Author: Mrdesperation

*000*2023-03-16 00:39

I'm just testing the waters with this. I've never considered myself a writer, but I've had an incling to give it a shot for a while now, and this is the opening scene of an idea I've had banging around in my head for months now. I welcome all the feedback you all can give me. 🫠

###

"Hello? Earth to Mimi." Kat said, waving her hand in front of Mimi's face. Mimi blinked back to life, focusing her attention on her friend.

"I'm sorry, Kat. What were you saying?" Mimi was trying to stay focused on the conversation. Her attention kept getting pulled to the growing ache in her bladder.

"You said there was something important you wanted to talk about, that's why we met for lunch. So, what's up?"

"Oh, right. Yeah...umm, well..." Mimi stammered, a wave of nervous energy washing over her. She felt her face burning red with embarrassment. "It's just that..." She trailed off, unable to think straight. Her knees bounced uncontrollably as she wiggled in her seat.

"It's okay, Mimi." Kat placed a hand on Miranda's shoulder, "Let it go."

"Wh-What?" Mimi was becoming more embarrassed with every second. She wiggled and squirmed uncontrollably in her chair. A wave of pressure rolled across her body, forcing a small whimper, and she jammed her hands into her crotch in a last ditch effort to keep from peeing herself.

Kat leaned in so closely her lips where nearly brushing against Mimi's ear. She could feel Kats warm breath against her skin. Kats free hand was caressing Mimis arm, moving slowing downward toward her hands, the only things holding back the flood. With an authority that Miranda found immensely arousing, Kat forcefully pulled Mirandas hands away.

"Let it go."

Something between a moan and whimper escaped Mimis lips as she began immediately losing the battle with her bladder. She crossed her legs tightly, clenching as hard as her tired muscles would allow, but it was useless. She was already leaking.

A small spurt of pee, then another, soaked into her cotton panties. The wetness made them cling to her shaved vulva.

Kat pressed her lips against Mimis neck, kissing her gently. Miranda moaned again as another, longer spurt of pee hissed into her panties.

"I'm gonna have an accident, Kat." Mimi whimpered, barely stopping the leak.

###

*001*2023-03-16 23:39

Here's the back half of Chapter 1. Not 100% sure where it's going from here, but I've got some ideas. I do know I'm going to include a male character as well, but I haven't really decided where or how yet. Anyway, as always please provide feedback. I fully welcome it. I'd like to maybe be good at this some day. 🫣

And now the conclusion (of Chapter 1)

###

The sound of her own voice was startling, causing a moment of confusion. Morning sunlight was filtering through the window, filling her bedroom with a soft orange glow.

A dream, Mimi thought as she shifted uncomfortably in her bed, her bladder aching fiercely.

The pee was real enough, though.

She could feel the damp cotton of her boy-short panties clinging to her body just as they had in the dream. Tossing her big, fluffy blanket off revealed a sizeable wet spot around her crotch. Even the blanket had a little spot, as well as the sheet under her bum.

Cradling her swollen bladder with one hand, Mimi cupped her other hand over the wet patch on her undies, her fingers pushing the damp fabric in-between her lips and directly against her peehole.

As Mimi lay holding herself, her bladder pulsing with an urgent need to be emptied, she thought about her dream. The way Kat had whispered in her ear, urging Mimi to wet herself. It had been so erotic. Forceful, but not demanding.

A new warmth was growing in-between Mimis legs. Her fingers began softly massaging her wet panties against her clit.

A wave of pressure was building in her abdomen. It felt like a vice tightening, squeezing Mimis overfilled bladder, threatening to force every drop of pee from her body at any second, and yet she could not stop rubbing herself.

The vice was closing faster, squeezing even harder, and Mimi knew she wasn't going to be able to hold it much longer.

Not yet, not yet.

Mimi pictured Kats face, those soft lips brushing against her neck. A shiver ran down her body, tightening the vice further still, pushing Mimi past her limit.

"Oh fuck!" Her body reflexively stiffened, and both hands were now firmly clamped down between her legs pressing tightly against the small opening of her urethra.

"Fuck, fuck!" Mimis muscles were weakening, leaving only her fingers to defend against the oncoming flood.

Quickly, and while still firmly holding herself, Mimi got out of bed. She hobbled awkwardly across her bedroom to the attached bathroom, small spurts of pee escaping with every step. Her hands were wet now, and little rivulets of pee were starting to run down her legs.

Mimi crossed the threshold to the bathroom just as the dam finally burst. Now peeing forcefully through her underware into her hands, Mimi fell onto the toilet seat. She sighed loudly as the pent up urine rushed from her body, splashing noisily into the water below.

She continued to pee forcefully for another 45 seconds, after which her stream began slowing to a trickle before finally stopping completely almost 2 minutes after she had first started wetting.

It was another minute or so before Mimi was able to regain her composure. She savored the feeling of relief while examining her panties, watching the last golden drops of pee fall into the bowl.

At last Mimi stood, pulled off her wet shorts, and tossed them to the side to be washed later. She threw a towel down on the puddle she had made before landing on the toilet, then started the shower, adjusted the temperature, and eased herself into the steaming hot water. As her muscles began to relax, Mimi watched one final trickle of pee leave her body. The pale yellow liquid danced down between her legs to the shower floor before flowing away down the drain.

She finished washing up, hopped out of the shower, and with her hair in a towel she went to her closet to decide what outfit she would wear for this uniquely special day.

