A very full Christmas: the party goer

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2025-12-21 01:54

This is my second story in this series. Hopefully I get time to write more before the big day!

A very full Christmas: the party goer

Ivy pulled her short black tight fitting band T-shirt over her freshly cut straight dyed black hair. With her black denim cut off shorts, black fish net tights and her Vans on she looked at herself in the full length mirror. Her bangs covering one eye she smiled at how she looked. This was her style as an Emo girl and finally work would see her as she really was. If there was ever a time to reveal her true look then the Christmas work party was the place to do it. She didn’t care what her boss or her work colleagues thought, well all except for Holly from the Gamma team. Just a glance from her was all that Ivy wanted. As she lavished on her black eyeliner and pulled her black fluffy jacket over her arms she grabbed her bag and headed down to wait for her taxi.

It was Christmas week and the city was heaving with late night shoppers, families out seeing the lights, weary workers heading home and glam tipsy party goers on their annual night out just like her. High from the red bull she’s consumed while getting ready she was jumpy and excited as she paid the driver and bounced into the hotel. Inside she only had to give her name before being ushered into a conference room all set up with table after table of smart, glittery and groomed employees of one of the UK’s biggest insurance companies. This was just the sales night out too and looking around for anyone from her Beta team she smiled at Darshana and headed towards her.

Wine was in abundance and free so Ivy helped herself to a glass before the meal and several more with her food. Looking around the room while eating she definitely stood out from all the reds, greens, suits, ties and party dresses. Not that she cared. She was who she was and she was damned proud of that. She performed well at work, met her targets and supported her team. How she dressed and acted in her own free time was entirely her own business even if it made her stand out among her peers.

After the meal the staff swiftly converted the room into a dance hall with live music, a karaoke machine at the side for later and a bar, which Ivy made good use of at the company’s expense. Christmas only came once a year so why not? Still looking out for any sign of Holly she mingled as much as she dared before settling down at a table as the entertainment started. Before the music though the compère took the microphone and announced a quiz which immediately got Ivy up to her feet excited, even if she was by now rather tipsy from all she’d drunk so far.

Forming an impromptu team with others from her Beta team they rather unoriginally named themselves the Beta Beauties and they giggled rather childishly at the other rubbish team names like the Theta Cheaters , the Alpha Allies the Kappa Snappers and the Gamma girlies. Moving tables ready to start Ivy stumbled forwards almost knocking over someone. Looking up her face turned beetroot red when she realised it was none other than Holly, the most stunning red head she’d ever seen.

Apologies repeatedly Ivy brushed herself down and rushed to join her team. Pouring herself water from the table to calm her nerves she concentrated solely on the questions determined to win, especially hearing the price was a cash reward. One by one the Beta Beauties made it through to the finals though by now Ivy was feeling a very distracting need to break for the toilet. Knowing this wouldn’t be allowed in order to prevent cheating she swung her legs under her table and thought of anything other than her need while she fought to win against the Gamma girlies, one of whom of course was Holly.

Scoring equal after 20 quick fire questions the compere decided on a new tactic and called the team captains up for a head to head showdown. Standing up Ivy haphazardly made her way on the stage opposite the team leader from the opposing team, which just happened to be the stunning and equally tipsy Holly. As if facing the girl she fancied wasn’t hard enough Ivy was now struggling with the extra embarrassment of really needing to pee. Moving from foot to foot she bit her lip and held the table to steady her as she readied herself to press the button.

“And our deciding question tonight ladies is this…

Who did Margaret Thatcher precede as Prime Minister in 1979?”

Ivy looked right at Holly who appeared flustered and shaken. Why did she have to be against the one person in the company she thought about evening after evening? Trying to clear her mind and focus on the question she heard Holly’s shoes tapping on the floor as she reached to press the button. Hazarding a guess she buzzed and gave her answer.

“Harold Wilson”

“I’m afraid that’s wrong and the Beta Beauties are now out. Tonight’s winners are the Gamma girlies. A huge round of applause please for the Gamma girlies!”

Ivy put her hand out to shake Holly’s feeling her palms going sweaty at the thought of her dreamy giving her physical touch. Stepping back to let the opposing team collect their prize Ivy told herself that she’d go straight to the ladies as soon as the prize giving was over, but just as she was about to leave the Beta Beauties were called up for their runner up prize of a bottle of wine. Back at the table Darshana suggested they open it right away so everyone could get some. Not wanting to miss out on her prize Ivy sat back down despite now feeling rather bursting and she immediately drank the delicious wine that was poured for her while the live band started playing.

Pretty tipsy and now feeling bolder than normal she placed her empty glass down and decided then and there to go look for Holly to congratulate her on her win. Stumbling between chairs and people she talked away to everyone even if she didn’t know them as she headed towards Holly’s table, her eyes fixed on the red head who appeared equally as tipsy and fidgety as she was. Reaching the table finally she clumsily tripped over and almost fell onto Holly’s knee as she held out her hand again to congratulate her.

“Well do…done! Congratula….congratulations!”

Thankfully Holly smiled up at her as she bounced her knee.

“That was a tricky final question wasn’t it! You should have won though Ivy. At least you tried to answer it. All I could think about was that I needed a wee! Oh, I’ve still not been too. Hehe. I’m going to go now. Yes that’s what I’ll do. You don’t know where they are by any chance?”

“I…emmm…no I don’t! But let me find them with you Holly!”

Following slightly unsteadily behind Holly Ivy kept her in close sight through the crowd until they left the massive conference room and ended up in the sprawling reception. As they looked wide eyed and urgently to find a sign to the ladies it was Ivy who noticed them first. As they made their way over Ivy felt her body burning as Holly turned to her giggling.

“Thank God you spotted them! I’m absolutely bursting!”

The alcohol helping her lose her embarrassment Ivy rushed behind her feeling emblazoned to confess her own very desperate need.

“Me too! I’ve been holding it in all night!”

“Me too!”

Pulling the door to the ladies open Holly gasped and jiggled on the spot. The queue in front of them was much longer than either of them expected and unless it went quickly they would both be in trouble.

“Oh God Ivy! I’m gonna wee myself if this doesn’t move quick!”

“Me too!”

Both squirming now Holly turned to Ivy behind her.

“I love your outfit by the way. Emo isn’t it?”

“Yes! You wouldn’t believe how many think I’m a goth? It’s so annoying!”

“I bet it is! You look brilliant. So much more original than all the company clones out there! I’d never have known seeing you at work though.”

Chatting while they waited it was obvious the two twenty something girls were getting on well as they both crossed their legs, danced from foot to food and fidgeted. The queue was barely moving though when Ivy blushed and pushed a hand over her crotch.

“God I’m so desperate Holly! Like seriously desperate!”

Holly tensed her face and marched on the spot.

“Oh me too!”

Finally someone came out and the queue edged forward with Holly now moaning under her breath.

“I’m not gonna get out of here dry Ivy. I’m really not.”

Ivy, no longer caring what anyone thought, pushed her hand between her shorts and grabbed herself openly.

“I need to pee so bad!”

Silently they fought their own personal battles trying to valiantly keep their bladders at bay but it was Ivy, her bladder now reaching breaking point after so many glasses of wine not to mention the energy drink she’d had before leaving home, that began cracking first. Dancing manically with her hand wedged hard between her legs she felt tears prickling her eyes.

“I’m dribbling Holly. I can’t hold this. I’m dying for a pee!”

Holly looked at her sympathetically as another cubicle emptied and they moved a tiny bit closer to getting relief.

“We’re nearly there now. Just try your best. I’m bloody bursting myself too!”

Feeling her pants warm and damp between her legs Ivy dared to let another dribble out just to ease the pressure a little, but it proved to be fatal and what started as a dribble instantly became a huge gusher of a flood soaking her shorts, her fishnet tights and even her Vans. Splashing her feet in the puddle Ivy’s eyes met Holly’s as her new friend placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder just as two cubicles freed up and the queue moved a bit quicker. Stepping over the puddle Ivy remained with Holly for comfort and out of embarrassment encouraging her to hold on where she was unable to.

Five minutes later, after so much squirming and banging on the doors Holly made it in, though as she washed her hands afterwards she confessed to Ivy that she too hadn’t quite made it and both her underwear and the back of her dress were wet. Too ashamed to return to their colleagues Ivy suggested Holly come back to hers to get washed and cleaned up and saying that they could return back if they wanted to as she didn’t live that far away.

Waiting outside in the dark for a taxi the girls chatted and shared about their desperation grateful that everyone else was too busy inside partying. It was only back at Ivy’s flat having a much needed coffee to sober up while the bath ran that Ivy relaxed enough to confess to Holly that she’d liked her for ages.

“I was way too shy to say before. I hope I haven’t upset you.”

Feeling Holly’s hand in hers, their clothing still wet from urine and their bladders filling fast again from the coffee Ivy felt the happiest she’d ever felt.

“I’d better go turn the bath off. I’ll go look out some clean clothes for you too. I’m afraid it’s probably all Emo stuff though. Well other than pyjamas that is. I’ve got a few pairs of nice Christmas ones if you’d prefer them over skinny jeans and band tops?”

Holly laughed.

“Pyjamas are fine. Well until my clothes are dry anyway.”

“Cool. I’ll stick a quick wash on in my machine while you’re having a soak and then I’ll have a wash when you’re finished.”

With Holly in the bath Ivy stripped herself off, cleaned herself with warm soapy water then pulled on some fresh pants and a pair of fleece pyjamas with Santa hats on. Never in her wildest dreams did she ever think she’d have wet herself at the work Christmas party nor did she ever think Holly would ever be in her flat let alone naked in her bath with her peed in clothing in her washing machine.

As Christmas’s go this really was turning out to be the best. She only hoped Holly felt the same way.

——

The Holly and the Ivy, when their bladders are full grown, of all the girls that are in the queue, the Holly bears the crown.

