The Long Flight

Author: MasterPace

*000*2018-04-24 22:59

It was a hot summer day outside, but in the small commuter airport, it was nice and air conditioned. Waiting for her flight was a young 24 year old named Bridget. She was a very attractive girl, but had a petite frame, only standing 5' 7". However, she was the center of many stares, especially by some men on the younger side.

She was heading home from her brief vacation, and she was dressed for the weather. She wore a light summer dress with a floral plant, and underneath she was wearing a matching set of pink bra and panties. She had already finished 2 bottles of water due to the scorching heat, and was quickly finishing one she bought in the airport convince store.

Soon, the gate agent began the boarding call, and Bridget rose from the airport bench. A small line had already formed around the ticket desk, and Bridget joined it soon. She handed the gate agent her ticket, and began to embark onto the small commuter plane.

As she was walking down the jetplane, she felt her bladder make slight push, thanks to her previous water.

"I'all just hold it until I get home, or just go on the plane." Bridget thought to herself.

She boarded the small turboprop plane that would fly her home. It was only a 1 hour flight, and the plane only had around 30 seats, so nobody had to share a row. Bridget found her seat near the back of the plane, and placed her bag in the overhead. She patiently waited while the rest if the plane had filled up.

Another thing that was filling up, was Bridget's bladder.

"I'll just go to the bathroom when they turn they turn the seatbelt sign off." Bridget assured herself that she would be able to relieve herself soon. She was forced to fasten her seatbelt, which cinched around tight on her bladder. The plane taxied out of the gate, and was moving towards the runway when the captain made an announcement.

"Attention passengers, we are experiencing issues with our bathroom, and it is very unlikely that it will be able to be used during this flight. We apologize for this inconvienience." To most passengers, this was of no concern, they didn't have any need to go to the bathroom. However; to Bridget, this was very alarming.

"Dammit! I really shouldn't have drank that much water, and now I can't go until we get off!" Bridget was quite concerned whether her bladder could hold. She figured they would be on the ground again in around an hour and a half, so all she had to do, was hold until then.

The small plane thundered down the runway and soon gained altitude. The cabin shook as the plane ascended into the sky. Soon, the plane leveled off, and began cruising towards its destination.

"Thank god we didn't climb anymore!" Bridget thought to herself. She quickly unbuckled her seatbelt that was pressing on her aching bladder. She held her hands against her dress, soothing her bladder.

"Who cares what other people think? I'd rather not wet myself..." She mumbled under her breath. Her desperation was quickly growing, and a sizable bulge began to grow. All Bridget could think about was trying not to wet herself on the plane. She glanced around, and everyone was busy doing their own things, not noticing her predicament. Bridget was trying her best not to fidget and attract too much attention, but every little bounce the plane made, was making that a very difficult task.

Soon, the captain made another announcement.

"Attention, we will be approaching some turbulence, please buckle up, we will begin descending, but as there as turbulence, it could get rough."

Bridget groaned, and fastened her seatbelt snugly directly on her bladder, putting external pressure on. As the captain said, plane soon began descending into turbulence. Every little bounce made Bridget come closer to leaking. The turbulence was throwing the turboprop plane all around, in every direction.

Bridget immediately shoved her hands into her dress, as she felt a small leak erupt. Her panties soon became damp due to her urine escaping through. Some urine even dropped onto the carpet below. Bridget was able to stop the leak, and prevent anymore damage though, much to her relief.

The clouds soon disappeared, and the figure of a town emerged, along with the airport. Bridget sighed in massive relief, as she could soon head to a functioning restroom. The plane was closing in on runway, when suddenly a sharp jerking notion shook the plane forward as it landed. The cabin was thruster forward, and this finally loosened Bridget's control on her bladder.

Bridget tried her best to hold it in, but her bladder finally gave way and relieved itself. She soaked her panties, and much of the lower part of her dress, and it was soaked. A large stain grew on the carpet, as Bridget reluctantly let her pee escape. The sound of warm urine hitting the carpet was drowned out due to the landing, and everyone was too nervous to notice what had happened.

The plane finally slowed down, and Bridget's bladder finished relieving itself. She let out a small sigh in relief, as she wouldn't have to hold anymore. The warm feeling in her panties was quite soothing to her.

The plane taxied to the gate, and everyone began disembarking. Since it was a small plane, it didn't take too long. Bridget was the last to get off, in fear of the large stain on her dress being noticeable. She inched her way towards the front of the plane, and one of the flight attendants noticed the pee stain.

"Is that...did you wet yourself?" The attendant asked.

"Umm...yeah, I guess I did..." Bridget said hesitantly.

"Don't worry, it happens to everyone..." The attendant motioned down to her skirt, and Bridget also noticed a noticeable stain on it as well.

"I haven't had a bahroom break in nearly 12 hours, and that turbulence...." The flight attendant had admitted.

"Well, at least I'm not the only one!" Bridget departed the plane, feeling a little better she wasn't the only one with a rough flight.

This was my first story, apologies if it is bad!

*004*2018-04-25 18:46

{{3 hours ago, BlueWetter said:

Great job! I am interested to hear about the flight attendant's accident and Bridget's trip home

}}

I wasn't planning on making a follow up, but I could look into it more!

