Together in Times Of Desperation (book 2 of Sarah and Will) - Page 8

Author: Mbgpeelover

*176*2020-12-03 13:56

{{1 hour ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Mmmmmm one of my dream scenarios...squirming against a partner’s leg while they thoroughly enjoy it and gently prevent me leaving

Cant wait to see how this turns out

}}

One of my ultimate fantasies too

*177*2020-12-04 11:24

Chapter 81:

‘So talk me through some of this Sarah. This one to IP (Springland) on 1st. That a big one right away.’

‘Will that’s my rent. It’s Investment Properties, my landlord.’

‘Right. Not much we can do about that one. Though let’s wait and see shall we? Next...now that’s your TV, phone and internet there I guess. You can definitely get that cheaper. That one to the council I assume is council tax?’

Sarah pushed more against Will’s upper leg desperate for added pressure against her crotch. Did it really matter if she rushed off to pee real quick? It’s not like she could magic thousands of pounds overnight into her account anyway so was it worth wetting herself for? If she didn’t go shortly that would be exactly what would happen.

‘Yes that’s council tax. Sorry Will, I really need a quick break honey.’

Will felt Sarah rub her crotch against his upper leg and immediately his entire body craved her instantly. Her wriggles, bouncing and squirming made his heart race and his mouth go dry. Never had a woman driven him quite this crazy and as Sarah spoke he couldn’t stop himself from fondling her breasts with both hands through her thin pyjamas. Part of him wanted to let Sarah go to the bathroom, more of him drooled over the erotic possibility of her wetting herself on his knee and simultaneously all of him longed to be inside her as she wriggled and rocked obviously on top of his leg.

‘Can you wait until I at least find out all these direct debits and standing orders? Is it really urgent?’

Sarah could feel how turned on Will was, and with his heart right behind her head she could even hear it beating fast which, combined with Will’s heavy breathing and pleasant moans, made her feel enormously sexy. But her need to release was getting really urgent and while what Will was doing to her breasts was extremely arousing she really really was in danger of pissing herself soon.

‘Yes. It’s very urgent unfortunately. I’m very much reaching my limit.’

Looking at the figures on the screen Will chuckled without taking either hand off of Sarah’s chest.

‘It looks to me that you reached your limit some time ago and all you’ve been doing since is dancing about the fact that things were about to burst completely and leave you in an awful mess.’

Suddenly grinding into Will’s leg furiously, while Will slipped both hands inside Sarah’s pyjama top to twirl and massage her breasts and nipples whilst simultaneously nibbling at the back of her neck, Sarah replied:

‘Are you referring to my bank account or the state of my bladder Will? Oh my goodness Will I can feel it coming!’

Will barely lifted his tongue from the back of Sarah’s neck, hardly able to breath he was so turned on, as he muttered back panting:

‘Oh fuck! Let it come girl. Right where you are baby. I’m about to do exactly that too!’

The room fell silent other than a quiet whirl from Will’s laptop on the table and quiet moans from Sarah as she tried valiantly to keep fighting. Will could feel his penis rise and fall and twitch all on its own as his body fought the urgency to keep playing with Sarah’s body against the powerful impulse to masterbate his own.

Sarah didn’t say any more as all her willpower and concentration went into keeping her urethra tight closed. But regardless how tight she held, how much she fought, how firm she pressed down, it was all in vain as warmth spread rapidly and quickly down her crotch, all over Will’s crotch and down both their trouser legs, pouring down at pace as they remained sat there together.

Over a minute later Sarah sighed before finally commenting.

‘Sorry Will. I seem to be making a terrible mess of everything these days.’

Standing up and turning to see the full mess Sarah stared at the scene in from of her.

There Will sat in his dining chair, legs spread, head back, eyes shut, left trouser crotch and leg drenched with both hands down at his own crotch masterbating furiously with his penis out. Within seconds he exploded with a loud eruption of ‘fuck! Oh fuck!’

Sarah knew she had no need to apologise now, as clearly Will had enjoyed the experience every bit as much as she had.

*178*2020-12-05 10:01

Chapter 82:

Will looked up at Sarah stood right in front of him, both hands still at his crotch, his hands covered in white sticky mess and his crotch and trousers sodden. His eyes sparkled and shone and his cheeks flushed red as he smiled guiltily but seductively up at Sarah.

‘You look more beautiful than ever my lovely.’

Looking over briefly at the laptop, which had now gone onto Will’s screensaver, Sarah looked right back into Will’s glowing eyes.

‘You know I feel so much better now but unfortunately we never did get the money stuff sorted. Let’s just leave it tonight shall we? It must be after midnight by now and I’m really tired. But Will..happy birthday!’

Sarah stepped forwards, her bare feet splashing in the puddle of her own urine as she leaned down and kissed Will passionately on the lips.

Over a minute passed before Will was willing to part his lips from Sarah’s, though he somehow managed to lean forwards and press a key on the laptop to make sure Sarah was still logged into her bank account and get it off the screensaver.

‘Why don’t you get freshened up my beautiful and I’ll tidy up in here, turn off the computer and I’ll join you in bed shortly. I might have a quick shower first. Feel free to have one too.’

‘I think I will.’

As Sarah left to head to the bathroom Will smiled broadly as he saw just how wet the back of her pyjamas were, especially at her bottom.

‘Gorgeous’ he muttered to himself as he quickly washed his hands and wiped his sticky penis head before tucking it back away. Anxious to get back to the laptop before the screensaver came back on he dried his hands, tossed the towel on the puddle on the floor then stood on it as he quickly memorised Sarah’s sort code and account number before logging her out.

Looking up to check she was still nowhere nearby, Will re-logged into the same bank under his own details then set up a transfer of funds, a larger amount to Sarah’s personal account that he hoped would credit right away, then a smaller, but still substantial, amount into her business account, the details for which he got from the bank statement Sarah had given him earlier. Feeling much happier he logged out again, closed the computer down, rinsed the glasses from earlier, loaded the dishwasher then switched it on.

Still in wet trousers he turned off the main lights in the rooms and headed for a shower at last.

*179*2020-12-06 12:50

Chapter 83 and the end of book 2.

Sarah fell asleep quickly not even hearing when Will joined her. She knew Will had slept beside her though he was already out of bed by the time she woke. Suddenly remembering the significance of the day she looked around the room in the early morning light for a pen, eventually finding one in Will’s bedside cabinet drawer. Digging out the card she had bought the night before she wrote a simple line in the blank inside then signed it ‘with love, Sarah xx’. Lying it on the bed beside her she pulled her suitcase onto the bed and looked out some clean clothes and wash things. As she pulled out a bra she spotted something else she had picked up at the supermarket too. Holding it tight in her hand she paused for a moment thinking what to do.

Finally she decided she needed to know so took everything, except the card, with her to Will’s bathroom. Locking the door she placed her clean clothes over the towel rack and opened the packet to read the instructions. Shaking Sarah followed them precisely before stepping into the now very familiar shower. Adding her shower gel, shampoo, razors, and sponge to the shower storage Sarah couldn’t help smiling. She had work on Monday, so did Will, yet here she was putting her own things into Will’s apartment as if living here was a permanent arrangement. Despite the craziness of it Sarah couldn’t bring herself to remove them again as she rubbed her hair, dried her body and found her underwear. Pulling her top from the towel rail Sarah heard something fall and looked down to see what it was.

Picking it up she looked at it in shock. Two clear blue lines. Oh.

Will slept soundly waking at his usual time both needing to empty his bladder and with a morning hard on too. Glancing at Sarah he momentarily wished he could satisfy his morning desire with her but reality hit quickly as he remembered what he had done before bed. Eager to check the money had come out of his account at least he used the toilet, washed his hands, then headed to the dining table via his beloved coffee machine. Logging in to the bank online he felt reassured and satisfied to see his account balance was 10 thousand pounds less than the night before.

He had had so many plans for today, from wanting to wake beside Sarah, to longing to take her to his favourite beach, to planning to watch the sun set in his favourite place, but suddenly it occurred to him that he hadn’t shared any of it with Sarah. With yesterday’s awful news with her mum she may not be up for any of it.

Sipping his coffee and holding the mug with both hands he realised he hadn’t even thought to make Sarah a cuppa yet. He had found himself back in his own set routine without even realising. Determining to write himself a new routine for ‘mornings that Sarah stays over’ he filled the kettle and stood waiting on it boiling. Getting a mug out and putting a tea bag in he wished, not for the first time, that Sarah would just move in permanently. If nothing else it would save the problem of her paying rent, though he had already sorted that for next month at least.

With the tea made Will headed through to the bedroom eager to tell Sarah his exciting news and his ideas for the day.

Sarah dressed, dried her hair roughly with Will’s hairdryer, opened Will’s cake and stuck some candles on, then grabbed the birthday card and pregnancy test and headed to find Will.

She’d give him the mug a bit later. For now her news was more than enough, especially for a man who less than 2 months ago only left the house for work, only used the bathroom in his own apartment and relied on the internet for everything else.

Sarah smiled as she thought to herself. ‘Well Will Highland, this was one thing you most definitely didn’t use the internet for!’

*184*2020-12-06 18:37

I expect it will be next year before I start sharing hook 3 but I really appreciate all your comments and I will miss Sarah and Will greatly.

