Kyle's Wet Summer

Author: Morgan91

*000*2018-07-27 10:16

Nine-year-old Kyle shifted in his seat uncomfortably. He didn't much care for flying. He didn't much care for long trips in general, nor did he care to spend half the summer with his father. Kyle's dad had left when he was only three and their bond was mostly nonexistent.

“Don't look so bummed, Kyle. Your dad is excited to spend time with you boys,” his mother explained. “And besides, it's high time you met your new sister.”

Kyle's dad had remarried to some pretty young woman he met at a golf course. There were probably a lot of really pretty women in LA.

Kyle sighed. “I guess.” He fidgeted again.

“Do you think Dad'll let me try driving the Jeep?” Kyle's older brother, Cody asked.

Their mother laughed. “You can ask.” Cody had just turned sixteen and obtained his learner's permit. So far, he backed into their neighbour's station wagon, ran several stop signs, and scratched the driver's side door. Kyle had no interest in driving when it came time. All he wanted to do was hang out with his friends and play video games.

“Now, boys, I don't want you two messing around. You don't have a lot of extra time to waste before your plane leaves, so just go right to security and make sure you don't miss your plane.”

Kyle rolled his eyes. He wouldn't miss his mom's constant nagging, if it was any consolation. He jiggled his legs. “Are we there yet, mom?”

“In about ten minutes.”

“I kind of have to go pee,” Kyle admitted. He'd been holding it for a while now and was a bit worried he wouldn't have time to go before the flight left. He squeezed his legs together and tried to ignore the urge.

“Well, you'll have to hold it for a bit longer.”

“If you make us miss this flight, I'm gonna kill you,” Cody whispered.

Kyle said nothing else for the rest of the ride. He could feel his urge to go growing, but he tried hard not to show how desperate he was.

As they carried their bags to the gate, Kyle walked a bit slower behind his mother and brother, stopping every so often to adjust his hold. Once inside, Kyle saw several available bathrooms.

“Boys, you've only got forty-five minutes before boarding. You should get going... Oh! Kyle, do you still have to go pee?” their mother was frantically trying to maintain control of a situation she had to let go of.

Kyle shook his head, “No, I think I can hold it.”

“Good. You're gonna be late!” She gave both boys a hug and a kiss and sent them off through security.

The line up was snaked around, and it seemed like there was no way they would make it through in a timely fashion. Kyle was having a hard time standing still. “Cody...”

“What?” the older brother groaned.

“Do you think there's a bathroom here...?”

“I mean, yeah, but you have to wait until we get through security.”

“I really have to go...” Kyle's voice was small and quiet and standing up wasn't ideal for his current predicament. He could feel the shoulder straps of his backpack digging in, as well as the waistband of his jean shorts.

“It won't be too much longer,” Cody tried to reassure his desperate little brother.

Kyle turned on his gameboy and tried to further ignore his body's urges. He tried to catch a few pokemon, but was mostly concentrated on doing the preventative pee-pee dance.

The minutes that rolled by felt like decades and the line crept along. Kyle could swear his back teeth were swimming, but the boys were nearly through.

Cody passed his brother a plastic crate to put all of his things in. “Just hold it a little longer,” he whispered.

Kyle nodded, unsure if he could keep that promise. He squeezed his legs together and loaded up the security crate, readying it for the x-ray machine.

First, they called Cody through.

Kyle waited patiently, shaking with desperation. He felt a short spurt of pee soaking his underwear. He held himself and readjusted. He was so close now...

The security agent waved Kyle through the metal detector. Kyle felt another burst and grabbed himself.

“Are you alright, young man?” the agent asked.

Kyle nodded.

“Are you sure?”

Cody stepped in, “My little brother just really has to go to the bathroom.”

“Go ahead then, boys.”

Cody took his brother's hand. “Can you run?”

Kyle shook his head and grabbed his crotch. Tears were welling up in his eyes, “I'm gonna pee my pants,” he whispered.

“Just hold it a little longer. I can see the bathroom from here!”

Kyle reluctantly began walking. He held himself tight, but felt a long spurt of pee drenching the front of his shorts. He gasped, letting loose a puddle of pee right in front of the other passengers.

“It's okay,” Cody kept saying, dragging his embarrassed little brother to the men's room. “Just change in the stall. We can wash the wet stuff at Dad's."

*003*2018-08-28 20:24

Part 2

Kyle closed the bathroom stall and wiped the tears off of his face. He peeled off his wet shorts and underwear and shoved them into the front pocket of his backpack. He was going to smell like a public bathroom for the whole flight!

“Kyle, hurry up! We're going to miss the final boarding call!” Cody shouted.

Kyle pulled out his swim trunks and put them on. No time for fancy things like belts or underwear. He still felt like he needed to go pee, but time was running out. “I'm done,” he said, shyly emerging from the stall.

Cody raised an eyebrow. “Swim shorts? Really? Whatever, let's go.” Cody grabbed his brother's hand and they headed to their gate, which was about to do final boarding call.

“Just in time,” Kyle gasped. Running wasn't the kindest thing he could do for his bladder and he had some regrets. He looked back at the bathroom longingly.

“Did you forget something?” Cody asked.

“Uh, no,” Kyle sheepishly lied.

Cody rolled his eyes and handed his brother his boarding pass.

“Aw man, the middle seat?!” Kyle whined.

“Mom booked these like a month ago. The plane is full, so it's not like we can swap seats,” Cody replied, “I'm sitting in the middle seat in row 18.”

“Mine is 17,” Kyle sighed. He wasn't looking forward to the claustrophobia of sitting next to two strangers. His stomach burned with anxiety and he almost forgot that he still needed to pee.

Kyle and Cody were the last two passengers to get on the plane. When Kyle found his row, he had to nearly climb over a very large woman who was almost asleep. Thankfully she got up when he politely said, “excuse me.” Once he sat down and buckled himself in, he felt a bit better about the scenario. Nobody had a crying baby or smelled really bad. As the flight attendant came by to check they had their seatbelts on, Kyle put up his hand.

“Yes, sweetie?” the chubby, older attendant asked.

“Can I go to the bathroom?” Kyle didn't even feel desperate yet, but felt as though now was the best time to go.

“Not until the seatbelt sign is off. We're about to take off now. Can you wait a few minutes?”

Kyle nodded. He could wait a while still. He sat back in his seat and felt the rumbling of the plane as it began to roll down the runway. It wasn't the most pleasant feeling for his bladder or his anxious stomach, but Kyle closed his eyes and tried to hold it all in. He crossed his legs, trying not to fidget too much. Maybe he could just hold it for the whole flight?

Cody turned around and peeked over the seat to check on his brother. “You okay?” Cody whispered.

Kyle nodded. He could tell Cody felt bad that they weren't sitting together. The first time they had come out to see their dad, Kyle was only six and it was over the Christmas break. The boys sat together, sharing the window seat and swapping off every few miles. About an hour into the flight, they hit a storm. The cabin shook so much, Kyle spent most of the flight with his face in a sick bag. The only reason he didn't coat himself in a soup of his own puke was because Cody was there and ready to help.

Another twinge of desperation struck Kyle's bladder. He crossed over the opposite leg and breathed out slowly through his nose. The seatbelt sign was still on. How much longer could it stay on for? Weren't they finished taking off yet? His bladder was steadily swelling and Kyle's knees knocked together as he trembled slightly.

Kyle leaned forward and grabbed his Gameboy out of the side pocket of his backpack and started catching Pokemon again, in another failing attempt to distract himself. He held the B button and ran through the tall grass, fighting another Ratata, crossing his left leg over his right. It had only been a few minutes, and when he looked up, he saw the seatbelt sign was still on. Kyle suppressed a groan and fidgeted again, crossing his legs the opposite way. “I can hold it,” he told himself, as if the statement would aid him in his desperate attempt to silence his bulging bladder.

Finally, with a ding, the seatbelt sign shut off. “Whew!” Kyle thought as he nearly sprang out of his seat. Standing up made the pressure in his crotch even more unbearable, so he took care to steady himself. “Uh, sorry, excuse me,” he whispered to the woman sitting in the aisle seat. She opened her eyes groggily.

“Oh, sorry,” she replied. Kyle potty danced on the spot as the woman took her time getting up and letting Kyle out, “My goodness, you look like you're about to burst...”

Kyle blushed, holding his crotch and snuck by hurriedly. The bathroom was still unoccupied! He could see the home stretch! He felt another spasm and leaked a few drops into his swim trunks, and adjusted himself again as he made his way down the aisle towards freedom.

An older man pushed in front of him and got to the bathroom door first. Kyle was forced to awkwardly wait. He could wait here for a few more seconds... probably. He twisted his right leg around his left, trying hard to not have to grab his penis in front of the flight attendants, but his begging bladder wouldn't let up. Kyle winced and held himself for a few seconds to prevent another leak. He wished the guy in the toilet would hurry up! Didn't he know other people had to pee? Kyle began to tap his foot impatiently. The rhythm helped him forget how badly he needed to go.

Suddenly, the plane hit some turbulence. Kyle hung onto the aisle seat closest to him and crossed his legs tightly. The man emerged from the bathroom, and just as Kyle was about to finally go in and relieve the burning pressure, a freckled flight attendant grasped his shoulder and said, “You need to return to your seat, hun. Just until the turbulence subsides.”

“B-but... I really-”

“We just need you to stay safe during the flight, hun.”

Kyle grabbed his crotch and slowly made his way back to his seat. The large woman let him back in and instantly fell asleep, while Kyle's legs danced uncomfortably and the pressure continued to build up in his privates. He didn't even want to turn on his Gameboy as he prayed desperately that the seatbelt sign would dim and he could finally go pee.

Cody turned around and saw his little brother having a very uncomfortable time. “You good, dude?”

It was all Kyle could do to shake his head, no. He winced and leaned forward as far as he could.

“If you're gonna puke, you can use the barf bag in the back of the seat,” Cody reassured his brother.

“I...I'm not sick...” Kyle whispered, fidgeting again.

“What's wrong then?” Cody asked.

“They wouldn't let me go to the bathroom and now... I just have to go so bad!” Kyle whispered.

“Again?” Cody rolled his eyes.

Kyle dug his hand into his crotch and held himself. He felt like he was about to cry the pressure was so bad. He couldn't pee his pants again! And he was already almost out of dry clothes.

*004*2018-11-26 20:25

Kyle scrunched himself up and tried to keep from trembling. He was having a hard time breathing now. He had to hold it! He couldn’t have another accident right here in front of these strangers! He gasped, pressing down hard on his crotch. His bladder was about to burst! His body didn’t care about the impending embarrassment - his pee was coming out regardless of whether he got to the toilet or not. Kyle bit his lip. He couldn’t keep from squirming desperately now. He wouldn’t be able to hold on for much longer now. In a last ditch attempt, he crossed one leg tightly over the other and began to bounce in place.

Kyle wasn’t raised religious, but he found himself praying to God or whomever that the seat belt light would turn off. “Please please please let me go to the bathroom!” he silently pleaded. The bouncing he found himself in the midst of was not helping him. Kyle winced as he felt a tiny trickle of urine dribble out of his pee hole. He grabbed the end of his penis and tried to hold in the dangerously high and violent tides.

Cody turned around and stared at his brother angrily. “What the hell are you doing?”

Kyle shot his brother a terrified look, continuing to grip his shaft. “I have to go pee! It’s an emergency!” he said in a harsh whisper.

Cody sighed deeply. “There’s no way you have to go that bad! Stop touching yourself! We’re in public, Kyle! That’s so gross!”

Kyle shook his head. Didn’t Cody know he was just trying to hold it? Kyle whimpered and crossed his legs again, his desperate penis held between tight thighs. Another stream escaped and slithered down his leg.

Cody gasped as he saw his little brother start having another accident. He quickly passed his little brother a sick bag. “J-just… go in this!” Cody frantically demanded.

The large woman sitting next to Kyle gasped in horror as she witnessed the thirteen year old undo the velcro from his swim shorts. She shot up from her seat and made an attempt to call for the flight attendant.

Kyle was trying not to cry from the burning pain of holding in all that pee. He gripped the head of his spurting penis with one hand while undoing the velcro of his shorts with the other. There was already a large damp spot in his crotch and some of his urine was soaking into the seat of the airplane, but he kept pressing on, trying to aim the stream into the sick bag.

Much to Kyle’s chagrin, the sick bags were not the highest quality and it began to drip. As he continued to bashfully relieve himself, the seatbelt sign turned off and the flight attendant made her way to Kyle.

“Son, I suggest you get yourself cleaned up. The bathroom is all yours,” the flight attendant said.

Kyle turned bright red and bit his cheeks. He was trying so hard not to cry.

Cody turned around, whispering, “It’s okay, Kyle. We’re almost there…”

Kyle got up from his seat and shamefully walked to the bathroom at the other end of the plane, his accident on display for everyone on the plane. Kyle opened the door to the bathroom and sat down on the toilet seat. He didn’t even remove his wet swim shorts as he emptied the rest of his pee. Kyle began to cry. Why hadn’t they just let him go to the bathroom?! Why did this always happen to him?! He buried his face in his hands, letting the tears fall into his already soaked lap.

Kyle heard a knock on the bathroom door. “Kyle, it’s Cody…”

“Go away!” Kyle shouted.

“Dude… I have some clothes for you.”

Kyle sniffled and opened the door a crack. His brother handed him a pair of jeans.

“Do you need any help?” Cody asked.

Kyle shook his head. “I… I’m sorry…”

Cody shrugged. “It’s not your fault. Don’t worry about it. The flight attendant was really nice. She put a cover over your seat and everything. I won’t even tell Dad when we land…”

Kyle couldn’t respond. There was a lump in his throat and he felt more tears cascade down his cheeks. He began to whimper and Cody gave his little brother a comforting hug.

