Kara Danvers Has A Weak Bladder

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2020-03-25 04:44

PRE - LENA DISCOVERING KARA'S IDENTITY!

Lena Luthor admired Supergirl like nobody else. Although she had a hard time expressing it to her, Supergirl was most likely her best friend - which scared her, because Luthor's don't typically have friends, let alone best friends. They have acquaintances that have mutual benefits. But Supergirl was different, whenever she would fly to the balcony of L Corp to greet her after a long day, Lena would get butterflies. This made Lena more uncomfortable. She wasn't sure how to even properly go about a friendship. Does she invite Supergirl for coffee? Probably not. Lena was at times quick to let her admiration turn to jealousy when she would see Supergirl do something that humans could only dream of doing - carrying a plane, or soaring over National City or even having bullets deflect off her like nothing. It wasn't typical jealousy, like 'I want what you have' jealousy, it was more like... what weaknesses could Supergirl have?

But even when she thought about that, she didn't mean weaknesses in the way that she could hurt Supergirl, just guilty pleasures or embarrassing things that every regular person does! Lena hated the fact that even though Supergirl was her friend, she couldn't help but think the way she does. She was dying for a glimpse of Supergirl's imperfections, because truthfully the youngest Luthor was full of those. Do Kryptonians get embarrassingly more drunk than they intend to like humans? Has Supergirl ever even touched alcohol? Those were just a few odd things Lena had speculated on. She guessed no on both.

Supergirl was too regal in her stance, too perfect in every way imaginable. It made the young billionaire CEO frustrated. But that would soon change.

It was a typical Supergirl save on the news when Lena checked her phone in her office. Something about a bus full of kids falling off a bridge that she caught mid-air, regular National City stuff. She made an effort to not stay too late anymore, but that effort truthfully wasn't working, it was already 9 P.M. with at least a few more hours of paperwork stacked on her desk. But then she heard it - a gust of wind and the sound of the Kryptonian girl landing on Lena's balcony. She smiled to herself before she stood in her tight black dress that barely passed her knees. Supergirl stood in the doorway.

"Can I come in, Miss Luthor? Or do I need to start making appointments and going through security?" Supergirl joked.

"Well, I thought about making you do that, but you look like you have so much fun when you shake my office with your landings." Lena smiled back.

"Sorry! I didn't even realize I was -" Supergirl began. "Supergirl, you are always welcome to land on my balcony." Lena smiled, cutting her off.

Supergirl smiled back at her, looking down. "What do I owe the pleasure? I thought you'd be celebrating, or basking in self righteous glory after saving that busload of kids," Lena said, putting extra sarcastic emphasis on the celebration part as she watched Supergirl enter and sit on the couch in the middle of her office.

"What? I can't stop by on my way home to see how you're doing?" Supergirl replied, faking how offended she was.

"Well, I'm twelve hours deep into what's probably going to be a 14 hour day," Lena said, sitting next to Supergirl, and pulling two empty wine glasses out from under the table followed by a bottle of red wine.

"I don't know if you know this, but Kryptonians can't really get drunk off human alcohol," Supergirl smiled awkwardly.

"Of course you can't, but just indulge me?" Lena said, crossing that off in her mental notes about mundane things Kryptonians do or don't do.

"I mean, they do say don't drink and fly, but I don't know who's going to pull me over and breathalyze me a few thousand feet in the air, so why not?" Supergirl said.

Lena laughed a bit, pouring wine into the two glasses. "I hope your big save tonight went smoothly," Lena said, admiring the chest symbol of her suit.

Supergirl laughed a bit nervously, "It.. It was fine, just business as usual!" She replied, trying to sound confident.

"Did I just hear a stutter? Come on, now you've got to tell me!" Lena said back, curiosity burning.

Supergirl felt her inner Kara shining through for a minute before she began, "It's really embarrassing, but I was absolutely dying to pee," Supergirl laughed a bit, brushing her blonde hair out of her face.

Lena was almost taken aback by the thought of that. Supergirl hunched over, holding herself. Desperate. She tried not to let her mind wander, but she felt something there that was different from what she expected, and it took her no time at all to realize she was oddly attracted to that idea.

"Well.." Lena paused, still trying to escape the thought of that, "It happens to the best of us," Lena smiled.

Supergirl, playing along smiled at the Luthor, "Even the scariest woman in National City, the great Lena Luthor, has to go sometimes?"

Lena blushed, recalling a situation in a board room last week where she nearly wet herself. "No, definitely not me! That's not what I meant when I said that!" Lena said, getting a bit defensive, but still jokingly.

Supergirl sighed, "I'm just happy I got out of there before some reporter arrived trying to ask me questions."

Lena immediately thought of her friend, or acquaintance, or whatever label best described Kara Danvers.

"It is getting late though, I just really wanted to make sure you're not over here working yourself to death," The Kryptonian girl said as she stood up. Lena couldn't help but notice Supergirl lightly squeezing her thighs together.

"You haven't even touched your wine!" Lena complained as Supergirl made her way to the balcony.

"You haven't touched yours! And besides, National City will need a fully functioning Supergirl tomorrow morning! And it'll definitely need a fully functioning Lena Luthor too, so get some sleep tonight," Supergirl smiled, still slightly squirming in place. Lena smiled at her, nodding. And with that, Supergirl was gone like a gust of wind.

Lena made her way back to her desk, sitting down with her glass of wine. She couldn't get the idea out of her head. This definitely wasn't what Lena meant when she thought about Supergirl's weaknesses.

###

Kara would like to think she had a lot of friends, a lot of good friends. Her sister, Alex, would always be her best friend - but right now, Alex was far from her best friend. Kara just got back from her slightly embarrassing visit with Lena to the DEO to get the all good to return home - but there was one issue - Kara Danvers had to pee really, really bad. She understood Alex and J'onn had tons of paperwork to fill out, but the whole debriefing process on the bus incident was absolutely killing her.

"And you didn't talk to any media before you left the scene?" Alex asked sternly.

"No!" Kara said frustrated, then correcting her tone, "I mean no, no I didn't."

Alex looked at Kara strangely. "Are you okay?" She inquired.

Kara tried really hard not to roll her eyes. "I'm fine, I just really want to go home now, you know?" Kara said back, her thighs were pushed together so hard she thought they might explode. She was doing everything in her Kryptonian power to not squirm in front of her sister, but she also tried that in front of Lena Luthor a few minutes ago, and still managed to look like a little kid. It was one of her many, humanizing, humbling and embarrassing secrets that Kara Danvers was in fact pee-shy. The idea of trying to admit that she had to pee, especially while wearing her Supergirl suit, was totally humiliating. And not to mention the idea of peeing in public places. If Kara Danvers couldn't do it, Supergirl definitely wouldn't either.

"Well, that pretty much covers it our end. You should probably go home and get some sleep, it looks like you could use it," Alex said, still looking at Kara a little strangely.

Kara smiled awkwardly, standing up. "Perfect! Great! Okay, see you tomorrow. Love you, bye!" Kara said as she speed walked to the place she could take off from in the DEO.

Alex watched her awkward stance and walk. 'She really needs to piss,' Alex laughed to herself.

Just as Kara was about to take off, she felt her phone buzz. 'Damn it, really?' Kara thought to herself. She quickly checked her phone to see Lena had texted her.

I know it's late, but I really need you to swing by my office with that article you wrote on L Corp so we can go over some of the new changes before you publish it tomorrow! Thank you.

L Corp was closer to the DEO than Kara's apartment was by far. 'Okay. I can hold it. I'm Supergirl.' Kara thought to herself. And with that, she took off - landing half a block from L Corp's real entrance. She quickly changed to her proper Kara clothes - tighter blue jeans that she liked to show off in and her pink blouse and obnoxiously long tan overcoat, then proceeded to the entrance.

"Great. Security." Kara muttered to herself. She proceeded to the security desk, where she got eyeballed by the security guy. It was late on a Tuesday, so the building was pretty much dead.

"Hi, Kara Danvers here to meet Lena Luthor," Kara said to the security guy.

"I'll page her," he replied, hitting the pager button. "Miss Luthor, a Kara Danvers here to see you."

"Send her up," Lena replied.

###

Kara stood in the elevator, regretting her choice to not just rush home quickly to use the bathroom. She crossed her legs tightly, biting her lip. The elevator ride felt like years, but finally she hit Lena's floor, and to her surprise, Lena stood right in front of the elevator entrance. Kara immediately composed herself, surprised.

"L-Lena! It's so good to see you!" Kara said, nervously.

Lena took a minute to recognize that for once, Kara Danvers wasn't composed. That was odd to her. "Kara! So good to see you too," Lena replied, embracing Kara in a hug that felt almost a little too long.

"I brought the article on my cellphone, just let me take notes and I can edit the article at home and have it ready for first thing in the morning!" Kara said. She usually respected how hands on Lena was with the L Corp brand since Lex ruined it, but now was not one of those times.

"Sounds good," Lena smiled guiding Kara to her office. Lena sat on the white couch with a half empty glass of wine. "You got here so fast!" She said.

Kara eyed the full glass of wine Lena had poured Supergirl no less than a half hour ago that she never drank. "Well, I was in the neighborhood," Kara smiled, sitting next to Lena on the couch. "Did you.. have someone over?" Kara said, looking at the full glass.

"I actually just poured that for you! Please, indulge me," Lena said, smiling.

"I.. I really shouldn't, I have work in the morning a-and-" Before she could finish, Lena raised the full glass to Kara's mouth, forcing Kara to take a sip.

Kara shuttered, crossing her legs and feeling the waistband of her jeans over her tight Kryptonian bladder. The button would probably break if her bladder got any bigger.

"O-Okay! Well, here's the article," Kara replied, taking the glass and setting it down. She opened her phone, passing it to Lena who read over it with the eye of a hawk maybe three times or so. Lena began writing notes on a piece of paper while she studied. She looked up at Kara, who was biting her lip and crossing her legs.

"No need to be so nervous, Kara, you're a great writer! I just like to put some finishing touches on," Lena said to the visibly uncomfortable Kara.

Kara nodded, "S-Sorry, just a long day."

Lena smiled, as she continued on for about ten minutes or so asking Kara questions and writing notes about the L Corp article. Kara sat there, trying her absolute hardest to not pee her pants in front of Lena Luthor. She lightly rubbed her thighs, squeezed her thighs and crossed her legs while Lena read and wrote. Finally, Lena handed Kara her phone back. "That should do it!" Lena said, excited.

"Great, I'll get home and make sure everything is ready for the morning!" Kara said, standing in a hurry.

"But Kara, you've barely touched your wine!" Lena said, almost a little offended.

"I-I'm just not a big drinker," Kara replied holding her hands behind her back.

Lena stood, smiling at Kara. "Finish this glass with me, please?" Lena pleaded, giving her the absolute worst or best puppy dog eyes Kara had ever seen. Against everything in her body telling her no, Kara sat back down. "One glass?" Kara replied.

"One glass," Lena said back.

The two sat for ten minutes or so talking about their lives of recent while sipping Lena's expensive red wine, and finally Kara had finished hers.

"Lena, I really need to go now," Kara said, a little shaky in her voice.

"I guess I've tortured you with my boring business life for long enough," Lena said back, standing up. Kara stood slowly next to her, feeling something she had never done on this planet before. Kara just peed a bit in her panties. Her eyes widened as she quickly regained control, composing herself.

"N-No, Lena. You could never bore me," Kara smiled shakily as the two walked back to the elevator. Lena called the elevator for Kara.

"Are you leaving too?" Kara asked Lena, who had just put on her jacket.

"I think it's about time," Lena laughed.

Kara smiled, looking down at her jeans. 'Oh thank Rao. No wet spot.'

Finally, the elevator arrived and the two entered. Lena hit the first floor button as the doors closed and the elevator began to head down, but to Lena's surprise and Kara's absolute horror, a terrible grinding noise overcame the elevator, shaking and stopping the elevator. Kara lost her balance for a split second, feeling warmth run down the inside of her thigh for a split second. She immediately glanced down to see a small wet spot the size of a baseball on her tight blue jeans. She reacted immediately, covering it up with her tan jacket.

"Oh my God, Kara! I'm so sorry, these elevators are in desperate need of a service," Lena said in shock, not noticing the fact Kara Danvers had just slightly wet her pants.

"Oh, no..." Kara said, almost tears in her eyes from pain or humiliation - most likely both.

Lena looked at Kara, who could no longer help it - she was holding herself with both her hands, thighs pushed together.

"I-I'm so sorry, Lena.." Kara said. She couldn't even make eye contact with Lena as she held herself. Lena got closer to Kara, lightly hugging her and stroking her blonde hair.

"You can let it out, Kara," Lena whispered in her ear. Just the sound of that made Kara leak more.

"I.. I can't, please." Kara begged.

"I won't tell anyone, Kara." Lena replied as she kept stroking her hair. Tears welled up in Kara's eyes as she stood back from Lena and let go of her crotch, revealing the wet spot. Kara's face was a bright red that got redder as the wet spot started to grow down her thighs, to her knees and to her ankles, overflowing her shoes and puddling around her. Kara's tears turned to full on sobbing as she stood in her puddle, but she suddenly felt the warm embrace of Lena Luthor hugging her, getting her own tight dress wet in the process.

"Kara, it's okay."

Theee end!

*002*2020-03-27 00:03

{{8 hours ago, rfthawne said:

I'm always a big fan of your writing, and this was great as ever! Hopefully it gets to continue!

}}

Thank you! This made my day! Any other fandoms I should write for?

