A duo of desperate witches

Author: Midd

*000*2022-01-10 23:47

Hi all,

My return to writing after a long time off, hope you enjoy this story. It’s set in the universe of the Witcher games, based on a scene you can unlock when you attempt to have a threesome with the two main romantic leads, however with an interesting twist I’ll hope you’ll enjoy! Feedback is always welcome!

Anyway on with the stoy:

Drip, drip, drip…

The water clock in the at the inn steadily dripped water onto the plate, demonstrating, pointedly, the passage of time as the two women waited.

The first was a red headed woman, with an athletic figure, with ample cleavage and behind, clad only in a scanty pair of turquoise lingerie which jiggled as she paced the room, her hair scraped back into a pony tail tied with a similarly coloured ribbon.

The second was a raven haired. She also had an athletic build with a considerable bust and derrière, but with a more angular face, framed by her shoulder length hair with a black bralette and frilled panties to match her complexion. She sat staring out the window cross legged on the chair, goblet of wine in hand.

“Where is he?”

The Scarlet haired girl asked.

“I don’t know Triss.”

The Dark haired girl answered, shifting in her seat slightly to peer out of the window once more.

“We told him to meet us here at the kingfisher two hours ago, how could he have gotten lost Yen?”

Triss asked, adjusting her bra to recapture her breasts as she paced.

“I’m sure he was just waylaid by something, you know how he is.”

Yennefer replied, shifting in her chair again to get a better look at her companion, taking another sip of wine.

Triss Merigold was pacing.

Not overly unusual for her, Yen knew from past experience that she paced when she was anxious about something, like an upcoming examination. But Yen wasn’t sure what she was so anxious about this time, after all this was her idea to begin with.

When Yennefer had found out that her long time lover Geralt of Rivia, had been cheating on her with his on and off partner, and her friend, Triss Merigold without either of them knowing she contacted Triss to inform her they plotted their revenge. At Triss’ suggestion they approached Geralt and fooled him into believing that they wanted to spend a night of passion together, the three of them. They told him to meet them here at the kingfisher inn at 9PM where they would chain him up in bed and leave him there to be found, which involved waiting for him to arrive, something they had done by drinking wine, chatting and then waiting. Both had stripped to their undergarments, a long winded process which resulted in them not leaving the room since it was completed almost 3 hours ago, which could explain Triss’ pacing Yen suddenly realised.

Yennefer was feeling pretty uncomfortable herself. She hadn’t released her waters since that morning, not wanting to use the street due to her panties, she had been forced to hold her waters, normally not an issue, after all she was a court mate by training and expected to be able to be patient for hours through ceremonies and court meetings. But the two of them had consumed a rather large amount of wine during the afternoon which had made its way through her and was now starting to make urgent signals in her bladder, begging to be released. Yen glanced down and saw her abdomen jutting out slightly, her bladder having started to bulge due to the amount of liquid it was having to contain. A quick search of her friend’s form elicited a similar sign. A suspiciously large bulge just above the line of Triss’ panties. She also had to pee. And bad.

Triss was seriously regretting some of the decisions she made today. She had spent the previous night drinking, woken up late and barely had time to throw back on her clothes and rush to meet Yennefer at their rendezvous before they went to Geralt. From their they went straight to the tavern to reminisce and drink, a tavern which had no indoor privy.

After a long time of chatting and drinking, during which Triss forgot about her lack of bathrooms, she was suddenly assailed by a desperate urge from her bladder. Not wanting to end her conversation with her friend abruptly, Triss undid the top button of her tight leather pants, giving her bladder somewhere to expand. Unfortunately for her this caused Yen to notice and glance at the time, cursing as she realised they were both still dressed and Geralt was about to arrive. They hurriedly started to undress, Triss finishing quickly and about to search for the chamber pot when Yen called to her and begged her to help her with her dress. Not wanting to upset her friend she agreed, crossing her legs as she helped her unhook her friend from her clothes.

However that was nearly three hours ago, with Geralt being over two hours late. And Triss couldn’t find the chamber pot without letting onto Yen what she was doing. Something she would like to avoid until the last minute.

“He’s a Witcher how does he get lost!?”

Triss cried, stopping pacing to stare at a book, though Yen noticed she also crossed her legs tightly as she did so.

“As I said he probably got held up by something.”

Yen answered patiently, shifting around in her chair again. However she secretly wished Geralt would hurry up, her own need was becoming rather pressing.

“I do so wish he would hurry up.”

Triss huffed, turning on her heel and beginning to pace again, mincing her steps slightly as she walked in an effort to keep her legs pressed together.

“Any particular reason? I can’t wait to teach him a lesson either but surely there’s no rush?”

Said Yen, knowing that not to be true for either of them but wanting Triss to come out with her problem.

“Yes there damn well is a rush! I need to piss!”

Yelled Triss, before almost going as scarlet as her hair.

‘And finally she comes out with it!’

Thought Yen triumphantly.

“I see, I thought that might be the issue.”

Yen uttered, wincing in discomfort and shifting in her chair once more.

“I haven’t peed since last night and all that wine didn’t help and I’m about to burst and I can’t find the damn camber pot!”

Triss stammered, her words tumbling out of her like a waterfall, however any thought of a body of water made Yen shuffle in her chair.

“If it’s any consolation I am dying to do the same, but we can’t leave our room dressed like this, and if we did and Geralt showed up it would ruin the plan.”

Yen replied cooly, in a voice that betrayed no hint of her desperation.

“That’s why I’ve tried looking for a pot but there isn’t any in this damn room. Perverted innkeeper! He probably likes to watch women run out to the privy!”

Triss cursed, living up to her fiery hair in her temper.

“Sexual preferences of the innkeeper aside, we have no choice but to sit here and endure natures call until Geralt gets here and then scamper off to the privy afterwards.”

Yen said, wishing she could be in the privy right then, tugging her panties down and releasing her waters… no, she shouldn’t be thinking about such things, else there be a waterfall of her own in her underwear.

“I guess you’re right.”

Triss said, crossing her legs and placing her hands on her thighs for a second, desperately wanting to shove her hands into her crotch, but too shy to do so in front of her friend at the minute.

Fifteen minutes later and there was still no sign of Geralt and both girls were reaching their breaking points.

“God Yen, I can’t wait much longer, I’m about to wet my knickers!”

Triss said, finally placing her hands into her crotch.

“Me too Triss, me too, but I’m sure he will turn up in a minute, then we tie him down and can squat in the hall for all I care.”

Yen replied, standing up but as gravity hit her bladder, thrusting a hand into her crotch and bending at the waist.

It was at this point Triss felt the first drops of urine leak out of her tired lips and darken the crotch of her skimpy underwear. Triss tensed to prevent any more leaking out, but glanced at Yen with panic in her eyes.

“Yen it’s about to come out I can’t wait any longer, I’m gonna wet myself!”

Triss cried, her boobs threatening to spill out of her bra as she bounced up and down on the spot.

At the mention of water Yen lost a quick spurt into her underwear too, closing her eyes briefly to compose herself she looked up at Triss’ pleading eyes.

“So am I, so we have 2 choices. We either give up and try to make it to the privy and one of us wets ourselves as neither of us can wait , or I cast a temporary sealing spell on our womanhood’s which should allow us to last until we can deal with Geralt, but the urgency to go won’t go away, we just won’t be able to let it flow so to speak.”

Yen explained, feeling herself slowly leak into her panties a second time as she explained the mechanics of flow.

Triss wanted nothing more than to run to the privy and empty the ocean inside of her but she couldn’t think of making her friend wet herself, even in the state she was in. So with much trepidation she looked down and answered.

“Seal us up…”

She muttered in a small voice. Tensing as another leak dampened her panties.

Yen, needing no further encouragement quickly started chanting in the elder tongue. After about 10 seconds a stylised yellow padlock appeared on the front of both women’s underwear.

Both women shakily removed their hands from their crotches, still squirming from desperation but for the moment they didn’t need to physically hold the flood back.

“How king do we have?”

Triss asked shakily, one of her nipples showing as her boobs slowly escaped her bra as she bounced.

“About five minutes”

Yen announced.

“Just long enough to… Ah finally, the bastard!”

Yen yelled with glee as she spotted Geralt walking up the road with a bottle of wine.

The two woman anxiously waited as he climbed the stairs, frantically squirming around. However as Geralt entered the room they stopped being obvious in their need, shimmying their hips to subtly squirm but also give the unfortunate man a show of their amazing curves.

Geralt handed over a bottle of wine to Triss playfully shoving it into her, but unknowingly pressing on her bladder, she winced as she smiled turning away to bend over slightly, before pretzeling her legs as she poured two glasses full. She knew full well the only reason she hadn’t made a puddle was due to the spell holding her floodgates closed.

The two women worked quickly to strip Geralt, feeling the pressure in their crotches increase every second. As the finally got him naked they could feel the spell starting to waver. Yen and Triss clambered onto bed to tie Geralt down feeling their crotches starting to dampen as their control began to slip once more, but did their best to hide their urgency from Geralt, passing it off as lust, with the Witcher being too horny to care fell for in more ways than one .

Once they had tied him to the bed they picked up glasses of wine and clinked them together, inwardly screaming at the sloshing of liquid but outwardly acting as calm as ever. Triss even sipping as more pee escaped the opposite end, leaving a noticeable wet patch on her panties.

Once they’d sauntered out of the room the spell fluttered and died. Both women immediately grabbed themselves hard as they spurted into their underwear.

“I can’t make it Triss!”

Cried Yen with streams of urine starting to run down her shapely thighs.

“Me either Yen”

Said Triss sadly feeling pee hit the palm of her hand.

Both girls reluctantly moved their hands out of their sodden crotches and squatted, finally giving into their desperation and wetting themselves like little girls.

The two witches moaned in the pure pleasure of finally letting go something they had been urgently needing to do for so very long.

“Gods that feels like bliss!”

Yen moaned through clenched teeth.

“Yes- it does!”

Triss panted, glancing down at the massive puddle they were both making on the floorboards.

After a minute or two the girls streams died down and they were left there squatting in a puddle of their own making.

After a moment Yen stood up and pulled down her sodden panties, looking over to Triss with a smile.

“I don’t know about you but I need somewhere private to let off some steam after the relief of letting all that go, then I need a long bath!”

“I happen to agree.”

Said Triss as she copied Yen, before reaching out for her hand. As the two women, wearing only their bras, walked down the corridor hand in hand, dripping with pee.

As a Witcher complained from the room outside.

*002*2022-01-12 18:49

{{23 hours ago, wedgeantilles said:

Nice one!

I always love to read stuff from the Witcher universe, thank you :)

}}

You're most welcome! If I find another situation where omo fits then I'll write another!

