Red flag, Yellow streams: The Soviet Republic of Pisuaria. - Omorashi & peeing fiction - OmoOrg-streams-the-soviet-republic-of-pisuaria/

Author: Ms. Tito

*000*2020-03-03 21:33

(Welp guess who decided to write their own story. Yep. Me. This is definitely not gonna turn out badly. Anyway, here's a little backstory stuff before the actual story begins. So enjoy my half-assed attempt at a story and my google translated mess.)

For 69 years, The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics endured. When the Soviet Union was dissolved in 1991, it was broken up into fifteen independent nations: Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia, Moldova, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, and the largest of the former republics, Russia. There was, however an unofficial sixteenth republic, a tiny island off the coast of Kaliningrad, in the Baltic sea. It was known as Pisuaria, and it was quite a peculiar little place. It is one of the only, if not the only country in the world, where sexuality is not only celebrated, but urination as well. Their culture of what some people describe as "Omorashi" dates back nearly 700 years.

The Bolshevik revolution of 1917, all of the old laws regarding sexuality were overturned, ending the old Tsarist order. However this did not last long, as Josef Stalin would recriminalize homosexuality in 1933. Pisuaria, which kept homosexuality legal in defiance of Stalin's law, was left alone, since they were so small and insignificant, not to mention reclusive. Even after the fall of the Red Titan at the end of the 20th century, the Soviet spirit still lives on in Pisuariya. Led by their Premier Yuri Nariya, the Pisuarian people enjoy a life of lewdness.

CHAPTER 1: Alice

Alice had only heard rumors about the mysterious island. People who probably have never set foot in Pisuaria make up tales of men and women not using public toilets out of fear of retribution from their ruthless dictator. Others give more of a positive view on it, telling about a dreamland where you can walk around nude in broad daylight, marry whoever you want (or however many people you want), and pee wherever your heart, or bladder, desires.

Alice decided that she would find out herself what Pisuarian life really was like. It was a long trip, 10 hours on a plane from New York to Kaliningrad, and an additional hour and a half from the Kaliningrad harbor to the coast of Pisuaria, but she finally made it. However, she regrets accepting the complimentary large soda the Pisuarian ferry gave all of the passengers for some reason. She couldn't fathom why, but she didn't care right now. Right now, her bladder cried out for relief. Signs in Russian and Lithuanian greet the passengers coming off the docks,

"Добро пожаловать в Советскую Социалистическую Республику Писуария!"

"Sveiki atvykę į Tarybų Socialistinę Respubliką Pisuariya!"

"Welcome to the Soviet Socialist Republic of Pisuaria," they all said. Alice steps off the boat and heads to customs, where she will soon be admitted into the land of secrets. A male customs guard, looks to be in his late 20s, stops Alice and asks for her passport. Hopping from one foot to the other, she obliges, desperate to find a bathroom. It takes them a few minutes to check her passport, but she couldn't wait a few more seconds. "Excuse me, sir," she asked, "Do you mind hurrying it up? I really need to use the restroom!" The guard looks at another guard and then chuckles. "Bathroom? Sure. There's one over there, and there, hell, the whole COUNTRY is a bathroom!" The guard seemed amuse by his little joke, Alice however was not.

"I'm not joking, I'm about to pee myself. Please, I'm begging you, point me to a restroom!" The guard tells his coworker to stay there and finish checking her passport, and he escorts Alice to the bathroom. Then suddenly the strangest thing happened. Alice noticed that he was following her into the bathroom. "Uh, thank you, I can find my way from here." The guard replies, "I'm sure you can, but to be quite honest, I need to piss too." Alice concedes, hoping to just get it over with. She rushes into a vacant stall and shuts the door behind her. She pulls down her panties, lifts her skirt, and sits down on the toilet before letting out a forceful gush of piss.

Alice lets out a moan of relief that could most definitely be heard by the guard, but she didn't care. She was in heaven right now. She peed for what felt like an eternity before she finished. As she wiped herself dry and pulled up her panties, she exited the stall to see a sight that no one would have believed if she told them. The guard was standing in front of the sink, his penis in hand, letting out a golden stream into the sink. Alice asks the man "What are you doing?!" He replies "I'm relieving myself. What does it look like?"

"In the SINK???"

"Oh, come on, it drains to the same place those toilets do," he says. "You know," he adds, "we Pisuarians are an open minded people, not like the rest of the world." He finishes pissing and zips up, "You'll find our way of life much more...liberating." Alice pondered for a moment, could it really be that the people here don't use public restrooms that often because they don't have the same stigma around public urination as other countries do? She had so many questions, but she decided to ask the most important one at the moment, "I forgot to ask, what is your name?" The man replies "Dimitri, pleased to meet you, eh..."

"Alice," she says, "Pleased to meet you too, Dimitri." And that was the moment Alice knew she was in for an interesting trip.

$$

*002*2020-03-04 01:02

{{

10 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story so far

}}

Wait really? You mean my writing *isn't* as garbage as I thought?

*003*2020-03-04 01:35

Oh I forgot to mention in my intro that this story is heavily inspired by some of my favorite stories (which are probably better than mine) on peefans.com, Welcome to Kaymala

and A Paradise called Lavatria

. Pisuaria is basically like the other two except Soviet themed. Since Kaymala and Lavatria are derived from words for "toilet" ("Kaymala" is Finnish for "bathroom") I decided to name this country "Pisuaria" (from many Slavic/Eastern European words for "urinal")

*004*2020-03-04 01:52

{{

4 hours ago, Ms. Tito said:

When the Soviet Union was dissolved in 1991, it was broken up into fifteen independent nations: Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan, Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Georgia, Moldova, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Belarus, Ukraine, and the largest of the former republics, Russia.

}}

Fuck me I should not be allowed near keyboards ever again.

*005*2020-03-04 21:02

(I hope y'all like the story so far. All 1 of you, anyway. I'm gonna do chapters from perspectives of new characters soon, but Alice is definitely gonna be a recurring characters. Anyway here's part 2 enjoy.)

CHAPTER 2: Alice

After Alice finally got through customs, she headed toward the bus station. As she looked around while waiting for the bus, she noticed a lack of women's restrooms. Or men's restrooms. There were just a few rooms labeled "restrooms." All bathrooms in the country have been made gender-neutral starting in 2003 due to increased understanding and recognition of people who fall outside the traditional gender binary. Before that, non-binary people could choose to use either men's or women's rooms. But Alice noticed something even stranger. Despite it being the middle of June, and people drinking so much to cool off, people rarely entered or exited the restrooms. One man sitting on a bench beside her was stroking his cock while watching porn on his phone. In any other country, the police would have arrested him for public indecency, but the Militsiya officers standing nearby did nothing, almost as if they didn't care. "What is with these people," Alice thought to herself.

Finally, her bus arrived, and she got on. The man who was sitting beside her got on the bus as well, without zipping his fly back up. The bus would take her to the main city, where her apartment awaited her. As the bus drove through the country, a tour guide around Alice's age engaged riders who have just gotten off the boat with the sights of the beautiful island country. The guide seemed to be squirming, almost like she was uncomfortable. She then took a bucket from inside the Driver's cabin, faced The front wall, and lifted her skirt as she began to pee in the makeshift toilet.

While she did, she still continued giving the tour, as if nothing was currently happening. The man from the bus stop was still watching porn on his phone, jacking off as if he was in the privacy of his own home, before finally reaching orgasm and putting his dick back inside his pants. Alice looked toward the back of the bus. She saw a woman sitting near the back row let out a little sigh of relief, and then a puddle pooling out from under her. Alice couldn't believe her eyes, the lady was peeing herself! This place was getting stranger and stranger by the minute.

The tour lasted for 30 more minutes until they reached the main city. Alice got off the bus along with everybody else. She saw the woman who wet herself earlier, the bottom of her pants still stained from the wetness. The woman was walking away, back to her home presumably. "Excuse me, miss?" Alice asks, chasing after her, "Why did you wet yourself on the bus? You could have used the toilet back at the ferry, but you didn't. Why?" The woman turned around and saw Alice. "Why? Because I had to pee. So I did."

Alice shook her head in confusion. "I'm sorry, I'm new to this place. Back in America, people would always say that people are too scared to use public restrooms here because of the communist dictator that rules with an iron fist, or something."

She replied, in a thick Russian accent, "Dictator? You mean comrade Yuri Naria? She's not so bad. And by the way, we are allowed to use public restrooms here. But there was no way I would have made it in time, so I just used my pants. I can always change. Besides, I heard some cities in your United States doesn't even have public bathrooms for women! How can you call our country authoritarian when your so-called 'Land of the Free' in some cities forces women to hold until they get home? Doesn't sound very free to me. Here, in Pisuaria, we have the right to relieve ourselves where we wish, and however we wish. Now, I really must be going." She turned and walked away, to change into cleaner clothes - or perhaps her birthday suit.

Alice then realized that this what what Dimitri meant back at the ferry terminal. The Pisuarian people are much more open-minded about sex and urination than the rest of the world. Alice walked to her apartment, wondering about what tomorrow would bring.

*007*2020-03-04 22:08

{{

1 minute ago, Melificentfan said:

Another fantasmic chapter

}}

Thanks!

*010*2020-03-06 21:01

{{

17 hours ago, wetwulf7 said:

Great story so far @Ms. Tito

. I do hope you continue.

}}

Thank you! I am writing chapter 3 currently.

*011*2020-03-06 23:40

(Here it is, Chapter 3! It's longer than the past two, and it focuses on a different character this time. Don't worry, Alice will be back in the future. I hope you like this.)

CHAPTER 3: Lyudmila

"Lyudmila, wake up, or we'll miss breakfast!"

Lyudmila woke up, groggy from sleep. As she opened her eyes, she was greeted by Lana's breasts. Lyudmila and Lana have been dating for almost a year now. Tonight, they were going to see a concert by an all-girl punk band, called f.U.T.a. "Alright, give me a minute, let me get dressed," Lyudmila slurred. "Ah, дебил, you forget what country you're in? We don't need clothes!" Amused by her lover's retort, she laughed and said "I suppose, though I do need a wee."

"Fine, but make it quick. I'm going to go water my plant," Lana replied as she stood in front of their potted tree in a corner of their room and peed into it, spreading her lips as she did.

Lyudmila got out of bed, completely naked just like her girlfriend. She certainly had well-developed breasts, but what stood out was how well-endowed she was downstairs. Lyudmila was transgender, born male and transitioning to female. Trans people were treated much better in Pisuaria than other parts of the world, even having free medical transition if they so choose. She could have surgeons change her genitals if she wished, but she was content with her penis. What annoyed her, however, was the morning wood that plagued her every dawn, making it difficult to aim when she needs to pee. Lyudmila walked out to the balcony of their apartment.

It was 8:43 in the morning, and most people are usually up by that time aside from younger people who spend their nights partying and having sex. She stood at the edge of the balcony, poking her hard penis through the fence poles. She held her penis and began to pee off the balcony, as per her usual morning ritual. She loved doing this, having her morning pee on the balcony, completely naked for the whole neighborhood to see. So much so that she was almost sad when it ended, she wanted to touch herself then and there, and her erection was asking to be satisfied.

Lyudmila then heard her lover yell "Hurry up, no time for jerking off! I am hungry!"

"Coming, Lana!" She responded, quickly throwing on a skirt and ladies' boxer briefs before running out the door to catch up with her lover.

The food court out behind the apartments were busy with people hungry for their morning meal. On the wall above the exit to the food court, there was a portrait of their very attractive Premier, Yuri Naria. All public buildings must have at least one portrait of her, but not because the law says so - in reality, these portraits are simply a must-have, especially due to the lewd nature of many of them! Pancakes, bacon, omlettes, and syrniki were the regular menu, with a drink choice of juice, water, milk, or pee, a favorite beverage of Pisuarians (It's always fresh from the tap). It was always common for people to come to the food court sometimes completely naked, not even bothering to take the time to get dressed.

The only reason Lyudmila is wearing underwear or a skirt is to conceal her boner. As they got in line to order their food, they ordered their drinks. Lana ordered pee, however Lyudmila made a more reserved choice and ordered juice. It was common for people to watch bartenders and such pour them a glass of piss straight from their genitalia, so the couple got to see the whole process. A young man, who looked like he was about to burst, pulled down his pants in front of them, showing off his pussy. He was trans, just like Lyudmila, but transitioning to male instead of female. He then held a glass up to his crotch and started pissing into it, letting out a little moan as he did. When the glass was almost full, he cut off his stream and pulled his pants back up, waiting for the next customer.

The lesbian lovers sat down at their table, enjoying their breakfast. "He looked handsome," Lyudmila commented about the fountain boy. "I know! I see him a lot around here, actually," Lana said. "I think his nametag said 'Dominykas.' I actually ran into him in the bathroom once! I had to pee so I ran in, and I see him standing at a urinal, peeing into it with his pants all the way down to his ankles! Did you know he always pees like that?"

"Really? That's hot!" Lyudmila exclaimed. "Not only that, I heard he doesn't even wear underwear," Lana teased her girlfriend. "Stop it, Lana, you're making it really hard for me not to whip it out and start fapping right here and now!" Lyudmila whined, to which her significant other said "Come on, you should know better than to do that in a place where people eat. You'll have a chance to have fun later." Lana said as she winked at the lady sitting across from her. They laughed, and continued to enjoy their meals.

Later on, they decided to head out into town and see a movie. They had plenty of time to kill before the concert that is going to be playing tonight. Lana went back home and put on a pair of jeans before going out, though she left her panties in their room. She was feeling like going commando today. Pisuarians are not required to wear any clothing in public, but during the winter months they are much more covered than during the summer, when one often sees people wearing a shirt and nothing else, maybe underwear, or pants and no top, sometimes even completely nude save for socks and shoes. Lyudmila, however, didn't want to take any chances, as walking around in just a skirt, or nothing at all, would arouse her and make it harder not to play with herself in public.

She was a bit more shy when it came to masturbation, but sometimes the urge becomes too great and she must duck behind a dumpster in an alleyway, dodge out of people's views into some trees, or hide in a bathroom stall and rub one out. Pisuarians have no shame about pleasuring themselves in front of others, and there's no law stopping them from it, but Lyudmila was still bashful nonetheless. They hopped on the tram and rode downtown, where the movie theater awaited them. The girls saw posters for movies that are playing, some Pisuarian, some foreign. The theaters in Pisuaria even show American movies with Russian and Lithuanian subtitles. Today, they were going to see Spider-Man: Far From Home. "Two tickets for Spider-Man, please" Lana asked the box-office attendant, and she bought two tickets for 20 Pisuarian rubles. Lana and Lyudmila went inside, ordered their food and drinks, and found their seats just in time for the movie to begin.

Lana and Lyudmila devoured their popcorn and gulped down their large sodas they About 3/4ths into the movie, Lyudmila begins squirming in her seat. "What's wrong?" Lana asks. "I really have to pee, but I don't wanna miss the movie," Lyudmila whispers. Lana tells her, "Just go in your cup, then." Lyudmila is skeptical, she doesn't want to be rude and make noise. "I'll just hold it, the movie's almost over." Her and Lana keep watching the movie, and the ending is getting much closer, however Lyudmila is struggling to hold it. Suddenly, she lets out a spurt in her panties, and says "I can't hold it much longer!"

Lana whispers to her "Cmon, go in the cup. People won't mind, and the movie is basically over." Without a second thought Lyudmila kneels on the flood in front of her seat. She pulls out her cock through the fly in her briefs and pisses a forceful stream into her cup. "Ohhhh this feels so good!~" She moaned, but realized that people could hear her and kept her mouth shut after that. After just a little under a minute, she finishes peeing and the cup is almost overflowing. "Feel better?" Lana asks, to which Lyudmila nods "mhm." She puts the cover back on her cup and carries it out of the theater, with her girlfriend following her. Hopefully, Lyudmila could make it until after the concert before releasing all of the built up libido inside her, but it will certainly be a challenge for someone with as high a sex drive as her.

*014*2020-03-09 18:58

{{

On 3/8/2020 at 12:11 AM, wether said:

It should be quite close to Poland. Maybe I'll visit this place some day

}}

Lol, I wish it was real!

*015*2020-03-09 20:05

help https://www.strawpoll.me/19509878

*016*2020-03-10 21:46

(Since Alice won the poll, I did a chapter on her. I decided to include Dom as well, and had him teach her to pee standing. Here you go.)

CHAPTER 4: Alice

As the sun was shining, people were enjoying the beautiful day at Bulganin park. People often sunbathed nude, peeing in the grass whenever the urge hit them. A group of girls squatting in a circle, chatting as they peed. Alice was still skeptical about being naked in front of so many people, but Pisuarians didn't care in the slightest who saw them. Alice wandered around the park, she wanted to find a nice place to sit and read her book. She found a bench near a river, a nice place to relax. She sat down and began to read her book.

@@Some time passed and Alice felt a pang in her bladder. The coffee she had this morning finally hit her, and she really needed to pee. She was quite a walk away from the bathrooms, however, and she doesn't think she'll make it. One guy walked up to a trash can next to her bench, and took out his penis before peeing into it. Seeing as Alice doesn't have one of those, she ruled that option out. Suddenly, Alice saw something. Two trans girls, one redhead and one blonde, were peeing into the river in front of her, and that gave her an idea. As the two girls finished peeing, Alice ran over to the bank of the river, she pulled her pants and underwear down and got into a low squat. She waited, and waited, and waited...but nothing was coming out. She completely froze up with shyness. "C'mon, please pee, I don't want to walk to a bathroom and wet myself," she thought to herself. At that moment, a man walked up next to her and she looked up at him. To her surprise, he dropped his pants to his ankles, and Alice saw that the man didn't have a penis. He had a vagina, just like Alice. The man pulled his labia apart and began to pee into the river. The trans girls looked at him, blushing and waving. "Hey, handsome~" The blonde said, as the other girl stroked her cock while watching him pee. "Hey" The man replied, and the girls giggled. As he finished peeing, the blond gave him her number, and the redhead let out a moan before shooting her cum into the river. Both girls zipped up and went back to playing football with their friends.

Alice was confused, yet curious. She asked him "Uh, sir, how did you--" but before she could finish, she started peeing like a water fountain. "Ah- F-fuuuuuck~" She moaned in relief. The man pulled up his pants, and was about to ask her what she was saying. Someone then shouted out the man's name, but Alice didn't quite catch it. All she heard was something that began with a 'D.' She still wasn't done peeing, and the man walked away to catch up with his friends. Alice cried out, but he was already gone "Wait! I didn't catch your name! I-- Aaaaaand he's gone....great." She finished peeing and pulled up her panties. Alice made a resolution. "One way or another," she muttered, "I WILL learn how to pee standing like that guy."

@@Later that day, Alice continued to read her book, and it was just reaching the climax when she saw out of the corner of her eye the man from earlier. She had to pee again, after drinking some water. "Hey! You!" she called out to him, and the man turned his head toward her. "Are you the man that was peeing in the river with me earlier?" He replied, "That's me, why?" Alice was smiling, she would finally be able to realize every girl's dream of peeing like their older brothers, if they had brothers anyway. "I just want to know, how did you stand to pee back there?? I never knew people with vaginas could do that! Also my name is Alice, I didn't quite get yours by the way." The man pondered for a moment, and said "Maybe I could teach you, if you'd like. And the name is Dominykas." That was all Alice needed to hear. He led her to a forest in the park, and she stood in front of a tree. "Now, all you need to do is take your pants and underwear off, spread your pussy with your fingers, lean a bit forward, and pee." Dominykas told her. Alice did what he said, and she waited. "Give me a second, I'm new to this." She waited, and waited for a minute, until she finally heard the faint sound of water hitting grass. She looked down and smiled, she was standing to pee like Dominykas! "I'm doing it! I can't believe I'm doing it!" She laughed, and soon she finished peeing. Alice pulled up her pants and said "Thank you, Dominykas. I'm so glad I did this!" He replied "No problem, Alice." They parted ways, but not before they exchanged numbers. Alice certainly hoped to see him again.

*018*2020-03-16 01:43

$iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="270" width="480" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/O9pxQgCXzzk?feature=oembed"

$iframe allowfullscreen="" frameborder="0" height="270" width="480" data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1wZg0chf4CQ?feature=oembed" Long live the Soviet Socialist Republic of Pisuaria (PSSR) and glorious leader Yuri Naria, protector of this last bastion of Socialism in Europe, and sexy mommy domme to all the working people! May her golden rays bless us all.

*020*2020-03-18 17:31

{{

2 hours ago, OPencil said:

The intersection of two topics I love reading about! This is a fantastic story

}}

Thank you! And which topics are those?

*021*2020-03-20 02:04

Sorry I haven't uploaded a chapter in a while, this coronavirus crisis is hitting hard, and I just haven't felt motivated to write anything recently. But don't fret! I am not ending this story anytime soon. I just need some time for the inspiration to come back to me. I also personally feel I haven't been doing much of a good job conveying the more Soviet aspects of Pisuaria and focus way too much on the peeing aspects, but I doubt you all really mind. Let me know if I should do anything differently.

~ Ms. Tito

*023*2020-03-23 20:26

{{

6 hours ago, Muchy said:

These chapters are amazing omg! I'm so happy I found you and them. I never knew stories like these existed! Are you the first to do this? Anyways, good luck and best health to you during the virus outbreak!

}}

I'm the first to do this on Omorashi.org. There are actually a few srories I took inspiration from on OmoOrg's sister site, Peefans.com.

Here are the links if you wanna check them out.

https://peefans.com/topic/7653-a-paradise-called-lavatria/

https://peefans.com/topic/8758-welcome-to-kaymala/

*024*2020-03-24 04:48

Update: I'm working on Chapter 5 currently! I am making it a bit longer than usual. Also, I am finally writing this story's first sex scene! Stay tuned (or followed, or just stay.)

$$

