A Proper Lady [Downton Abbey]

Author: Miss Levinson

*000*2017-06-03 12:51

Well, hi!

For months I've searched for an omo fiction about this show but without success, also my fav ship is Cora/Robert (Cora is my absolute fav character) which means it's even harder. Soooo I thought "the hell, I'm doing it."

I saw there's a lot of topics about the Victorian Era and since my story is set in 1890 ca I read some of them.. which are mostly about the middle class or lower ones; Downton Abbey, of course, revolves around the higher classes, being Cora and Robert a Countess and an earl (I can hardly imagine one of the "Upstairs" squatting down to pee in the middle of the gardens, so to speak), so I thought I'd give my take on the following events.

That said, it's fiction so everything that's wrong according to the period, please note that is for narrative purposes. Also, I'm not a native but I like this language very much, every grammatic error or spelling mistake is mine. Don't roast me on that.. not much! Eheh, I'll try my best.

Oh, yes, it's multichapter. So if you like this, please let me know and I'll post more as soon as I can ;)

A Proper Lady

Fandom: Downton Abbey

Characters: Cora, Robert, Violet

Setting: pre-serie (around 1890)

Warning for this chapter: none (desperation)

Chapter 1: Tea Party

It was her first tea party as a married woman and Cora couldn't have been more excited. Since she married Robert Crawley, in February, everyone started to look her in a different way: not the American Princess with a lot of money anymore, but a simple woman that earned her right to be in the strict English society.

And since a baron, friend of the family, who recently got married himself, had planned to organize a tea party for May, every important family of the Yorkshire had devoted months to buy the finest frocks, jewels for the lady and carved canes for the lords to win an unannounced competition for the best look during the opening party for the summer.

Because looks were everything. Cora knew that very well and had to keep that in mind this time particularly, since it was her first time as Countess, as Robert's wife, Violet's daughter-in-law. It was like her society debut all over again, except this time there wouldn't be just one king whose eyes were keen on inspect her for thirty second top, no, there would have been hundreds of kings and queens, much more critical and attentive, ready to judge her at her first tiny mistake, and for hours. Violet had dedicated her entire time for weeks to instruct the girl on that particular day, so she could not misbehave and make her son's terrible choice of wife at least look decent.

Cora could sense Violet's close eyes on each breath she took, judging harshly – silently, with stern glances – the way she talked, the way she forced her laugh whenever a silly bachelor teased her about her birth country, the way she walked among other much more elegant, in Violet's eye, English girls her age, even the way she sipped her tea. Cora felt it all.

And of course, it was a damper on her entire mood.

Her excitement, also, had dropped considerably since her expectations hadn't exactly turned up as she'd imagined. Yes, girls and boys were more open with her, they sometimes talked to her, but basically, she just felt the outcast of the group.

Robert couldn't help, she couldn’t blame him. He had to stay with his male friends, just like the code imposed; as for her, she was supposed to hang around other young countesses or baronesses or duchesses around her age, but she felt like they all snobbed her.. without even bother to hide their intentions with much effort at all!

Cora hated it all, but she had to admit that when Violet said that everyone looked at her with a different eye, she was right. They hadn't stopped their teasing, but they had indeed stopped looking down on her and if they did, their envy was quite blatant.. Violet told her that she should've felt proud at least for that, or look like she was.

Even if she didn't feel she belonged there, she had to act like it for Robert and yes, after all, there was room for improvement, she could see that. It was her chance to start with the right foot and within a couple of years, maybe, she would have blended in with the others snobs and aristocrat.

She could do it.

That party was her baptism. She must have been impeccable.

And being impeccable also included never ask where the loo was, right in the middle of a conversation about Paris.

Cora pretended to listen to the mistress of the house as she babbled about her honeymoon in the city of love, nodding when she saw the other nodding, sipping the smallest amount of tea once in a while not to look weird being the only one not drinking tea during a tea party.

Each girl around her gulped down cup after cup in the most gracious ways all the while biting on biscuits and chatting on every silly subject.

Cora had troubles finish her first one.

Not that she didn't like the mix of special of tea leaves, of course, but currently she was cursing herself for that cup of tea during her breakfast in the Abbey, that glass of water she took right before the meal and all the wine that Robert offered her to taste. No, actually she was cursing herself for having skipped a loo stop right before leaving for the tea party. But the thought, back then, just had slipped her mind: she'd been too excited and impatient.. for nothing. And now she was in trouble.

Her need had made itself known right after their arrival, few hours before when she stepped out of the carriage and gravity took over her bladder.

She'd been able to ignore that bothering sensation quite well, distracting herself with talking and strolling in the gardens whenever someone suggested something, but she couldn't have avoided that three or four toasts in honor of the newlywed and consequently she had to drink three or four flutes of champagne accordingly. She'd stopped counting, by then. And right now it was five o'clock, so she just had to enjoy a good cup of hot steaming tea.

Cora wasn't enjoying it at all.

She'd considered asking someone where the loo was, but to whom? And then, she was just too shy to ask in front of everyone, since girls apparently lived as a group rather than individuals and men, well, they were out of questions. Violet couldn’t be bothered or course and then.. would it be appropriate in the first place? How come a problem like that had never come up during their “lessons”? Yes, back at home she could go visit the bathroom whenever she pleased but still, none of them had thought of that natural inconvenience? Why everyone else seemed so calm? Was she the only human needing to pee in there? Impossible, seen the amount of liquids everyone had gulped down since they first arrived.

Cora shut her eyes and took a sharp, small, breath. Eight hours. Eight hours since she woke up at nine, that day, eight hours since she'd relieved herself, eight hours she'd been holding and waiting to do that again. Eight hours.

She couldn't think of that.

“You don't like your tea, dear?”

“What?”

Cora shot her eyes open, blushing when she noticed that the small group of four people was staring right at her. Not much people, but still four, judging, a few years older wives like her.

“You can tell me,” the Baroness continued with a fake smile “if the mix is too much for you.”

Cora smiled back, hating that she implied that her American taste wasn't sophisticated enough. She knew each zinger too well, by now.

“No, it's delicious.” she replied, rotating her cup with a graceful gesture of her wrist. She was pretending to mix the colored liquid when actually she was just considering the amount she had to drink.

She mirrored the other woman when she took a sip and did the same, with the only difference of gulping her half-cup down in one go. Maybe it had been a mistake. It hadn't been that graceful and light giggles had started to spread.

Well, at least she had finished her cup.

“Another one?”

This time, Cora was sure that the Baroness had smirked. Maybe she knew? Impossible.

“Thank you.” she politely smiled at the footman refilling her cup, immediately sipping some to prove.. well, something to the Baroness. It seemed to work, because the conversation went on and everybody unfocused their attention from her.

The pressure in her lower stomach started to bother her more than it should have. And still she had a couple of hours before the party would be over, a carriage ride to survive until the Abbey and then, oh sweet heaven, she should've changed for dinner, meaning she could visit her bathroom without problems at all. The only question was if she would have make it.

But then again she'd been holding for hours and her need had just started to bother her considerably, what were two more abundant hours?

Cora sipped again from her cup, crossing her ankles so she could press harder her thighs together. That seemed to help. Because a proper Lady would never cross her legs, even if that was what she wanted to do, badly.

She fidgeted a little on the spot, shifting on the edge of the stuffed chair she was sitting – alone, fortunately – creating a light friction against the aching area with her clothes. It helped too and all when unnoticed.

Being the outcast had its advantages.

From that moment on, she focused herself on crossing and uncrossing her ankles, changing position on her chair every now and then, trying so hard to distract her brain from her need and focus on the conversation. It did lack of interesting subjects, so that too was a challenge for her as well.

By the time she'd finished her second cup, her nails unwillingly dug into the arm of the chair. She relaxed her hand before anyone could notice, but it was clear to her that she would have never make it through the party without humiliating herself and ridicule the entire family.

A countess, in her twenties, that peed herself in the middle of a party, in front of everyone. She would have been the laughingstock of the English society for generations. And Robert? She couldn't do that to Robert!

All because she'd refused to ask where the bathroom was? She refused to be that shy. The embarrassment for that question would have easily faded, but the embarrassment of losing control of her own body in front of the Yorkshire? Never.

“Are you all right, Cora?” The Baroness asked with a smirk. That sadistic woman almost seemed to enjoy her discomfort, even if she didn't know the source of it. No, Cora was sure she was enjoying it and the other ladies too. How mean.

“Yes.” She lied. Her voice cracked a little and she felt hot blood rushing to her cheeks. Cora tried to dissimulate with a smile. “I just need some air, it's a little too warm in here.” of course no one would offer to accompany her. But Cora was happy it happened, this time. She would have searched for a maid and ask for her help or at least where the toilet was; that wasn't forbidden, was it?

“You're right. We'll take a stroll with the men, later, before the farewells.” The Baroness informed, unimpressed by her sudden departure “You'll join?”

“Of course.” Cora nodded with a grateful smile “If you'll excuse me.”

She waited for the Baroness to give her permission to leave – which took a while – and then she stood up.

Cora was happy that no one was watching her, because it was blatant that something was wrong with her. As soon as her body left the support of the chair and the safety of a sitting position, she realized how heavy her bladder actually was. It felt like a brick stuck inside of her. A liquid brick. Moving down.

She shot her eyes open for a while, fearing the worst.

Cora didn't bother to check if everything was fine, if she could walk trusting her muscles, she just bolted away, trying to ignore the surprised giggles fading behind her, whispering wanders and suppositions. Luckily – or not – the few she heard were wrong.

She was walking quickly, her back stiff, both loving and hating the corset for supporting her back and pushing mercilessly against her full bladder. Without it she would walk doubled-over, making quite obvious her embarrassing need, yet her stomach would have had much more room to expand. What a blessed curse.

Cora didn't remember that house being so big when she arrived, almost nine hours before. Also, not that crowded. And yet it was, bursting with people just as she was bursting for an entirely different thing. There were people at every corner: men chatting, ladies laughing, footmen preparing trays of appetizers and glasses full of every liquor and champagne imaginable.

Seeing all that light yellow liquid bubbling sent a sharp stab in her belly and she almost lost control. It was too much and she was starting to feel tired.. her muscles felt tired. She just wanted to let go. Of course, she couldn't.

She just needed to find someone, anyone she could ask where the bathroom was. Was she asking for the moon?

She slipped into a corridor, almost running past groups of people too caught up with their conversations to notice her and she ended up into a hall, as well full of people. All those footmen and no maids? Not even one?

Her eyes darted in all directions, frantically. It was then when she didn't notice a child's play of chasing and a little girl stumbled on her, laughing and offering her excuses. That midget demon was running with her arms in front of her and like a battering ram, she'd pushed her little hands on her stomach. The corset absorbed most of the impact, but the sudden constriction had been very bad for her weak and over-strained bladder. It was really too much.

Cora gasped loud – although the chattering covered her sound – and she felt a hot damp work through her undergarments. She hurriedly crossed her legs while standing, relieved that her crème dress covered her bottom half of her body, closing both of her hands in tight fists, restraining her own body from the mad need of grabbing herself to prevent a much more problematic leaking.

She fought hard to regain control without any other help, but when the muscles tighten again enough, she decided it was time to find that damned maid. Quickly. No excuses.

She decided to go into an adjacent room and then in the next one and a corridor and another room. That house was immense and everywhere, there were people.

Cora started to see blurred. Her eyes had started to leak as well. She felt desperate physically and emotionally and there was no one she could go to.

She turned a corner and then another one, until she found the smallest passage between two rooms. It was a bit dusty there and she supposed no one used that passage since it was right next to a much more beautiful and wide corridor.

Still no one. She was alone.

She was alone! Cora gasped again, shoving her gloved hand between her legs, pressing hard against her womanhood through all that layers of clothing. She buckled her hips softly, dancing on one foot as she gently moaned in relief from that little help. She considered staying there a couple of seconds to regain complete control, but she knew she couldn’t wait long.

She swallowed, massaging herself to better the relieve and she leaned against the wall, breathing hard.

One, two, three. She counted, closing her eyes to prepare herself for another mad searching. She peeled slowly from the wall, but made only one step before the scare almost made her leak again.. and worse. She couldn't help her doubling over her hand, her heart hammering inside her chest.

“Cora, what are you doing?” Violet was staring at her with a disapproving face.

“I- I.” She stuttered, trying so hard to straighten her back. She did after a few attempts and quickly she removed her hand too.

“Running away like that.” The older woman clicked her tongue “I've been observing you.”

That was no surprise. And frankly, Cora was kinda happy she had been. Because now Violet would have helped her. She would, right?

“I.. I need-” Cora bit her lip, pressing hard her thighs together.

“I know. I watched your pitiful dance.” She sighed in dismay pursing her lips as she took a good look at the girl. Cora was fidgeting on the spot, shaking, shifting her weight from a foot to another.

“I was about to find someone,” Cora spoke low, careful to control every other part of the body as she concentrate on talking “to ask where-”

“Never!” Violet yelled in a stern whisper, canceling the distance between them with a wide step “Never do that.” she repeated, kinder now. “A proper Lady should never ask for the toilet when she's in public.”

For how much absurd it sounded, Cora could see that. After all, they were supposed to be beautiful doll to expose, faint at the view of blood and of course not proving to the world that they were human being too, so body functions were a big nono in every area.

“What can I do?” Cora almost shirked “I really need to-”

“I can see that.” Violet sighed matter-of-factly “But I told you, that's not how a proper lady behaves.” there was something in her ice-blue eyes that scared the girl.

“What?” Cora's eyes widen at her words and her bladder twitched with a painful spasm. She had no choice but to grab herself for a moment before she decided it was safe to let go. “What do you mean-?”

“That's not how I taught you, Cora.” Violet asserted “Didn't I told you to use the loo every time before leaving?” there was a wicked smile forming on her woman's lips “I knew this would happen.”

“I forgot.” Cora felt her cheeks blushing even more.

“You forgot?” Violet let out a hint of chuckle “Well, that's your punishment for not listening to me, thinking you know better.” she paused, watching as Cora suddenly grabbed herself in despair. Both hands. “I knew you weren't a proper Lady, you will never be.”

“I am.” Cora cried softly “I can prove it to you.” she nodded as she pressed herself harder against her own fingers.

“Prove it to me?” Violet faked a surprised look “A proper Lady should be able to control herself and her need and you clearly aren't.”

“But I-” Cora sobbed “I could make it.”

“Not like that, you won't.” Violet crossed her arms on her chest. She studied as the girl before her swung and danced, frowning but never giving up once. “You're so determined on proving you can be a lady?”

“Yes.”

“I'll give you another chance, then.” Violet was smiling now “If you can make it through dinner, I won't bother you on the subject anymore.”

“I will, I promise.” Cora nodded, her shoulder hitting the wall for support as she held herself. “If you could just let me go now, I will.”

“What the point would be? If you ask for the loo, everyone will know you're not a proper Lady.” Violet pointed out. “And proving to me this evening won't change the fact that everybody will know what you will never be.”

“I made a mistake not going to the toilet before leaving, but-” She shut her eyes tight, dancing a little on the spot “But-I can't hold it much longer.” Cora confessed and her cheeks turned bright red. She was on the edge of crying. “I'll lose control and I'll embarrass you all, and Robert-” She gasped. He may not loved her like she did, but he was a kind and a good man, he didn't deserve the shame of an improper wife. She couldn’t ask for the loo for Robert, as well she couldn't wet herself for everyone to see.

Violet was thinking the same thing.

“I guess everyone is entitled of one error.” the older woman conceded. “You made this to yourself, but we can't allow that kind of humiliation today. We have to manage on our own.”

Cora nodded briefly. Violet was right, after all. A proper Lady should've been able to hold herself through a party or a dinner. It could have been a real lesson for her, even if it looked like another teasing of her mother-in-law, it wasn't.

“You'll help me?” She agreed.

“We must cooperate to limit the damage. Follow me.” Violet gestured with a tilt of her head. Noticing Cora still grabbing herself, walking stiffly and slowly, reluctant of letting go of her crotch, she sighed through her hinted smile, a sympathetic one “Whenever you're ready. But I suggest you hurry. Robert's coming over here.”

*004*2017-06-03 18:57

@Bellatrix1 and @Keita123, thank you for the feedback! @wedgeantilles thank you too, you made me happy :) and yes, you're right, it is a great show. I have to agree with you, season 1 was the best.

Next chapter will be posted tomorrow.

*007*2017-06-04 12:40

@HoldingPrinces thank you too for the feedback! Hope you (all) like the second part. Here we go!

P.S.: I'd like to change my previous statement with the current one "I can hardly imagine one of the "Upstairs" squatting down to pee in the middle of the gardens LIKE IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL OR FOR EVERYONE TO SEE" for obvious reason ;) pardon me if I didn't explain myself decently before.

A Proper Lady

Fandom: Downton Abbey

Characters: Cora, Robert, Violet

Setting: pre- serie (around 1890)

Warning for this chapter: none (desperation)

Chapter 2: On the Edge

Cora was starting to panic. With her heart drumming inside her chest and the terrible fear of Robert coming too near and notice her distress, her bladder quivered and throbbed with pain. She was still grabbing herself, hard, too afraid of letting go. Yet she had to.

She stopped few feet behind Violet, hiding discretely behind her body, slowly massaging her crotch until she could no more, for her husband was too close and he'd notice.

“Cora, mama.” He looked at them, surprised “What are you doing here?”

“We were just talking.” Violet promptly answered.

“The Baroness told me you didn't feel well?” He looked preoccupied.

Cora thought it was really sweet of him to worry, as well very mean of her to alert her husband about something he shouldn't bother.

“Actually I did not feel quite well so Cora was about to accompany me outside.” Violet cut in, turning her head slightly and waiting for Cora to nod.

“If you're sure.” Robert frowned.

Cora felt his all attention on her. Of course, it was not normal for her to remain silent – that much silent, anyway – and her face, she imagined, surely didn't look reassuring.

“I'll join you.” Robert continued and Cora had to shift on the other foot, pressing quickly her thighs together to avoid a leaking.

“No.” Violet smiled forcefully “We'll be fine. We'll join everybody for the stroll, later as promised.” she nodded “Go now, they'll be asking where you are.”

Cora and Robert exchanged a weird glance. She was sure he was worried for her because it was more than rare that his mother asked for some time alone with her and maybe he was thinking that an epic scold was ahead for her but she had no other choice. He was being so nice and cute, but he had to go. He had to go now.

“Go on, Robert.” Cora smiled and she was surprised that her voice hadn't cracked from the effort of clenching her muscles without any extra help, from the fear of being caught by her husband “We'll join you soon.”

“All right then.” Robert finally gave up and with a gentle smile, he turned his back to them and walked away.

“That was close.” By that time Violet had commented the event and turned slightly to face her daughter-in-law again, she was helplessly leaning against the wall, this time facing it, her forehead pressed against the wallpaper, breathing had, both of her hand deeply shoved between her legs, massaging frantically to give herself some relief.

Violet look at her for a moment. Never in her life, she'd seen Cora in such a desperate state and she must've been really dying to relieve herself if she was allowing herself to grab her own crotch, moan and pant in front of her, the one who practically spent her whole day judging every small movement.

Cora must've been literally bursting. She considered, for a second, to tell her to turn over to open her dress and loosen her corset, but what if someone caught them? They couldn't risk that.

“Violet, I really- can't-” Cora panted hard, gasping and bucking her hips toward her gloved fingers, pushing her body's lower-half against the wall to enhance the pressure against her crotch. “I'm-”

“Don't.” Violet sternly whispered, really fearing she would leak through her dress, ruining everything “Quickly, follow me.”

“I don't know if I can walk.” she hissed, throwing a desperate, wet glance at the older woman. She couldn’t know if she could trust her muscles to walk.. god knows where.

“You must, child.” Violet sighed, this time looking worried and preoccupied.

“It's starting to hurt.” Cora whined, detaching from the wall, trying so hard to test if she could trust her own body to follow her mother-in-law without having to touch herself.

“Well, we have no choice.” Violet swallowed. She really felt bad for her now.. but what could she do, really? She didn't want to prove anyone that Cora wasn't able to control her body functions, which meant she couldn't ask for the bathroom and she couldn't wet herself either, naturally. “C'mon.” she urged and pulled her gently toward the end of the corridor, from her wrist, forcing her to lastly spare her clasping.

Cora wasn't expecting that. She felt a hot spurt dampening her underwear.

“I can't!” She whined, crossing her legs and doubling over. She feared she might have had a spot on her dress now. Everyone would've noticed.

“C'mon!” Violet replied; she was having none. She pulled her harder, and Cora had no choice but follow her.

Fortunately, the walking allowed her to change position often and she could press her thighs hard, so it made her felt a little more confident as they walked through the crowd, heading outside, toward the big garden.

As soon as the groups of people became more scarce, all too little to mind them as they strolled on their own, Cora grabbed herself again, closing her eyes shut as Violet pulled further and further from the manor.

“Stop grabbing yourself, suppose someone notices.” Violet scolded her with a low voice. Cora shook her head hard.

“I can't stop. I'll leak if I don't.” She cried in response.

Violet sighed. She stopped for an instant, to look around, then pulled her for other five or six steps, then stopped for good.

Cora dared to open her eyes and she found herself surrounded by colorful bushes at the feet of a large oak.

Suddenly, Violet's plan came far too real before her eyes and her cheeks turned bright red.

“If you have a better idea.” Violet pointed out, almost reading through her mind.

“I can't-” Cora sobbed, not sure herself if she was referring on peeing in the garden at the mercy of possibly everyone or on her impossibility of holding her flow for another minute. “I- I- Ok-” She finally gave up, then froze, wondering how and, most important, if Violet had to assist at her final humiliation. “You'll stay?”

“Of course I'll stay.” The older woman seemed impatient herself “You can't take off your clothes in the middle of a garden, suppose someone comes over. I need to check if your dress gets wet, you must just squat and lift your skirt- you can't to much more!”

Cora hit the trunk of the tree with her back, still grabbing herself with both hands, massaging with intention her aching area.

“I have to pee in front of you?” She screeched, terror in her eyes.

“I suggest you only leaking, or else it would be impossible not to wet your clothes. Also, you still need to prove me something.” Violet reminded her, but still, she looked conflicted.

“I do want to prove I'm a Lady worth of your son.” Cora reiterated, panting hard.

“Then took only the edge off and do mind your skirt.” The older woman said “Do it quickly, I'll give you a minute.”

Cora could cry that instant, but her urge was far greater than her shyness at the moment. She grouped her skirts up her hips, holding the bundle of fabric with her left arm and squatted down, all the while grabbing herself powerfully with her left hand, under the dress, but still over her undergarments.

She took her time to spread her trembling legs and removed her hand, clenching her muscles as thigh as she could as she moved away the fabric from her over-sensitive skin.

As soon as the cottony cloth caressed her throbbing folds, her body decided for her and let go of the flow.

She was peeing full-force and she was panting hard, fearing the countdown rolling on the Countess' head. She may not be able to stop herself and that would've been bad too. She closed her eyes anyhow, enjoying the blessing feeling of her bladder finally having its release.

“Watch it, you're wetting your-” Violet warned with a preoccupied voice, but it was her sudden interruption that scared Cora the most.

She worked her inner muscles to tighten and reduce the stream, and it was then that she realized it would've been almost impossible to stop peeing at all. Still, why did Violet stop talking?

“What's happening?”

“Stand up this instant. The Baron is coming over. He saw me.”

Fear took over her and a big splat of urine hit the ground. She tried to clench her muscles, but it didn't work.

“Violet!” She sobbed, desperately stuffing her gloved hands between her legs, her middle finger aiming directly on her spurting pee-hole. It hurt.

“Stand up, now!”

Before Cora could've regained total control, she felt Violet's grab upon her shoulder, lifting her up, forcing her to stand while leaning against the oak.

Cora let go of her dress, but her hand was still under the skirt, rubbing hard.

“Violet!” The Baron gleefully greeted and in the moment Cora heard his voice, she let go of herself, feeling hot streams leaking down her legs.

She clenched her muscles tight, as well as her fists, trying so hard to stop the flow. She couldn't and the Baron was feet away.

She grabbed herself one last time, spreading her legs and shoving as much fabric she could in the inner part of her legs, as further as she could, before pressing hard her legs together, bouncing in place as the need to finish her releasing swept painfully through her. Then smoothed the outside layer and concentrate on holding everything in place, knot of dampening cloth included. It worked.

“Hello.” Violet smiled gracefully, visibly relieved that her frantic work served a purpose, at least apparently. “We were admiring this beautiful garden.”

“Thank you, thank you.” The Baron laughed proudly “I saw you all alone, I didn't spot you Cora before, you were hiding behind the tree?” He chuckled and she stepped forward with a sweet smile, trying to shield the puddle around her feet from his eyes with her presence. “Anyway, I was wondering if you'll join us for the stroll, before the farewells.”

“In a couple of minutes, Baron.” Violet smiled “This tea party was a success, the perfect way to celebrate the beginning of the summer.”

At the word “tea” Cora's bladder gave another spasm, but luckily she was able to control herself. Her muscles were still tired and her body needed a release, but the brick in her stomach had alleviated considerably.

“Why, thank you.” The man nodded “See you there.” He hinted a bow and turned his back to them, leaving quite quickly.

“Let me look at you.” Violet immediately took both of her wrists with caution – careful not to touch her hands – spreading her arms to inspect the damages.

There was an irregular darker spot on her crotch, right where she held herself and her right glove was soaking wet. The baron hadn't notice because Cora strategically had joint her hands in front of her in the most natural way, for a proper Lady.

“I'm- I'm sorry, I couldn't help it.” Cora sobbed, lowering her eyes in shame.

“I know.” Violet conceded “Another close call.” She sighed then. “But you managed.”

“Thank you.” Cora whispered, fidgeting on the spot ever-so-slightly, conceding herself to let go of the bundle of clothes still resting against her womanhood. Her undergarments were damp and maybe even her petticoat was too, in some points.. her lady's maid would've asked questions, once back home. No, she needn't think of that now.

“Take your gloves off and-” The older woman brushed harshly her fingers against her daughter-in-law crotch, testing the dampness of the spot there.

“Please, don't- please.” Cora backed off immediately, holding her stomach with her left hand, rubbing down gently her lower abdomen, few inches above the spot. She was still rather full and the small spats hurt her aching bladder. She still needed to pee.

“Well, it'll dry soon. It's only slightly moist, luckily.” Violet considered. “Feel any better?”

“Yes.” Cora nodded shyly.

“You think you can honor the agreement now?” The older woman asked, raising suspiciously her eyebrow.

Cora didn't know. She needed to go, approximately her bladder had only emptied by three-quarters or maybe little more. And surviving dinner at the Abbey meant surviving also the carriage ride and a couple of hours dinner and the after dinner, which would be quite short, considering they'd been out the whole afternoon, hence someone would call an early night.

Four hours still. Four hours top before she could finally relieve herself. She could make it, she had to.

“Of course.” She said, over-confident. Truthfully, she didn't know. It would be a challenge for her.

“I must tell you that you're on the good path.” Violet smiled at her, this time, without irony. She walked away, preceding her toward the group gathering outside the front door of the manor for the stroll.

Cora felt pride spreading inside her chest. She finally had managed to do something right to that woman's eye. Now she was even more motivated in succeeding in their secret undertaking. She would've shown Violet that she was indeed a proper Lady, that that had been her first and last mistake.. and prove her also that her muscles, determination and will were much stronger than she thought.

She had to win the challenge. She had to hold her need inside until the end of the evening. It was also personal, now.

She wouldn't drink, she wouldn't grab her crotch when someone could see, she wouldn't give up until the end of the evening at home. After this experience, she could feel she could face any other problems she may encounter in the future. She'd been prepared. She'd know her limits.

Cora lightly pressed on the stomach, testing her resistance. She was aching, but if she didn't strain her abdomen, the bother was bearable; not in the least comparable to before her few seconds relieving.

She hurriedly took off her gloves, wring out the right one, and she shoved everything in her wrist purse in a messy ball; then she walked gracefully toward the growing group of people, her hands elegantly joint in front of her to hide the drying spot on her crotch, fading reminder of her almost fatal accident.

The stroll actually went quite well, her stomach didn't even felt that full though it was almost completely. Walking and talking and admiring the plants were good distractions, mostly because she knew that afterward she could go home and finally start her ultimate challenge.

She was almost feeling.. excited about that.

Proving she was a proper Lady not only to Violet, but to her unknowing husband and herself as well. Was it so wrong to actually enjoy her final test? Because it wasn't just about strong will but about physical strength, determination, good acting and the gift of disillusion. It was the essence of a proper wife, in that society. It was what she'd been waiting all her life. Her last test.

“How are you doing?” Violet discretely approached her and slipped her arm in hers.

“Quite well.” Cora replied. She wasn't lying and her smooth walk was a proof of that. Her bother was there, a tiny bell constantly ringing inside her brain, but she easily ignore it with a quick rub of her thighs at every stop they made to admire this or that flower.

“Good.” The older woman nodded “I'll see you in the carriage.”

Cora didn't answer, she just nodded before taking her place at her husband's side. He was a handsome man and her pride while strolling arm in arm with him was radiating around her, making her almost forget her impending need. Which had been good for a while, but after the farewells, it had revealed quite an unfortunate event: her lower abdomen had started to feel heavy again and her over-stretched bladder again ached with throbbing pain.

She left a relieved sigh when she sat in the carriage next to Robert. Sitting down almost erased her aching completely.

Dreadful thing was the irregular pulling of the two horses, trotting their way back to the Abbey. Cora felt each pebble they hit with the wheels, every speeding and every stop with utterly unpleasant waves into her bladder. The liquid moving inside of her was enough to make her almost sick.

Cora threw a quick glance over her mother-in-law, who was sitting across of her, alone, and then to Robert, next to her. He seemed asleep for his head hanged from his neck, slightly bouncing against the window.

Cora wondered if she could dare to.. no, she had to keep composure for Violet. Showing her she could manage at her best. Also, if she started to grab herself now, how did she expect to last other three hours and half?

She decided to go for a leg crossing, which under her dress, went almost unnoticed.

“Clever.” Violet made her almost startle. Cora didn't answer, only looked back at her with a puzzled look. “You can do whatever you need to do as long as no one notices your attempt to relieve the pressure. I know your needs, now, so I'll notice more, but during dinner, you must not let out a single hint. I'll judge you and tell tomorrow morning if you did well enough.”

“I will.” Cora assured, smiling. Violet smiled back before turning her head again to look outside.

Cora checked for a moment on Robert, ensuring he was indeed asleep and tried to do the same. She kept awakening from her troubled sleep from that sharp waves inside her bladder. Pressure was starting to build, now, she couldn't ignore the feeling anymore. Cora sighed, uncrossing and recrossing her legs to change position, trying to fool her body and it seemed to work for a while. She closed her eyes and drifted off into a light slumber, thinking constantly at home, imagining everything was already over, dreaming about relieving her bladder, finally, letting go what she was holding since morning.

When she blinked her eyes open, the carriage had stopped in front of the Abbey.

Robert thought he'd been to harsh on waking her wife from her dreams, but in reality the fullness of her body hit her like a smack in the face and she had to grip on the carriage door, as well as shifting on the edge of the seat and tightening her legs not to lose control of her body.

She walked in stiffly, bolting – even if discretely – up the stairs announcing she wanted to change immediately from those worn out clothes. As she climbed the stairs, she heard the butler giving the gong.

It was eight pm, one hour to go for dinner and three top before going to bed. She was already feeling desperate. She needed to find a solution.

Cora let herself fall on the bed, taking off her shoes with her feet so she could bend one leg under herself, the heel deep between her legs. She started to rock slowly on the spot, feeling her foot working just fine over her pounding womanhood.

She closed her eyes, searching blindly for the bell cord and pulling to call her maid.

She had a couple of minutes before her maid would show herself up, so she started to think of a plan.

“M'lady?”

Cora rose her head and shot herself up as well. The pressure was starting to bother her considerably now. She couldn't think of anything else but relieving herself and let go the content of her bladder. She couldn't, of course.

“Come on in.” She said kindly, smiling when she saw the young maid with her navy dress in her arm.

Cora diligently turned her back to her, patiently waiting for her to unbuckle her creme dress to put on the evening one. When the time came to wear it, she stopped the girl.

“M'lady?”

“I decided not to wear the corset tonight.” She declared “My back hurts from wearing it all day and I think we tighten it too much this morning.” She explained. She could see the lady's maid frown through the mirror, but she obeyed with no more questions.

Cora silently sang the hallelujah when finally her bladder had more space to expand itself. It almost made her feel good, not desperate for a pee at all. Almost.

Because now her body had to be wrapped again into a new frock and she unpleasantly felt every button being laced up, every pulling of the fabric, much more intense now that the poor maid had to close the back of her dress without a corset to clench her ribcage.

“All done, M'lady.” the girl announced, collecting her old dress in her hand.

“The gloves are in my purse. I spilled some champagne on the right one.” Cora smiled sweetly, pressing instinctively her thighs together when she mentioned the champagne.

“Perfect.”

“That would be all, thank you. I'll ring for you after dinner.”

“Very well, M'lady.” The girl bowed and slipped out of the room with the slightest noise.

Cora fell down on the chair of her vanity, sighing and smiling happily for having fooled the maid. She bet the girl didn't even notice her fidgeting between one dress and the other. She could make it. She could do everything and still remain unnoticed the entire time. She just needed to stay calm and be careful of everything.

Now she wasn't that desperate, still the need was there. And in a matter of minute, her acting would have started. She could grab herself under the table, avoid any beverage and most of all refusing the alcohol after dinner. She needed to plan all.

Maybe she could concede herself some help now, because who knows when she could actually do as she planned. Suppose a footman decided to stay right behind her the entire dinner, suppose something she couldn’t see now would happen.

She must've been impeccable.

Who knows when she would be able to have any external help for her tired muscles.

Cora sighed noisily, allowing herself a long grab of her crotch through her fresh navy dress, an aimed massage to her inner folds as she bucked her hips against her fingers, her back pressed on the chair as her muscles went stiff.

She moaned and then inhaled sharply. It worked, it helped. Quite a lot, too.

She breathed softly, removing her hand and smothering her skirt. She placed her hand over her abdomen, rubbing gently the length of the bump of her bladder, from her navel down to the crotch.

She felt wrong for actually.. enjoying it. She realized she finally had control over something in her life and all the while proving the world she was a proper Lady.

She smiled when Robert knocked on the door and she heavenly told him to come in. He hadn't noticed anything wrong with his wife, which made her both happy and sad. He may not loved her like she did, but she would prove his mother and herself, she was worth of him.

*010*2017-06-05 09:44

@wedgeantilles

& @Bellatrix1

Why thank you! You'll make me blush *^* anyway, part 3 will be up tomorrow. Stay tuned!
