The bladder-buster cruise

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-05-19 22:59

The bladder buster cruise

Chapter 1: Setting sail

It had been a month since Lilli had seen the advert pop up on the side of her browser. At the time she had thought it had to be a joke, “Go pee free, for a free cruise”. She wasn’t sure what had made her click on the advert, maybe it was curiosity to what it might mean, or maybe it was simply the words free cruise. As a recent university graduate she didn’t have much cash to splash, so if she could get a free cruise she was interested.

Now standing at the port, her shoulder length drown hair swirling around her face she couldn’t hide her excitement.

“Can you believe it, a free cruise!” She yelled, throwing both hands into the air. The sound of the waves lapping against the walls of the port interspersed with the squawks of seagulls enjoying the late morning sunshine.

“You realise its only free if one of us doesn’t pee right?” A huskier voiced woman next to her said. With one hand on her hip the black-haired woman didn’t look quite as happy about the arrangement as her taller friend.

“Oh shush Janet, its still a cruise” A third voice shot back. It owner was currently stepping out of a cab that had just pulled up.

“Sasha!” The three young women cried embracing in a group hug.

“Jesus its windy out here, I don’t know why I spent so much time on my hair this morning.”

“Ever the style guru Sasha” Lilli responded, their hug ending as Sasha's long auburn hair whipped around in the sea air.

They had been friends since childhood but Lilli had always felt like the nerdy girl taken in by the beautiful popular one. Her average build and tomboyish tendencies combined with the biggest braces you had ever seen made school life a little difficult for her. But thankfully her and Sasha had hit it off in PE (Physical ed), with neither of them really wanting to do it. Slowly jogging or mostly walking around at the back of the pack during track days gave them plenty of time to talk. She had been pleasantly surprised at just how nice Sasha was, initially thinking of her as another airhead beauty. It turned out that despite her flaming red hair, picture perfect smile and blemish free skin she was actually pretty down to earth.

Thankfully since those days the braces had been removed and Lilli had somewhat blossomed into a beautiful girl next door type. A small silver nose ring and large tattoo of an octopus on her shoulder the only signs of the rebelliousness phase she had as a teenager. That and her lasting friendship with Janet who despite people teasing her for her old person name was the same age as the others. She had joined Lilli and Sasha’s school just before her GCSE’s and found herself in all the same classes the others two had chosen, it seemed they all had similar interests.

“So where is that blonde bombshell sister of yours Lilli?” Sasha asked

“She is up at the check in place getting the boarding passes”

“Check in place” Sasha laughed, ”you mean the port authority?”

“Alright, if you want to use your fancy words.”

“So are you guys ready for this?” Janet asked, her uneasiness easy to pick up on.

“Totally” Lilli responded.

“We have nothing to worry about and we can totally win a pee holding contest between us, plus we have Barbara who I’ve never seen desperate to pee even after a full night of partying.”

“Yeah my sister is our secret weapon. But anyway it’s a cruise, it’ll probably be full of old people and even you should be able to beat them” Lilli said, a smile on her face as she elbowed Janet in the ribs gently.

Janet knew she didn’t have the strongest bladder, it wasn’t necessarily weak but she doubted she would win the contest by herself. But thankfully Lilli and Sasha were right, Barbara could go toe to toe with a dozen people on a night out and seemed to never take a pee break. Even that time when she lost 4 beer pong games in a row, refusing to leave until she won.

“The gangs all here then” came a shout from behind them. Lili's sister was casually walking towards them, hands full of paper

“Sorry it took so long, there were a load of other things they had to make me sign. But anyway, here are your boarding passes ladies” she said handing them out.

“And here is what looks like a book of free drink tickets which is a result and.... an itinerary thing for today. Oh but be careful with those passes, the guy at the desk said not to mark or bend them otherwise we might forfeit our chance at the free cruise.”

Grabbing their bags the four women made their way up to pier 9 and boarded the cruise ship that would be their home for the next 7 days.

“So apparently we have a briefing in about 5 minutes in the dining hall area, which is….that away” Lilli said, pointing them towards the front of the ship.

Walking down the long corridors the group couldn’t help but notice that the ship was not filled with old people, but mainly people their own age or slightly older. It seemed the offer of a free cruise in exchange of a bathroom visit attracted a certain type of person. The realisation worried Janet who was starting to think this might turn out to be harder than they had first thought. The noise of a tropical steel drum helped direct them to the dining room where rows of seats had been set up. A tall man in a captains outfit stood at the front of the ship, flanked by a pair of beautiful women in blue and white suits. Greeting them and the other passengers they were asked to take a seat and soon the room began to fill. a few minutes passed before the captain picked up a microphone, tapping it twice the booming noise quieted the excitable guests.

“Greetings and welcome aboard. My name Captain Hammond and I will be giving your briefing today. Now im sure you are all aware of the special that was on offer for this cruise, and I will now go through he rules and procedures of it. Please pay attention, I don’t want anyone to get disqualified early.”

“All of you should have a boarding pass that looks like this” He said holding up a blank copy.

"Not only is this your boarding pass but also your bathroom pass. The first time that each of you visits a bathroom we will stamp the left-hand side of your pass like this.” Bending down to a small table he picked up a large rubber stamp, inked it and marked the page. A large black mark was applied to the page with the word "Voided" in its centre.

“This will mark your loss of the competition and rule you out of the free cruise. Additionally you will receive a similar stamp on the back of your left hand to make it easier for us and other guests to identify who is still competing."

“You should all have also received one of these red booklets. These are free drink vouchers, they can be used for yourself or on others.”

A few confused murmurs went through the crowd.

“These vouchers can be given out by and to anyone without a black mark on their hand i.e anyone who is still competing. Each person on this cruise has 10 free drink cards that you can redeem at any establishment. Refusal of a competing traveller to accept a drink is also considered to be a forfeit and will result in you being stamped.”

“However, while anyone can give anyone a free drink using these cards it is up to the recipient to choose their drink of choice. Whether it is alcoholic of not is up to you, but a standard glass size of a pint will be given of your drink of choice. Additionally, drink cards will also be stamped with a time and given back to the drink recipient, with a grace period of 10 minutes between each drink. This is the only time when you can refuse another drink. The bar’s close at 1am and reopen at 7am, so drinks will also not be available during this period either.”

Taking a small sip from a glass of water he paused for a moment, a number of whispers going through the crowed.

“Now, to make sure the rules are followed there are no toilets in your rooms but there are large communal facilities on each floor. These are manned 24 hours by a member of staff who will be able to stamp your cards whenever you feel the need to go.”

“Finally as an added prize, each day we give all of our competitors £200 spending money to either be spent on the ship or can be converted into the local currency on days where we are docked. When leaving the boat each competing passenger will also be given one of these.” He said holding up what looked like a blue plastic belt of some sort.

“These will be fastened around your waist when you are off the boat in order to stop anyone cheating and using a toilet when off the boat. But don’t worry they are flexible and wont get in the way of your activities. If the call of nature does happen when off the boat you can remove them by pinching these two tabs here and pulling. This will deconstruct the belt in such a way that It can not be put back together, so don’t think about trying to do that either. Once back on the ship please hand in the belt to a member of staff.”

“Now that all of that has been said, again I hope you enjoy your trip with us, your welcome packs are in your rooms and will include a map and information on everything onboard. If you have any questions please feel to ask myself or another member of staff” With that the captain walked off, leaving the two women to field questions from travellers who may have been uncertain about any aspects of the contest or cruise in general.

“He was kind of hot” Sasha said, making Barbara roll her eyes. “Kind of got a tom cruise vibe”

“If you mean he is probably old enough to be your dad, they yeah.”

“Shut up, are you saying you would turn down tom cruise?”

“well…”

“Exactly, Sasha 1, Barbara 0”

“Should we go find our rooms?” Lilli interrupted her friends squabbling, currently studying the small pamphlet of free drink cards.

The rooms themselves were nice, large windows gave them a nice view of the sea from the third floor. Lilli was glad they opted for the queen bed as she laid back, the soft mattress making sure they would sleep soundly even as the ship floated its way around Europe. The four of them had gone for separate rooms, but luckily they were all next to each other on the same floor. A loud knock on the door told Lilli she had spent too much time led on her bed and the others probably wanted some lunch.

Stepping onto the food court the group grabbed a table at an American style diner, ordering a round of burger and chips they discussed what their plans were for the day.

“Well, I think we should check out the pool for a bit after lunch, then maybe see what the shops have to offer before dinner.” Barbara suggested

“Yeah there isn’t too much else to do on the ship till we get somewhere” agreed Janet. "Although I think that bar has pool tables." She said looking over her shoulder.

“Hello ladies here are your meals” a waitress appeared, somehow balancing 4 full plates of food and 4 pint glasses on a small tray.

“Im sorry I ordered a small” Janet pointed out. Still thinking about her bladder she knew she had to be smart and didn’t want to start chugging back the drinks yet.

“Sorry love, you got an upgrade courtesy of those two lads over there” she said pointing to a small table in the corner with a couple of young men on, currently holding a hand up to wave at them.

“I…uh” Janet blushed deeply, despite her good looks and sizeable chest she was never the one to get free drinks.

“Go Janet” Sasha said elbowing her friend again.

“Oh sorry, they paid for all your drinks” she said holding up 4 of the free drink cards they had all received earlier.

While some might have taken that as an insult, Janet was happy they were all in the same awkward boat now. “Are they seriously hitting on us having lunch? Its 11.45” She asked incredulously.

"You'd be surprised", the waitress joked before disappearing off to the kitchen again.

“Hey if they want to pay for drinks we already ordered, im ok with that” Lilli responded, waving a hand back at the two gentlemen.

“This isn’t some kind of sex cruise you’ve booked us on little sis is it?” Barbara asked, her tone indicating she wasn’t serious.

“Like you’d care” Sasha muttered with her mouth half full of burger.

Over the next hour the girls finished their meals and picked their day trip for tomorrow morning. They would be sailing overnight to the Italian coast where they would take a bus trip up into the Alps for a spot of lunch in some market town. The weather looked nice but it was the photo of a furry cow that made Lilli somehow convince everyone else that they wanted to go and see them.

After quickly changing into some swimsuits the group made their way to the swimming pool complex on the top deck. Thankfully it was massive, with three large pools making up the main section it meant that despite what seemed like half the cruise having the same idea, it spread them out enough to give everyone room to relax. Random tiki hut cocktail bars were also found at each site and while still early in the afternoon most people could be seen lazily bobbing on the water with a drink of some sort in their hand.

Janet was currently laying on one of the nearby deck chairs reading a book and enjoying the sun. Despite it still being a little colder than most would like, the weather was still good with not a single cloud in the sky above her. Next to her Lilli was sketching the scene using Barbara and Sasha as her muses, both lounging in the shallow end of the pool a little away from her. Although as she always did she had taken her artistic liberties, exchanging the cruise ship with the surface of an alien plant. Her subjects currently enjoying a hot spring on Mars, with its duel moons above them. Although as she looked up she could see her beautiful vista had been ruined by a couple of unwanted visitors. Two guys had seemingly taken a fancy to her sister and Sasha, and while she had nothing against them hooking up she had hoped this would just be a trip for the 4 of them.

“Hello ladies, what can we get you to drink?” The front one asked

Barbara and Sasha took a moment looking at each other they both raised their eyebrows, a signal they had established to mean neither were interested but both thought they could have little fun with them.

“Sure, two margaritas’ please” Barbara said sweetly

“Great we will be right back” the guys said before quickly turning and heading to the bar, high fiving themselves when they thought they were out of sight.

“Ok, so usual plan?” Barbara quickly asked turning to Sasha.

“Yeah, they look like jocky Chad’s to me, so Lesbian lovers run away from their boyfriend routine?”

“And scene” Barbara laughed, moving a hand in front of her face to show a now serious game face.

Shortly the two guys returned with a pair of margarita’s. It seemed while at the bar the two had decided which one they wanted, now sitting on either side of them. The tall blonde muscular dude going for Sasha while the dark haired but more toned guy sat on the deckchair next to Barbara. Despite his sunglasses it was clear he couldn’t keep his eyes off her sizeable chest, although she wasn’t sure he was even trying.

“So what are your names” He asked

“Im Barbara and this is Sasha, thank you for the drinks” she said taking a sip as sensually through the straw as possible.

“Are you girls here alone?”

“No we are together”

“Like together together, or like just on holiday together?”

“Together together” Sasha added planting her lips around Barbara’s

It would have taken Barbara and Lili who was watching by surprise if they hadn’t done this routine a dozen or more times in their company.

“Sorry guys” she said shrugging

“I mean…that doesn’t mean anything, you haven’t had me ye…”

“Beat it brad!” came a shout from nearby that did take them by surprise. But by the look on the guy's face trying to chat Barbara up, he knew the angry woman matching towards them.

“Come on Cath” he started

“Fuck off, before I wedge those sunglasses so far up…”

“Okay, okay…geeze.” And with that the guys left, their advances seemingly defeated by the new woman.

“Sorry about that, but you don’t want to get involved with them.” The brunette said

“That’s my friend Eva’s Ex” she said pointing to a tall brunette who was currently flipping off the pair as they left from across the pool”

“They were supposed to come on this cruise together, but he cheated on her and cheekily kept his ticket for this.”

“I…uhhh ok thanks for the heads up” Barbara responded, still a little confused over what had just happened.

“Sorry, im Cath” she said holding out her hand to shake “I can get a bit protective, but those guys are just dicks of the highest order. Trust me you can do way better.” she said turning and walking back towards her friend.

As the woman walked back to her friend, Sasha and Barbara couldn’t help but laugh, clinking their free drinks together the pair went back to relaxing

“Brad, so we were only one letter off” Barbara joked sipping her drink.

####

Hey guys, I hope you enjoyed the start to this next story of mine. Sorry there wasn't any Omo content in this chapter, but hopefully it set the scene for the rest of the story and peaked some of your guys interest.

As always feedback good or bad is always appreciated!

Also feel free to ask any questions you might have.

*006*2020-05-21 14:32

{{1 hour ago, wedgeantilles said:

That definitly is a great start!

I like the rules about the cruise a lot, everything seems well thought and you can think: Hey, why not, that could be real

}}

Thank you, im glad it comes across that way, spent probably too much time imagining what I would do if I was running this type of cruise haha. Im sure there are probably somethings I missed but at the same time having a massive chapter just full of rules might have been a bit boring.

{{6 hours ago, NothingLeft said:

This is sounding excellent. A good twist of the norm- a cruise setting with four friends, some new aquaintances and few dicks, but with omorashi themes, settings, and vibes.

I particularly like 'Janet', as I am a huge fan of the shy, big-breasted, weak-bladdered women. Top tier, and I can't wait for the next part- no rush though, I can appreciate how long something like this takes.

Good work, my friend!

}}

Hey thanks!

I'm hoping to get a chapter out at least once a week. But thanks for understanding!

{{On 5/20/2020 at 5:29 AM, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story so far can’t wait for the next chapter

}}

{{On 5/20/2020 at 2:29 AM, Oel14 said:

Very promising start!

Also good writing style, well done!

}}

Thank you both for the encouragement, its very kind and good motivation!

{{On 5/20/2020 at 1:27 AM, Dtravis said:

Very interesting beginning, I am looking forward to see how extreme this can get.

}}

Thank you! It probably wont get as extreme as the Weakest link did, but hopefully it is still enjoyable.

