The bladder-buster cruise

Author: Markj9494

*019*2020-05-30 17:28

Chapter 4: Upping the game

Lounging by the pool for the last few hours had totally removed any anxiety that Sasha had still felt from the mornings accident, in fact she felt strangely free and was now able to enjoy the cruise to its fullest. As time went on she had also witnessed a number of accidents as men and women lost the battle with their bladders. Clearly trying to be the one to win the free trip was a big incentive for people to push their bodies to their extremes, with many falling short of the desired outcome. A whistle from one of the other pools caught her attention, looking over she could see the life guard pointing to a young black hared girl. Even from this distance Sasha could see the clear water turning blue as a hidden chemical reacted with what she guessed was the girl urinating into the pool. A number of people quickly rushed out of the pool, trying to avoid the rapidly spreading pee as she peed into her bikini in the middle of the water.

It was strange how quickly you could get used to seeing someone wet themselves, a couple of days ago she couldn’t remember having seen one person do it and yet today that had to be the 10th that she had seen. Equally, she was sure seeing such events before would have grossed her out, but turning over in her chair Sasha didn’t give it a second thought, as if it was the most normal thing in the world. Checking the time on her phone to make sure she evenly tanned herself she noticed a number of missed messages in the group chat. The others were on the way back from the village and would soon back on the boat, followed by about 4 dozen photos of Lilli hugging cows. The final message was a plan to meet in Barbs room once they were all back aboard. Thankfully she noticed no one was asking her about what had happened, saving her a probably awkward conversation. Hopefully she and the others could all just forget about what happened and move on.

Finishing her last few minutes of tanning in the Italian sun Sasha walked back to her room, having a quick rinse in the shower to remove the suncream she got dressed and knocked on Barbara’s door. Walking in she could see the others must have had a productive day at market as bags of random things laid across the room.

“So, seems like you had fun” She said, the three others all sat on the large bed.

“Hey Sasha, oh my god the Cows were so fluffy!” Lilli said, her arms hugging an invisible cow.

“I meant the bags” Sasha laughed, pointing to the pile of stuff.

“Oh…yeah the market was alright”

“Don’t worry we didn’t forget you” Janet said, throwing a small package to Sasha.

“Aww you guys, you know you didn’t hav…..really.” Rummaged through the bag she found a large pair of scissors, a large label claiming they were sharp enough to cut through plastic.

“Yeah well, the thing is they can cut through plastic….but the packet is plastic, so you know you still need to find something else to open them with” Janet said, unable to stop a smile appearing on her face.

“We are only joking” Barbara said, throwing another package to the jokingly scowling Sasha.

Unwrapping the second she was much happier to see a number of handcrafted accessories including a new ribbon made of some sort of fabric.

“Its weaved out of the hair of the cows” Lilli said excitedly, “they even dye it in the town”

“Thanks guys” Sasha said, quickly tying her still drying hair up into her iconic ponytail.

“Oh and we met Cath and some of the others out there, they invited us to that bar with the pool tables and stuff if you wanted to join?” Barbara added.

“Yeah sounds fun”

The bar itself was pretty nice, far nicer than any of them had expected to see on a cruise like this. Black marble counter tops and gold inlay gave the place a real fancy vibe, while to the side there was an area full of traditional pub games, pool, darts and even a poker table. Pushing two of the tall tables together the 9 of them sat around passing stories from one group to the other. Currently they were talking about how Amy had once gotten on the wrong plane and no one seemed to notice until halfway through she got a call from the airline asking where she was.

“You would not believe how hard It is to get out of Dubai if you are not supposed to be there” she joked.

“Should we order some dinner, I am starving” Eva said at a break in the conversation.

“Yessss, me too” Sasha added a bit too enthusiastically.

“You guys want to share some platters?” Cath asked, browsing the menu

“We kind of did that yesterday, and I wouldn’t mind something a bit lighter than deep-fried chicken.” Barbara said, also aware of the pitchers of drink they were supplied with. Looking at their friends group she was surprised to see that it was still only Kirsty that had the black mark on their hand, they had all held it this long! Barbara herself was starting to feel a pressure in her bladder, the five pints last night had really filled her up and she was definitely at the point where she would find a toilet about now.

It hadn’t worried her too much during the day as she had watched several people desperately dance around the market until the facilities opened. Combined with what Sasha said at the start of day about the line, part of her had assumed that the contest would be almost over by now. Yet as she sat opposite the group of confident women not a single one displayed any discomfort or desperation. Crossing her own legs Barbara was suddenly aware that if it came down to it, it would likely be just the people sat around this table that would be her competition. She would have to keep an eye on how much she and the others drink tonight.

“But, if you are after the platters they do a great 3 for 2 offer” Barbara said pointing to a deal on the opposite side of the menu.

“Perfect!” Cath said enthusiastically. “If we get what 6 platters between the 5 of us that should me more than enough right?” She said looking at the others who all seemed to agree.

“Now what about drinks?” Cath said

“Well, ac…” Barbara started when a kick to the shin stopped her in her tracks. Looking over she could see her sister motioning to her left hand, it seemed she wasn’t the only one keeping tracks on their chances of winning the contest. Although she was getting a bit fed up of people kicking her.

After pausing mid sentence Barbara had gotten a couple of strange looks in the second that passed, “Sorry, Pins and needles. I was going to say there is a cocktail menu if you want that?”

It seemed the others had bought her excuse, taking the menu out from the stand and beginning to plot their night of fruity delights. Now free from their need to keep their bladder contained the others joined in on the planning, which seemed to mainly be how many innuendo’s they could put together in an order.

“So who is ordering this?” Sasha asked, looking at the list of cocktails and blushing at just the thought of saying it.

“Not me” Janet said quickly.

“I will pay for who ever order’s its drink” Nikki said holding up a free drink voucher.

“I’ll take that deal” Cath said snatching the ticket and waving at a passing waitress. Unfortunately while she may have been fine saying it to a woman, the waitress walked over to the cash machine where she pointed the table of ladies out to a rather hansom looking man. Suddenly the usually confident Cath was having second thoughts about taking the deal.

“Hi guys, you ready to order?” he asked

“I, uh yeah”

The food was the easy part, listing off the platters and meals of the 4 others. Then came the drinks and while Barbara went for a single pint of lemonade the others had gone for something a little more adult.

“Are you serving cocktails?” She asked, hoping he would say no.

Checking his watch for a moment, he confirmed they were and so began the moment of truth.

“Ok, so can we get, a red headed slut, a Liquid Viagra, then bend over Shirly with a Leg spreader. A Tight snatch, a Sex on the beach with a Screaming orgasm and a Slippery nipple." She rattled off her face growing redder by the second, not used to this sort of embarrassment she didn’t think it could get much worse, that was until the waiter repeated the order and it just made it so much worse. Thankfully he soon left and the food arrived, alongside the 9 cocktails and 6 pitchers of soda. The tables barely large enough to fit all the food and drink, the four exchanged knowing looks as they watched their new friends picking up a pitcher each. It was surely more than enough to break even these big bladdered ladies, or so they hoped.

Yet as the time passed and the pitchers emptied , Barbara was in dismay to see just how little of an im-pact they seemed to have having. Even as they ordered their second round of drinks on top of the pitchers, their demeanour seemed unchanged. For her part she was still avoiding drinking too much, but even with just the single drink with their dinner meant her bladder had started to feel unpleasantly full. The occasional light contraction telling her it was nearing the stage that she would normally consider full.

“Mind if I grab another glass” Cath asked, leaning across the table for some of the remaining soda.

“Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Amy asked

“What, oh…you know me I can handle anything. This is nothing compared to that time we did the back to back flights to Australia with a night of drinking in-between. That must have been what 40 hours, I can hold a lot more than this.” she said confidently

As Barbara watched Cathleen calmly drink down another pint from her second pitcher she could feel her own bladder responding. How was this woman so calm and composed, she could easily see Caths bladder or stomach was now bulging out and must have been pressing against her tight red leather trousers something awful, it looked stretched to the max and yet she showed no indication of it. Barbara was really starting to wonder if she really had any chance of beating her or the others, they were just too strong. There was no way she could win and she was the groups last hope, she had to try but the inevitability of her own bladder giving out was rising by the second, the seven pints she had drunk since last night were really worrying her. But just as she was contemplating her own fate she noticed her sister shift slightly in her seat.

Lilli hadn’t pee’d yet! It was then that Barbara knew what she had to do, she had to protect her sister from the advances of the others as much as possible. If she could take the limelight away from Lili she might be able to use her remaining control to really put the pressure on the others.

“Hey guys how about we play a game?” Cath interrupted Barbaras train of thought, but gave her a great idea.

“Ok but lets make it interesting” Barbara said, placing her book of drinks on the table.

“So winner gets a free drink?” Nikki asked

“No, the loser”

“Wait what?”

“Look, we all know that its going to be one of us that wins the prize for the cruise. So, how about we make things interesting. Loser has to take a drink.”

“I don’t know, that’s a lot to gamble” Nikki said, aware of the consequences of failing

“I mean if you don’t think your bladders are strong enough to beat mine, I mean I have plenty of room to go yet” Barbara said patting her stomach. It was a lie, with just the shock waves from her patting having made her bladder pulse strongly. But it seemed to work, as Cath put her own drinks book on table

“Well, we will see about that. You’re on, name your game.”

“Darts, first to hit bullseye wins”

“Alright, fairly simple” Cath said, going up to the bar to get the darts for the board. Returning to the table she downed another pint while keeping eye contact with Barbara, the others could feel the fierce rivalry forming between the two.

Changing tables to be near the board the group threw their belongings under the bench, with most of them continuing to casually chat while keeping one eye on the game. It seemed Eva and Sasha were really hitting it off as Barbara looked over, the pair deep in conversation about something or other.

Stepping up to a black mark on the floor the two of them took turns tossing darts at the board. It seemed like a fairly even contest since neither of them got it immediately, but they weren’t too far off. As Barbara walked up for her fourth shot she was happy to see the dart fly true, striking the red centre of the board. Ripping a card from her book she handed it to Cath who quickly walked up to the empty bar. Walking back to the group she put her pint glass to her lips, again keeping unblinking eye contact with Barbara she chugged it back.

A few drops of the lemonade spilling out the corner of her mouth and running down her ample chest. Slamming the now empty glass on the table she took up the darts again, keen to win. Two shots later she did, a nice throw that narrowly landed inside the centre of the board. This time it was Barbara’s turn, copying her adversarial she too chugged back another pint, all caution thrown to the wind as she focused on trying to fill up Cath to save her sister.

She wasn’t quite as fast as Cath, but she placed the empty drink on the table in no time. Picking up the darts she was keen to keep the contest going. 10 throws and one more pint each it seemed they were evenly matched. As Barbara began her second pint she couldn’t help but pause for a moment, the sheer volume of liquid entering her body so quickly taking its toll as she almost gagged.

“Struggling are we, hows that bladder feeling” Cath jested.

“Plenty of room, another pint down, Childs play.” Barbara responded breathlessly from chugging, feeling her stomach fill even further.

“Well how about we turn this up a notch, round the world but loser drinks the number of points they lose by?” Cath asked, a look of ruthlessness in her eyes.

Barbara hadn’t counted on that, she was ok at darts but this could destroy her with up to 20 pints on the line. Maybe if she could get the others in Cath's group to play she could knock them out at the same time as herself.

“Yeah sure, but what about you guys? Fancy making this fun?” she said, turning to the others of Cath's group.

“Sure thing” Niki said, “I look forward to watching you down pint after pint when I win.” She said confidently

One down two to go “What about you both, want to join in”

“I don’t know…” Eva started

“Yes they are both in” Cath stated, apparently giving neither of them an option.

Amazing, they were all in! If she won she might single handily win the contest for them right now. It had gone perfectly.

“What about you Lilli?” Cath asked.

Shit, Barbara’s eyes widened, no say no!. She tried to give her sister a covert signal but it didn’t seem to work as Lilli confidently strolled up to the group. “Sure sounds like fun, but no teams right? There are only two if us.”

“I guess” The others shrugged.

Barbara's mind was racing, maybe she could somehow get Lilli to leave, or... she needed to do something or her whole plan would fall apart.

“So, one dart each and it ends when someone hits every space on the board” Lili said more than asked. “With everyone drinking the number of spaces they had left, although we should make sure everyone has the same number of throws so its fair.” The others agreed and the game was on.

“Cards on the table ladies” Nikki said, bringing up her pack that was already missing a couple of pages. Likewise the others placed their free drink packs on the table.

“So were all in, no backing out from now on” Cath asked, double checking as the possible outcomes of the situation was now realised by everyone, but no one complained.

“Great, rock paper sissors to see who goes first?”

“Sounds good to me” Lilli added

After a quick match the order of throwers was determined, with a confident looking Cath throwing before and equally confident Lilli. Aiming at the number 20 the first dart was thrown, landing slightly to the right of the number. Next Lilli stood up to the black line marked on the floor to show the throwing distance. Pulling her hand back and concentrating on the board, she swiftly moved her hand forward carefully releasing the dart. Leaving her hand with a slight spin it arched up to the board before landing squarely in the triple 20. A smirk appeared on her face, she loved darts and was about to take these fools for a ride.

“What the fuck” Eva said, stunned.

“Come on, that’s not fair. You conned us” Nikki said, looking slightly angrily at Barbara.

Barbara herself was a little stunned, she knew that her sister was OK at darts but that was amazing.

“What the fuck was that Lilli” she asked, “ And hey I mean I didn’t ask her to join, plus im in the same boat with no teams”

“Hey, maybe it was luck…. maybe it wasn’t” Lilli said, her smirk turning into a broad smile. Although internally she hadn’t thought about the no teams affecting her sister. But having seen what Barbara was up to when the games started, she knew the plan. Or at least she thought she did.

Dart after dart was thrown into the board, despite taking an early lead Lili had gotten stuck on the number 17, down and right of the centre she kept putting her dart just too low or too central. It had allowed the others to catch up, with most just one or two points behind. Unknown to them Lilli was taking it easy, she had seen the nerves creeping across her sisters face and had even started to cross her legs. It was a sure sign that her big bladdered sister was starting to struggle and while she wanted to win, she didn’t want to make things to much worse for her. Luckily she was currently third, only two points behind.

As the halfway point was crossed it was Cath that had taken the lead, the brown haired beauty clearly starting to get her eye in. She nailed the last two shots back to back and that was a worry to Lilli, had she been taking it easy too? Feeling the weight of all the drinks yet to pass through her in her stomach, she knew she couldn’t take too many more risks. Plus, the earlier she ended this the sooner the others would falter. Stepping up she sank her next dart into the 17, as near to the edge as possible so that it looked like she had finally gotten it.

As the game entered its final stages it seemed many of them had gotten their eyes in as more and more of them started to sink their shots. But it was Lilli that was in a clear lead, with just one number to go. Standing she accepted the dart from Cath who had luckily missed her last couple of shots, approaching the line she closed her eyes. One more shot and it would be over, but what about her sister. Looking to the chalkboard next to the board she could see her sister was only at 14 points, that was six drinks!

The others had all fallen back a bit too despite the recent run of points, giving herself a bit of a cushion in case anything happened. But she knew she could wait a bit more to help her sister, it was a dangerous game but probably worth it. Raising her hand she aimed just to the left of 5, the final wedge she needed. Throwing it hard she felt the faintest of brushes of the flight of the dart as it left her hand, to her dismay she could see it flying true. With a clunk the dart hit the Metal separator of the points but it had sunk into the board, the question was which side.

“Oooh that’s close” Sasha said, her conversation with Janet overcome by the tenseness they all felt towards what had originally started as a little game between new friends.

Walking up to the board and closely inspecting it Nikki let out a heavy sigh “That’s in, she has won”

“Oh god…” Eva moaned

“I just cant, there is no way I can do that many drinks” Amy said, a sad look on her face. Why did Cath talk her into this, she was having enough problems as it was.

“Yeah girrrl” Sasha said, high fiving the now guilty looking Lilli.

“Good game sis, shall we have our last throws and tally up then” Barbara said putting a hand on her sisters shoulder to show there were no hard feelings. In fact from Barbara's point of view this was almost perfect.

As the last round of darts were thrown Lili was happy to see Barbara make her throw meaning one less drink, while all the others missed theirs. Going first meant that Cath also didn’t get another shot so remained just as far behind. “So in first place we have Lilli. Second place goes jointly to Barbara and Cath being 5 short, Third is Eva just one point behind, meaning 6 drinks. Nikki you are next with 12 points or 8 drinks and finally Amy im afraid you managed just 9 points meaning 11 drinks.”

“I…..I…I..just cant drink that many” Amy said, a clear look of disappointment on her face..

“Im sorry, but rules are rules” Cath said, putting a hand on her shoulder.

“Well it seems a shame to waste free drinks but Im already desperate. If I drink much more I think I’ll literally pop. But on the plus side that means I can finally pee.” Amy said, standing up she grabbed her boarding pass from her bag.

“Well, I will see you guys in a very relieving minute.” She said, walking off in the directions of the ladies room, still not showing any real signs of desperation and making Lilli wonder if the others were just better at hiding their needs.

Sitting back down the others passed around their drinking cards, making sure that each person had the right amount, the 4 women walking slowly to the bar. After more than 30 hours for most of them since their last trip to the bathroom they all knew this would likely be the straw that broke the camels bladder. But while their bladders ached already, each of them was determined not to lose this and to prove they had the strongest bladder.

It took five waiters to bring over the trays of drinks for the table which was now covered in 24 full to the brim glasses.

“Well, guess we better drink up” Cath said, still confident in her own abilities.

Looking down at the glasses in front of her, Barbara knew this was the end for her control. By the time these joined everything else she had drunk in the last day and a half there was no way she would be able to hold it all. She just hoped she had done enough damage to everyone else with their little game, with Amy already out and Nikki drinking so much she might just have handed the advantage to Lilli.

Tilting the first glass to her lips Barbara was unpleasantly surprised to see Cath still chugging hers without a care in the world, one glass, two glasses, five glasses all chugged at tremendous speed with little in the way of a break between each one. Even as she watched she could the brunettes stomach bloating even further, her light skin now poking out between her leather trousers and black top. How could one woman drink and hold so much liquid in her body, even her friend Eva seemed to be thinking something similar as she finished her first pint.

Two pints down herself and Barbara could feel her own stomach expanding to accommodate the new rush of liquids. Beneath it her bladder was also now feeling even fuller than it had earlier. As she finished the third pint she felt a much stronger pulse from her bladder, causing her to pause and an involuntary moan to pass her lips.

“Having trouble there?” Cath chastised again

“No, no, just my stomach having a hard time dealing with it all. My bladder is still as strong as ever” Barbara lied, her face blushing slightly as the others noticed her struggling.

“that’s good news, how about another game once you are done with these”

Barbara couldn’t believe what she was hearing, despite everything Cath had to drink she still wanted to play and risk more. But at the same time Barbara couldn’t back out now, she was stuck. If she truly wanted to ensure her sisters victory she would have to play along, but how much more could she take?

“Sure I’ve got plenty of room to go.” Barbara said, taking a couple of deep breaths she got to work on pints 4 and 5, her black dress getting tighter and tighter with every mouthful she swallowed. As she drank she could see the gleam in Cath’s eye, she was looking for any moment of weakness and studying her opponent, but despite her rapidly filling bladder Barbara refused to show any.

“Caths getting a little intense isn’t she?” Sasha asked Eva who was still slowly making her way through her pints.

“Yeah, but Barbara should take it as a compliment. She only ever gets like this when she see’s someone as a rival to her. I just hope your sister knows what she is doing, Cath isn’t the bladder queen for nothing.”

“Yeah she was like this with me when we both went to Lisbon and back without a toilet break. I think she gets off on it in a strange way” Nikki added.

“So who won, out of you two?”

“She did, the next time we flew together we agreed to see who could hold it longer, while she also made sure to keep us both topped up on drinks. I nearly wet myself somewhere over North Africa and she seemed as calm as ever.” Nikki laughed.

Looking over Lilli could see the sweat starting to form on her sister’s face, a sure sign Barbara might not last much longer, what was she playing at. Surely her common sense would kick in and stop her from ruining their chances to win. Maybe she saw Cath as the biggest threat to their chances and was having it out with her right now.

Pursing her lips Barbara tried to ignore the nauseous feeling in the pit of her stomach, or was that her bladder, she couldn’t tell any more. Putting a hand on her heavily bloated stomach she could feel the liquid inside her almost bubbling away, the gas from the soda further increasing the pressure within her. She could see Lilli looking at her slightly worried out the corner of her eye, but she could do this! If she could get just a few more drinks into Cath it might tip the balance, or at least that was what she kept telling herself. Yes it would mean that she would end up extremely full, but that was a price she was willing to pay. It was only 10.44, she still had an hour, maybe two before they would likely call it a night. In some ways the inevitability of knowing she herself would likely take a trip to the ladies before bed made it easier to hold. She didn't need to hold this indefinitely, just a little longer.

Setting her final pint down she took a deep breath and looked over at Cath. “So, whats your game?”

“Pacman” she said

“Uh…what?” a confused look on her face as Caths answer took her by complete surprise. What was she talking about Pac man for, unless that was the name of some drinking game she hadn’t heard of.

“Pacman” Cath repeated, this time pointing to a small row of 3 arcade machines in the back of the bar area.

“I..uh ok, but its not really a competitive game is it?” Barbara questioned.

“Well, we will just have to make it that way.” Cath responded, walking towards the machine.

“Ok, I guess. What did you have in mind?” Barbara asked, following her physically but not quite following where she was going with this.

“So the idea is, we take it in turns. If we die it’s a drink for us but if we clear the level that’s a drink for the other person. But, there are 3 lives per level, so any we have left over go to the other person as well.”

“Wait, so if we beat the level with no lives left that’s 4 drinks for the other person, isn’t that kind of a lot per round?” Barbara could see where this was going, she really needed a longer game to make her plan work.

“True, but I think my bladder can handle it, you not so confident about yourself?”

“No, I can drink and hold whatever you throw my way" she said defiantly "But I’d rarther spread them out a bit. There is only so much I can physically drink without throwing it back up.” It wasn't completely untrue and she was relieved to see the intense glimmer of competition in Caths eyes soften for a moment, her statement clearly making sense to her.

“I suppose you are right, I get a bit carried away sometimes. What do you propose?”

“How about, we just do a drink for our opponent each time we beat a level. That way if we beat it first time every time the drinks still pile up but hopefully it should take a bit longer between them?”

“Sounds fair to me” Cath said nodding.

Sliding the first coin into the machine the games began again…

###

I hope you enjoyed this chapter, things are starting to heat up between the two powerhouses of Barbara and Cathleen.

Thanks for reading, next chapter up soon!

*023*2020-06-01 13:18

Thank you all so much for the kind words and feedback! Im happy to see people are still enjoying the story.

As for the comments.

{{21 hours ago, NotDusty said:

Fantastic work. The smart money’s on Cath, but I’m rooting for Lilli!

}}

Thank you! Yeah, Cath definitely seems the most in control, but Lilli might still have a chance depending on what happens next, plus some of those drinks are still to reach her bladder so who knows what might happen.

{{On 5/31/2020 at 10:18 AM, wedgeantilles said:

Amazing!

Awesome story and I am very curious how Barbaras plot will work.

However, at the moment my mony is on Cath - even if Barbara manges to make her drink more, in the end I guess her bladder ist just too strong for Lilli or Barbara.

Let's see how it continues

}}

Thank you as well!

Yeah its a bit of a gamble what Barbara is doing, but will it pay off? What happens if she ends up drinking all this and Lilli pees before her anyway? Is she focusing too much on Cath, could their be other contenders in the group or watching from the shadows? only time will tell...

{{On 5/27/2020 at 5:17 PM, watchinghold said:

An excellent chapter indeed, though in retrospect I almost wish Sasha had made a bigger fuss about being voided out of the contest since in the end her failure wasn't entirely her fault. Yes, she gambled on going ashore and lost, but her real undoing was the faulty belt design; I'd even argue that there was still a chance, slim though it may have been, that she might have still made it until the last botched attempt to undo the mechanism that squeezed her bladder past breaking point. Finally, even the staff admitted that this sort of failure with the belt mechanism happened fairly regularly, which urks me that they'd even be used at all since it seems counter to the spirit of the contest that this very situation can happen.

Under these circumstances, I wish some sort of special dispensation had been given to Sasha since it was the cruise hardware that caused her to fail, and she had not been removed from the contest. Maybe not given the cash bonus for that day, but not so harshly punished for something that in the end wasn't her fault.

}}

Hi, thank you. Im really happy to see my writing is interesting / good enough that people think about these things!

I did contemplate something along those lines when I was planning the chapter, but thought it wasn't quite right for what I was going for. Considering they all know what they are signing up for and she wanted to pee anyway. At that point I assumed she wouldn't have cared enough to get angry and after the fact she probably just wanted to pretend it had never happened instead of making a big deal of it. Despite the others seeing her get off the bus is slightly damp shorts, no one she knew witnessed the accident thankfully.

*024*2020-06-02 17:36

Chapter 5. All or nothing.

As the coin clunked into the bottom of the seemingly empty machine its screen came to life. The simple 2d maze now being used for something much odder than it was designed for. Toggling the screen Cath pressed the large green button and the game started as quiet 8bit music filled the room. Watching over her shoulder Barbara could see that Cath was well versed in pacman, avoiding the ghosts and even leaving the golden orb things until they were needed. Her early strong performance was starting to worry Barbara, but then one wrong turn and she was cornered by a pair of the ghosts, her first life gone. The second wasn’t far behind as she sprinted to a corner with only a few pellets left, she got them all but it cost her another life. But with the top of the board now empty it took Cath no time at all to clear the bottom, even taking a few ghosts out on the way.

The triumphant music was anything but, for poor Barbara as she was forced to order herself another drink at the bar. This time she simply went for a pint of water to try and counteract any impacts the alcohol might have on her tomorrow morning. Standing there she chugged the drink back swiftly, each gulp feeling like it was a lead weight, falling down her throat and smashing into her bladder that now throbbed inside her. Whether it was the fact she was now standing, or she was finally reaching her breaking point, Barbara couldn’t deny her desperate state any longer. Crossing her legs for the first time that night she hated the look of glee from Cath who had seen the first sign of her breaking.

Walking up to the machine Barbara put the next coin in. it had been years since she had played this, but thankfully Lilli had a MrsPacman game when she was little, so she wasn’t totally out of her depth. However, despite her best efforts and the long time she spent using the passages from one side of the screen to the other she simply couldn’t outrun the pesky ghosts. Her first life went quickly, but each life taught her how to play and by her third she managed a good 7 minutes on the screen. But with just a handful of pellets left she ran fowl of the little pink ghost and her third life was lost. She was just thankful they had changed the rules, even failing it didn’t mean she would have to drink anything more.

Leaving the controls to Cath for her second go she waited for the brunette to be fully immersed before she moved a hand to her bladder. After everything she had drunk it was really bloated and there was so much more to come. “Come on you can do it” she said in her head, looking down at the substantial bulge sticking out of her dress. She had thought the relatively small bump from last night was bad, but it was nothing compared to this. Placing a hand over her mouth she let out a burp, feeling the weight of the liquid inside her shifting and causing her to press her thighs together. Thankfully Cath seemed to be getting annoyed at the game, loosing 2 lives in quick succession. Another pulse from Barbara’s bladder made her wince, this was getting bad.

A few minutes later Barbara was happy to see that Cath had failed this time to clear it, she was free from any more drinks for now. However, with each round taking 10 – 15 minutes to complete, it was making it hard for her to make Cath drink much before she would simply have to give in herself and go to the ladies room. But even one more drink would be worth it as a new painful spasm hit her. Taking careful steps up to the controls she readied herself, taking a deep breath she began.

Despite losing a life when another spasm hit her causing her to miss her turning by trying not to give away she was suffering, she completed the maze with 1 life left. Taking her chances as she watched Cath walk to the bar she quickly pressed a hand between her legs, hoping no one would see her. The extra support took the edge off her discomfort. Unfortunately it didn’t last long as the bar tender poured Cath her drink which she chugged in about 6 seconds flat. With her head tilted and shoulders forced backwards her bladder bulge was extremely prominent, pressing out of her it must have been torture for Cath. Yet still she drank like she wasn’t about to pop where she stood, her tight leather trousers and iron will keeping her bladder contained.

Winking at Barbara on her way back to the machine she slotted the next coin in and began her round. The contest continued for the next hour, with the others going back to chatting while the two of them fought it out on their virtual battlefield. Looking over Barbara could see her sister happily chatting with the others, her legs crossed tightly but she still looked composed. Something she could not say as confidently about herself, as every second passed she was losing the ability to control herself. With her legs now pressed tightly against each other she stood rigidly, fighting off wave after wave of pressure from her bladders contents that battered against her defences relentlessly. “One more game, one more drink” was all she could think as the need to pee overcame her. In the last hour they had only had a two drinks each as they failed to keep up the early momentum.

Cath was currently playing and it wasn’t looking good for this run either, much to Barbara’s relief. With one life left she still had half the board to go, but as Barbara stood their her legs shifting slightly against each other a much more powerful spasm erupted from her bladder, causing her to groan and bend slightly at the waist. While she might have been able to hide the others, Cath had seen her movement reflected in the screen. In her moment of distraction she was caught out and lost her final life, but she was far more interested on what was happening behind her now.

Standing up as straight as possible again Barbara tried to regain her composed look, even as she could feel the sweat rolling down her back and a spasm caused her to purse her lips to stop another groan escaping.

“Are you doing alright?” Cath asked.

“Im…im doing fine” She lied, the end of her sentence several pitches higher as her muscles trembled. Using her arm she wiped the sheen of sweat from her forehead.

Another spasm, this time causing a spurt of wetness to rush past her clenched muscles and dampen her black thong, why hand’t she worn something more absorbent. Clenching her thighs together even tighter she shored up the defences while hoping to catch any droplets before they rolled down her legs and gave away just how perilous her situation was. Clenching her jaw and tilting her head slightly she stemmed the flow, her muscles stopping quivering for the moment despite their intense need to relax.

“You don’t sound like you are doing fine Barbara, if you need to stop it is quite late” Cath said.

“No no…..im alright, we should continue” Barbara said breathlessly as she fought her body. Another spasm rippling through her abdomen as a spike of pain followed it up into her chest. Looking at Cath she could also see the competition had left her opponents hazel eyes, Cath knew she had won and didn’t need to prove it any more. But Barbara wasn’t done yet, just one more game, one more drink she repeated.

“At…at least let me have my go, make it even” She could last 10 minutes, and then she would find a toilet she told her bladder in an effort to calm it.

“I mean, if you are sure?” Cath said.

With slightly shaky hands Barbara grabbed her coin and with small purposeful steps she walked up to the machine. Even as she stood there trying to act confidently, her bulging bladder begged her to stop, it begged for release and soon it wasn’t going to give her an option. She could leave now and she might avoid humiliating herself, but she had a job to do, she had to protect Lili! As her now clammy hands pressed the large green button she could feel her bladder constricting inside her as it tried to force its contents past her iron defences.

For the next five minutes Barbara’s face was a picture of concentration, but it wasn’t the game she was concentrating on. Her thighs we now as tightly pressed together as possible, rhythmically clenching as her body shook violently. Sweat rolled down her bare legs and from her forehead, she was truly forcing her body into the extreme. The pressure within her bladder was like nothing she had ever felt before, nothing she had ever tried to hold before. The sheer volume of her pee was pushing against her, bulging her abdomen and pulling her skin and dress tight. The only thing keeping it from exploding out was her sheer willpower, although as another ripple of pain flew through her body even that was starting to disappear. She knew she was losing this battle, but it was just one more game.

Sadly for her, just as the clock struck 12 in the bar she felt it, another leak and this time much more substantial. The immense pressure in her bladder giving way for a moment as a jet of pee re-dampened her underwear and started to roll down her inner thigh making her gasp loudly. As she felt the wetness spread across her tightly squeezed legs both hands flew to her crotch but it was too late. Another spurt left her, this time splattering on the wooden floor, squaling slightly Barbara renewed her holding efforts, but and after tasting relief her body ached for more. Another spasm hit her full force and it tore her last defences to shreds causing a veritable waterfall to explode out from underneath her dress, the relief causing Barbara to groan loudly as finally she peed.

The others still chatting turned to see Barbara’s bladder finally let loose as a torrent of piss shot out of her bloated body with some force. Somehow still able to walk Barbara took a couple of steps away from the machine as she continued to moan in relief, every few seconds her body would twitch as her muscles tried to constrict as hard as possible to empty herself as quick as possible. A thick and powerful just of piss streamed out of her at some speed, noisily splattering against the wooden floor of this part of the bar and forming a rapidly growing puddle.

Realising what she was doing Barbara’s face burned bright red, she was wetting herself in a public place. How could she have let it get this bad. Why didn’t she leave? she could have spared herself all this embarrassment if she had just listened to her body. With her legs no longer pressed together her heavy stream fell freely between her shaking legs, the puddle beneath her spreading out in all directions. On and on the her pee continued, how she wished she could stop it and shorten her humiliation, but her muscles were too tired and she had to resign herself to the fact she was no longer in any control of her still bloated bladder. For over a minute the waterfall continued as the pints of liquid she had consumed fell out of her tired body, closing her eyes she couldn’t imagine what the others would think of her after this.

Finally after almost two minutes her bladder was empty, the final drops falling into the now substantial puddle that was slowly flowing away from her, the gentle rocking of the boat causing it to spread even further. Opening her eyes part of her hoped the others had left, but she was wrong, they were all watching. Barbara could feel her face burning again, she wanted to say something, do something but her body seemed to be in shock and she just couldn’t think of what to say.

“Well played” Cath said, breaking the awkward silence and holding out her hand to shake.

“But….I lost, I completely humiliated myself” Barbara said sadly, looking down as rivulets still snaked their way down her bare legs. The edge of her dress was completely soaked and she could feel it pooling in her shoes.

“I mean, look at the size of this puddle” Cath said, seemingly impressed. “Any woman who can hold this much inside them shouldn’t be humiliated by that.” , it was strangely reassuring to Barbara to hear that and Cath was right, she had held far more than she ever had before.

“Plus, the amount of people having accidents this time yesterday shows you how much better you are at holding than them. And for what its worth, Im sorry, I shouldn’t have pushed you so hard, I just get carried away with this sort of thing and I don’t think the Alcohol helped with that.”

With that Cath came over to the still dripping Barbara and hugged her tightly. A movement that brought Barbara's now flat stomach into contact with the giant rock that was sticking out of Cath. Even as they hugged tightly she could feel the heavy weight of it pushing into her, she couldn't imagine what Cath must be feeling right now.

“Thank you” Barbara said earnestly

“Anyway its getting late and we should probably get some rest” Cath said

“Yeah and I need a shower” Barbara answered, lifting up her foot and pouring the pee out of her shoe by dangling it off her toes.

With that the others grabbed there things and prepared to head off.

“it was nice to see you again” Eva said to Sasha, causing her to blush. They had spent most of the night chatting and it had done nothing for the school girl crush she had developed on her.

“yeah you too, maybe we could do it again sometime?” Sasha replied, wait had she just asked her out? Her face went even more red at the realisation of what she had just said.

“Totally, that would be nice” Sasha breathed a sigh of relief with Eva’s reply, her heart fluttering as Eva bit her bottom lip slightly before turning to walk away. God she was beautiful Sasha thought to herself.

Saying their goodbyes the groups split up again, with Caths group heading to their rooms and the others waiting for a member of staff to stamp Barbara’s pass, after cleaning up her substantial accident.

“What the hell was that Barb” Lilli asked once the others were out of sight, slapping her sister lightly on the arm. “I thought you were going to win this for us”

“I was, but then I realised you hadn’t peed yet. So I thought I could take out the competition, but man I cant believe how badly I failed”

“I cant believe how much those girls have drunk” Janet added shifting slightly where she stood. “I think I’d have gone to the bathroom like 10 times after all that.”

“How are you feeling Lilli, think you can win this thing?” Sasha asked.

“I don’t know, I’ve got to go pretty bad right now. But It hadn’t gotten too much worse since earlier so I think I can last a little longer. But I am worried by how calm they all looked.”

“Yeah, their bladders didn’t even seem to be bothering them. Although Eva seemed like she might have been starting to feel it by the time she left. I noticed her holding herself under the table when she didn’t think anyone was watching.” Said Sasha.

“Keeping an eye on the competition aye Sasha” Lilli joked, making Sasha blush. She hand’t meant too, but she just couldn’t keep her eyes off Eva, there was just something about her. Was it her amazing eyes, her perfect smile, her rosey cheeks, her…”

“Earth to Sasha” Janet clicked in front of her.

She had totally zoned out again, seemingly Barbara had gotten her pass back and they were heading to their rooms. The walk back was a little more subdued than normal, with Barbara and Sasha tired after their failed attempts at holding, while Lilli was still holding and Janet could feel the awkward tension but didn’t know how to break it. Which wouldn’t ordinarily have been too much of an issue, but she kind of had to pee again, but she didn’t want to bring it up with Barbara having just wet herself. It wasn’t that bad she told herself, she could go later.

Saying their goodnights they each went into their separate rooms.

The wet shorts by her door a reminder of Sasha of her accident, while in the next room over Barbara was slipping out of her drenched clothes. She had thought about just walking straight into the shower with everything still on, but that would likely ruin her dress more than it was already. As the water hit her skin she couldn’t help but think about Cath and how much the others had drunk, had she done enough, did Lilli really still have a chance?

Pressing a hand to her stomach she could still feel the last few pints in her system, but she was just glad she could go back to using the toilet like a normal person. Although in a strange way she had enjoyed her little contest, there was something about seeing how far you can push yourself that was a little enticing. Drying herself off she got into bed, letting the comfortable matres sooth her aching muscles.

Once again it was Janet who woke earliest, her bladder still full from the night of drinking. Feeling a now almost familiar tightness in her lower abdomen she pressed her legs together tightly, wondering if she would be able to get back to sleep or not. Looking at her phone it was still a little before 6, the morning sun just starting to enter her room through the port hole window she had. Feeling her bladder starting to ache she knew the answer was no, it couldn’t wait.

Sliding out of bed she grabbed her dressing gown and slipped her flip flops back on. Carefully rotating the door handle she slowly opened her door, trying not to make any loud noises. Creeping out of her room and down the corridor she made her way to the ladies, but as she rounded the corner a new light caught her attention for a moment. Taking a step back she was surprised to see Barbara doing much the same, both of her hands between her legs and even in the low light she could see the worried look on her face.

Stepping back around the corner she waited for Barbara, clearly they were both in need of the same thing. A few seconds later Barbara looked up to see Janet with her thighs tightly pressed against each other and she too understood their mutual need. Carefully walking up to her she gave a strange wave, “You too huh?” Barbara asked.

“Yeah, I should have gone before bed, I guess I just didn’ think about how much I drank.” She lied, not wanting to admit why she really didn’t say anything.

Slowly the pair made their way towards the toilets.

“Do, do you hear that?” Janet asked, a strange buzzing noise was coming out of something nearby.

“I do, is it coming from the lights?”

“I think so, maybe its because they are off for night time?”

“Maybe, but at this point in time I just really need to pee” Barbara said, walking a bit faster.

Approaching the ladies room they could already see a sign posted on the door, something that made them both nervous. Was it out of order, was this another challenge, maybe had they changed the rules, were they not allowed to pee again? The pressure’s in their bladders increased exponentially as their moment of anxiety got the better of them.

“Oh shit, that better not say all the toilets are closed.” Barbara said

“Toilets closed due to faulty lighting, please find alternative facilities on decks 1 and 2” Janet read aloud, pleased to see that only this toilet was closed. “Well I guess downstairs we go”

“Um…can we take the Lift though, im not sure I can handle a flight of stairs in my current... situation” Barbara asked.

“Is it that bad?” Janet asked, her own muscles trembling slightly.

“I, uh yeh. I don’t have the most confident abilities in my muscles to keep everything in order at the moment, I think they are still a bit strained from earlier.”

“Yeh no problem, I think they are this way” Janet said, leading them the towards the middle of the ship.

Following the numerous signs the girls found the lift easily and pressed the call button.

“So…do you think Lilli can win it tomorrow?” Janet asked

“I…I don’t know to be honest, but she has been smart and hasn’t drunk too much. I think it all comes down to how much last nights drinking affects Cathleen and the others.”

“Yeah” Janet sighed, “I think she might have her work cut out for her”

As the lift arrived they stepped into it in a slightly uneasy silence. Janet was kicking herself for asking about it now, why did she have to bring it up.

As the doors closed the lights of the lift flickered slightly. “That’s not a good sign, maybe we should have taken the stairs” Barbara said. Leaning over she pressed the door open button, but nothing seemed to happen. Pressing it again she noticed the light behind the button had gone out.

“No, no, no, not now!” she said hammering the open button, but still nothing happened.

“Whats happening” Janet asked, the concern easy to hear in her voice.

“The stupid button wont work”

“Try hitting 3, maybe it will open because we are on the floor” Janet suggested

Pressing the 3 button the pair waited but again nothing happened.

“No, no, no, this cant be happening" Barbara reiterated, bending over and putting her hands back between her legs. Trying the emergency call button she was happy to hear it ring.

“Hello?” a confused voice came through the small speaker next to the buttons.

“Hi, hi!. Ummm, we are stuck in the lift on the third floor and would really like someone to come and let us out please.” Barbara quickly stammered into the microphone she guessed was somewhere in the panel.

“Oh, im really sorry about this. We have had to turn off the power to that section as we do some electrical work in the ladies room.”

“I…um, ok but what about us. We need to get out.” She was at least slightly relieved to hear there wasn’t anything actually wrong with the lift.

“I…ok hang on, ill call someone to come and get you.” the man said, his voice disappearing as he walked away from the phone.

A few moments passed during which time Barbara had started to pace, being trapped seemed to have made her desperation increase tenfold in a matter of seconds.

“Hi, are you still there?” The voice was back

“Yes!” Barbara said, a little bit more annoyed than she meant, but what a stupid question. They were stuck in the lift, where else would they go and if they did there wouldn’t be a problem.

“Ok so unfortunately we don’t have anyone that can come and get you, but I’ve spoken to the guys doing the work and they think it wont take more than 15 – 20 minutes. So the best thing you can do is sit tight for a little bit and then we will restore power and the lifts should function normally.”

“Wait what?” Janet almost wept hearing the news.

“Im sorry, that’s the best I can do. But I will have a check to see if there is anyone else around, Ill be right back.”

“No wait you don’t understand” Barbara said loudly into the lift. “Hello, Hello!”.

To their dismay it seemed the not so useful man on the other end had actually gone somewhere.

“I can not believe this is happening” Barbara said as she resumed pacing. “I mean what are we supposed to do.”

“We hold it, we have to hold it. Its only 20 minutes” Janet said, her voice faltering and suggesting she wasn’t that confident that either of them would be able to achieve that. Why did she have to leave it until now to pee, why didn’t she just go before bed.

The only problem with waiting 20 minutes was that neither of them had brought their phone, having not expected to need it on their late night excursion to the bathroom. But now as time passed they had no way of knowing how long it had been, with each second feeling like an eternity for the increasingly desperate women.

Janet was now sat with her knees pressed against her chest and rocking slightly, her short hair covering her face as she tried to ignore the intense feeling of desperation that was eating away at her.

“I don’t know how long its been but I cant hold it, I just cant hold it” Barbara muttered seemingly defeated, no pacing in small frantic circles.

“Yes you can, we must hold it, we can’t give up” Janet said resolutely into her knees.

“But, I cant, my muscles are already on fire. They have had enough for one day and im really struggling here Janet”

Looking up Janet could see Barbara meant what she said, she was now bobbing where she stood with her hands seemingly glued between her legs and supporting a clearly distended bladder.

“I know, im sorry, but we cant just pee in the middle of the floor. For all we know the lift will be back up and working any moment now. We cant give in, we just cant.” She repeated, far less convincing this time.

Barbara groaned loudly, her hands pressing deep into her crotch once again. “I….I….Uuuugh!”

A loud splattering noise filled the small metal box as Barbara lost control of herself for the second time, her pee raining down between her bare feet and onto the ceramic like flooring. The drops hitting the ground sounding like rain on a card window, accompanied by heavy breathing and occasional groans from Barbara

Janet scurried to her feet, the noise and smell of Barbara’s accident almost tipping her over the edge. She could feel her bladder throbbing sympathetically as Barbara groaned again, her pee still raining down between her legs. A faint hiss could be heard as it passed the barrier of her light purple underwear as once again Barbara found herself pissing in her clothes. With no control over the situation all she could do was drop into a squat and move her dressing gown out of the way.

As Barbara stooped Janet looked on confused with what her friend was doing until she parted her gown, clearly showing the darkening purple underwear to her that was becoming wetter and wetter.

“I….” Janet stammered, another pulse from her bladder hit her hard, clenching herself she managed to stop any leaks. Her face was quickly turning red with embarrassment of seeing Barbara's accident and from the strain of holding herself. Her round jaw was so tightly clenched she thought she was about to shatter her teeth against each other. A grunt forced its way out of her, her body visibly shaking in effort.

“Im so sorry Janet, I just couldn’t hold it any longer” Barbara apologised breathlessly, still wetting herself

“I….” Janet tried again, a stronger pulse rocking her body.

Tears were starting to well up in her eyes as she felt her control slipping, not so much as slightly but completely. Just as one hiss was ending another louder one filled the lift as Janet began wetting herself. Seeing, hearing and even smelling Barbara’s accident was just too much for Janet to fight against. Her pastel pink pants doing little to nothing as her bladder gave up the ghost and wetness spread across her crotch. Quickly her underwear darkened just like Barbara’s had moments earlier. Janet's pee quickly Spiralled down her slender white legs, splattering against her flip flops and forming her own puddle on the lift floor.

Covering her face with her hands she couldn’t believe it, she was wetting herself. She felt humiliated, the only thing that had made it even remotely bearable was the fact that she wasn’t the only one. Although Barbara had pushed her body to the extreme just hours earlier and her muscles were tired, while all she had done was not go to the bathroom soon enough like a small child. Finally after 25 long seconds her aching bladder stopped emptying itself and the pair of them now stood silently in large puddles of their own making.

“Im so sorry, this is my fault we should have taken the stairs.” Barbara said, looking over at the red faced Janet who seemed intent never to look up from the floor again.

“No, its ok, its my own fault” Janet sniffled.

As if on Que the lights behind the buttons turned back on and the doors started to slide open. They hadn’t even moved, they were exactly where they were 20 minutes ago, but now they were covered in their own piss. Gingerly they stepped out of the lift and walked back to their rooms, a trail of pee droplets falling behind them from their skin and drenched underwear.

“Um…Barbara, would you mind not telling anyone what just happened?” Janet asked, puncturing the still awkward tension between them

“Don’t worry, I had no intention of telling anyone anything. What happens on this cruise stays on this cruise” Barbara said putting an arm around Janet’s shoulder and pulling her close for a half hug.

Reaching their rooms the pair set about cleaning themselves up again, another pair of sodden underwear destined for the bin for both ladies.

If they made a habit of this they would need some new underwear by the end of the trip.

####

Another chapter and another of our ladies down.

With her sister out of the running can Lilli win this for her friends?

Or will Caths iron bladder remain unbroken?

And as usual, thank you all for the amazing support!
