Ms. Tinklebottoms Academy of Capable Girls (Chpt 3)

Author: Mr. Omo

*000*2019-07-26 09:04

When we left off, Janitor Leaks makes her presence known to Ms. Pissy’s class. Coming in with a mop, a bucket, and no sign of desperation on her face, she grinned not only at the fact that she was about do her job and clean up these girls mess, but that another bunch of girls couldn’t hold it to 3 pm, per usual of course.

“So, ya’ll are tha first ta burst, eh? Thought you were teachin’ these girls how ta hold it, Pissy. Just tell em ta cross their legs an shut up! S’what I’d do” Leaks says as she begins to mop up under the seats of the unlucky girls.

“Y-You be quiet! I-It takes alot more that that t-to keep one from wetting th-themselves!” Ms. Pissy says as she moans quickly, loosing control for a second and a wet spot forming on her panties. Leaks chuckles, seeing her old friend nearly pissing herself again

“C’mon, Pissy~ Ya gotta be tougher than that ta call yourself one of Tinklebottoms workers” she continues mopping, still no look of desperation, trembling, or even a potty dance from her.

The girls left with full bladders were shocked, wondering how Leaks went a whole 8 hours without a single sign of leaking or desperation . Cindy spoke up, though remaining on her seat to stop her flood from escaping.

“H-How is it that ya ain’t even squirmin’ a-a lil, Leaks? Y-Ya don’t even got ya legs crossed!” asked Cindy

“Well, Tinklebottom wouldn’t hire anyone who could wet themselves if they wanted ta be a janitor. How’d they get the floors clean if they left a trail a piss behind em?” replied Leaks, mopping the floor next to the now relived but soaking girls.

The girls looked to one another, her answer being somewhat bleak, but quite true. Not just anyone can be a janitor at Tinklebottoms Academy without being able to hold it for 8 hours. As they accepted this outcome, a chime was heard on the speakers above the chalkboard, Ms. Tinklebottom herself being heard across the Academy.

“Attention, Girls of Tinklebottom Academy. I am your Headmistress, Ms. Tinklebottom”

Her voice was heard from the classrooms where girls just finished wetting themselves, the gymnasium where girls tried their best to play sports, but end up wetting their shorts, and so on and so fort through the many classes of the Academy.

“I know it has been a painful, endearing 7 plus hours for you all, I myself enduring this much like you all. However, let it be known that it is a mere 15 minutes until relief can be given to you all. Therefore, I highly encourage you all, students and faculty alike, to keep those legs crossed and skirts dry as we go towards the final stretch of this rigorous school day. You are Tinklebottom girls, so you are more than capable of handling this challenge. Hang in there girls, we can do this.”

With the chime going off once more, the announcement was finished, and the girls felt more empowered after their headmistresses words, encouraging the remaining dry (or at the least damp) girls to hold it just a little longer, for Tinklebottom.

We cut to Ms. Tinklebottom herself, taking her finger off the intercom and sighing. She was a stern looking woman, her dark auburn hair put in a bun at the top. Thin, rectangular glasses on her fair skinned face, a grey-ish beige suite hugging her rather large chest tightly as her skirt hugged her thighs together snuggly.

She pinched her nose, sitting down at her desk and breathing heavily out her nose. She thought to herself in that moment, before sitting up straight, thinking aloud to herself.

“...Hypocrisy” is all she could think, remaining there for a long moment, before slowly sliding her hands down to her crotch.

“Hypocrisy!!!” she shouted in her head as she went from a calm, collected look to that an expression of desperation and embarrassment equal to the girls not long ago.

“How can I present myself as the professional Headmistress of Tinklebottom Academy when I am damn near wetting myself as much as the girls!?”

She then doubled crossed her legs tightly, held together by her arms as she rocks back and forth in her chair, biting her lip and shutting her eyes tightly, on the verge of pissing herself then and there.

“Your girls expect you to hold it for days on end! And you barely made it past 10 am today! How you’ve managed to make it now is a miracle!”

She jams her hands into her crotch, assuming the position the girls and bending over onto her desk, feeling her bladder being stretched beyond her limits and wanting as much if not more than the girls to make a huge, yellow puddle in her seat.

Ms. Tinklebottom appears, but she’s just as / more desperate than the schoolgirls to pee. Will Janitor Leaks ever show any desperation whatsoever? Can the schoolgirls last just 15 more minutes or leak early? Will the girls find out about Ms. Tinklebottoms desperate secret? Will Ms. Pissy’s panties get dry, or will she have to go commando on her date? Stay tuned~

Will get into the lore next chapter, since I wrote this Chapter earlier this week. Until then, Stay tuned~

*003*2019-07-27 07:05

{{3 hours ago, mipmixer said:

Wonderful wonderful story. I'm looking forward to the next chapter very much! However it would probably be better if you post them all in one thread instead of making a new one each time.

}}

I was thinking of posting all the chapters first, then doing a thread of them later. Thanks for the feedback though!

