Jenny And her friend Sara - Page 3

*053*2021-07-25 08:12

A long long time ago I started this and can hardly belive it's still alive. But when I came up with more things to put in this storie. I just had to do it. So as usual my english is not that great in writing. So I hope it wont disturb your reading too much. And this storie contains Mothers and daughters wettings and masturbation. So if you don't like that. Now you know. And if you are new to the storie you are welcome to read it from the begining. But I think you will understand it anyway. Just the characters maybe will be a bit difficult to get in to. Well time to let the story continue. Enjoy. Hopefully.

The girls arrived to Jenny's place. Both Linda and Erika was sitting in the backgarden in sun loungers.

- Hey girls. New friends? Linda asked.

- Yes. We meet them on our walk around the old exercise trail behind the school. Sara replyed.

- Rachael and Mia intreduced themselves. And the mothers did the same.

- Well. What are you girls going to do now? Erika asked.

- I just want to show them my room and then we will probably just sitt and talk for a while. Jenny said.

- Yeah you all deserve to sitt down for a while after your walk. You do that and in about an hour. We can eat some ice cream here and just have a nice evening together. Linda said.

- Sounds great. Both Sara and Jenny replyed at the same time.

In Jenny's room the girls satt down and started to talk about school memories and just getting to know each other better. After all. They have wet themselves infront of each other twice. And on top of that. Touching either themselves or another girl as well. But after I while. Jenny feelt she has to ask some pee realated questions too.

- So Rachael. I know you have just peed trough your bikini. But I have to ask. In what places have you done it? Some where you should't maybe.

- Well. I do it mostly in the water when we are swimming in that lake. But I have done it on land too. At the lake and at home when tanning alone. I just thought I go trough my bikini in the water. May as well do it on land too. No one will know. So I just did it. Loved it. So I saved some so I could do it again atleast one more time before my parents came home. And I guess some where I shouldn't have done it is when I do it in the shower at the indoor pool. But its so much easier and faster to go there then the toilet. I started to do that under my first year in school when we started to have swimclass. And I haven't stopped since.

- I think you started almost like every other girl do. Its a nice way to start. And to be honest. Most girls will not go any further then that. And then there is girls like us that takes that extra step. So have you ever peed in the pool? Sara asked.

- I think I can be completely honest and say yes I have. Actually it was Mia who told me to try it. She always did it if she needed to go. And we are both doing it to this day.

- Love it. We do it too. Always at lesat one pee in the pool everytime we go there. So much fun and naughty to do it around others that don't know. So how about you Mia? Now we know you go in the pool. But anywhere else?

- Pretty much the same as Rachael. But I have been extra daring once. I just had to try it. I was at the indoor pool. About to get in the pool. I always pee in the shower first but if I have to go again later I do it in the pool and enjoy it. Anyways. When I got to the showers it was only another girl and me in there. I think she was around my age. Maybe a bit younger. So I though well young girls are more open to some things that older girls wouldn't been open to. I just had to take the chans and see what reaction I would get from her. So before I started my shower. I just started to pee so you could hear it was not the shower water hitting the floor. 

After that I started the shower and looked over to the other girl. And just told her I don't like to go on the toilets here. It's always wet everywhere. No nice feeling before you have got in the shower or the pool. So I decided to pee in the shower but couldn't hold it long enough to start the water to hide it from her. She just looked at me and said no worries. She alwas peed in the shower too. But discreet. Before she startet to laugh and then she said. Well soon time for the pool so that means time to pee. And she started to let it go. When she was done she smiled and said see you out there and winked at me before she left the shower room. That was the first time I realized that I got turned on seeing others pee in places they shouldn't.

- Yeah I don't know what have happened in the last years. But suddenly a lot more girls seems to be open about the idea to pee in the shower even in public. I love it. Jenny said with a big smile.

Sara and Lisa both agreed. Rachael could hardly belive what both her old friend and her new friends said they liked. But she couldn't say anything bad about it. Becuse she also liked that girls dare to just go in a shower when they need to. Without shame. She hopes it will be even more common and accepted. Soon they could hear Linda call them down for ice cream. While they enjoyd the evening and the company. Erika then revield what they had been taking about while the girls was upstairs. They wanted Mia and Racheal to call the mothers and ask if the could stay over night. And at the same time ask their mothers if the wanted to come and have a girls night over at Erikas toghether while their dothers had one here. All the girls loved that idea. So Mia and Racheal ran to the phone and asked their mothers.

Surprisingly enough both said they would come and get to know their daughters new friends and their mothers. Within an hour they arrived togheter. Mia's mother Carla and Rachel's mother Elliot. Everyone talked for a while about some random things until Erika said it was time to let the girls start their night alone. So the mothers left for Erikas and their daughters went in to Linda's house. The first thing the girls wanted to do was to preapar the beds and put everyone in the same room.

So they could lay there and talke as loong as they wanted to before they decide to sleep. It was tight to get all the beds in the same room but it did work. Jenny and Sara thought about sharing the doubble bed with Lisa. So Mia and Rachael could take the beds closer to them. Now when the sleeping arrangement was done they went back outside and started to kick a fotball around while they continued to talk and have a great time. When they have been passing arround for a while. Lisa feelt her bladder was almost full. So she let go while she waited for the ball. Mia was the first to notice what she was doing.

- Oh. It that kind of girls night then? She laught and pointed at Lisa so the other could see what she did.

- Of course it is. We all wet ourselves. So no need to hold it.

- Thats true. This will be a epic night.

- It sure will. Jenny said and let her pee flow trough her shorts and down her legs.

Rachael, Mia and Sara just smiled and started to get wet too. But it wasn't pee. Maybe teen minutes later Mia feelt she actually could pee too. So she followed the others lead and just let it go. The feeling she got was so nice. To be able to wet yourself infront of your friends without a care. Was the best feeling she ever feelt. Sara liked what she saw and just had to experince that wounderful feeling too. And soon her shorts got darker in the crotch and she feelt it going down her legs. Only Rachael was dry now. But that wouldn't last for long. The ball came past her and rolled against Mia. So Rachael ran past the ball and surprised the other girls. She ran to Mia. Gave her a hug and she slowly but her legs on each side of Mia's left leg. Then she let her bladder empty. Short after that Mia feelt Rachael's pee on her leg. She just laughed and said how dirty her friend was.

- Wow. That looked so hot. Jenny said and the others agreed.

- I just wanted to suprise her. And she was wet anyway. Rachael lauged back in reply.

- You sure did. And just so you know. It was a nice suprise. And I owe you one. Mia said and did suprise Rachael a bit by kissing her.

- I think you two are going to have a great time togheter when we get to bed. Lisa said both as a joke and not.

- Well you never know. Racheal said and winked at Lisa.

Later the girls decided it was time to go inside again and they decided to watch a movie before bed. When the movie ended the girls started to brush their teeth. Sara surprised Jenny with a hug from behind while they were preparing for bed. Lisa liked Saras idea. So she walked behind Mia and gave her a huge. Soon al the girls walked around and tried to hug one of the others from behind. The time it took to be ready for bed took much longer then usual. But after a while they were in the bedroom and everyone dicided to sleep in just their panties. No bra. Jenny took Lisa's hand and pulled her to the big bed where Sara already was laying. Rachael and Mia laughed when the saw it. But they wasn't surprised. But Jenny's suggestion was.

- Why don't you two share the bed beside us?

- Oh. Well I gues we could. But we have never done that before. We have been in bed toghether but never when almost naked like this. Mia said.

- Come on. Lets do it. I think it will be fun. Just look at how fun it looks for them to share a bed. Rachael said and took Mia's hand and lead her to the bed next to the others.

- Thats better. Jenny said with a big smile.

- So girls. What do you think about this girls night so far? Lisa asked.

- I love it. I have tried a lot of new things and loved every minut of it. Rachael said.

- Have to agree. So much has happened in my life since I meet you three. Mia said.

- Well I think all our lives has changed since we meet. Sara laughed.

- Oh it has. And I love how much we have been able to just pee in our clothes whitout a care and no one is judging you because of it. Thinking about all the times we wet ourself in the short time we have known each other. Makes me horny. Haha. Jenny said.

- Well. Then we have to do something. So you can go to sleep without feeling horny. Sara said.

She lifted the duvet and putt it at their feet. She then got on top of her girlfriend and started to make out with her. Slowly going lower on her body. Until she was between her legs and started to lick her. Jenny had do moan. The other girls looked at them and both Rachael and Mia was a bit shooked to see what was happening infront of them. Lisa wasn't. But she got really wet and wanted to come so much right now. So she took a gamble and got out of the bed and went to Rachael and Mia's bed. Removed the duvet from them and started to climb in between them.

- Don't look so shocked. They are a couple. You two said you just have fun togheter. Even if it was just kissing and touhing. Lets have some fun togheter right now and go all the way.

- Oh yes please. Rachael replyed and started to take her hand down Lisa's legs.

While Lisa started to guide her hand down Mia's body. Mia just thought why fight it. She really thought it was going to be her best night ever. And she was really wet and wanted to come too. Soon there whas a hand between every girls legs. Sara stopped licking Jenny and came back up so they could kiss and finger each other instead. Moaning was heard from them all. Even Mia and Rachael had started to kiss each other and even Lisa from time to time. Soon the girls came one after the other. Lisa climbed back to Jenny and Sara's bed. Everyone was now laying and catching their breath.

- Well this was the hottest thing I ever experinced in my whole life. Mia said between breaths.

- It really was. We have to do this again. Sara replayed.

- We really do. But not tonight. I don't think anyone of us have the energi for one more time. Rachael said and laughed.

- I think you are right. Well I think you can go to sleep now without difficulties Jenny.

- Oyes I think I will sleep better than ever after this. I will propably dream about this for many days to come.

- You wont be the only one. Mia laughed.

- Well the only thing left to do now before I can sleep totally relaxed. Is pee. Jenny said.

Just seconds after she said it, a hiss could be heard as Jenny let go in the bed. Soaking the sheets. Mia and Rachael looked at each other. Both thinking if Jenny really did what they thought she did.

- Mmm I can feel how much this relaxes me. Jenny said.

- And I can feel how much you needed that. You beat me to it. I was just about to go too. Lisa said.

Soon one more hiss could be heard and surprisingly enough. One more was heard and it was Sara that followed their lead.

- Wow. So you three are wetting the bed on purpose? It has to be hard to sleep in a wet bed. Mia asked.

- Yea we have been wetting the bed for a while. But we started this summer. And we have done it enough to not have problem with the wetnes. It's actually a really nice feeling to just let it go in bed instead of going up just to pee. We don't do it everyday. But after this. I just couldn't resist it. Jenny replied.

Rachael was listened to the conversation and tried to take it all in. And to Mia's suprise. Suddenly Rachael started to move and climbed on top of her. She started to rub her crotch against Mia's a bit. She stopped and smiled at her. Then Rachael started to pee. Mia was surprised that her friend with benefits she had become did. But it felt so good. She moaned and started to let her own bladder go. Rachael felt it and started to moan too. They both peed for almost half a minute. Meanwhile the three girls in the bigger bed was done peeing and now looked at the other two enjoying themselves. Rachael leaned down and gave Mia a kiss and at the same time pusched the last spurts of pee out. One last kiss and she climbed down from Mia and could not belive how good that felt and she was already looking forward to do it again some day.

- What a show you two gave us. Looked like you enjoyed it. Have we converted you to bedwetters to now? Sara asked.

- I loved it. And I will feel like wetting the bed again. I know I will. But it can't happen at home. Mia replayed.

- I know what you mean. I can't do it either. Thats why I take every chance I can when I'm here. Becuse here you can do it as much as you want to.

- Lets just say I have noticed a lot of things you can do here but not at home. Mia laughed.

- Okay girls. How about some sleep now? I think we all are happy with what we have done tonight. Jenny said.

- I'm definitely more than happy with this day and night. So yea lets get some sleep. Rachael replayed.

- So girls. God night and just so you have something to think about in addition to what just happened. I have an idea for tomorrow for us. How to start our day. So with that. God night.

All the girls said god night and started to think about what Jenny had planned for them in the morning. They could hardly wait.

*057*2021-11-28 10:57

The next chapter is here at last. And the wettings continue. And a put a thing in it just for lostINTHEstarz.

After inspiring me to put it in. It happened to fit in the story I already had in my head. So lets get it going.

The mothers has arrived at Erika's. They decide to talk outside on the patio. They each took a glass of wine and started to talk about their jobs to start with. Just to start up with something easy. Erika hoped that either Carla or Elliot had a interesting job to ask some questions about. So she could start to know them better. Well Elliot worked at a sports center with a indoor pool. That's a good start. Some questions could be interesting to get the answers to. Carla worked in a office and was a document analyst. Checking if everything is correct and understandable. Just because she couldn't come up with that many questions on that. She decided to start with Carla to save the most interesting to last.

- So Carla. I'm guessing you can type quite fast then?

- Well I suppose so. I hardly never have a tight time frame to check a document. But when you work with something for a long time. You learn how to do things faster.

- How long have you been doing it?

- I think it's around seven years now.

- Wow. I guess you think its fun then?

- I do. Because I can be invited to go to different conferences and that always leads to a weekend on a hotel somewhere. The free time we get there is the best. So much fun to talk and meet others that work in the same field as me.

- What's your favorite you been on so far?

- Hard to choose one. But one time a meet a woman and we started to talk about a lot of things when sitting around the pool and in the sauna. It turned out we both wanted the same type of house. A red house on the countryside. With no neighbors close by. Unfortunately I don´t remember her name or what company she worked for. But it was so much fun.

- Was that you?! Maria asked.

- Wait what? Do you remember something like this? Carla looked surprised.

- I do. I did exactly that for maybe five years ago. I travel a lot with my work, to this kind of conferences. I can't believe it's you. Wow this will be a great evening.

- Absolutely. What a good start. And before we turn it to a great evening. I need to go to the bathroom.

- Me too. Elliot said.

- Well. I have two bathrooms. One is on the second floor. So you don't have to wait.

- Perfect. We will be right back.

Elliot and Carla went inside to relieve themselves. They barely got inside before Erika started to walk towards the garden. The other women followed her without knowing why she walked to the grass and then stopped. She turn around and smiled at them.

- I just thought we are all wearing a summer dress. And I need to pee too, but this is a much funnier way to do it.

They all looked down at Erika's legs and saw that she was peeing them. She started as soon as she turned around to face the others. Maria and Linda looked at each other and smiled before they started to pee too. What a great feeling it is to be able to just let it go down your legs like this they all thought. When done they shacked their legs to get rid of some of the pee from them. Before they went back up on the patio. A couple of minutes later Carla joined them and short after that Elliot.

- So Elliot. I have never been at the sports center. Is it a gym there as well? Erika asked.

- Yes there is. It's quite a big gym actually. And we have tennis courts and the have started to build bowling alleys too now.

- Sound like I have to go there sometime and try it.

- You are more then welcome to do so. Maybe you can come when my shift ends. Then we can to something together.

- Sound great. In the pool do you have lifeguards there?

- There is at least one there al the time. We take turns. So sometimes it's me who has that job. I love my work. Just because you have different things to do everyday.

- That's good. Well I love to be in the pool so maybe we can use that?

- Sure. And after that we can relax in the Jacuzzi.

- Oh that's the perfect way to relax after a swim. I get so relaxed it them. Erika said and gave a discreet wink at Linda.

Linda knew what that wink meant. Getting that relaxed could only mean she pees in it. Linda knew she would do the same thing. Erika and Linda both wanted to ask Elliot some pee related questions. But the didn't want to get to that to fast. Neither Elliot or Carla knew the others peed in the pool and liked it. Linda thought about revealing that she do pee in pools. To test the water so to speak. How would they react to that? She decided to wait and bring the pool topic back later. They talked about all kinds of topics.

And Carla wanted to walk around and look at the garden. She did like to be in the garden and plant flowers. While they where standing around a apple-tree and Carla asked about what kind of apple it was and how long it will take to get some to grow. Meanwhile Linda took the opportunity too pee when Carla and Elliot was busy looking at the tree and Erika. Maria happened to look down just when Linda was almost done. But she saw what her friend did. And felt if Linda can do it, so could she. So she released her own pee and it went down her legs. They both managed to do it without the others noticing. So naughty to do it without the others unaware of what they did. They all walked around the garden for a little while before the went back to the patio. After talking about some TV programs and other things. Linda just had to ask Elliot some pee questions. Just to see how she would react to the topic. And Carla at the same time.

- So Elliot. I´m sorry but I just have to ask. I was thinking if we are going to the sports center and exercise in the gym. Swim in the pool and relax in the Jacuzzi. I have to at least ask. Does it happened that the pool users are busy training and don´t want to stop unnecessarily. And just pees in it?

- Well I don´t really know. It´s not like the customers tells us in the staff if they do. But I would´t be surprised if it did. Now when I think about it, I´m sure it does happened.

- I see. How about the Jacuzzi?

- It probably happens in there too. Some people are maybe getting a bit to relaxed in there. Others are doing it there because they can´t pee while they swim. But I´m just guessing.

But for Linda. That answer sounded a bit to specific. So she decides to ask another question.

- So when you have the lifeguard shift. Are you allowed to go to the bathroom?

- Well yes. Of course we are. But we have to tell the cashier so they can watch over the pool while we are gone.

- That´s good. If I had that shift and just had to pee. I probably would just go in the pool ha ha.

This joke and at the same time truth. Was maybe a bit to much. But Linda just had to see if her suspicion was correct or not.

- Eww. But at the same time not a bad idea. Carla laughed.

- Ha ha. Yeah. And to be honest. That´s what I do. If I really have to.

- Wow Elliot. Really? Erika asked.

- Yes I do. I know I shouldn't do it as a staff member. But I can´t be bothered to ask the others to cover for me every time I have to pee. It´s just pee. Not like I´m the only one.

- True. You are not alone. I always pees in the pool or in the shower afterwards.

- Same here. Linda said.

- Are you two serious? Carla said and looked a bit confused.

- Yes we are. Like Elliot says. It´s just pee. And it´s so convenient at the same time. Erika answered.

- Yeah I know. I was just kidding. I do too. Carla said and laughed.

The all laughed now and Erika,Linda and Maria was glad to find out that they have two new friends to pee in the pool with.

- This is great. We can be the pool peeing club. Ha ha. Linda said.

- That's not a bad idea. We are now the pool peeing club. Let´s plan the first meeting. Maria laughed while she said it.

- How about we do that later? All this talk about peeing has made me have to go. Erika said.

Carla agreed.

- So do you want to use the upstairs bathroom or the other one? Carla asked.

- Oh. You can use whichever you want. I´m already going. Erika said and smiled.

- Wait what? You are already going? Carla asked with a shocked face.

- Yes. Look down my legs.

Both Carla and Elliot looked down and saw pee coming down Erika´s legs. Their shocked faces slowly turned to smiles. Then they laughed.

- What´s so funny? I just had to go and this is like what we all are doing in the pool. Just lets it go.

- Yeah but this is not a pool. And the funny thing is that you look so relaxed. What about your panties? Carla asked.

- Oh they dry soon. Besides panties and bikinis are not that different. Just the material. Other then that. They get just as wet. From the pool for bikinis and the washing machine for the panties.

- That's a good point. But still. It´s your panties.

- She´s right. I need to pee to so now when Erika is done. It´s my turn. Linda says and lets her bladder empty it self.

- I might as well go too. Maria said and started to pee too.

- Wow I start to think you three have had this club for some time. And it not just pools you pee in. Obviously. Elliot says and points at the two peeing women.

- Maybe. Erika said and started to laugh.

Maria and Linda laughed too.

- Well. If this club involves this kind of thing. I better follow the founding members. Elliot said.

She closed her eyes and relaxed. Soon the others could see pee started to come down her legs. This was great. She knows the feeling from going through her bikini in the shower at the gym. She liked it. This was even better. The others looked at her and smiled. And while Elliot peed they heard a sigh. But it was not Elliot. To everyone's surprise. It was Carla. They al looked down Carla's legs. And sure enough there was pee going down them as well.

- What? I could´n be the only member that doesn't go all the way. Carla said with a smile.

They all smiled at her. Linda, Erika and Maria was so happy. They now had two new wetting friends. They don´t need to hide anymore. They can wet themselves at much as they wanted with their friends and just enjoy it. Now when all members had wet themselves and enjoyed it. The questions for the new members continued.

- So Carla. In your work. Have you seen a lot of desperation? Linda asked curiously.

- Well. On long meetings it can happen. I have seen people crossing their legs and shifting in their chairs. After some longer meetings it has happened to see someone running for the bathroom.

- Interesting. Any accidents?

- No. I can´t remember any. Even if I didn't know how good it feels to let it go. I would still remember if someone would had wet themselves.

- Ha ha that's true. Well Elliot. How about your workplace?

- Oh I have seen some desperation at the gym. And a lot of people running for the bathroom. In the pool area well, you know what we do. And others do it too. So I hardly never see anyone desperate there.

- Just what I suspected.

Before Linda could ask her next questions. Elliot did it for her.

- Accidents do happen. Not so often. But now and then it does. Most common place for people to lose control is on the trampolines. I have seen girls wet themselves on them. It´s hard to hold on if you really have to pee. It will come out sooner or later.

- Oh wow that´s just wow. I would love to see that.

- I know right. One time. This girl I know was on one of the trampolines and I used one of the others. We talked and jumped on them while doing some flips and what ever we came up with to get as much exercise as possible. After a while she stopped jumping and looked at me before telling me she just let some pee out. I stopped jumping too and asked if it was bad. She showed me and she was wet. I have seen worse I told her. She laughed and said. “Well if you say so. But I think I have to go and take a shower now.” I told her that she could get away with it and don´t have to worry. Lets jump five more minutes. She answered quickly. 

“Sure. We are nearly alone anyway. So I can walk out with a wet patch and probably go undetected anyway.” So we keep´t jumping. And just when we decided to go to the showers. I heard her say woops. And a bigger dark patch was visible. I said it still wasn't the worst I had ever seen. So we walked to the changing room and was just about to start to get undress and get ready for the shower. I thought she was going to pee in the showers because she didn't stop at the bathroom when we walked past them. 

Just when I was taking my pants of she asked me if it really wasn't the biggest wet patch from a accident I seen in the gym. It really wasn't that big. So she started to laugh and said “okay. How about now?” And then her pants got even darker when she just stood there laughing while she wet herself. I just laughed and said asked why she's doing it. She just said she was wet anyway and everything is going to the wash after every workout anyway. When she was done and we were both ready for the shower I said it was the biggest wet patch I ever seen. Laughing we went to the showers where I peed.

- Wow what a story. Did she ever do that again?

- No. That was the only time. But she and I have been peeing in the showers together a lot of times after that.

- Let´s us hope she will be there when we are there. And she will see someone else wet themselves on the trampoline as well . But I will do it on purpose. Linda laughed.

- Sounds like a plan. Elliot said and joined the others in laughter.

- I just have to hide the evidence from my daughter if I wet myself in the gym. Or somewhere else really.

- Don´t worry Elliot. You don't have to hide for your daughter. Neither are you Carla.

- Why not? I don't want her to see that her mother has wet herself. Even if she thinks it was a accident. Elliot answered.

- Well. She's with our daughters. And Jenny, Sara and Lisa wets themselves on purpose too. It actually was Jenny and Sara that got me interested in trying it myself. And now I'm hooked.

- Do you think Mia will try it too then?

- I think so. Or she will at least see them wet themselves at some point. So I think you would be fine.

- Oh I see. Well then. Maybe I will try it at the gym then. Just once at least.

- Well ladies. How about we get inside now and watch some TV before we end this awesome night? Erika asked.

- Sure. Sounds good. Let´s go. Both Carla and Elliot answered.

- Wait. I'm just going to pee first. Linda said.

All the other mothers thought this was a good idea. And soon all five of them was peeing down their legs. And the recently formed peeing in the pool club that's now need to change it´s name to something better. Peeing casually club maybe. Well they will have a lot of time to decide what the club will be called. But the first night was almost over for the members. Later when Carla was in bed she was thinking what her daughter and her friends had been doing. If she only knew how much new things her daughter had experienced. She would probably be shocked or maybe even jealous.

*060*2021-12-18 13:13

Morning came and Elliot was the first of the mothers to wake up. She looked around on the other members of the club still sleeping. She thought about what happened that day before. To see so many mothers wet themselves on purpose when outside like that when they needed. And on top of that. Talk about how much they like it and situations where they had experienced someone doing it or themselves. But she didn't mind at all. This was great. The freedom to go down your legs and have friends doing the same thing. None of them minded. The thing that worried her was how and when she would dare to go in front of her daughter. Even if Linda said their daughters did wet themselves as well.

She was still nervous for doing it the first time. Just then Erika woke up. And the others started to woke up too. Within five minutes everyone was awake and ready to get up from their beds. Linda thought about how much she would love to be at home now so she could do her morning pee in bed. She really had to go and would never hold it if she was at home. But she knew she couldn't do it in her friends guest bed. They have all peed down there legs. But the others don't know she lets go in the bed too. They went to the kitchen and started to make breakfast. With a sandwich in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other.

They decided to go outside and eat on the patio. They stood side by side and just the railing to put their cups on. Linda has been looking forward to go outside like this since she woke up. Finally she could pee. She let her bladder empty it self and let her morning pee warm her legs. She could´t resist to moan in relief. The others looked over at her when she did it. They saw Linda's pee going down her legs and started to laughed. It was time for the first club pee. This was the first day for them all to do it first thing in the morning like this. One by one they joined Linda. All members now had pee going down their legs and it was great. What a feeling to start a new day with.

When everyone was mid stream. The mail carrier came to deliver the morning paper. The members didn't worry. It was maybe ten meters or so to the mailbox and the railing will probably hide what they are doing. So the just continued the pee. The girl delivering the paper saw them and waved. Linda shouted god morning to her, now finished peeing. And the girl responded. Then she just stood there looking at the mothers. Linda was now the only one that didn't pee. Erika thought maybe the girl wants to talk to her about something to do with the mail. She just had to let the last spurt of pee out first. When she was done she shook her legs a bit trying to be discreet doing so. Carla, Elliot and Maria was done peeing to now. They staid on the patio while Erika started to walk to the girl. When she was close to the girl she smiled.

- God morning. Nice day isn't it?

- God morning. It really is.

- It looks like you wanted to say something and as I live here I thought I might as well ask.

- Well yea sorry for staring. I'm not that good at talking with people yet. I'm new on this route. And when I saw all of you standing there enjoying the morning. I didn't know if I should introduce myself or not. I guess it took me too long to decide.

- Don't worry. You are just trying do be nice and start the new route with a good impression. And you do. You looked so happy waving at us.

- Thank you. Well some of you had a big smile and others where really enjoying the morning by closing their eyes and just let the morning feeling sink in. And to be honest I was a bit jealous about it.

- I don't blame you. Even if the weather is nice. It would be even nicer if you didn't have to work in it.

- Yeah I would love to be free today. Oh by the way I'm Ashley.

- Erika. Nice to meet you. And I might as well get the others down her to meet you too. You are going to deliver to most of them anyway.

Erika turned to the others and let them know she wanted them to come. When everyone was there they introduced themselves to Ashley. The other mothers described where they lived just so Ashley knew who lived in what house. They talked about their jobs and what ever they felt like. Just to get to know each other better.

- Well. I better get back to work now. But you are all so nice. I don't want to leave.

- You are really nice too. Would love to talk al day. Erika said.

- Maybe I can come here when I'm not working and just hang out with you and everybody else here if you want too.

- Of course we do. All the mothers said as one.

- Great. Looking forward to it. Yeah I really have to go now. So everyone can get their morning paper. And I actually start to feel like I need to pee if I'm honest.

- Oh I see. Is that way they have given you dark blue pants? Just to hide it, in case you can't hold it. Erika said and laughed.

- Ha ha. Never thought about it like that. But you never know how they think when coming up with the colors for working clothes. Ashley laughed too.

- Good when its raining and nobody knows if it's pee or water. And now when it hot your legs will dry fast and your shorts color hide the evidence what happened. Erika continued to joke and at the same time say what she thought Ashley should do.

- Ha ha yea. It looks like some of you has done just that. Your legs are wet. Ashley said and pointed at Carla,Maria and Elliot's legs laughing.

- Oh that. We just took a shower and didn't feel like we had to dry ourselves when the sun can do the work for us. Carla replayed in a bit of a panic. She wasn't ready to let others than members in the club know about her wettings.

- I see. Clever. I have to try that sometime. Well have a nice day. See you around. Ashley said and waved goodbye to the mothers.

When Ashley was out of earshot Carla turned to the others and looked shocked.

- She saw what we had done. She saw the pee.

- Calm down. She said it as a joke. I don't think she understood that it really was pee. And even if she did. It was a laugh for her. She didn't look disgusted or anything. She just smiled and laughed with us. Not against us. And you saw how she took my joke about the clothes.

- Yeah but you didn't joke. You really wanted her to just let it go.

- Well maybe a little. I just said what I should have done. And now when we are alone again. I can do just that. Ahh.

A small trickle was coming down her legs. Erika just stood there and smiled.

- You really are such a peester. Elliot said.

- Peester? What's that. Linda asked.

- Well she is a tease others about pee. So she's a peester.

- What a great word. Never heard that before.

- I'm not sure it exist or if I came up with it just now. But it fits.

- It really does. Carla said.

They went back to the patio and started to talk about all sorts of things. They never told each other when they peed. The just did it when they felt like it. Sometimes they saw another member pee and just smiled at how casual everyone is with this.

- Well girls should we get ready to go to Linda's in time to start dinner with our daughters?

- Sounds like a plan. Time to get dressed properly. Elliot said.

They all went inside and started to put the bedding in the wash basket and clean up after their great evening and night. Then it was time to get dressed and head out. All the members looked over at Erika where a splashing sound was heard. She was holding her shorts in front of her looking at them and just stood there and peed at the same time.

- So now you are peeing on the floor as well? Carla asked a bit surprised.

- Yeah. I felt I had some left and thought I'm going too mop the floor anyway so no harm in letting it go. Besides we are the pee casually club.

- Well yes we are. But we have just done it outside before.

- That's why I wanted to try it inside as well. But I didn't want to go through my shorts. Not yet anyway. But through my panties is nice and they will be hidden by my shorts.

- Sounds like a plan. Linda said and started to pee too.

- Might as well join in. Maria said and did just that.

- Good choice. Anyone else need to go? Just take this chance and do it. There is puddles on the floor anyway.

Carla and Elliot looked at each other, smiled and let go too. When everyone was done. Erika gave everyone a towel to wipe their puddles with. She didn't want to risk the floor getting stained.

- Well then. Lets go to my place then. Linda said.

And all the members in the pee casually club went out the door.

Morning came at Linda's house and Jenny was the first to wake up. She was spooning Sara and felt Lisa's hand on her back. She smiled and let her morning pee go. She moaned when she felt the warmth spreading through her panties and in the bed under her. Sara woke up when she could feel her lovers morning pee. She just smiled. When she thought Jenny was done. It was her turn to go. So she did. Jenny felt the bed get wetter and knew it was not because of her pee anymore. She slowly moved her left hand down to Sara's panties and started to touch her from behind while Sara continued to pee. Jenny felt the warm pee ran though her fingers and closed her eyes to enjoy the feeling as much as possible. Sara moaned when the felt the touch from her lover and also because it was so nice to wet the bed.

Suddenly Jenny felt Lisa's hand move. If she was awake our not she didn't know. But she soon found out. When she felt Lisa kissing her neck. Lisa was spooning her while she spooned Sara and felt her pee on her hand. Lisa came a little closer to her and gave her another kiss. Before she whispered in Jenny's ear” God morning”.

And soon Jenny could feel Lisa had started to pee too now. Just when Sara's came to an end. This was like a dream. How lucky they where to have it like this. Lisa kept kissing Jenny's neck while she peed. Until she was empty. Lisa started to take of her panties and when they were of. She started to get Jenny's off. She then slowly started to climb over Jenny and stayed on top of her. They started to grind their pussy's against each other. Jenny took one hand and placed it on Sara's breast and started to touch it. Meanwhile Lisa took one of her hands down to Sara's pussy and started to finger her. They started to moan and Sara came first. Followed by Jenny and Lisa. Who both moaned so high when they came the woke both Rachael and Mia up. They both sat up and saw Lisa on top of Jenny.

- Looks like you started this day in the best way possible. Mia said and smiled at her friends.

- Yeah. The memories from yesterday made me so horny. Lisa said while she caught her breath.

- You are not the only one. I have been dreaming about us peeing together all night. Rachael said before she climbed on top of Mia.

Mia looked deep in Rachael's eyes and couldn't resist to smile and pulled Rachael closer so they could kiss. After a long kiss Rachael just sat on Mia with a big smile. She then closed her eyes and started to pee. Mia felt what her friend was doing and had to pull her closer so they could kiss while Rachael peed on her. While kissing Mia moved her hand down to her friends panties. To feel the pee coming through the fabric was fantastic. She got even wetter. And it wasn't just from pee. When Rachael finally was empty. Mia looked at her and smiled before telling her it was her turn now.

So the girls just rolled over to Rachael's side of the bed and now Mia was on top. They had just move in to position when Mia let go. It was now Rachael's time to return the favor. She was touching her friends panties for a while. Before she put her hand inside the panties. She kissed Mia and touched her in just the right spot. Mia had not even stopped to pee before she came. With the remaining pee she moved in too position to let it go right on her friends pussy. This was the last thing Rachael needed and she came hard. Mia staid on top of her with a big smile. Jenny, Lisa and Sara started to clap their hands to show how much they liked the show. Everyone was just laying and enjoying the experience they just had. Enjoying each others body's from time to time as well.

- Now girls. We have been laying here for a long time now. So maybe we should get up and make breakfast. Jenny said.

- Sounds good to me. Mia said.

- Well before we do that. I think I need to take a shower first. Someone wet the bed this morning ha ha.

- Weird. Someone wet my bed too. Rachael said and laughed.

- Do anyone remember I said I have a plan for this morning?

- Yes I do. Mia said.

- Okay. I have given everyone a number. And the way this works is. You say a number between one and five. And the one that has the number you choose. Will be your shower buddy. And because we are uneven one of us will be lucky to shower twice with another friend or lover if you are really lucky.

Everyone loved this idea. And the girls ended up in pairs. Jenny and Mia. Rachael and Lisa. Rachael was the lucky one who would shower twice. Lisa first then with Sara. Jenny and Mia was first. So the went in the shower. Meanwhile the other girls was laying in bed and talked while they waited. Soon they heard Mia laugh followed by Jenny. When they came out of the shower they both smiled and said next couple.

- What was so funny in there? Lisa asked.

- Well we had a bit of fun in there. Touching each other and peeing together. Jenny said.

- Oh I see. Sounds fun. So Rachael be ready we are going to have a nice shower together too.

- Fine by me. Rachael replayed and sprinted towards the shower.

The others laughed at how keen she was. After sometime they heard Lisa's loud moan.

- Sounds like they really enjoy each other in there. Mia said with a smile.

After some time Lisa came back to the room with a big smile. Looking at Sara and showed her it was her turn. So she walked in to the bathroom to join Rachael in the shower.

- So what did you two do in there? Sounded like you really enjoyed it. Jenny asked curiously.

- You didn't say much about what you did so I'm not going too either. What I can say is we did just what you did. It was a lot of touching and some peeing of course.

Rachael and Sara was the couple who took the longest time to get back in the room. When they both finally got back to the room. Both with a big smile on their faces. They gave each other a hug and kissed before the girls started to finally get dressed. The girls went down stairs and started to make breakfast. When they had eaten it was later in the day then the thought. Maybe the morning fun lasted a bit to long. No that can't be it. That sort of fun can never take to much time. The girls was just watching some TV. They planed to go outside soon. When it knocked on the door.

- May as well go outside now when I have to open the door.

Jenny said before turning the TV off and the other girls followed her to the door. When she opened the door, their mothers was standing there.

- Hi girls. Having a good time? Linda asked.

- Yes we do. Thank you. And how about you mom?

- Oh it has been great. Lots of talking and getting to know each other quite well.

- That's nice. So what's the plan for today then?

- We came here so we could maybe do some food and eat dinner together. If that's okay?

- Great idea. Lets do that. But can we eat a bit later? We had a late breakfast.

- Uh sure. We can just talk and enjoy the sun for awhile.

They all went outside and was standing in the front of the house. They talked for a bit about the day before without getting in to the naughty details. Erika told the daughters that they planned to go to the gym one day because Elliot was working there. They all thought that sounded alright and agreed to join them. Maybe not the first time but if the decide it's good enough for a second visit. They were open to come with them. Then they heard the mailbox lid slam down. They turned to see why. And saw Ashley standing there waving at them.

- Hi again. On your way back home now? Linda asked.

- Hi. Yes. I take one side of the street when I'm starting my shift and the other on the way home.

- I see. Have you had time to pee yet?

- Yes I have. Ashley said and started to laugh. Pointing at her pants before she waved and started to walk away.

Carla went close to Linda and asked if she thought Ashley really wet herself or just joked about it. Linda didn't know what to think. Their daughters was really confused. Jenny walked closer to her mother.

- What was that about?

- I will tell you later. Linda replayed.

*064*2022-05-09 15:57

{{On 4/29/2022 at 2:31 AM, cjm3rcl1n3 said:

Nothing new for a few months, busy or just a writer's block? If I could make a suggestion, maybe have the girls (some , all, or just the 2 main girls) visit a mall nearby, try on leggings, pee in them, enjoy it so much they cum, then when they have to pee on the way home, the mom who's driving (maybe both their moms who went their separate ways from their daughters and peed themselves while shopping) let them wet themselves in the car, and they all do it. Hope for more awesome chapters!

}}

It´s writer's block combined with being busy. I have a bit of a problem to find the time to write a chapter atm. And frankly I thought it wasn't that many that wanted any more chapters from me. So that didn't help to try to take the time even if I could. But apparently I was wrong. There is more readers waiting then I thought. Thank you for your comment. Really appreciate it.

*066*2022-07-14 16:26

The girls started to prepare for dinner. They walked to the back of the house and Linda lit the grill. When she turned towards her new friends and their daughters she felt happiness. She knows it's not a dream. But it really felt like one. All the new friends and on top of that she have found something , the feeling it gives her and as a bonus it turns her on too. Even better is she can do it with everyone there around her without hesitation. What she didn't know was that her daughter and her friends took it one step farther. They not only wet themselves but they peed on each other and used their hands and tongues to get each other to come as well.

Secretly Linda has fantasized about Erika, Rachel and herself doing the same thing. She thought it would be one step to far for Carla and Elliot. But they have surprised her before so who knows. Maybe one day she will experience this fantasy of hers with one or more of her friends. The pee casual club is way better then she ever thought would happen in her life. So if the just peed and wet themselves together she is more than happy with that. Soon it was time to but the steaks on the grill. And while they waited for the food to be ready they all threw a Frisbee to each other. They casual talk was mixed with some jokes. When Linda walked back to the grill to see if the steaks where done her daughter soon followed her.

- Mum. I really have to pee now. I need to go.

- Why are you telling me? You knew you can just let it go. Well I don't mined if you tell me of course. We both do it so its perfectly normal.

- I know I can wet myself. But not everyone here wet themselves.

- Yes they do. Every single one here has wet themselves on purpose.

- What? They have? So Carla, Elliot and Maria has done it too?

- Yes they have. In fact when we drank our morning coffee today on the patio. We all took our morning pee standing there. Just letting the pee flow down our legs. It was great. And if that isn't enough to convince you we all peed on the floor in Erika's bedroom when changing clothes.

- Wow. That's sounds to good to be true.

- Trust me. We really did it. And they like it. I will bring it up when we eat. So you can hear for yourself what we did and what we have started as well.

- Great looking forward to it. Well then. Now when I know its free game to keep going like we have done the last couple of days. I can't hold it anymore.

- Go for it. Linda said with a smile.

Just seconds later pee was flowing down Jenny's legs and her short darkened quickly between her legs. She been holding it for some time. So she really had to go. Linda smiled at her daughter before she took the plate with steaks and walked towards the table. When she was putting down the plate she told the others in a high voice that the dinner was ready. And they would eat as soon as Jenny was done peeing. Jenny felt a bit embarrassed for her mother to tell the others what she was doing. But when she saw the others just looking at her and smiled. The embarrassment disappeared and she could enjoy the feeling of letting it go.

When she was almost done everyone except for Carla was sitting around the table. Carla looked, smiled and winked at her. Jenny gave her a smile back when she saw Carla's legs glister with pee. She just had to give Carla a thumbs up and a even bigger smile. Before she began to walk to take a seat. Now everyone was sitting except of Carla. But nobody said anything about it. They all knew what she was doing so they just waited for her to finish. Soon she was done and because she felt like it she let a moan out before sitting down. The others just smiled and some of them even laughed a bit.

- Well I thought now would be a good time to talk about what we all did this morning and yesterday. So we can really enjoy ourselves as much as possible. Linda said.

- Sure. I think my daughter has figured it out already. Carla said with a laugh.

Soon they all talked about all the peeing they have done. But the daughters did not talk about how the made each other come or the bed wetting. They all thought it was best to save that for later when their mothers seemed ready to hear about it. Even if Linda already knew about Sara and Jenny she didn't know that all the others daughters also did the same thing. When they gone through most of the peeing related things they all done and a lot of laughs on the way. When it went quite for the first time in half an hour. A hiss could be heard.

- Well I think it's time to tell you about our new club. Erika said while she peed in her chair.

- Love to hear about the club and the hiss from you. Linda said and laughed.

The others joined in and started to laugh too.

- So this was an idea we got yesterday when we where peeing down our legs. We felt like a secret club with a special secret. So we thought why not start a club? Erika said still peeing.

- Interesting. Tell us more. Mia said.

- Well we thought a fitting name for a club where the members pees down their legs and wet themselves pretty much everywhere they felt like it if the owner of the place said it was okay to wet there. Was the pee casual club. Erika said when her bladder finally was empty.

- What a great name. Sara shouted.

- It is. And I think the member count just doubled. Am I right? Linda asked.

All the daughters said yes with big smiles. Followed by another hiss. This time it came from Mia.

Elliot looked at her daughter and just smiled. She was happy to see her let it go and enjoy it without being ashamed about it. This is the way a summer should be. Enjoying yourself and can do what you like to do without anyone judging you for doing it. We all really living the summer dream right now. Elliot felt she could pee but it wasn't much. So she decided to hold it for a while longer. She wanted to feel it going down her legs for a longer time than what it would have done if she let go right now. It will be so much better when you have to wait for it a bit more. Mia on the other hand already felt the lovely feeling that comes from a wetting. Although it was soon over when her bladder had no more to release. Oh the warmth around her ass and around her pussy was great. She loved the feeling. It will be hard not the wet herself when the summer is over. But that will be a later problem to take care of. For now she and her friends can enjoy themselves as much as the want and can.

Rachael started to feel the need now. And she already knew Jenny, Carla, Erika and her mother had already wet themselves. She decided that even do she don't have do go that bad it was time to officially join the club. And soon she felt her ass getting wet and her shorts got darker. It wasn't hissing so she didn't think anyone knew what she was doing. But she thought it would be a nice surprise for the others to see her wet ass when they stand up. If her shorts doesn't dry before then. Meanwhile Jenny felt like re wetting her shorts. She really had to push just to get a short spurt to come out. But it was enough for her to feel it and that was all that mattered.

Jenny looked over at Sara. The girls smiled at each other and Sara thought she knew that what her lover had done. She loved this moments. She didn't have to go yet. But she loved to see Jenny wet or re wet herself. She also was looking forward to later tonight when she hopes they will make each other come. Just the thought about it made her wet and ready to come. Oh the temptation to touch Jenny's pussy was strong. But she had to wait and it will be worth it. Mia had to ask the others. She can't be the only one with concerned about the colder days that will come.

- So girls. I'm a bit worried that when summer is over its going to be hard not to get the feeling to wet myself I think. Does anyone else feel the same thing?

- I'm a bit worried about that. But I have a plan to keep doing it from time to time all year around. Sara said.

- Oh do tell. Maybe it's something I can do as well.

- It's simple really. When I know it wash day I will stand in the shower and just wet myself. That way I can get the feeling and the clothes gets washed soon afterwards. Plus no one will know what I have done. Well you will know what I have done on wash days mum.

- Oh that's okay darling. If I can I will do the same thing. We can do it more in the open if only you and me are at home.

- Really? How much more open?

- Well. As you know, everyone that slept at our house last night peed on the floor. So we can do that somewhere. And after that just mop the floor.

- Wow love that idea mum. Thank you.

- Well I like it as well so it's not just for you. Erika said with a laugh.

- I like that plan. I will do that on wash day as well if I can. On the floor is probably taking it to far. But I would love to do that too. Mia really wanted to do it on the floor sometime.

- Well darling. You are welcome to wet yourself in the shower before we wash our clothes. I will probably do the same thing from time to time. And I can promise that I will let you do it on the floor at least one time before the winter is over. But only if we are alone and that you won't be surprised to see me doing it too. Agreed?

- Really mum? Yes I would love to try it with you sometime. And meanwhile I will wet myself every wash day I can.

- Sounds good to me. And you will not be the only one all the time either.

- This is great to hear. Everyone so far will keep on wetting. And well I will also copy your plans. Rachael said.

- I don't know if I want to do it in the winter. But I don't know how I feel about it when the time for indoor days comes back. Carla said.

- Mum I think after a while you want do to it too. Especially when you know I have done it.

- You are probably right. But no wetting on the floor in any other room than the bathroom. In there you can just use your towel and dry it up with before we start the washing machine.

- That's fine. I'm more than happy that you even suggest the bathroom floor.

What Carla didn't say was she had a surprise for her daughter that she has thought about since this discussion started. But she wanted to see the reaction when she tells her out of the blue when they are back at home.

- Jenny and I will probably do what we had already done a couple of times. We have both wet ourselves in the kitchen. And our beds.

Jenny was shocked. Her friends all knew about it and they have all been doing it too. But none of the other mothers knew about it. Even if they would never sleep in a bed in their house. She don't want them to think they have taken it to far.

- What? You wet the bed? On purpose? Erika asked a bit shocked.

- Jenny and Sara did it first. But I thought I liked to wet myself after they inspired me to try that. So I gave the bed wetting a try and liked that as well. None of us does it everyday. Its just something we do from time to time when we wake up really horny.

- Mum!

- Sorry darling. But I think everyone here knows that wetting turns us on.

- Yea I think we knows and it turns us on as well so you don't have to worry. Elliot said.

- So when you slept at my house. Was it hard not to wet the bed?

- No Erika it wasn't. I thought about how nice it would have been if I could just let it go. Because I really had to pee. But I have to say that the morning started even better. To see my friends just standing beside me and wetting themselves.

- Just had to ask. And you are right this morning was great.

They others agreed. It was the best morning they had for a very long time.

- So Mia. Bed wetting? How many times have you done it?

- Mum. I only slept one night here. So twice.

- Twice? Did you wake up in the middle of the night?

- No. We wet the bed before we went to sleep and again when we woke up.

- We? So all of you wet the bed?

- Yes we did. We where two in each bed. And both of us peed.

- Wow. That sounds like it would be so wet. None of you had a hard time to fall asleep?

- No not at all. We did fall asleep in minutes after we peed.

All the daughters started to laugh. The mothers looked at each other and shocked their heads. They thought about asking why they laughed but decided not to.

- Well how about we clear the table and throw a bit more with the Frisbee? Jenny suggested.

- Why not. We can talk at the same time. Lets start with the dishes.

Short after they where done they stood in a circle and started to throw the Frisbee again.

- So does anyone have any suggestions to what we should do this evening? Jenny asked.

- How about some Yatzy? Mia suggested.

- Okay we have a suggestion. Anyone else?

No more suggestions came. Everyone thought it would be a god way to end this day.

- How about we play it on the outdoor furniture? Maria asked.

- Sure. I don't think its going to be cold. Linda replied.

- That's good. I hoped we could sit there so if we need to pee. We don't have to stop.

- Wow Maria. You really start to get in to this.

- Honestly I have wet myself for a while. So I used to it.

- And if we keep doing this together you will not be alone. I have started to get used to it too.

- Well there is worse things to get used to. Maria said with a laugh.

Jenny throw the Frisbee a bit to hard at her mother. So hard she missed it and it landed on the gravel path leading to the house. When Linda had bent down and picked it up. She hold it in her hands before she shouted to the others “Pee break!” She let go of her bladder after holding it since they ate. Her shorts got darker between her legs and pee was going down her legs. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the warm feeling. Mid flow she heard a voice behind her.

- So you wasn't joking when you told me my pants was dark enough to hide the pee if I wet myself. You really suggested me to do it.

- Oh. Hi Ashley.

