Detection

Author: Maya

*000*2021-08-15 01:16

After a long hiatus, I'm back to writing. I'm planning on at least five chapters, but I'll see how long I can keep it going. If you share the story, please credit me.

Please let me know what you think!

Chapters involve female desperation and/or wetting and occasional humiliation - other topics some people might not be interested in will be labeled if appropriate.

Chapter 1

Maribel sipped the last of her water bottle, tossed it into a mall recycling bin and headed to a bathroom. She’d been at the mall all afternoon, and that water bottle hadn’t been the first one. Pressure was building between her legs, and Maribel was looking forward to relieving it. She got into a stall and got ready to pull up her short, grey skirt when she noticed a familiar symbol on the toilet. It looked like a miniature police badge with a bright yellow teardrop in the middle. Or pee-drop?

Dammit, Maribel thought. Another detection toilet. She’d seen them before, occasionally. The toilets scanned urine for DNA profiles matching fugitives and digitally sent ‘hits’ to local police.

It shouldn’t have mattered. Why couldn’t the past just be the past? Maribel was a law abiding, tax paying citizen now. She’d only been the getaway driver a few times as a teen for some friends who’d had the brilliant idea to rob banks. They were good at it, too. Great at it even, until the moment they got caught.

Marisol, as she was known then, had skipped bail and used her ill-gotten gains to stay hidden. Enough money, it turned out, could buy excellent forged identification documents, cosmetic surgery – even a college education. Marisol was supposed to be gone for good, yet now a mistake as simple a pissing into the wrong toilet could resurrect her.

Despite knowing what the result would be, Maribel checked the other empty stalls. Each taunted her with the same shiny, white porcelain monstrosity. It wasn’t fucking fair. Ignoring her bladder’s twinges of protest, Maribel picked up her shopping bags, exited the bathroom and headed for the parking lot.

Finding her car easily, Maribel began her drive home. A few minutes in, she found herself squirming a bit in her leather seat. What are you, a child? Maribel scolded herself. It will be fine – I’ll find a gas station or something.

The gas station up the road from the nearest exit seemed like just the oasis Maribel was looking for. She opened the bathroom door, sure that a gas station bathroom of all places would be free of those awful new toilets. And yet to her dismay, there it sat – another gleaming white detection toilet. FUCK!!!

And so, for the second time that afternoon, Maribel left the bathroom with her bladder as full as when she’d entered.

“Nice, isn’t it” a gas station attendant commented as Maribel headed towards her car.

“What?” Maribel was confused.

“The new toilet – the city installed it for free. Good thing too – kept having to service the last one.”

“Yeah…..it’s nice.” Maribel replied. Perfectly nice, Maribel thought. Everything about it is just great except for the part where I can’t actually use it!

Maribel got back into her car frustrated and very uncomfortable. I’ll pee when I get home, she told herself, hand wedged firmly against her crotch. This is fucking ridiculous. You’re not gonna wet yourself in your own damned car. Just hold it.

Somehow the drive home was both a blur and in slow motion all at the same time. But Maribel made it home, shoved her key into her apartment’s lock and rushed to the bathroom with her continence and most of her dignity intact. What Maribel found made her stare in disbelief and total shock. Right there, in her own bathroom was a shiny, new detection toilet with its stupid authoritarian logo practically mocking her.

WHAT THE EVER LOVING FUCK IS GOING ON?!!!! I’M GONNA CALL THE DAMNED MAINTENANCE GUY AND FIND OUT WHO DID THIS! THIS IS MY APARTMENT AND….” Maribel’s furious internal diatribe was interrupted by an unmistakable hissing sound. She twisted her legs together desperately but the piss just kept coming. Maribel could hardly believe what was happening as her short grey skirt rapidly darkened and hot piss ran down her legs to the fluffy bath mat below. Maribel had wet herself inches away from the toilet.

After drying herself off and regaining her composure, Maribel got on the phone.

“You know this line is for emergencies only, Maribel.”

“This is an emergency, Mike! How could you let someone replace my toilet without telling me?”

“The city came and replaced all the toilets. They didn’t tell us in advance. But they’re free and much better than the ones we had before. Apparently it’s part of some new criminal apprehension kick the mayor’s on. Don’t you like yours?”

Maribel didn’t want to sound like a crazy person, or worse, someone who had a suspicious reason to not want a detection toilet in their home.

“Actually, it is very nice. I just like to know when people are in my apartment is all. It feels like an invasion of privacy.”

“Totally understandable. Sorry for the intrusion. Anything else I can do for you?”

“No, I’m sorry for being rude.”

“No problem – have a good night”.

Maribel’s hands shook as she ended the call, and she tried not to hyperventilate. This was bad – worse than she could have ever imagined. What the fuck was she going to do?

*002*2021-08-15 17:21

Chapter 2

The alarm clock’s unpleasantly shrill beeping jolted Maribel awake, as it did every work day. Unwilling to open her eyes just yet, she reached for it blindly. After a few moments of fumbling, she found the switch to turn it off. Blessed silence.

Maribel rolled over in bed, tempted to sleep just a bit longer. The bed was so soft, so comfortable. Like she could stay right there, her otherwise nude body wrapped in a cocoon of blankets forever. Maribel turned over again. With her brain’s return to nearly full consciousness came the growing awareness that she couldn’t, in fact, stay in bed for much longer at all. Maribel groaned and squeezed her bare legs together.

Ughhh, she thought. I need to pee.

After forcing herself out of bed, Maribel groggily headed towards the bathroom and instinctively sat on the toilet. The moment her ass made contact with the cold porcelain, she remembered – just as her body prepared to release the considerable amount of pee that had slowly inflated her bladder as she slept.

NO I CAN’T PEE HERE!

Maribel’s hands rushed to her crotch, catching the small drops of pee that had begun to escape. Her eyes were wide, her pulse quick. That was close. Too close.

YOU’RE 26 – YOU CAN CONTROL YOURSELF!

Still pressing on her pussy, Maribel practically leaped into the shower. It was finally safe to let go. Removing her hands, Maribel sighed and relaxed, putting her head back a little as the pee gushed out of her, thoroughly wetting her legs and feet on its way to the shower drain. She hadn’t thought about it before, but it felt so good to pee.

Empty at last, Maribel fumed. The detection toilet sat there invitingly, patiently waiting for her to slip up. If she dared pee in it even once, Maribel’s carefully constructed life would be gone in an instant. She lived alone. No one would believe that someone broke into Maribel’s apartment just to pee and then run off. She would be exposed as the fugitive she was and hauled off to prison.

I can’t get caught, I just can’t, Maribel resolved.

Maribel pulled her shower curtain forward and turned on the water. Was it silly to think of the shower curtain as a vinyl barrier between her and the innocuous looking mechanical spy now in her bathroom?

As she washed her body, smoothing soap suds over her breasts, stomach and especially between her so recently pee soaked legs, Maribel considered how to deal with this….this situation. As tempting as it was to duct tape the toilet’s lid down, that would look really suspicious if someone had to come repair something in her apartment or if she had a friend over.

I’ll have to just keep the lid down but not taped, she realized. I’ll have to learn to manage.

As Maribel finished her shower and dried herself, her thoughts turned to how to manage once she left the relative safety of her home. After all, although it wasn’t ideal peeing in the shower wasn’t so bad. She could get used to it. There were showers at the gym, too. But what about work? What about restaurants? What about going to the movies? What about bars? What about……..practically everywhere?

Glancing at the clock, Maribel realized she had to head out soon or risk being late to work. So she quickly dressed, applied some makeup and then grabbed a half liter, wide mouthed sports bottle, the one she usually went running with, from a kitchen cabinet. The bottle fit easily into her purse. As Maribel left home and started her daily walk to the subway, she smiled, satisfied that she’d found a suitable solution. She wouldn’t be caught so easily.

*003*2021-08-15 20:43

Chapter 3

“Good morning, Maribel”

Maribel looked away from her work computer to see her colleague, Nick, the junior analyst she shared her office with, standing at her desk with two coffee cups in hand.

“Want one? Milk and one sugar.”

“Sure – thank you!”

The bank headquarters offered free coffee to employees, but you had go to the 2nd floor cafeteria to get it. It was to encourage “cross-pollination of ideas” and “synergy”, as an especially cringe-worthy corporate training video put it. The corporate buzzwords were straight out of 2015.

Nick was only months out of college and obviously trying to get on everyone’s good side. Today, that apparently meant saving Maribel the trip downstairs for her usual morning coffee. And it’s working, she mused as she sipped.

Maribel was well aware of how careful she needed to be about her liquid intake. However, she couldn’t avoid drinking anything at all, and the caffeine was just the jump start she needed to delve into the week’s financial analysis and reports. Also, Maribel had prepared. The sports bottle was in her purse if she needed it.

For the next few hours, Maribel buried herself in her work. At around 11:30am, her boss stopped by her desk.

“There’s an exciting new online training we’re supposed to take,” Kathleen said, dryly. Clearly she was as unenthused as Maribel was. “I know these things are a pain, but please take care of it by the end of the day. It’s only supposed to be a half hour, and I want to check it off our team’s list.”

“Absolutely,” Maribel replied. “I’ll finish this report and get to it right after lunch.”

Kathleen nodded and left Maribel to her work.

When Maribel got up for lunch an hour later, she could feel that the coffee had made its way through her. It had only been one cup, and she hadn’t had anything else to drink so far so the need was relatively mild. But she figured it would be best to use the bottle before things got urgent.

Maribel headed to the bathroom, purse in hand. The four stalls were already occupied in the lunch rush, so she waited a minute or two for one to open up. Then, she headed inside, shutting the door. Maribel pulled down her panties and hiked up her short pencil skirt. This part was normal, something she had done so many times. But this time, instead of sitting down on toilet to pee, Maribel took the sports bottle out of the purse and unscrewed the lid.

She took a deep breath, gazing at the toilet right in front of her.

Is this really my life now? Do I really have to do this?

The detection toilet’s emblem somehow seemed to stare ominously back at Maribel, as if to silently answer that yes, this was her life now. And yes, she absolutely had to do this.

Putting the bottle’s mouth over her pussy, Maribel tried to let go. At first, nothing happened. She had never peed into a bottle before. It didn’t feel….normal. And with the people coming and going from the bathroom, wouldn’t someone hear her? Of course they would, but plenty of people were peeing – it was doubtful that they could tell the difference, Maribel realized.

The next time someone turned on a sink to wash their hands, Maribel concentrated on the sound of the flowing water and began to pee into the sports bottle. She could feel the bottle get heavier as she peed, and soon the flow stopped. Maribel capped the bottle and used some toilet paper to dry off the last remaining drops, careful to put it into the receptacle intended for sanitary products and not the toilet.

Maribel looked at the bottle, and saw that she’d filled it about halfway. After putting the bottle back into her purse, Maribel exited the stall. Her plan was working.

She looked around. Maribel had intended to empty the bottle into one of the bathroom sinks, but there were too many people around. Emptying a bottle of yellow liquid that smelled distinctly of urine in front of coworkers would be a dead giveaway. So Maribel kept the bottle in her purse and left the bathroom.

Having been under florescent office lights all morning, Maribel wanted to enjoy the spring air so she headed outdoors. She took a short walk to one of her favorite food trucks.

“One chicken fajita wrap, please” she told the owner.

“Want some water with that?”

“Yeah,” Maribel replied. She was getting thirsty, and besides there was still room left in the bottle stashed in her purse.

Maribel unzipped her purse just enough to pull some cash out, careful not to reveal any sign of the bottle of piss she was hiding, and paid. The food truck owner handed Maribel a brown paper bag with her wrap and then a cold bottle of water..

After walking for a bit, Maribel found a bench with some tree shade and settled in for her lunch. As she ate, she drank the water.

It hadn’t occurred to Maribel to check the size of the water bottle. At one US pint – a bit shy of half a liter, it wasn’t particularly large. It was the standard size of most bottles of water sold around the city. It was the first drink she’d had in hours, and she finished it quickly. Maribel briefly considered stashing the empty bottle for future….use. But upon inspection, the mouth was too small. If she tried using it there was too much of a risk of making a mess.

So, Maribel disposed of the empty water bottle along with the rest of the trash from her lunch on the way back to the office.

*004*2021-08-15 21:12

Chapter 4 coming soon. But it's important that this disclaimer come first, and I forgot to put it on the first post. So here goes, in case someone out there is sue-happy and gets their underpants in a twist about dystopian, kinky fiction: This is a work of fiction. Any similarity to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events, is purely coincidental.

*008*2021-08-16 02:21

Thanks for the support, everyone. Chapter 4 is a bit longer than usual, and there's some exposition at the beginning. But please stick with it - the world building is important. I promise it will pay off. I'm enjoying this even more than I thought I would. I'm aiming for at least 10 chapters at this point.

Chapter 4

Maribel returned to her desk, and decided to get that online training out of the way, as she promised her boss she would. She popped in her company-issued ear buds and started the training program on her computer.

A familiar face appeared on screen.

“Hello, this is Mayor Elrick McAdams. When I began serving this great city as mayor nearly three and a half years ago, it was widely thought that the elimination of cash bail in our state would lead to higher crime rates. And for a while, that’s exactly what happened. I promised that I would solve this problem without reinstating the draconian cash bail system that allowed people of means to await their court dates from home and put people of lesser means, often people of color, behind bars before ever having been convicted of crimes. I promised that I would solve this problem in a way that makes our city safer and holds criminals accountable while remaining fair, just and non-discriminatory, in keeping with my progressive values.”

Maribel watched with increasing horror.

Mayor McAdams paused, then continued.

“I am a leader who keeps his promises. For the past two years, I have been working closely with my good friend, the visionary Leon Dusk. In addition to implementing supersonic transport, putting the first person on Mars and creating the most successful crypto currency the world has ever seen, Mr. Dusk was the mind behind Detection, a revolutionary new program backed by powerful technology that I have no doubt will become the most successful, game changing criminal apprehension tool since the advent of dusting for fingerprints.”

God, I really hope not, Maribel couldn’t help thinking.

“My fellow citizens, there are criminals among us who have found ways to evade the criminal justice system. Criminals who threaten the safety of each and every person in this city. It is time for these criminals to be brought to justice.”

The mayor went on to explain what detection toilets were, and how by May 5th, 2025 every toilet in the city would be replaced with one.

Maribel checked the date display on her phone. May 5th. Of fucking course.

And the timing is pure coincidence, I suppose, being smack in the middle of the mayor’s re-election campaign.

Despite the sarcasm, Maribel had to admit to herself that it was an ingenious plan. The need to pee was universal, and DNA was immutable. The Detection program would absolutely catch a lot of fugitives in its cross hairs. All the while, the rest of society could continue to go about their lives as usual.

The remainder of the training was about watching for the signs someone could be attempting to evade the Detection program. Signs like avoiding the intake of liquids, showing the need to urinate despite the availability of bathrooms, illegally urinating in places other than a toilet, illegally disposing of urine in places other than a toilet or illegal possession of a container of urine.

Maribel couldn’t help but glance at the desk drawer where she kept her purse, realizing the half full bottle inside it was now contraband.

Suspicious behavior, Maribel learned as she continued the training, was unsurprisingly to be immediately reported to the police.

Training completed, Maribel popped her ear buds back into their charging case. She tried to get back to work, but her mind kept wandering back to the training session.

Sure, I’m technically a fugitive but I’m not hurting anyone. I’m a good person. I haven’t done anything wrong in years. I’m not one of the violent assholes causing mayhem. I wish….I wish I could just explain…

Maribel could explain, of course, but she knew it wouldn’t matter. If the authorities found out who she really was, the plain and simple fact was that Maribel would go to prison.

Is that really where I belong? PRISON???

Maribel got up from her desk.

I’m just anxious, Maribel decided. I’ll take a short walk around the floor to clear my thoughts, stretch my legs. It’s gonna be fine.

“Hey, Nick” she called to her colleague.

“Yeah?” he replied from behind his computer screen.

“I’m taking a break. If someone asks for me tell them I’ll be back in ten.”

“Sure, got it.”

Maribel started her walk through the hallways, trying to calm her nerves. As she walked, she realized her restlessness wasn’t simply in her head. That familiar feeling of pressure between her legs had returned - a bit distracting, but not too urgent.

I’ll be fine, Maribel reminded herself.

As she headed around a corner, Maribel saw five police officers and stopped in her tracks. Were they coming for her? How could they be? Had a few drops of piss from this morning somehow made it into the detection toilet? She’d been sure she grabbed herself in time!

Then, she saw that the police officers already had their target. He looked male, 40s…..six feet, thick dark hair, expensive looking suit. As the officers led the handcuffed man closer, she recognized him despite the look of utter defeat on his face.

Oh my god, it’s Sam, Maribel realized. It was surreal. Sam Robinson was easily the most revered member of the cybersecurity team. Sam, a fugitive? It couldn’t be.

Of course it could be, Maribel corrected herself. After all, I am.

Utterly shaken, Maribel headed back to her desk. It took a few attempts, but she managed to put Sam out of her mind and get back to work. The numbers laid out on spreadsheets were comforting, somehow. Numbers were objective and totally nonthreatening; finally something Maribel was absolutely sure she could deal with.

“Maribel?”

She looked up. It was Nick.

“It’s all over chat. Sam was arrested. The team is going to the break room to talk about it.”

Maribel looked up. She’d gotten into her ‘groove’ and was really feeling productive, but she needed to be a 'team player'.

“Thanks for letting me know, Nick. I’ll come with you.”

The team was huddled around the water cooler. In her several years working for the bank, she’d never seen her colleagues like this. But then again, no one had ever been arrested at work before.

“Oh good, you’re here” Sarah said. She handed a cup of water to Maribel, then to Nick. “You need to hear this too.” Sarah looked expectantly at Kevin, a Senior Analyst like Maribel.

Kevin finished the last of his cup of water in a gulp, then cleared his throat. “I don’t know how to say this, and I’m as shocked as anyone else,” he started. “But…..I’m the one who saw it. Sam was…..”

Sarah nudged Kevin with an elbow.

“Sam was pouring a bottle of p…..urine down the sink in the men’s room. I walked in on him doing it. So I called the police and reported him. Just like the training said.”

“Can you BELIEVE it?” Sarah whispered. “Wasn’t Sam the guy who like single handedly saved the bank’s network from that ransomware attack?”

“Fucking legendary….” Nick muttered. “Um….sorry…..” His ears turned red – he hadn’t meant to curse at work.

“Yeah, legendary” agreed Kevin. “The police say he’s Samir Al Mirkazi. Apparently been on the FBI watchlist since 2018."

“Of all the people,” Maribel added, sadly. “I never would have guessed.”

“The whole point of this Detection thing is that it really could be anyone,” Sarah said. “These fugitive types are sneaky like that.”

Nick finished his cup of water and glanced at his watch. “We better get back to work.”

The others nodded. Sarah finished her cup too, and then gestured at Maribel. “Are you going to have yours, too?”

The cup wasn’t one of those little paper ones you find at the doctor’s office. It was a full sized plastic cup, filled to the absolute top.

Maribel’s bladder twinged, but she had no choice. Refusing to drink when her colleagues were nervous about fugitives hiding in their midst was not an option. She downed the water quickly, trying to look nonchalant. Sarah looked satisfied.

As she and Nick headed back to their office, the pressure in Maribel’s bladder intensified. She could still hold it, but Maribel realized she was going to need to use that bottle in her desk again – soon.

*009*2021-08-16 02:28

{{2 hours ago, Bismiris said:

Do the collectors just analyze urine?

Is there an underground black market for waste disposal?

This is a great story and it brings up so many questions and possibilities.

}}

Good questions! The sensors are in the actual toilet bowls so they activate even if the toilet isn't flushed.

Spoiler

They're designed to analyze urine specifically, although in theory any waste could trigger it if sufficiently.....liquid....if you get my drift. I didn't include this in the story because I'm into pee only and discussion of.....other stuff.....could be a turn off.

As for black markets, it's certainly possible. Stay tuned!

*010*2021-08-16 05:42

Chapter 5

As Maribel got back to her reports, the urge to pee kept breaking her concentration. She rubbed her thighs together under her desk, hoping Nick wouldn’t notice. Maribel tried to avoid fidgeting, but her hips moved slightly from side to side.

It was 3:30pm. The water from lunch that had seemed so refreshing filled Maribel’s bladder to the limit of what she could hold without serious effort. And now, the additional large cup of water she’d had at that impromptu team meeting was rushing through Maribel’s bloodstream, her kidneys pumping more of it into her stretching bladder by the minute.

Maribel leaned over to grab her purse from her desk drawer, biting her lip to avoid wincing as the move put additional pressure on her bladder.

“Be right back,” Maribel called out to Nick on her way out.

She didn’t wait for a reply before walking towards the bathroom as quickly as she could without drawing attention to herself.

Maribel didn’t have to wait for a stall. She entered quickly, shut the door then scrambled to pull her skirt up and her panties down. Her bladder pulsed, eager to let go.

NO, Maribel ordered her body forcefully. NOT YET!!!

Dancing from side to side, Maribel grabbed the bottle from her purse and unscrewed it. She struggled to keep her breathing steady, forced herself to be still, and positioned the bottle’s mouth over her pussy once again.

Maribel had no trouble letting go this time. Her piss seemed to burst out of her, flowing rapidly into the bottle below.

If she’d thought pissing felt good before, it was nothing in comparison to this.

Maribel nearly moaned out loud…..she was finally starting to feel some relief.

OHHHHHH…..FUCKKKKKK

The bottle was getting heavier faster than Maribel anticipated. Much faster. And the bottle was already half full when she started. Every muscle in her body insisted – demanded – that she continue her badly needed piss, but Maribel was absolutely terrified of making the bottle overflow.

Maribel clenched as hard as she could and stopped the flow, somehow still managing to keep the bottle balanced between her shaking legs. Her bladder screamed in protest, seeming to contract and flail inside her. She hadn’t even been close to done yet.

Once she’d stopped, Maribel brought the bottle to eye level. She’d filled the bottle to the brim….and then some. There was a splash of pee on the floor of the stall.

Maribel twisted the lid back onto the bottle as quickly as she could, still careful not to spill. Spill any more, that is. Then she grabbed some toilet paper to soak up the pee on the floor. It wasn’t much, thankfully. Maribel put the toilet paper in the sanitary receptacle and considered her next move.

I…..I still need to pee. There has to be a way.

She wished she could put the toilet lid down and sit without risking disaster, but this detection toilet wasn’t exactly the same as the one that had been installed at home. Likely a commercial use model, this one had no lid.

Maribel’s eyes darted around the stall as she desperately searched for a solution. The sanitary receptacle was an obvious no. It was made of metal mesh, with the usual wax paper bag insert. If she poured liquid into it, it would be like pouring it directly on the floor.

What about the sink?

The thought was tantalizing. The lunch rush was long over, and she was the only one in the bathroom. All she’d have to do is walk to the sink, unscrew the bottle’s lid and pour. It seemed so simple, so easy.

With the bottle empty, she’d be free to return to a stall and finish her badly needed piss.

And yet, that’s how Sam had been caught. Someone could walk in at any time. Sure, she might get lucky, but would she bet her freedom on that.

No, Maribel decided. I can’t risk it. I just can’t.

So, with her urge to piss only mildly abated, Maribel pulled her panties back up and her skirt down. She tucked her now heavy, piss filled sports bottle back into her purse and exited the stall. As opened the bathroom door, she realized she was face-to-face with Sarah.

“Oh, sorry” Maribel apologized. “Was just on my way out.”

“It’s cool,” Sarah said. “Thanks for opening the door for me.”

Good thing I didn’t pour the bottle out, Maribel thought as she returned to her desk. Sarah would have seen everything. EVERYTHING.

She had escaped narrowly escaped detection once again. Now, all Maribel needed to do was manage to make it home dry. An hour and fifteen minutes, plus a subway ride.

Maribel could manage that. Couldn’t she?

*011*2021-08-17 05:12

Chapter 6

A glance at the corner of her computer screen told Maribel it was a few minutes to 5:00pm. She squirmed in her office chair involuntarily for a moment before stopping herself. If Nick looked up and saw her showing “signs of urinary urgency”, as the training video had put it, it wouldn’t be good.

This was about the time Maribel usually got ready to head out of the office, starting with one last pee before heading off to the subway.

Two days ago this wasn’t even something I had to think about, Maribel thought sorrowfully. Anytime I needed to, I could just….find the nearest bathroom and…..

Her bladder seemed to spasm at the very thought, and Maribel crossed her legs.

Although the initial tantrum her bladder had at being cut off mid-stream subsided, the rest of the cup of water that had been effectively forced on Maribel that afternoon had continued going through her, continuing to inflate her bladder.

She thought of the full half liter bottle of piss in her purse and pressed her legs tighter together. Maribel was out of options, and had no safe place to pee. She’d have to make it home to the safety of her shower.

“Hey, Maribel” Nick called as he headed for the door. “It’s five o’clock.”

“Have a good night, Nick.”

Maribel got up from her desk, immediately noticing the increased pressure on her pee hole. She bit her lip and grabbed her purse from her desk drawer.

I can do this, Maribel tried to reassure herself, as she left her office and began walking down the hallway.

As she passed the ladies’ bathroom, Maribel found herself jealous of the several women entering and exiting, able to relieve themselves without a second thought. She began to walk faster, heading for the elevator.

I need to pee. I need to pee. I need to peeeee.

Stop. Don’t think about it. This isn’t fucking helping.

Reaching the elevator, Maribel pressed the down button more frantically than she intended to. The elevator dinged, and the door opened. She got inside, joining several people from other floors who had also just ended their work days.

As the elevator descended, Maribel tried to keep her breathing steady and her body still, but her thighs rubbed against each other involuntarily. She longed to press her hands against her pussy, but resisted. The elevator reached its destination, and everyone disbursed.

Once on the street, Maribel rushed to the subway. She had to make the 5:15pm train or wait another half hour. Walking so quickly made Maribel’s bladder bounce, and her muscles were tired from holding back her pee so often over the last day and a half. The urge to pee was intensifying, and there was absolutely nothing she could do about it.

Unfortunately, standing at the subway station wasn’t much better. She could hardly grab herself or pee dance in public. So as she waited for the train, Maribel bit the inside of her mouth, tried to press her legs together as discreetly as she could and clenched her hands into fists. Whenever a train passed, the ground rumbled violently, making it even harder for Maribel to maintain control.

When the train arrived, Maribel rushed in along with a dozen other commuters. The train was packed, of course – par for the course for Monday rush hour. Maribel sighed, and grabbed onto one of the straps hanging from the ceiling of the subway car.

Where’s Leon Dusk’s supersonic transport when you need it, Maribel thought. For now, that was an innovation only the west coast could enjoy.

The subway took off, and Maribel’s body lurched forward along with it. A hot spurt of pee burst into her panties.

NOOOO!!!! Maribel’s eyes widened in panic and she clenched her pelvic muscles for dear life.

The warm, wetness of her panties’ gusset against her pussy made it so much harder to hold on. And with every stop and start the subway made on the way to Maribel’s destination, another spurt or two burst out. She could feel the wetness on her inner thighs.

I…I can’t...I have to hold it…..all these people….God I hope this doesn’t show….

Finally, my fucking stop.

Between the deep navy blue color of her skirt and the fact that all her fellow passengers were on their phones, it didn’t seem that anyone had noticed.

Cheeks burning, Maribel stumbled out of the subway car and headed up the stairs towards the street. Tiny drops escaped between steps now, despite Maribel’s best efforts to stop them. But Maribel reached the street with most of the contents of her bladder still contained.

I can do this. I can make it home. I can. I know I can. I have to, Maribel told herself frantically as she walked home, hands rubbing the fronts of her legs over her skirt. She had to slow her pace to concentrate resisting the now almost overwhelming urge to let go.

The sky was dark, darker than it should have been.

And then, Maribel felt the wetness. This time, though, it wasn’t from between her legs, but from above. Her hair and shoulders felt cold as the raindrops began to fall.

As the raindrops fell faster, Maribel felt her bladder pulse and spasm, forcing out spurt after spurt of hot piss as she walked, trying desperately to make it home.

Ohh, God…..Nooo….Noooo

Maribel could see her apartment’s entrance up the street, but she couldn’t take another step. Her piss sprayed out of her like a fountain, soaking her from her skirt to her shoes.

Maribel was mortified. I’m an adult fucking woman, she thought. I can’t be…pissing myself. I can’t be.

But her bladder continued emptying forcefully, leaving a large puddle of piss on the pavement below.

*013*2021-08-18 04:05

I am so happy that the omo community is enjoying this story as much as I've been enjoying writing it. I truly appreciate every response and upvote. I am still very interested in people's thoughts and feedback, so please do share! Questions are welcome.

This chapter mentions adult diapers briefly (no descriptions of use); there's also a very short description of a male wetting. It discusses the wetting that happened last chapter, and there's also female peeing and masturbation.

Chapter 7

Hurriedly shutting her apartment’s front door behind her, Maribel sank to the floor in shame and relief. She looked down at the sopping wet skirt clinging to her legs. This hadn’t been a mere leak or two; she had totally lost control on a public street. Her “solution” had failed on the very first day.

I need a better plan, Maribel realized.

Wait….did anyone actually see???

Maribel wracked her brain. Her mind had been clouded by the haze of desperation, so she couldn’t be sure. From what she could remember, people seemed to too focused on getting out of the rain in time for the inevitable downpour to follow to be looking too closely at her. Or was that wishful thinking on her part?

Nothing I can do about it now, anyway. I guess I’ll find out if cops show up at my door.

There was only so much worrying she could do. After willing herself up off the floor, Maribel headed to the bedroom and removed her soaked clothes. Damn…..even got my socks……

Maribel had pissed with such force that her formerly light lavender panties were now a deep eggplant purple. Not a single dry spot remained.

She put a comfortable teal tank top on over her bra and decided to remain bottomless. Like a toddler being potty trained, she thought sardonically. But the day had been exhaustingly stressful, and it was just the easiest way to manage the fact that pissing in the shower meant she’d have to completely remove her panties each time rather than simply pulling them down.

Then, nude from the waist down, Maribel cooked herself a simple stir fry, poured a glass of white wine and settled onto the couch to watch the news.

Mayor McAdams appeared on her TV screen.

“I called this press conference to announce that the Detection program is showing the powerful, crime fighting results I knew it was capable of. Today alone, three hundred and twenty eight fugitives have been brought to justice.”

The screen filled with mug shots.

“To all the remaining fugitives out there, I tell you this: You can run, but you can’t change the demands of your body. No one can evade Detection for long. Do yourself a favor and turn yourself in now. Oh, and if you were planning on attempting to tamper with a detection toilet, go ahead and try it, but only if you think you’re smarter than Leon Dusk and would enjoy a five year addition to your prison sentence.”

The mayor waved his hand, and some police officers led in a handcuffed man whose skin was the same fluorescent orange color as his prison jumpsuit. The lights lowered.

“See – he even glows in the dark! This is only one of the many countermeasures in place. You’ve been warned.”

He’s enjoying this way too much, Maribel thought, pouring herself another glass of wine and downing it quickly.

She turned the TV off, and fished a device out of the drawer on her nightstand. It was one of those flip phones from the early aughts. No touch screen, no internet, and you had to actually plug it in to charge it. How….ancient. Somehow, the thing still turned on.

Dammit what’s the code again? Oh yeah……5528.

The phone rang and then, she heard a familiar voice.

“Pete’s Pizza, may I take your order.”

“One order of your nuts,” Maribel responded, rolling her eyes.

“Good.”

“Are you ever going to change that code?”

“But then how would I reconnect with long time clients like you, Chiquita?” Pete teased.

“You know I didn’t stay seventeen forever, right? And I barely even speak Spanish.”

“Well you look like you do. And unless you ever top 5’2’’, 110 pounds the nickname stays. Hey, don’t blame me – I don’t make the rules…..”

Maribel could practically hear the wink through the phone.

“So….must be an interesting coincidence….I’ve been hearing from a lot of my clients from your neck of the woods lately. Any idea why that would be?”

“No idea…” Maribel replied sarcastically.

“Look, Maribel. What you’re going to need is hard to come by right now. You know those NASA developed urine bags with crystals in it that make piss gel up and easy to throw out? Those were pulled from every store shelf in the country and are now only available to park rangers and the like. You have to have a prescription for adult diapers. And sports bottles that are easy to pee into have been flying off store shelves. Piss supplies are like hand sanitizer and antiseptic wipes were in 2020 – nearly impossible to find and expensive if you can.”

“Is there a way to beat these things, at least?”

“Not that anyone has found yet. You know that oompa loompa on the news? He tried putting bleach powder in the toilet before pissing to destroy the DNA. Apparently the mix of bleach with the urea in pee triggers a nozzle with a dye-pack like spray that only affects skin – it’s colorless on everything else. Another guy tried doing the same thing at a urinal model and got a tranquilizer dart to the groin. Poor guy was found snoring on the bathroom floor with his pants down, in a puddle of his own piss.”

“Isn’t there anything at all you can do for me?”

“Look you still have $13k on retainer. I’ll see what I can do, but no promises. Check your mailbox first thing in the morning.”

“Thanks, Pete.”

Maribel ended the call.

All that talk of piss drew her attention to the familiar tight, full feeling in her pelvis. She headed to the bathroom and glared at the detection toilet, still sitting there, unaware of its lack of welcome.

Not that it would care, anyway.

As she had no panties on to remove, Maribel stepped into her shower, spread her legs and let go.

“Ahhhhh…..” she sighed out loud as her muscles relaxed and her pee poured out of her in torrents. It felt good. It felt…soooo good.

Maribel found her hand wandering to the inner lips of her pussy as the flow of her piss slowed and then ended. They were slick and wet with more than her pee. She gently touched and rubbed, in a circular motion around, then on her exquisitely sensitive clitoris. First slow, then faster. It didn’t take long before Maribel shuddered and cried out in climax, her pussy pulsating with waves of intense pleasure.

Sleep the only remaining urge, Maribel removed her tank top and bra and crawled into bed. Tomorrow’s problems would have to wait.

*017*2021-08-19 04:44

Thanks again for your support, everyone!

Chapter 8

The room, decorated with garishly bright red and pink floral wallpaper, slowly came into focus.

Ughh, I hate florals…..

Maribel shifted her body to one side, then the other, but she couldn’t quite get comfortable. She looked around just in time to see a tall woman in light pink scrubs walk in.

“Hi, I’m Rosie” she introduced herself cheerfully. Everything about her seemed upbeat, from her chin length blonde curls to her big, bright green eyes and cherry red lipstick. “I’ll be your nurse this evening.”

“Nurse? What the fuck! Where am I?”

“Oh, honey,” Rosie said, reassuringly. “There’s no need for all that. I’m going to take excellent care of you. You’ll be back to normal in no time.”

Maribel realized she was lying in a hospital bed. She looked down at her crisp, white hospital gown and saw the tube attached to the inside of her arm, an inch or so below the elbow.

“What…..what happened?”

“Well, apparently you were brought in by the police along with a number of other young women under the Detection program. Since the police weren’t sure exactly who produced the matching….sample, they brought everyone who had been in that bathroom at the time in to find out.”

I’ve been…caught??? Fuck fuck FUCKKK! Maribel tried to keep her face neutral. It didn’t help that the mild tension and discomfort she’d been feeling was becoming less mild by the minute. Her bladder was very full, and Maribel knew she’d need to do something about it.

“Most of the young women agreed to provide a sample right away, to clear the whole thing up, but you chose not to. Even after several hours, you poor thing. And you refused to drink anything you were offered. Then, you passed out – obvious case of dehydration if I ever saw one.”

Rosie clucked her tongue sympathetically.

“So, the police couldn’t just….leave you like that. The mayor really emphasizes the duty of care police have, especially for people who haven’t even been convicted of a crime,” Rosie continued. “So, being the responsible police officers that they are, they brought you here to get the care you obviously need.”

“Care?” Maribel tried to sound curious, rather than panicked and alarmed.

“Intravenous hydration, of course” Rosie explained. “That tube connected to your arm is connected to a bag of fluids with electrolytes. It flows directly into your bloodstream as fast and as safely possible and is the fastest way to re-hydrate you.”

“I’m feeling better,” Maribel proclaimed. “Can I leave now?”

“Hmm….let’s do one more liter of fluids....I’m nothing if not thorough.”

Wait….one MORE liter? Does this mean there’s already a whole liter of that stuff inside me??? And she’s gonna give me MORE???

Rosie swiftly removed an empty bag of IV fluid from the tube attached to Maribel’s arm and replaced it with a full one on a metal pole next to her bed.

“There we go…” Rosie murmured.

Maribel could see the liquid drip slowly and steadily into the tube attached to her arm. Drip….drip…..drip…. She squirmed slightly before she could stop herself.

“If you need to urinate, there’s a bathroom down the hall” Rosie said. “The IV pole has wheels so it will travel with you. And please do not remove the IV needle on your own. That would be very bloody and unpleasant. Just let me take care of you. There’s a call button over there if you need anything.”

With that, Rosie flashed a smile and left the room.

“Need anything?” Maribel groaned out loud once she was alone. “I’ll tell you what I need. I need to pee! How could you not know that?”

Oh my god…..she does know that. She’s filling me up on purpose so I’ll be forced to pee and the police can confirm I’m the fugitive they’re after.

The problem, of course, was that Maribel couldn’t hold even a full liter in her bladder, let alone two. It felt like the enormous amount of liquid pumped into her veins was being rapidly diverted to her bladder, which complained loudly inside her as it stretched in vain to contain it all.

I need to find somewhere safe to pee….soon…..otherwise it’s all gonna come out whether I want it to or not.

Maribel considered pulling the IV line out of her arm, but decided against it. Walking around with blood gushing out of her arm would only attract attention. She swung her legs over the side of the hospital bed and got out of bed, careful to pull her IV pole alongside her.

Gravity made being upright ten times worse. It felt like there was an ocean inside her, pressing on all sides to escape. Maribel danced desperately from side to side and kneaded her pussy with her free hand. Slowly, the wave of desperation receded and Maribel walked out into the hallway.

She walked past patient room after patient room.

What am I even looking for? The bathrooms are going to be chock full of those horrible detection toilets.

But in her desperate state, when Maribel saw the blinking “Ladies” sign in the distance, it attracted her like a moth to a glowing light bulb.

This is stupid….Maribel thought to herself. And yet, she kept walking toward it, faster and faster, the IV bag’s fluid sloshing back and forth as she walked. Just like all the piss inside me….

Maribel reached the bathroom and pushed the door open. The first stall was definitely occupied; she could hear the loud gushing sound of that person’s piss hitting the toilet bowl. Maribel’s pee hole quivered, and she grabbed herself to maintain control.

I…..I’m bursting…..Maribel was forced to admit to herself. I can’t hold it much longer.

She pushed each stall door open, one by one. Detection toilet. Another detection toilet. Yep, another one.

What was I even fucking hoping for, Maribel thought bitterly to herself. That the city forgot to replace one of them? That they ran out of detection toilets in the middle of a hospital? Really???

Then, Maribel spotted something in the corner of the very last stall. It was a jumbo sized thermos, the kind one might use to carry soup.

OH MY GOD!, Maribel thought. She wasn’t religious, but this was as close to a miracle as she’d ever experienced.

She rushed into the stall and shut the door as quickly as she could managed and grabbed the thermos, pressing her legs together desperately. Then, Maribel unscrewed the lid and checked inside……empty. She placed the generously sized mouth of the container over her pussy and then….

WAIT SOMETHING IS WRONG.

The tiny hairs on Maribel’s arms stood up and she rubbed her arms with her hands. The IV. Where is the IV? There was no sign of any tubing attached to her arms at all, the IV bag or the pole that carried it.

Maribel’s eyes flew open to find she wasn’t in a bathroom at all. She was in bed, at home. But her intense need to pee was very, very real. Her hands flew to her crotch, and she hurried to the bathroom.

Maribel stepped into her shower, spread her legs and let go. Her bladder released in a long, pleasurable gush of warmth.

I really need to stop drinking wine before bed, Maribel thought wryly as she checked the clock. 6:40am. It was as good a time as any to check the mailbox.

*020*2021-08-20 02:52

{{13 hours ago, xixi said:

Wonderfully well written!

My favorite part so far was when she had to stop mid-pee to avoid overflowing the bottle. That was so

}}

Thank you so much for saying that! That moment is a favorite for me too.

*021*2021-08-21 00:24

Chapter 9

Standing at a storefront, Maribel nervously flipped a postcard between her fingers as she looked up at the neon sign reading: Kim’s Lotus Nails & Spa. She took one more look at the postcard – yes, this was the place.

I don’t belong here. I’m not part of this world, Maribel couldn’t help thinking. Or maybe I am and I’ve just been lying to myself. Despite her anxiety, the increasingly tight, full feeling above her pubic bone stopped Maribel from turning back.

If Pete trusts these people, I can too, she told herself as she opened the door and entered. Plus, I really need to pee. As Maribel had learned recently, when it came to beverages, what went in would inevitably come out. Taking a breath, she walked up to the counter.

“Wednesday special for mani/pedi?” the woman at the counter offered.

“Pete sent me,” Maribel said, her voice so low it was almost a whisper.

“Ah,” the woman replied, her eyes flashing with recognition. She took a shallow cardboard box out from behind the counter. “Put your phone in here.”

When Maribel complied, the woman checked her purse and then led her to a room in the back of the salon. Probably where they do the waxing and stuff.

“Wait here – Mrs. Kim will get you soon.”

I can’t believe I’m doing this, Maribel thought.

When she’d first read Pete’s postcard, left for her no doubt by some clandestine courier, she hadn’t been sure she would. On Tuesday, she had been so intent on avoiding a repeat of Monday’s humiliating wetting accident that she severely restricted her fluid intake to make sure she wouldn’t need to pee out more than her half liter sports bottle could hold. The strategy had worked but left her distressingly thirsty, with her mouth dry and her usually sharp mind dull. It was an effective but absolutely miserable choice.

On Wednesday morning, she purposely hadn’t restricted her fluid intake at all. In fact, she drank extra to give herself enough...incentive to follow through. And now, later the same day, here Maribel was in the back of a nail salon during the second half of her lunch break with a full, half liter bottle of pee in her purse and, judging by the rapidly increasing pressure, a full bladder that was going to need attention faster than she thought. Maribel shifted her weight from foot to foot and squirmed her hips as she waited.

Mrs. Kim appeared in the doorway. She was slender and a bit taller than petite Maribel, with jet black hair falling to her shoulders, but the creases on her forehead and around her eyes revealed she was much older. Mrs. Kim looked at Maribel for a moment, her dark eyes serious and inscrutable, then handed her a plastic mask that looked like cat face.

Maribel put the mask on without having to be told. Then, Mrs. Kim tied a scarf around Maribel’s eyes and put the end of a rope in her hand. “Follow,” Mrs. Kim told her.

Well this is some real cloak and dagger shit, Maribel thought.

With the scarf around her eyes, Maribel’s other senses were heightened. The air felt cold on her exposed arms. She could hear her footsteps and Mrs. Kim’s as she followed her down a long flight of stairs, through a passage or hallway of some kind, around a corner and then down a shorter flight of steps.

Then, Mrs. Kim’s pace slowed as she led her through another passage. This one was different – it smelled musty. Mrs. Kim stopped, shut the door behind them and untied the scarf.

Maribel was in a room with a bar and several wooden tables, each with a sealed box of playing cards. Poker - of course! The city can’t replace toilets they don’t know exist.

She saw a man and a woman waiting in line in front of a door, each wearing a plastic mask. Aside from some impatient foot tapping, the man, who wore a koala mask, seemed to be handling himself fine.

However, the woman next in line before Maribel was in bad shape. She was moderately curvy, of average height, with long, light brown hair that nearly reached her wiggling butt. Her mask had a zebra face on it.

Wow, Zebra’s really gotta pee, Maribel thought. She needed to pee too – badly – but this was beyond that. Zebra was squirming non-stop with frequent moans, openly clutching her jeans-clad crotch.

Maribel heard a flushing sound, and the door opened. A man stepped out, reset the mechanical egg timer outside the door and headed towards Mrs. Kim.

“I need to go next,” Zebra half whimpered, half shouted. “Please let me go next. Please. You’re a man. You can hold it.”

“I waited my turn,” Koala said. “Wait yours. It’s three minutes – tops.” With that, Koala entered the bathroom and shut the door.

Soon, Maribel could hear the unmistakable sound of Koala’s piss as he enjoyed his sweet release. Her bladder pulsed, as though it too could hear and she crossed her legs.

Zebra let out a yelp. “Ohhhh nooooo,” she wailed. Her jeans rapidly darkened as her bladder forced a miniature waterfall of piss out from between her legs. She clutched her crotch harder, but the piss seemed to only come out faster, hissing and spurting as it totally soaked her jeans and created an expanding puddle on the floor.

Watching this massive pee accident didn’t help Maribel’s increasingly urgent situation at all. She pressed her legs together and bounced up and down desperately.

Then, she heard the toilet flush. The bathroom door swung open, and Koala exited. Zebra took an eager step toward the bathroom. But Mrs. Kim was back, and her face twisted with rage.

“You pissed on my floor. Is that how you treat your host? How ungrateful. You are leaving. Now. And not coming back.”

“But Mrs. Kim….” Zebra whined.

Maribel didn’t wait to hear the rest of it. She walked straight into the bathroom, reset the egg timer to three minutes and closed the door. The lock had been removed, but Maribel was long past caring. She gazed for a moment at the toilet. It was old, but it was an actual normal toilet. No detection emblem. Just a toilet. Maribel smiled – she had never thought she’d be so happy to see a normal toilet.

She quickly pulled up the hem of her forest green dress, pulled down her panties and sat. Her piss poured out of her, a rushing yellow river of glorious relief. Eventually, the flow trickled to a stop as Maribel’s bladder finally emptied its last drop. She cleaned herself, pulled her panties back up and her dress down. Then, Maribel pulled the bottle out of her purse and emptied it into the sink.

Finally, Maribel thought, almost giddy with relief and joy. I got to pee normally. In an actual toilet.

She washed her hands and exited. There was a wet towel on the floor where the massive puddle of piss had been.

Mrs. Kim was waiting, with her hand outstretched. “Tip?” she asked expectantly.

“Aren’t I prepaid? Pete said he prepaid.”

“Tip,” Mrs. Kim repeated. This time it wasn’t a question.

“C’mon, this isn’t fair.”

“If you don’t like the way I run my establishment,” Mrs. Kim said dryly. “I hear there’s a homeless lady two blocks away who has a bucket in her tent she’ll let you use for five dollars.”

I’d hardly call this an establishment, Maribel scoffed silently. But she fished a ten dollar bill out of her purse and put it in Mrs. Kim’s outstretched hand.

Mrs. Kim nodded, so Maribel guessed this was acceptable.

“You better not tell anyone about this place,” Mrs. Kim warned her as she re-tied the makeshift blindfold over Maribel’s eyes and began leading her back to the salon. “You don’t want to get on the Yakuza’s bad side.”

Maribel had to hold back laughter.

“Something funny about the Yakuza?”

“Kim is a Korean last name,” Maribel giggled. “The Yakuza are Japanese.”

Mrs. Kim was quiet for the rest of the trip back.

“I was sure you Americans think all Asian people are the same.” Mrs. Kim replied softly, as removed the scarf from Maribel’s eyes.

After retrieving her phone from the cardboard box, Maribel walked back to her office, both amused and amazed. An underground piss market. Who would have thought?

*023*2021-08-26 03:36

I took a bit of a break because I got a bit obsessed and was neglecting other parts of my life. However, I do have the general idea in mind for Chapter 10 and plan to have it posted sometime this upcoming weekend.

