Willow's Outside Break

Author: mysterious331

*000*2021-04-15 02:57

It was early in the city, where Willow was flying above the town after a trip to the spa. She had stayed there to take a break from all the stressing out over magic and wanted to relax. She felt so much better and flew her way back home. As Willow continued flying however, she felt her bladder swishing.

"Uh oh," she uttered. "I think I drank too much fruit punch at the spa. If only I had gone to the bathroom sooner. At least I'm almost home. So I'll be in the bathroom in no time."

Willow saw the house up ahead and sighed in relief. She felt the water swishing inside her bladder and the acid burning in her kidneys. She landed softly in front of the front door and crossed her legs tightly. She was so desperate to go to the bathroom that she almost forgot she didn't bring her wand. So she knocked loudly on the door.

"Hello!" Willow called. "Is anybody there?! Open up! I have to use the restroom!"

Willow knocked for ten seconds. She couldn't hold her bladder any more and was very desperate to get inside. She finally sighed in relief when she saw Ferocia appear at the window inside. "What?!" Ferocia shouted.

"Ferocia, open the door!" Willow demanded. "I didn't bring my wand, so I have to use the bathroom and I need you to unlock the door!"

"Is that right?" Ferocia asked. She pulled the wand from behind her back. "You mean... this?!"

"Yes!" Willow shouted. "Now will you open this door?!"

Ferocia thought for a few seconds and then shook her head. "Sorry, sis," Ferocia finally told Willow. "I'm doing what you were right now. I'm taking a break!"

"You can't just simply open this door?!" Willow asked crossing her legs tightly.

"If I open the door, that would ruin my break," Ferocia told her.

"Ah come on!" Willow shouted suddenly angry. "How much work does it take to simply open the door to let me in?!"

"You're a tough gal, right sis?" Ferocia sneered. "I'm sure you can hold it."

"How long are you going to keep me out here?!" Willow shouted.

"Until my break is over," Ferocia replied. "You'll be fine."

Willow could only watch as Ferocia then closed the curtains on her. Willow continued banging on the door. "Ferocia, you open this door right now!" Willow shouted angrily. "My bladder's going to burst!"

Willow held herself together tightly. She could feel the urine almost pouring out of her. She couldn't believe Ferocia had kept her outside when she needed to pee very bad. Willow then hobbled at the back of the house and tried the backdoor, which was also locked.

Willow growled under her breath. "She's going to be sorry," she growled silently.

To add insult to injury, Willow looked around to find her neighbor next door watering the grass in the backyard. This caused her to cross her legs tighter. She was really ready to burst.

Willow looked through the window to find Ferocia turning on the faucet inside the kitchen. This made Willow even more desperate to go. Ferocia, completely aware of this, laughed, apparently enjoying Willow's desperation. "I'm sure you can hold it, sis!" Ferocia sneered from inside the house.

With no way to get inside the house and her bladder about to burst, Willow knew she had no other option. It was either go now or wet her panties. "Oh, this is so embarrassing," she moaned. "I can't believe I'm actually going to do this!"

Luckily however, Willow was in her backyard so no one would look. Still, she had never relieved herself outside before and felt it was gross. But Willow didn't have a choice, and she didn't wanted to return inside her house with wet panties. So she went to the edge of the end of the backyard, lifted her dress, pulled down her pink panties, and squatted. She sighed in relief as she started to pee.

"Ahhhhh, that feels so much better," she whispered as she continued to pee.

A long stream of her pee came splashing out into the grass as Willow stayed in a squat position. She didn't even care that her big bare butt was exposed in the air. "I drank too much of that fruit punch," she complained.

Willow felt so relieved that she didn't even notice one of the neighbors from behind the yard was staring at her big butt while she was squatting to pee. The neighbor made a disturbing face and looked away.

As Willow continued peeing, a long trail of her pee formed a tiny river from behind her, and it started sparkling as it hit the short grass.

Willow continued to pee for a minute and a half until she was finally finished. A few more drops of urine empty out of her, and Willow used a napkin she had in her pocket to wipe herself dry. She pulled her panties back on and put her dress down. She looked below to find a long river of her pee trailing through the short grass. She was rather disgusted of the long urine trail.

"Goodness, that's so gross!" Willow complained reluctantly staring down at her long trail of pee in the grass. "That's the last time I decide to pee outside!"

Willow then looked as Ferocia opened the back door. "Oh, now she decides to let me in," she grumbled.

Willow walked inside to see the grin on Ferocia's face. "You actually did it!" Ferocia laughed. "You actually went outside to do that!"

"I had to pee and you wouldn't let me inside the house!" Willow snapped glaring furiously at Ferocia. "What was I supposed to do?"

Ferocia just laughed. "I guess you aren't strong enough after all," she sneered.

Willow just ignored Ferocia and walked away, leaving Ferocia laughing as she pulled out a phone playing a video of Willow peeing. "This is sure to get a million views," she muttered with a wide grin on her face. Willow's big bare butt was exposed as she was caught peeing outside, and Ferocia was already uploading it online.

$$

*002*2021-04-21 23:14

{{On 4/15/2021 at 1:25 PM, Kei said:

Can you fix the formatting on your stories? They're almost impossible to read when using the dark mode version of the website:

}}

The texts are now white. All fixed.

