Star Wars Leia desperation

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2019-02-01 02:59

Princess Leia ruled over many as her life as a princess. Her pretty brown hair wrapped up in buns on the side, but her usual white royal gowns were gone. She had been stripped down to barely an outfit, pretty much a chained of bras and panties as the massive alien Jabba the Hut held a chain around her while keeping her prisoner in his palace. He kept his pretty prisoner hydrated though.

"Erg" Leia moaned, as she squirmed on her knees in the spot next to Jabba's throan. She held her exposed belly as she felt the pain expanding, "Excuse me."

"No!" Jabba growled. "You stay here. No care if your bladder exploding. Keep drinking." And with that, he forced more water down her mouth, which quickly made its way into her bladder. Leia squirmed as her bladder quickly expanded and she felt an ache of agony.

As the castle was stormed and attacked crumble fell from the roof and that’s when Luke, Han, and some of their fellow fighters ran in, knocking down the door. As the door was ripped from its hinges a pipe spiked from the wall and sprayed everywhere. Leia shook in place from watching the pipe leak. “Ooooooooh!” She said as a spurt escaped.

She watched them fight back and forth. She got up to run but Jabba pulled her chains and brought her back down. “No! You pee pee pants before you leave!” She pulled at her hair as her legs scrunched and crossed under her squeezing her pee hole closed tight. But between the quakes and shaking, spurts kept escaping. Leia started to turn red from embarrassment “oh no oh no oh no!” She yanked at her chains more and more but a laser blast shot through the floor and burst another pipe that made a fountain appear in the center of the room. Seeing and hearing the pouring water only triggered Leia more as felt herself start to lose control.

Her ass jiggled as she crossed and turn feeling an unpleasant pressure break through her skin. Luke used his light saber to slash off the last drone of Jabba. The big fat one was now all by himself.

Jabba put his hands up.

But his tail pushed a button.

To be continued

(working on final part now)

*003*2019-02-05 19:09

Part 2

When Jabba pushes that button, the whole building started to shake. The gears and stencils that made up the building slowly expanded the walls as the floor they were all fighting on raised up from the ground and towards the sky as the roof opened up.

“What the?” Questioned Luke.

Leia meanwhile as nice as this was to get away from the sounds and sights of the water that tortured her by instinct, the vibrations only rocked her around and made her agony worse with each level that raised.

Feeling the impending humiliation this would bring her and destroy her reputation as a princess across the galaxies. She clamped her ass on top of her crossed legs as she scrunched down squirmingg in place, trying to maintain dignity before it was gone forever.

To be continued

