The Company retreat

Author: Markj9494

*016*2021-11-24 01:20

Chapter 4: Tipping the Scales

Sitting down with the others Demi eyed them slightly, the group clearly relaxing as they drank their beers. The free booze taking the edge off what would ordinarily have been a bit of a worrying predicament. After all, while they may no longer need to pee they were still trapped.

“Crisps?” India asked still near the bar, holding up a packet of salted crisps and other bar snacks before tossing some to each of them as they held up their hands.

Crossing her legs, Demi instead put a hand on her thigh, pressing firmly into her skin as she leaned forwards slightly. Her bladder and body were throbbing in desperation and discomfort as it tried to get attuned to the new contents and pressure inside her. Looking down she could see her bladder sticking out several inches at this point, the pot belly replacing her ordinarily flat stomach. Its contents continuing to swirl and press up against her muscles that somehow, were still holding the ocean inside at bay.

But in forcing her body to do so, she was really pushing it to its limits. Even as she sat there, her legs tightly crossed and trying to act normally, her entire body was burning. Sweat starting to form all over her as a stress response to what she was making it do, even her well trained muscles were starting to struggle with her demands.

Chewing her bottom lip she could feel the nerves creeping back in, her legs uncrossing and re-crossing the other way around. There was absolutely no way she could hold it much longer and yet she wanted to. Caught in a strange feeling of not wanting to let India down by wetting herself almost a stronger impulse to hold than loosing her job. But feeling a painful fork shoot up her right side where running gear constricted her bladder, she decided she’d had enough of this.

“Im going to go and get changed” She said, the others looking over or not caring about what she had just said as they enjoyed their new comfort.

Grabbing her bag she found a secluded corner, stripping off her athletic ware she breathed in relief as her bladder was finally able to expand fully. The tight line across her abdomen leaving her skin red and almost bruised looking due to the force being applied by her bloated bladder.

Pressing on it she squirmed, her legs squeezing together as she played with her bladder. Looking down she looked weeks if not months pregnant at this point, the normal sized bladder bulge she had seen more than once with her holds, replaced by a giant mound. Her skin pulled tight over her extended midsection so painfully full of pee. Taking a finger she tried to press it in again, but it was completely rock sold, her organ clearly full to the brim and unable to be compressed by a not so gentle prod.

Groaning quietly as she leant over to grab her pyjama’s jogging bottoms and a loose shirt she was still finding a way of enjoying the sensations going on inside her as she stayed bent over a few extra moments to enjoy the pressure. Her mind going back to last night when she had worn these clothes, blissfully unaware of the day that would follow her. If she had known would she had peed? or would she have held it anyway? She honestly didn’t know at this point, something that was slightly concerning to her.

But then again, when was the last time she actually had fun, or did anything that felt as exciting as this. Her life had become monotonous in the worst way, but now she found herself living one of her ultimate sexual fantasies and surrounded by other desperate women. Was this why she was enjoying it so much, because it was so unlike anything she had done in months or years? What her younger self wouldn't have given to be in this position, although if it hadn't been her co-workers and boss it would probably have been more fun. Especially given the extra unseen forces for India somehow finding out her secret, but she had known for months and not said anything? Demi's thoughts going back to the conversation and now able to process her remarks.

Why had India waited until now, she would have let her use her just like the others anyway. Why admit what she knew to her?

Looking over she couldn’t help but see India in a new light, no longer the quiet social able one she was a cruel mistress hidden under the cute exterior. She couldn't believe how she had switched so easily between her bladders task master and friendly co-worker to the others, look at her over there at the bar, the way the light danced off her long scarlet hair, her smile even the way she laughed at something Becca said…shit, was she getting feelings for her co-worker… No, its just the haze of desperation she tried to convince herself.

Kicking her clothes into her bag instead of risking bending over, Demi gave herself a moment to press between her legs both for the enjoyment and reassurance it gave her that she could hold. The pressure had abated a little with the much looser clothing, although even with the ribbon pulls completely loose her trousers were tighter than she could ever remember them being.

Walking back out she took her seat again, sitting down slowly and carefully she saw a knowing smile from India.

“Hey, so we were just asking. If you could live in any tv series, book or film universe what would you choose?” Sally asked cheerfully, clearly feeling a lot better.

“Uuuhh…” Demi responded, surprised by the random question.

“So far we have had, Narnia from Sally, Avengers from Jessie..”

“For Captain America” Jessie chimed in, her face still looking a little clammy but appearing much calmer than she had earlier. Knowing the feeling Demi was sure that the pulses and extreme discomfort she had felt the first time had likely subsided and helped Jessie feel more in control again.

“You realise Chris Hemsworth exists in this world right?” Demi asked, getting a thoughtful look from her housemate as if she had never considered that.

“Star wars from Maggie and I said Lord of the Rings.” Becca finished the round.

“I dunno, maybe Westworld?” Demi shrugged

“Oh yeah!” Jessie laughed, a couple of others smirking at her.

“What?” Demi asked, although she was already regretting her answer now she had thought about it.

“Nothing, but we all know what that park was really made for” Becca joked.

“Gross, no its just I love cowboy stuff but who wants to die of Polio.” Demi countered their remarks.

“Don’t you have to be rich to go to the park thing in that show?” India asked, still leaning on the bar.

“Well yeah, but come on if Jessie can pick Marvel to date Captain America, I can be rich in mine?”

“Fair” Becca said, holding an open bag of crisps towards her.

Taking a crisp Demi smiled for the first time in what felt like ages. Her body relaxing slightly despite complaints from her bladder as she sat back and the group started to get to know each other without the distractions of phone or televisions.

“Guys, I need to pee again.” Becca announced a couple of hours later, her leg bouncing having increased steadily through the evening. The cheerful atmosphere leading to a couple more drinks and snacks as the group enjoyed the break from what had turned out to be a stressful day.

“Well you are just going to have to hold it.” Jessie said sternly, her demeanour had also become more carefree until the unpleasant reminder of what she had done earlier.

“I do too…” Sally said quietly, despite having emptied herself fully it seemed her small bladder was going to cause them yet more trouble if they were all still going to try and make it without anyone being fired.

“Maybe Demi you could..”

“Oh no, im done.” Demi said, pointing with a large crisp in her hand and drawing a line in the air.

“But…” Sally squeaked

“Im not the one who drank the beers, I might have been part of the problem with us being late but this time its on you guys to hold”. She said firmly but trying not to spoil the atmosphere. She felt a little bad, but she really was full and now they would just be taking advantage of her earlier kindness. It may have been exciting and fun to begin with, but now things were starting to get serious. All of the relief that changing into her casual wear had brought her, had steadily disappeared with each extra minute her bladder was tasked with holding back at least 3 bladders worth of pee. She had taken her one for the team, she was done!

“Please, just a little I am sure Lena needs to pee by now.” Sally begged.

“Where is Lena anyway?”

“I guess she is still on a call?” Demi said craning her neck around to check for her boss.

“Well maybe she already needs to pee, she cant be on her own all night. We just have to wait a little longer.” Maggie said, her crossed legs clearly including herself in the ones waiting.

“But what if she doesn’t need to pee?” Sally asked glumly.

“Then we make her need to pee” India replied, her tone suggesting it was a casual remark despite the strangeness of it.

“What does that mean?”

“I mean we just get her talking about something and ply her with some drinks. Eventually after a few pints she will need to pee and then maybe she will come up with something, or at least relent on us having to hold it all night.”

“You cant be serious?” Maggie questioned suspiciously.

“Why not” India shrugged “Its not like we are doing anything mean, we are just giving her a couple of drinks and its up to her how to act right? Who knows she might actually have a solution we haven't thought of”

“I like this plan, maybe we should start it sooner rather than later though?” Becca nodded, her legs pressing against each other tightly.

“Sure, Ill go take her some water assuming the taps work?” Demi said, slowly raising her bloated form from the chair, her muscles complaining at being taken from their comfy refuge as gravity took control of the mass of pee contained within her body.

Walking over to the bar she searched through the cupboards, finding a large pitcher she inspected the base 2.74L, was that too much? Well she didn’t have to drink it all.

Grabbing the pitcher she began to fill it, the noise of the immersion tap causing her to squirm in place as the clear water splashed noisily into the glass container. Filling it to the brim she grabbed an empty glass and started towards where her boss had been for the last couple of hours.

Knocking on the door softly she could hear one half of a conversation, so she was still awake and on the phone. Stepping in she placed the water down on a table with the glass, getting an appreciative nod from her boss who was pacing around, clearly anxious about something. Taking a moment to glance around the room Demi could see a couple of bottles of water and other things piled neatly in the rubbish bin, she had clearly been helping herself to contents of the mini fridge without anyone realising.

Walking back out and closing the door the others gave her a look as to ask how it had gone, but Demi just shrugged, what were they expecting from her. Its not like their boss would have pissed herself in secret. “She is still on a call, doesn’t seem to be going that well but who knows.”

“So now what?” Sally asked eagerly.

“We just wait, at some point she will need to pee.” Demi said confidently, moaning softly as she sat down again, her back thankful for the support of the seat. The added weight of pee inside her pulling at not just her bladders muscles.

However, 45 minutes came and went as the group sat there in hopeful anticipation, but there was still no sign of their boss, the women all showing increasing levels of desperation as time ticked on. Becca having half emptied herself a couple of hours earlier was seemingly filling back up to previous levels, while Sally who had been completely empty was regretting the two pints of beer that India had plied her with. As evening passed into night the room had become a lot quieter as most small talk gave way to silent desperation.

“Hey Demi, did you say you had some pain killers earlier, think I am getting a head ache?” India said breaking the tension and rubbing her temple. Although Demi didn’t remember saying anything about pain killers during her conversations.

“Yeah I chucked some in your bag” Jessie said from her position now all but curled up in the foetal position on one of double the couches, her arms wrapped around her abdomen and both hands pressing deeply between her legs as she held her bladder at bay. But as one of the only ones not to drink, it seemed she had managed to almost adjust to the constant need to pee from the liquid that had been forced into her. A single coffee and Maggie’s full but seemingly small bladder enough to give her some discomfort but not enough to break her…yet.

“Ok, ill come and help you look” India said, standing and heading towards the office where they had dumped their bags. Standing slowly Demi breathed out heavily through her nose as she once again felt the strain of standing. Her muscles growing impatient with her long hold and wanting to finally free themselves of the burden of pee sitting inside her bladder

“You know I could probably have found them on my own” Demi said, a little confused why India had come with her, but a moment later the smile on the red heads face reminded her of their little arrangement. Not that she had forgotten, but she had successfully put it to the back of her mind given the fun and casual evening they had all spent chatting.

“Well I was about to explain, but going off that look on your face I’m guessing you figured it out.” India said smugly, rummaging through Demi’s things.

“What do we have here?” She added, holding up a tube and shaking it slightly a few moments later.

“They are hydration tablets from my run this morning” Demi answered.

“My my, we did come prepared.” India smiled again before pocketing them “Who knows, they might prove useful. But we should get this started, otherwise the others might get suspicious and we wouldn’t want them thinking they had been short changed and demanding to use you as well would we.”

“No” Demi said softly, the proposition sounding much less fun than it had 3 hours ago.

“How are you feeling by the way.” India asked, a hint of genuine concern in her voice.

“Full” Demi moaned, her hands moving to her bloated bladder that seemed to be quivering in anticipation. The dull pulses and pains shooting through her for the last few hours almost becoming normal, her long hold taking her muscles and body to the edge and forcing it to stay there for hours on end. But now she was about to move the edge, another load of pee was on its way as she looked down at the tube, time almost seeming to slow down as it approached her. But then it was there, the warm tightness, aching and painful while India breathed out in relief.

This time Demi could almost feel her bladder creaking under the strain as she stretched it once more, the new intake surpassing the last as she bit down on her hand to stop herself groaning in discomfort. A muffled noise escaping but hopefully not loud enough for anyone to hear.

On and on the pee went, it was probably only seconds but It felt like so much more to Demi. Her straining muscles sending signal after signal through her body, her nerves transmitting the instruction that her bladder was full, but still she ignored them, even as the pressure grew.

Gripping herself as tightly as she could Demi hissed out another complaint as she clenched her jaw and stood rigidly on the spot, hoping to turn to stone or some other way of holding herself together. Although as she felt another painful pulse, she wondered if stone would be enough or would it crack against the pressure building up inside of her body.

Finally after what felt like an age the flow stopped, India once again stemming the flow and not relieving herself fully. Was this pity or was this cruelty, to need to fill her later once more.

With a shaky hand Demi handed back the device to India before thrusting it back between her legs, doubling over as the strongest spasms yet tore through her body. Wave after wave of desperation flowing up from her bladder as her entire body seemed to be contracting around it. Pressing both hands deeply between her clenching thigh’s, and feeling her core muscles trembling under the new weight of pee inside her she groaned softly again. Cupping herself she felt the first cracks in her defence appear as she spasmed uncontrollably, her bladder still sealed shut but threatening to release her long held waters. The tremors feeling deeper and more desperate than they had until now. A strange feeling as though her very body was fighting itself, impulse against muscle.

Finally after a few perilous moments of worrying she might actually be about to wet herself, Demi managed to slowly straighten up. Pressing her legs together she controlled her breathing and as quick as her overburdened body would allow she followed India back to the main group.

Sitting down carefully she twitched slightly, the position now applying pressure even when sitting. Her bladder spilling out onto her lap and had she not had her muscular thighs under her, she would have thought that her bladder would have been touching the chair between her legs, such was its size. Stroking a strand of hair from her sweaty face she tucked it behind her ear, flexing her neck to work out a crick as even it seemed to be under more strain than normal.

“You ok, you look a little pale” Sally asked, her own legs double crossed and bouncing up and down. Part of Demi had forgotten about her and the others increasing needs, but she was in no condition to help them now.

“Just a little tired” She lied

“It has been a long day” Sally smiled back.

Hearing a quiet rattling coming from the corner room the group looked over, mostly in relief to see their boss walking towards them with an empty pitcher in hand.

“Does anyone have a phone with an unlimited plan. Mine has just died, turns out the man who sold this to me in the shop was clearly lying about its all day battery.” She lamented to the group.

“Sorry mines dead”, “Me too” the group announced together as their boss rolled her eyes. “What was wrong with the old phones, mine use to last all week never mind all day.” She uttered to the group, the comment making her seem much older than she was.

“You want a drink boss?” India said, the term both a familiar name they used but also something she was happy with as it still showed her the seniority she had over them.

“Sure, but you lot had better not be getting drunk. We still have business to do tomorrow.” She looked around the room sternly.

“No, just a couple of beers.” Maggie replied, appeasing their boss who on this trip was reaching new levels of professional expectations of their behaviours.

Looking over Demi couldn’t help but meet the eyes of India who had a glint in her eye again, her hands disappearing beneath the table for a few seconds as she carefully watched the group. Soon they reappeared above the glass, trying to subtly drop something into the drink. The half filled pint glass frothing slightly before India swirled it around and put it back under the tap to fill it up to the top. The white head covering any evidence of what had just transpired.

Going wide eyed Demi looked away, almost not wanting to see the incriminating evidence of what must have just happened. Her task master clearly spiking her bosses drink with the hydration tablets she had “confiscated” earlier. From her experience one was enough to increase her need to pee subtly, but quickly over an hour or so. She didn’t know how many India had put in, but it was clearly more than one from the amount of fizzing. The extra strength and caffeine boosted tablets sure to make an impact. But, while part of her knew she should say something, another part knew this was likely the only way that she let alone Sally would get to pee tonight. Their bosses bladder seemingly indomitable as she sat with her legs apart, several bottles of water, coffee and even a large pitcher of water not enough to make her show the slightest signs of needing a bathroom. Her earlier pacing must have just been due to the call.

Watching her boss take the glass from India she sipped it, nodding approvingly at the taste which apparently she liked.

“Bit of a strange fruity after taste but not bad” She summarised leaning back. Getting a couple of strange looks from the others, none of who remembered it tasting fruity. Likely down to the lack of dissolved summer fruit tablets in theirs…as far as Demi was aware.

“Now what?” Sally mouthed to Demi as her legs bounced in a more restrained manner. Their bosses appearance clearly making the young women reign in her desperate antics, but given it had been over 3 hours again since her last bathroom break, she would likely be as desperate as ever.

Now sitting in almost silence the group awkwardly exchanged glances between each other, unsure of what to talk about with their boss right there. The not even middle aged woman not known for idle chit chat or games, her professional demeanour apparently a constant affair and not just something she put on at work. Thinking about it, Demi wasn’t sure if she knew a single thing about the woman in front of her. But feeling her bladder complaining again, she knew she needed something, anything to take her mind of it and to put the painful impulses and cramping muscles to the back of her mind.

“So um…” Demi started before really thinking about what she was going to say. “How did the call go?” she panicked, defaulting to work talk and getting a couple of eye rolls from her colleagues.

“Oh you know, standard bureaucracy and incompetence." She said taking another long swig of her drink. “You see our partners at Jenkins and sons are supposed to be managing the Bradstreet expansion right, but they have literally no idea what they are doing.” Taking another long swig from her drink Lena stared off into the distance thinking for a moment, Demi catching a look from Sally as if to keep going. She was a little confused until she saw that Lena had drained almost three quarters of her beer already. The others in the group catching on as India seemingly began pouring another beer, ready to swap out for their bosses one. A strange sense of excitement filling the glances between the group as they realised they might be on to something here. Apparently talking about other peoples incompetence was some what of an inhibitor remover for their boss, enabling them to start sneaking drinks through her defences and increasing their chances she would need to pee.

Sure enough a couple of minutes later she set her empty glass down to the side, it was almost immediately replaced by India who couldn’t help but wink to Demi as she passed causing her to blush madly.

“You know” Lena said picking up her new drink and still pondering. “The real problem is that their leadership is too lax, they give their employees to much freedom and that means that they get away with working slowly.” Stopping again for another swig she this time turned to look directly at Demi “If I was them, I’d get rid of all of the middle management. Just have it like we do, Boss” she said pointing at herself with her thumb, “and then workers.” She said now indicating to them. “If they lack the ability to manage a team in person, then they shouldn’t be in charge of a whole company” she finished.

“Get rid of all of them?” Maggie asked, trying to keep the conversation as India already began refilling her previous glass.

As all attention moved to their boss it seemed to lift the groups spirits, they had formed a single group with a single mission, fill their boss with as much liquid as she could take. With each cup that was drunk, their chances of not being fired by the woman drinking them increased.

But even as minutes became hours and the seventh pint was finished, it seemed their bosses bladder really was bottomless. A fact that was not lost on any of the increasingly stressed looking women sat around on the chairs. Even Demi was feeling her bladder throb more and more, despite only taking tiny sips from a glass of water next to her. The optimism the pints had given her an hour ago, not surviving this far as she crossed her legs tightly, squeezing them against each other rhythmically.

“Well then, I think we should maybe call it a night. It is getting late and I want you all up bright and early tomorrow so we can make the most of the day.” Lena said, finishing off the remnants of her pint and standing up while patting her stomach as if taunting them. Demi’s bladder spasming hard as if it had been hit instead.

Leaving them too it, the group stared at each other in disbelief, their plan in tatters despite going off without a hitch.

“I have to pee!” Sally whined as the gathered around.

“Your telling me, I cant believe she didn’t need to go. What are we supposed to do?” Maggie asked nervously.

“Maybe some of the snow has melted and we can get the door to move?” Becca said hopefully, but after a quick check it was easy to see that the compact white layer trapping them in was as solid as ever. Now the sun had gone down and the temperature dropped it seemed even more jammed as the melted snow became Ice.

“Now what?” Maggie asked again, her hands in her crotch as she began stepping quickly from one foot to the next.

“I cant last until tomorrow, I will barely make it 10 minutes” Sally whined, all hope having left the group as their boss seemed completely unphased by what she had drunk. Their last-ditch attempt for some comfort tonight had come to absolutely nothing. With the realisation they were all but bared from peeing, their bladders wanted rid of the last 5 hours’ worth of pee with renewed force. Checking her watch it was gone 10PM, many of them somehow lasting longer than they had even on the bus, but as such their control or at least confidence seemed to be slipping.

“Maybe we could….” Maggie started, turning to Demi with a hand open to her.

“No, I said earlier im done with that.” Demi shut them down again.

“But you look like you are still so confident, you barely look more desperate than you did earlier.” Becca added sweetly, a sense of slight jealously detectable in that comment.

Standing with her legs pressed tightly against each other Demi couldn’t argue that she was still doing well. She didn’t know how or why, but no matter how much was pushed into her overfilled bladder it didn’t break, just like it never had before without her giving up control. The last lost from India had pushed her further than she had ever been, although that wasn’t about to stop being true from this point on.

The strong pulses and almost disastrous quivers from her bladder had somewhat subsided with no fresh intake for at least 2 hours. In fact, other than the pain and stretched skin, she felt in control. Her giant bladder troubling her massively but securely shut away, something she couldn’t say the same about for the dancing women in front of her. Watching them pee dance it tugged at her heart in both a kind but also horrible way that made her feel a little guilty for enjoying it so much. She was sure the events of this day would surly be burned into her mind for the rest of her life, not that she had much time to enjoy them at the moment.

“Please” Sally begged looking up at her. “I don’t want to get fired”.

“I don’t know if I can…” Demi said slightly breathlessly.

“Ok what if its just us 3? The others don’t seem as bad as us” Maggie joined in, indicating to her Sally and Becca.

“I….I suppose I could take a little, but I mean a little. My bladder cant take that much or it will explode and you can be the one explaining it to Lena.”

Getting a series of nods from the three desperate women Demi Sighed, what was she doing she thought to herself. This was madness, in fact the entire day had been madness. First her run which she had already thought she was desperate before getting interrupted. A 9 hour journey into a different country, an avalanche and to top it all off she was about to be filled with her co-workers pee, and not even for the first time.

On unsteady legs Demi walked towards the private corner they had been using, pausing for a moment as she felt India attempt to secretly hand her the tube so the others wouldn’t get suspicious.

Standing awkwardly the three of them clearly trying to wait patiently but failing as she entered the room a few moments after them.

“Me first, I only went partly last time, so im still dying from then” Becca said hurriedly as she bobbed her knees, a gleeful look on her face as if she had won a prize when no one objected.

Getting it connected was much harder this time, her control now linked to muscles that had been locked in a vice like grip for almost half a day.

“R…Ready?” the smaller woman asked.

Biting her lip Demi did the best she could to prepare for what was going to happen. Nodding slowly she saw Becca’s legs wobble as she let go, the tube rumbling slightly as more hot pee steamed towards her begrudging bladder.

Wincing involuntarily she felt her already stretched bladder forced to grow even more. Her body fighting what she was doing every step of the way as she groaned quietly, Becca pushing her own desperate relief onto Demi. Almost instantly the pressure inside her had doubled if not tripped, causing her to take a sharp intake of breath.

“Ok stop now.” Demi said after only a few seconds as her hands moved to support her creaking bladder.

“Im trying” Becca squeaked, twisting her legs she just about managed to stem the tide, doubling over and placing a hand on her thigh as a few final spurts fought their way through and down the tube into Demi.

“Thank you” Becca panted, rubbing her aching but now thankfully a little emptier bladder.

Wasting no time Sally had seemingly already undressed down to her underwear and grabbed the tube from Becca, giving poor Demi almost no time to recover before she was attached to the next cruel donor.

With little warning and even as her bladder continued to spasm from Becca's load, she felt Sally's pee already entering her. Feeling her bladder protest violently as the second dose of pee flooded in. Unable to stop herself Demi groaned loudly, doubling over and balling up her hands into tight fists as she fought back the discomfort. Last time it hadn’t been pleasant but this time there was just so much extra pressure, as if she was finally reaching her bodies physical limits. Her still growing bladder feeling as if it was almost being crushed inwards by everything around her again.

“Im…” Demi groaned, unable to form words and tell the petite woman to stop.

But as she let out a louder groan, her entire body shaking violently with a spasm, she felt the flow of urine stop. Either Sally was doing what she said she would, or she was taking pity on her. Either way she didn’t care, her entire body was racked with desperation. But it wasn’t over yet.

Stepping up next to the almost conveyor belt of bladder fillers, Maggie grabbed the tube from Sally who was starting to think this had been a bad idea. But watching those two relieve themselves, even slightly, had been too much for Maggie. Her bladder had almost released its contents in sympathy, not that she was showing any to Demi. In a swift action Maggie took the device and attached it to herself, her underwear sporting a small wet spot that showed just how close she was to losing it. Immediately a new torrent started, the pressurised stream erupting from her. A small bulge visible in Maggie’s abdomen now she was all but naked that had not been there before.

Moaning out loud again Demi could feel the pressure inside her increasing massively, causing her to stoop once more while cradling her massive and still growing bladder.

“Oh god, oh god, oh god” Demi repeated breathlessly as her hands tried to help carry the weight of her bladder as Maggie continued to fill it beyond anything she had seen before. The spikes of desperation and pulses now an endless wave of desperate feelings and signals that washed over her body constantly.

Feeling the pressure still increasing she couldn’t help but moan again and again as she clenched everything she could. Her bladder distending to ridiculous proportions that made her wonder if she could even survive once she was detached.

“P…Please I cant, you have to stop” She whimpered.

“Ok, im stopping” Maggie claimed, but still her pee carried on leaving her body, the small bulge all but gone in just the few seconds she had been peeing.

“Oooohhh” Demi moaned, shuddering violently as her bladder screamed at her to let it pee.

Finally after a few more seconds the stream finally ended, her torment over. But as she battled her body, Demi wasn’t sure if she could even move, let alone hold it.

“So…much” Demi groaned as she clutched herself, the pressure inside of her now indescribable. Her hands and crossed legs the only thing keeping the dam from breaking under the weight of all the extra pee she had just taken. Her abused bladder now spasming madly.

“You’re a life saver” Maggie sighed contently, clearly feeling much, much better. Her demeanour making Demi wonder quite how much she took from her in those few seconds, it sure felt like a lot.

“Mmmm” Demi hummed as she continued struggling, the others looking at her in a way that didn’t make her feel any better. But as the seconds passed she was slowly regaining control of herself. The pressure unrelenting but immanent loss of control avoided.

A few minutes later the women all said their goodnights, splitting up to grab the separate couches, chairs and padded benches that lined the expansive lodge. Finding herself in a smaller meeting room off the side Demi had found a long couch by one of the windows, pulling it out with some effort into the room.

Looking at it Demi didn’t know how she was going to be able to sleep or even lie down. Could her tired and abused muscles take it?

Teetering slightly where she stood, her entire body on Fire she quickly discarded her top and pushed her trousers from the mound that was pushing out of her body. Sitting first she slowly swivelled her body around, grunting as she twisted before lowering herself back carefully as if she had an injury she was trying not to make worse instead of just an overfilled bladder ready to explode.

Finally down she let out a sigh, her body aching and tired after the long day and lack of sleep the night before. But lying on her back she was in shock and awe at the size of her bladder, towering inches above her body and bloated beyond her wildest imagination. Her white skin taught and pulled tight by the towering monstrosity of a bladder she was now containing.

“Jesus” She moaned softly, her hands hovering above her bladder desperately wanting to touch but knowing that any slight contact would cause her significant pain and possibly be the end of it all. Staring at her distended abdomen lustfully she could feel her eyes becoming heavy, her exhaustion overtaking her as her blinks became longer and longer until she was in darkness.

Rubbing her eyes Demi shook her head, confused at where she was. Dim music was playing and she seemed to be in an elevator although the numbers on the sign seemed to be in complete gibberish. Trying to focus her eyes she did her best to read them, but they and everything around her didn’t seem legible or at least wasn’t English. Finally a soft ding sounded and the doors slowly opened.

Stepping out she found herself in a wonderous land of bright colours, strange birds flew overhead as she walked along a yellow path. It was strange place but she felt weirdly safe, almost like she had regained her childlike wonder at the world. Stopping to inspect a bush she leant down to smell one of the crystallised flowers, their odour powerful and sweet. Pulling one off she realised it was actually made from sugar, tentatively breaking off a petal and enjoying the juicy flavour as she crunched it.

Walking down the path she continued to look around her in amazement, it seemed everything around her was made of something edible. From gummy worms wriggling through the chocolate cake like dirt, to cup cake ducks on a river of chocolate. But rounding a corner in a flump forest a new delectable scent reached her nose. Almost pulled forwards she was lured towards a large bush, small yellow fruit hanging from the glistening tree. Pulling one off she inspected the tiny fruit, squeezing it in her fingers for a moment before popping it into her mouth.

The taste was delectable, each chew causing a surprising amount of juice to come out of the sweet fruit. Swallowing it she picked off another, repeating the process a couple more times and loving the taste, it was the most amazing thing she had ever eaten. Deciding to move onto the next treat Demi stepped away from the bush only for her stomach to rumble slightly. Trying to ignore it she continued walking back along the path, only for her stomach to rumble much louder this time.

“Oooh” Demi breathed out in discomfort as her hands rubbed her stomach that seemed to be upset by something. But it wasn’t just her stomach as the first signals of needing to pee became apparent. Looking down she was alarmed to see her skin above her bladder turning yellow, just like the fruit.

“Oooh!” Demi moaned louder this time, feeling a spike in discomfort from her abdomen.

Looking down her eyes went wide as she watched her stomach beginning to expand. Her flat toned body growing with each second that passed, pushing out of her as she expanded more and more. She felt like she was being blown up by a balloon, unable to move she tumbled onto her backside. Now sitting her stomach continued to grow, more and more with the pressure she was feeling increasing at a similar rate. Soon her body had passed that of a 9 month pregnancy, sweat forming all over her body as she groaned in pain and discomfort as what ever was happening continued. Her skin tight and feeling ready to pop, her bladder now complaining and full. But still her body swelled, beyond all reasonable proportions it grew. Her legs pressed wide, arms unable to reach anything as she was forced onto her back by the weight of her body. Wide eyed she realised what would happen if it didn’t stop soon. Her balloon of a body turning lemon yellow and feeling primed to pop any second now.

“Demi!” someone hissed through the haze of the dream causing her to stir slowly.

“Ooooh” Demi groaned again, but this time in real life, the world coming back to her. Opening her eyes she could see Jessie hobbling around next to her, or more accurately she could see Jessies head as her bulging bladder was currently blocking the view of the rest of her. But judging by the way she could see her head bobbing up and down and the noises she could hear, it wasn’t had to figure out what was happening.

“Oh god, oh shit” Jessie cursed as she desperately danced around in small circles, her legs rising and falling

“Jessie? What time is it?” Demi said, attempting to sit up before her bladder almost exploded on the spot. Painful bolts of static desperation flaring up all over her body the instant she tried to use her core muscles.

“Fuck me!” She almost yelled, the pain causing her to whimper softly se she squeezed her legs tightly together the other side of her mammoth bladder that seemed to have gotten even bigger over night. No wonder she had such a weird dream, it was basically true. Although she worried what might have happened if Jessie hadn't woken her, the last moments of the dream still caught in her subconscious and she was all to aware of how she had been about to let go and pee.

“Its morning, like quarter to 8. But you have to help me” Jessie pleaded, the anguish and pain easy to hear in her voice as she spoke softly but labouredly.

Breathing rapidly through her nose Demi hoisted herself around and somehow got to her feet without losing control of her bladder which seemed angrier than ever. Those bolts of pain and pulses of desperation she had felt yesterday now a constant feeling. Her taught and massively distended bladder sending constant waves of discomfort around her trembling and sweating body as she started to fray around the edges of her absolute limit.

“I…im sorry…I cant” Demi groaned out as she doubled over, thrusting both hands between her trembling legs muscles.

“Please I cant take it any more!” Jessie pleaded, her own posture and appearance not far from Demi’s, her dark tanned skin glistening as if coming back from a day at the beach. But Her discomfort was unsurprising given that her housemate had managed to go 14 hours without a bathroom visit and had let someone else fill hers. A feat that Demi would have thought impossible even for her, never mind someone with much less “experience” at being desperate. In a weird way she was impressed with her friend, her holding capabilities far greater than she could have imagined. But right now she only had time for a brief moment of admiration, the other 99% of her concentration being spent on controlling her own body which after 31 hours was at its absolute limit.

“I’ll pay your rent for the month, fuck it the year! Just get this out of me!” Jessie begged again, sobbing slightly.

“I..cant.” Demi said breathlessly, not even enjoying what would have been a sentiment or confession from a beautiful woman which would have driven her absolutely wild on any other day.

“Pleeeease” Jessie almost sobbed, still dancing with both hands between her legs.

But feeling her own bladder cramp massively, Demi knew it wasn’t a question of her will power, she just didn’t have any more room left physically.

“We…should go…and find Lena. She must need to go by now.” Demi said shakily between stifled grunts, her face occasionally grimacing as the intense waves of desperation battered relentlessly at her bladders walls.

“Hey guys, Lena wants us all in the conference roooo....” A voice trailed, India rounding the corner and stopping as she saw the scene ahead of her. The red heads eyes instantly falling to the giant protrusion sticking out of Demi who at this point was still in her underwear.

“Oh god…I….I cant” Jessie sobbed, turning around and leaving the two of them in the room. Her desperate whimpers disappearing into the main room.

“Holy Shit, you look like your 5 months pregnant!” India said, her eyes still locked on Demi’s bulging bladder.

“I know” Demi said between pained breaths, a hand going to the base of her back as she struggled with the weight of it.

“I..was…” India started but the thought got lost somewhere.

“What?” Demi asked, her tone slightly more aggressive than she meant.

“I was going to…” India held up the tube “But you look like you are about to explode.”

“Oh god, please…no. I Cant handle any more.” Demi groaned, a strong wave making her visibly shudder.

“Yeah ok” India said, not even putting up a fight or objection. She truly seemed in awe of Demi and her bladder.

Looking up to meet Demi’s eyes for the first time she blinked a couple of times, coming to her senses. “You should probably get dressed, I think Lena wants us for a meeting in like 5 minutes. Probably needs to be business wear.”

“Ok, Thank you.” Demi replied, almost waddling over to her bag. But attempting to lean over she felt it again, the spike in pain and discomfort that threatened her bladders control.

“Ohhhhh” Demi breathed heavily, clenching her jaw and balling her hands up again as her nails dug into the flesh of her palms.

“I…I’ll leave you to it” India said hastily, her face madly flushing as she too seemed to squirm in place.

“No wait…I, I need your help getting dressed” Demi confessed, feeling humiliated at the admission of her inability. But in a strange way she wanted India to help her.

“I, are you sure?” India asked quietly, looking around as if she had just admitted a secret and didn’t want anyone to overhear.

Nodding Demi breathed in “I cant bend over or I will wet myself. I need you to help me.”

Going over to her bag which was thankfully on the hip Hight table next to her, Demi pulled out her professional wear. The slacks she would have worn having no chance of fitting her and her new frame. Passing India a pair of stockings the shorter woman took them sheepishly, her face still flushed as she almost avoided making eye contact with Demi again.

Lowering herself gently onto the bench she had been sleeping on Demi grunted, raising one foot off the ground to let India start clothing her. The silky material gliding up her toned legs, the action almost erotic and feeling strangely intimate as India clothed her. The other woman's breathing audible as she slowly slid up the stocking to her bare thigh where she let it rest, her hands pausing for a moment near Demi’s crotch before retreating quickly and repeating the same process for the other leg in almost silence.

Grabbing the black skirt she stood up, stepping into it and letting India pull it up her body. Passing her thighs it began to meet the resistance of her expanded bladder, but softly pulling it up India managed to get the undone skirt on her easily enough. But as she reached the top, the back of India’s hand seemed to graze her bladder.

“Ooaah” Demi moaned, the other woman’s gentle touch sending her desperation into overdrive again.

“Sorry” India said shakily.

“It’s ok, I think I can manage the shirt.” Demi said, grabbing her pressed white shirt and putting it on, the fabric and buttons stretched to their absolute limit by her bladder. The form fitting cut of shirt usually made to somewhat extenuate her slender frame, but now it was barley able to contain it. The button holes pulled far enough apart it was possible to see skin, but there was no other way of dealing with it now, even if it did make her look a little less professional. Maybe Lena wouldn’t notice.

“I am guessing this is a no?” India said, holding up the belt that usually went with the lose skirt.

If she hadn’t been about to pee herself Demi would have laughed, but allowing herself a momentary smile she just shook her head and the pair slowly made their way to the meeting room to find the others and Demi hoped, to see a desperate boss who would let them all pee.

Walking out into the main room they quickly found Lena already at work, an empty coffee pot next to her with a single cup. But to everyone’s dismay, she still seemed completely unphased. Although from her position Demi could see what must have been her bladder jutting out, nothing compared to her own but enough to be noticeable. Especially because her boss had unlike her, chosen to wear a belt. The thin leather strip clearly cutting into her stomach, a bulge not usually there pressing out and wrapping around the restricting clothes. It had been more than 14 hours for Lena, who had drunk the most by far. By her reckoning she had consumed 3 bottles of water, a small coffee, a large pitcher, 7 beers and now an entire coffee pot, and yet was still in complete control and sitting there as if she had peed 2 minutes earlier.

Good, now you are finally all here, we can start” Lena said, taking the glasses resting on her nose and placing them on the table.

Exchanging desperate glances the team slowly filled the vacant seats around the table. Many of them lowering unsteadily into them, their bladders filled by a nights sleep and the remnants of the drinks yesterday. Despite their bosses insistence of looking professional, many of them looked a bit sweaty and dishevelled. Their makeup half done or already smudging off their clammy and red faces as they all battled an insurmountable urge to pee. The sensation likely hitting them harder not just because it had been 8 hours, but also because the subconscious knowledge of usually peeing in the morning and knowing they were still blocked from it.

“So I wanted to go through the project marketing plan.” Lena started, ignoring the dishevelled state of her marketing team.

Blinking Demi was trying to pay attention, nodding occasionally to what was being said, but she was struggling in more way that one. Her bladder feeling more akin to a pressure cooker, the rolling ocean of pee bubbling away inside her overstretched bladder and ready to explode at any second. A strange haze forming over her eyes as she gently rocked in her chair. Pain was radiating out of her bladder as she sat there, the new position making things 10 times worse. At least while she had been lying down she had basically been naked, giving her bladder the freedom to expand as much as her tight skin would let it. But now it was confined by her skirt, her legs applying extra pressure against the bulge resting on her lap. Her expression blank as she tried to fight back the moans and groans constantly rising to the surface from her exertion.

Around the table the others didn’t look much better off, only India seemed able to act professionally. To her sides Demi had Sally and Jessie, both women desperately bobbing their legs in a slightly distracting manor. Sally in particular fidgeting wildly in her seat, although Jessie was likely too full to be able to move that quickly without losing control. Soft gasps or heavy breaths escaping from time to time but being completely ignored by their boss who was in full flow by this point 25 minutes later. What exactly she had said Demi didn’t know, but at this point she was beyond caring.

“Do you know when they are coming to free us?” Sally asked unexpectedly a couple of minutes later. Lena looking unimpressed by the interruption to her flow. The petite woman clearly suffering quite badly.

“What?” Their boss said, turning her focus to Sally and glaring at her.

“I need…did they say when they would get here to let us out.” Sally repeated quietly.

“They get here when they get here, in the mean time if you wouldn’t mind not interrupting with unhelpful questions we should continue.”

Whimpering softly Sally backed down, looking at the table as her hands flew beneath it, clearly squeezing herself as she jittered in place. Her whole body now shaking with her leg movements.

“Oh god” Demi exhaled quietly, another spike of desperation hitting her hard, but worryingly this one didn’t seem to have a cause. She had not moved and nothing had made contact with her bladder and yet for the briefest of moments, she had felt her body rebel and her control threatening to end for a moment. How she wished she could cross her legs, her usual move impossible with the size of her bladder and how far it was jutting out. The manoeuvre would just end up squeezing and applying pressure, the opposite of what she needed. She was stuck, her bladder threatening to explode but she couldn’t cross her legs, she couldn’t even squeeze herself without Lena who was now stood opposite noticing.

Desperately trying to pay attention, to distract herself for even a moment she swallowed hard, her eyes fluttering as another spasm hit her.

They could be here, in one minute, 5 minutes, 10 minutes and they would definitely be here Demi told herself as she rocked in her chair. But 10 minutes came and went, maybe by 9am she thought, moving the goal posts once more.

But 9am came and went as well, a quiet squeak escaping Sally while Jessies breathing seemed to be getting heavier and heavier. Sally's strange noise getting a look of ire from Lena as she was once again interrupted, but remained completely impassionate or ignorant of her staff’s plight.

“9.30” Demi accidently whispered out loud, barely containing a groan that caught in her throat as her bladder throbbed deeply inside her, the pulses now back but somehow happening at the same time as the constant waves of desperation. Her body finding new ways of sending signal on top of signal about her dire need to pee. But still she held on.

Staring at the clock on the wall behind her boss, Demi’s eyes and brain had glazed over again. Watching as the minute hand aligned with the 12 again, she needed a new goal post. Refocussing on the world she was aware of the increasing fidgeting around her as her co-workers passed the 11 hour mark of holding. At some point Sally’s legs had stopped moving, her face red and entire body sitting rigidly with an unhappy look of embarrassment and awkwardness on her face. But in turn Becca and Maggie had quickly taken her place, their legs shuffling constantly beneath the table, Maggie doing her best to keep her torso still as she rested her elbows on the table but he rleft foot shaking with almost supersonic speed.

Ok, 10.30, they will definitely be here by then Demi thought, trying to bargain with her body and remain calm even as she felt her bladder pulse strongly, cramping her body harder than before and causing her to groan audibly for a moment, unfortunately getting the attention of Lena.

“Something to add?” Lena asked indignantly.

“Sorry” Demi said meekly.

“Well, actually why don’t you go through what you did on the way here. I feel like you have all had enough of my voice.” Their boss said, causing demi to cringe inwardly.

“Well I…” Demi started.

“Come on, properly please.” Lena said, taking her seat and indicating for her to stand and present what she had done.

Grasping the table with a shaking hand Demi pushed herself up, turning away from her boss and allowing herself to grimace deeply. Her bladder throbbing wildly as gravity tugged at its contents once more. The painful support that her legs had offered while sitting now lost and increasing her desperation significantly. Like an overfilled water balloon being pressed on, it felt ready to explode. Any sudden movement or impact and it would be over, she knew it would.

“10.30” Demi whispered to herself again, just 24 minutes and she would be free.

“Um, so I have done…done a preliminary list of groups.” She stuttered, pulling the folder open and getting out the sheet she had made, only now realising it was still half done and she would have to make it up as she went along.

“I was thinking, instead…instead of grouping, by product type we should…should group by potential buyers.” Demi continued, her legs bowing slightly as she was forced to squeeze herself for a moment. Her trembling muscles begging for support and with her concentration too divided to realise what she was doing, she had already put a hand up her skirt.

“Oh for peat sake, control yourself woman. Don’t think I cant see you all acting like children under the table.” Lena said clearly annoyed at the lot of them.

“I…” Demi said breathlessly as her body was wracked by another shower of painful desperate sparks. Leaning heavily on the table all she could feel was them flowing over her body as she became light headed, holding her breath for a moment fighting her instincts to hold herself.

Removing her hand from between her shaking legs she straightened up.

“As you can….As you can….As you can.” Demi stuttered before closing her eyes.

Within moments a loud hiss filled the room, twin rivers of clear liquid bursting out from under her skirt and running rapidly down both of Demi’s quivering stocking clad legs. Her breath laboured she let out a long moan of relief as the contents of her tortured bladder rushed down her toned legs. The onslaught of feelings exploding with her too much as she bent at the knees, increasing the sound of the splattering as more heavy streams hit floor. Her lilac panties instantly saturated and turning a dark purple as she continued to piss herself, the forceful jet flowing between her legs as she stumbled slightly as immeasurable pleasure overtook her, her pee racing around to the front of her legs and adding to the giant puddle she was creating. The metallic grey carpet darkening in a ring around her as it became saturated with her piss.

With her eyes closed she was almost lost in her relief, the days worth of pee bursting forth and cascading down her legs, her stockings not absorbing much as they became warm and shiny, covered in her pee that was still erupting out of her noisily.

A few moments later she was brought back to the world as a whimper came from her left, the loud hissing and splattering of Demi; s accident clearly too much for Becca’s bladder. A louder pattering noise joined the symphony as pee rained from the woman’s chair, her darkening red skirt doing nothing to slow the accident as her white panties became engulfed in pee, turning almost transparent. A waterfall of her desperately held pee now raining off the front, back and even side of her chair as she covered her face in humiliation. ”I…couldn’t hold it” she whimpered, clearly feeling far more shame that Demi was.

“What on earth do you both think you are doing?” Lena shouted angrily, standing up and backing away from the table in disgust. “I warned you what would happen if you disgraced yourselves like this, but I cant believe it was you Demi. I would have put my money on you Sally, so congratulations you are not the….”

But she was cut off by an ashamed looking Sally standing up from the table. Her grey business slacks clearly soaked from the waist down. The fabric showing signs of drying but being completely soaked in other areas. It seemed the petite woman had lost control some time ago, and likely many times over during the last two hours. But somehow she had managed to keep her loss of control a secret, wetting herself quietly and somewhat discretely. But now that the jig was up Demi could see the woman’s crotch glisten again as new streams raced down from her crotch, soaking areas of the pants that had managed to escape so far in her seated position.

“Really girls?” Lena said loudly, the phrasing clearly not accidental as she scoffed in disbelief. But Demi couldn’t do anything even if she wanted too, as more than a day’s pee escaped and flowed down her constantly warming her legs for almost a minute now. She also wasn’t sure if she cared what Lena was thinking right now, she was in sheer bliss and surrounded by desperate and peeing colleagues and part of her wondered if she as still asleep. But no dream, no matter how realistic could feel as bad as this had felt, or as good as it felt right now.

But as her stream continued she yet again heard a loud sigh from her right and looking over she could see pee beginning to run out of the bottom of India’s corduroy trousers. The red head seemingly in full control just minutes ago, was she doing this on purpose?

Looking at her face she could see the task master of her bladders face twitching in delight, a soft moan escaping between her lips as the brown material around her crotch continued to darken, streaks forming down her legs and spreading rapidly across her crotch. Why would she be doing this Demi thought, she had been using her to pee all night and yet given the volume rushing down her legs, it seemed she still had plenty inside her. Why would she risk being fired, was she doing this in solidarity with the rest of them, a peeing protest? Or maybe she just felt guilty, after all it was her fault that the river escaping Demi was going on for so long.

“Well I never!” Lena said loudly, shaking her head at the lot of them.

Finally after almost 3 minutes Demi’s pee finished, around the same time that India’s did. Her face a picture of pleasure and relief, the opposite of most of the others who seemed embarrassed, almost ashamed as the lake of pee continued to spread and soak into the expensive carpet under the table.

“At least one of you has some control” Lena said, indicating to Jessie who had somehow managed not to wet herself despite being the second fullest. This morning Demi wouldn’t have given her much hope of lasting 10 minutes, yet here she was still holding on. But as she got some praise from her boss there was a look in her eyes that seemed to be a mixture of panic and envy. The woman holding on by a small shred of control as all those around her lost control.

“its been almost a day how do you not need to pee!” Jessie wept at her boss catching Lena by surprise, tears beginning to well up in the corners of Jessies eyes. But any rebuttal was cut short as the group watched the front of her light navy slacks darken. A small patch racing down the insides of her legs before rapidly blossoming out of her crotch as Jessie lost control of her bladder, her pee rushing out with an audible hiss to join the giant puddle that now almost covered the entire floor of the room. Ripples flowing across the surface from where her pee drained out of her trousers legs, over flowing her flat black shoes.

“None of you, none of you can control yourselves!?” Lena asked, her face redder than any of them had seen it before. “I cant fire you all, but consider yourselves lucky I’m being this lenient and this is not the end of this!” She berated them, pointing her finger angrily at all of them including Jessie who was still peeing, her legs shoulder width apart and face relaxed and almost happy looking.

“You two, go find a mop for gods sake” She said pointing angrily at Demi and India who were both lost in their own little worlds “And the rest of you, go and get changed… children” she spat at them forcefully as she walked away.

Walking out of the room leaving wet trails across the floor, Demi and India quickly found the supplies room as the others tried to find some privacy to strip off their pee drenched clothing.

Looking around Demi realise it was just the the two of them alone and she could feel her emotions welling up, the reality of the situation hitting her, she could have been fired!

“I can’t believe you made me do that!” Demi hissed at India, the woman next to her all but responsible for the mess she had made in her clothes. The rapidly cooling underwear and stockings sticking to her legs and crotch.

“Tell me you didn’t enjoy that” India challenged, turning to face her and squinting her eyes at Demi accusingly but seemingly searching for something in her reaction.

“I…well..that’s not the point. I could have been…” Demi’s thoughts flustered as she stumbled between the truth and keeping hold of the anger that was quickly dissipating. But before she could carry on she was interrupted as India leaned in, pressing against her and kissing her passionately for a few seconds before breaking off their embrace .Demi was speechless, emotions racing through her body as she once again looked at the woman in front of her in a way she had never seen her before today. In fact, she was remarkably beautiful, her pale skin and almost purple hair contrasting to each other, a few pale freckles scattered across her skin that was currently very flushed. Not to mention her drenched clothes, her brown corduroy trousers shining and sticking to India’s legs, a few remaining drops still falling from the saturated material as it pressed up against Demi.

Feeling her heart beat faster Demi could feel a desire building up inside her once again, it had become hidden by such a strong need to pee. But now it was back and she wanted India more than anything else in the world at that moment. The other woman clearly waiting for a moment to see if she had gone too far kissing her, but she needn’t have worried. Almost launching herself at the ruby headed beauty, Demi planted her lips on India’s, their hands grasping and fondling each other as they smacked into the wall behind them. Stumbling from side to side with their lips still locked onto each other and their bodies pressed together they somehow managed to push their way through the door for some more privacy, separated only for a moment as India almost stumbled over the mop bucket they were sent for.

Unable to take it Demi pushed India to the floor while still locked in an embrace, the pair landing with a loud clunk and in an ungainly mess, their wet clothes pressing against each other and only adding to the fire. Bursting out Laughing at the inelegant moment Demi couldn’t help but get lost in the eyes of the woman under her. The pair sharing a moment before she pressed her lips against India’s, the build up of the last two days driving her mad, and in combination with what she was now sure was their shared interest, she couldn’t help herself.

Placing a knee on the ground between India’s wet thigh’s she started to push herself against her, their lips still hungrily exploring each others faces and necks. Reaching around she placed a hand up India’s shirt, fondling one of her breasts through the fabric of her bra and enjoying the ragged whimper that her partner let out in response.

Feeling a reciprocating hand snaking up her front with another on her back pulling her closer, Demi was lost in the sensation and heat of India’s body. Moaning loudly as India kissed along her neck while playing with her nipple, Demi couldn’t help but speed up her thrusting. The friction of their wet legs sending waves of pleasure through her body that had seemingly been on edge for days.

“Im going to cum” Demi whispered hoarsely into India’s ear as her thrusting became more frenzied, her body not needing much to get going given everything that had happened.

“Cum for me” India said demandingly, thrusting upwards and pulling Demi close as the orgasm overtook her. Her thrusting continuing in a twitching manor as an explosion of pure ecstasy erupted between her legs, causing Demi to arch her back and throw her head back. A wisp of air escaping in almost a cough as she quivered in delight, experiencing a pleasure so immeasurable she was completely lost to it. Never before had she felt like this, her body burning, twitching and convulsing with pleasure .

But she didn’t have time to recover before she found herself being tossed to the floor, India taking the dominant position as she sought out her own pleasure. Pinning Demi’s arms to the ground with her hands on her wrists, India planted her lips forcefully onto Demi’s still tingling body as she ground her womanhood into her now flat stomach. Sliding back and forth with some speed it took mere moments before a grunt escaped her, hunched over her torso lurched forwards as she groaned into Demi’s mouth, their lips still connected. Demi could feel India's body shaking and quivering as she succumbed to the incarnate pleasure as well. The pair having been able to live out more than even their ultimate fantasies would have thought of, not just with them but half a dozen other people. The weekend had proven more than they could ever imaged.

Breathing heavily India let her body collapse ontop of Demi, the pair exhausted and spent after the events of the last day. The pair lying motionless where they were, bodies coated in sweat and pee, hearts racing and minds in euphoric bliss.

Chuckling exhaustedly Demi kissed the back of India’s head as it laid on her chest.

“Do you think we should get out of here?”

“I don’t think I can move” India said back, clearly satisfied.

Laughing again Demi carefully moved India from her body, starting to sit up before falling back.

“Yeah maybe give it a couple of minutes” She said softly, her body completely drained.

“Did we lock the door?” India laughed into the floor as she laid motionless. Causing them both to chuckle, what would anyone think if they walked in on the pair of them like this?

But at this moment, neither of them could care in the slightest.

###

Hi, hope you all enjoyed that chapter and the development of Demi and India's relationship. Took a few more days than I aimed for.

This may be continued, I have a few ideas of where I would take this, but fancy starting something new. Started to get writers block and sometimes a new story can help fix that.

Although I was thinking back to my previous stories and was wondering which if any of them, you guys might like to see a continuation of, sequel or for me to expand the stories of?
