The day before lockdown: Kerri

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-01-03 01:33

Kerri read through the government document online checking and double checking as she sipped her coffee. With just two days notice given by the Prime Minister on a televised broadcast and the details only just published she was angry, stressed and determined. Her bed and breakfast at the coast was only just starting to recover from the first long lockdown in spring and summer and giving refunds almost bankrupt her, but the thought of having to do it all again made her feel sick to her stomach.

Finishing her coffee she opened a fresh tab and checked the Facebook group for other bed and breakfast owners. So many friends she had made online now depressed, quitting the business or even talking of taking legal action. She wasn’t sure which group she’d be part of next but closing again was definitely a last resort. Not only because of the financial implications but because she had some lovely guests staying and she was loving their company. As she noted a few links down for later she heard the front door bell chime as the door opened. It was Rasheed, one of the current lodgers.

Despite his limited English Kerri found his company enthralling. His laughter was contagious, his smile captivating and his physique desirable. Kerri realised that after two months in her bed and breakfast she would miss him greatly if lockdown meant he had to leave. She wondered if he was aware of the situation and decided to try and talk to him despite the language barrier. She got his attention in a way she had discovered worked every time...by walking up to him with a mug and a box of tea bags! Rasheed loved his tea, probably as much because Kerri always accompanied it by opening her tin of home baking and Rasheed delighted in the scones, biscuits and shortbread that were often still warm.

As they sat at the dining table drinking tea and enjoying a small cake together Kerri did her best to convey the impending lockdown and it’s meaning to Rasheed. Wether he understood or not she wasn’t sure but she couldn’t help but notice the sparkle in his deep dark eyes and his gorgeous brown skin tone.

‘Have you got anywhere else to live Rasheed?’

‘Yes? Live here?’

‘I mean if they say you need to leave on Friday? Can you return to Sudan?’

‘No? Stay here? More money?’

‘No. No Rasheed. You know about the virus? Well the country is shutting down. They want me to close for a while. Everyone has to stay home. Can you return home?’

‘Man say job no done yet. We stay.’

‘You work with Jamal don’t you? Where do you work?’

‘Yes mam. We build.’

Kerri’s eyes shone. Builders? Construction? Wasn’t that one of the industries she read could continue? She was certain it was, and if they had nowhere else to stay then surely she could stay open? She wasn’t one to pry into the business of those who stayed with her but on this occasion it was necessary and might just prevent her losing her dream. She needed more.

‘Rasheed what do you build? Houses?’

‘No. No. Not that. What do you call it? Sick people place? Horse petal?’

Kerri giggled as she finished her tea.

‘You mean a hospital?’

Rasheed nodded.

Even better! If Kerri could just somehow get this in writing then not only could both lads stay on, but her business might just make it through for another year. Kerri smiled at Rasheed hoping he wouldn’t think she was prying too much.

‘Sorry for asking Rasheed but I want you and Jamal to stay on even in lockdown. I think it’s, actually I KNOW, it’s allowed, but I need paperwork to show officials. Do you have details of the company by any chance? A contract of employment I could copy?’

Rasheed looked at her confused.

‘What company are you building for? Do you have a name and number for your boss?’

Rasheed frowned, still confused.

Just as Kerri was thinking how to ask a different way the door chine went again as Jamal came in caring a carrier bag of shopping. Rasheed called to him speaking in what Kerri assumed was Arabic. Kerri watched as Jamal pulled his mobile out his pocket, scrolled down then showed Kerri a name and number. Writing it down Kerri hoped it was their boss so she could secure the necessary paperwork needed to keep the lads staying. Thanking Jamal the gents went upstairs as Kerri did her usual sign for eating she’d made up and showed 6 fingers which the guests now understood to mean dinner was at 6.

Excited by this new information Kerri decided to call the number right away. Sitting at the kitchen table she turned the laptop back on and waited for the call to be answered. Answer machine. Kerri logged into the Facebook group again and posted a question. Could she stay open if her guests were in construction and had nowhere else to stay? While she waited to see what the others said she tried the number again. Finally it was answered and Kerri introduced herself and asked if this was the company building the local hospital. It was. Phew! She then asked if a Jamal and Rasheed were employed by them. They couldn’t disclose this information. Kerri sighed. But hearing her desperation they passed on another number for her to call.

Anxious, but determined to get the paperwork in place for the men to stay, and fuelled on by the encouragement of her friends in the social media group, Kerri made more calls and found herself having to repeat her situation over and over again. Not one to give in she eventually discovered that both men were employed in the building trade, both were nightly thought of and skilled and they were both contracted currently to build the new local hospital. Getting excited, Kerri felt she couldn’t stop now as she just needed these details in writing. Caught up entirely in the moment she shuffled on the chair to get closer to the laptop and found another number to call.

Time passed and Kerri was starting to make headway. She now had an email confirming both men’s full names, date of births and confirmation they were allowed to work in the U.K. she’d never doubted that but having it on email could be useful. Now she just required written proof they worked an ‘essential key worker job’ and that they had nowhere else to live. Swinging her legs under the chair she could feel her excitement rising. She typed emails, made more calls and read more government documents listing what she needed to meet the criteria to remain open.

Pausing for a quick check on dinner, which she had thankfully put in the oven earlier, she poured herself a glass of juice and, realising she now really needed the bathroom after all the coffee and tea earlier, she was about to head upstairs to the loo when the phone rang again. Eager to get everything in place she picked up her glass and went back to the dining table and answered the phone. Sitting crossed legged Kerri hoped the call wouldn’t be long as she pulled her top leg tight and tapped her foot. Her mouth dry from all the phone calls she sipped at the juice as she explained again what she needed and why.

It was the head office for the building company and while they were happy to help they needed Kerri to tell them a lot of information. When had the men first arrived at hers? Kerri stood up and walked over to her diary, having to dance around as she turned back the pages until she saw the date she needed. One hand on the kitchen counter she squeezed her muscles hard as her need to pee got stronger. She was put on hold while the dates were checked and Kerri covered the mouthpiece and begged them to hurry.

‘I gotta pee so much! Hurry up!’

Finally the caller returned. The dates matched the men’s arrival proving they had only ever stayed in Kerri’s accommodation which meant they had nowhere else to live.

‘Could I have that sent as an email please? And as a letter too actually. Just in case authorities require. And I need confirmation they are employed by you and working on the hospital. Thanks.’

‘Just a few more things first Miss Savage.’

Kerri sat back on the dining chair fidgeting and shifting to the edge as she sat awkwardly trying to find a way to help keep her bursting bladder at bay. Tensing, bouncing, tapping the table in frustration and swinging her legs Kerri could feel herself really struggling.

‘Will this take much longer? I...I have a meal needing to come out the oven!’

‘No. Can I just confirm your email there?’

‘Yes. Yes. Savage bed and breakfast, all one word, dash Seabay, at gmail dot com. Will it be sent today please?’

‘Yes. I’ll do it now. Would you like to wait on the line while I make sure it’s arrived. Just give me a few minutes to get things sorted my end.’

A few minutes? Kerri wasn’t sure her bladder could hold on that long. Pacing up and down the floor, her hands sweating and her toes tightly curled in her boots she heard her breathing get heavier as her bladder ached for release. Every second seemed to drag by as Kerri waited and checked for the email. Returning again to the laptop she couldn’t stop herself squirming and bending forwards as she refreshed her emails again.

‘Are you still there Miss Savage?’

‘Yes. Yes, I’m here.’

‘You should have that email now.’

Refreshing yet again Kerri sighed. Trying not to show her impatience Kerri answered sharper than she intended to due to her urgency to pee.

‘No! It’s not here! I haven’t got it!’

‘Can you confirm your email again please?’

As Kerri bent forwards gripping the table with her free hand and bending up and down at the waist she began spelling out letter by letter her email as she desperately tried to keep her full bladder on hold. Looking down at the laptop, phone in hand she failed to notice Rasheed walk into the room as he stood near the doorway watching. In awe of what was playing right in front of his eyes he stood frozen in time realising quickly what must be wrong with his landlord. Listening to her breathing, her sexy voice, and the clicking of her boots on the wooden floor Rasheed felt breathless himself. Staying as inconspicuous as possible he waited as Kerri continued on.

‘Yes! Yes a dash! Like a take away sign? No all lower case letters, no spaces. Yes I’m in my email now. Refreshing again.’

A pause.

‘Yes! Finally! Thank you for your help. Sorry I really really need to go. Bye!’

Putting the phone down Rasheed watched in awe as Kerri danced in a circle behind the table like a young child. As she muttered ‘God I thought I was going to pee myself there’, he took a step back into the doorway so she wouldn’t see him. Hearing her boots get closer he jumped as a bell rang suddenly.

‘No! Not now oven! I don’t believe this!’

Hearing the steps go the opposite way Rasheed entered the room again, his heart pounding. As he approached the dining table he glanced into the open kitchen as he saw a sight he knew he’d never forget. Kerri was bent forwards, her legs shaking and her bottom wriggling as she leaned into the oven to pull out a casserole dish. Placing it on a stand he saw her press the tea towel in her hands between her legs as she marched on the spot.

Clearing his throat Rasheed walked over to the doorway of the kitchen. ‘You ok lady?’

Absolutely frantic to get to the toilet, unaware anyone was there and having been delayed way too long all afternoon, Kerri got such a fright when Rasheed spoke. Standing perfectly still in her own kitchen and looking right at Rasheed she felt a spurt damped her underwear and jeans.

‘I emmm...I really need to...’

But it was too late.

Rasheed looked at Kerri’s jeans as she looked at him. The smell of the casserole filling the kitchen Kerri stood silently as she felt her jeans filling and getting wetter and wetter as Rasheed’s eyes stayed fixed on them. As pee soaked right to her ankles and boots Kerri stood there frozen to the spot. The warm wetness of her jeans felt somehow relieving and wonderful to Kerri but embarrassment made her cheeks flush.

Rasheed stepped into the kitchen, smiling at Kerri as he patted her on the shoulder.

‘I make table for you? Ok?’

‘Yes! If you could set the table I’ll be right back! Thank you! By the way it’s all sorted now. You can stay on here even in lockdown.’

As Kerri rushed out of the kitchen to go upstairs and freshen up she flushed with happiness as she heard Rasheed in the kitchen.

‘Rasheed happy. Rasheed very happy man.’

‘

