[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 3

Author: Misteriousmr

*051*2016-04-26 18:43

Thanks :3 I've been planning an overarching story pretty much from the beginning, so maybe if all is said and done the story will suddenly make sense when it first didn't :)

*052*2016-04-26 19:44

Emily was glad she'd emptied her bladder, otherwise it's contents would now be covering her pants. The hulking beast in front of her was terrifying, and that was an understatement. She shook her head and tried to snap out of it. She grabbed her Pokeball and threw it into the air, where Noctowl appeared.

"Noctowl, use substitute!" Noctowl kept flying on the same spot, but Emily turned around to talk to the real one.

"Now, Noctowl, use future sight!" Noctowls eyes started glowing, signalling that the attack was now under effect. Meanwhile, the goliath charged up for an attack. A giant lava ball formed inside its mouth, after which, with an enormous roar, the firery pillar was shot straight at- and through -the Noctowl.

"Noctowl, use Aerial ace!" Noctowl rushed at the Pokemon as its winges started to glow a bright white, and slashed the monster across the face. This, however, made it aware of the real Noctowl, and it fired a fireball at it, hitting it mid-flight.

Noctowl fainted!

Emily grabbed the first Pokeball from the ground and threw it into the air. She flinched as a big, yellow spider landed before her.

"Galvantula, use Thunder wave!" a circle of electricity spread from the spider, hitting its opponent in the chest. In the moment that it was under it's effects, Emily seized the opportunity.

"Galvantula, use Zap cannon!" even though this was an attack that was hard to land, she knew she had to go all out in this battle. A big ball of lightning appeared in front of Galvantula, and it shot out a thick, sollid beam of electricity, hitting her enemy in the head. It recoiled in pain, when suddenly a pink aura appeared around it, the future sight had hit. The pink aura imploded, sending Emily scuffeling to stay on her feet. The monster seemed to be getting tired, but was obviousl preparing an attack, as it raised one of its massive feet up from the lava.

"Galvantula, use Magnet rise!" the spider floated upwards as the foot came down, sending an earthquacke to the area the Pokemon was just standing.

"Galvantula use-" *Bang!* Galvantula had been blindsided by a slash, and it flew to the air, landing on its back against a pillar and curling its legs inward.

Galvantula fainted!

"Damnit!" Emily yelled, as she grabbed the next Pokeball. Kirlia seemed ready to fight. The giant was getting tired, as its eyes moved around frantically.

"Kirlia, use Echoed voice!" Kirlia let out a shriek, which reflected off of the walls of the cave, seemingly stunning the Pokemon for a moment.

"Kirlia, now use Psychic!" A pinkish pulse came from Kirlia's head, striking the opponent. However, even though it seemed to get weaker, it also got angrier. It roared again, raising its arms to the sky as an ancient power surged from him. Giant, rugged, stone spires jutted up from the ground, hitting Kirlia, who was shot straight up by the sheer force of the move. It landed with a thud and with her eyes closed.

Kirlia fainted!

Emily knew it was over, but she wasn't going down without a fight. She grabbed the last Pokeball and out came Magikarp, splashing around like the fool it was. The lava beast stared for a moment, before swiping at the fish with his claw, sending it flying through the air, hitting the wall. He fell down. Suddenly, it's eye opened, and it barely held on to it's conciousness. It flopped it's way over the the best and, without any rhyme or reason, used Flail. Jumping up and hitting the monster in the face with all its might, the beast looked shocked as it stumbled backwards and fell, defeated. Emily quickly grabbed one of her great balls and threw it.

It wiggled...

And wiggled...

And wiggled...

And...

*Click*

The Pokeball rolled to her feet, when she suddenly noticed a light comming from the left of her. As she turned, she saw the Magikarp, weak and pathetic as it was, slowly turn into a ball of light and grow and extent to an insane level, befor the light died down to reveal the newly evolved Gyarados, it's mighty head scraping against the ceiling. Emily looked up, shakily put the great ball away...and fainted...

*054*2016-04-26 19:48

Haha, hey, I can't blame her, she wasn't really prepared for this fight xD

Also, as of this message, I'll have 100 posts! woooh!

*055*2016-04-26 20:51

Chloe watched on in horror as she saw Emily collapse. The flames died down and she ran over to her friend, holding her in her arms. Emily slowly opened her eyes.

"Man, da was sumfin, ey?" she said with a slur.

"Emily, that was amazing! You caught a Groudon, and a primal one at that!"

"A whatnow?" Emily asked as she sat up.

Chloe grabbed her booklet and flipped to the chapter about legendary Pokemon. "Groudon, the continent Pokemon. Known for its immense power, Groudon is depicted in legends as being at war with the ocean Pokemon Kyogre until Rayquaza intervened. It is said that it created the continents. On top of that, it is also known as the biggest and heaviest Pokemon. There are rumors that an artifact can revert the beast back to its primal form, significantly amplifying its power. Whoever is lucky enough to obtain this power, has their hands on one of the most capable Pokemon ever...and that's you! You caught a fucking legendary Pokemon! How you like them apples? No ommelete, no pasta, you-caught-a-fucking-legendary-Pokemoooooon" Chloe shouted. Emily was still rather dazed by all of it. Chloe realised Emily was worn out from the battle, and decided it was time to head back.

In the hotelroom, Emily changed into her pyjamas, fell onto the bed and fell asleep instantly. Chloe made sure she was asleep and sneaked to the bathroom. Her suspicions were correct. She headed back downstairs to the front desk.

"What can I do for you?" the man asked.

"Well, I noticed that the bathroom has a lock on it, is there a key to it as well?"

"Oh, yes, my colleague should've told you that; there is a key in the desk in the room."

"Ah, thank you." Chloe said, thankfull the man didn't ask any questions, and she headed back upstairs.

"So, what are the plans for today?" Emily asked as they ate breakfast on their balcony.

"Well, I thought we could first go give our Pokemon a breather, come back to the room for lunch, take on the gym, and then tomorrow we'll visit the mall on our way out of town." Chloe said

"Looks like you got it all figured out." Emily smiled.

"How are you feeling? You were pretty beat yesterday. Oh, mentioning that, you should probably use the bathroom before we go." Chloe added.

Emily looked suspicious. "I'm fine, thanks" she said, deciding to drop the subject.

"Are you comming?" Emily asked from the hallway.

"One second I- ah shit!"

Emily walked back into their room. Chloe had dropped her belt, and Galvantula's Pokeball had opened. The spider was currently crawling out the door and dissapeared onto the side of the building.

"Ugh, you go on ahead, I'll catch up once I got him" Chloe said, grumpily nodding towards the balcony.

Chloe joined Emily a few minutes later outside.

"Got him?" Emily asked as she looked at Noctowl air out his wings

"Yep, Kirlia knew Attract, so that helped." Chloe responded as she let out her Kirlia, Galvantula and Gyarados.

Chloe and Emily spend the morning letting their Pokemon run around freely, having them take the day off. They said on the beach for a bit enjoying the warm morning sun and walked along the boulevard. It was about 12 AM when they decided to get lunch from a restaurant nearby. They walked back to the hotel with their bread in hand, and it was only at the front door of the hotel that the put their Pokemon back into their balls.

Once in their room, Chloe let herself fall onto the bed.

"You knoooow" she said, "we haven't actually tried this bed properly" she said with a wink to Emily. Emily smiled back, but Chloe noticed how she was slightly crossing her legs, meaning her plan was working. "Something the matter, dear?" Chloe asked innocently.

"Hmmmno, just kinda...toilet..." Emily said with a koy smile.

"Well I don't mind, just, let it go"

"I told you, I can't, I guess I may be too shy to do that or something, as much as I'd love to do it for you...no" Emily said, as she slowly got in motion.

"Well dear..." Chloe said, as Emily pushed on the doorhandle of the bathroom door, "I don't think you have a choice." Chloe continued with an evil grin as Emily looked on in horror when the door wouldn't budge, and Chloe moved the key in her pocket between her fingers...

TOBY CONTINUED

*057*2016-04-27 15:10

"Are you serious?" Emily asked as the realisation slowly sank in

"Hey, up till now it's been me, now it's your turn"

Emily was dumbfounded for a while, before grinning.

"But what about Glittermine cave?"

"Oh please, that doesn't count, you have to enjoy it, experience it!". Chloe was starting to sounds like an infomertial, but not a good one.

"Pleeeeaaaase Chlo" Emily begged, dropping to her knees. Her bladder was starting to protest against the lack of release.

"No." Chloe said resolute.

Emily stood up angain and started pacing back and forth, trying to keep her mind of off her bladder. Chloe watch her from the bed, patiently waiting for the inevitable. Emily unwillingly put one hand on her crotch, removing it as she saw Chloe grinning. As she walked, she tried to scrape her legs together with every step to relieve the itch that was developing. As Chloe waited, she saw Emily's muscles slowly getting more and more tense as the pressure built. Emily was slowly starting to panick as she felt her bladder slowly move outward, creating a bulge in her abdomen. She stopped walking as the pressure built and crossed her legs slightly.

"Come on Em, you can do it!" Chloe cheered her friend on with an evil grin.

"Oh shut it you" Emily said.

Emily's toes started to wiggle and she pushed one hand into her crotch. She doubled over slightly, getting a close look of her bright blue pants that were still completely dry. Chloe smiled as Emily rubbed her already crossed legs together, causing her to shake her butt in the process. Emily felt like she was going to explode as her bladder started to feel numb under the pressure. Her body slowly started shaking and her muscles were starting to tire, she was panting and focussed completely on not wetting herself. "Why am I even holding back?" she wondered, "Chloe wants it, I want it, but...I can't...something compels me too hold on...". Her body went from shaking to trembling as both of Emily's hand were now firmly grasping her crotched, getting slightly smushed by her legs that were crossed so far, there was an open space between her right- and left knee.

"So, I think I've seen enough" Chloe said. Emily looked up. What? Was she going to unlock the door? Had this been a test? Chloe slowly stood up, but to Emily's horror she didn't walk to the door, but to her.

"Nonono, please Chlo don't..." Emily muttered.

"Sorry, what did you say hunny? Speak up, will you?" She said, as she sat down in front of Emily.

"Nooooooo" Emily moaned as Chloe slowly and agonizingly stuck out a finger and prodded her leg.

"Oh, Em, you are quite tense, that's not good for your health. Here, let me help." Chloe said as she started to scratch the sensitive part of her leg around her crotch with one finger. Emily felt Chloe's nail move downward over her leg, and her body started shaking violently. Chloe stuck out her other hand and simultaniously started scratching her other leg.

"Don't worry, I'll help you relax your muscles" Chloe softly said.

Emily's muscles were slowly starting to convulse as the pressure, mixed with the stimulation was slowly reaching an edge. Chloe looked up. Emily was bent over and her boobs, now hanging downward, were directly above Chloe's head, which gave her another idea.

"It's...okay" Chloe slowly said as she raised her head and slowly let her lips come into contact with Emily's left boob. Emily was a mass of motion at this point, not a single part of her body was being wasted in the all-out struggle against her release. "Mmmmmmnooo" Emily moaned as she felt a soft pressure push against her boobs, "MmmmmmmChloestopitttmmmmm". She suddenly realised why Chloe was doing it, as she slowly felt a warmth develop in her nether regions, signifying that she was getting turned on. Chloe spread out her hands and grabbed both legs. Emily was stronger than Chloe, but she was...occupied, causing Chloe to be able to slowly push against her legs, uncrossing them.

It was too much, it pushed her across the edge, and Emily slowly felt a warmth grow around her crotch. Something else she realized was that Chloe wasn't lying; the feeling was amazing. The warmth went down her leg as Emily moaned in pleasure. Chloe looked on, moving back to stay out of the puddle. She had to admit that watching someone wet was excillerating, but not as stimulating as doing it yourself, and it only took a glance at Emily's face to know that she agreed. She had her eyes closed and her head tilted slightly backwards as a stretched out moan came from deep within her, like an enormous sexual pressure had finale culminated in this moment.

Emily forgot her surroundings as the flood grew stronger, sending thicker waterfalls down her legs, slowly turing her pants a darker shade of blue. She stood there, and slowly the stream subsided. She still had her eyes closed, as she felt the last few drips slowly drift down. Suddenly, her pants were gone, as she felt a hand rub her clit, still covered in wet panties, being rubbed faster and faster. It felt better with the panties, she realised as her moans grew louder and contained more shreiks of pleasure. It didn't take her long to climax, sending a shockwave through her body.

"There you go" Chloe said as Emily came. She slowly stood up, rubbing Emily's head. Emily slowly opened her eyes.

"Thank you" she said, "you weren't lying about the feeling". She smiled at Chloe, when she suddenly pulled Emily over to the bed.

"Come on," Chloe said to a confused Emily, "my turn." she explained as she let herself fall onto the bed backwards. Emily simply smiled as she closed in on her girlfriend.

The room was a mess and poth girls had heated face when they were finally laying on the bed, both naked and panting.

"Best. hotel. ever." Emily joked

"Absolutely" Chloe laughed.

"Hey, how...how did you plan all this without me finding out?" Emily asked.

"Well, I noticed the lock" Chloe explained, "And yesterday evening I asked where it was. I locked the bathroom when I was looking for Galvantula, who, spoiler allert, hadn't escaped, I just said he had to Tackle a pidgey that was flying by".

"So...What are we gonna do now?" Emily asked.

"Well, you ready for the Water-type gym?" Chloe answered with another question, smiling at her girlfriend. She noticed a warmth as she saw Emily's boobs rythmically go up and down as she breathed.

"But...I only have a Noctowl...ooooh..wait..." She said, as memories of her encounter with Groudon came flodding back, "thanks for lending me your pokemon, by the way..." she added, as she smiled at Chloe

Meanwhile, a woman with purple hair and a weird hand-held device looked annoyed...

TOOT BEEP CONTINUED

*059*2016-04-27 18:31

"Sunshoal city gym, leader: Barry, the man that'll make you feel blue! Wow, what a catchphrase." Emily sneered.

The inside of the gym was big, blue, and L shaped. There was a large pool in front of them, with one bridge leading to a small outcrop quite a bit away. Chloe walked over the bridge and found a switch. When she pulled it, the bridge she'd used to enter dissapeared underwater, and a new one arose between another outcrop and between the outcrop and the start. Emily walked over to another switch which was located next to the exit to the gym. She pulled it, and the bridge Chloe'd used reappeared, making the bridge between the second outcrop and the start dissapear.

Emily walked over the bridge towards Emily and saw another outcrop in front of her, now also reachable via bridge. Chloe walked over to the second outcrop and hit the switch. The bridge between her and Emily sank, but the bridge to the start reappeared, as well as making a bridge to the last outcrop. Emily and Chloe met on the last outcrop, and in the distance they saw the gym leader. Chloe hit the switch and all the bridges sank, as a gigantic one rose before them, connecting them to the gym leader.

"Hello ladies!" Barry said. He was a rather handsome man, somewhere in his 30s. He had a small beard and halflong, brown hair. "I'm barry, the Sunshoal city gymleader! Who do I have the pleasure of battling today?".

"I'm Chloe,"

"And I'm Emily!"

"Ah, Chloe, Emily, nice to meet you! Who will be taking me on first?" he asked with a big smile.

"Go ahead, it was your idea." Emily said, making a step backwards.

"Ah, excelent! Well Chloe, you ready?" he said with a wink.

"Absolutely." Chloe responded as she sent out Galvantula.

"Go, Piplup!" a small, blue pinguin landed on the ground. "Go! Use bubble!" Piplup opened its beak and shot out a flurry of high-speed bubbles, which popped on contact with Galvantula.

"Galvantula, use thunderpunch!" Galventula raised a leg and swiped at Piplup while discharging electricity through its leg. piplup went flying and hit the wall.

"Good shot" Barry winked as he withdrew Piplup

"Go, Mantine!" a big manta ray splashed onto the ground. "Quickly, use dive!" the Pokemon gracefully jumped into the pool and dissapeared out of sight.

Chloe thought, before thinking of a way to solve Mantine's seemingly invisibility.

"Galvantula, use Bug buzz!" Galvantula rubbed it's jaws together, creating a sound that resonated through the water. Mantine came up on land looking around frantically.

"Now, Galvantula, use Electroweb!" Galvantula electrified itself while spitting silk over the beached Pokemon, which shuddered under the electricty until it fainted.

"You know..." Barry said while withdrawing Mantine, "I made a mistake, if you'd used any electric attack while it was diving..."

"Where's the fun in that?" Chloe said with a smile.

"Do it, Spheal!". The small, round, extremely cute Pokemon flapped his flippers once it was out. "Use Rollout!"

"Galvantula, use Thunderbolt!" the bolt of lightning headed for Spheal, who rolled out of the way. "Again!" Spheal rolled around the attack, straight into Galvantula.

Chloe was getting frustratet, his Spheal was too quick to hit normally.

"Spheal, use Water cannon!" a blast of water hit Galvantula, doing more than piplup's bubble had before.

"Galvantula, use Bind!" Galvantula jumped up and landed directly in front of Spheal, wrapping its legs around the Pokemon. "Now, use Flash!"

Galvantula's body started flashing with electricity, electrocuting the Spheal as it tried to escape.

"Well, never seen that one before" Barry stated.

"It comes down to my best Pokemon, go, Poliwrath! Now, use Soak!" Poliwrath sprayed a thin layer of water onto Galvantula, who looked confused about what just had happened.

"Galvantula, use Thunderbolt!" The thunderbolt hit, but didn't take out the Poliwrath.

"Poliwrath, use Surf!" Poliwrath lifted itself up on a giant pillar of water, before letting it crash down onto Galvantula, who was severely weakened by this point. "Poliwrath, finish it off, use Quick attack!" Poliwrath seemed to vanish as it shot forward, hitting Galvantula square in the face. Galvantula flinched, shook, and collapsed. Chloe withdrew Galvantula and decided to give her newest Pokemon a chance. Barry flinched slightly as the Gyarados appeared in front of him.

"Gyarados, use Dragon rage!" From the Pokemon's gaping maw a big, purple beam was fired, striking Poliwrath with such force that it slammed into the wall behind Barry.

"Good job!" Barry said, as he handed Chloe the wave-shaped badge. "Now, Emily, you want to try?"

Barry was still catching his breath as Emily withdrew her Primal Groudon. It's ability made water-types move vaporise, and Groudon hadn't taken a single hit as it tore through the competition. Barry handed Emily another badge.

"That, is one seriously strong Pokemon. Where did you find a Pokemon that looked like Groudon?" Barry sighed.

"I didn't" Emily simply answered, and Chloe and Emily left the gym laughing.

On the way back to the hotel Emily bought a newspaper.

"glittermine cave explosion - by our corrospondent from Moonterra town. Glittermine cave has been closed when an explosion caused a cave-in around the famous mineshaft. The source of the explosion has not been found, but there are enough rumors going around. Some people blame terrorists, some people say it was simply a wild Voltorb that fell down. Experts are still unsure about the source. The glittermine cave was used to mine for rare stones used in things like evolution and jewelry. The most famous stone that was discovered and subsequently mined from Glittermine cave was the dusk stone, which was used for evolution of dark-type Pokemon. "Traveling between Moonterra and Amethius city in any other way than flying is impossible." a representative told us, "which may influence the economy of Moonterra severely". People are adviced to stay away from the cave in fear of another explosion or cave in. Dang, that's quite something, I wonder what happened there?" Emily read.

"I dunno, mostly just happy we weren't in there when it caved in." Chloe responded.

"I'm mostly happy I'm not in there, cave in or not!" Emily said jokingly.

"Hello sir? This is 450, reporting in, searches in Sunshoal city have come up with nothing."

"Damnit! 440 just told me the same. They have to be here, we just need to find them!"

"How is the project GM going?"

"Oh, that's going fine. As soon as I have those stones, maybe there'll be more results. As for right now, return to the HQ, and we'll see where you'll scan next."

"Very well sir, 450 out."

2 B C0NT1NU3D

*062*2016-04-27 19:13

Primal Groudon is ground-fire buddy :3 but thanks for the encouragement loveyoulongtime :x

*063*2016-04-27 19:57

Chloe was wondering if this was a good idea. She looked around. Maybe she should've asked for Emily to come with, but she didn't want to put her through the fear again. She looked up, the mineshaft stretching above her. The cave in had been easy to break through. Chloe took a deep breath and entered the mine. She walked pretty far, and after a while, more and more dark stones were appearing in the wall. She looked at one up closer. The darkness within seemed to swirl around like a cloud. She tapped on the stone, and after the third tap, it burst open. Chloe was confused, the dusk stones she'd seen in her dad's office were sollid and almost unbreakable.

The dark cloudlike energy within spilled out until all the light around her was gone. She tried to reach for her Pokeballs, but remembered she'd left them upstairs, afraid that she somehow would set off another explosion. She covered her face and walked through the darkness, untill she saw something white. It looked almost like smoke but...thicker, more solid. It stayed in place and didn't grow or dicipate, instead it just moved, almost like a scarf. She slowly walked towards it.

"Chloe?"

It was Emily, what was she doing here?

"CHLOE!"

The white smoke slowly rose up, revealing it to be cut off. As it rose, it revealed a single, blue eye. Chloe screamed and stumbled backwards, falling in a hole she hadn't seen before.

"CHLOE!"

She landed on something surprisingly soft. Around her, the same word was written over and over again; "ECALCE". Chloe looked around, tried to get away, everything was wrong, she started crying, screaming for help...

"CHLOE!"

"CHLOE, CHLOE WAKE UP!" Emily desperately shook her shaking, screaming, crying girlfriend as her arms and legs mowed over the bed, hitting Emily a couple of times. Chloe open her eyes wide, still screaming, though she soon calmed down.

"Hey, hey, it's ok, I'm here" Emily said, quickly pulling her sobbing Chloe towards her, "Hey, shhh, it's ok, everything's ok."

Chloe slowly moved away from her chest and looked at Emily. She was in quite a state, she had bruises on her hip, stomach, arms and legs, and had a cut on her shoulder.

"You're hurt" Chloe said.

"It's nothing." Emily lied, she felt like she'd been dropped from the 5th floor of a building. "Come on, let's get some breakfast." she said. Chloe only then noticed that it was morning. With a slight sting of shame she also noticed a big wet spot on the bedsheets.

"Ok, whereto next?" Chloe asked.

"The third gym is a flying type gym, located in Skytorch city." Emily cleared her throat before reading on, "Skytorch city is known as an extravagant city mostly inhabited by the wealthy, including people like movie stars, succesfull Pokemon trainers and bankers. Some noticable features are the Skytorch tower, home to the Skytorch city gym, and persigold casino, the biggest casino in the region. Okay, sounds cool enough, maybe we'll see a well known trainer. Let's see, after that, we're going toooooo..." Emily stuck out her toungue slightly as she moved her finger across the map, before stopping at a city close to the north-east corner of the region, "there it is, let's seeee, Eclace city...Oh my god Chloe!" Chloe had collapsed as she said the name, "Chloe, are you alright?".

"I- I'm fine. Did you say...Eclace?"

"Yes, umm, Eclace city is well known as a city where trainers of dark- and ghost type Pokemon like to gather. It is rumored to attract these type of Pokemon by an unknown force. It's most noticable feature is the skyscraper commonly known as "the leg of darkness", which is one of the highest buildings in the region."

Chloe was slightly shaking. She did not want to go there, at all.

"Hey, look, let's first just get to Skytorch city, then we'll see what we'll do, ok?" Emily said, while helping Chloe up, "Besides, I want to check out this feature before going there anyway; it's called "Evolution tower", and it's said there's a lot of mystery surrounding the place, as only some trainers can enter it."

"Yeah...yeah, you're right..." Chloe said, wondering if they'd even be able to enter the tower at all...

"Hey, 439, call 430! He needs to see this!"

"No matter,I'm here, what is it 438?"

"Look, this stone is...burst..."

"Burst? But...Dusk stones can't burst! If anything, it should be broken...I'll report it to the boss."

After a long day of walking and training, the girls made their way to Skytorch city. The city was large and round. The buildings were extravagant, with a lot of highrises made from a white, marble-like stone and decorated with golden symbols and patterns. In the middle of the city, the Skytorch tower rose up. It was a large, round tower, getting progressively thinner towards the top. Atop the tower, a large flame lit up the night sky.

"Huh...now I know why it's called Skytorch city..." Emily said, looking up at the flame.

The inn they slept in was the most luxurious trainer in they'd had. The room was spacious and while it wasn't as big as their previous bed, it was still pretty big. Chloe couldn't help but look at the bed and shiver. Emily wrapped an arm around her.

"Hey, if it gets too bad, we'll go see nurse Joy, ok?"

"Yeah" Chloe answered, feeling slightly reassured.

TOtodile BEedrill CONTINUED

*066*2016-04-28 07:51

It was dark, and Chloe was affraid. "I have to wake up..." she thought, "this is another nightmare!". She focused, trying to wake up, she imagined her room, Emily, her Pokemon, the fresh air...

Chloe woke up. She looked around wearily. The room was there, and she breathed in the fresh, clean air. She turned around and softly shook Emily.

"Em, wake up, I had a nightmare."

Emily suddenly opened her left eye wide open. Chloe recoiled and fell off the bed when a bright blue eye was in place of her girlfriends normal, blue-grayish eye.

Chloe woke up. Panting, she looked over. Emily was awake as well, her eyes now normal.

"You ok?" Emily asked, "you're sweating all over!"

Chloe sighed, she had to see nurse Joy.

"I'm fine, just gonna, splash some water on my face." she said while walking towards the bathroom.

When she opened the bathroom door and put her foot forward, she fell into the black abyss that was in place of the bathroom, towards a blue eye.

Chloe woke up. Frustrated, she looked around. Suddenly, Emily shot up, and she had regained her one blue eye as she lunged at Chloe.

Chloe woke up. A blue eye was staring right at her from above her bed.

Chloe woke up. Her room was a black void with the eye closer to her.

Chloe woke up. All she saw was blue and one, white pupil.

Chloe woke up...

Chloe was on the floor, next to the bed. Her legs and arms hurt.

"Oh thank god, I thought I'd lost you!" Emily said. She was looking down at her from the edge of the bed, "we're going to nurse Joy, now!".

"Hello sir, this is 470. The readings in Skytorch city just peaked."

"Good, good. I'll send more people to read up on what is going on in that area."

"Do you want me to do anything else, sir?"

"No, no, you've done good, take a break."

"Will do, thank you sir. 470 out."

A man with purple hair was standing in the middle of the street. He pressed a button on his device which folded inwards until it fit in his pocket. He looked around. A break...he walked towards a large, illuminated building with "Persigold casino" above it.

Emily had to put an arm around Chloe to stop her from collapsing as they walked towards the Pokemon center.

"Nurse Joy, quickly!" Emily said as she walked into the center. The nurse behind the counter looked up, and as soon as she saw Chloe, ran over to the girls, helping Emiliy support her.

"Here, bring her 'round back" she said, nodding towards a hallway.

They put Chloe, who was seeing white with big circles around her eyes, on the hospital bed. Emily loosened her shoulder while Joy typed a few things on the computer.

"What's happened?" nurse Joy asked.

"She's been having these nightmares, multiple times now, and she is almost impossible to wake up." Emily explained.

"Aha, yes, yes..." Joy mumbled while typing away, "and is there anything specific about these dreams?"

"I don't know, is there, Chlo?"

Chloe groaned. "Ummm, there's...an eye...a big, blue eye with a white pupil and...darkness, a dark void, but it always...starts as a normal dream" she explained.

"Yes, ok, you've most likely been under the effect of a Nightmare attack, hence why you're always difficult to wake up. I have something for that, one second." Nurse Joy left the room and came back shortly after with a bottle of pills. "These will help." she said as she handed Chloe one, "just swallow them whole.".

After Chloe swallowed the pill, she suggested that Chloe had some sleep.

"And you, ma'am, I'll make the guest room ready." she said, turning to Emily.

"No, absolutely not, I'm staying with her." Emily said resolutely. Nurse Joy looked from Chloe to Emily and back, before leaving the room and riding a second bed into the room.

"It's nice of you to take care of her, you must be close friends." Nurse Joy said with a smile.

"Haha, more than that." Emily joked, before realising what she'd said.

"Oooooh, I get it." nurse Joy added, "but, do make sure to get some rest and not...more activity" she said softly.

Emily had her mouth slightly agape, "Oh, no, that's not why I...that's not what I...I just..."

"I'm just saying it because I'm legaly required to dear, I trust you'll do best for the both of you." nurse Joy said as she put a hand on Emily's shoulder, as Emily slowly turned red.

It was still a dark void but, somehow, less threatening. "Hello?" Chloe called into the darkness. Slowly, the blue eye appeared. It was diffrent, it almost looked like it was underneath a layer of water, like it couldn't take form. "What do you want?" Chloe yelled towards it. A slow, menacing voice came from the darkness, and Chloe couldn't pinpoint from where, it was like it was all around her.

"Save...her...she...was...innocent...I...am...but...a...tool...to...guide...her..."

"What? What does that mean?"

"Eclace...city...is...the...source...and...the...goal...find...where...dark...meets...light...he...means...no...harm..."

"Eclace city? Who is "he"? What do you mean?"

"He...is...not...evil...just...heartbroken..."

The eye slowly faded away, and the darkness slowly became brighter untill...

Chloe's eyes had to adjust to the light for a moment before she was able to look around. Emily was next to her, still asleep. Chloe slowly sat up and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. Nurse Joy walked in.

"Ah, you're awake, I was just about to wake you two." she said as she walked over to Emily and softly shook her awake, "how did you sleep?"

"Ok, I guess." Chloe said. Emily slowly opened her eyes, and it clearly took her a while before she realised what had happened and where she was...

"You got anything?" a purple-haired woman said over a walky-talky.

"Nah, it seems like it died down again, and I just got report from 46x1 that she didn't get anything either" the man on the other end said.

"I'll get into contact with 46x5, since he is closest to where 460 observed the spike." The woman typed in some numbers. "46x5, this is 46x0, you got anything?"

"No, it was hanging at about 0,5 for a moment but it just flatlined" the woman responded.

"Ok, I'll call the boss to tell him it was just a spike." the woman sighed as she hung up.

TOgepi BEartic CONTINUED!

*067*2016-04-28 09:51

"Skypillar city gym, leader: Samantha, the most down-to-earth airhead airhead"

The flying-type gym was incredibly high. The ground was covered in soft grass and a smaller tower rose up in the middle of the gym, reaching all the way to the top. Around the tower, small beams connected the tower to the outer wall. The beams were connected by zipwires and ladders. Emily and Chloe looked at eachother.

"How are we supposed to get up there?" Emily asked

Chloe looked up. "I think..." she said, as she pointed upwards, "that we have to take the correct route. See, the zipline over there leads downward, but it leads to a ladder that leads to a higher beam, but the ladder next to the zipline..." she moved her finger "leads to a beam with a zipline going further down."

After a long climb where Emily took the wrong way about three times, they reached the top. At the top, in front of the huge flame, a woman, about 25 years old, was waiting for them. She had a pretty face and wore a sky blue jacket.

"Ah, hello..." she said with a dreamy voice, "will you challenge me?"

"Yep, that's the idea." Emily said

"Good, let us do battle." She said as she grabbed her first Pokeball.

"After you" Chloe said with a smile, and Emily smirked as she grabbed the great ball hanging from her belt.

Groundon had a surprising amout of space atop the tower, and Chloe noticed how Samantha didn't bat an eye as it appeared, neither when it wen't primal.

"Go, Hawlucha." she said. She almost sounded disintrested, as her light blue eyes stared off into the distance.

Hawlucha was pintsized next to Emily's goliath, and one swipe later the Hawlucha was down for the count.

"Go, Gliscore." Samantha said while throwing a Pokeball into the air. "Use Earthquacke". Emily's eyes widened when the ground started shaking, causing Groudon to take some massive hits.

"Use Flamethrower!" Emily said, hoping to take out the enemy fast. Groudon fired a blast of hot mixtape towards the Gliscore, who nimbly evaded it.

"Another Earthquacke will finish it." Samantha said, and as Emily was trying to find a countermeasure, the ground shook and Groudon fell over, almost falling of the building.

"Shit." Emily whispered as she withdrew Groudon. She grabbed her only other Pokemon.

Noctowl was no match for the three flying Pokemon Samantha sent out, and soon enough, Emily was out of Pokemon.

"Goddamnit, I'll have to catch a diffrent type next time." she mumbled to herself as she walked over to Chloe, "your turn"

As Chloe and Emily walked back to the Pokemon center, where nurse Joy wanted to keep an eye on Chloe, Emily looked upset while Chloe twirled the wing-shaped badge between her fingers.

"You're just lucky" she mumbled

"Hey, don't worry, we'll try to catch you an electric type tomorrow!" Chloe put a hand on Emily's arm. Her galvantula had carried her through almost the entire fight, ending it without much hassle. Emily was in a sour mood, but she wasn't perticulairly mad at Chloe, she was just jealous of the two badges Chloe had and she didn't.

TOrkoal BErgmite CONTINUED

*068*2016-04-28 11:01

Chloe took her pills before going to sleep, as nurse Joy had instructed, and gave Emily a kiss on the cheeck before rolling over and falling asleep.

The room she was in was a big ball. It was dark, but she could see the walls. She walked towards the wall and looked. Imbedded in the wall were lines upon lines of dusk stones, though it seemes like it wasn't finished yet; some holes were empty. She turned around. in the middle of the room was a big, round machine with tubes comming out of it and going into the floor and roof. It looked like a big, threatening octopus. She suddenly noticed movement in the darkness, above the machine. It looked like the darkness itself was moving. Chloe looked up and saw a blue eye, with the white, smoke-like apendage above it.

"Bring...her...to...him", the same eerie voice said, "he...will...do...more...damage...than...he...is...expecting..."

"Who is he?" Chloe asked

"He...is...the...father..." the voice simply said.

"Why did you choose me to haunt?"

"You...have...a...strong...heart..." Chloe was confused, what did that mean? "Others...would...have...gone...crazy...and...would...run...away...but...you.......you...keep...going,...you...have...the...will...and...companionship........you...can...save...so...many...lives..."

"S- save lives? I'm just trying to gather badges!" Chloe screamed, now scared, what did he mean?

"Yes...you...become...stronger...you...have...the...power.......Chloe......Emily......you...will...succeed..."

Chloe was progressively getting more unsure.

"Chloe.......wake...up..."

What?

"Wake...up...Chloe!"

"Chloe..wake..up!"

"Come. on. Chloe. wake. up!"

"Chloe!" Emily's voice felt like it would burst Chloe's eardrums after the silence in the room she was just in.

"Chloe! Are you ok? You were far gone, mumbling something about, about saving lives, and becomming stronger, what was that about?"

Chloe was barely awake as the nightmare circled in her head.

Chloe told everything on the way to the forest.

"Well...maybe it was just a dream..." Emily said eventually.

"It knew our names!"

"No, but you did, dreams are just...fantasies at night, based on previous experiences and stuff..."

"Hmmm..." Chloe looked unsure as they passed a sign saying "Welcome to Fireleaf forest! Don't forget to bring an antidote."

While Chloe trained her Pokemon, Emily walked around looking for an electric type. After a while, she saw a small, blue ear stick out of a bush. She sent out Noctowl, trying to sneak up on it. Once they were close enough, she whispered her command; "Noctowl, use Hypnosis!" the owl's eyes started glowing as the ear shot straight up, and slowly sank into the bush, where soft, rythmic breathing could be heard. Emily pushed the bush aside to reveal the now sleeping Shinx.

"Noctowl, use Dream eater!" the Shinx started tossing and turning as it fell into a dreamless sleep. "Now, use Psycho cut!" like with Ralts, a pink energy formed blades around Noctowls wings, that he used to slash at the Shinx, who flinched in his sleep. "Finish it off with a Zen headbutt!" Noctowl focused, and a blue force appeared around Noctowl's head, after which he slamed into the sleeping Pokemon. It slowly opened it's eyes and shakily got up, looking around confused. Emily seized the confusion and grabbed a Pokeball.

It wiggled...

And wiggled...

And wiggled...

And...

*Crack!*

The Pokeball burst open, revealing the Shinx once again, now looking straight at Noctowl. "Noctowl, use Sky attack!" Noctowl soared upwards, and came crashing down onto the Shinx like a meteorite. Shinx shook, and fell to the ground. Emily grabbed another Pokeball.

It wiggled...

And wiggled...

And wiggled...

And...

*Click!*

"Fuck yeah!" Emily yelled as she jumped for joy. Chloe was applauding behind her.

"I'm proud of you hun." she said as she kissed Emily, "what level is it?"

Emily's expresion changed as she looked, "level 10" she sighed.

"Well, let's get to training then!" Chloe said excitedly, pulling Emily with her at her arm, "Then we challenge the gym again tomorrow!"

Emily trained until it was getting dark. Her Shinx had already evolved into a Luxio by the end of the day, and it was now at level 25.

"Wanna head back?" Emily said.

"Hmmyeah" Chloe answered, as she felt a pressure build in her bladder.

A tall, depressed looking man was standing in a big room. The walls were lined with dusk stones, yet it wasn't complete yet. It was dark. His phone rung.

"Hello sir, this is 46x0, we had a reading of 1 tonight, but it faded fast, we think there's something interfering"

"Hmm, ok. You can come back, these readings aren't high enough to mean anything."

"Yes sir!" the grunt hang up.

The man sighed, wiping his black hair out of his face. He turned around and left the room.

TOrchic BEheeyem CONTINUED

*069*2016-04-28 11:36

Awwww shit, the word "bladder" was in it so shit's gonna get juicy!

- Omorashi logic

*070*2016-04-28 14:08

Nurse Joy was satisfied when she heard the nightmares were slowly turning into normal dreams.

"You can go back to the hotel if you want, but I suggest you keep taking the medicine untill the nightmares are gone completely. Emily, I expect you to keep an eye on Chloe, ok?"

"Will do, thanks nurse!" Emily said as they were ready to head back. On the road to the hotel, Chloe started fidgeting more and more, and Emily was getting pretty desperate herself. The excitement of catching and training her new Pokemon had made her forget all about her bladder, and now it was comming back to haunt her. Chloe had pretty much the same problem; she'd been bussy all day, not noticing her blader filling up.

In the hotel, both girls were obviously desperate. As they looked at eachother, Chloe simply smiled and walked over to her bag.

"What'ya doing?" Emily asked, slightly crossing her legs.

"Something new" Chloe simply stated, as she dug through her stuff. After a while, she stood up and turned around, diaper in hand. "Here you go." Chloe said, handing the diaper to Emily.

"What? I'm not gonna..."

"Yes you are" Chloe simply stated. She simply knew Emily would enjoy the feeling.

"Thanks, but no thanks" Emily said, giving the diaper back to Chloe. As she stuck her arm out, she felt something weird and sticky come over her. she tried to look around, but she was stuck. Chloe withdrew Galvantula and walked towards Emily, now stuck covered in Galvantula's String shot.

"Hey! What-" Emily said before Chloe pushed a finger against her lips.

"Trust me" she said, as she took the diaper from Emily. She lowered herself and dropped Emily's pants and panties. She applied the diaper and raised Emily's pants again. She decided it would be a better experience if she had her pants on. Emily looked at Chloe with a defeated and slightly desperate look in her eyes. Chloe had an idea. She walked over to the table in the corner of the room, where she picked up the tiny padlock meant for the save. She put it around the button of Emily's pants and took the key herself, sliding it into a small pocket of her bag. She started removing the silk from Emily's body who, once she could move, instantly started crossing her legs.

"Awww, what's wrong honey?" Chloe asked innocently, "having trouble?"

"Mmmmm, why are you so eeevilll" Emily moaned, her blue hair falling in front of her eyes as she doubled over slightly.

"Owwwww, I'm not evil, it just want you to relax" Chloe smirked, "need some motivation?"

"Noooo" Emily moaned as Chloe turned around and stuck out her butt towards Emily.

"Oops" Chloe smiled as she started wetting herself. She'd stuck out her butt on purpose, making sure that her entire backside would get wet. Emily could do nothing but watch as the round, bubbly butt in front of her slowly started to turn dark, with slides of urine slowly making tracks down the legs of her girlfriend. She couldn't hold on much longer, but the diaper felt...weird to wet. The pee reached the edge of Chloe's pants and started to trickle onto the ground, leaving Emily in more agony as she pushed her hands into her crotch harder.

"Mmmmm, it feels sooooo good" Chloe teased, rubbing a hand over her butt, "So nice and warm, mmmmmm, to feel all that release". She put a second hand on her butt, slowly moving it up and down its wet surface. Emily was in trance as her arrousal reached new heights, the warmth now making her have to doublecheck that she wasn't actually wetting herself.

Chloe turned around. "Come on, you can do it." she said softly as she came face-to-face with the girl, "Here, you want to feel how warm it is?" she asked as she slowly pulled one of Emily's hands away and placed it on her butt. "Here, go ahead, feel it." she continued, as she started to guide Emily's hand over her behind. She saw Emily's eyes starting to grow less weary, like she was about to give in. Chloe gave the killing blow. She leaned forward, pulling Emily into a kiss, and simultaniously pulled away Emily's second hand, also placing it on her butt.

She slowly rose up, having Emily stand up straight, grope her girlfriend and having her crotch pushed against her girlfriend by Chloe's arms around her proved too much, as Chloe heard a faint hissing sound. Emily felt it happen, but didn't fight. She was in extacy as she felt the diaper slowly expand around her, warming every part of her crotch. After a while, the diaper was full, but Emily wasn't empty. Drop of urine started to trinkle down her pants, bringing her even closer to a climax.

Chloe slowly moved her arms from Emily's back to her pants, undid the lock and unbuttoned them. She dropped them and removed the diaper, all while still being touched and kissed. She started rubbing. Faster and faster, and as she felt it comming, she broke away from the kiss.

"Hhmmmmmaaaaaah" Emily moaned and screamed as she violently came. Her eyes were foggy for a second, as an overdose of dopamine shot through her head. Comming back down from her hiigh, she looked Chloe in the eyes, and kept doing so as she slowly undid her pants and underwear. She, to Chloe's surprise, went back to massaging her now bare butt while pushing herself against Chloe, slowly moving up and down while reaching for Chloe's lips. As she grinded, she could feel Chloe starting to shake. She pulled one hand away, and inserted it into Chloe. First one, then two, three and eventually even four fingers were stimulating her as she shook and moaned more and more. Once Chloe came, Emily noticed how diffrent it was. She'd been load, like she was rising up from the earth. Chloe, however, seemed to melt as the pent up pressure caused by the stimulation was released. They both, still kissing, fell onto the bed and soon into a deep sleep.

Chloe walked around an unfamiliar building. There were all kinds of machines, desks and doors that she didn't recognise. She walked up to one of the industrial looking doors and opened it. It was silent and completely dark on the other side. She stuck her head into the door and looked around, but couldn't see anything. She took a few steps, when the door behind her suddenly closed. She was now completely lost and couldn't even see her own hand, it was like she was blind. She shuffled backwards, planning on hitting a door. However, as she shuffled further and further, she realised the door, and the wall it was attached to, had vanished. She tried to turn around, but as there was nothing to see, she was unsure what way she was faceing. What was up? Down? She got more and more disoriented as she looked around, squinting her eyes trying to see anything at all. She eventually decided that she wasn't going to find anything by looking.

"Hello?" she yelled into the darkness.

"Hello? Anybody there?"

There was something approaching. She didn't know what, or where, or when, but there was something comming for her. Suddenly, it seemed like the darkness itself rushed at her...

She was standing on a flat surface. She was disorientated, but at least she could see. In front of her was a chain sticking up from the ground. She walked over to it and looked up. Her stomach turned as she saw the hotel room. The walls stretched out above her, as she stood upside down on the roof looking down at the two girls; one violently shaking and spasming, and one trying everything to wake her up. She couldn't do anything...unless...

"Emily!" Chloe shouted towards the girl. Nothing happened.

"Goddamnit!" Chloe stomped her feet down, sending cracks along the roof, which broke apart. Chloe fell upwards and the room dissapeared out of view. Around her was a blue abyss, which slowly turned to black. She landed on something. It looked like she was standing on nothing. She looked around and spotted a table. She walked towards it and saw her bottle of pills. That's it! She'd forgotten to take her pills! Excitedly, she grabbed the bottle, but it vaporized in her hand. In front of her, a large, blue eye appeared, sending Chloe stumbeling backwards.

"Wh- why are you doing this?" she asked

"HERE, I AM THE ONE IN CONTROL. THIS IS WHERE MY TRUE POWER LIES, AND SOON, IT WILL FLOOD THE WORLD!"

"But...why...why this?" Chloe asked shakily.

"FIND HER, BRING HER TO HIM, OR HE'LL MAKE EVERYBODY'S LIVES THE HELL YOURS IS, IT IS IN YOUR HANDS"

"The...the hell my...live..." Chloe was slowly starting to have an existential crisis. What was real? What wasn't? And did it matter?

"AN INFINITE, DARK WORLD IS A FUTURE NOBODY CHOSES, BUT A HURT HEART WILL NOT LISTEN, PREVENT HELL ON EARTH"

"A...a hurt heart?"

The darkness around her was slowly starting to spin. It went faster and faster as the eye slowly dissapeared. Chloe was starting to feel nauseous as she started to become unsure about whether the world was moving or she was, as she woke up and fell out of bed. Emily looked worried, and she had another gash on her shoulder.

"Sorry," Chloe said, "forgot the medicine"

"Sir, this is 46x0 again, we had a massive spike."

"Good, trace it to one spot a.s.a.p."

"Umm, sir, why are we tracing this?"

"Because I believe it to be one source, and I will find it."

"Yes sir, right away sir, 46x0 out"

The man with the black hair closed an industrial-looking door and sighed. There had to be an explanation for this strong, traveling force, so why couldn't he find it? No matter, he thought, soon enough, we'll be reunited. He looked up to the sky longingly...

TOxicroak BEldum CONTINUED

*071*2016-04-28 20:37

Spoilers: this is just the gym battle, nothing else, if you're not intrested in that kind of stuff, you can skip it ;)

Chloe and Emily stood atop Skytorch tower, and Emily was prepared to face Samantha again.

She sent out Hawlucha, who seemed more ready to fight than last time, but Luxio was no pushover either.

"Luxio, use Thunder bolt!" Hawlucha was hit quite severely, but still got up.

"Hawlucha, use high kick." Hawluncha soared into the air, put out one of its legs and plummeted towards Luxio.

"Luxio, use Flash!" a bright flash came from Luxio, and it moved forward quickly. Hawlucha was blinded, and landed foot-first onto the ground.

"Now, Luxio, finish it with a Quick attack!" Luxio turned around and hit Hawlucha in the back.

"Well then. Go Gliscore."

Emily knew what was comming. "Luxio, use Magnet rise!" "Gliscore, use Earthquacke!" Luxio's body electrified, and slowly hovered in the air, as the ground underneath him shook and burst.

"Luxio, end this quickly! Use Volt tackle!" Luxio moved around seemingly sporadicly, leaving a bright, electric path behind him, before smashing into Gliscore with great force, who fell to the ground. Samantha walked over to Gliscore, pulled out a great potion and sprayed it onto Gliscore, who opened his eyes again.

"Gliscore, use Brave bird!" Gliscore rose up, made a backwards loop and zoomed at Luxio, who couldn't dodge it in time. Chloe saw how Gliscore's face was painfully mashed into Luxio, causing it to be hurt as well.

"Gliscore, do it again!" Gliscore rose once more, but this time Emily was prepared.

"Luxio, use Roar!" Luxio raised his head, and jutted it forward, releasing a roar so loud that a shockwave was visible. Gliscore was blown off-course and crashed into the ground.

"Now, use Thunder" A bolt of lightning struck the downed Gliscore, causing it to faint.

"Hmmm, very well then...go Aerodactyl" the grey beast appeared. Chloe always disliked it's design. "You know what would make it great?" she'd said to her parents one day, "a stone goatee, then it'd be cool and everyone would want to use one!" her parents had looked and eachother and before she knew it, she was in the office with nurse Joy, who asked her what picture on the paper was a square.

"Aerodactyl, use Rock tomb!" stones started blocking Luxio in.

"Luxio, use Rain dance!" the entire stadium was soon covered in rain, including the Pokemon, one out of view behind some rocks.

"Now, Luxio, use Charge!" slowly, the water became electrified, connecting between the stones and the water, and eventually Aerodactyl. The amount of energy, which was increased by the circuit being completed due to the water, was too much, and Aerodactyl fainted.

"Hmpf, go, Honchcrow." the big black bird with its enormous wings darkened the surrounding just by appearing. "Honchcrow, use Curse!" the Honchcrow slowly looked like it was getting tired, even though it didn't move. A strange darkness fell over Luxio, who started to bend his legs just to keep upright.

"Now, Honchcrow, use Roost!" the bird landed and folded it's wings around it, and it looked like that took a lot of stress off of it's muscles.

"Luxio, use Wild charge!" Luxio started to charge, but didn't stop when he was at the point of using a attack, instead charging across the limit, sending excess thunder everywhich way, and multiple of them hit the Honchcrow, who was knocked back by the sheer force of the attack.

"Now, Luxio, use Thunder fang!" Luxio ran up to the downed bird and bit it like a dog hunting a duck, charging electricity through its mouth. The Honchcrow let out a cry before fainting.

"Hrrrrr...Come on, Dragonite!" the orange, derpy-looking dragon landed on the ground.

"Dragonite, use Dragon rage!" a purple beam was fired from the Dragonite's mouth, hitting Luxio before it even realised what was happening.

Luxio flew back and fainted. Emily was in distress, as she was now at a disadvantage. She suddenly felt something hitting her foot, and as she looked down, she saw a Pokeball slowly come to a stop. She picked it up and decided that this was her only chance. She threw it upwards, a Galvantula formed and landed before her.

"Galvantula, use Thunder!" as everything was wet, the thunder hit Dragonite without fail, striking it in the chest. It fell backwards.

"Now use Thunderbolt!" a beam of electricity hit Dragonite, who was now recoiling in pain.

"Dragonite, use Fly!" the Dragon got up and took off, out of sight.

Galvantula, use Light Screen!" a small, see-through coat appeared around Galvantula, as Dragonite fell from the sky, landing on the joint between its head and body. Though Galvantula flinched slightly, it wasn't as severe as it could've been.

"Galvantula, finish it with a Volt tackle." Emily only chose this attack because Dragonite was done anyway, and this attack looked cool. Galvantula shot forward, sideways, and was untrackable as it closed in on the Dragonite, still with a beam of light behind it. It's fangs bashed into Dragonite's chest, and Dragonite very slowly backwards as Galvantula bounced backwards and looked at it's victory.

Samantha was obviously unhappy about handing the Wing badge to Emily.

"I wonder what her deal was?" Chloe wondered as they walked back.

"Don't know, don't care." Emily said, holding the Wing badge against the light, having the layer of pearl inbetween the gold contour reflect the light. "Thanks for saving my ass back there" she added, now looking at Chloe.

"Hey, it's nothing, you'd do the same for me." she said, looking at Emily, "besides, call it a repayment for all the trouble I've caused you at night."

"Haha, no problem, but to be honest." Emily looked like she was about to tell a really bad pun, "I like it when we have some night activities.".

TOrnadus BElsprout CONTINUED

*073*2016-04-29 19:58

Tall people problems: walking into treebranches...luckily it wasn't a Trevenant!

Emily and Chloe had packed their bags, ready to head out to Eclace city. Chloe was still unsure about going there. Hell on earth? Saving lives? She sighed. She put her bag around her shoulder and her and Emily walked into the fresh air.

"Wait!" Emily said suddenly, "we forgot something!"

"What? What is it?" Chloe asked

"We haven't even visited the casino!"

Chloe facepalmed, but followed Emily anyway as she walked towards the building covered in blinking lights.

About an hour later, Emily and Chloe walked back out, now 3000 p richer. They stopped when they saw the people waiting for them outside. There were five people, 3 girls, 2 boys, standing in front of the casino. They all had purple hair and the same outfit; a white shirt with a bright purple D logo. They had weirdlooking, purple sunglasses on. They looked at Chloe menacingly.

"Wh-" Chloe started

"You! You're the source of our peaks! We require your ghost Pokemon, don't resist or we'll have to use force!" the woman at the front said.

"I don't have a-"

"Now now, we know you're lying, what else could've thrown our readings off, hmm?"

"Oi, what do you think you're doing?" Emily interupted

"Oh, brought a bodyguard I see?" the girl snarked

"Hey, leave her alone!" Chloe yelled, getting fed up wih these weirdos

"Haha, this could've been so easy, but you give use no choice..."

All five members grabbed a Pokeball and threw it into the air. In a flash, a Dusclops, a Banette, a Haunter, a Yamask and a Pumpkaboo, were standing before the couple.

"Ha, if you think THAT's going to intimidate us, you got another thing comming! You just made a big mistake". Chloe looked over, she'd never seen Emily this riled up, but she seemed furious as she reached for her great ball. "Going for your ace Pokemon? Smart move" Chloe thought as her hand reached Galvantula's ball.

Some people opened their doors and looked out of their windows when a primal groudon appeared in the streets. Galvantula looked tiny in comparison.

"Groudon, use Heat wave!"

"Galvantula, use Parabolic charge!"

A gigantic blast of fire burst from Groudon's mouth, shooting outwards, hitting everything in front of him. It caused a massive explosion, damaging the buildings and making people run back inside. Galvantula's electricity shot through the Pokemon, making them spark and shooting out smaller bolts of electricity in the process. All the pokemon were still standing, but they looked less sure about fighting the duo.

"Dusclops, use Hex!"

"Banette, use Night shade!"

"Haunter, use Ominous wind!"

"Yamask, use Shadow ball!"

"Pumpkaboo, use Shadow sneak!"

Groudon and Galvantula were fine, but Chloe wasn't about to chance it against the crazies. She turned to Emily.

"Let's finish this, shall we?". Emily just nodded.

"Groudon, use Eruption!"

"Galvantula, use Zap cannon on the Eruption!"

Groundon made itself small like it had done before, and an intense heat came for it's body, which slowly gained a red hue. The Pokemon burst outward, spreading its arms and raising his head as lava blasted from its body. Galavantula had the Zap cannon fully loaded, and it shot the electricity beam as thick as a tree at the lava, making it run through it. The result was an incredible blast as walls were destroyed and glass throughout the city burst from the blast. The ground before the couple was all but gone, leaving a big, round hole where there used to be street. The front of the buildings around them were completely gone. The opposing Pokemon were smashed into the ground about 15 yards from where they were standing.

"Withdraw him, quickly!" Chloe yelled as she looked at Emily, "we gotta get out of here!". Emily withdrew Groudon, still shaking from the blast, as the two grabbed onto Galvantula.

"Galvantula, Extreme speed towards route 29!". There was a big diffrence between this, and the previous two times she'd used Extreme speed, being that this time it wasn't a straight shot. Without any hesitation the spider climbed up walls, sprinted over rooftops and zoomed across the road with the couple getting beaten and bruised as they held on for dear life. The wind rushing into their face hurt, and they both had their eyes closed. Galvantula came to another edge of a roof, but this time instead of moving down the building, it leaped and landed onto the next one, smashing the girls into its body. The trip took about a minute before they reached the start of the route towards Eclace city.

Chloe and Emily rolled of the spider's back sideways. Chloe slowly got back on her feet, patted Galvantula on its back and withdrew him. Emily looked like she was about to die from pure adrenaline overdose.

"You ok?" Chloe asked.

"I've seen better days." Emily said groaning as she slowly got up as well.

"I'm sorry. I don't know what they were talking about!" Chloe felt horrible, she'd put her friend in danger...

"Pffft, those weirdos were asking for it! What was their problem, anyway?" She said angrily.

"Hey Em...why...umm...I couldn't help but notice your...reaction when they threatened me..." Chloe started slowly.

"Oi, nobody threatens MY girlfriend, not on my watch!" Emily said, straightening her back, before recoiling from the pain as she rubbed her back, "let's just get to Eclace city and forget this happened...unless they come, in which case, we'll beat them again!" she said, making a fist. Chloe smiled as a tear slowly formed in her eye.

"They....they got away..."

"Goddamnit. I hope you didn't go too easy on them."

"Sir, I promise you..."

"Last time you were passive as well, you just gotta give them all you got!"

"Sir, they blew up part of the city."

An awkward silence fell...

"Oh...well...umm...return to base, you've done you're best...sorry for exploding at you like that..."

The purple haired girl couldn't help but cringe at the word "explode", and she wondered if she'd do that everytime she heard that word from now on.

"Yes, sir. 46x0 out..."

TOrterra BOuffalant CONTINUED

*074*2016-04-29 23:07

The road to Evolution tower was surprisingly long. And halfway through the girls sat down and had lunch. As Chloe grabbed her sandwich however, a Pelliper swooped down, catching her lunch in its beak.

"Oi!" Chloe threw the first Pokeball she reached, and Kirlia gracefully landed.

"Kirlia, use Psychic!" she'd trained her Kirlia a lot, and the Pelliper went down. Chloe sat down, and noticed Kirlia was evolving.

"Awesome..." Emily whispered as Kirlia started to change form, leaving a taller, more majestic Pokemon in its place. The Gardvoir turned around, and Chloe shook a little as the one, red eye reminded her of her nightmares. She withdrew Gardevoir as Emily tore her Sandwich in half, giving half of it to Chloe.

Evolution tower was a grand, grey spire, with a large wooden door with a strange, almost "s" shaped symbol on it. besides the front door, there was a sign reading "place your Pokemon, and have a chance to enter." with six holes underneath it. Chloe put her three Pokeballs in first. The holes closed and...the door opened.

"Oh my goooosh, good luck!" Emily squeeled as Chloe walked inside. Once inside, she heard Emily put her Pokeballs in and the door opened again. Emily looked slightly flabbergasted as she walked in. The inside was decorated with wood, gold and coloured glass. In the middle of the floor, a hole opened up, and an elevator rose from underground. Emily and Chloe were transported to a white room. There was a man, probably in his seventies, sitting at a table.

"Ah, do take a seat." he said friendly, and Chloe and Emily did.

"So, you are capable? Good, good, that means you have a strong bond with your Pokemon. Now, do you know what this means?"

"N- no?" Chloe said

"There is a process, called "mega evolution", which causes Pokemon that are close to their trainer to become even stronger. Now, not every Pokemon can do this, but the bond with your current Pokemon is strong enough to warrant a Keystone, which is needed to undergo Mega evolution." he said. He stood up and walked over to Chloe.

"That is quite a nice bracelet" he said. Chloe hadn't taken her birthday gift off since she got it. It seemed like forever ago that she got it.

"We can put the key stone in there if you want, that way you can keep it with you in a save place." Chloe took off her bracelet, "see, we will put it right here in the middle, implementing it in the bracelets already beautifull design" he continued.

"Y- yeah, that's okay" Chloe said, this was all a bit much to take in.

"Now you, dear girl." he said while walking over to Emily, "you aren't wearing any jewlery, so that'll be out of the question, but tell me, where would you like to have your keystone? Remember, it has to be something you cary with you a lot of the time."

Emily thought about it for a while before responding.

"Can't it be implemented in, like, earrings?" she asked.

"Oh but ofcourse! Please, come back with the earrings of your choosing, and I'll implement the keystone. Now, please, take a moment, I'm going to work on the bracelet. Don't worry, this'll take only a minute." he said, and he dissapeared out back.

A few minutes later, he walked back into the room, bracelet in hand. Directly in the middle, bordered left and right by one of the pink stones, was the rainbow-colloured keystone. Chloe put it on, still gawking at it.

"T- thank you...it's beautifull."

"Now, if I'm not mistaken, you have a certain Pokemon capable of mega evolution." he said, walking behind his desk, opening a drawer and taking out a small white-blue stone, "here, give this to your Gardevoir, and you'll be able to mega evolve at any time." he said, and he turned to Emily, "and you, catch a capable Pokemon, get some nice earrings, and congratulations on catching Groudon." Emily was confused for a moment, before realising that if he could see your bond with your Pokemon, he was probably also capable of seeing what Pokemon it was.

The room was done, and the man marveled at it. All around him, dark stones shone, yet seemingly absoberd light in their darkness.

"Perfect" he said to himself, "this'll do nicely".

A low-pitched growl came from the middle of the room.

"Oh quiet you, I'll let you go after this, just...just give me this..."

He once again turned and left the enormous room.

TOrnadus BEautifly CONTINUED

$$

$$

$$

$$

