The car boot sale

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2022-05-20 00:19

(this story was inspired by a Facebook post I saw advertising a pta car bout fundraiser with a note saying ‘please note the school building will be closed during this event and there will be no access to the facilities.”)

When Alyson sent me the advert on messenger I ought to have read the small print. Entirely my fault I guess. All I saw was that it was for her kid’s school and she knows I’ll do anything for my nieces so I, of course, said yes. Anyway I’m always looking for opportunities to sell my home made cakes so it sounded perfect.

I spent the whole week baking after work. It was exhausting but great fun and, for me, very relaxing. Armed with bags of goods, cardboard presentation boxes filled with cup cakes, cones of various sweets and even a pile of flyers advertising my prices I packed my car as full as possible, swallowed my second coffee of the morning and headed to the school a few towns away.

Arriving half an hour before opening I was surprised just how busy it already was but I was directed in and reversed into a good spot and started setting up. A lady with a lanyard came around asking for my admission fee and looked at my cakes. She bought a bag of fudge making my first sale. It was all looking great! To the left of me was a Volvo with a boot bulging with kids toys and books and to the other side of me was this middle aged man with red hair who I later found out was actually one of the teachers! I should have maybe guessed that since his boot was full of brand new books and stationery from a well known educational supplier!

We passed the time of day with each other as we busied ourselves with setting up as more people began gathering near the school gate. I watched as a burger van was directed into the car park and parked up. My nieces would be thrilled at that I thought!

From the very start business was steady and my eldest niece Katy came rushing to say hi to me fairly early on. I did ask if she wanted to stay and help but the lure of everything on sale seemed way too tempting. Alyson did pop by and asked if I’d like a tea or coffee. I wasn’t going to say no now was I?

It was meant to be on from 10am until 1pm but the way things were going I wondered if I might sell out too early. I spread out my cakes more as things sold and enjoyed the whole atmosphere and listening to the chat between sales. It was a lovely morning and I was so pleased for my sister that the event was going so well. The only little niggling thing was that I was starting to need a wee. Nothing too bad and as an experienced car booter I am adept at waiting so I didn’t worry much about it at that point.

That was until this family came up to my car looking at my cakes. The woman was well built, looked to be in her thirties and the male was dressed in joggers and a football shirt with his hair in a pony tail. With them was a young lad with hair past his ears and joggers on just like the man. The woman was in raptures about my baking admiring the boxes of cakes and asking about my prices for birthday cakes and cupcakes. The man meanwhile was munching on a burger from a brown paper bag and the lad was drinking from a can of coke.

Despite talking to the woman it was the lad that was stealing my attention as he wasn’t standing still and was looking towards the school anxiously. After the woman finally decided on what she wanted and made her purchase they walked over to the car next to mine to look at the toys and books. I glanced over just as the boy seemed to tug the woman, who I presumed was his mum, and said he wanted to go home. I was so mortified for that lad at the woman’s response as she spoke so loudly that the entire car park could have heard her!

“I’m trying to support your school Gius! Look at these little action figures! You loved these last summer! You sure you don’t want a new one? Look they’re only £2 too!”

“Mum! You know I don’t play with those any more! Can’t we just go home now, please!”:

“Why? What you wanting home for? To sit in your room playing computer games? Let’s see what else there is here!”

Much quieter than his loud mouth mum the young lad shook his leg, bowed his head and looked at the ground.”

“I just want the bathroom that’s all.”

“We’ll you should have went before we left home then shouldn’t you!”

As I said she was loud and people couldn’t help but overhear. I tried looking everywhere other than at that family, trying to reshuffle what was left of my cakes and sweets and trying to distract myself from my own body’s need. It wasn’t the first time I’d had a full bladder at a car boot and it wouldn’t be the last but I definitely didn’t want to hear about anyone else in the same situation. That was when the red haired man next to me looked at me and suddenly spoke to me.

“They should have pushed more to get the school open really. I know the PTA didn’t want the extra expense but I could have predicted this would happen.”

I gave him a double take as I processed what he’d said.

“They haven’t opened up the school?”

“Nope. The committee wasn’t willing to pay the janitor. They did put it on the flyer but even so it was bound to happen with a public event. They weren’t thinking of us stall holders either clearly!”

He nodded to me and I realised I was sort of bouncing on my heels whilst moving stuff. Was he aware I had to pee or was he just making casual comment? I wasn’t sure at that point but he went on to say he was a teacher and that he had seemingly pointed out to the pta that they weren’t really considering the stall holders, nor the public, especially children, but they were insistent that they wouldn’t make money if they had to pay the three hour let for the whole building just to get access to toilets.

I nodded not really sure what to say as I let the fact there was no toilets sink in my mind. As I say I felt sort of awkward especially knowing my sister was on the pta committee so I looked around hoping for some more customers and noticed the family with the boy were still hanging about despite the child obviously getting more and more distressed. The red haired teacher obviously noticed too as I heard him mutter quietly, “You’d think they’d notice he’s bursting. Poor boy.”

Our eyes met again and I smiled awkwardly. He was cute looking and obviously caring and for the first time I noticed he was learning on his own car with one ankle over the other. Just then another customer came over and I turned my thoughts back to selling. After they left with a box of cupcakes I turned to rearrange the last of my stuff feeling a bit of a breeze waft up the edge of my dress heightening my need to pee rather a lot. I tried disguising it by moving around but I had this weird feeling I was being watched. However, when I turned back I couldn’t see anyone looking at me at all.

Up until this point I had been standing by my car but I had been out for over two hours by this point and my legs and feet were starting to ache. I was also finding it harder to stand still as the tingling feeling between my legs increased to the point it was very distracting. As an experienced car booter I opened the side door of my car and pulled out a canvas fold out chair. As I opened it out the man nearby was standing leaning on his car this time with his legs crossed more at the knees as he smiled down at me.

“I wish I had thought of that! Can you tell it’s my first time ever doing a car bout sale?”

“Really? I wouldn’t have known. You’ve done pretty well by the looks of it anyway. I actually forgot all about this seat until my feet began aching there.”

“Ah. That explains the moving around then.”

I wasn’t about to tell a stranger that my movement was nothing to do with my feet and more to do with my full bladder so I decided the safest option was just to agree with him.

“This is much better now though.”

I glanced at my watch as I noticed the crowd thinning a bit.

“Wow. Only 45 minutes to go. I might just sell out by then.”

As there was no-one currently looking at his wares he stepped towards mine and took a good look at a box of cupcakes. Picking them up he brought them closer towards me.

“I can see why. These look delicious. How much for the box?”

I took his money and thanked him.

“Fancy checking out what I have to offer then?”

I blushed, immediately thinking his words meant something different before realising he literally meant looking at his educational supplies as he nodded to his open boot. I really didn’t want to get off my chair as sitting down was helping me hold my pee so much easier but I kind of felt I owed him so I stood up and took a few steps towards his open boot.

It was that standing up that really changed things. All of a sudden it was like my bladder was sending these urgent pangs and all I could think about was finding a bathroom! Of course I already knew the school was closed and it was impossible to get my car out the car park with the crowd and all the cars parked up selling so I was essentially trapped with nowhere to go! I feigned an interest in the encyclopaedias and maths books but I was hyper aware of the fact I had one leg rubbing the back of the other and my hands were rubbing my thighs too. I knew I was sweating and awkward looking so I picked up a book on Victorian Britain just to try and distract myself.

“Fascinating period of history that. Marbles, spinning tops, petticoats, corsets and not forgetting the lack of running water and chamber pots!”

I felt myself blushing. Why had he had to mention running water and chamber pots? I put the book back and muttered something about not having kids yet and quickly sat back in my canvas folding seat immediately crossing my legs tightly. He laughed a little but I kept my eyes as far away from him as I could. All I could think about though was his mention of a bloody chamber pot! Oh how I would have loved one of those right at that point!

There was a bit of a last minute clamber for final bargains but by 12:45 it was obvious the boot sale was winding down. The Volvo next to me was starting to pack up what was left of their second hand toys and books and I heard the red haired teacher talk to me again.

“At last! Oh to get home for a cup of coffee and a sit down!”

As I packed away what was left of my baking I muttered to myself as I bounced around nervously, now desperate for the loo. I hadn’t intended anyone else to hear me of course!

“And a toilet! Oft I so can’t wait to get to one of those!”

“You’re not the only one!”

I turned in shock and embarrassment to see my car neighbour facing away from the last of the crowd with one hand awkwardly over his crotch and his cheeks scarlet. Checking behind him to make sure no-one was watching he stepped closer to me still clutching between his legs.

“Remember that boy earlier telling his mum he wanted home? I’ve been needed to go since before then! I actually can’t believe the pta never paid to get the school open!”

“Me neither. But don’t tell my sister I said that! Oh feck I’m bursting here! You think they’d let us go?”

“What? Right now?”

I looked him in the eye as his face reddened even more as he squeezed his thighs together as I bounced around.

“I meant the cars. Not weeing!”

“Of course! Sorry! I have pissing on the brain I’m afraid. So got to go!”

I chuckled and pressed a hand between my own legs as only he could see (I hoped anyway!)

“Me too!”

I closed my boot down and remained sitting on my seat squeezing my muscles in and begging time to go faster. Oh how badly I had to go by that point! It really was all I could think about! I must have drifted off a bit into my own desperate mind as I jumped when one of the cars beside me closed their boot with a bang making me leak a bit with the shock. Blushing and looking around anxiously I noticed that the teacher wasn’t there any more. His can boot was now closed but I had no idea where he had went. It was the. I saw my sister approach me looking tired but happy.

“You sold out too? Seems everyone has done well! I’m going to head home with the girls now but we’ll FaceTime later tonight as usual. Thanks so much for coming today! You know it means such a lot to us.”

I really wanted to get up and hug her to say goodbye but I knew if I was to stand up I would immediately wet myself I was so desperate! In fact after the jump with the car boot closing I could feel my grip loosening by the second! I was honestly sitting there thinking to myself if i sit here any longer I am going to leave a puddle! I waved to Alyson as she walked briskly away towards the gate where my two nieces were waiting with bags. I really wanted to get in my car but I could see none of the cars had left yet and it looked like they were trying to herd the last of the stragglers out the school gate so they could open it to let the cars out one by one so I just sat there squeezing and tensing and praying I could hold on.

Meanwhile I still couldn’t see the teacher guy until several minutes later when I heard a car door and then heard him behind me.

I turned to see him walking around the front of his car away from everyone as he came beside my chair and leaned on it casually.

“Finally. Looks like we can leave at last.”

How was he so calm sounding when I was absolutely frantic and struggling to even talk? I looked up to see him smiling and relaxed. My puzzled look must have been obvious as he leaned quietly down and filled me in.

“You’re not the only one who had something in their car to help them relax! I couldn’t wait any longer so I sat in my car and used an empty bottle I had in the door well. It was that or piss against the car!”

Talk about feel jealous! Here I was nearly wetting myself while this man, whose name I didn’t even know, had just emptied his bladder metres from me into a bottle without anyone knowing! I wanted to scream at the unfairness. I sat silently not even knowing what to say when finally he broke the silence.

“Pity that book didn’t come with some real artefacts. Marbles maybe, or a petticoat…or a chamber pot perhaps?”

I think the redness of my face, the way I was sitting, the ways my mouth tensed and how my knuckles were white with gripping the sides of the fold up seat all told him what he needed to know. I knew then looking at the people talking and the closed gates and the locked school that I wasn’t going to make it home dry. I closed my eyes as another strong bladder spasm pushed against me. As tightly as I tried to squeeze and fight against it it hurt and the pressure was incredibly strong. A spurt shot out making my pants warm and damp. I bowed my head and took a deep breath trying to wade off the discomfort.

If he knew what was happening he was at least sensitive enough not to say and kind enough to step forward and casually cover me. I gasped softly as another urge pushed down from my distended aching bladder as another warm spurt escaped. This time it took seconds longer to clamp off and I could feel the chair was now damp with my pee. The man glanced back and winked but then immediately turned away and looked around as if trying to protect me. I leaned slightly forwards trying not to cry as my hands gripped the side of the chair tightly. I couldn’t go on. I couldn’t hold even another second as I raised my bottom ever so slightly from the canvas seat and relaxed as urine whizzed steadily out from between my legs, soaking through my pants and running down my leg, collecting on the canvas chair before slowly soaking through and dribbling onto the ground.

I longed to stop but my body wouldn’t let me as I did all I could to balance myself and keep at least the front and sides of my dress dry. My pee was pooling on the chair as I peed so furiously that it was now meeting my knickers that were slightly raised above it. Yet I still couldn’t stop going! The metal legs of the chair were soaked, the seat pretty much ruined I expected and I was utterly mortified.

Apparently the pta raised a fortune and not one person complained about the school building being closed so they have no plans to change it next year. I’m certainly not going to ever mention to my sister what happened that day but from now on I will definitely be reading the small print on things.

Oh and I had to get a new fold up chair but I found a great one at a car boot sale the following week. I found a book about Victorian Britain too but I left that one. It reminded me far too much of that day for some reason…..

