Eaks-1: The perils of penny pinching

Author: Mickey

*000*2019-04-17 19:30

What in the wide world is Eaks?

Well, a while back I read @Noface's post on the request thread, asking for fiction about a world with reversed gender roles. 'Eaks' is my take on the prompt - it is a world where women squat outdoors brazenly and men wait till they get home. I don't know if my fantasy is anything like what noface had in mind, but I got the idea there, so credit where credit is due! :)

Part-1: The Wait

Zoya crossed her legs and checked the map again. Almost an hour out. Damn. She wasn't sure if she could last half that time! Squirming in her seat to find a more comfortable position, she crossed her legs tighter. She gently rubbed over her abdomen, hoping to soothe the ache - but her bladder was hard and overstressed. Nothing except taking a massive piss would soothe it. She wished she could sit on her heel, dig it deep within her crotch, but the tiny seats weren't exactly conducive to pulling your leg up. She had tried it a few minutes ago, and almost leaked for her trouble. She moved her butt around, trying to get the edge of the seat to press against her pee-hole, while minimizing any movement to her bladder.

Just then the bus went over a speed bump, forcing her to lean forward and hold her breath. Her panties were still dry, but barely. It had been just one and a half hours since she last peed - but it felt like days since she last knew the joys of an empty bladder! That's what happens when you spend a whole day in a beer festival. Another wave of desperation shook her body, as she she desperately racked her brain for a way out.

There were no rest areas in this stretch of the road - that's what you get for traveling on obscure byroads to avoid paying tolls! Dammit, their penny pinching was really catching up to her, she thought, as she squeezed all her muscles to hold back the flood. They really should have paid for a coach with a restroom. She knotted her legs in to pretzels and looked towards the end of the bus, as if a toilet to materialize there. As if the decision to save money by hiring a really old coach might have just been a nightmare. But her throbbing bladder reminded her of the reality - all that piss inside her? It will come out soon. With or without her consent.

She could always beg the driver to stop somewhere and pull a squat by the side of the road. I mean it had to be better than wetting herself, no? But a 23 year old woman, the life of parties, the school jock, begging for relief? So utterly humiliated by her own body? No. She has to at least try to hold on. The rattling old bus wasn't helping matters, jerking the ball of piss inside her, pushing against her spinchter. Every minute seemed like an hour, and their college was too far away. But surely someone else must be desperate too, someone who would ask for a stop? Sure, she had drank more than anyone else, but all the girls had been running to the urinals like once every half hour by the end of the fair. Surely she didn't have to wait an hour, she just had to wait for a few minutes till someone else asked for a stop.

She looked around the coach - almost everybody seemed fast asleep. Rita, beside her, had her eyes closed too. Fuck. Maybe she had the smallest bladder after all! Making the best of the situation, Zoya pressed her hand directly against her crotch, trying to put some opposing pressure against her tired spinchter. Ah, there, that was better. But an hour was too far.

If only the coach had a restroom! But it was only a 3 hour journey! What could possibly go wrong, the cash strapped college students had reasoned. No sense in paying for a coach with a restroom - any old coach would do. But as Zoya massaged her burning pee-hole, she desperately wished they had splurged on that restroom after all.

The drive up had been uneventful, everybody singing and dancing and making merry. Someone had brought along a crate of beer, starting the party early. They had drunk and danced their way to the beer festival, gay and unconcerned. The last half hour might have been slightly uncomfortable, and Zoya had made straight for the urinals as soon as the bus stopped. But she hadn't been desperate or anything. Unlike right now. Zoya pressed her fingers into her crotch, hoping the friction will somehow distract from her need. But nothing was helping.

They had drank large quantities at each stall - let no one say St. Helena's students didn't know how to party! And once the seal had been broken, Zoya was making a run to the nearest urinal every hour. After drinking gazillions of beer from basically from when they started from college, 9am, to the festival closing at 5pm, her kidneys were definitely on overdrive. And after nearly an hour and half on the bus, the ache from her overstretched organ was killing her. She suppressed a small groan as she leaned back, closing her eyes, giving her bladder room to expand. Surely someone will ask for a stop soon. Before she gets herself.

Part-2: The Relief

"I need to piss like a race horse! How far out are we?" Rita was up.

"An hour" Zoya responded, biting her lower lips.

"Ugh! I don't think I can last that long" - Rita was moving a hand over her abdomen, feeling her bladder. Zoya's own felt hard to the touch, and ached incessantly.

"I really need to let this load out! How about you?"

"I could do with some relief" Zoya delivered the understatement of the year in as calm a voice as she could manage as a wave of desperation racked her body. Her toes curled inwards in an effort to hold back the flood. She prayed Rita would ask the driver for a stop right about now. She really really couldn't wait much longer.

"I feel like I'll piss myself if I move. Have to pee, have to pee, have to pee" Rita chanted rocking back and forth.

"We really should have paid for that coach with a restroom, huh?" Zoya tried to joke, even though her voice was strained from the effort of holding on. It helped a bit to know she wasn't the only one bursting after just an hour. If the two of them needed to pee, the rest of their friends probably did too. Someone will ask the driver to stop, and soon. If others were going down to squat, she could join in, without admitting just how badly she had needed to pee. But the thought of relief was making holding on so much more difficult, every second stretching to millenniums as her bladder ached and throbbed, and piss tried to force it's way past her spinchter.

"Fuck this. I am gonna ask for a stop before my muscles give out." Rita declared, just as a girl got up from the third row and walked to the driver. She had her hands between her legs, thighs close together. She was rocking from foot to foot as she stood talking to the driver. The driver was shaking his head, apparently unwilling to stop.

"Looks like the driver doesn't want to stop" Zoya declared, panic clearly audible in her voice.

"Fucking men! Come on, let's go talk to him" Rita pushed Zoya out of her seat. "Oh, get a move on, come on, I am nearly wetting myself".

Zoya managed to gather all her strength and stand up straight. As Rita shuffled to the front, holding herself openly like the girl before her, Zoya bit her lips and walked straight, ignoring the pounding presence of her distended bladder. She may be bursting, but she had her pride left! Tiny steps. Deep breaths. Focus on the muscle. She could do this.

"What about the poor men?" the driver was grumbling as they joined the girl in the cab.

"Well they are more than welcome to join, aren't they" you could almost hear Rita rolling her eyes. "You better pull over right now, or I am pulling a squat right here on your steps" Rita sounded dead serious. Knowing her, she was too.

The driver finally pulled over. There was absolutely no cover anywhere, but a girl's gotta do what she gotta do. The first girl leaped out as soon as the bus stopped. She barely moved two steps to the left, before she was squatting low, pulling her panties off, arranging her skirt to hide everything. Zoya was planning to make it to the back of the bus, away from the eyes of everyone on it, but the hissing sound was her undoing. The girl was moaning in pleasure, enjoying the bliss of relief, and Zoya's muscles gave out at that. As a drop leaked past her clenching muscles, she quickly dropped in to a squat too, letting the river flow out of her aching pussy. The thick stream pooled at the side of the road, glistening in the semi darkness.

Women were pouring out of the bus, trying to maintain a respectful distance from each other as they desperately sought a place to empty their aching bladders. A collective moan went around as the girls finally found the relief they had been craving for so long.

As Zoya finished up, she wondered how the men were doing. There was absolutely no cover for them to use, so even the most desperate would just have to wait it out inspite of what Rita had told the driver. Well, there was nothing that could be done. This road had very little cover anywhere, and male anatomy being what it was, sneaking a pee without exposing yourself was impossible. They'll just have to wait. She was just glad that she didn't have to.

More from Eaks: This story was originally planned as 3 chapters. The first focusing on the female experience (which is this post entirely), the second from men's PoV and the third with double desperation (the best kind ;) )

But I have been writing and rewriting this story forever. I have also been trying to write shorter fictions (I mean uber long buildups are great, but sometimes I just want a quick read you know). So I decided to put this up as a standalone before I nuke the whole thing and start over again. If enough people like this concept, may be the male part, which picks up directly where this one ends, will get finished at least a little bit sooner. (A man can hope!)

*005*2019-04-22 09:09

{{On 4/18/2019 at 10:29 AM, Melificentfan said:

This is fantastic so far

}}

Thank you! Glad you liked it I am afraid Eaks-2 isn't your thing, since it is male only, but female desperation will make a reappearance soon Hoping you stick around for that!

{{On 4/18/2019 at 10:40 AM, Xx4evRockerxX said:

AMAZING! I love the concept so far

}}

Thank you! I wasn't sure other people would dig this - men having to hold, while women piss freely is something of an obsession of mine

{{On 4/20/2019 at 11:20 PM, luckymon2 said:

So yea, basically I thought it was a very well-written and perfectly executed story. Sorry for the super long comment btw I just thought this story was a really special one and wanted to let you know some of the reasons I thought why.

}}

You have no idea how big a smile your comment put on my face! THANK YOU!

And please don't apologise for the long comment - it is the best kind of comment. Thank you so much for taking the time out to let me know you loved it! Reading this really helped get the Eaks-2 with male desperation up and running (I have 3/4 episodes written. Prologue is out here, Agony and Bliss are waiting in my WIP folder. Now just to get Tease written!). Again, THANK YOU SO MUCH! Your comment is one of the loveliest things to happen to me in a long time.

