Lily at her Luck’s Mercy

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2021-09-14 19:07

Part 1

Lily was a bit overweight as a thirty-something mom, but still very attractive. Most people (especially the men and male students of the high school she was chaperoning at) thought she was still in college because man, those big round high breasts, hips, and long chocolate brown hair, she was hot!

That day she wore a tight pinkish too and a black miniskirt and heels. She had been called at the last minute that morning by her sister whose son’s high school needed chaperones due to so many teachers being out with covid and the school spirit assembly going on today.

Lily, a bachelorette, was awakened by Judith who shook her in bed. “Come on! Terry at school, and I have to be in court today, so someone has to fill in for me.”

Lily rolled over on her comfortable mattress. “I was drinking a lot of wine last night when I was out with the gals.”

“You are always out with the gals. But I need you. I never asked you to babysit, or give up any nights all these years, can’t you do this for me?”

“Ok, fine,” Lily grunted. She got out of bed , rubbed some deodorant on, took some mouth wash, and slipped into her pink top and skirt. Judith’s eyes popped out of her head when she saw her. “I’m not changing into some granny clothes, ok? This is who I am. Take it or leave it.” Especially since singles dads might be attending as chaperones as well. Maybe Lily would have a hot date .

“Whatever. Let’s go.”

“I just have to-“ But Judith pulled Lily by her arm and out of the house, tossing her in the car. Lily, as Judith started the ignition and pulled into the road, dug both her hands deep in her crotch and squeezed her legs together as a massive pressure expanded in her abdomen. “I was gonna say I have to pee first!”

“You can go at the school. Just put you belt on and put on some of my makeup.”

Lily squirmed in her seat as she tried to remove her hands and put on her seatbelt. But letting go made it feel like a river would spill out of her. “Yeah,” she grunted. “I don’t think the seatbelt is gonna happen. I’ve got enough pressure on my-“

Judith reached over and stretched the seatbelt over her. She clicked it, and tightened in around Lily’s abdomen which caused such a huge amount of pressure Lily’s eyes and tongue popped out of her face for a second.

“My gosh!” She said bouncing in her seat. Her legs shaking and moving back snd forth. “You’re gonna make me spill like a fucking waterfall in my pants. I could’ve peed myself just now. How long it take to get to the school anyways.”

“About half hour from here.”

“HALF HOUR?!”

To be continued

*002*2021-09-15 14:19

Part 2

After over half an hour of bumps on the road, Lily was holding herself quite stern. Her legs remained tight together with her hands between them as her feet shook. She felt a massive, growing pressure pushing inside of her. A painful belly ache. Oh why couldn’t her damn sister had just let her peed before she left.

“Are we almost there?” Lily asked. “I REALLY gotta pee.”

“Coming uo now.”

There they were, as Judith turned into the lot of the school. They got out and approached the entrance. Since Judith was the actual parent, she had to check Lily in. They buzzed the intercom and asked to be let in.

As they waited Lily’s arms crossed around her big breasts and foot tapped.

“I have to pee so bad,” she said.

“Noted.” Judith rolled her eyes.

They entered the building after they heard the door unlock, and walked towards the main office. Lily noticed several male teachers and even a couple students admiring her beauty. While she appreciated it, what she really wanted right then and there was a bathroom! Lily saw a ladies room across the hall and started to walk to it, only to be grabbed by Judith.

“Hey!” She said.

“You can go after, we have to check in first.”

“I wait any longer I’m gonna go on the floor.” She bounced with her arms wrapped around herself.

Judith checked them in and hugged her sister good-bye. Lily was to report upstairs to meet the Vice Principal, Ms Lawya to instruct the chaperones. Lily though HAD to take that bathroom break NOW.

She reached the door and tried to open it, but it remained locked. “What the?” She wrested with the knob and knocked. “Hey, anyone in there?”

Inside a bunch of bullies were giving swirlies to the geeky girls.

“It’ll be a while,” one of the bullies said.

A toilet overflowed from the head in it, and water reached under the door and touched Lily’s feet, sending a chill up her spine that added unneeded pressure on her poor bladder.

“Oooooh man,” she said, squirming in place, her legs unable to stop. She went upstairs and found another bathroom. “Thank God.” She opened the door, and froze at the entrance as a bunch of cockroaches ran around the bathroom. Spider webs were on the mirrors, and dirt on every service. Lily slammed the door behind her, still full of pee. “I can’t let it rip in there.”

That’s when Ms Lawya appeared with a few other chaperones.

“You must be Lily.” She said.

“Y-yeah,” Lily stuttered with her arms and fists at her side, legs pacing back and forth. “Excuse me, but is there a bathroom any-“

“We actually need to head to the auditorium for the assembly. Chaperone breaks will take place after.”

“But I really gotta-“

Ms Lawya grabbed Lily around the arm and led the group away. Lily, in utter torment from her constant bladder pulses. It felt like she could burst any second.

They were seated in the auditorium, and Lily nervously between two hot dads who smiled at her. She smiled back, but grinned in misery as she shook from desperation. Her legs shaking uncontrollably so much that one of the guys placed a hand on her leg asking her to stop, she was shaking the whole row.

As much as she wanted to swipe his hand off, it was muscular and nice. But it didn’t help the fact that she was ready to blow.

“Oh I feel like I’m holding in a birth,” she said sweating in agony.

To be continued

*003*2021-09-15 16:53

Part 3

Lily couldn’t take it anymore. She had one hand over her mouth to cover her constant gulps as each MASSIVE bladder pulse echoed throughout her body PAINFULLY. Her legs wide opened, remembering an article she read years prior that if one really REALLY has to pee they should spread their legs opened. However, this only helped mildly.

Later, ask Lily painfully trampled back into the halls, her knees were turned inwards. This was becoming very serious. She was sweating all over snd shaking uncontrollably. She HAD to HOLD ON!

She was only able to move so fast down the halls, finding another bathroom, people giggling at her along the way making her turn red. How embarrassing, they could tell. She opened the bathroom door, having to use all her might, one hand quickly shoved deep into her crotch under her short skirt to stop the waterfall that was about to pour out of her.

“Stop right there missy!” Said the janitor. He put his hand in front of her face and pointed down to the closed for cleaning sign.

Lily pulled her hair, tears forming in her eyes as the bladder pains increased due to being so close to a toilet. She pressed her legs and crotch against the corner of the wall, and pushed in with all her might.

“Please!” She cried. “Oh please! I have to go so bad!”

“No can do missy,” he said, squeezing the mops into the bucket. Each drip feeling like a weight dropped on her bladder. “Not git!” He pushed her outside and locked the door.

Lily knocked with both fists, her whole body pushing against the door to her salvation.

“Please! I have to go so badly!”

She heard more water pour in the bucket, along with toilets flushing (the automatic flushers being set off) which caused Lily to moan in agony.

She was doing a potty dance. Arms going out, legs going up and down, cheeks puffing out and her whole body covered in a way sweat. She was not going to last much longer.

To be continued

Next and finale part: Lily reached salvation…but a line of desperate girls is between her

*004*2021-09-19 17:54

Finale

Lily was in her endgame. Her bladder was so filled the bottom of her tummy popped out from under her pink tight tank top. Her boobs had grown as a result of the hormones rushing through her body as her emotions spun wild, sweat falling all over her. She was hunched over, barely able to stand as the pain she was feeling was so severe.

Her legs shook inward, both hands tight into her crotch.

“I…I…I can’t STAND it anymore,” Lily stuttered, unable to push her words out well enough. She literally felt like she would EXPLODE any second. She carefully tiptoed up the stairs, headed for what was believed to be the last bathroom in this school. She could not stop shaking at all. She could hear the dramatic sound of a violin in her mind played at funerals, as she felt her panties and reputation would be dead any second.

Lily made it to the top of the stairs and saw the women’s room. She crept in and was stunned to see a huge line of women at each stall squirming around.

“AH FOR CRYING OUT LOUD!” She cried. Tears fell down her face as the pain grew too intense. She froze as spurts escaped from her clenched pussy. Against all her might the spurts kept dripping out. “Please…God.” Lily was shaking and squirming uncontrollably. “Pl…please.”

However, the toilets and sinks going off around her, along with seeing how long she have to wait was too much. Her bladder exploded, and pee drenched her skirts and legs down to the floor. A couple other woman lost control too, but no one noticed as Lily’s accident was too graphic .

“NOOOOOOOO!” She screamed. Others rushed in the bathroom, including a few cute guys, all the more making Lily turn more red, frozen in terror as a puddle expanded around the grown woman who had a major accident. “I…I…”

But students started laughing, then half the adults too. Lily’s life was ruined. She ran out of the school crying, slipping a couple times on her own pee.

The end

