The conference (part 7)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-08 11:00

There’s a knock at the door and a male voice shouts.

‘Five more minutes. If you could wind up and finish off and make your way back to the main auditorium please. Thank you.’

James grabs and squeezes himself as he looks over at June, her cheeks puffy and her face red with the exertion of holding her excruciatingly full bladder but with her back to the door so only James sees this. He watches the door handle move down as he tries valiantly to hold onto his full bladder just a bit longer.

The door doesn’t open and they both hear the number being tapped into the keypad as James starts talking…

‘I would say we’ve done this task very well wouldn’t you June? I feel like I have a firm grasp of the situation now and understand much better how to read what someone really needs even when they don’t say. I would say we are just about finished here wouldn’t you?’

The door opens and an older male sticks his head in. Glancing in he smiles as he reiterates what they could hear from outside.

‘If you could please just finish up and make your way back into the hall now. We’ll have a time of debrief and summary to end and get some feedback on how your sessions have went. This door seems to be sticky so I’ll turn off the key entry just in case you can’t get out. You both ok?’

James nods and at that the door closes and the head disappears.

June breathes through gritted teeth as James grabs himself again and doubles over.

‘Oh God I’m gonna piss myself June. You managing there?’

Shaking, quietly she whimpers, almost crying.

‘No! It’s coming out!’

Thinking quickly as a dribble leaks into his already damp boxers James flips the top sheet over on the flip chart and rips a handful of large sheets off. Dancing frantically he scrunches them up and hobbles around to June.

‘Forget the toilets! Quick! I’m never going to make it and neither are you!’

Placing the pile of scrunched up white paper on the floor James reaches out to help June up from the chair as she instantly pulls the sides of her pencil skirt back up and the gusset of her knickers aside. Crouching down and facing James warm pee immediately shoots out of her vagina splashing and soaking into the paper. James immediately unzips again and yanks his own throbbing member out as instantly urine arches out at force as he struggles to aim it down towards the paper too. Stepping back as urine whizzes out of his body he pushes down to prevent splash back hitting June.

‘Geez it’s not for stopping!’

‘Neither is mine! Oh my God. Fuck this feels so good!’

‘I know!’

Watching the mound of paper shrink as it get wetter and wetter as it changes colour and shape in front of their eyes James raises his eyes to see the relief and joy radiate from June’s face.

‘I can not put into words how much better I feel already. Sheesh did I need this so much!’

‘Me too! I’m still pissing! Sorry it’s so hard to aim properly. Hope I’m not splashing you.’

‘Don’t worry about it. Mine is coming out at all angles too. Not sure why I bothered to pull my knickers aside mind you. They are soaked anyway. Oh Fuck this feels incredible doesn’t it.’

‘Mmmmmm’

Shaking himself dry as the final dribbles fall onto the paper and the thin carpet beneath James tucks his anatomy back into his underwear and zips and fastens his suit trousers so much easier now his bladder is finally empty.

Meanwhile June finally let’s one last spurt out before letting her knickers go and checking her suspenders are still fastened fully then brushing her skirt down and zipping it up behind her. Standing up she looks around the room as she smiles and reaches over for some complimentary hand wipes on the table that were supplied with the buffet lunch. Handing one to James she tears her own open and gives her hands a thorough wipe down. James does the same before tossing the used wipe on the table.

‘I’m just going to grab a quick drink then we ought to head back in. What do you think we should do with this wet paper?’

James scan the room finally noticing a small waste paper basket near a corner. Bending down he gathers the dripping warm paper, carrying it awkwardly so as not to soak his clothes, as he pushes it into the bin watching as drips run down the plastic spokes of the open basket as land on the floor. Hoping the warmth of the room dries it out somewhat before anyone else comes into the room James quickly grabs another wipe and rips it open with his teeth as he once again wipes his hands.

June has a cold slice of cheese and tomato pizza in her hand as James suddenly rips the top sheet of the flip board he wrote on as they gather their suit jackets and bags and walk towards the main auditorium again.

