The business man & the hitchhiker boy!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-07-23 20:28

A businessman was on the way back home from a business trip.

The guy was near 40, wealthy and good looking.

He was traveling alone with his car as he came to a junction with three roads, one of which leads to the highway.

From a distance he saw a hitchhiker boy.

His rucksack was on the ground and he was on the way to some bushes.

Not difficult to guess what he wanted there, but as he saw the guys car with the license plate from his home down, which was 4 car hours away from this point, he turned back to the road and lifted his thumb.

The guy stopped his car and was more than pleasant to see a very cute boy in front of him.

The boy was between 18 and 19 years old, very slim and did wear super short and super sexy shorts.

The business guy was bisexual and this boy was exactly the type of boy which he liked.

He didn’t know where he should look first , at his cute face, or at his wonderful shaped, naked legs.

”will you take me with you?” He asked and smiled full of anticipation.

”With love!” Answered the guy and opened the door.

The boy was glad and happy and said “ thank you, that was really much luck for me to get straight home .” He said and smiled again.

Until now he didn’t know that it was much luck for the guy as well.

The boy, Tim was his name, did wear just very small shorts and a T-shirt, not even shoes. His feet and his legs were bare. The guy couldn’t stop to look at his slim but slightly muscular thighs.

The guy did know very well where the boy wanted to go and what he wanted to do before he got in the car, but he wanted to hear it from him so he asked “where were you going before you saw me?”

”It was not important i have to piss, i wanted to go behind the bushes.” Answered the boy.

”But that is really not important, i can wait!” He continued.

The guy was horny at the moment, because he loves nothing more than boys who are in desperately need to pee.

They had a very good conversation for nearly two hours and they found each other very likable.

Stopping to let the boy pee was not an issue.

Tim didn’t ask for a stop, but hoped they would stop somewhere soon.

The guy didn’t want to stop because he loved to know that the boy was needing to pee and he wanted to make him hold longer.

He enjoyed the situation of having a cute boy next to him who had to pee very urgently.

The boy was a student, had a good knowledge and they talked about a lot of themes.

He said it’s very difficult for a student with the money and that he have to work part time in a fast food restaurant to pay his rent.

It was already around noon and it was visible that the boy was needing to pee.

He did try to hide his need, but the guy could see how he tensed his upper thigh muscles and how he pressed his bony knees together.

The guy loved it, he wanted to increase his lust and wanted to talk about it.

”You need to pee pretty bad!! Don’t you?” Asked the guy full of lust.

”Yes i really would have to piss very urgently already, i haven’t peed since yesterday evening.

I was on the road all night with a truck and only got out shortly before you arrived and wanted to go straight into the bushes, but as you know i wasn’t.

I haven’t peed since 9 pm yesterday, my bladder is really very full already.” Said the boy.

The guy’s cock was big and hard at the same moment.

“Strong performance, 15 hours without a pee is a long time!” He said.

”You like that!!?? You like that i need to piss very urgently! Don’t you?” Asked the boy.

”The guy was amazed about that straight question and asked bewildered and caught “why do you think so?”

”That’s quite simple, first i saw how big your cock got as i told you that i have not pissed since yesterday and then you did know that i was needing to pee when i did get in the car and you didn’t stop for me to let me go for 3 hours.

So i think that you like it that my bladder is very full and that i would need to go very urgently a that you like to make me wait.”Answered the boy.

”You are absolutely right, i know it’s bad and evil but i really love it that you haven’t pissed since yesterday and that you have to go very bad, it turns me on very much and i have to add, your slim, half naked body turns me on as well” confessed the already very horny guy.

”Thank you for your compliment. I like it that you like my body and I don’t think it’s bad if it is arousing for you when i have to pee urgently, many people gets turned on to see others desperate and a lot of people like it to play with their bladder.

Some of my friends made holding competitions, they tried to test who can go the longest without to pee, or they tried to drink and hold as long as possible .” Answered the boy.

”I am glad that you understand me and that you are not upset that i made you hold.

That with your friends sounds very good to me, did you make a competition with them?”Asked the guy visibly aroused.

”No i haven’t but my bladder is pretty strong and trained, because if you are a hitchhiker you have to have a strong bladder.

I have never and i would never ask for a pee stop when i am in someone’s car.” Said the boy.

”Would you be able to hold it until we are at home?” Asked the guy.

”I don’t know, i have never before held it that long .”Answered the boy.

”You told me that you have problems with money, i make you an offer to earn easily money, you can think about whether you accept my offer.

We stop at the next service station, i invite you for a good lunch, you drink a large coke and i’ll give you € 100 when you don’t go to the toilet before we leave.” Said the guy.

”I don’t have to think about it, € 100 is a lot of money for me, i take your offer and i don’t go to the toilet even i would need to go more than urgently.” Answered the boy “ and something else, i have noticed that you are constantly looking at my naked legs, you can touch it if you like it, you don’t have to pay for that, because i don’t want to be your boy whore, my legs are free for you, they are my price for the journey ” Continued the boy.

”I am glad that you take my offer, i will take your offer as well.” He said and put his hand where he had wanted to put it for 3 hours, at the boy’s naked upper thigh.

A half an hour later, they stopped and went to the motorway restaurant.

*003*2025-07-24 15:50

{{18 hours ago, JW123456 said:

Woah, can't wait for this to continue

Idk why the hitchhiker is barefoot but I love it. The guy might want to ask him about it haha

}}

I am glad that you like my story!

A really good question “ why the hitchhiker is barefoot.”

I think because i love the imagination that his legs are bare from his toes up under his shorts.

But if i continue this story I’ll try to find a reason for you.

.

*006*2025-07-25 05:21

{{1 hour ago, eucoloco said:

I love your stories

}}

Thank you i am glad about it.

*007*2025-07-25 08:10

A half an hour later they stopped at the parking lot of the motorway restaurant.

Tim was getting out of the car and went over to the guy, he was still barefoot.

“Would it not be good to put shoes on?” Asked the guy.

”It would be good, but i don’t have any.” Answered the boy.

”How is this possibility that you don’t have shoes if you are hitchhiking through the whole country?” Asked the guy.

The boy told him that he was sleeping in the truck without shoes, he was sleeping until the morning, the driver waked him up as they were already at the junction, because he went to another direction.

He had to get out very quickly because they were standing at red traffic lights in line before the crossroads.

He just took his rucksack and jumped out of the truck without shoes. “My shoes are still in the truck.” He said.

”I like it! Your slim naked legs are so sexy and they are even more sexy and erotic for me when you are barefoot.

I love it that you only wear 3 pieces of clothing on your wonderful body.” Said the guy aroused.

”Why 3 ? There are only 2 i never wear undies.” Said the boy smiled and loved to turn on the guy.

” You are pretty naughty!” Answered the horny guy.

It was summer, but because of the air con was it was very cool in the restaurant and the floor was really cold, too cold for the boys bare feet and for his very full bladder, that increased his need even more.

They took a table and sat opposite “ Can i put my feet on your shoes, because the floor is very cold.” Asked the boy.

”Do it, i will love to feel your feet at my, i would love to feel your legs as well.”Answered the guy and called the waitress.

He ordered some good food for both and a large drink for Tim.

The boy looked at the drink and said “I don’t think there is room for all of this in my bladder, it’s already full to burst.

I haven’t pissed since 16 hours and i am needing to go since hours, already very urgently.

”I know it and i love it, but you are a healthy boy, you can stand it and we have a deal!! Don’t we?” Said the man.

”Yes we have a deal and i will try my best.” Answered the boy.

The guy had all the time of the world, he enjoyed to sit with a cute beautiful boy, who is showing him so much bare skin of his wonderful sexy body and who is holding his urine since the day before in his very full bladder.

Before he paid the bill he asked Tim if he would like to have one more drink, but he didn’t want.

The guy paid the bill cash and he gave how pre arranged € 100 to the boy.

He took the money and said ”That is the first time that i earned money with my body, especially with my bladder.” Said Tim and smiled.

On way out, they passed a restroom. “You really needed to go in there?” Asked the guy and smiled sadistic.

”Yes very, very urgently, but i will not! My bladder has to earn money for me.” Answered the boy and squeezed his naked thighs together.

*009*2025-07-26 20:17

{{58 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

A very hot story! I like that the hitchhiker is a willing participant. I would expect that eventually the businessman will need to pee.

}}

Trank you, i am glad that you like my story.

*010*2025-07-26 21:52

The fact that the boy had to pee so urgently and got into the car to him even though he knew that he wouldn’t get a chance to pee for at last two hours and that much of the big drink was still on its way into his already extremely full bladder made him totally horny.

”The poor boy didn’t pee since last evening, he was needing to go since he waked up early in the morning in the truck!

How much longer will he endure this? How much more can his bladder expand and how big can it get?”Thought the guy to himself.

The boy on the other hand had to pee urgently, but he was glad that he could earn money for nothing. The only thing that he had to do, or better he had not to do was peeing.

He was aroused as well because of that he was able to turn on the guy with his body and with his ability to hold his pee.

It was a completely new situation for him which he wanted to improve.

They were sitting side by side, the guy takes advantage of the boy’s offer from before and puts his hand again on his thigh.

”It’s pretty hot today.” Said Tim and stripped his T shirt.

He did it more to turn the guy on than because of the heat and he was very successful.

“ Boy you are looking breathtaking, I’m loss for words, you are simply great!

But that is not fair what you are doing to me, you know that i love boys as well and especially boys who looks like you .” Said the guy.

For me you are the perfect boy, but it’s a kind of torture for me when you show yourself to me like this.” Admired the man.

”I absolutely don’t want to torture you, quite the opposite, i did it to enjoy you, you should have fun with me.

Apart from the fact that i really need to pee very, very urgently, i really enjoy traveling with you, because i like you as well.”Said Tim.

”Now i !! have to say thank you for your compliment.

The guy had still his right hand on the left upper thigh of the boy.

He caressed and pressed his wonderful, sexy thigh from his bony knees into the short legs of his short shorts.

He could feel how he tensed his thigh muscles from time to time and he knew very well why the boy was doing this.

”You would have to piss really bad, don’t you?” Asked the guy full of lust and horniness.

”Yes I would have to pee very urgently, it’s getting almost painful. The large drink was not the best for me.” Answered Tim.

The guy wanted to increase his horniness, he wanted to talk about the boys need and about his bursting full bladder and therefore he asked “ How long do you think you could hold it back if you had do?”

”I don’t know that , until then i couldn’t even imagine that i would be able to suppress my urge for so long, but meanwhile i like it and i like it that you get turned on so much about it.” Answered the boy.

”And more besides it turns me on that i take money for to let you torture my body, especially my piss bladder.

I haven’t peed since last evening, i need to piss so very urgently, but i don’t go even it is painful and my bladder hurts, because you pay me for holding my pee back.

You pay me like a whore for sex and i let me play!

That feels so dirty, so naught and so slutty, but i love it!

I think that i have changed my mind, i think that i would like it to be your boy whore.

“I’ve always known that i have a strong bladder and that i can go a long time without peeing, but since today i know that i can endure much more if i have to.

You made to me an offer to hold my pee back for money and now i make you the offer, to let you torturing my bladder for money.

You can press and push on it and maybe a lot more.” Said the boy and pushed the waistband of his shorts down to his pubic hair to show him his belly.

The man saw the flat, sexy abdomen of the young guy where the contours of his big overfilled bladder was already visible and couldn’t resist to accept the offer of the boy.

He didn’t want to hurt him, but he wanted to touch his belly and he wanted to play with his very full bladder.

He wanted to feel the firmness and he wanted to press on that balloon full with hot pee, to increase the poor boy’s urge to see how he will deal with it.

*011*2025-07-28 21:50

The two guys liked each other from the beginning.

The older one admired the younger one’s fantastic body very much.

It was so exciting and arousing for the guy to see this body and to be able to touch it.

Additionally arousing was that the boy was needing to pee very urgently but didn’t go.

He had only known him for a few hours but he liked him very much and had real feelings for him.

He also wanted to help him with his financial difficulties with the rent.

The boy had still his shorts down on his belly.

”I need to pee soooo bad, so very, very, very urgently, but i think you love that.” Said the boy.

” Look at my bladder it’s full to explode.

It was never before in my life so big and so full, it is totally visible and feel how hard it is.” He continued.

The guy could see the contours of the boy’s bladder in his slim, flat abdomen and he could feel the firmness.

He could not resist to press harder and harder in his belly, on that so much overfilled balloon.

He loved to see how the boy tensed his muscles, how he pressed his knees together and how he pinched his thighs with both hands very hard.

He pressed and pushed so hard until the boy began to tremble and until he said “sorry but i can’t take any more.”

The guy stopped to torture the boy’s bladder and began to caress his whole body until they were in their home town.

The boy laid his had on the man’s shoulder and whispered in the guy’s ear “ too bad we’ll be there soon.”

”Yes it’s a real shame, for me it could take the whole night or longer.” Answered the man a little sentimentally.

”It might take longer, take me with you, I’m still on vacation.” Said the boy and smiled at the guy.

” Would you stay overnight with me?” Asked the guy full of joy and excitement.

”I would love to!!” Answered the boy also excited.

”Wouldn’t you go to the toilet straight away when we arrive?” Asked the guy full of horniness.

”I wouldn’t! I would try my best to wait as long as possible!” Said the boy and kissed the guy on his cheek.

The man was in heaven, he took the boy’s head with his hand, turned it around and kissed him on his mouth.

The boy let him do it and kissed him back with his wet, soft tongue deep into his mouth.

*013*2025-08-08 20:38

{{1 hour ago, JW123456 said:

Very nice story!

Looking forward to see how this ends haha

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it.

*014*2025-08-12 06:37

“Do you take me with you, can i sleep in your house, with you together in your bed?” Asked the boy offering himself.

Tim felt always attracted to men, but until now he dated only girls, but never before boys or men.

He discovered the desire for men who were older than him.

There was so much new for the boy, the man excited him very much and also the situation that he held his very full bladder for him and that he suppressed his very strong piss urge for him.

It was as well new for him that having to pee but not going can be very arousing, especially for money was a extra turn on.

He was also flattered that the man admired his body so much.

The guy on the other hand, have always been attracted to slim boys between 18 and 20 years.

It also made him extremely horny when a girl or a boy of that age urgently needed to pee but couldn’t or wasn’t allowed to go for a long time.

Now he had both, he had a young cute boy with a beautiful body who was ready to overfill his strong bladder to the utmost.

He could hardly believe his luck, it was like a dream that came true.

Therefore he said “ I would love to have you with me tonight and i would love to have you in my bed and feel your gorgeous body at my body all night long.”

Tim loved to hear this and thanked him with a wet kiss on the cheek.

They were now already near the man’s house.

”Should i put my T-Shirt back on, because of the neighbors?” asked Tim.

” No that will be not necessary, we drive directly into the garage.” Answered the guy.

“I also leave my shorts open, they would press too much on my bladder. I think i wouldn’t be able to get the top button closed anymore, my bladder is already to big and to swollen.” Said Tim and caressed his bulge.

They got out of the car, Tim took his large rucksack and they went into the house.

”Do you want a shower?” Asked the guy.

”That would be great.” Answered the boy.

They went to the bathroom and both took off their clothes. They were both completely naked and looked at each other.

Both cocks were half stiff when they went together into the shower.

Tim’s cock was medium sized and looked very appetizing. The other guys cock was a lot bigger and thicker.

Both were thrilled by the sight and were very excited.

”Boy, you have the most beautiful body i have ever seen.” Said the guy full of admiration and started washing him with shampoo.

It was already a little after 2 pm, the boy hadn’t peed for longer than 17 hours, his urge was extremely strong and his bladder visibly pregnant in his super flat stomach.

The guy enjoyed washing this beautiful slime body and couldn’t resist pressing hard on the boy’s overfilled bladder.

”It is so difficult for me to feel all the water on my body, to hear it splashing so loudly and to hold back my own water inside me and it is even more difficult when you press so hard on my bladder.” Said Tim.

“But you love it to torture me and my poor bladder! Don’t you?” Asked the boy, kissed him and pressed his slim wet body hard against the guy’s body.

”Torture me!!! If you love it i will love it too!!” Said the boy and kissed him again.

*015*2025-08-13 05:17

“Boy you can’t imagine how happy you make me. I like you so much, i think i have fallen in love with you.” Answered the guy.

He washed all parts of the boy’s body with joy and great pleasure.

It felt so good to glide with his shampooed hands over his smooth, soft skin.

He washed his slim, slightly muscular thighs, his bone hard cock, his little firm ass and his swollen belly.

”I make you clean outside and inside.” Said the guy and pushed one finger deep in his little tight hole.

That was the first time for the boy to have anything in his tight virgin ass and it felt very good and very hot for him.

”I am still not clean, can you you please wash my inside more intensively.”Said Tim.

” You naughty little boy drive me crazy, you learned very quickly, it seems you are born to be naughty and to turn guys like me on.” Said the young man with still his finger in the boy’s little ass.

After a long shower he took a towel and dried the boy up very tenderly.

Only his belly had to be rubbed more intensively, with much more pressure.

He rubbed so hard that the poor boy moaned with strong piss distress and that he had to cross his sexy legs to keep his urine inside his overfull bladder.

”It seems that you naughty guy are born to torture and to torment boys like me ” Said the boy and crossed his legs more tightly.

On the way out they past the toilet bowl, the boy looked with great desire at it and said “I would need that thing sooo very, very badly and urgently, but don’t worry, i won’t use it, not now, not until i am allowed to use it!! Said the horny boy and walked with demonstratively rubbing knees.

”You are such a strong sexy good boy!” Said the guy, took the boy by his naked slim hips and led him out of the bathroom with his bladder so full that it is clearly visible in his flat stomach.

*016*2025-08-15 22:42

“What du we do now or rather what do you want to do with me.” Asked the boy.

”I would know a few things i would love to do with you, but first we’ll go to the pool in my garden.” Said the guy.

”Do you have swimming trunks in you rucksack?” Asked the guy.

”Sure.” Answered the boy, took them out of his rucksack and put them on right away.

They were super small and hardly covered his delicate lower body.

”You look so hot!!! Said the man took the boy around his slim hips and went with him in the garden.

Actually they could have stayed naked because no one can see from outside into the garden, but the guy found it more exciting to see the boy in a small slip.

This small piece of clothing made this already very exciting body for a while even more exciting and erotic for him.

They lay on a large sun lounger, caressed each other and kissed.

Both of them were tired and after a while, they fell asleep tightly embraced.

After an hour they woke up and it took them a few seconds to realize this situation, but then they loved that situation very much.

”Oh my god how muuuuch do i have to pee!” Said the boy.

“Tell it to me, how much and how badly do you have to go?” Asked the guy, Mike was the name of the guy.

”Very badly it’s a very strong urge with hurts me already a little, but it’s not unbearable.”Answered Tim.

He told him that he had to go already urgently as he wanted to go into the bushes in the morning and that he didn’t think that he would be able to hold it much longer after that large drink at lunch on the motorway station.

After the drink it quickly got worse and worse, but when all the liquid was in his bladder, the pressure was very strong but evenly strong and it calmed down a little.

“It would be very, very urgent now, it will certainly hurt, but i think i can hold out a few more hours.”

”But can you tell me why you like it so much when i have to pee so very badly?” Asked Tim.

”This is not really to explain, when someone had to pee very badly but didn’t go or couldn’t go has excited me since i can remember.” Answered Mike.

”It just makes me horny to know that you haven’t pissed since yesterday and that you have had to go for many hours and that you have to go now extremely urgently.

It makes me horny to see how big your bladder already is in your sexy slim belly.

There must be so much urine inside your bladder what wants to get out so badly.

I love to feel with my hands how full and how hard your bladder is. I love to press on it so that you have to piss even more.

I really like you very very much and i know it’s bad, but you can never need to piss badly enough for me.” Answered Mike, put his thigh on the boys lower abdomen and pressed with his knee on the boy’s full bladder until he moaned from his need to piss so badly and urgently.

They pressed their bodies tightly together, they pressed their thighs between each other’s thighs, they kissed and played around like young lovers usually do.

Tim’s cock didn’t have enough space in his super small panties, it was hard as a bone and visible under his swimming trunks parallel to the rubber band of his pants.

The elastic band put additional pressure on his already clearly visible bladder.

Mike looked at this and freed the boy’s cock from its prison. He pulled the little pants down on his slim, sexy thighs. The boy’s cock jumped out and stood upright in the air.

It was such a erotic sight, the appetizing young cock and the little pants down on the boy’s slender thighs.

Tim did the same to Mike and it happened the same.

The guy’s XL cock stood as well upright up to his navel.

The boy looked at it fascinated and asked “ may i take this big thing in my mouth?”

”I would love that!!!” Said the guy with a trembling voice.

The boy took the big cock in his mouth and sucked it.

It was the boy’s first time that he had a penis in his mouth, but it seamed that he was a natural talent in pee holding and as well in cock sucking.

He did it so tender and so good that Mike had to stop him before he was cuming.

He wanted to stay horny for some more hours.

They went totally naked into the pool and fooled around like teenagers in love.

Now and then admitted the boy how badly he would need to piss, but didn’t ask even once for permission to go.

At evening Mike ordered pizzas for both which they ate naked at the garden table.

Tim sometimes pressed his knees together, pinching his hot thighs with both hands and squeezed his penis pushed it between his thighs and crossed his legs tightly over it.

”Does my poor boy need to wee?” Teased him the guy.

Tim only smiled suffering .

At 10 pm they went inside for to take a shower before sleeping.

On the way out of the bathroom they passed again the toilet bowl. Tim had to force himself with all his willpower not to use it.

„You can’t absolutely not imagine how much i would need that thing!“ he said, but let the guy lead him out of the bathroom.

He was willing to go with Mike in his sleeping room because he thought that they will have sex very soon and then he could finally pee before sleeping.

They went naked in the bed, they entwined each other and pressed their bodies hard together.

Then Mike kissed the boy, switched off the lights and said „sleep well my boy and have a nice dream.“

He wanted to stay horny and he wanted to make the boy hold until the morning.

He was so satisfied, happy and aroused about that the boy didn’t piss before they went to bed.

Tim on the other hand was shocked and could hardly believe what happened.

The boy had not pissed since 25 1/2 hours he had to pee so much that he could hardly stand it anymore.

Absolutely impossible for him to hold it back until tomorrow morning, he couldn’t wait for so much longer and therefore he wanted to get out of the bed.

Mike knew it very well where he wanted to go but he asked “ What are you doing, where do you want to go?”

”To the toilet, i have to piss so badly, i can’t sleep with my bladder that full.” Answered the boy.

