Shelby's Desperate Dilemna

Author: MastereE

*000*2020-01-28 00:59

Some background first I guess:

I've actually been here for a solid three years, lurking around, until I lost the email my first account was linked to. I didn't really see a reason to make another account, until I viewed some exceptional art from Jailor Eckman and Biku (I'm sure there were plenty more but those are the most memorable to me). It really gave me some food for thought and inspired me to write my first story on here, so I guess try flaming it as hard as you can, I'd appreciate feedback I'm gonna keep the concept fairly simple, so if you are looking for extreme holding/other fancy things turn back now. A big thank you to those two if they ever end up reading this lol. Onto the story.

Also, if my formatting for the post is atrocious sorry, first time lol

Shelby grimaced silently, looking at the clock on the far side of the room. Only twenty minutes of her first period had passed, and she was already beginning to feel a tingling in the lower part of her body. Shelby's bladder was already fairly small to begin with, and her kidneys slowly processing seven bottles of energy drinks was not helping her predicament. Due to her incredibly lackluster work habits, she had procrastinated an entire research paper on the conservation of water (which was to be worked on over an entire month, also water, how convenient ;]) until last night, in which she hurriedly copy pasted evidence and images from a multitude of sources, somehow pulling a fairly coherent blob of words together into her paper.

In order to keep herself awake doing this, she kept downing energy drinks, bringing the grand total to seven. She instinctively reached into her backpack for a bathroom pass, but to her dismay, her hands could not find the small slips of paper which would bring her relief. Then her sleep deprived brain remembered how she had used all three of her bathroom passes yesterday so she could gossip about boys with her friends in the hallway. "Shit," she thought. "Guess I'll just have to hold my pee. I'm a big girl afer all. Right?"

An agonizing half hour passed, and Shelby's bladder was keen not to miss reminding her that it needed relief. By this point, she was uncomfortably crossing and uncrossing her legs, tapping her feet on the ground, and making quite the commotion. In fact, she completely forgot she was in a classroom until the raspy voice of an old man rang out through the air.

"SHELBY!"

Shelby quietly squealed, as she was jolted back to reality with the teacher, Mr. K boldly scrutinizing her.

"Y-y-yes?" she stammered?

"Repeat the last sentence I just said. About what we humans can do to conserve water."

Water. Her bladder signalled to her that there was too much of it inside of her. She involuntarily grabbed at her nether reigons. Mr. K noticed this action and barked, "Is there a problem?"

"N-no, I just don't remember what you said..." Shelby muttered quietly. As one of the more attractive and popular girls in the school, she was not going to admit she needed a potty break.

Mr. K looked at her with a disgusted look. "Maybe if you stand for the rest of the class period you would be more inclined to pay attention. And stop fidgeting around so much! You're causing a distraction!"

Shelby shuffled to the back of the classroom with her boiling load of liquid, cursing silently. Could she even keep all her pent up golden juice inside of her without assistance from her hands or legs? The next fourty minutes passed torturously slowly, as if someone had used The World and she was just stuck standing there, like an inflated balloon about to burst. [Short Intermission I like JoJo if you like JoJo i like you :D]. Her body cried out to grab her crotch, to cross her legs, to potty dance like a grade schooler, but her pride won, and she stood patienly like the good, grown-up high school girl she was.

After what seemed like half a millinnemum, a loud electronic beep graced her ears. The bell had finally saved her from her time in the torture chamber of pee holding! She rushed to her seat to grab her belongings at the speed of a racehorse, and began her journey to relief by sprinting out the door, until she heard someone call her name.

"Wait, Shelby, don't you have to stay after class for the advisory meeting?"

To be continued (maybe?)

*001*2020-02-03 01:03

Part 2: [Insert Creative Title Here]

Shelby dragged herself and her uncomfortably full bladder to the front of the room. Of course the meeting was today. She had signed up for this stupid position in hopes that it would give her a better chance at being the class valedictorian, and she had never felt more regret in her life than she did now looking back on the decision she made. At least she wasn't the actual speaker today. She took her place behind her podium as the designated slide-flipping person, and patiently waited for her underclassmen to file in. An incredibly strong pang in her bladder jolted her back to reality, causing her to abruptly cross her legs and jam her hands into her crotch. Shelby quickly looked around to see if anyone had noticed her childish act when she realized he podium was completely blocking her body from view. She mentally sighed in relief, and realized she could maintain this position for the rest of the meeting.

"Great, it won't be as bad as I thought. I'll just hold myself until the end of this stupid meeting and then I'll finally get to pee..." she muttered to herself. However, the thought of urination caused an extra loud complaint from her bladder, causing her to yelp quietly and tighten her grip on her pussy.

"You OK over there?" a voice called from her left. Shelby turned and saw her friend Karen, the speaker for the meeting.

"Y-yeah, just nerves," said Shelby as she smiled weakly.

Karen walked over to Shelby and whispered quietly, "I kinda have to pee. Hopefully I can make it through this", she said giggling.

Shelby attempted to laugh at Karen's confession, but she could not get her mind off the thought of urine, urination, her bladder relieving all of its contents, oh the bliss...

"I WANNA PEE! NOW! I'VE BEEN HOLDING IT FOR SOOO LONGGGGG!" her brain screamed at her. At this point, Shelby had strengthened her grip so she was literally hodling her pee hole shut. She shuddered, and continued to endure through her watery and painful trial. She hadn't even noticed the underclassman filing in, or the presentation even starting, until she realized Karen quietly looking at her. Shelby snapped back to reality, realizing she was the slide person, then realizing she wasn't holding the presentation remote since both her hands were acting as a makeshift dam. Fumbling around, she released her deathgrip on her private parts in attempt to grab the remote and flip to he next slide. This was a poor decision, as a small stream of pee trickled out and into her panties.

"COME BACK! COME BACK NOWWW HANDS PLEASEEE!" her brain moaned, but all the eyes in the room were on her. Karen looked behind her and realized the slide had been changed, and grabbed the attention of the audience and began speaking again. At this point, Shelby had optimized the placement of her hands, her left to act as her bladder barricade, and the right to act as the remote controller.

"Hnnngh it felt so much better with two hands..." she thought to herself. As the presentation dragged on, beads of sweat began to run down her forehead. 99% of her effort was focused on keeping her bladder in check and the measly remaining 1% was being used to flip the slides whenever they needed to be changed. Shelby was supposed to answer any questions after the presentation, so it would be wise of her to actually pay attention, but underclassmen generally never cared and never asked any questions, so she continued to exert the majority of her effort to not cause a flash flood in her underwear. After another agonizing four slides, the bell decided to spare Shelby's tired bladder and let its voice ring out through the school.

"Aaaand if you have any questions you can ask Shelby over there!" Karen concluded, as she started briskly walking towards the door. Shelby saw a few underclassmen saunter towards her.

"No, no, no why now?!?!" she whispered. On any day, she would have been excited to help these young students out, but today, her bladder was simply not having it. She brushed past the started and confused freshman and made a beeline for the exit. Once she was out of sight, her hands dove right back into her nether area, like a heron diving for fish. She awkwardly half hobbled half ran to the girl's bathroom, but to her dismay, the singular stall was occupied. Her disapointment and panic quickly multiplied when she saw Karen in front of the stall door, frantically knocking.

"Pleeeaaase hurry I'm literally about to wet myself," Karen desperately pleaded. The only response was a steady stream of liquid forcefully hitting a porcelain bowl and heavy breathing from the other side.

What was only 45 seconds felt like twelve years, as the stall occupant finally walked out. Karen clumsily dashed into the stall, fumbling with her zipper, until a loud repetitive beeping began to sound. The fire alarm.

"Oh come onnn really???" Karen groaned. Although Shelby stayed silent, her bladder more or less expressed this sentiment by sending an incredibly strong pang throughout her body.

"Attention students," the PA speaker said. "This is not a drill. An unidentified individual has been spotted carrying a firearm around campus. Please run to the nearest closed area and hide. I repeat, this is not a drill. Remain until you receive further instructions."

Karen burst out of the stall with tears in her eyes. "I don't even know how long this is going to take I'm actually going to wet myself..." she stuttered through her panic and shock of not getting her sweet relief. Her eyes then traveled down to Shelby's pants, where Shelby's hands were still firmly cemented near her love shaft. [I'm running out of synonyms for crotch send help D:]

"Hey do y-"

"We can't do anything about it. Let's go," Shelby briskly interrupted, dragging her friend outside her bathroom and into a nearby janitor closet."

After hearing another female's torrential downpour a few seconds earlier, Shelby could only focus on pee. She didn't know how much longer she could last, but this torturous intermission between her and her bathroom break would not be very helpful.

### to be continued(probably)--

My upcoming week is pretty busy, but I felt like writing so uh here you are to the two followers of this thing xD

*002*2020-05-27 09:54

Part 3: Long Awaited End

Hello I'm back from lurking and exist again, hope you guys enjoy :)

The janitor closet was pitch black. Everything seemed to go silent for a few minutes. The school was so peaceful despite the current situation. Then Shelby heard the shuffling of clothes and the tapping of shoes, the unmistakable sound of Karen's pee dance. A few minutes later, Karen began to whimper. She tugged on Shelby's sleeve and whispered, "I can't hold it anymore."

"You have to!" Shelby hissed back. "It's not like you can pee he-"

Shelby was interrupted by the sound of a certain liquid hitting the ground. She realized the urgency of her friend's situation and it was a quite painful reminder of her own.

"We'll work something out," she muttered as her eyes began scouring the darkness for anything that could help. There was absolutely nothing. Some paint cans, and a mop.

"A... mop?" Shelby thought to herself. Then it hit her.

"Here, use this," Shelby said as she shoved the mop towards her friend.

A blank look spread on Karen's face. "Do your... thing on the head," Shelby tried explaining.

"That's sooooooooooooo gross! No way am I ev-" Karen was stopped by a sudden bladder spasm. The splattering of liquid on floor lasted for longer than the first occurrence.

"You either soak the mop or you soak your underwear," Shelby blatantly stated.

"Ughhhh..... you're right..." Karen admitted. Through a series of leaks and moans, she slowly adjusted herself to face the mop. Then, in one swift motion, she pulled her pants and panties down. Or tried. The hissing of liquid on cloth seemed to reverberate throughout the closet as the geyser of piss met an unforseen obstacle. Karen frantically tried to readjust her garments, finally succeeding after a long ten seconds. At this point, it was over for Karen's clothes. Her violent river of urine had entirely soaked her underwear and jeans, but the flow was just getting started. Karen's bladder had finally been allowed to release itself, and it contracted with such force that her stream completely overshot the mophead and was now hissing out through a crack in the door.

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmfffffffffhaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," Karen moaned in ecstacy. She didn't care how much of a mess she was making. She was just glad her watery trial was finally over and there was nothing between her and sweet release.

"You're going to get us killed!" Shelby hissed, but Karen was already in her own world.

Shelby, on the other hand, was not doing so hot. It was hard enough holding a horse's bladder worth of pee in, but the sound of Karen's bodily process was pushing her to her breaking point. As the initial hissing transitioned into splashing due to her friend rapidly adding to her puddle of bodily fluid, Shelby's bladder muscles decided they had had enough. A spurt of her load slipped out of her private parts and kissed her panties. Not enough to leave a spot, but enough to signal that she was fighting a losing battle. But Shelby was a defiant girl.

"I haven't wet myself since sixth grade, and that was in a swimming pool, so that doesn't even count!" She thought.

"I've always been able to make in time and this is no exception! There was the time I peed out the window when the water was out, and-"

Shelby's monologue was rudely interrupted by her bladder. But her bladder was done pleading. It was demanding relief, and it wanted it now. Unfortunately for her bladder, Shelby's willpower was stronger. She jammed her hands back into her crotch and scissored her legs together. She could feel her pussy pulsing from the pressure and her wet panties uncomfortably pressed against her labia, but no more pee would make it out of her hole.

If Shelby had a guardian angel, this was definitely the time it came through. The loud voice of the PA came on and announced, "The individual carrying the firearm has been identified and is not... actually carrying a firearm. We apolgi-"

Shelby shoved a dazed Karen aside, football tackled the door of the closet, and rushed out, hopping her way over to the nearest toilet. To Shelby's dismay, hopping was a very ineffective method of transportation, and a line for the one stall built up before her very eyes. Shelby was not putting up with any of these plot devices forcing her to hold in her pee any longer, so she hopped to the adjacent boys' bathroom.

"I just need to release my pee somewhere!!! A urinal would be more than fine! Its not like any girls will be using them, and boys can pee super fast!" she thought.

Her hope was shot down when she saw five girls lined up at each of the five urinals, spraying them (and the floor) down to their bladder's content.

"Omigod, thank god they *hah* let us use the boys bathroom," one remarked.

"Yeah the lady on the announcement was so kind and understanding! We girls can't hold it forever..." another said.

"But I feel so bad for the janitor," a third chimed in. "We uh, kinda suck at aiming."

Shelby hopped at max speed out of the bathroom as laughter rang out from her previous location. At this point, she was just looking for a surface she could unleash her ocean on which would cause the least damage. She parkoured through the mass of people, clumsily traversing through the hallway so she could reach the school yard and let it flow somewhere there. At least, it was parkour if you exclude the lack of dexterity, finesse, and most importantly, pee holding. The bursting beauty emerged from the sea of people, and made a beeline to the nearest bush. Her pride became a nonfactor, as so many eyes were upon her, some confused, some realizing the situation. Her bladder, so close to relief, squirted out just enough to dampen the backside of her pants, making it clear to all what was about to happen.

Shelby knew she didn't have the time to get comfortable, squat, and void. Her bladder was at its last straw, unafraid of ruining her reputation then and there. She yanked down her jeans, and her rapidly dampening panties soon joined them. Her wet and naked butt was on a public display, and so were her nono parts, but Shelby could care less.

Because after a whole night and an agonizing four hours, she could pee. And pee she did.

A water cutter jet of piss exploded out of Shelby's poor peehole. The sound of her urination put the Sierra Falls to shame. Her bladder was voiding so hard she thought her peehole would be permanently widened from all that force. She denied all the haters who said "Girls can't pee standing! It's biology!" The force of her bladder muscles pushing all her pee out turned her stream into a beautiful sin curve, destroying the bush leaves with a chaotic rustling sound. Pee droplets went everywhere. They flowed down her butt, some flew past the bush, others chaotically diverged from the main stream, forming a rainbow. But Shelby was too distracted to notice the chaotic beauty she was producing for the world to see.

She was in heaven. The relaxation of her bladder sent a quivering sensation throughout her entire body. An area below her peehole began to secrete its own liquid. Her knees began to quiver from the sheer pleasure and she promptly fell down, giving the lower part of the bush a taste of her golden shower. A puddle began to form at the base of the bush, as Shelby's precious package dripped off the leaves and settled. Four minutes later, Shelby's bladder finally started to ease up. The sound she was making was now comparable to a baby rattlesnake. Her stream lost its seemingly murderous intent and calmly began to lose distance until she was just peeing into her panties. Finally, after a five minute trip to heaven, Shelby returned and looked at the awestruck crowd.

She looked back down at the oceans she had made, on the bush and in her panties, and weakly said, "I uh, kinda suck at aiming" and promptly passed out.

Legends say that the bush that Shelby rained down on no longer needs water to grow.

~Fini

Well back to lurking and mojique hope you guys had fun reading :)

