Dexter's Mom and Dad

Author: mysterious331

*000*2021-05-28 21:39

Dexter's Mom and Dad were spending their honeymoon at a park. Dexter and Dee Dee were at home, with Dee Dee taking responsibility to babysit Dexter. It was rather simple since Dexter was already stuck inside his laboratory.

Now, the couple were having a picnic at the park with a bottle of apple cider. They also had a plethora of food inside the basket right next to them. Dad took the bottle and opened it.

"How about these apples," Dad told Mom as he poured the apple cider in two of the plastic cups each.

"Don't mind if I do, Honey," Mom replied accepting one of the cups.

"A toast to our 10th honeymoon," Dad said as he and Mom clashed cups together.

They then gulped down their drinks and enjoyed their picnic. As they drank the rest of their honeymoon, Mom was resting on Dad's lap, and they were resting peacefully on the blanket in the grass.

Just then, Mom felt a rumbling in her bladder. "Honey, I have to tinkle," she whispered to her husband. "I'm going to find a restroom."

"Me too," Dad agreed. "We'll go together."

So the two hopped on their feet and walked around the park to search for a restroom. They looked all over the park and finally came across a building. "There it is!" Mom called.

She paced towards the building and went inside. After about four seconds, she finally came out and wore a disgusted look on her face. "That restroom is disgusting!" she told her husband. "Not to mention it had no soap at all. I can't use that!"

"Come on, Honey," Dad told her walking to the building. "How bad could it possibly be?"

But as soon as he stepped inside, he came out after four seconds inside wearing a disgusted face as well. "I see your point, Honey," he told his wife.

Mom started grabbing her crotch. "So now what?" she asked. "Where are we going to relieve ourselves?"

"Come with me," Dad told her grabbing her arm. "I have a better idea."

The couple returned to the car in the parking lot, and Dad went inside to pull out a bottle of hand sanitizer and a pack of napkins from the glove compartment. "Now we have something to wash away those germs once we're both finished," he told his wife.

Mom just looked back awkwardly. She knew exactly what her husband was suggesting. It felt weird, but she then figured out it wouldn't be bad. "It beats sitting on those disgusting public toilets, I suppose," she agreed. "Okay. We'll do it."

So the couple walked back to the park to look around. It was only 4:39 PM, and no one was around. They finally came to a tree with some bushes around.

"This spot is perfect," Dad told Mom.

"Definitely," Mom added. "There's no one there to see us and we'll be hidden behind these bushes and tree."

So Mom grabbed the napkins and stepped behind the bushes. Dad stood in front of the tree to open his fly, yank his package through, and began draining it in front of the tree. Meanwhile, Mom pulled down her pants, squatted behind the bushes, and relaxed as she felt the urine flowing out of her.

They were both relaxed. Dad was standing in front of the tree urinating on it while Mom was squatting to pee with her big bare butt exposed in the air. Since no one was around, they felt much better.

After Dad had finally finished and squeezed a drop of hand sanitizer in his hands, he saw that his wife was still peeing, her big butt bared in the breeze as she squatted. A long trail of her pee was flowing around, so long that it almost surrounded her husband's feet. Dad stepped over the stream and faced his wife.

"Whoa. I see you really had to go," he told her.

"Really bad," Mom replied still squatting and peeing. "I just have the bladder of a hamster. At least it isn't cold outside."

"Just relax, Honey," Dad told her. "No one's around. And if I do see anyone, I will be here to hide you."

"Thanks, Honey," Mom replied. "Because this bush is too small to cover my butt."

Dad watched as his wife continued peeing. After about a full minute and 40 seconds of peeing, Mom was finally finished and let the last drops pour out. She then used a sheet of one of the napkins to wipe herself.

"You must have been bursting, Honey," Dad told her.

"I had to go so bad," Mom told him still squatting to shake her big butt dry while still in squat position.

Dad handed her the bottle of hand sanitizer, and Mom removed her gloves to squeeze a drop of the sanitizer in her bare palms and rubbed it around her fingers. After that, Mom put her gloves back on and yanked her pants back on, struggling to squeeze her big butt through them.

"Now that we're both relieved, we still have time to see the sunset before returning home," she told her husband as she stared down at her ridiculously long trail of pee on the grass streaming around the tree.

"That's right," Dad added. "We still have plenty of time. We're both relieved, and all we have left is to rest in our little area and look at the sunset before going back home tonight."

So the couple returned to their spot to finish the rest of the food inside their basket. They watched as the sunset started glowing colorfully in the sky. The couple reminisced on everything the sunset reminded them of as they watched it slowly disappearing below the land. After night fell, it was time for them to go. So they grabbed their basket, headed back to the car, and drove away to get back home.

