Desperate Elevator Wetting On the Way Home From A Party

Author: maunakea

*000*2017-11-30 03:43

“Jason, I can’t hold iiiiit.”

Nicole buried her hands in the crotch of her tiny black dress as the elevator agonizingly climbed from the first to the nineteenth floor.

“We’re so close, you’ll make it!”

She bounced up and down and raised her right leg in an effort to quench the impending flow. Her hands were sealed tightly over her more than saturated undergarment, trying desperately to prevent dribbling on the dimly lit dorm elevator.

Nicole had been desperate even before leaving their friend Emily’s apartment party: she had a habit of ignoring the impending demands of her bladder until emergency ensued. In this case, emergency happened to be a fifteen person line for Emily’s one toilet.

Once she realized her need, she insisted her two-month boyfriend, Jason, accompany her to the nearest school hall a block away to find an unoccupied bathroom.

“Got to go got to go got to go,” Nicole mumbled as she quickly marched the dim campus sidewalks as Jason followed in hot pursuit. Not so discreetly, Jason stared at the back of his girlfriend’s legs in thirst, pleasantly surprised by the newfound trajectory the night had taken.

The two of them arrived at the entrance of Ballantine Hall, but the doors halted shut as Nicole attempted to pry them open.

“Shit. Shit.”

“It’s okay babe. The dorms are just five minutes away. You’ll make it if we go quick.”

“I… I can’t… Ah!”

Suddenly, a spurt of liquid pattered the ground beneath her. She let out a mortified whine.

After catching some approaching people out of the corner of his eye, Jason ushered Nicole out of the light of the hall entrance back towards the dorms. It was apparent that Nicole lost a few more spurts immediately based on the shining streams running down the back of her legs. Jason noticed her discreetly trying to wipe away some of the damage with her hand.

Nicole had managed to make it into the elevator without further incident. However, fate had unfortunate plans in store.

The elevator stopped on the twelfth floor and refused to ascend higher. Nicole’s eyes widened and she frantically mashed buttons, trying to coerce a response from the shaft. Jason, quite aroused at this point, swallowed. His eyes ravaged Nicole’s delicate state: her right leg was raised, her right hand was buried in her dress. Her feet were wet, and her eyes were urgent.

Without thinking, Jason turned her towards him and looked her straight in the eyes. She had tears welling up.

“It’s okay. I got you”

A splatter hit the ground and Nicole let out a choked sob.

“I… It’s coming out”

A stream parted down her left leg. She tightened her vice grip in vain.

Jason took a step forward and embraced Nicole tightly. She sobbed quietly into his shoulder. Liquid pooled in two pairs of shoes. Jason felt Nicole shaking, still trying to hold back the floodgates. She gushed for two seconds before closing them. Another ten seconds passed, another two second gush. After a minute, she could stand it no longer.

“Ah…. Aahhhhhh…”

The remainder of Nicole’s bladder contents poured out of her without the hesitation of her previous spurts and sprinklers. A cup of liquid passed effortlessly out of her underwear and splattered dramatically on the floor. A more consistent stream of fluid continued down her legs, going for another minute before subsiding. “It’s okay, it’s okay,” said Jason gently, stroking her hair.

After a while, Nicole looked at him. Her cheeks and eyes were flushed red with embarrassment and also thinly veiled lust. She was breathing heavily.

Struck by her beauty, Jason kissed her. Nicole passionately reciprocated.

Soon after, the elevator began moving.

*004*2017-12-01 07:08

Thank you compatriots! I don't deserve such kindness. I may add a more explicit elevator scene to this thread later if the muse hits right.

*006*2017-12-03 10:07

Part 2: Warning: sexually eplicit

Nicole and Jason kissed passionately while standing in a puddle in a stopped elevator.

Jason moved his hands from Nicole’s hips to her soaked bottom, caressing the saturated fabric with hungry fingertips. A few drops ran down Nicole’s legs as Jason gave her butt a heartfelt squeeze. Nicole moaned and held the back of Jason’s head as her tongue intertwined with his in a sultry embrace.

Nicole ran her fingers under Jason’s shirt up and down his smooth back. She began lifting Jason’s shirt, to which he responded by pulling it off over his head and throwing it in a dry corner of the elevator.

Nicole crossed her arms as she grabbed the bottom of her tiny dress. She hesitated for just a moment and took a deep breath before removing it. In one swift motion, the dress came up and off above her head before being thrown off in the same corner as Jason’s shirt. Nicole entered the night braless, so she stood in the elevator only in her heels and soaked black panties.

Coyness getting the better of her, Nicole immediately crossed an arm across her chest, covering her erect nipples and sizeable breasts. The feelings of mortification regarding her accident and shyness of being naked in a public space somehow triggered a savage lust she had never experienced before. She felt like firecracker fuses all over her body had been lit all at once.

Jason turned Nicole around and began devouring her neck from behind. Nicole moaned. She grabbed Jason’s hand from her waist and placed it on her bare chest, which Jason began kneading eagerly. With his other hand, Jason reached down and massaged circles over Nicole’s panties. Jason was manning the controls of her pleasure center, and he was pushing all of the buttons at once.

Hand on breasts, fingertip on nipple, mouth on neck, tongue on neck, hand on panties. Hand down panties. Moistness. Moaning. Warmth. Wetness.

“Jason,” Nicole whispered after a while. At this point, Jason was naked. Nicole had abandoned her heels, but was still donning her soaked panties.

“Yeah,” He breathed back.

“I… I kind of need to go again”

“Bad?”

“Kind of.”

Jason just stared into her eyes and smiled a crooked grin. Nicole locked her gaze to his and bit her lip simultaneously worriedly and seductively.

Nicole put her hands on his shoulders and ushered Jason to the ground, where he lied down partially in the puddle Nicole created earlier. She then wrapped her thumbs around her waistband and dropped her panties to the ground, modestly covering herself as she stepped out of her wet undergarment. She then straddled Jason and began kissing him while grinding up and down his abs.

They remained like this for five minutes before Nicole’s bladder filled up once more. Nicole began twitching and shaking while making out with her naked boyfriend. As the first leaks emerged, Nicole released the floodgates once more.

“Mmm…. Ah. Aaaaah!”

She peed full force onto Jason’s chest and abs. The liquid ricochet off of his body and dripped down, forming yet another puddle underneath the two naked bodies.

When the final drops of pee left her body, Nicole unlocked her mouth from Jason’s, located his throbbing manhood directed at the ceiling, and mounted him. As she rode him like a cowgirl, Jason rubbed a circle motion with his thumb on her clit.

Nicole was practically screaming at this point. She orgasmed. And then again.

And then again.

And then he did as well.

Eventually the elevator started moving again. When they finally got home to Nicole’s dorm room, the two of them showered before collapsing in Nicole’s bed, wrapped in each other’s arms.

