Harry Potter - When Draco Gets Kinky

Author: Maybe_Strange

*000*2017-04-22 15:50

I'm new to all of this, and well... I don't know about the human body and all that. I really love Draco x Harry, and a few other things. If you don't like forced wetting then this isn't for you. Also not if you're a grammar nazi, I have the writing skills of a middke schooler. Hope I posted this in the right place... Enjoy!

Harry sat, tied up. Draco stared at him with a sadistic grin, or smirk.

Harry had his hands chained above his head, his mouth gagged. It had been Draco's idea to do this, to try it. If he was honest with himself, Harry kind of enjoyed it. But so did Draco.

Harry stared up at the silver eyed Slytherin, wondering what the older boy was going to do. He could feel the restraints scratching his arms, keeping him still and vulnerable.

###

Draco traced Harry's arm with a knife around the boy's arms and where the chains met flesh.

Harry shivered.

Then the black haired boy noticed something, something about a lower part of his body. He had to piss.

He made a crossing motion with his hands and made a noise to get Draco's attention. "Aaa-oo!" (Draco).

The blond looked at him then saw the sign to stop. He was not happy about that. Draco took the gag put of Harry's mouth. "What?" He sounded almost angry.

Harry was embarrassed, but it would just be worse if he didn't say anything. He flushed scarlet. "I.. um.. well.."

"You what?" Draco was angry. Things had been going so well!

"I err... I gotta piss." He looked down.

Draco smirked. Of course the boy did, he had drank almost two bottles of water before they began. Well, he wasn't going to stop and untie him just so he could piss. He would just have to hold it, or wet himself.

That last thought was... intriguing. He wondered what he would have to do to make Harry do just that. It would just be so... gaaah.

Draco came forward, still smirking. "Oh, really? How bad?"

This took Harry off guard for a moment. He wanted out of the restraints so he could go piss, and Draco asks him how bad?

It wasn't so bad he supposed, but he could slowly feel it getting worse. If Draco got very rough, he'd probably wet himself. Considering he was only wearing a pair of tight leather jeans (and no shirt or anything else), that would be very uncomfortable.

"W-well... not that badly I guess... b-but I-I don't know.... Please Draco?" Harry almost pleaded. He really didn't want to piss himself. He had a fear of sorts, ever since he was beaten for it at the Dursley's. He nearly winced at the memory.

Draco would rather not, he was enjoying this too much. Maybe Draco could force his lover to drink more even.

"Harry, I don't think I like that idea. I think you need to practice your control," Draco said with a growing erection. "You seem a bit thirsty actually, maybe you should drink something? I would hate to have you dehydrated."

What??? Did Draco WANT him to piss himself!? He knew Draco was a sadist, hence the situation he was in, but damn. This was a bit different.

"D-Draco?" He stammered. He REALLY didn't want to piss himself, that was something he was told NEVER to do. Ever.

Draco snapped his fingers and a house elf appeared. "Bring us a glass and a pitcher of water, and maybe some coffee." The little elf nodded, left, and was back in about a minute.

Harry, who was sitting Indian style, switched to his knees in hopes of getting some comfort. It helped, a bit. Harry saw the elf come back and he was nearly shaking. Why did Draco want this??

"Draco, I-I don't think this is a g-good idea..." Harry whispered desperately.

"What do you mean Harry?" Draco asked as he stepped forward, coffee in hand. "Now open your mouth."

Harry gulped but did as he was told. Soon the liquid was poured down his throat, and what felt like straight to his bladder, which he knew was false. It can do things to your mind though. He squeezed his legs together, the pressure continuing to rapidly increase.

"Come on Draco, this isn't funny." Harry was almost crying now. He was just so scared...

"Of course it isn't, you need to learn control, Harry. It seems you don't really have any.. I'll just have to fix that," Draco claimed, shuddering at the thought in pleasure.

Draco poured a glass of water and fed it to the trembling boy. He repeated it a few times before stopping and looking at his now crying lover.

"D-Draco... I-I don't think I can h-hold it m-m-much l-l-longer." Harry was squirming, as much as a chained person can, and had his legs pressed together as much as humanly possible. It wouldn't work for much longer, however.

Harry really, really, really had to go.

"Of course you can hold it longer, or else I'll punish you." The blond's satanic grin was back, and it scared Harry. This wasn't good for his bladder, which pulsed dangerously.

Harry bit his lip, he was trying so hard to keep it all in. It wasn't like he wanted to piss himself.

Seeing such desperation made Draco lick his lips. He force fed Harry another glass of water and began tracing Harry's skin with his knife. About fifteen minutes passed.

Harry whimpered. Draco put the gag back into his lover and continued tracing the soft, pale skin. Harry whimpered again, it was getting so painful, and so impossible.

He squirmed, or tried to, again. He. Couldn't. Do. Anything. What was he supposed to do? Just piss himself sitting there? More whimpers.

Harry reeeeeeally didn't think he could hold it anymore, but she sure as hell was going to try. He could feel it on the edge if escaping. If he was honest, it felt kind of... nice. Just holding it like that. He just had to go SO BAD. But it also felt so nice.

He squirmed, whimpered, and kept his legs as close as possible. But his bladder felt so heavy. A few minutes ticked by with him sitting there, slightly enjoying himself.

He was on the very brink now, and oh, oh, OH! It felt amazing right at that moment. He squeezed his legs so close and he was so lost in it al that he wasn't paying attention to his surroundings. He squeezed his legs together for another fifteen or so minutes, praying to god he wouldn't wet himself.

Draco raised his wand. 'This is going to be fantastic,' he thought to himself. He put the tickle charm on Harry, and in less than five minutes he had the desired effect.

Such a tight pressure and such a strong need. He felt the tickle charm and he nearly lost it right there. He was being tickled, oh god. Oh god, oh god, OH GOD, he felt it!

He didn't want it to leave, he didn't. He felt it about to leave, he tried so desperately for it not to. But Draco was using the tickle charm. Dear god, the tickle charm.

Harry gasped and pee came out of the petite boy rapidly. There was a LOT for such a tiny body. That, and Draco knew Harry had a bladder size of a small child. There must have been no holding it.

The boy sat there wetting for at least a straight minute, a strange look on his face. When he was finished there was a massive puddle on the floor beneath the boy, his leather pants absolutely soaking.

Harry realized what he had just done and began shaking once again. He had done something that he had been taught to be very bad. Bad. Bad. Bad.

If he had, had any piss left, it would have been gone just then when he thought about how bad he had been. Harry's face became very salty as he sat there in a puddle of his piss.

"Oh, you naughty boy, Harry. Look what you've done." Harry's cheeks shone red from embarrassment. Tears leaked from his eyes and he trembled waiting for what Draco would do to him.

Draco cut small scratches into the boy with arms chained above his head. "I do need to punish you, don't I?"

