The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 2

*025*2023-05-26 21:29

{{48 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Is this the end of Daniel's story or do you have more planned?

}}

More to come yet

*030*2023-05-26 22:48

The thing about what Daniel said

Ellen was impatient standing waiting in the corridor for her colleague. She wasn’t sure how much longer she could cope not being in the meeting, every second feeling like hours as she pictured Oleksandr and his wife and son and the many other refugees relying on her. What was being discussed in her absence? Finally the door of the gents opened and a sheepish Daniel came out. Not wanting to waste any more time Ellen walked quickly back through reception her eyes focussed ahead and her pace brisk. Assuming Daniel was behind her she decided to not look back until they reached the boardroom door. Whilst outside the gents she’d tried thinking of a few excuses she could use as they entered the meeting but the closer she came to the door the more she settled on the idea of only speaking if absolutely necessary. If anyone asked or commented later she could answer then but as she intended to make a sharp exit she hoped that wouldn’t happen.

Sure enough as she reached the boardroom door and looked behind her there was Daniel, his body right next to hers and his arm reaching out for the handle just like her own was. She could almost feel his chest against the back of her neck and hear his heart beating as a sudden urge to turn around and touch him almost overcame her. Forcing herself to push the door handle down even as his large warm hand rested on hers as they pushed the door open together Ellen could feel her own heartbeat racing. If working with Daniel thrilled her being this physically close to him sent shivers through her whole body.

That thought immediately blew from her mind like a wind blowing a feather away as the door opened and Ellen was faced with a room full of suited men with papers in from of them with solemn looking faces. What had she missed? With her head down to avoid drawing unwanted attention and disturbing the meeting more and to also hide her blushing face from the door encounter with Daniel Ellen headed quickly and quietly to her seat scanning the current slide to see what was now going on.

As Daniel sat back in front of her facing the screen Ellen struggled to concentrate as her eyes drifted to Daniel’s neck, his hair line and shoulders. How she’d love to caress his neck line, nibble his scrumptious ear lobes, massage his tense shoulders. Her mind was drifting quickly but she was brought back to reality abruptly as a male voice ended his monologue by saying ‘and I am sure you will all agree that this is the best options we have given the circumstances. Arrangements have already been made and I am delighted to say that within 3 weeks the ship will be empty and our mission accomplished.’

Ellen’s face was ashen and her mouth open as she looked from one suited male to another watching them nod in agreement as she wanted to scream so much. Unable to see Daniel’s face because of the fact he was forward facing in front of her she couldn’t t imagine for a minute that he was in agreement to any of this. He had met the refugees, he’d been on board the ship. He’d interviewed so many of the families, knew they had toddlers in local nurseries, children settled in local schools. Sick refugees who were getting treatment at local doctors surgeries and hospitals. Vulnerable young adults getting counselling and attending courses to learn English. Pregnant ladies getting maternity care locally. Young men in training courses and apprenticeships.

Just seeing other council logos on the screen made Ellen feel sick. These people who she’d come to know and befriend for a whole year, who had been through so much already, who she and Daniel and others had so tirelessly supported and now just because of a lack of suitable properties in the area they were being uprooted all over again and sent to unknown areas with no support all because of politics and money.

The room went quiet for a moment until the gent who had just been speaking directed a question to Daniel by name. Ellen held her breath inwardly as she waited for him to answer. He knew this was wrong. Didn’t he?

“Are you in agreement about getting these contracts signed by all the remaining clients as soon as possible Mr Omari?”.

“Yes. Yes I am.”

Eileen’s mouth fell open as her mind tried to comprehend what her colleague had just agreed to. Earlier that evening she’d vowed to contact him the next day to check he was ok after suddenly leaving the meeting. Now she wanted to speak to him even more urgently. That was the thing about what Daniel had just said: it didn’t seem right. It didn’t fit with the Daniel she knew. It couldn’t be true. She had to talk with him urgently. Not here though. Anywhere but here.

She couldn’t believe she was going to do this but anger and shock took over as she raised her voice suddenly in frustration:

“Do none of you even care? Have you no heart? You can’t do this. You can’t.”

Then Daniel’s quiet, professional, unemotional voice.

“It’s for the best Ellen.”

*034*2023-05-27 22:32

The thing about what Ellen said

As Daniel pushed open the door to leave the gents, his trousers still damp but not as noticeable as before, he was shocked to see Ellen standing in the corridor waiting for him. Keeping his head down not wanting to so much as look at her he was glad when she marched away on seeing him. He followed quickly wanting to get back into the meeting and forget the last 10 minutes ever happened. Catching up with his smaller and curvier colleague easily he found himself reaching out for the door handle just as she did too. Annoyingly their hands touched, though Daniel couldn’t deny that feeling the warmth of Ellen’s hand did make him feel good and made him keen to feel more of her. Trying to quickly forget any thoughts of that he stumbled behind her rather clumsily finding his seat quickly and refocusing on the task at hand.

Brushing down his suit and feeling the damp patch with his thumb he blushed a little which was thankfully hidden by the fact he was suddenly spoken to directly by Archie Waters, deputy head of the council. Remembering the call he’d had from him just a few hours ago in his office he already predicted what the man would ask before the words were uttered. It wasn’t so much of a question really, more a statement, and one where Daniel knew the only expected and acceptable answer. At least he didn’t have to see Ellen’s face, though he could picture every detail in his mind from her furious hazel eyes, to her angry rosy cheeks to the raised eyebrows and furrowed brow. She was so invested in those refugees, so determined to give them what they wanted.

But life wasn’t like that was it? Sometimes people just can’t get what they want no matter how much they crave it, thought Daniel as he swallowed before clearly answering his boss.

“Yes. Yes I am.”

Then the volcano that is Ellen Hemmingdale erupted, right on cue. Tugging at the heart strings, accusing everyone of not caring. Typical woman and oh so predictable. Telling everyone they ‘couldn’t do this’ when she knew fine well they could and they would.

The problem was Daniel understood her passion and concern more than he could ever explain to her. There was so much she didn’t know about him, couldn’t ever know about him. The thing about what Ellen said was that her words cut into Daniel more than he would ever let on. Sure he understood why the decision had to be. Ellen of all people was fully aware of the logistical issue of a severe shortage of available housing. She knew the government were under pressure and she knew fine well that moving refugees to other areas was always a real and live option. As far as Daniel was concerned it was how things worked regardless how difficult that was. Everything came down to money wether Eileen accepted that or not.

Letting the only female there have her impassioned outcry was one thing but allowing that emotion to rule over material matters was quite another. Daniel faced the front silently listening to Ellen rant on trying to hide a little smile. He had to admit this was one feisty female behind him. It would take a brave man to tame Ellen Hemmingdale that was for certain. As Ellen started listing names and giving personal stories in a way only she could do Daniel started to feel a little guilty, a little annoyed. This wasn’t about dragging toddlers from their nursery friends or uprooting school kids who were only now making progress and settling. Ellen was making them sound like lions eating baby foxes for fun or an owl killing a live mouse in one go. These people had already been uprooted once and they all knew the cruise ship was only ever temporary.

As Ellen continued on Daniel began actually feeling sorry for her. Had she got so attached to the refugees that her own heart would be broken more than their’s? Suddenly recalling her intense emotion the day at the small flat when she hugged him with joy at a young family getting a permanent property to rent he had a moment of revelation: Ellen wasn’t looking at this logically, she was too emotionally attached, too personally invested. She needed to realise that there were things even she had to give in to eventually. Some things were stronger than Ellen Hemmingdale and she needed to realise that. Maybe this situation would be part of her realising that.

As Ellen paused, out of breath and spent from her outburst, Daniel quietly and softly addressed her without even turning around. He couldn’t see her right now. He was afraid his own heart would act too like Ellen’s if he did. He’d contact her tomorrow and check she was ok. Right now he had to be professional and prove to his boss he could do this even if it broke Ellen in the process.

“It’s for the best Ellen”, his voice uttered though his heart was struggling to feel it.

*035*2023-05-28 18:49

That evening: Ellen

Ellen remained silent for the remainder of the meeting, hurt and shocked still at Daniel’s words. Even when he turned back in his chair as detailed ‘support’ was discussed and they sat within reach of each other she refused to even look in his direction. She did however listen and take copious notes, having learnt never to trust meetings where politicians or council staff were taking minutes.

Not for the first time did she look at the suited, predominantly white, middle aged men in the room and question if they had even set foot on the Adventurer II or met any of it’s current residents. Would they personally be giving them the news that they would be imminently uprooted yet again to move many miles to towns and cities they weren’t familiar with? Would they be the ones answering their many questions, mostly through translators, ensuring they had even the basics like a cooker, carpets, beds and white goods and consoling their tearful children who were being taken from their new friends? So much of that, and more besides, would be left to Ellen and others on her team who relied on grants, public support and pitiful donations from the government just to pay their wages each month. So Ellen made sure to take detailed notes of the so called ‘support package’ knowing that actually securing any of it would be like getting blood out of a stone.

As soon as the meeting was dismissed Ellen made a beeline for the door, her anger and upset still bubbling away under her professional facade. It wasn’t like anyone in the room wanted to speak to her anyway as they all looked everywhere in the room but at her. Switching her iPad off she slipped it into her bag and left quickly. The drive home was colder, darker and quieter than usual so Ellen switched on the radio for company to distract herself. After some chat from the host, which she paid little attention to really, the next song played and she struggled to stay composed. As Bruno Mars ‘count on me’ filled her little car and she drove the familiar roads to home Ellen couldn’t help but want to curse loudly at Daniel. Obviously he didn’t see himself as her friend, a fact that broke her heart even more than the fact she couldn’t take things even further with him. Why were all the attractive sexy men so untrustworthy?

Pulling up outside her house Ellen parked and went inside deep in her own world. Picking up that’s days mail from her feet she dropped it on the coffee table before hanging up her anorak and taking off her shoes. Not in the mood for cooking she ordered a take away on her phone then went upstairs and changed into her pj’s. If only she could think of something other than Daniel Omari, anything at all other than him. She switched on her TV and scanned the channels for something to take her mind off her day. She couldn’t even look at her iPad. The photos of those on the boat and the notes from tonight’s meeting would just make her cry.

After eating her dinner accompanied by a large glass of iced water Ellen was almost finished a mug of tea as she watched the late evening news when she heard her mobile buzz with a text. She leaned over to her handbag reaching in for her phone as she read the short but simple message.

‘I can explain.’

Taking the final sip of her tea she put her mug down debating wether to text back. She should really have went upstairs to wee, brush her teeth and head to bed but would she be able to sleep? Probably not she realised as she typed back with sweaty hands.

“Go on. I’m waiting.”

*037*2023-05-28 21:41

{{48 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

I have always been wondering why in almost every story you have written, you have all your characters male or female always not go to the bathroom and continue to talk to people such as their crushes, friends, or family members even though they would usually excuse themselves to go pee in any normal situation, do some of them try to seduce their crushes with being desperate to pee or are they an extension of you in real life?

}}

In this instance I think Ellen was actually about to go but the text has distracted her. Loads of people in real life put off going because they are busy. It’s not necessary a reflection on me as the author but my observations of many many people over the years. In fact Ellen may yet just head upstairs, pee and continue texting. You are just assuming she will hold off to text but that hasn’t been said in the text. You’ll need to keep reading to know.

As for Daniel it was clearly explained why he delays going and therefore an after work meeting was bound to cause him difficulty and discomfort.

*039*2023-05-28 23:05

That evening: Daniel

Daniel tried to appease his conscience by fully engaging in the rest of the meeting even if talking in such settings wasn’t his most comfortable position. He wanted to do his best for the clients he supported but most of all he knew deep down he was somehow hoping to impress the powerhouse that sat silently beside him. He wasn’t used to Ellen being like this. Yes she needed to know that she couldn’t control everything and couldn’t always get her own way but maybe the humiliation in front of all his seniors had hurt her more than he’d realised? Still he was only doing his job, only trying to keep his pay cheque coming. Surely the budget was better spent supporting everyone to move on that keeping them indefinitely floating at sea with no permanent abode? In hindsight Archie Waters was right: they should have moved on the refugees before they ever became settled in the city. Now they were being ‘cruel to be kind’ to quote Archie’s saying earlier on the phone.

It didn’t take overly long to iron out the support package. Without emotional outbursts from a certain woman it was mostly a matter of costings, numbers and timings. When there’s a political push for something money seems to come from everywhere and this was very much the case here as Daniel soon realised. It was a political ‘elephant in the room’ that so many still remained on that ship and whatever it took to get them off would ultimately be paid for. Surely that had to at least be some solace to Ellen? Daniel turned to face her as a large amount of ‘resettlement’ budget was allocated but Ellen had her head down taking notes and seemed completely unaware of his presence right beside her. He longed to tap her shoulder just for some sort of response but decided against it. Hopefully he could at least talk to her soon.

As the final item on the agenda was finalised the meeting was concluded and Daniel turned to say goodbye to Ellen but she had her back to him and was already on her feet looking at the door. He could chase after her but it was late, he was hungry and if he was honest with himself he didn’t need any more drama tonight. As he put his own phone in his pocket and got ready to leave he couldn’t help but overhear a remark by one of the other men.

“Thank God she’s gone. I said she shouldn’t be invited didn’t I! Disgrace of a woman if you ask me. Doesn’t even dress appropriately either. I mean leggings for a meeting like this? If you are going to involve the voluntary sector next time Archie at least invite someone who knows how to behave in public! I have an 8 week old puppy at home that knows how to act in public better than she does! Geez please don’t tell me you minited any of her nonsense did you? It’ll only encourage her! I pity you having to work with the likes of that Danny. You have my sympathy lad!”

There was so much Daniel wanted to reply to that but he simply nodded and laughed awkwardly feeling so ashamed to be doing so. These people were his superiors and he had to respect them. It’s not like Ellen would ever know anyway. It wasn’t like he has said it. He’d just not challenged it that was all. What good would that have done anyway?

Driving home though the comment repeated over and over in Daniel’s mind. Was that really what his fellow council employees thought of Ellen? Sure she was emotional, passionate, feisty even, but she was every bit as professional and he had no right to mock her clothing. In fact as Daniel thought about what Ellen had been wearing he only just realised how lovely her long flowing top was, how it really accentuated her curves, how it matched the colour in her hazel eyes so brilliantly and highlighted the shades in her hair. As for her behaviour; yes she had become somewhat emotional in her speech but that was only because she cared. Comparing her to a puppy was horrible and left him feeling nauseous that he’d actually nodded when it was said.

Pulling another meal from the freezer at home that his mum had made he microwaved it thoroughly and sat down to eat. His mind was all over the place though and he accidentally dropped a small amount on his thigh as he cursed himself and looked for a cloth to clean himself up. Rubbing it with a damp cloth before it stained he had a flashback to drying the same area on the same leg earlier that evening while Ellen was, unbeknown to him at the time, waiting outside for him. Why had she left such an important meeting to her just because he had? Why had she waited for him to come out the toilets? She hadn’t spoken to him so it wasn’t that she wanted to tell him anything and she hadn’t seemed to have needed to leave herself?

As Daniel sipped his warm coffee he began thinking about it all. Could Ellen Hemmingdale actually like him? His mind raced back to so many occasions they’d worked together, so many cases they had collaborated on, so many meetings they had attended together. The thought of pissing her off now seemed unthinking, inexcusable. The mere idea of never seeing her number on his phone causing his heart to race or hearing her hearty laugh or watching her passionately fighting for what she believed in was unimaginable.

She’d probably be in bed by now but he owed her an explanation, an apology even and if he didn’t do something now he knew he never would.

*040*2023-05-29 22:48

The thing about chatting to Daniel

Ellen waited for what seemed like ages staring at her phone screen wondering what was taking Daniel so long to reply. Debating to herself about heading upstairs she decided to wait just a few more minutes busying herself by gathering up her laundry and putting the washing machine on, tidying the kitchen and then washing her dishes. The latter one made her jig around quite a bit as she realised she really should run upstairs and wee at least but as she put the final mug on the drying board she heard her phone beep and dried her hands hurriedly to see what the text said.

“I know you want the best for the clients. Believe it or not we all want the same. There’s more going on than you are aware of though. You should have been told. I shouldn’t have been so harsh in the meeting though. Hope you are ok.”

Reading the text three times Ellen stood crossed legged thinking of a suitable reply. What hadn’t she been told and why? Was it anything to do with why Daniel suddenly left the meeting and then embarrassed her in front of everyone? Was it something to do with the clients on the cruise ship? Or something else altogether? There was no way she could just read a text like that and ignore it. She started texting back concentrating so much she hadn’t even realised she was squirming around in her own living room. She typed a few words then deleted them, then reworded it and started again, the whole time moving around constantly without even noticing she was doing it. She hadn’t even finished writing when she almost jumped out her skin as her phone rang and vibrated in her hand.

It was Daniel.

‘Hi’

‘Hi. You’re not in bed are you? I haven’t woken you up? It’s just I sent you that text and then thought that was…you know…just…”

“Going to intrigue me, annoy me, stress me? You pick Daniel. I mean what am I supposed to say to a text like that? So are you going to actually tell me whatever it is I am not meant to know or am I just meant to guess? What the blazes is this: a game of guess who? We’re not children Daniel. If theres something I need to know then what is it?”

“I…I’m…I’m not sure where to start.”

“How about starting by telling me why you ran out the meeting tonight? At you being bullied Daniel? I saw you sweating and squirming and looking uncomfortable. What’s going on?”

“Oh that. No. No. No-ones bullying me or anything like that. What makes you think that?”

“Then why did you run out like that? I thought you had spilled the water I gave you on your trousers but then that didn’t explain how you were at reception doubled over like that. Are you ill? You looked awful in that reception area. Is that what I don’t know about? You can tell me Daniel. I….I…I care about you. As…colleagues. I’ll understand if you are sick. Honestly I will.”

“God Ellen are you always like this? I’m not sick ok. And I’m not being bullied. It was just something….personal. Something personal that’s all.”

“And was this personal thing the reason you treated me like crap and silenced me too?”

“I didn’t treat you like crap Ellen. I wouldn’t do that. And no the…the personal thing was nothing to do with that. Nothing to do with it at all as a matter of fact.”

“Look Daniell we have worked together for over a year now. We have achieved more than either of us ever thought possible and though your boss Mr. Waters might say otherwise we have done way more than he ever thought we would. When those refugees arrived there was what? Something like 16 scatter flats available and a handful of local authority houses and hundreds of locals already fighting for those. Against all odds we have relocated hundreds and hundreds of foreigners, the vast majority in this city. We’v been through every imaginable emotion possible together and yet you can’t even tell me why you so abruptly and suddenly left the most important meting all year? Either you trust me Daniel or you don’t. It’s as simple as that.”

Ellen changed position on her couch for the third time since she’d been on the call. She really needed to use the loo badly but she couldn’t dare while on the phone to Daniel. It would be rude and she would be mortified if he heard her go. As soon as she’s heard why he left the meeting she’d run upstairs. If only he’d get to the bloody point!

“I do trust you Ellen. Look this is so embarrassing and you have to promise me you won’t ever tell anyone else ever ok?”

“Of course. I swear on my life. Now what is going on Daniel?”

“The reason I left the meeting so urgently was…oh God I can’t believe I am actually telling you this. It’s so embarrassing and humiliating. I’m not sick and I’m not being bullied. I just had to…”

Ellen waited as Daniel spoke quietly, almost in a whisper.

“Piss.”

“What? You left to piss? And you couldn’t do that before it started? You couldn’t wait until it was over.”

Ellen could barely hear Daniel as his voice was barely legible like he was a million miles away.

“It was urgent. I hadn’t been all day ok!”

Ellen didn’t know wether to laugh or cry despite realising the irony that right that minute she was bursting herself as she pressed a hand between her legs and wriggled on the couch. She could feel her face burning, her heart beating faster, her body warming with desire as she thought back to how Daniel was in the meeting and realised that he was actually very desperate for the toilet. She didn’t know why but that thought did something for her and made Daniel so irresistible to her.

At least they were on a phone call so he couldn’t see her reaction nor the fact she couldn’t sit still at all as she rubbed her thigh wondering how to end the call as soon as possible. Sure there was still information she desperately wanted but her need to wee was stronger than ever and so she’s have to find the rest out later.

If only she could get Daniel to finish the call.

*042*2023-05-30 12:41

{{12 hours ago, HissGenerator said:

Got on this website to find some quality stories, so that I may improve my own writing. Saw Mbgpeelover at the top and was like: “Perfect.” And so far, this story is fantastic. I have a series of questions:

How do you come up with your stories: do you think of a premise first, then the context, then the characters and their backgrounds? Or is it more like you’ve been building a character in your mind and wonder how this person would behave in a specific scenario?

Because I applaud the realism of your stories. Desperate events in a normal work day. I’d like to shift my writing in this regard. I’ve noticed in my own writing, I have the proclivity to want to sexualize things quickly, but I can’t help but think that I therefore throw most of realism out the window. Perhaps because I want to get into the nitty-gritty of those graphic moments. Whereas in your writing, you are a lot more gentle and subtle with regard to revealing how characters feel for each other, including even moments where they are angry with each other, and the assumptions they make about each other based on the other’s outward appearance.

I’ve already written too much: basically, your writing is superb and I’m learning a lot from your style of writing. Cheers.

}}

Hi, thank you so much.

I never have a full story planned out before I start. I do usually have a vague idea though of the characters and background story as I feel this is very important to keep a story moving and bring context. I also like to include things that might nit seem relevant at the time but will be later on so the reader thinks ‘ah so that’s why…’ which I hope keeps them intrigued and keen to keep reading.

A small amount of repetition can help but not too much or it becomes too predictable. Fir this story the titles have a little predictability but don’t reveal too much away either.

Building real believable characters that the reader can relate to and a solid story line allows the author to slowly build things. I can tell you that there’s definitely some great (and potentially sexy) action still ahead for Ellen and Daniel but it will happen when it naturally occurs rather than just for the sake of it.

I am so touched by your comment. Please keep writing.

*043*2023-05-30 18:28

The thing about chatting to Ellen

Daniel typed the few words on his phone not even expecting a reply. It was pretty late and he knew, like himself, that Ellen would be tired after a long day. Maybe she’d reply tomorrow, or not at all, but he needed it off his mind anyway. At least this left it open for Ellen to reach out to him if she wanted to. If she didn’t then there was nothing more he could do.

Of course she replied right away! ‘Now what?’, Daniel thought, as her reply put the ball well and truly back in his court. He had so much he wanted to tell Ellen but typing it up after a long hard day wasn’t ideal. He had another hectic day at work tomorrow to face so he tried to keep thing to the point for now. It took several attempts to get it how he wanted but finally he pressed send. It said all that needed to be said and now he intended to say goodnight and head to bed.

But then he reread it yet again and began panicking. Instead of sounding reassuring like he meant what if it sounded different to Ellen? Reading it back as if he himself had received it rather than sent it he shook his head. It sounded much more cryptic than he’d meant, less apologetic and much more condescending. What if all he had done was make Ellen upset again for the second time in one night? She’d just replied so she must still be awake and even if all he said was sorry that was worth doing surely? With Ellen’s number still on his screen from where he had texted her he pressed the call bottom with shaky hands.

Hearing Ellen’s voice made Daniel suddenly nervous. This wasn’t a work situation now and he’d initiated the contact. Stumbling to think what to say he felt stupid, muttering rubbish about asking if she was still awake as he tried clumsily to say sorry for upsetting her earlier and for his pretty badly worded text message just now. Ellen seemed edgy, antsy, snappy even. Of course she now wanted to know what she’d been excluded from. Daniel shook his head at his own foolishness. He’d walked (or texted) right into this one!

He might have known Ellen would jump to the wrong conclusion quickly. She seemed to always think the worse at times, a trait Daniel never did find attractive. Trying to persuade her out of her train of thought was never easy either. Past experience of doing so wasn’t pleasant as Ellen tended to see disagreements as personal even when they weren’t. This time though she couldn’t be further from the mark if she tried. If only she’d stop going on about him leaving that blooming meeting!

Now she thought he was sick! This was getting even more ridiculous by the second, though she genuinely seemed scared he might be ill, which Daniel found rather sweet. He really REALLY didn’t want her knowing why he had left the meeting though, but it was getting increasingly difficult to avoid it. The more Ellen went on the more Daniel reluctantly felt she had to know the truth before she invented an even more crazy situation.

It was so hard to say though, even though it was via a phone call and not in person. Even at home he had hated his parents knowing he was going to the toilet and would always go when they were out or in another room. Growing up his mum especially has been awful for forcing him to go before they went anywhere for fear he might need to go when out. Thinking back his own parents rarely ever used public toilets either so maybe this was an inherited trait or something? Daniel finally admitted to his friend and colleague, albeit very quietly, thought the shame he felt in doing so was tangible as he felt his own face blushing even though no one was around. If only Ellen had just glossed over it and moved on but no she had to comment on it so loudly he felt she might as well broadcast it on the BBC! Did she honestly think he’d embarrass himself like he did if he could have went beforehand or held until the end? Did she even know him at all?

Just as he knew there would be though after finally confessing there was an awkwardness, a silence between them which felt like it lasted forever. A huge part of Daniel just wanted to say goodnight and ring off but the thought of facing Ellen again at some point knowing the last thing they had talked about was him having to piss mortified him and horrified him so much there was no way he could hang up the call just yet.

“So…do you want to know what you haven’t been told yet or what?”

“Ummm…it won’t take long will it?”

*044*2023-05-30 22:38

Daniel reveals something to Ellen

Ellen was just about to end the call, her legs scissoring and her spare hand rubbing her aching bladder, when Daniel asked if she wanted to know what his text was about. Of course she wanted to know but right now just wasn’t a good time.

The tricky thing was she was loving hearing Daniel’s voice. In the full year of working together he’d only ever called her in a professional capacity and only ever in office hours. His calls were always very brief, to the point and functional. There had never once been even a text from him before, though she’d yearned for one for such a long time. She didn’t want to put him off or be rude to him, and given he had a history of getting right to the point with as few words as possible, Ellen agreed to hear him out, though she did comment that she hoped he wouldn’t be long. It was late after all so hopefully Daniel would just think she was tired.

“You know that what was discussed tonight wasn’t anything new don’t you?”

“Mmm. Go on.”

“I have had to give monthly updates to Archie with regards numbers still on the boat. It’s been monitored for ages. They knew that the numbers weren’t coming down quick enough so they were already looking at other options.”

Ellen felt so uncomfortable. So the whole idea of sending the refugees to other local authorities had been planned months ago without her knowing? Even worse Daniel knew about this but never once said? There was so so much she wanted to say right now and holding back was not in her make up. But Daniel was still talking and she was still wriggling on own couch, now kneeling on her foot trying not to make any noises that might alert Daniel to her stress.

“Meanwhile the government have been putting pressure on the other local authorities too. Theses been a lot of pressure being passed down really.”

Ellen had to but in.

“We could have found places here. We just needed more time. There’s houses being built all the time. I have ideas of working with house builders and landlords and then there’s the college moving to their new building soon so I was going to see what their plans were for their halls of residence. I just need more time Daniel. It’s wrong to keep moving vulnerable people around all the time. Surely you understand that?”

Eager to finish the call pronto and get upstairs to the loo Ellen decided to get off her couch and move to her stairs. At least then she was edging ever nearer her bathroom. She wanted to be there more than anything right now. She just needed to hang on a little bit longer now. Trying to get as comfy as possible on the hard staircase Ellen wedged her free hand between her legs and sat on it rocking from side to side on her wrist. It helped a little but she was absolutely bursting for a wee now and eager to be free to go.

“I know. It’s just…well one of the authorities has come back to us. That’s what the meeting was actually about but until it’s all confirmed they couldn’t actually say. It’s a whole tower block Ellen! Seriously! Two and three bedroom flats. A full tower block of them! Apparently it was due to be demolished but they have now decided to invest in the building instead and they are offering it to everyone still on the Adventurer II. That was why that resettlement figure was so high. Didn’t you think it was high? There’s gonna be a lot of publicity about this so they wanted to keep it hush until then. You understand that don’t you?”

“I understand this isn’t about what’s right for the refugees. This is just what makes the government look good isn’t it? Will this new local authority actually support these people or will they just be put into some dumping ground no-one else wanted and left to get on with it? Look Daniel I don’t mean to be rude or anything but I really need to do something else right now. I am not at all happy that none of this was discussed with me and I was left to attend a meeting totally in the dark. I won’t be taking this lightly. I am shocked that you of all people didn’t tell me any of this. I….I thought we were friends. Can we talk about this later?”

“That’s why I had to contact you. You have to believe me Ellen. I hated keeping this from you. Archie said he’d email you before the meeting but when I heard you cough when that slide went up and then when you started on about the refugees by name and…well that’s when I realised he hadn’t mailed you. I’m so sorry Ellen. I just couldn’t hear you going on any longer tonight knowing what I knew. I hope you understand. I know now probably isn’t the right time to say this but…”

“Jeez Daniel you choose your times don’t you! Look it’s been a very long day, I’m tired and to tell you the truth I was just on my way to the loo when you called me. If I don’t say goodnight in a minute I’ll be sitting here in a puddle . I’m serious about that by the way. Can I call you tomorrow?”

“Actually you can’t. That why I had to contact you tonight. I am on a training course all day tomorrow so unavailable I’m afraid. The thing is that I have been invited to go see the tower block on Monday morning. I was wondering if you’d like to come with me?”

Ellen was now standing right outside her bathroom door, her phone still to her ear while she struggled with her other hand to push open the door and get inside the bathroom. Her bladder was about to explode and if Daniel wasn’t going to say goodnight then she had no other choice now.

“Ellen?” You still there Ellen? So what do you think?………you ok there?”

*049*2023-06-01 09:47

Ellen reveals something to Daniel

The guilt Daniel felt about keeping something from Ellen was heavy. He knew it was late and they both had work the next day but the more he thought about it the more he knew telling Ellen was the right thing. She should have been told by his superiors but he should have known not to trust them. If what Jasper had said in the meeting was any reflection on what his boss thought of Ellen then was it any wonder he hadn’t sent that email to her? He couldn’t do this to her any longer. She deserved better.

First though he was keen to know what she already knew. A quick statement implying there was more to the meeting than met the eye would hopefully be enough for Ellen to divulge what she was aware of and what she wasn’t. Unusually for Ellen she didn’t appear talkative though and instead she sounded more distracted or perhaps tired. Was she still angry at him for earlier or upset he’d called her? He hoped hearing what he had to say would go some way to smoothing things over.

When it appeared she knew nothing about the plan Daniel filled her in briefly, making sure she knew that this was out with his control and something he wasn’t even aware of himself until very recently either. He sighed with relief to himself when the fiery, impetuous Ellen ranted back in her usual style. He’d never tire of hearing her voice, working closely with her, having her on side. She was right, as always. Given more time it was inevitable the job would be finished but sometimes time just wasn’t in your favour. She’d understand that at some point, hopefully.

This was it now, he had to tell her but just picturing her right now in his mind he found the words so hard to get out. She had to be excited surely? In many ways this was like a dream come true for them both: They’d joked together almost a year ago that what they really needed, what the refugees really needed, was a full island of properties, or a full new build development. Their own community together where they could live, work and their children could go to school together. Where they had friends, a sense of community and a place to call home. Ok so a tower block wasn’t quite as idealistic as they both wanted but it was a practical and promising solution where they could all still be close together rather than feeling isolated alone. Ellen was bound to agree, right?

So caught up in his own thoughts Daniel took a good few seconds to process what Ellen had just said. She wasn’t at all buying this. She definitely wasn’t excited and to top it off she seemed extremely keen to get him off the phone! Daniel couldn’t leave things like this. He couldn’t. He had something more still to ask Ellen and it couldn’t wait.

What was that Ellen just said? She was on her way where? As Ellen’s voice continued in his ear Daniel felt his face warm and his skin go clammy. Had Ellen really just told him that she wanted the loo badly and if he didn’t end the call she’d be sitting in a puddle? That image, that thought, sent his hormones crazy. He’d never ever heard anyone being so candid about having to piss before. Sure he’d heard the odd colleague excuse themselves and back in his high school days he’d heard a few students say they needed the toilet, all of which still shocked him having been brought up that such things were never mentioned. This though was on another level. Ellen alway said things as they were, she called a spade a spade and wasn’t afraid to speak her mind, but to actually say you were about to, you know what, well just the thought blew Daniel’s mind.

Daniel had to force himself to concentrate fearing Ellen would now just hang up the call. Of course he didn’t want that thing to happen that she’d said but he wouldn’t have another chance to speak to Ellen again and he was desperate to ask her something. Maybe if she actually saw the tower block herself she’d come around to the idea? His bosses might not see the issue with her hating the idea but Daniel knew better. Ellen was the key to getting the remaining passengers on the cruise ship to move into these properties and if she didn’t think it was right for them they wouldn’t go.

Terrified Ellen would now hate him for carrying on talking even after she’d clearly asked him to call another time because she had an urgent need to attend to, Daniel blurted out the fact he had a training course the next day and because it would then be the weekend and he was scheduled to meet his counterpart in the other local authority to view the tower block on Monday morning he needed to ask Ellen right now.

Daniel hadn’t expected an immediate answer but he didn’t expect what he heard either. His mind was going crazy hoping Ellen was ok and she hadn’t just hung up the phone. The silence might have only been about 30 seconds or so but it felt like an eternity to Daniel as sweat beads formed on his forehead and his skin prickled with tension and adrenaline. Was Ellen about to have another rant at him or would she agree to come? Daniel sat at his dining table waiting and listening. He could hear something at the other end of the phone but it was too faint to know what it was.

Instinctively he asked if Ellen was ok but there was no answer. Not even when he asked, yet again, if she wanted to come and see the tower block…

Then just as he was about to give up waiting Daniel heard something so clear, so loud, so shocking he had to reach out and hold his dining table to support himself. The sound was unmistakable. It was a sound that summed up Ellen Hemmingdale in every way possible: fierce, strong, unforgettable. A sound that stirred Daniel and made his body awaken like a sudden alarm had went off. A sound he felt he shouldn’t be listening to but yet he couldn’t pull himself away from. Time seemed to freeze as he sat there open mouthed, blushing, and most embarrassingly, getting very turned on too. Pushing down on the lump on his crotch to hide it even though he was alone Daniel realised he was actually shaking. Never in his whole life had he experienced anything like this.

As the sound slowly quieted and softened after what seemed like forever Daniel knew something had changed now. He’d never ever be able to see Ellen in the same way again. There was now an aura, a forceful attraction, an urgent desire for her that surpassed any crush he’d had on her before. In his 34 years of living he’d never felt such a longing for anyone like this before. Seeing Ellen’s face and body from now on would instantly draw him right back to this very moment, to hearing the sound of her urinating powerfully and so urgently. Oh God what if she now said yes to coming with him on Monday morning? Suddenly that might be the worst idea ever imaginable now Daniel felt as he sensed his erection grow stiffer and harder even while he heard a toilet flushing and a tap running.

He should hang up. That’s what the right thing to do was he realised as he willed his clammy hand to move the phone from his ear. Ellen might never know then that he’d heard what he’d heard. They’d pretend it never happened . All would be ok.

But it was too late for that now as Ellen’s voice came back on the line clearer, calmer and much more relaxed.

“Sorry about that Daniel. I was fidgeting all through the call and I couldn’t wait any longer. So what was that you were asking me? Oh yeah the tower block. I’m still not convinced about this but I owe it to Oleksandr and the others to at least look at every viable option. I guess it wouldn’t do any harm to come see it with you then. So where is it exactly?”

Struggling to even form a word now after what he’d just heard Ellen say Daniel ended the call not by actually answering Ellen’s question but by just saying he’d pick Ellen up in the car park at the port at 8:30am on Monday morning. He’d struggled to even get those words out. At least they seemed enough to satisfy Ellen tonight as she said goodnight and hung up leaving Daniel still sitting at his dining table trying to come down from the most erotic conversation he could ever imagined having in his life.

The thing about what Ellen Hemmingdale had just revealed to him was not only erotic and incredible but it changed everything for him. How could he ever see her and not think about tonight? Right now he couldn’t think of anything else. He knew he shouldn’t but he had to satisfy his own body by replaying the last ten minutes of that call over and over in his mind. He’d cum to thoughts of Ellen many times but this was a whole other level altogether.

*051*2023-06-01 13:39

{{1 hour ago, brown4182004 said:

That was excellent, I can't wait to see both desperate again

}}

Thank you. More to come yet

*052*2023-06-01 18:07

Ellen’s struggle

It wasn’t like she hadn’t politely said to Daniel that she needed to go. In fact she’d even spelled it out to him, but still he insisted on carrying on talking. What was she meant to do? She had tried to mute the phone but could she recall how to do it? Fidgeting with her short thin pyjama trousers and knickers at her ankles Ellen bit her lip and tensed every muscle her body possessed as she messed about with her phone trying urgently to mute the microphone. She’d done it one time before but now with her bladder spasms intensifying by the second and her urethra throbbing her brain just couldn’t for the life of her figure out what to do. Hovering above her toilet she could feel her body about to burst any second as she heard Daniel’s voice asking if she was ok and still blooming asking her if she wanted to come and see a flaming tower block! Had he any idea how much pressure she was under, how intense her urge to wee was? Did he ever listen to what she said?

Damn it there was no way she could get her shaking sweaty hands to get the phone to do what she wanted. Surely Daniel would hear she was struggling and in an impossible situation and have the decency to turn the phone away from his ear? He wasn’t the sort to ever mention it even if he did happen to hear anything. Daniel was too polite, too decent a man for that.

Shaking Ellen put the phone on the tiled floor as her larger bottom plopped onto the toilet with her legs straddling either side. Ellen could wait not a second longer as she tried positioning herself to aim her output towards the front of the toilet in the hope Daniel wouldn’t hear anything. As the tip of her urethra throbbed so hard it gave way to a cascade of liquid Ellen realised all attempts at being discreet and secret were off the cards now.

But oh the sheer relief, the satisfaction of actually making it, the sense of utter relaxation and contentment she felt as her bladder voided itself suddenly and powerfully. Her face red with the exertion of holding so much for so long combined with the shame and embarrassment that there was no way Daniel could mistake what she was doing Ellen longed to hang up the call but right this minute she couldn’t move. It was akin to letting out a really long breath after holding your breath as long as you could. Her bladder had been at its absolute capacity and it wasn’t going to allow Ellen’s body to budge until it completed the task of emptying fully, however long that took.

Ellen was faced with a choice now as she finally finished her business, flushed the loo, and washed her hands. She could joke about what just happened, make light of it as if it were nothing, ignore it completely and pray Daniel didn’t comment, or thirdly comment quickly then carry on the conversation giving the impression neither of them were to mention it ever again. By the time she’d dried her hands and picked up her mobile she’d settled on the latter option finding herself agreeing to visit the tower block with Daniel, against her better judgment, just to end the call.

Shocked, exhausted and utterly mortified at herself Ellen laid on her bed trying to process all that had happened that evening. Staring at her ceiling she giggled like a child as the emotion of it all caught up with her. Had she really just had a call out of office hours from Daniel? Had she seriously been talking to him whilst squirming around her whole house jiggling and dancing and fidgeting like a nervous school child because she was too scared to risk asking him to call back so she could wee incase he didn’t do it? For a middle aged mature woman she thought herself rather immature and childish at times but goodness how fun it had been, how exciting, how tense, knowing she had this secret going on he didn’t know right until the end of the call when it became obvious. How ridiculous of her to actually wee so loudly knowing he was still on that phone! How would she face him on Monday morning now?

It wasn’t even just about the fact he’d heard her wee either. It was much much more than that. It was the intimacy of it, the private joke they now had between them, another thing connecting them that seemed to draw them together. She’d never dream of ever talking about it with him but it would always be there, a secret memory between them. Smiling to herself she eventually fell asleep, memories of times working with Daniel over the last year swirling around in her dreams.

Friday felt weird as Ellen headed to the charity office first thing. There was more to her work than simply finding accommodation for the refugees, though lately she had been very consumed by that. She still had to do her hours manning the phone lines like everyone else and as she made herself a cup of tea and said good morning to her colleagues she couldn’t help but think of Daniel and wonder what he was doing. Despite working with him so much over the last year when she wasn’t with him she’d rarely ever thought about him. She was a busy lady with plenty work to do and while his support was always useful it had been a professional relationship and nothing more. Now she wasn’t sure when exactly that had changed. It wasn’t even just last nights call either, nor the meeting earlier that evening.

She was definitely feeling something more towards him and that scared her. As she answered the first call that morning she vowed to make sure that Monday stayed professional between them at all times. It wasn’t that she didn’t want something more but experience had told her that wouldn’t be a wise idea at all.

