A very full Christmas: The Christmas host

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2025-12-10 00:35

A few people have been asking when I’d write some fresh stories so thought I’d write some Christmas themed ones. This is the first in the series for you all.

A very full Christmas: the Christmas host

It was early Christmas Day morning and already Carol was in her happy place with her Christmas apron on, Christmas songs playing quietly from her phone and her hands busy cutting, chopping and mixing. Currently she was preparing the home made stuffing while the turkey lay wrapped beside her while it acclimatised to room temperature having spent the previous two days in the fridge.

Swigging at her glass of shloer she smiled at the delightful aroma radiating from the herbs in her mixing bowl while she carefully unwrapped the turkey, washed her hands yet again, then carefully added the home made mixture to the innards of the bird. Moving on to basting the turkey she carefully ensured the entire dish was covered before adding a pinch of salt and pepper and some rashers of bacon to add some flavour. Carefully placing the turkey on its tray she sang along to the songs while filling the tray beneath the poultry with home made broth that she would regularly cover the turkey with during cooking.

There was nothing Carol liked more than playing host at Christmas and feeding her now grown up family. This year was extra special being that it was her grandson’s first ever Christmas and she couldn’t wait to see him taste even just the tiniest part of the roast dinner she was making. With the turkey now finally in the over she finished her glass of grape juice and set about peeling potatoes that she planned to part cook before roasting in the oven with the meat. There was always so much involved in preparing Christmas dinner and she knew she’d spend almost all day in the kitchen on her feet until it was time to finally enjoy the fruits of her labour with her family mid afternoon.

Putting the pot of freshly peeled potatoes on to boil Carol took her phone and headed upstairs to get herself ready and brush her hair. Seeing the bathroom door locked she walked right passed it easily and into her room where she sat at her dressing table to brush and put her hair up, get dressed into her Christmas dress and pull her black tights up. Her outfit a careful balance of Christmas sparkle and prettiness with the added comfort of practicality knowing she’d be cooking, dishing up food and entertaining for many hours to come. Adding some light makeup to give her face some colour she returned back to the kitchen to chop more root vegetables for the soup then crush some cranberries for the home made sauce. Turning the potatoes off but the soup on she was thrilled to hear the landlline ring and her husband answer it. Boiling the kettle for mugs of tea she smiled at John as he handed her the phone.

“It’s your sister to wish you a happy Christmas.”

Leaving her husband to make the mugs of tea Carol took a well earned rest sitting at the dining table nattering to her sister while the soup simmered in the background. It was lovely to hear her voice and to know that she loved the gift she’d spent hours making for her. Keen to get the potatoes into the oven to roast and to drizzle the turkey with the broth to keep it moist Carol said goodbye to her sister after about half an hour, washed the empty mug in the sink and continued with her dinner preparations. Feeling hungry with the smell of the soup simmering away Carol was thrilled when John offered to fry some bacon for them for some brunch before the family were due to arrive. Taking a short break for a delicious roll and bacon and another very welcome cuppa Carol glowed in the praise of her husband who complimented her on everything she was making. He knew how to make her smile even after almost thirty years married still!

Helping her husband with the washing up Carol remarked that the running water was making her need a wee as she jiggled from foot to foot. However, before she even had time to nip upstairs the doorbell rang and much to Carol’s delight her daughter, son in law and little Teddy came in bearing gifts in bags and boxes. Leaving John to take the gifts Carol walked straight to Teddy lifting him easily from his mother’s arms and making a fuss of him. Taking his beautiful little jacket and matching hat off Carol oohed at the red dungarees and stripy top that Teddy had on reading out to the words ‘Teddy’s 1st Christmas’ to the little baby. Quizzing her daughter on his adorable outfit they all moved into the decorated lounge where Carol took time to sit Teddy on her knee and make more fuss of him.

Sadly she couldn’t just cuddle a baby all day though so reluctantly Carol returned Teddy to his mum as she returned to the kitchen, appearing shortly afterwards with a tray of glasses and more shloer. Pouring all the guests some juice Carol thought to herself that she should nip upstairs to the loo soon, but that thought was quickly forgotten when she remembered that she still needed to get back to the kitchen to prepare the pigs in blankets. Busy frying mini sausages and wrapping them in bacon rashers Carol then put the remaining part boiled potatoes back on to heat and the fresh vegetables that she’d carefully chosen to complement the turkey. Stirring the soup she automatically crossed her legs, once again reminded by her body that her bladder was feeling very full.

Hearing the others next door laughing and talking Carol turned her phone back on for more Christmas music to create an ambiance not hearing her son in law coming through to see if she needed help with anything. Grateful for the offer Carol looked out everything she’d set aside to dress the table as she chatted and listened to Tim recount how his morning had been with Teddy so far. Aware she was getting increasingly antsy as her mind frequently reminded her about her bathroom need Carol momentarily chose to ignore it as she wanted to finish the job in hand.

Now joined by John, and Bethany at the door carrying Teddy, Carol knew getting out of the kitchen now would create too much of a scene. Doing her best to chat while she cooked Carol checked on the meal, stirred the soup, dished up the cranberry sauce, pulled out some bottles of fizzy juice from the fridge and then made the topping for the trifle. Constantly moving around Carol tried not to think about how bursting she was as the family started to take their seats right as Carol pulled the turkey out the oven ready to rest. Leaving it to cool she dished up some home made soup for the four adults and sliced a little melon for Teddy.

Sitting eating her soup at the beautifully decorated table Carol scissored her legs in and out under the table and tapped her foot. Taking sips of cola to keep her tongue from burning with the heat of the soup Carol now realised with regret that there was now no way she could politely excuse herself until the meal was over. At least John helped gather the empty bowls and put them in the sink, though Carol cringed and bounced around hearing him turn the tap on to rinse them. Her full bladder now trying to dominate her thoughts more and more Carol did everything she could to shut it out while she sliced the turkey and started dishing up the food. At least with her back to the others she could squirm and wriggle a bit to keep her underwear dry as her thoughts became more and more intruded by alarm bells ringing in her body telling her to pee.

Bouncing from foot to foot and moving continuously Carol plated up the four meals with turkey, stuffing, pigs in blankets, roast potatoes, boiled potatoes, fresh vegetables and gravy putting just a small amount of extra on a plastic Christmas themed side plate for Teddy. Taking the plates over to her hungry family Carol smiled sweetly not wishing any of her guests to know just how urgent her need to urinate was. Finally carrying her own plate over to join them she squeezed her thighs together tightly and prayed her muscles wouldn’t let her down in front of her family on Christmas Day. Struggling to make conversation as all her concentration was on holding her bladder at bay Carol did her best to eat and drink while she smiled at little Teddy pushing his food all over the high chair tray and examining it in his fingers. At least some of it appeared to be making it into his mouth which was amazing considering he was still only 8 months old.

Not quite able to finish her meal Carol felt her face blushing as she stood up feeling the overpowering weight of her very full bladder pressing on her exhausted sphincter muscles. She HAD to excuse herself. She MUST go use the bathroom now no matter how embarrassing that was for her. But just as she stood up to scape her leftovers into the food recycling Tim began laughing and holding something in the air.

“The crackers! I can’t believe we forgot the crackers! Carol, would you do the honours of pulling my cracker with me since you’ve gone to all the effort to make this lovely meal?”

Carol bit her lip before forcing on another smile. How long could pulling a cracker really take? Surely she’d only be delayed for a matter of a few seconds? But of course it wasn’t just one cracker but all four, then consoling poor Teddy who’d been frightened by the sudden bangs, then everyone wanted to read their jokes out and put their hats on too! Carol sat down sliding a hand between her sparkly Christmas party dress feeling her nylon tights and pressing her index finger against her pee hole as hard as she could. She felt like she might burst any second and disgrace herself but table manners prevented her from rushing away in the middle of Christmas dinner.

“That was delicious mum. Thank you. Now how about I sort out the pudding. Dad said you’d made trifle again. Teddy will love that! You stay where you are and I’ll get it. Is it in the fridge?”

Carol nodded, all her concentration still on keeping herself from disgracing herself in front of her family. While Tim and her husband chatted and Teddy wiped gravy in his hair Carol wriggled and squirmed while her grown up daughter fetched the pudding from the fridge. Watching as Bethany placed the spoons, bowls and trifle on the table among all the Christmas decorations and bits of crackers Carol tried thinking if any excuse she could to escape and rush to the toilet upstairs. Could she suddenly need something or have to change her clothes? She was just about to open her mouth to make some excuse when Bethany looked right at her and handed her a bowl of pudding.

“Are you ok mum? You look a bit hot and flustered there?”

On the very edge of actually admitting what was wrong Carol opened her mouth but before she could utter a word her dear husband stood up and impromptu placed a loving hand on her shoulder.

“You’ve been at it all day haven’t you love? We really are grateful for all the work you put into this meal. I know you enjoy it but even so you deserve credit where it’s due.”

He then bent down to kiss her cheek before returning to his seat to tuck into his pudding. Resigning herself to know have to finish her final course first before getting to pee Carol fidgeted in her seat bouncing and squirming as she spooned the sweet lovely trifle into her mouth.

“Once he’s cleaned up mum do you want to take Teddy and Tim and I will do the washing up before the gifts? Have you still not bought her a dish washer dad? Honestly when will you two get with the times eh!”

Swallowing her last mouthful of pudding Carol gripped the table as she tensed her whole body.

“That’s fine Bethany. If it’s ok with you all though I think I’m going to go get changed out of this fancy dress. I should have bought the bigger size to account for all I’ve eaten today, I’ll be back in a minute.”

Pulling her paper hat off her head and standing up Carol tensed her face as a wave of urgency washed over her. Crossing her legs and doing a bit of a courtesy Carols face blushed in embarrassment as she turned to leave the room as quick as her wobbly legs would take her. Walking through to the living room she had to suddenly stop to grab between her legs as another strong wave of desperation gripped her. Almost in tears from the pressure Carol whimpered and muttered to herself under her breath hearing her family in the other room talking about her.

“Is mum really ok dad? She was acting quite weird there. I really hope she’s not coming down with anything. Loads of people at my work have had that awful flu going around.”

As Carol started to climb the stairs fighting desperately with her body to make it just one more minute she suddenly heard her kind husband behind her.

“Hi love. Are you….ok there?”

Now almost at the top of the stairs Carol turned and looked down at John who looked genuinely concerned and confused.

“It’s not like you to rush off like that love.”

Carol danced around with one hand between her legs looking emotional and agitated.

“I’m fine! Or at least I will be once I’ve used the loo. I’ve been holding it in for ages. Oh God…”

At that she raced up the last few stairs and straight into the bathroom pulling down her tights and lifting up her dress just in the nick of time as a strong urgent stream splashed out forcefully into the toilet splashing back up due to its speed. Sighing with relief and with tears stinging her eyes Carol finally let her body relax as it emptied delightfully an entire days worth of unwanted liquid. The relief feeling like a massive weight was lifted from her whole body Carol looked down in wonder at her dry underwear. It had definitely been the closest call she’d had in a very long time.

She loved cooking Christmas dinner for everyone but next year she promised herself she wouldn’t put off using the toilet until the very last second. Things could so easily have been different and she’d been the closest she’d ever experienced to leaving the biggest puddle under the dinner table in her life.

Now though she could finally enjoy those cuddles with her precious grandson. Those would feel so much better with an empty bladder!

*002*2025-12-10 01:01

{{4 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Welcome back and nice start to the series, also will there be a story about a lesbian lady that teases her female neighbor that has a secret crush on her while inviting her over for Christmas with her and her family?

}}

I’m still thinking on the next ones. I’ve not written much about sane sex couples but that’s definitely an idea for the future

*009*2025-12-13 00:33

{{22 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Avery welcome return! Assuming you were as usual holding throughout your story telling, may I cheekily ask if you made it dry to the end too? Have a great Xmas!

}}

Only just! I forgot how long it takes to write these, read over and check them and post them. I keep hydrated to help me concentrate too.

*011*2025-12-18 01:24

{{On 12/14/2025 at 12:45 AM, DespAndHold said:

Love this story as I do all your work @Mbgpeelover

, it is always exciting to not know how things will end as you are so talented and varied in your endings… I did suspect if it were the author in this situation though she’d have kept waiting until after the cuddles with Teddy and opening of gifts.

}}

I think she tried to but us woman of a certain age struggle more than we used to. Maybe Carol is the same 😉

*015*2025-12-20 21:12

{{5 hours ago, dexmach said:

Something about the tone you've captured here is just intoxicating. It reads like a wholesome, pastoral Hallmark holiday movie, but with a creaking sloshing tension building in the background until it takes over entirely as she inches closer and closer to bursting.

You don't just write a *fetish* story, you work in meaningful details and mundane normalcy perfectly, so that those moments of urgency and building pressure hit that much harder in context. And then when her overtaxed little bladder begins to dominate the narrative, the transition is that much more (pleasantly) jarring, after having set up such a cozy atmosphere beforehand.

I'm sure you hear this plenty, but you are *damn good* at this, Mary. Always have been. 😍

}}

You have made my Christmas with this comment. Every character I write about is so very real to me in my mind and I’m so glad that comes across to the reader. I put so much into these stories and to hear that people are reading and enjoying them means everything.

The second one in this series is coming very very soon. A very different character but a very full bladder just the same.

