The guest

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-11-09 14:05

Since many years went Mike frequently with his parents for skiing holidays to the same place in the same little hotel.

The ski resort was far from the capital where Mike lived.

In the hotel was a chambermaid who grew up humble.The girl was already 18 and had never been in the capital before.

Last holidays she told Mike‘s parents that she had some official errands to do in the city and asked them for some help with a hotel.

They offered her a place to stay in their guest room for some days and offered her a help from Mike for her errands.

The girl was very happy about it and Mike was also looking forward to spend time with the girl, because he liked her very much.

The girl, Mary was her name, matched perfectly his expectations.

She was somewhat younger than him, just a little over 18.

Mary was a thin, boyish, well shaped girl, just like Mike liked girls.

It was late autumn when the girl came to the city.

Mike picked her up from the train station and took her home.

Mary wore a short traditional local dress that ended above her knees and knee socks.

She wore a vest because it was already quite cold.

Her knees and her thighs were bare. Mike loved it when the girls had their legs bare in cold weather and when the cold wind blew under their skirts up on their thighs to their panties.

Naked girl thighs in a cold weather turned him on very much.

And there was something else that was turning him on very much.

A girl who urgently needed to pee aroused him the most.

When he was with a girl who hadn’t been to the toilet for a long time, he constantly thought about her full bladder and how urgently she needed to go after such a long time.

He always found it fascinating and exciting how long some girls put of going to the toilet even though their bladder was already very full . Mike loved exactly these kind of girls.

He loved it to see them rubbing their knees and crossing their legs from needing to wee so badly.

Maria had exactly the legs he wanted to see crossed.

She should tie those sexy legs in a knot to be able to hold her peeing back even longer, that’s what Mike wanted.

Mike couldn’t wait for to make her wait and hold. He couldn’t wait to see how she would react when she didn’t get a chance to go to the toilet.

This thought and her sexy bare thighs made him incredibly horny.

It was already early evening when they arrived at home.

Mikes parents greeted Mary and showed her her room. The father told Mike to show Mary the bathroom.

Mike did it with pleasure and left the door open while he waited outside until Mary had washed her hands.

The girl didn’t pee. Maybe she didn’t need to, because she peed in the train before arriving, or she was waiting for a better opportunity!? Mike didn’t give her a really good chance, because of the open door.

Mikes mother had prepared a dinner and they went to sleep immediately after the dinner, because they had to get up early for doing all the official channels.

Mary went at about 10 pm to the bathroom for a shower and for to pee. It was her first time since Mike picked her up from the train station.

Mike was standing in front of the door to listen and he could hear that she pissed with high pressure and a loud hissing sound for extreme long.

Her bladder must have been very full and her urge must have been very strong and it was a sign that she had a large bladder and a good holding ability.

Mike‘s penis was bone hard. It was so exciting for him to have a girl at home and to be so close to a girl and to hear her pee.

It would have been great to see her too. Mary‘s presence excited him greatly!!

They slept all night separated only by a thin wall.

Early in the morning, they set off right after breakfast.

The girl left the house without peeing again. Mike loved that.

Mary wore a similar dress to yesterday, perhaps a little shorter, again knee socks and a wool vest.

Her knees and her horny thighs were naked again.

After they had successfully completed everything in the morning, they had a lunch at a kiosk.

It was almost too cold to sit outside, but the girl mustn’t have a chance to pee, so they ate outside.

They sat facing each other, Mary‘s dress had ridden up and Mike could see far up between the girls terribly sexy thighs.

Mike had been feeling the urge to pee for sometime, but he loved that feeling and he also loved torturing his own bladder, especially when he was with a girl who also needed to go.

He would let his own bladder burst before giving a girl a chance to pee, but that wouldn’t happen, each girl would wet her panties before, because Mike’s bladder is strong and good trained.

“She also must need to piss!!!“ though Mike full of horniness, during he looked between her thighs.

Mike wanted to increase his horniness, he wanted to talk about the girls full bladder, about her pee urge, about her naked, sexy, slim thighs.

“Aren’t you cold when you’re so naked down there?“ asked Mike and used the opportunity to put his hand on her bare thigh.

To feel the cool skin of her nude thigh made him incredibly hot.

“No i am not cold, I’m used to have my knees and my thighs bare well into the winter, sometimes even then when there is already snow. Our boys also have their knees and thighs bare and wear their short leather shorts well into the winter.“ answered the girl.

After lunch, he showed her the city and he noticed that she crossed her legs whenever they stopped somewhere.

He was quite sure she needed to pee, which was no wonder it was already 3 pm and himself was also feeding a strong urge.

The best way to torture the bladder of a girl who needs to pee is to give her something to drink. Preferably coffee and coke.

Mike wanted to torture the girl‘s bladder so much and he wanted so much to see her cross her sexy horny making legs, therefore they went to a kiosk.

Coffee and coke for the girl and for him only coffee.

Mary was standing with her legs crossed. Mike loved it so much and he loved to see goosebumps on her thighs.

“You are cold after all, you have goosebumps on your thighs.“ said Milk and pointed at her bare thighs, which were pressed tight together.

„No i am not cold, that’s only because I’ve needed to go to the loo so badly for so long.“ answered the girl and crossed her legs even more tight.

“You have to go so badly that you get goosebumps?“ asked Mike full of lust and horniness.

“Yes, but don’t worry, i can endure quite a lot if it is necessary.“ answered the girl.

“It will be necessary for 2 to 3 hours, then we will be at home, then you can go!

Can you stand it that long?“ asked the boy and wished she would say no, but that she had to endure it nonetheless.

”I’ll do my best.” was her short answer.

The coffee was a good idea, not even one hour later could Mike feel that his bladder was very plump and tensed and that his urge to pee was already very, very strong.

He loved the feeling and he loved the situation.

Sometimes he skipped urinating in the morning and held it back until noon and occasionally even longer, until evening and longer.

His bladder had and has to obey, even it was getting painful.

Now he loved the situation, his bladder had to suffer for that the girl had to suffer!!!

He hoped and wished that the girl had to go even more urgently than he did. He went to the toilet again in the morning before they left, but the girl didn’t and the girl had a large coke in addition to her coffee, he didn’t.

The girl’s bladder must have already been so large that it no longer had any room in her thin, flat stomach, it must have already been bulging out of her belly, though Mike to himself.

How he would have loved to see the thin girl naked or just in her panties.

He wanted to see her bladder bulging out between her pelvis bones, all the way up to her navel and he would like to press and knead this overfull bladder, but for now that is just a dream.

Mary’s need to pee became increasingly obvious and more clear. Whenever they stopped somewhere, she rubbed her bony knees and pressed her delicate, sexy, naked thighs tightly together.

Sometimes she was standing with her slender, boyish legs tight crossed.

She was needing to piss visible very urgently, but she did no more say anything about it. She knew that she had to wait and hold until at home.

It would have been so easy to ask for a toilet, or to ask to go into a coffee shop where she could have peed, but she didn’t, she was a girl from the country and country girls don’t go to a coffee shop for to piss.

Whether country girls or city girls, they all have to do it at least once and Mary could hardly stand it anymore.

Mike was in heaven by his omorashi sadistic lust.

Mary’s slender body had always been incredibly arousing for him and he had always dreamed of seeing her desperately needing to pee and now it was reality.

Mary was a brave girl who could endure a lot, but now she had to go so much that she asked “is there somewhere i can squat down? Sorry but i can’t stand it any longer!”

“I’m sorry but there’s nothing like that, city girls don’t just squat around anywhere.” answered Mike with a bone hard dick in his trousers.

Mike’s bladder was already starting to hurt, how badly must that gal have to go? he thought.

Then he thought about her panties, what they looked like, what color they were, whether they were still dry, how they stretched over her girl slit.

After an hour of walking with rubbing knees, they arrived at home.

Mike’s hard cock was also rubbing against his pants, he had to be careful not evacuate from horniness.

Mary’s first way when they arrived home, was to the toilet.

Mike was standing in front of the door again, it was like an explosion the way it spurted out of her. She pissed unbelievable long.

Mike couldn’t believe that this thin girl was able to hold so much wee inside her.

He was still standing in front of the door when she came out.

”I think that was really, really necessary!” he said and smiled.

”That was more than necessary, that was an outstanding performance! I think if it had been another hour, i would have peed my pants.” answered the girl and smiled back.

Mike was horny and disappointed in the same way. Should he have made her wait longer? Would she really have peed her panties an hour later?

Would her urine have run down on her gorgeous thighs?

Would her white knee socks have turned wet and yellow? Are her little panties already a little bit wet?

Mike wondered all this in his lust and horniness.

One thing he didn’t have to ask himself, he knew perfectly well that he would have loved to see that beautiful body naked and that he would have loved to fuck that girl right then and there!!!

He would refrain from peeing before, even though his bladder was already busting.

The best thing would have been to fuck her before she was allowed to pee, but maybe another opportunity will arise, she’s staying for a few days more!!??

*001*2025-11-22 14:37

“Would you really have wet your panties if you had to wait for an other hour?” Asked Mike.”

”I don’t know, I’m used working occasionally for hours with a full bladder, but I’ve never had to go this badly before.” replied the girl. “But i wouldn’t have wet myself that quickly, i could certainly have held it for a while longer if it had been necessary.” the girl continued.

”Maybe your panties aren’t dry anymore, maybe you’ve pissed them a little bit wet!!?? Show me your panties, i would love to see them so much.”Said Mike full of horniness.

Mary had liked Mike for a long time and had always felt very attracted to him. She often dreamed of being fucked by him, but she thought that she as a country girl with a thin body would not be attractive enough for him.

Since a while she had noticed that his gaze kept to and between her bare thighs and she had noticed that her slim body aroused him greatly, perhaps that was also why she so terrible needed to pee.

She knew that some boys get’s turned on very much by a girl who is desperate to pee.

She wanted to take the opportunity to make him even more horny, so she lifted her dress to show him her bare thighs and her panties which were still dry.

Mike was facilitated and aroused by what he got to see.

He loved that slime, bare thighs and as he suspected she was wearing small cotton panties, which he loved as well.

”It all looks great and very exciting down there!” Said Mike.

”And your sexy little panties are really still completely dry. That is quite a good achievement and performance, not many girls can go a whole day without going to the toilet even once. Not so many can hold it that long and can go for so long without peeing.” Said Mike with a visible boner in his pants.

” We country girls can be pretty strong if we have to, but what is about you, you haven’t been on the toilet as well since early in the morning and you still haven’t peed?” Asked Mary.

“For me is it different, i like it need to go but don’t go, i like the feeling of an over full bladder, it turns me on to suppress my urge for hours, even it gets painful.” Answered Mike.

” I’ve never intentionally held it back, only out of necessity when i didn’t have time during work. Sometimes it became very urgent as well, but never as urgent as just before.

But the fact that i had to go so urgently but couldn’t, aroused me also in a certain way, especially perhaps because you knew how urgently i had to go.” Said the girl.

”You mean you liked not being able to go to the toilet for so long?” Asked Mike excited.

”In some way, i found it exciting to have such a desperate need but not being able to go and not even to know how long i would have to endure it.” Said Mary.

”I love hearing that, we can repeat this tomorrow. We don’t go to the toilet all day, not even when we get home, although we’ll definitely need to go really badly by then.

My parents are going out for a dinner tomorrow evening and then to the theater, they certainly won’t be at home before midnight. So we two of us can have a lovely evening together if you’d like.” Said Mike.

The girl was happy to hear that, she wished nothing more than to spend an evening alone with Mike.

”What will this evening be like?” Asked the girl full of desire and anticipation.

”Don’t be so curious, let yourself be surprised.” Answered Mike, kissed her cheek and touched and stroked her bare thigh with one hand.

*002*2025-11-24 12:31

After this for Mike very exciting conversation they went both into the living room to Mike’s parents, who asked if they had been able to get everything done and if they had a nice day.

Mary told them that everything was fine and thanked them again for their hospitality.

After dinner, took Mike the girl to his room where they wanted to watch a video together.

It was for both of them an erotic and exciting feeling to be alone in such a confined space. But although they hadn’t known each other for a long time and didn’t know each other very well they had a very intimate conversation.

” You still haven’t been to the toilet, don’t you have to go?” Asked the girl excited.

”I would have to go all afternoon and now it’s already very, very urgently. My bladder is already big and hard like a bowling ball and it hurts a lot, but it has to hold out until we go to sleep.” Answered Mike and took the girls hand and placed it on his swollen belly.”

”Oh my god, it is so hard and so big, can’t it burst?”asked Mary visible agitated.

”No it won’t burst, it can withstand even more, press on it. Press very hard, torture it!" said Mike already very horny. “ I’m going to torture your bladder tomorrow evening too, if you haven’t been to the toilet all day and I’m really looking forward to it. You’ll have show me what a country girl can endure, especially what your country girl’s bladder can handle.

You’ll have to squeeze your sexy legs tightly together, you will have to make a knot in them, to keep your tiny panties dry down there.” Said Mike full of lust and horniness and slid his hand up her bare, delicate thigh from her knees up to her panties.

She did let him do it. They were both ready to have sex, but Mike’s parents were still in the living room, they had to wait until tomorrow.

Mike kneaded and caressed her upper thighs and Mary couldn’t resist to press hard on Mike’s overfilled bladder until he moaned loud about his painful urge to piss.

He did like it to get his bladder tortured from a pretty girl and he was horny as hell about it.

Mary on the other hand did like as well to torture the boy’s bladder and to make him piss like crazy that way, she was getting horny as about it and about to see the contours of his stiff cock in his pants.

”You naughty country girl, you learned very quickly to torture a poor city boy. You have to get punished for that! Very, very hard!!!

Tomorrow I’ll make you hold, i won’t let you pee until your wee is coming out of your ears.” Said the boy, pushed her panties to the side and shoved one finger deep in the girl’s slit.

*003*2025-11-29 00:17

About one hour later, the film was almost over. Mike’s bladder was already stretched near to its limit and his urge to pee was hurting him, he wanted to the toilet, but when he was about to get up, Mary asked “where you wants to go?”

”You know exactly where, i am going there where i should have been going since noon.” Answered Mike.

” You will not go, you deliberately didn’t let me go to the toilet all day long just for your fun and for your pleasure to torment me, therefore you have to get punished. You will not go before we are going to sleep.” Said Mary and pressed with one hand hard on the boys overfilled bladder.

Mike moaned loud and said ”You might be a bad girl!

How can a girl who looks so well behaved and ingenue be so naughty?

You can be sure that i will pay you back. Your “country girl bladder “ will be punished for this tomorrow.

You will have to make a knot in your horny, sexy legs to keep you from pissing your little panties.

Mark let her squeeze and torture his tightly filled bladder. He had to go so badly, but he loved being tormented by the girl that way and thought about filling her up tomorrow until she bursted.

He had his hand under her dress until the end of the film and squeezed and caressing her slim, bare thighs.

He could feel that her panties were moist, but not from her wee.

When the film ended they stood up, went to the door and stopped in front of it.

The girl hugged the boy and did what she had long dreamed of, she kissed him passionately.

Mike returned her kiss, grabbed her firm ass with both hands and pressed her slender body hard against his.

His stiff cock was between their bellies and pressed so hard against his swollen bladder that he groaned.

On the way down to the living room, where Mikes parents still sitting in front of the television, he stopped at the toilet and went in.

This time was it the other way, this time stood the girl in front of the door and heard the boy peeing with high pressure for an endless amount of time.

”That was really great, i thought you’d never stop.” Said Mary.

”I’m curious how you piss if i don’t let you to the toilet for 17 hours beforehand.

With you girls it always hisses so loud when you’ve held it back for a really long time and when you are full to burst.

You have to let me watch you pee tomorrow too!” Said Mike full of horniness.

”What else do you want from me, you naughty boy?” Asked the girl and smiled.

”I want everything a girl can give from you, i will never get enough of you .” Answered Mike.

”I will do my best for you, but I’ll tell you one thing right now, it’s absolutely impossible for me to go 17 hours without peeing.

My bladder almost burst today and that was not even 13 hours. I definitely can’t hold it for 17 hours. I never had to hold it for so long.” Said Mary.

”But tomorrow you will have to endure it !” Said Mike.

