The Scarlet Witch - the "strongest" Avenger?

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2019-05-23 05:09

The Scarlet Witch was considered to be one of the most powerful Avengers, and she knew it. Wanda Maximoff didn't even know herself the limits of her powers and what she could fully do with them, but she knew they were awesome. After the battle in Sokovia, Wanda had mixed emotions. Settling into a near military facility that the Avengers base was was a bit difficult for her. Vision flying through walls, Captain America's motivational speeches, Black Widow being difficult to be friends with all created a hard environment for her to fit in. But Natasha Romanoff being the only other female under the roof, she definitely wanted to find a way to be friends. Maybe Natasha felt threatened by how powerful Maximoff was, or maybe she just flat out didn't like her - but Natasha had barely even breathed in her direction since she joined the team.

5:00 A.M., Avengers Upstate Facility

Early morning fighting simulations were probably Wanda's least favorite thing to do. She had to exert herself enough, but not too much so that she seriously hurt one of her teammates, and stay heavily hydrated. Wanda woke up extra early this morning to try and enjoy a bit of the morning before the exercise took place. The facility kitchen was completely empty as she walked in, turned on the light and set up some tea. In the far room across the kitchen was Natasha sitting at her desk surfing her computer.

"I did not expect to see you up so early," Wanda said in her light eastern European accent.

"Work around here never ends, you know that by now," Natasha replied, almost if to say 'leave me alone.'

"Right,," Natasha replied, hearing the kettle starting to boil. She poured her tea and returned to her room.

2 HOURS LATER..

Scarlet Witch was three water bottles deep and one cup of tea, and she could feel it during the simulation fight. Her distraction was making her slip up in combat where the Avengers were split in teams. Wanda, Natasha and Captain America got to take on Rhodey, Falcon and Vision. Falcon had been eliminated early, taking too many hits in their team death match styled simulation. Natasha got to go hand to hand with Rhodey, which you think would've been an easy fight for him in his suit, but she proved pretty creative - and Cap was doing his best to disarm Vision, which wasn't going well for him. Wanda stood there, trying to figure out where she should be - but she couldn't help but shift from foot to foot a little.

"Wanda! Need an assist!" Cap yelled out, a little agitated as Vision caught his shield in an attempt to knock Vision down from a flying position. Wanda snapped out of it, exerting a bit too much of her telekinetic power throwing Vision to the ground hard. She doubled over a little bit, feeling that shock through her body and causing her to bite her lip. Cap looked back at her, his expression as if to say not cool.

The simulation went on another 45 minutes - with every minute Wanda growing more uncomfortable. Wanda could of said something, maybe asked for a quick pause - but herself being the new girl? Not a chance did she want to embarrass herself in front of the Avengers for a bathroom break. Cap rounded off the training exercise with a little pep talk and offering the team advice on things they could've done better on. At this point, Wanda was barely paying attention. She was far more focused on not wetting her leather pants in front of her new team mates. She stood as still as she could with her thighs pressed together hard. Finally, after what felt like decades of Cap talking, he adjourned their meeting.

Wanda found herself speed walking to the washroom - the nearest one in the huge facility close to her bedroom. She didn't pay attention to what the other Avengers were up to, she just had far more important things to deal with here. As she walked the long corridor, she paused for a split second.

'D-Did I just leak?' Wanda thought to herself. She could feel the tiny bit of warmth and definite wetness in her underwear. She bit her lip once again, trying to avoid holding herself in the middle of the corridor, but she couldn't resist. Wanda held her crotch for the duration of the walk, luckily not passing by any staff or worse - Avengers. Finally, she neared the bathroom - the door closed.

'God dammit. I shouldn't swear. you never know what Cap can hear and what he can't.' Wanda thought to herself.

She stood outside the bathroom door, cursing herself for not exploring the facility enough to know where the other bathrooms are. She entered the kitchen while waiting, and to her surprise Natasha greeted her.

"Good work today, Maximoff," Natasha said a little coldly drinking a cup of tea.

"T-Thanks, you as well. It was pretty cool to see you take down War Machine like that," Wanda replied back.

Natasha smiled, and to Wanda's horror - Natasha held up a second cup.

"I think it's the way you like it - two sugar, two cream?" Natasha said, a bit more friendly.

"Y-Yes, that's.. that's how I take it. Thank you," Wanda said, shivering a bit as she took a small sip of the tea.

"Are you alright?" Natasha said, a little concerned noticing Wanda's inability to stand still and her stutters.

"I'm fine! Just a bit tired - got up too early. Still getting used to the whole.. boot camp thing," Wanda said, obviously lying through her teeth.

"Yeah, Rogers runs us hard, but it's all for a reason. Our enemies won't be as kind to you in the field as we are in practice. I just wish Tony would invest in a second bathroom in this half of the building," Natasha said a little jokingly.

'Wait, is she saying there was one where I came from? God dammit.."

"It would be kind of nice..." Wanda said back, feeling herself leak again.

"I don't know what Vision does in there, but he sure takes his time," Natasha laughed.

Wanda gave her a shaky smile back, trying to figure out her situation. She couldn't make it all the way to the other side of the facility, and lord knows what Vision is doing, but she wasn't going to be the Avenger begging at the bathroom door.

TO BE CONTINUED.

*004*2019-05-23 21:05

Wanda was amazed, she was actually having a full length conversation with Natasha right now. She'd be pretty happy about this if she wasn't absolutely bursting. Her and Natasha sat across from each other at the kitchen island, so luckily Natasha could not see her desperate squirming anymore. Wanda could feel how wet her underwear was as they clung to her. She knew she could not last much longer, she had to break her silence.

"W-When do you think Vision will be done.. doing whatever he's doing in the washroom?" Wanda asked a little quietly.

"That's a good question. He just got in there before you arrived." Natasha said back, hiding a little smile due to Wanda just confirming her theory regarding her predicament.

Wanda tried not to let the frustration or humiliation show on her face, but it was difficult. She had to try to make it back to the other side of the building, there was no option anymore.

"It's fine, I'll just go to the far washroom," Wanda said, standing a bit slowly. To her horror, on the stool where she sat was a small puddle. She tried to cover it quickly by sitting back down and letting it soak in her leather pants.

"Are you sure you're okay, Wanda?" Natasha asked, trying to keep the smile off her face.

"I.. I really need to use the bathroom, to be honest," Wanda muttered under her breath.

Black Widow sat up in her stool, leaning over the table towards Wanda. They made eye contact as Natasha looked down to see Wanda's legs crossed and one hand holding herself.

"Just wet your pants," Natasha said seriously.

Wanda looked shocked, she couldn't believe what Natasha just said to her. Wet her pants? Wanda wasn't a scared child. Maybe she did a little bit during the Battle of Sokovia, but she was different now.

"Y-You can't be serious," Wanda replied, shakiness in her voice.

Natasha gave her a smile and a wink.

Wanda bit her lip hard, she looked around, standing up slowly. She had to, she couldn't make it to the other bathrooms. Natasha stood with her, walking around to her side, running her finger on the table.

"Well? Are you going to do it?" Natasha said, teasing a bit.

"I.. I can't.. Especially with you just standing there watching me!" Wanda said, completely offended this situation was even taking place. Natasha got a bit closer, grabbing Wanda's hand she was holding herself with and putting it in hers. Instantly Wanda leaked, more than she had before. They both heard the splash of urine hitting the floor. Wanda looked down in shame, closing her eyes. By this time, there was no point.

Wanda let it all go, warm piss running down her thighs to her knees and pooling in her boots, completely soaking her underwear and her leather pants where it dripped out the seams. What didn't go in her boots started creating a sizable puddle on the ground beneath her. She peed for what felt like hours, but was more like a minute, then finally nothing. Wanda looked up at Natasha, tears in her eyes. Natasha pulled her into a hug as Wanda's tears rolled down her cheeks. Natasha pulled back, grabbing Wanda by her chin, giving her a small kiss.

"Are you going to be okay, little miss Scarlet Witch?" Natasha said, jokingly.

Wanda wiped the tears off her cheek, she wasn't sure if she was crying from relief or humiliation. "Yes.." She replied back, the humiliation in her voice.

Natasha smiled again, pulling away and admiring the huge puddle Wanda had created. Natasha walked by her, opening the bathroom door to reveal nobody was in there, and began to strut down the hallway.

'That bitch!' Wanda thought to herself, feeling the warmth start to go away and the cold stickiness beginning to settle in.

*005*2019-05-23 21:18

I hope you guys enjoyed! If you want a continuation, let me know! I'm interested in continuing, or doing separate stories. If you have requests for characters, let me know! I do only do female stories though.

