Pauline Desperate to Pee

Author: mysterious331

*000*2021-07-01 17:54

During the night, Mario and Pauline were on a date at the club in New Donk City. They were sitting at the table drinking a glass of water each. Pauline was now on her 10th glass of water. Mario looked concerned for her.

"Don't you think that's enough water for you?" he asked.

"If I want to keep enough stamina on the dance floor, I have to stay hydrated," Pauline replied. "Besides, this means that I don't need anything else to drink."

After finishing her drink, she and Mario headed to the dance floor and moved to the music for the next 3 hours. Mario was nearly sweating, and Pauline was still feeling tireless. In fact, she still felt like moving.

By this time, the club was now closing, and Mario noticed Pauline still dancing. "Okay, Pauline," Mario told her. "The music is off. You can stop dancing."

"Sorry, Mario," Pauline told him. "Guess I really have to go now!"

"I told you drinking 80 fluid ounces of water wasn't such a bright idea," Mario snarked.

"Okay, let me go pee real quick and we'll leave," Pauline told him.

So she headed to the restroom, only to read the sign on the ladies' restroom door. "Closed for cleaning?!" she complained. "Oh, but I really have to pee now!"

So Pauline decided to walk out the city with Mario, trying to keep her bladder tight. It was difficult, however, since everywhere she and Mario walked past, she saw various water sources, such as a fountain, puddles splashed by rolling cars, and even water dripping out of water spouts. Pauline tried to keep it together as she and Mario continued walking.

"You sure you okay?" Mario asked Pauline.

"I'm fine," Pauline claimed. "We're almost to your house."

Pauline was having a difficult time holding it in. She felt her kidneys burning as if she had drank hydrochloric acid. Her bladder made unsettling squishing sounds as she walked. She felt her lower regions moving her urine up and down like a yo-yo as she struggled to hold it in. It was a long walk from Mario's house, and she could barely walk straight.

After a good three minutes, the couple finally made it to Mario's house. "Thank you so much for this-a very wonderful date," Mario thanked Pauline.

"You too, Mario," Pauline replied with a forced smile. "Now I'll see you another day... or night."

As Mario waved goodbye and shut the door behind him, Pauline then looked around and ran for her life. She was desperate to find a bathroom when she ran into racing Koopa Troopas on the road. They were racing across the only intersection that was preventing Pauline from crossing, and the race went on for a good minute before the road was finally clear to let Pauline cross. She ran holding her crotch tightly to keep from wetting her pants.

But as she ran through the park, she saw a bunch of Goombas having a party. Pauline groaned in frustration. She really had to go and couldn't make it with all the Goombas in her way. But then she found a saving grace. The park had a restroom. So she ran to the building to use the restroom, only to find that the toilet was disgusting.

"Forget it!" Pauline shouted. "No potty emergency is worth using this disgusting latrine!"

So Pauline ran out of the restroom and through the park, avoiding the Goombas on her way through. It took quite a while, but Pauline managed to make it through the park. She saw a carwash washing a car, which only exacerbated her potty emergency as she felt the liquid through her lower regions on its way out.

So Pauline ran some more, hoping to make it to her house in time, only to get impeded yet again by a parade with a Bowser float. Pauline groaned some more. There were a bunch of Goombas, Boos, Koopas, and Shy Guys all taking a ride on the Bowser float through the road. Pauline could feel her bladder swishing inside as she danced around with her legs crossed tightly together. She felt as if her stomach was about to bulge. She felt as if someone was blowing her bladder like a hot air balloon. It was getting very difficult for her to hold it in, and the float was taking a long time to end.

After two full minutes, Pauline finally crossed the street and ran for her life at home. She had come across enough obstacles on the long way when she ran into rolling barrels. This caused Pauline to groan some more.

"Honestly, haven't I got enough of that when that big ape carried me over the ladders?!" she groaned loudly.

So with her hand grabbing her crotch, Pauline just dodged the barrels as they rolled towards her. She knew if she ran into one of them, she would fall to the ground, which would cause the impact to shake her bladder loose and flooding her pants, which she did NOT wanted to be an option.

It took about forty seconds, but the path finally cleared, and Pauline was able to cross the street to continue her way back home. She didn't stop running. The flood gates were on their way to pry open due to the impact of the water flow trying to squeeze its way out. Pauline felt the acid in her kidneys as she ran desperately through the town.

She was only a few blocks away from her house when she was stopped yet again by an elderly mushroom pedestrian.

"Hello there," the mushroom greeted. "You must be Mayor Pauline."

"That's me!" Pauline answered. "And I believe I shall be going now!"

Pauline turned to leave. But the mushroom stopped her abruptly. "Wait!" he called. "There's something I want you to do. Can you sign my picture?"

He pulled out a picture of Pauline herself out of his pocket, as well as a pen. Pauline crossed her legs tightly, hoping the flood gates don't open just yet. "Sure," she replied taking the pen and picture. She signed her name on the picture and handed it to the mushroom.

"Thanks a lot," the mushroom told her gratefully. "It was a great idea to make you the mayor of New Donk City."

"Yep," Pauline replied. "Now I will be seeing you now!"

Pauline turned to leave, but not before being stopped by the mushroom again. "Wait!" he called. "Can I get a picture of you?"

Pauline hesitantly nodded. "Sh-sh-sh-sure," she uttered through clenched, smiling teeth.

So the mushroom pulled out his cellphone and took a selfie of him and Pauline. Pauline felt good that her desperation had actually gave her a great smile in the picture.

"There's your picture!" Pauline said. "Now it's time for me to go!"

"Wait!" the mushroom called, stopping Pauline once again as she turned to leave. She turned back around to see that the mushroom offered her $50. "This is for the selfie you allowed me to take," he told her. "And the picture you signed for me. I know you don't really do any of this for free."

"Aww," Pauline replied. "You really didn't have to give me this."

"Yes I did," the mushroom replied. "You earned it."

"Well thanks for this!" Pauline told him rapidly. "Now it's time for me to go!"

Pauline then turned around to run. But she was stopped yet again by the mushroom. "Wait!" he called.

Pauline turned around to see what else he wanted. "You better make it home to the bathroom!" he called. "I noticed you seem to be writhing around a lot."

"Of course," Pauline replied. "That's just what I was doing."

"You better get to your home quickly!" the mushroom told her waving.

"I will!" Pauline replied.

And she turned away and ran as fast as she could. She could feel the urine on its way out of her lower regions. She clutched tightly onto her crotch. She encounter more ridiculous obstacles. Such as speed bullets, rolling shells, fireballs, and even banana peels all over the sidewalk, which she narrowly avoided slipping into.

Finally, she had made it all the way to her house and sighed in relief. "Phew!" she whispered. "It took a while, but I'm finally home. Now I can finally use the bathroom without worrying about wet pants."

But as Pauline tried to open the door, she tried to search through her pockets for the keys. She had just remembered. She had given the keys to Princess Peach, who was staying over with her for the night along with Rosalina and Daisy. So Pauline knocked on the door continuously calling for Peach to open the door. She waited and waited and waited, but still no answer to the door after five long minutes.

"Ooh!" she moaned. "How could she not hear me? I'm about to burst!"

Pauline waited as long as she could. She pounded on the door some more. But still no answer. As she felt her lower regions about to shoot the liquid out of her, Pauline was left with one final choice: She would either wet herself or would have to resort to outside relief.

Pauline decided to just hold it. There was no way she would ever think about such a thing. She waited until the door opened. But after five more minutes, she was still bursting, and the urine was on its way to exit out of her lower regions.

"I knew I should have listened to Mario and not drink ten glasses of water!" she complained.

Pauline knew she would be in for a major humiliation if she let 80 fluid ounces of liquid stain her whole pants, and it was obviously taking so long for anyone to come to the door. So she finally made up her mind.

"Fine!" she said to herself. "Anything to keep from ruining a good pair of pants!"

So Pauline quickly ran to the side of the house behind the bushes, looked around, pulled down her pants and panties to her thighs, squatted down, and rapidly started peeing. Pauline then let out a relieved sigh. She didn't feel right peeing outside. But it was much better than entering the house with wet pants. Most importantly, at least no one could see her doing her business in the bushes.

Two minutes had now passed, and Pauline was still peeing. The leaves of the bushes brushed softly across her bare butt. "Mario was right," she told herself. "Ten glasses of water was too much for me."

Another two minutes passed by, and Pauline was still squatting down peeing. She felt a very cold breeze on her bare butt. Her thighs were beginning to ache a bit for squatting down for so long. Her pee formed a 6-foot trail to her right behind her, almost like a river flow that almost flooded part of the grass. Pauline couldn't do much else but to continue peeing.

After five full minutes, Pauline's pee finally slowed down to a weak drip, and she pulled out some napkins to wipe. After finishing wiping, Pauline pulled up her panties and pants and adjusted them fully as she stood up. She looked behind her to find her pee trail flowing line a mini 7-foot river that continued to stream from the grass onto the sidewalk. The stream was getting even longer.

"I will never drink too much ever again," Pauline said to herself. "I can't believe it took me five minutes to finish."

As Pauline walked over to the front door, she saw that it was opening to reveal Peach standing in front. "Oh," she uttered in surprise. "Pauline! I didn't know you were there. If you were knocking earlier, I'm sorry I, Daisy, and Rosalina didn't answer the door for you. We were all using the bathroom and I guess we didn't hear you knocking."

Pauline just made a face. She just wasn't interested in replying back as she walked inside.

THE END

