Ms. Tinklebottoms Academy of Capable Girls

Author: Mr. Omo

*000*2019-07-23 09:53

The 2 pm bell echoed through Tinklebottom Academy, and class began once more for the girls of this fine institution. They all sat in their desks, squirming and fidgeting as Ms. Pissy, the desperate schoolroom teacher, wrote on the board, a prominent blush on all of their faces as they trembled in their seats. Ms. Pissy was too struggling with crossed legs while repeatedly writing “I will not urinate myself” on the board. The girls looked desperately at the word “urinate”, only fueling their desire to plant their rears on a toilet seat and relieve themselves.

Ms. Pissy slowed her writing in the middle of “urinate”, stopping at the T and slowly going down, making a squiggled line to the bottom of the board as she doubled over, forcing her hand in her crotch with trembling legs. The girls blushed harder and tightened their crossed legs, seeing their teacher ready to burst wasn’t helping their urges settle down. Ms. Pissy then began to do a potty dance, squirming and swaying her rear back and forth, crossing her knees to then hunch over her desk, holding her crotch as she shuffled to and fro.

“H-Here we go again” said one of the girls, seeing their teacher do her potty dance after the last bell rang, right on cue.

“Its like c-clockwork with this woman...” replied another, switching her legs and crossing the, once more.

“C-Can you blame her? 7 am t-to 3 pm, a-and no bathroom breaks in between, any woman w-would be like this” said a girl in the front, leaning forward and whimpering right after saying this.

Ms. Pissy looked back to her class, trembling and wanting to relive herself at once, but her duty as a teacher of Tinklebottom Academy is to teach these girls how to hold it, so she stood strong, taking a deep breath and straightening up as her legs remained crossed.

“I-I am a teacher of Tinklebottom A-Academy! I-I can hold it f-for days, a-and so can you girls!” she exclaimed, having a determined look mixed in with the blush and sweat.

The girls were quite surprised, as she usually remained hunched over and whimpering the remainder of the class or until she wets herself. They had a glimpse of hope that maybe, they can hold it today....to only be brought back to reality as she fell to her knees, quickly crossing her legs tightly and clenching her teeth, her face covered in blush and sweat, whimpering once more.

The girls sighed, seeing their teacher literally holding her bladder and forcing her legs together to keep from leaking. They went back to squirming and trembling, counting the minutes until the next bell rings, allowing the relief they all sought for. They looked to the monitor at the corner of the room, as it turned on, the local school news being broadcast.

Outside their door was the school news, accurately labeled “Pee News”, making its rounds in the halls. The reporter looked to the camera, doing a small potty dance as she stood there. The camera girl was also doing a small bounce as she recorded, a knee in the air as she crosses her legs.

“A-As you can see, th-things are normal in M-Ms. Tinklebottoms Academy, a-and as of n-now, there are no reports of g-girls leaking or bursting th-thus far. O-only time will tell if w-we can-“ As the reporter stopped, she pressed both hands into her crotch, a blush washing over her as she has an embarrassed look on her face. The camera girl was bouncing frantically, only one hand dug into her crotch, not nearly being enough to hold it for long.

The girls in the classroom looked to the Reporter desperately, trembling and squirming harder as they saw her desperately cling to herself. Ms. Pissy was too busy forcing her crossed legs together and jamming her hands into her crotch than watching the news, though she had a good idea what was on screen. As this went on, a quick sound was heard at the back of the room, water pouring onto the floor, but they all knew it wasn’t water.

Looking back, they saw a blonde girl, ribbons in her hair and a beet red face on the verge of tears looking off in the distance, as the sound grew louder and louder, slowly turning to a stream down her legs and onto the floor. She tried her best to keep it in, bouncing and crossing her legs tighter, but the stream grew stronger, eventually loud enough to make all the girls in the class jealous and desperate.

They all stared embarrassingly at her, not only was she the first to burst, but the sound was so relieving and wondrous to them, that a few moans escaped some of their lips, some biting their bottoms lips to keep quiet. The (lucky) girl began to moan and whimper, accepting that she couldn’t stop it now and spread her legs, the stream shooting out like a hose as a sigh of major relief was heard from her. Her bare white panties soon had a yellow stain slowly spread, going from a small bit to nearly her entire front of the panties.

All the girls looked away, knowing that staring at this relieving sight would only hinder them than help them. Some, however, got more than an eyeful of this, and not long after, puddles formed under the skirts of some girls and pee began to trickle and splash down to the marble floor, moans and sighs filling the room. Ms. Pissy saw some of her students relieving themselves, and soon a small stain formed on Ms. Pissy’s pink panties. She jammed her hands down further, crossing her legs harder as she grunted, giving her all fo keep in the inevitable flood.

With most of the girls failing to make it to 3 pm, and the teacher having to suffer the same fate soon, how will this story continue on? Will any girl make it? Will Ms. Pissy live up to her name? Will we ever see Ms. Tinklebottom? Will the janitor have one hell of a cleaning day ahead of her? Stay tuned

