Karen's Karma - Page 2

Author: Mickey

*029*2019-01-19 09:42

{{On 1/18/2019 at 1:31 PM, Wombat48 said:

Really brilliant! Can’t wait to see what happens next

}}

Well, next, Chris tries to prevent his bladder from bursting :-D Glad to know you're enjoying this!

{{20 hours ago, ♡~Nikolai~♡ said:

Not loving how male desperation is in this, but ehh.. It's pretty good.

}}

Sorry, not sorry? :-P Also, thanks! I'm happy to know you're reading this inspite of the male desperation :) Fair warning - you may want to skip the next chapter - no female desperation at all in it *shrug* But the one after that is almost entirely female

{{13 hours ago, drenna said:

I absolutely love this so far! Not enough stories include both male and female desperation, and you're amazing at writing both. Can't wait to read more

}}

* Blush blush * Thank you for saying so! Writing male + female is my sweet middle ground :-D I am in it mostly for the male, but most readers seem to prefer female, so! Glad to know it hits the sweet spot for you!

{{9 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this it was is excellent

}}

Thank you! The next chapter is probably not your thing (male desp. only), but I promise to make up for it in the chapter after that!

*030*2019-01-19 09:49

Okay this is extremely embarrassing! I just lost the next chapter Stupid web browser and refresh cycles!

So it'll take a bit of time to post the next chapter - I have recreated most of it, but will have to do some editing to ensure it fits the timeline.

Apologies for the delay! But Chapter 6 will be up by tomorrow!

*033*2019-01-20 13:44

Part-6: In Which Chris Tries to Hold It

(aka after all the build-up, I finally fulfill @Bangarang

's prompt - "How about someone hogging the bathroom for ages while someone else really needs to get in there to empty their bursting bladder? Its a classic but I love it, to keep it fresh could be a girl in the bathroom and a guy waiting?")

Chris remained glued to the sofa, hands pressing down on his lap as Lynn took her time herding everyone out. His bladder screeched for relief, begging him to do something, but he wasn't about to move till he was alone. Since 9am, he had drank two large coffees (300mL), 1 orange juice (250mL), 2 cans of beer (1000mL), 4 glasses of wine (700mL), 2 of water (500mL), 1 iced tea (150 mL) and a soda (250mL). That's nearly 3 litres of liquids over 10 hours - most of it caffeinated or alcoholic. No wonder even his freakishly large bladder was past bursting point! Oh why couldn't they hurry up and go, so he could at least hold himself?

Finally Lynn closed the door behind herself and Chris was free to pinch the base of his penis shut. He clutched his member with both hands as he stood up. The entire contents of his bladder - more than 2 litres worth of urine - pushed against his spinchter demanding immediate release. Oh how he wanted to rush to the bathroom and release this impossible to hold load. But no, he had promised to lock the door.

As he shuffled away from the bathroom his entire body hurt with the effort of keeping the flood in. His bladder felt like a ton of rocks - even with his hand supporting the huge bulge, it was pulling him down, forcing him to hunch forwards. He nearly lost a spurt as he straightened up to lock the door. He was definitely at a 10/10, and minutes away from pissing himself uncontrollably. Gritting his teeth, he kept one hand firmly massaging his cock as he closed the door and hunched back. Thank goodness there was no one to see.

He was now finally free to hurry up and go! Ah, just the thought of pissing could give a man so much joy! His entire body was tingling with the need and anticipation of relief. The waistband of his tight jeans was cruelly cutting in to his bladder, pulses of pain coursing through his body every second. The button was about to pop after a long and valiant fight against his bladder. He still resisted the temptation to open up - he didn't want Karen to come out of her bedroom or something and find him with his pants open. That would be totally creepy. No, he had tolerated this intense pain for at least an hour now - he could stand it a few more minutes.

The slow crawl to the bathroom, keeping his thighs pressed together, seemed to take hours. Each small step jolted his bladder and caused all that golden liquid to attack his poor overtired spinchter. He was clutching his dick for dear life, every one of his muscles clenched to hold back for just a few more seconds. Finally he was at the promised land - his body starting to relax as he pushed the white door.

A hot spurt escaped in to his boxer as the door refused to budge. Fuck, fuck, fuck - Chris didn't have time to deal with a jammed door now. Summoning all his strength, he stopped the leak as he pushed against the door with all his might. And again.

"Woah, someone's impatient!" Karen's voice floated out. "I'm touching up my make up! Give me a couple of minutes to finish up? Or do you really need to pee? Can you wait 2 minutes? Do you need me to open up?" Karen raced on without a pause.

"I just thought the door was jammed" Chris managed to bleat out. What could he even do? Admit he couldn't wait even 2 minutes?

"Oh ok. So not an emergency? Good. I for one need to pee something fierce! Let me just finish up. 2 minutes, ok?" Karen finally shut up.

Oh if only Chris could admit how much more fiercely he needed to pee. Another spurt escaped in spite of his death grip as his bladder throbbed with the need for somehow lessening the pressure. The button on his jeans lost the battle and popped out of its hook, as his bladder continued to bulge further outwards. The pressure was still immense and giving up on decorum, Chris unzipped his jeans and pulled down his boxers to below his abdomen. Finally his bladder could bulge out fully, relieved from all external pressures. Ah, that felt slightly better. 9.8/10 may be. He will take any relief he can get. He would pee on a plant, if Karen had a plant. Or a litter box, if she had a cat. But fuck, he had to hold on. And thinking of peeing was just making it worse. Ok, just 2 minutes. He can do 2 minutes.

However 2 minutes later, Karen still hadn't opened the door, and Chris's urge was increasing every second. As a last resort he allowed his hands to snake inside his boxers, tugging at his member, trying to calm his bladder. He was bent double, and his penis was going numb from how tightly he was clutching the base, trying to physically pinch his urethra shut. Oh, he was so close to relief! Why did Karen have to hog the bathroom?

As Karen continued hogging the bathroom, the pressure inside Chris built back up to 10/10. He was jiggling his legs, massaging his cock, gently holding up his uber heavy bladder, hopping from foot to foot - absolutely anything to hold on just a few minutes longer. Oh why hadn't he gone and peed before? Why hadn't he refused to leave the line in the afternoon, admitting his need to relief?

He really needed to get in there. How long does it take to put on make up? As his bladder gave another fierce push, he knocked the door again.

"Will it be much longer?" - he had meant for it to come out playfully, meant to add something funny about how long women took to get ready. But it came out as a desperate plea, and he stopped talking as another wave of desperation passed over his body, completely drenching his thick cotton boxers. Karen didn't even deign to respond. He pushed a finger against his pee-hole, trying to physically block his bladder's escape route. It wouldn't work much longer, but it was something.

He continued stroking his length, hoping a hardening dick would provide some distraction, some reduction of urgency. But his body was fully occupied with the extraordinary pressure in his lower abdomen, the painfully full bladder begging for release. It couldn't focus on anything else. He was literally trembling in desperation as wave after wave crashed against his spinchter. Tears started forming in his eyes from the sheer effort and pain of holding the flood back.

He thought Karen was moving around inside, a faint groan? May be she was finally done with her make-up and taking her supposedly fiercely needed piss. Anyone who could think of makeup or anything else while supposedly needing a piss simply didn't know what true desperation felt like, Chris thought bitterly. He was hanging on the edge of control, seconds from losing it all on the floor - and here she was still hogging the bathroom. For makeup!

As another small leak escaped, Chris closed his eyes and prayed - what else could he do?

*034*2019-01-20 13:55

Part-7: In Which Karen's Karma Strikes

(aka in which I finally fulfill @SAM996

's prompt - "A woman, most likely a mother, decides for the safety of her child to baby proof everything in the house. Of course this backfires when she needs to use the bathroom and can't open the child proof lock on the toilet)

As Karen fumbled with her lipstick, her bladder screamed for immediate relief. It was 7:25pm, and she hadn't peed since 12noon. This has to be the longest she has gone without a piss - no wonder her bladder was about to burst. She had drank a shit ton too - 2 can of beers (1000mL), 2 glasses of wine (350mL) and 1 of water (250mL). That's like 1.5 litres of liquid - and she didn't exactly have the largest of bladders.

She shoved a hand under her dress and pushed against her pee-hole, trying to buy a few more minutes of time. Chris was there outside the door, begging for relief and she really really wanted to deny it to him. But in the 10 minutes she had put on her makeup, her own bladder had firmly entered the 10/10 territory.

She had kept her legs pretzeled throughout, frequently grabbing her crotch as waves of desperation hit. But even pressing directly against her pee-hole was providing scant relief. There was a dull ache in her lower abdomen, and sharp jolt of pain passed through her rock hard bladder as at least a litre of piss crashed against her spinchter, trying to force a way through.

She couldn't wait a second longer. Putting her lipstick back in it's pouch, she allowed a hand to sneak inside her cotton panties, stroking her labia, putting pressure against her pee-hole. Ah, that felt a little better. She hunched forward as she walked towards the toilet, pleasure coursing through her body in anticipation of letting this painful ball of piss out.

That was till she tried to lift the lid - her toilet was baby-proofed, just like the rest of her house. As anyone looking to bring a baby in to the house should do. But at this crucial moment that child lock was keeping her out of her own toilet.

She couldn't stop a spurt escaping - her body had been primed for immediate relief. The shock of being denied caused her to leak all over her hands and panties, a tennis ball size wet patch developing on the back of her dress. As the warmth spread over her hand, still clutching her crotch, trying to stop any more leaks, she realized Karma really is a Bitch.

Here she had been, pushing her body to the limit, crossing and uncrossing her legs, hopping from foot to foot, doing everything in her power to deny the even more desperate man outside the door access to the toilet. And now she couldn't use it herself.

A sharp wave of pain jolted her bladder, as she used every bit of her will power to stop leaking. Her panties were soaked through - but clenching every single muscle in her body she managed to stop before it turned into a flood. However the comparatively miniscule amount of pee that had escaped seemed to simply increase her desperation.

She continued pulling at the lid, fiddling with the lock, trying to gain access to that much coveted toilet - but to no avail. She had to hunch forward, thighs pressed together, to hold back the next wave. She knew she didn't have much time. She was at a 10/10, holding more than she has ever held before. She had to find a way to relieve herself!

Karen pushed both hands back inside her panties, clutching herself as a particularly strong wave of desperation hit her. She bent double, as pain pulsed out from her rock hard bladder. A groan escaped her as her desperation increased to a level she didn't imagine possible. She had thought she was bursting when she started her make-up, but that was nothing compared to now. Keeping one hand firmly fingering her down there, she tried to open the lock again. It refused to budge. Oh, how badly she needed relief! And she needed it fucking now!

She looked around her bathroom, trying to think of an alternate place to let her load out. There was the shower cubicle - but it was so tiny, she doubted she would have space to squat. She would probably get pee all over her bathroom floor. Gross. And what would Chris think? She definitely wouldn't have time to clean up before he actually swallowed his pride and begged to be let in. Then there was the sink - but it was so tall, and set deep in a stone counter. She would probably lose control just trying to climb it, and flood her bathroom instead. Oh, only if she were a man - she could have aimed at the shower outlet and let it rip.

The thoughts of letting it rip weren't helping in the slightest. She had to push both hands against her crotch to keep the next wave of desperation at bay. Her entire body was pretzeled, trying to contain her bulging bladder. But she was running out of time. As she gave yet another unsuccessful tug on the lid, her spinchter gave out again. She could feel the drops of pee making it's way through her urethra, rolling towards the exit - and she knew there was plenty more where that came from.

Desperate times call for desperate means, she decided. Hunched forwards, hands firmly against her crotch, she started taking small steps towards the door, stopping every two steps to let her bladder settle. Each step was swishing all the contents of her bladder, causing a few drops to dribble on the floor, her body screaming at her for walking away from a toilet. But she needed help. She had to do this!

*047*2019-01-23 12:27

{{On 1/20/2019 at 7:50 PM, daisyduke said:

This story is so great, I love double desperation its one of my favorite things to read.

}}

{{On 1/21/2019 at 3:08 AM, PERVasive said:

I don't enjoy male desperation by itself usually, but I like the combined male/female partner desperation.

}}

{{On 1/21/2019 at 10:31 AM, Ghostblade913 said:

You know I have to agree with you on this point. I avoid male desperation whenever possible but I adore a setting where a male and female pees themselves though I still avoid the male it makes the female wetting spicier in my opinion

}}

Yay, I'm glad to know there are many of you who enjoy the double desperation aspect Honestly, it started out as a compromise between what I like and wanted to write (male) and what majority of folks on this site like and I assumed they wanted to read (female). But it has grown on me - I must admit I enjoy double desperation almost as much as male desperation now

{{On 1/20/2019 at 10:25 PM, SAM996 said:

You did a good job with the one I recommended. Thanks for doing it.

}}

You're very welcome Thanks for letting me know that you liked it!

{{On 1/21/2019 at 1:44 AM, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thank you for commenting on each and every chapter! You are awesome!

{{On 1/21/2019 at 2:40 AM, Wombat48 said:

Can’t wait for the next Chris instalment! Could feel every inch of his desperation!

}}

Sorry to have kept you waiting - real life's a chore sometimes ... The last part will be up in an hour or less Hope you enjoy the conclusion ...

{{On 1/21/2019 at 3:42 AM, ola93 said:

You do realize you can't just sustitute U.S. units with international units and expect your calculations to remain correct, do you? The math you did with the amounts they drank makes zero sense.

}}

Where did I use the imperial system? I was pretty sure I used SI throughout * thinking face * Unless you count cups and glasses as 'US units', in which case America doesn't have a monopoly on 'em or their sizes [Also, yes, I do realize units aren't fungible - had to suffer through a whole chapter belaboring precisely that point in middle school ]

{{On 1/21/2019 at 5:22 AM, XxSpyroFanxX said:

I'm probably a rare example of someone who prefers male over female. XD

}}

Happy to meet a fellow male desperation fan!

{{On 1/21/2019 at 2:54 AM, ♡~Nikolai~♡ said:

Meh. You're right. Too much male desperation in dis one.

}}

*Scratches chin* How 'bout you imagine Chris as a woman? Anyhoo thanks for sticking with it I guess Unfortunately for you, the last chapter is gonna have quite a bit of male content too *shrugs*

{{On 1/21/2019 at 3:09 AM, drenna said:

We're well aware that you're not a fan of male desperation, no need to reiterate...I'm sure you don't mean anything by it, but it could be seen as a bit rude that you continually comment that you don't like the male content on a post that is tagged with male content

}}

Thank you for standing up for me!

*048*2019-01-23 12:42

Part-8: In Which the Bladders Win

(aka THE END)

Chris opened his eyes as he heard the door open. Finally! He was beyond embarrassment - he knew he couldn't afford to remove the hand pinching his urethra closed, no matter what Karen thought about a grown man unable to control his bladder. He was absolutely bursting, and now, finally, he could have his relief.

As he moved towards the door, he noticed the grimace of pain on Karen's face, and the hand shoved under her dress. And then he heard her, and his heart sank as another leak escaped his death grip, leaving a tiny wet patch on his jeans.

"Please help me. I couldn't open the child lock on the toilet." Karen begged in a strained voice.

Oh fuck, great. He just wanted to piss. A sink, a trash can, anything would do. He was bent double from the pressure, and his bladder would simply burst any second now. And yet, here was Karen begging for help.

He shuffled in after her, frantically looking around for a place to pee. He couldn't think straight. The lock seemed stuck at a weird angle, but he needed to reduce the pressure in his abdomen before he could think about anything but pissing like a race horse. As another wave of desperation racked his body, he clutched his cock tighter, using the other hand to block his pee-hole in a valiant attempt to keep it all in. Neither of them was in a position to close the door.

A whimper of pain escaped him, as he felt the pee rushing through his urethra again. Almost unconsciously, he removed his dick from his boxers, just as a 2 second jet of pee burst out of him and on the floor. At least that saved his jeans. His body was in rebellion, refusing to hold on a second more.

"Karen, I can't think. I need to piss, right now. I'm so sorry - I'll burst all over your bathroom floor if I take a hand off my cock to try that lock"

"Please Chris? I'm bursting too! I haven't peed since noon!" Karen responded as she pee danced in front of the closed toilet.

"I haven't peed since 9am" Chris managed to utter in a strangled voice, as he desperately looked around for an alternate place to pee. "I have been desperate for a piss since 5! I just can't wait a second more."

Karen's spinchter was about to give up from the pressure. Oh this was so unfair! Why did men get to pee when women didn't? She watched with envy as Chris made his way to the shower stall. He did look like he was at the end of his rope - he had just leaked all over her bathroom floor, leaving a trail of yellow for chrissake. But knowing he was in a worse state didn't help her situation. Keeping one hand massaging her pussy, she tried to open the lock again.

Just then, she heard a loud hiss, and shoved the hand right back in, crossing her legs tighter in the bargain. Chris was pissing a thick stream in to the shower exit - the piss frothing and dark yellow, bursting out of his dick. Even as she crossed her legs tighter, she was mesmerized. Her own bladder relaxed in sympathy, and her panties could soak no more. A gush of pee hit the floor as another whimper escaped her. She managed to stop before she completely flooded her floor, but she knew the next one would be her last one. Tears of pain and embarrassment filled her eyes as she seriously considered just letting it all go.

Chris came to his senses at the whimper. He had barely peed for 15s, but he forced himself to stop. He must help Karen. His bladder was still rock hard and bulging outwards, in spite of the strong jet of pee that had rushed out of him the moment he positioned himself inside the shower stall. But he could hold on now - he had to. He had been shameless enough already.

Apologizing profusely he moved towards the toilet again - "I really really couldn't wait a second longer. My eye balls are still floating. Sorry"

Karen was now bent double, focusing every bit of her strength on holding on. She could see Chris bending over the toilet, working the lock with both hands. She kept massaging herself, hoping to hold on, praying Chris opens it soon. Watching the waterfall spray out of Chris had excited her enormously, as had his confession of having been bursting for more than 2 hours - that was helping reduce the urgency a bit - but only a little bit. She wouldn't last more than a minute, if that - she just knew. She had never needed to pee this badly in her life! Oh, why had she not just gone and peed before? She couldn't even enjoy Chris's desperation! All she could think of was her own bladder.

As Karen felt her spinchter giving up, urine rushing out against her will, Chris managed to open the lock. Apparently two hands is what it took. Karen rushed forward as soon as she heard the sound of the lock opening. Chris was straightening up, probably preparing to finish what he started in the shower, but Karen pushed him aside. "Wetting myself" was all she could say as explanation. She just about managed to position herself over the bowl as pee gushed out of her bladder with enormous force. She didn't even have time to remove her hands from her crotch - her spinchter refusing to hold on any more.

As Karen's gusher hit the water, Chris could feel his spinchter giving out too. Just the sound of someone's relief was too much for his poor overworked bladder. He didn't even have time to go back to the shower stall - it was coming out right now.

"Open your legs wider" he commanded, as he concentrated all his physical and mental powers on delaying the flood for a second more. No time for explanations.

Thankfully Karen didn't need any - she could see his eye balls floating and knew what was coming. As she opened her legs wider, she shifted slightly back on the toilet seat, leaving a small gap at the front, and prayed Chris had a good aim.

Chris barely got time to aim as his bladder just exploded, but he still managed to direct his stream in to the toilet bowl. The water foamed and frothed, as their streams merged, both of them moaning in relief as their long abused muscles relaxed. For the first 30s, all Karen could focus on was her own relief, the pain subsiding, her dress no longer feeling tight around her abdomen. As her stream reduced to a trickle, she paid attention to the man hunched over her, still releasing a thick golden stream. His bladder was still bulging outwards, but it looked much smaller now. Karen watched with fascinated arousal as the man continued pissing on full force, finally letting all the pent up pee out. He had definitely been holding an enormous amount!

Chris continued peeing out a strong and noisy stream for a good minute longer after Karen was done. He was still hunched over, a look of pure bliss on his face, eyes closed, as his bulge gradually disappeared. All Karen could think of was how hot he looked, pissing up a storm.

Finally, even Chris's bladder was empty, and his cheeks flushed in embarrassment. The water level in the toilet was almost up to Karen's bum - both of them clearly having held way more than they ever did before. There were puddles of pee all over the bathroom floor - from both of them. But at least most of the flood had made it in to the toilet. These, these could be cleaned up with a tissue.

Woah, this had turned out to be some introduction. And it was a shame - he had really liked Karen. But after this, he could never look her in the eye again.

To his surprise however, a shy request was uttered as he finally straightened up, his abdomen feeling so much lighter - "Can I kiss you?". "After we clean up, of course" Karen added with a nervous laugh.

Well, looked like they would be looking each other in the eyes again after all.

