Em’s discomfort

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2024-11-26 21:29

Emma felt an urgent pressure building in her stomach as she walked down the narrow hallway toward the office bathroom. Her legs were stiff as she tried to keep her stride steady, her boots tapping lightly against the tile floor. The soft hum of fluorescent lights overhead did nothing to ease the growing discomfort. She checked the clock on the wall—only ten more minutes until her next meeting. She needed to get to the bathroom. Now.

Her fingers gripped the door handle to the ladies’ room, but just as she reached for it, the door flew open.

“Sorry, coming through!” Bobby, the office’s overly energetic graphic designer, barreled out of the bathroom, bumping into her shoulder with his usual unapologetic pace. He barely spared her a glance as he jogged toward the breakroom.

Emma froze, her hand still outstretched toward the door, her heart sinking. She bit her lip, stomach churning. No, no, no, she thought, her pulse quickening. She could feel the urgency grow worse, a sharp twinge that made her stomach twist.

Her first instinct was to turn and chase him down, to tell him to hurry up. But that was absurd. Bobby had no sense of urgency. He’d take his sweet time, like always, and he wouldn’t even notice her in the first place.

With a defeated sigh, Emma glanced around, her eyes darting toward the small group of coworkers gathered near their desks just outside the bathroom. The office was unusually busy today—people chatting in low murmurs, tapping away at keyboards, gathering around the coffee machine. The breakroom was a few steps away. She’d be the subject of awkward glances if she stood there by the door, waiting. They’d think I’m weird, she reasoned, her cheeks flushing just at the thought.

She shifted uncomfortably on her feet. I can’t just wait here. But I can’t go anywhere else…

Her mind raced with the possibilities, but none of them were viable. She wasn’t about to knock on the door. The thought of it made her cringe. The idea of standing outside the bathroom, waiting like some anxious fool, felt unbearable. What if someone took the stall before her? What if Bobby emerged and someone else went in just as she was about to?

Don’t panic, she told herself, but her body refused to cooperate. She clenched her hands into fists at her sides, then relaxed them, then crossed her arms over her stomach in a failed attempt to ease the tension. Every second felt like an eternity.

Reluctantly, she turned away from the bathroom door. Her heels clicked in rhythm against the floor as she made her way to her desk, but each step felt like it weighed a ton. Her bladder was a drum, pounding in time with the pressure in her lower abdomen. By the time she arrived at her desk, she wasn’t sure whether she was shaking from nervousness or discomfort. She sat down quickly, glancing over her shoulder. The bathroom door was still closed.

“Just relax,” Emma murmured under her breath. She tapped her foot in an erratic beat, her body unable to settle. Her arms were crossed tightly over her stomach, gripping herself as if she could somehow will the discomfort away.

She clicked her mouse, willing her computer to turn on faster. The slow whir of the machine was maddening. Come on, she thought, biting her lip. You can do this. It’s just a bathroom. Just wait a little longer.

But waiting wasn’t easy. Her thoughts kept spiraling out of control. The loud buzz of office chatter only made her more aware of how out of place she felt. Everyone seemed so absorbed in their own tasks. No one else was worried about the bathroom. But Emma couldn’t help it. She wasn’t like them. She couldn’t just be okay with standing around waiting.

What if Bobby takes too long? she thought, her leg bouncing anxiously now. She drummed her fingers on the desk, trying to distract herself from the discomfort, but it only made it worse.

Her computer screen finally blinked to life, but the slow process of loading programs felt like it was taking an eternity. She stared at the screen, hoping it would do something to distract her, but her thoughts were still trapped in the same loop.

What if someone goes in before me? What if Bobby’s in there for an hour? I can’t hold this much longer…

She let out a sharp breath. Her foot stopped tapping for a moment before it began again, faster now, as if her body was physically trying to shake out the nerves. She uncrossed her arms and then immediately crossed them again, rubbing her hands over the top of her black sweater, as if it could somehow soothe her frantic energy. But it didn’t. Nothing did.

She glanced back toward the bathroom door, as if willing it to open. The second she caught a glimpse of someone heading in that direction, her heart skipped a beat. Please don’t be Bobby. Please don’t be Bobby.

It wasn’t Bobby. It was Lila from accounting, walking briskly past her and toward the bathroom with purpose. Emma's stomach flipped. It was as if time itself slowed down as Lila neared the door. Emma’s throat tightened. She wanted to shout, to rush forward and make sure Lila didn’t beat her to the bathroom. But she just sat there, paralyzed by indecision.

The sound of a nearby conversation—someone talking about the latest project—faded into the background as Emma’s thoughts consumed her. What if someone else takes the bathroom? What if I have to wait even longer? What if Bobby’s in there, just sitting, not caring?

She squeezed her eyes shut for a brief moment, trying to calm her racing thoughts, but it was no use. The clock on the wall seemed to mock her, ticking too loudly as the minutes dragged on. She could feel the weight of it—the pressure, the impatience, the endless anxiety—all of it building up inside her.

Her foot resumed tapping, quicker now, her arms pressed tight against her stomach as she waited.

And waited.

And waited

