Please don't pee, Nagatoro-san

Author: Maniack

*000*2020-11-20 17:20

(fanfic of Ijiranaide, Nagatoro-san)

Nagatoro was spending her afterschool day much like she usually does: teasing Senpai. The pair were sitting in the art room as they usually did, Nagatoro sipping on some tomato juice while Senpai was staring intently at a bowl of fruit, a palette of paint sitting on a small table next to him, and a canvas in front. Nagatoro was kicking her feet a little bit while sitting on a chair, watching Senpai intently as he held a paint brush in front of him, judging distance. She stayed patient for all of a couple of minutes before she decided that no way was she going to sit here just watching Senpai paint today. She felt the need to do what she does best: tease him.

Like a cat sneaking up on her prey, Nagatoro silently began striding up to her prey. He was too focused on the canvas in front of him to notice the predator over his shoulder. Jumping on her prey, Nagatoro put her hands on Senpai’s shoulders, causing him to jump in his seat and let out a small shout as Nagatoro began to speak.

“Senpai~~” Nagatoro began, watching Senpai flinch just a little bit as she touched him.

“You’re using paints when you just sketch with pencil most of the time and you’re wasting it on fruit? Boooring Senpai! I thought you were an artist not some caterpillar looking for his next meal!” She said, putting her fingers on her head and wiggling them about like antennae.

“W-Well… I couldn’t find a more interesting subject, and still life paintings are a classic exercise. I h-haven’t done one in a while, and it’s good to sharpen my skills with something like this.”

Nagatoro shook her head at the poor, poor Senpai sitting in front of her. She walked over to the bowl of fruit sitting on the stool, grabbed the apple sitting there, and sunk her fangs into it, taking out a large bite of the fruit. After swallowing the bite, she gave Senpai a very smug grin.

“Senpai, for someone who’s as big of a pervert as you are, I’m surprised you didn’t think of the most obvious solution!” As Senpai began to stutter out something to protest being called a pervert, Nagatoro swooped in for the kill. “Paint me! You still haven’t done a proper painting of me, every other one you’ve done has been incomplete, or that president of yours called shoddy! It’s time to show her what you can really do!” Nagatoro Continued, waving her arms to punctuate her point.

“And lucky for you Senpai, I’ll even let you pick what pose you draw me in!” Nagatoro said, leaning forward and giving Senpai a cock-eyed smirk. As she said that, she began unbuttoning her top a bit. “I’m wearing my swimsuit again today if you want—“ She said before getting interrupted by Senpai waving his hands and looking away.

“I-I don’t want to draw that. I think a good pose would be s-sleeping.”

“You’re gross Senpai! You want to see my sleeping face? Are you thinking what it’d be like to sleep near me Senpai? That’s gross!”

“N-No! I just think that I always see you moving around, and it’d be n-nice to paint you in a calmer situation.” Senpai replied, half avoiding looking at Nagatoro.

Nagatoro took another chomp out of the juicy apple, thinking to herself and blushing a slight bit before answering.

“I did have a long day today, I could use a bit of a nap!” Nagatoro said before flopping down on the couch, putting a pillow behind her head, putting her knees up a little bit and getting comfortable.

“Is this pose good Senpai?” Nagatoro asked, giving a bit of a smug look at Senpai, who just gave a nod with a nervous smile as he grabbed his paints, and began to get to work. Nagatoro was glad to do this. However much she teased Senpai, she always loved it when he drew her, and after the past couple of days of the swim club, she was tired. This looked like an excellent time for her to get some rest, while getting a nice painting for her to look back on. She felt a bit of a pang in her bladder as she began drifting to sleep, but didn’t end up doing anything about it as her consciousness drifted away.

After having a nice short dream about teasing Senpai more, Nagatoro awoke with a feeling of pressure in her lower abdomen. After opening her eyes for a brief moment she quickly closed them again, not wanting Senpai to notice her awake. She knew that Senpai having the courage to draw her like this was a rare event, she couldn’t interrupt this! Once the painting is done she’d have all the more to tease him about! Thankfully, Senpai didn’t notice this. Though she felt a strong need to pee, Nagatoro resolved herself to waiting until Senpai finished his drawing. She could definitely hold it long enough. She occasionally spied on Senpai through the smallest openings in her eye, and could make out how every once in a while he’d look up and take a look at her, an intense look in his eyes, before going back to painting for a couple of minutes.

Nagatoro continued to lie on the bed, still but comfortable, as her need to pee continued to build with strength. She felt a strong desire to cross her legs or squeeze her thighs together, but resisted it with a great might, not wanting to alert Senpai to her being awake. In order to try and combat the desperation growing within her, Nagatoro tried to fill her mind with dry thoughts.For a while, thinking of hot summer days and faraway deserts was enough to help her keep in control, but soon the rain clouds began rolling into the landscapes, bringing summer thunderstorms and some much needed precipitation to the dry desert. Unfortunately for Nagatoro, her mind was not actually a dry desert and no amount of metaphor would stop her bladder from filling.

She continued to rack her mind for any solution to her problem, but each one was stopped in its tracks by an even greater desire: she wanted this painting to be complete. In some of the secret glances she gave Senpai as he glanced at the canvas she could tell Senpai, was dead focused on this project, and putting all his effort into it. It seems that a direct request, along with Senpai’s growing courage has inspired him to put his all into this. This fervor in drawing was leading to a direct detriment to Nagatoro however.

As the pressure grew, it became more and more difficult to hold her flow. Being unable to do anything to stop the urges other than mental power was draining her strength. Whenever the urge became greater her hips and thighs would quiver as she clenched the muscles in her lower half to keep the flow held back. Nagatoro wanted little more than to squeeze her thighs together, hold herself, or anything to help her hold, but she restrained herself, leaving her in a constant state of twitching and miniscule wiggles as she continued to persevere, and keep more or less a consistent position.

As she continued to lie there, eyes closed, focusing on holding back her much-needed release, she could feel her concentration she’d held for who knows how long slip, just for a moment, as her mind momentarily traveled away from her predicament. Though momentary, when she snapped back into attention she could feel her crotch growing damp. Through an impressive amount of will she managed to immediately shut off the flow before anything could escape the confines of her swimsuit, and still hardly move an inch. Nagatoro knew now this was a warning sign, and if she didn’t do something very soon no amount of willpower would overpower the forces of nature forcing her pee out.

Her mind rapidly searched for solutions. As badly as she wanted to pee, she wanted to see the painting finished even more so, and so she immediately denied any idea that would require her to leave. This left her with few options. She could try simply letting it out, but while her swimsuit would escape any damage, her skirt and shirt underneath her most definitely would not. Eventually she remembered an important detail: the couch she was laying on was of supreme durability and cleanability. Perhaps lending to the couch being in a school, while not necessarily comfortable, it was very easy to clean, no matter the mess.

One time when her friends invaded the art room in an attempt to get on her and Senpai’s nerves, Yoshi had spilled some grape juice all over the couch. Though normally a death sentence for cushions, Senpai said that the cushion could simply be rinsed and dried with no ill effects. With this fact coming forward in her mind, She soon hatched what she thought was an ingenious plan: When Senpai wasn’t looking at her, she could secretly reach her hand towards her crotch, and stealthily pull aside her swimsuit to let out her piss onto the cushions. Her profile would not be disturbed, and it would simply absorb into the cushion. After Senpai finished with the art she could very easily shoo him out and clean up the mess she was about to make.

Nagatoro resolved herself to this “brilliant” idea, and began watching Senpai for when he looked away. In the meantime she continued to wiggle, twitch, and quiver in her nearly undetectable way. Though she kept her focus, she could feel another small trickle escape from her, re-dampening her swimsuit and threatening to dampen her skirt as well, causing her to lift her hips up from the couch slightly in desperation. Her filling reservoir of pee was threatening to break her dam before she could even fulfill her plan, but thankfully after a long bit of study, Senpai turned back to the easel.

Taking this golden opportunity, Nagatoro snaked the hand that was blocked from sight down her side to her skirt, pulling one side up so she could get easier access to her inner thighs, before carefully aligning her fingers over her crotch. As she did this she could feel the river begin to rage down the tunnel, and as she quickly pulled aside the material covering her cloth, her fingers were briefly sprayed before she could fully clear her entrance.

The relief was incredible as an arc of pee burst forth from her crotch and flew across the couch. As she emptied herself her forceful stream threatened to spray beyond the couch and splash onto the floor beneath. Nagatoro silently sighed in relief as her pee sprayed forward from her, landing onto the couch cushion’s blue fabric with a quiet splashing before soaking in. The whole affair was nearly silent aside from the softest of hissing and splashing as she continued to pee. She only had a couple of good seconds of relief however before she could see Senpai lifting up his eyes again. In a panic, she let go of her swimsuit crotch before she could stop her stream, causing some errant spray as her stream was interrupted by the piece of cloth flying back into place. She could feel her swimsuit and skirt quickly began to fill with her pee as her release continued. Thankfully she was able to stop before her skirt began to suffer further damage.

As anyone that's tried to stop mid-pee could have told her, stopping her stream was even more difficult than holding had been. She couldn’t help but wiggle and lift her hips up as she tried with all of her might to not resume before Senpai looked away. She could feel momentary spurts releasing as she begged internally for Senpai to look back to his painting. Thankfully he soon looked back to his painting, and with incredible speed Nagatoro’s hand went back to her crotch and peeled aside her wet swimsuit, once again her hand getting wet as her pee burst forth before she could fully expose her crotch. An even more forceful arc took to the skies, Nagatoro had to quickly rein in her pee when heard a small splash as her arc went beyond the confines of the couch and ever so briefly splashed onto the ground. Senpai continued to add to his painting, thankfully unaware of the flood escaping from in between Nagatoro’s thighs.

Nagatoro shivered in relief as she continued her long awaited pee, and couldn’t help but let out a sigh as she could feel and see her bladder draining in front of her. This time her relief was not interrupted for a good 15 seconds as the cushion in front of her took on more and more liquid, thankfully being able to hold enough to not be visible no matter how much she let out. As Senpai began lifting his sight again, Nagatoro was able to release her swimsuit and close off the flow at the same time this time, so no further moisture made its way onto her hands or into her swimsuit.

Even after having let out so much, she still felt as if she were a balloon threatening to pop. She could feel her nethers still twitching in desperation, resentful at having been stopped partway through, but the desperation was less intense than before, giving her a chance to regain control. Coming back to her senses a bit, she began to grow embarrassed, but decided that she had to let out the rest no matter what, she already let out so much into the couch, and in case this continued to go on she didn’t want to have to go through the same trials again.

When next Senpai looked back at his art for a long period of time, Nagatoro once again shifted her swimsuit, and this time without spraying her hand began peeing again. This time a more gentle, controlled arc sprayed from her, and continued to fill her with relief as she emptied her bladder. As her tank emptied, she could see the stream growing weaker, threatening to fall on her skirt. Nagatoro focused, and pushed out the last few spurts of pee with as much force as she could manage, hoping the spurts cleared her skirt enough to not leave any visible damage.

Having finally emptied herself, Nagatoro went back to her rest, sneakily peeking to see if Senpai was reacting at all, and trying not to let any sign of what just occurred be noticed. The only other sensation Nagatoro felt was the cooling of her crotch as the pee dried. Thirty minutes passed without event before Senpai finally sighed, and spoke.

“N-Nagatoro-san, I’m done”. Hearing this, Nagatoro opened her eyes, yawned and stretched as she sat up straight, stealing a glance to see if the pee-soaked cushion showed much sign of it, and thankfully there was minimal visible evidence.

“Well couldn’t you have taken just a bit longer? I was almost done with my nap!” Nagatoro teased, trying best to hide her embarrassment of the action.

“Now all that’s left is to let it dry. S-Should we walk home?” Senpai said, moving to a sink to let his utensils soak. With a nod from Nagatoro as she stayed seated, Senpai gathered up his stuff, and began moving out. As soon as he was in front of her, Nagatoro followed, stealing a glance at her butt to catch the small wet spots that found its way near her rear. As they left, Nagatoro knew she had to make an excuse to get back to clean up her mess. As they walked a bit, Nagatoro feigned surprise.

“Ah! I forgot I have some swim club things I need to clean up, you go ahead Senpai!” Nagatoro said as she began back walking back, not letting Senpai see her rear. After he nodded and looked away, Nagatoro turned and ran back to the art room. She quickly grabbed something to mop up the small spray that she had overshot before, and after that moved over to the cushion. Lifting it up it was heavier than expected, no doubt from all the pee it was holding in it. The cushion was dripping slightly as she lifted it and brought it to one of the large sinks in the art room to rinse it.

After doing so she found a good spot to let it dry, and resolved to get to school early tomorrow to make sure no one was any the wiser. Giving a relieved sigh as she escaped her predicament, Nagatoro decided now was a good time to go to the bathroom and wipe herself and her swimsuit down a bit. As she left, she stole a glance at the painting still sitting. It captured the peace that Nagatoro wished she was feeling that entire time. And thankfully no pee was drawn in the painting.

Nagatoro couldn’t help but smile. It was a really good painting.

(Let me know if you have any suggestions to improve)

