University Accidents (Emma, Isabella, Maddy, Charlotte and Olivia)

Author: MiraOMO

*000*2020-02-25 22:44

PREFACE

This story follows five girls (Emma, Isabella, Maddy, Charlotte, Olivia), and there accidents & games at university. I’ve been planning for a while…so have a fair few ideas.

This is my first Fan Fiction, and I'd love to hear any feedback. Good and bad.

###

CHAPTER 1 - Olivia's Secret

It all started one Friday night in the flat kitchen- it was the only communal the area they had. The girls had a second floor flat in their uni halls. And with Emma and Isabella at the gym for the evening, Maddy, Charlotte and Olivia had the flat to themselves. Charlotte was the tallest (5"8), just , followed by Maddy (5"7.5). They both had slim figures, and got a lot of guy attention. Charlotte was wearing a gold dress, with heels, showing off her athletic physique and had long brown hair.

Whilst Maddy was wearing silver dress - which was ‘literally’ shining. Her hair was jet black. Olivia was lot shorter (5"4) , and was petit. She often got jealous of the other two's constant guy attention and had been plotting revenge, ‘so to speak’. Olivia, who was probably the smartest, knew she could get Maddy and Charlotte into her scheme, they were both quite ‘ditsy' after all. Olivia had wavy/curly strawberry blonde hair. Olivia had often thought that Charlotte and Maddy could've been long lost sisters. Olivia was wearing darkish blue skintight jeans, with a black top on, trying to flaunt her breasts, even though she knew it wouldn’t work with Charlotte and Maddy around.

The girls had started drinking and were chatting about their start to uni life, mainly about boys, and who they were interested in, or about how boring the lectures and seminars were. Neither had tried that hard or put much effort in their first assignment, but they'd planned this night out for afterwards as they felt they deserved it. It was shame all the girls weren’t there, Olivia thought. There was no real divide in the flat between the girls, but it was clear that Emma and Isabella were close, always going to the gym; and the same with Maddy, Charlotte and Olivia.

The girls were getting tipsy after an hour or so of drinking, it really didn't take long for Olivia, the girls knew that. She would even admit herself that she was a lightweight.

"We've got to get you another boy tonight Olivia," Maddy blurted out, her hand clutching her drink. In all honesty, Olivia wasn't too interested but went along with it anyway.

"Sure, lets do it" Olivia laughed, and the girls all clinked their drinks together.

Time was passing by and it was getting late; the girls were finishing their drinks. Olivia had been thinking about telling the girls her secret for a while - and tonight just felt like the right time. They were all pretty drunk and… Olivia was feeling confident for once. Olivia went and turned the music down and sat back with the girls.

"Can you keep a secret?" Olivia asked them both, franticly fidgeting with her hands under the table.

"Yeah course." Maddy replied. "We love you." Olivia wasn't sure if that was the booze talking or if she actually meant it.

"Spit it out" Charlotte said, in anticipation. Her eyes fixed on Olivia's.

"Oh, this is so embarrassing. So, the thing is...sometimes I enjoy wetting myself, and holding, you know...? When you're desperate and you and..." Olivia cut off.

Maddy and Charlotte's faces were stunned.

"Oh my god, Olivia what?.... That is embarrassing! ... so you wet your pants? what!?" Maddy said, still shocked.

"Wait, you have accidents...?" Charlotte asked, somewhat more polite than Maddy.

Olivia was instantly regretting the decision. 'Why did I sat that?' She thought. She could see behind Maddy’s and Charlotte's eyes they were disgusted. She tried to continue.

"It just....feels nice...sometimes." Olivia paused, "Sometimes it just turns me on I guess. Surely you've have close calls?" Olivia's eyes looked down.

"Wow, learn something new everyday. That's weird." Maddy butted in.

"So... have you 'wet yourslef' at uni?" Charlotte questioned.

Olivia looked back up. "Well...yeah...I guess so."

Maddy's eyes rolled, "Well thanks for telling us about your fetish, please don't pee on me anytime soon." Maddy thought about her close calls in school, but she'd always make it. I mean, she thought every girl 'just made it'.

Charlotte was also thinking about her long family car journey's, and how she’d had close calls, but 'Olivia actually liked it.'

Olivia got up from the table. "Fine, don't want to come out if you are just going to laugh at me." She slowly started heading towards the kitchen door.

"Nooo, don't go. Sorry." Maddy barked at Olivia, "We shouldn't have joked. May be we should make a chart..." Maddy swallowed, "you know like we have for boys...for your accidents."

"Stop messing with her." Charlotte butted in, and continued, "Ew, a wetting chart." She laughed to herself.

Olivia slowly stopped and turned back, she had an idea. "On one condition, we're all on the chart!?" Olivia smiled to herself.

"Hahaha...sure...not like we're the ones who like it" Maddy replied. Charlotte then nodded her head in agreement.

Olivia returned to the table, how she'd love to see one of the ‘pretty girls have an accident’, she thought to herself. "We should see tonight, who can hold it?" Olivia joked and turned to look at Maddy and Charlotte.

'Easy' Maddy though, "Haha, I'm in." She said with no hesitation. Both turned to look at Charlotte.

"What....fine then." Charlotte continued, "Please warn us when you're going to piss yourself though. Its a bit dirty."

The girls finished there drinks... and headed downstairs. "Oh, one more thing," Olivia said, "No peeing after 2am...just to make it interesting."

"Haha whatever," Charlotte said, not really thinking about it.

###

The club they'd headed too was busy and they'd only gone so Maddy could see James. James was her tinder boyfriend. They'd only been seeing each other for a week or two but were never apart. Olivia had always thought he was an attractive boy from his pictures, with his long blonde hair but wasn't really her type. No boy was her type to be honest, even after the freshers incident - but that was a secret for another day.

Charlotte had all the boy attention too, drinks appearing from nowhere; obviously Charlotte working her magic to get them. Olivia was grateful though, saved her a lot of money. Olivia looked down at her watch, it was 2:45am. She'd stopped drinking at 2am and knew that Maddy and Charlotte were too drunk to realise the time - they were still on the vodka cokes. Olivia couldn't lie to herself, she was really hoping one of them would 'embarress themselves'.

"Meet James," Maddy shouted. Olivia felt like she'd already met him from the amount of pictures she'd seen.

"Hey. Nice to meet you." Olivia shouted back, quickly joining the circle. She did, after all, enjoy letting her hair down.

More time had passed and Olivia finally got what she wanted. "I need the toilet," Charlotte said. Olivia didn't fully hear at first but quickly realised.

"Its nearly 3am, cut off was 2!!" Olivia snapped back.

'What the fuck...are we really doing this?" Charlotte was agitated and Olivia could barely hear her over the music.

"Haha yeah, why not? It's only a bit of fun." Olivia was enjoying herself. She knew it was more than a bit of fun, neither Charlotte and Maddy would want to have an accident. Olivia without even drinking since 2, was already getting desperate though.

"Won't be fun when you pee yourself" Charlotte laughed back, "But fine...whatever...let's play your silly game."

The girls left the club fifteen minutes laters. The breeze was cool but still warm enough for both Maddy and Charlotte to be in their dresses. Maddy's dress was still shining, even in the dark.

"Can't believe you didn't let me use the toilet." Charlotte remarked. She was trying to tell herself she was fine, but she was already quite desperate.

"Don't tell me you're going to have an accident too...?" Maddy replied. "I've been playing by the rules and I'm..." Before Maddy could finish, James was dragging her away. He quickly said his goodbyes and hurried away to catch up with his mates.

"I need to go." Olivia said when Maddy returned. "Can we get a taxi back?" Olivia really was desperate, pressing her thighs. She wasn’t sure if it was sweat, but it was definitely warm by her crotch.

"Fine..." Maddy replied. She signalled and a black cab pulled over.

Charlotte didn't want to say anything but she'd definitely just dribbled a little bit. She knew she was in trouble, she needed to get back.

###

The taxi back from the club seemed to take an eternity,"How much longer?" Charlotte asked.

"Two seconds love." He replied.

She recognised where they were and was overjoyed inside. The cab then hit the speed bump at the entrance to their accommodation. More dribbled out on to Charlotte's gold panties. She quickly realised they were wet. She'd been in this situation before, but only by herself, and she'd always made it. She had to regain her composure.

Olivia had already admitted to the girls in the taxi she was probably going to lose it. Her legs were crossed throughout the duration of the journey, and were bobbing up and down. Maddy wasn't giving any signs away, she could see the other girls were struggling. Although she was desperate and had definitely leaked a little going over the speed bump, but she was stubborn, and refused to lose.

They'd barely even made it to the outside door of the apartment when a long stream went down Olivia's legs, Maddy who was walking behind her saw her jeans go a darker shade of blue.

"Oh my god!! Olivia's pissing herself!" Maddy laughed, she twinged, her hand rushed to her crotch as she dribbled a bit. ‘Shit!’. She knew her thong was wet.

"Oh No" Olivia's mouth widened. They could all hear the hissing as Olivia was wetting her jeans. Her knees were pushed together and more streaks were forming down the front, side and back of her jeans. The hissing quietened but both Maddy and Charlotte were coming to terms with what they were seeing.

"Well, there you go....I've lost." Olivia looked defeated but laughed to herself, scanning the damage; she was soaked but she knew for the other girls to even contemplate having an accident, she'd have to lose this time to gain their trust.

The girls were still stood outside. "Can we go in now...I'm about to do the same. And this dress is expensive." Charlotte was reaching her limit. She’d reached her limit in the cab. She kept trying to hold it back but more little dribbles kept coming out. As they reached the entrance to Olivia's flat, she felt warmth on her upper legs. She was wetting herself. They rushed into the Olivia's ensuite bathroom. She didn't have time to keep composure now.

"FUCK FUCK FUCK, MOVE OLIVIA!" Charlotte demanded. Olivia had stumbled over in her wet jeans blocking Charlotte as she tried to rush past.

Olivia could see droplets running down Charlotte's long legs, and carefully hid a smile to herself. She'd actually managed to convince the girls into this game.

"FUCK, I ... Can't get the dress off!" Charlotte was pushing hard into her crotch, as hard as her hands could, but it was no use. Tears were rolling down her cheeks as she felt the warmth spread round to her bum and her thighs.

"FUCK, NO, I'm pissing my pants!" Charlotte bit her lip and felt like time froze as she stood there. Pee was racing through her gold panties, down her legs and staining her dress. She was wetting herself right in front of Olivia and Maddy. A huge puddle forming on the bathroom floor beneath her.

Charlotte was in shock, "Olivia...this is so your fault! What the fuck!” Her black heels were soaked and all she could feel was her gold panties stuck to her. She froze. She couldn’t think.

Olivia really did love the girls for playing but couldn't help but laugh to herself 'Pretty Charlotte's had an accident'.

Maddy who was stood at the door let out another laugh, and a leak in the process. "Oh my god Charlotte. So much for dirty, look at you!" She smiled, "I'm still dry".

"GUESS I WIN!" Maddy shouted, obviously lying!

Maddy had no idea how she'd held it as she rushed back into her bathroom. She pulled up her silver dress, and moved her thong to one side. Pee fired out of her...for a good minute. Her ears were ringing from the club and she could barely hear the splattering sound of pee as it hit the toilet. She sat and contemplated why she'd agreed to play the game after all. May be I can't hold my pee she thought to herself? Her white thong was wet, very wet...all the little dribbles had taken its toll. 'Fuck' she thought. 'I'm nineteen, can't be pissing my pants like those babies. At least I’m not like Charlotte’. She left her wet thong on the floor in the bathroom and looked at her phone. She quickly replied to a message from James before slipping a new pair of knickers on and a baggy t-shirt. Falling on her pillow; the world was spinning as she fell asleep.

###

Olivia was up first in the morning and whilst making breakfast, made the 'accident' chart. She added all the girls names, 'just in case' she thought. Adding a forward slash next to herself and Charlotte's. Watching Charlotte have an accident had really turned her on. She'd certainly gone to bed happy. Charlotte on the other had instantly stormed back into her room. She was devastated. She'd pissed herself for the first time ever, not counting her younger years. She striped off and showered before falling into a deep sleep, the moment of relief in Olivia’s playing over and over in her mind.

Emma and Isabella had been oblivious to it all but got all the gossip in the morning. Well more than just gossip, a full run through of the incident from Maddy. Maddy had explained how Charlotte was at the toilet but just starting peeing straight into her dress; she legit pissed herself at the toilet; although she kept out her end to the story - claiming her thong was dry.

Finally, Olivia then asked if Isabella and Emma wanted to participate and to Olivia's surprise, they both said yes. Both admitting they'd be fine... but Olivia knew deep down that was about to change. It had certainly been a night to remember for all the girls.

*003*2020-02-27 16:05

{{18 hours ago, Scalar said:

Great story, I hope you'll continue this soon

}}

Thanks!! Chapter 2 will be out very soon

{{12 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I am so loving this story so far

}}

Thanks for the support !!

Really enjoyed writing this new chapter.

Ps. This chapter contains messing!

CHAPTER 2 - Maddy’s First

Maddy was sat opposite Isabella, they’d headed to ‘Spoons’ to grab an early dinner and start drinking before going home to get changed. Then, they were off to James’ halloween party - both had been invited. Coincidently, Isabella was on James’ course, thats how she’d got her invite. Isabella was an average height for a girl, with an average waist. She’d only just started going to the gym, as Emma had convinced her during freshers week. She wouldn’t describe herself as naturally athletic though. And she had super long light brown hair with blonde highlights that she’d put in herself.

The girls had their outfits planned. Maddy would have a black playsuit on with fishnets, whilst Isabella would have a white playsuit on. Both having the respective coloured wings; apparently angels passed as halloween costumes nowadays. Isabella also wanted to wear a halo but Maddy wasn’t convinced.

“You can have black devil horns?…and I’ll wear my halo” Isabella said.

“You’re going to have to convince me…they’ll get stolen at the party anyways.” Maddy replied.

“Such a buzz kill.” Isabella quickly fired back. “And you should wear those knee high socks, they’re super cute!”

Maddy looked over, “Fine! I’ll do it! For you”.

Isabella cracked a smile and the girls both picked up their phones. James had promised Isabella that he’d introduce her to one of his ‘cute’ guy friends tonight at the party, she was excited. It wasn’t long before the food had arrived, both the girls had ordered some sort of spicy chicken with chips.

“This is hot!” Maddy remarked. Quickly sipping her water even though it was making no difference, the back of her mouth was still on fire.

“Telling me…” Isabella replied. “You know what they say, if it goes in hot, it comes out hot.”

Maddy crinkled her forehead and looked at Isabella. “Gross!” They both laughed at the remark.

Neither of the girls were checking the time and they’d been drinking for a good two hours without realising. It was the third ‘picture’ they’d shared and they were both evidently quite tipsy.

“Better get on again with James tonight,” Isabella blurted out whilst smirking.

“Haha, whatever…he’s hot…I’ll just…decide when I’m there.” Maddy replied. That reminded her to check her phone to see if he had replied to her last message.

“Oh shit, it’s getting late Isabella. We should get going. We’ve been in here over two hours.”

Maddy quickly stood up and felt her stomach rumble, “Wow, that chickens gone right through me.’

“I heard that.” Isabella laughed as she stood up. “We better get going going then.”

The girls grabbed their belongings and made a swift exit. Not that it concerned Maddy, but she couldn’t stop letting out little bits of gas. The combination of the drinks and the food wasn’t going down well in her stomach. 'That chicken really has gone through me’ she thought.

—-

The girls rushed home as they knew they were running late, quickly getting changed and spending as little time as possible on their make-up - still a good forty-five minutes though. There was no denying both girls had pulled off their outfits; Maddy flaunting her breasts and toned legs, and Isabella looking like a sexy chick from a girl group.

The girls grabbed their phones and left the flat. It was only a ten minute walk to James’, his house only a couple of streets away. Maddy was still having trouble with her stomach. She’d tried to go to the toilet when they got back but her bowels had other ideas and didn’t want to let anything out. She was still letting out little bits of gas as discretely as possible.

“Have you just farted?…that smells so bad.” Isabella said stumbling with a drink in her hand. She was clearly already drunk and the night had only just begun.

“I’m so sorry, I can’t stop…” Maddy said, laughing, “It’s that chicken from lunch.” Maddy quickly held up Isabella as she stumbled once again.

“At least I’m not your level of drunk…yet.” Maddy remarked.

They walked the short distance to the party and were greeted by James and his mates, immediately being passed more drinks. Maddy was dragged away by James quickly, leaving Isabella alone with some of his mates. Neither of the girls were enjoying the party ‘that much’, Isabella had been introduced to a few guys but none of them interested her. Although, one of them had remarked she was a little too drunk, which was definitely true.

Maddy on the other hand had been swiftly introduced to more of James’ mates before spending some alone time in his bedroom. Its not that she wasn’t enjoying herself, she just had other things on her mind. She must’ve been holding in her gas for over an hour, luckily for her Isabella had stumbled into the room - saying she was ‘too drunk, bored and wanted to get home’. It was music to Maddy’s ears.

Isabella’s bladder had been filling ever since she got to the party, it was filling and filling quick. She wasn’t overly worried but she did need to pee, and quite badly. She couldn’t seem to find a toilet in the house which was agitating her. Maddy didn’t know how much Isabella had drunk…but she knew, too much was the answer, and wanted to get her home as soon as possible.

On the flip side, Maddy was a little more worried, holding in her gas had made her need the toilet. ‘Only a ten minute walk home’ she thought. She for one, did not want to have an accident in front of Isabella, or, have to add a mark to her name on the accident chart.

—-

Maddy’s arms were tired, her legs were also tired. She’d been keeping Isabella upright for the whole of the walk home whilst keeping her own composure, letting out little bits of gas every five second or so. A new wave was hitting her though - she could feel the poop inside her, and it was ready to get out. She pushed ever so gently and luckily for her, it was just gas again.

‘Phew. I can hold it.’ She knew she didn’t have much longer, but the flat was insight now, ‘Finally’ She thought.

“Only the stairs to go,” Maddy Said. Isabella sighed.

“Come on then.” Isabella was a step ahead of Maddy.

Isabella was stumbling as she walked up to the door leading to the flat, she really had drank too much. She was completely unaware of Maddy’s predicament, and had to focus on her own. She’d heard about Charlotte’s accident and Olivia’s for that matter and she too, didn’t want one of her own. Not realising just how much she’d had to drink throughout the evening, she was now struggling to hold it.

The girls made there way up the stairs to the flat, Maddy thought the stairs may help her situation but they really didn’t. All the poop holding had made her need to pee, desperately. Like the night with Charlotte and Olivia, she darted her eyes from side to side nervously, and let out a little leak as she got to the top of the stairs; hoping it wouldn’t make any sound. ‘It’s only small droplets’ she told herself. She’d done it before.

That was the least of her problems though, releasing the pee had weakened her bowels, she couldn’t tense her bum any harder. The sudden realisation hit her, this poop inside her was on its way out now. She’d somehow gone over the edge after being so careful all night, she was on the verge of having huge accident. All she could think of was getting into her room, ‘SHIT SHIT, Not here, I need the fucking toilet’ she thought.

Isabella wasn’t in a much better state. She couldn’t think of anything worse than having an accident like Charlotte’s, the way Maddy had described it was terrible (it was all she could think about, she needed to get if off her mind) - but she was on the verge of one. Small droplets caressing her white panties with her every move.

The girls had finally reached the flat. “Night babe,” Isabella managed, as she stumbled down the corridor to her room. With every stumble, more longer leaks. Isabella was clenching her jaw, the pee had reached her bum. She could feel it on her bare legs. She was desperately trying to get to her room before Maddy would see anything.

“Night,” Maddy replied, “…Wait, babe?” Maddy’s eyes were drawn to something. She could just make out tiny little streaks falling below Isabella’s exposed bum. Maddy held a smile. Isabella was wetting herself. Maddy had seen it before when Charlotte was rushing into Olivia’s bathroom.

“Are you wetting yours…” Before Maddy could finish Isabella put her finger to her lips, making a ‘shhh’ sound, and quickly slid into her room and out of sight. Maddy knew that behind the door, Isabella would be franticly trying to get her white play suit off, what she didn’t know is that Maddy would be doing the same with her own.

Isabella darted into her ensuite, ripping off her playsuit with not a care in the world. She was breathing heavily and had somehow managed to regained some control. With no bra on, she was down to just her white panties. She was too drunk to care about them and just sat on the toilet…letting the pee run right through them. The panties getting instantly warm and sticking to her.

‘Fuck. Feels so good’ She thought. There was no denying the back of her thighs were wet, and some bigger spurts had run down her legs but she’d managed to escape the worst of it. Deep down she knew in the morning she’d have to add her accident to the chart, there was no getting away with it - luckily it had only been minor one.

Maddy on the other hand…closed the door to her room and rushed into her bathroom. She knew there was no point taking her black angel wings off. She didn’t have any time. There was already a log half way out her butt. She unzipped her play suit, revealing her large perky breasts.

She grabbed hold of one, and made an ‘O’ with her mouth as the first log broke off. She quickly put her hands against her bum (hoping this was a drunken dream) to see if this was really happening, it was. She’d just shit herself at nineteen years old, she could smell it. It felt like her worst nightmare coming true.

“No no no no no.” She whimpered. Clenching her bum as she tried to get her playsuit off.

Letting the poop out only made her want to dribble more, “Oh my… what the fuck!” …the warm pee made it round to her butt, and top her legs, seeping down her fishnets. She couldn’t help but think of Charlotte, who only ten days ago had pissed herself so embarrassingly and now she was doing the same standing right in front of the toilet. Looking at herself in the mirror, she couldn’t believe it. She raised her eyebrows as her bowels gave way again and another log made its way out…she couldn’t stop it.

“Oh fuck!”she moaned “How is their more?!” - she could now feel warm pee running down her thighs and into her knee high socks. She had really lost control. She grabbed hold of the sink hard, she knew she couldn’t stop it all now. She was breathing heavily and after another long moan, she’d finished… the large poop now was secured in her black panties, with warm pee running down her at every angle. The splattering noise it made on the tiled floor made her feel sick. She felt like it went on forever. Never had she had an accident in her life, and now this.

She was hoping her black panties could hold all the poop in. She couldn’t risk getting her fishnets and socks covered in it, even though they were already covered in pee. She managed to get her playsuit off and her fishnets down without causing any more damage. She turned to inspect her bum, holding the bulge in her soaked black panties. The smell was horrific. She pulled her black panties down a little, carefully keeping the poop inside.

Maddy waddled over to the toilet, sliding her feet through her pee and emptied the remains into the toilet. She wanted to be sick. Doing the best she could with some toilet paper, she wiped the stains from her panties. They were ruined. At least she could keep it a secret, she thought. Maddy took off her fishnets and socks and instantly got in the shower, she could see poop smeared all over her bum and wanted to get clean instantly. It was late but she needed to wash herself down. ‘Pull yourself together’ she remarked. What a disaster.

In Isabella’s room, she’d taken off her panties and wiped herself down with a towel, her legs were wetter than she thought but she really had got away with it. Everything else seemed in-tact. She scanned for any large damage on her playsuit but it was only smallish patches - ‘just needs a wash’ she thought. She threw on her pyjamas and dived into her bed, quickly falling into a deep sleep.

—-

Maddy had barely slept, and woke up in a panic. She quickly made her way to the bathroom. Her fishnets and knee high socks were still laying on the floor, soaked, next to her black panties that had skid marks in. Luckily she’d flicked her heels off in the heat of the moment and they’d stayed relatively dry. She was disgusted. Looking at herself in the mirror (the same spot she had been last night), she knew she needed to clean this mess up. She found a spare plastic bag and carefully put her fishnets, knee-high socks and panties in. ‘No one can find out about this…ever’ she thought. She took final look at herself in the mirror. ‘How could such a sexy girl like me ever get in this state.’ If her school friends ever found out about this, she’d be ridiculed for life. She shook her head.

Once Maddy was done, she headed to the kitchen, and could hear Isabella chatting to Olivia.

“…It was only a small accident.” Isabella broke off as Maddy entered.

Maddy quickly scanned the accident chat and to her amazement there was already a mark next to Isabella’s name.

“A small accident is still an accident” Olivia remarked and then continued, “Well…looks like you’ve joined the club”.

Isabella sighed and took another sip of her drink. Olivia was starting to enjoy herself. She regretted bringing it all up at the time but now, well now...the girls were actually having real accidents.

*006*2020-02-28 12:29

New Chapter!!

CHAPTER 3 - Emma’s Dilemma

November had passed quickly and none of the girls had added anything to the accident chart, with Olivia, Charlotte and Isabella having one mark next to their names. Isabella’s ‘minor one’ had been the last as none of the girls knew a thing about Maddy’s huge accident in her room - she’d kept it a secret for now…or had she?

Olivia had quizzed Isabella all morning about her ‘minor accident'; which an ever so reluctant Isabella went along with. It wasn’t like it had happened in public though; Olivia would’ve loved that. Not giving her reasons, Olivia wanted as much detail as possible. She definitely knew that the girls thought it was super weird but she had to do what she had to do - it turned her on.

Olivia had even offered to take the flat’s trash out a few days after the accident, hoping to see if Isabella’s white panties were in there. She knew it was disgusting, but after the detailed chat with Isabella, she couldn’t help herself. They weren’t hard to find either, Isabella hadn’t even put them in a spare plastic bag. They were super cute panties as well; Olivia’s mind was racing, ‘If only id been there’, she thought.

As she placed the last of the trash down in the bin, another plastic bag caught her eye. Initially, she thought it might just have been a girl throwing away some old clothes, but it was in the way the plastic bag was tied. She did the same herself when throwing away wet clothes. She had to check. ‘God, I’m disgusting’ she thought, she really hoped no one was watching as she wrapped her sweater around her hand, reached in, and pulled the plastic bag out.

Olivia was already turned on from seeing Isabella’s panties but if she found more, she would probably internally explode. She moved herself around to the back of the bins and opened up the plastic bag. She could hear herself breathing heavily and needed to calm down. ‘Its probably nothing’ she told herself but… it was something. It contained fishnets, knee high socks and black panties.

Olivia was frozen for a second, she knew what she was seeing - some poor girl must’ve had an accident and thrown her stuff away in embarrassment. Both Charlotte and Isabella had thrown their panties away after-all. The clothes did seem dry but Olivia could tell they’d been wet previously, it was all in how the material felt. She’d been there many times before.

Olivia was desperately trying not to touch herself, she was panting, and nearly gave in when she saw the two poop stains smeared in the black panties. ‘oh my god’ she whispered to herself. She could even kind of smell it. Now she knew why the girl had disposed of everything - she’d shit her pants.

It wasn’t till that evening when Olivia was sat in her room that she put two and two together. She told herself it couldn’t have been, surely not?… but she remembered Isabella saying something about Maddy letting out gas all night. She quickly got out her phone and checked Isabella’s Instagram photo. Maddy had been wearing back fishnets and knee high socks that night. ‘What the fuck’ she said to herself slowly. Maddy must’ve had some accident. It’s no coincidence that those clothes were in the trash. Maddy had clearly shit herself.

—-

Emma was definitely the most sporty of the five girls, she’d been hockey captain at her school and was a keen gym go-er. Despite being the captain for school, off the pitch she was an extremely shy girl. Sport was just something she really loved. It was mainly unheard of for a fresher to be called up to a university first team, but with the number of fixtures coming up, Emma had been. And she was given the first team hockey jersey before getting on the bus to the fixture.

Emma was an average height for a girl but had a petit frame from her constant playing of sport. She had short blonde hair, lots of freckles and deep blue eyes. She managed to find time to get changed before getting on the bus. She felt a sense of pride, and smiled to herself when looking at the university tracksuit - stuffing her spare clothes into her bag.

It was freezing outside; autumn/fall really had said goodbye and winter was coming. Emma could hear the rain as it battered against the bus window. The journey wasn’t a long one but when the bus came to a sudden holt and pulled over, she knew they were in for one. There was a loud cry from all the girls behind her, which lead the head coach to stand up and say they were having a fifteen minute rest…to let the bus cool down.

‘Cool down?! It's bloody freezing outside.’ One the girls shouted back. She wasn’t wrong. A lot of the girls were surprised the fixture was still going ahead and hadn’t been postponed due to the weather. Emma had been told she wasn’t in the starting side but would get some playing time off the bench. She texted her mum the news, knowing she’d be so proud.

The bus had cooled down and the driver sped for the rest of the journey. They did quite well to only be thirty minutes late to the fixture, and Emma was pleasantly surprised at how nice the hockey stadium was in comparison to their own. The girls got changed quickly and warmed up, ready for the match.

The rain was really hammering down, and despite being sheltered, Emma could still feel it as the wind was blowing in all directions. The girls had played brilliantly and they were 2-1 up when Emma came on. Despite the rain and wet surface, Emma felt at home and in full control and made an excellent pass in the build-up to the third goal. The girls winning the game 3-1.

Despite only getting the tracksuit earlier, it was already soaked - that wasn’t exactly helped by the spraying of champagne and other drinks in the changing rooms after, as the girls all shared a drink. Emma had her gym leggings which she changed back into, putting a sweater on over her rather wet bra. It wasn’t ideal but she was lucky; some of the other girls didn’t have anything to change back into - they were still in their soaked tracksuits as they re-entered the bus.

As the bus left the stadium, Emma regretted not using the bathroom on her way out. She hadn’t been since they arrived, and she’d drank a full bottle of juice, not to mention the alcohol all the girls were sharing. ‘Its only thirty minutes’ she thought, she was desperately trying to convince herself she’d be okay.

—-

Despite studying on the same course, Charlotte and Emma hadn’t spent that much time together and if they were going too, it would’ve been tonight, as it was the course ball. Emma spent most of her time either studying or playing sports whilst Charlotte, would most-likely be drinking with her other course mates. Charlotte had been looking forward to getting to know Emma better.

Emma had already sent her a text saying the bus had broken down and the start had been delayed so it was best to go alone and not wait around for her. So, Charlotte decided she would go to the ball alone and meet her course mates when she got there.

Charlotte wore a tight black dress and black thong with no bra underneath, once again flaunting her figure and toned legs. The dress really showed off the gentle curves of her body. It was the first time she’d worn a dress going out since the accident - in the gold one.

Getting dressed and putting her make-up by herself had been a little depressing but once she’d reached the ball, she was happy. Charlotte knew that she could get boys to buy her drinks for the night, meaning she’d once again, save her money. Her only worry was she didn’t want to get herself into a situation like last time. It just wasn’t an option.

—-

The bus hit traffic about fifteen minutes into the journey back, to add to this, the rain was still crashing against the window, and it wasn’t helping Emma at all. She’d resorted to jamming her hand into her crotch. She was getting desperate. Emma had seen the accident chart pinned up in the kitchen but wasn’t really sure if it was the greatest game to be playing as university students.

To make things were, the bus literally wasn’t moving anymore, they were at a stand-still. Emma’s legs were though, bouncing up and down as she tried to hold in her pee. She hadn’t been this desperate in a long time. Emma had always been a vigilant girl and could see some of the other girls struggling too - jamming their hands into their crotches. They’d all had too much to drink after the game and had been rushed back on to the bus by the head coach.

The bus suddenly moved forwards and jolted to a stop again. Emma wasn’t sure if it was sweat or pee but the sudden movement from the bus had made her hand get warmer. That wasn’t the only problem Emma had; she was fighting against her mind. The need to pee was making her horny, she wanted to touch herself so badly. ‘Snap out of it’ she mouthed to herself.

Emma was trying hard but she couldn’t snap out of it, she needed a miracle. She was already arching her back against the bus seat in anticipation of her orgasm. Emma thought about how she had always been a sensible girl, never getting too desperate, making sure she’d use the bathroom but right now, all she could think about was letting go.

Emma dribbled a little bit in her leggings, she gasped. She gently moved her hand up slightly, brushing over her clit - her eyes rolled in relief. She was lucky no one was sitting next to her. Emma was on the verge of having a full blown accident and orgasming in her seat when…finally the miracle came.

The bus pulled over, it had broken down again! The head coach had risen to her feet and virtually repeated what she’d said earlier. ‘The bus needs to cool down’. Once again, all the girls behind Emma all cried out. Emma knew she somehow needed to get off the bus…and now!

One of the girls behind her shouted ‘Can we go pee then?!’

The head coach looked at the bus driver who had a blank look on his face, he shrugged his shoulders. The doors of the bus then shot open and instantly Emma could feel the freezing cold air as it hit her skin. In no time at all, four girls shot up and made their way off the bus. In one last desperate attempt, Emma removed her hand from her crotch and got off as quickly as possible. She had a plan.

The wind and rain was battering her face as she got outside and she could see some the girls squatting down over by the bushes. Emma headed in the opposite direction towards the back of the bus. She couldn’t stop herself letting leaks out, the relief was sensational. Her hand was definitely warm now. “OH (heavy breath) OH (heavy breath) …so good’ Emma was wetting herself.

Emma was definitely having an accident but she wanted too. Her leggings were getting wetter, and she could feel the warmth running down her legs, she could even hear the hissing sound every time a long spurt escaped from her but she was enjoying it. She was feeling sensations she’d never felt before.

In a rush of blood, Emma slipped her hand down her leggings; and started rubbing hard - pee splashing back against her hand. Emma’s body was physically shaking and she had to cover her mouth with her other hand to quieten the moaning. She leant back against the bus and started cumming… ‘OH… FUCK…I’m cumming’ she moaned. Emma’s orgasm was broken off by the sound of the head coach shouting to the girls.

Emma was panting but reacted quickly, wiping her hands down on her leggings. She might have completely wet herself but no one would know; her plan had worked. The combination of the black leggings and the rain storm had saved her. All her clothes were soaked and her hair was dripping wet. Emma’s pussy was still throbbing though; she entered the bus and knew she could finish off later when she got home.

What an experience…one she would definitely have to do again.

—-

Overall, the course ball had been a success; not so much for Charlotte though - she’d overdone it with the free drinks and had definitely drank too much once again. She was in a state. Getting into the taxi home had been hard work in itself. Not to mention the taxi journey home which felt like an eternity to Charlotte.

How could she have got herself into this predicament again? Her black thong was already a bit damp from the ball. She’d had trouble finding the toilets and let out a little dribble whilst laughing with her friends before eventually composing herself and making it to the bathroom.

‘No! hold it’ She told herself as she got out the taxi. She was doing so well. She hadn’t leaked in the taxi like last time. Charlotte virtually waddled up the path to the entrance of the flat, her knees pushed together. The rain mixed with the cold wind was helping Charlotte, making her walk faster.

A sudden wave of panic hit her though on the stairs, and she could feel droplets running down her legs. ‘OH NO…OH NO…You’ve got this’ Charlotte whispered to herself. She gently felt the underside of her bum and it was wet, her thong was soaked. Charlotte recomposed herself and made her final steps towards her room.

Charlotte had reached her door, ‘I’ve made it.’ she was a relieved girl. Just as she was about to enter her room, Maddy had opened her door and came out into the hallway with James. The surprise was not what Charlotte needed and with three loud hisses, three large spurts escaped from her - running down her legs and hitting the floor.

“FUCK!…FUCK!…MADDY!!” Charlotte couldn’t stop the leaking. She was wetting her herself again.

“Noooo way…” Maddy let out a loud laugh and started singing while James just stood there in shock, realising what was happening. “Charlotte’s pissing her pants…Charlotte’s pissing her pants…”

“OH…FUCK!” Charlotte whimpered. There were little streams falling down Charlotte’s long toned legs once again, and she just stood there, accepting her fate - humiliated as she could hear the splattering sound of pee as it hit the wooden floor. She turned to look at Maddy and James, tears in her eyes before regaining some composure and getting into her room.

Once in her room, she leant back against her door, and froze. - longer streams were coming out now. She had no energy to even make it to the bathroom at this point. The warmth on her cold legs was refreshing, and she closed her eyes; finally letting go. The pee ran in all different directions down her. 'How had this happened again?’ She was stood, in her room, pissing her dress and thong.

“What the fuck Charlotte?!…it’s running under the door.” Maddy barked from the hallway.

The puddle beneath her had started running under the door and back out into the hallway. Charlotte was still in shock but managed to reply.

“I’ll…sort…it…give me two seconds”. Charlotte looked down at the mess she’d created. She had been humiliated once again, and knew she was the only one to blame.

Charlotte could hear Maddy starting to sing again, her voice fading away as she left the flat to walk James out. “Charlotte’s pissing her pants…Charlotte’s pissing her pants…”

Charlotte pulled up her dress, took off her thong and wiped herself down as quickly as she could - throwing her thong straight into the bin. She then looked down, knowing she would have to spend the next hour or so cleaning the floor. Charlotte’s night had been a disaster.

—-

The morning had been horrific for Charlotte, once again having the shame of adding a mark to her name on the accident board, before getting grilled by Isabella, Maddy and Olivia. She’d wet two dresses already - it really was humiliating. Emma was keeping quiet, she didn’t want to get involved in the conversation as her night had been just as eventful - she needed to keep it her secret.

Olivia was loving it, she’d started these games and it just so turned out that the girls couldn’t hold it and were having accidents, big ones. Olivia’s next move was to plan some sort of revenge against Maddy; she couldn’t get away with having an accident and keeping it a secret forever.

*008*2020-02-28 21:56

{{5 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was another amazing chapter

}}

Thanks for the continued support. Chapter 4 will be out tomorrow.

*009*2020-02-29 13:35

Loved writing this chapter so much! It’s the half way point. Hope you’re all enjoying it so far

CHAPTER 4 - Olivia’s Night In

The flat was pretty much empty and Olivia knew she probably wouldn’t get a better chance to get some revenge on Maddy. There was only herself and Maddy left; Emma, Isabella and Charlotte had all gone home for Christmas - with both Olivia and Maddy heading home tomorrow.

Olivia had just finished eating and was chilling in the kitchen, wearing denim shorts with a fluffy white jumper on - her hair tied up in a bun. She stood up, walked over the sink and started washing her dishes. The sound of running water had her mind mulling over what she could get Maddy to do. Her mind was racing and she was loving it.

It wasn’t long before she came to her conclusion. ‘We can just see who can hold it longer…?’ A simple but effective competition. Olivia knew she wasn’t exactly known for her holding after her first accident but, she did only have one mark against her name on the chart - Charlotte had two.

Sometimes she thought that night where she brought up the whole ‘pee thing’ had been a big mistake but she couldn’t help herself. And even if the girls did find it disgusting, they seemed to be pretty open to chat about their own accidents during the morning after.

What the girls didn’t know is that Olivia’s had most of her ‘accidents’ in her ensuite bathroom - well…may be they weren’t accidents as she did most of them on purpose but that didn’t matter. She would NEVER tell the girls this but she often masterbated thinking about the stories they’d told - God they turned her on.

Despite all the girls accidents so far, Olivia wasn’t one-hundred percent satisfied. She didn’t want to fully admit it to herself, but she definitely had a crush Emma, ‘who wouldn’t’ she thought. Emma was smart, sporty and had a great body. She was just waiting for the day she came into the kitchen one morning and talked about her own accident. It was Olivia’s dream.

Whilst Olivia had been chilling, cooking and eating, Maddy had been out shopping. She’d been buying some last minute Christmas presents for her family. Maddy hadn’t been more excited in a while, the thought of getting home, catching up with family and friends was all she could think about.

Maddy had bought herself a drink and a snack on the way back to the flat - finishing it as she was sat on the bus. They’d just driven past James’ road, and that reminded her of ‘that night’. That really was a moment she did want to forget. Unluckily for her, she thought no one had found out, but Olivia had.

Maddy raced up the stairs, and entered the flat holding three bags worth of shopping, immediately dumping them in her room before getting changed - throwing on pair of black leggings and a black crop top. She then headed to the kitchen and marched in.

“Oh…hey Olivia” Maddy said, glancing over in her direction.

Olivia was sat on the sofa, in her denim shorts and white fluffy jumper watching a movie. She’d just started ‘Dunkirk’, only watching it to see Harry Styles - Harry being another one of her love interests, although a rather unrealistic one.

“Hey Maddy,” Olivia looked up, “…you get all your shopping done?” Olivia didn’t really care that much about Maddy’s shopping but wanted her to stay, she needed a way to get her to participate in her game.

“Yeah, let me show you!” Maddy said excited. She raced out of the kitchen and came back with three bags. Grabbing the first bag, she pulled out a dress.

“The dress is for my younger sister…she’ll love it, she’s always wanted a dress like this.”

Followed by an instant coffee machine from the second bag. “Its for my mum.” She laughed.

And finally, reaching into the third bag, she pulled a dark blue suit shirt.

“This ones for my dad…obviously.” Olivia hadn’t even been able to reply as Maddy had been so excited to show off her presents. And before she kew it, Maddy had placed the items back in their respective bags and sat down on the sofa next to her.

“What you watching anyways?” Maddy asked.

“Oh…its Dunkirk, the war movie?” Olivia paused as Maddy’s face had a puzzled look on it. “You know…the one with Harry Styles in?”

“Oh…that one, I haven’t seen it.” Maddy replied quickly.

Olivia instantly knew this was her way in. “Lets watch it together!” She blurted out.

Maddy stood up and paused, “Sure, let me take all this back to my room first?.”

Olivia picked up her laptop and followed Maddy out the kitchen. “Come to my room when you’re ready, we can watch it in my bed…cute movie night.”

Olivia was sat, already under the duvet by the time Maddy had come in.

“I’d only just started it anyways.” Olivia said as Maddy got into the bed, wrapping herself with the other half of the duvet.

The film started and Olivia knew she was now on to the the hard part. She knew that convincing Maddy to play her game and hold it would be difficult but she persevered with her plan.

“By the way…thanks for not being weirded out with the whole ‘accident thing’…and the chart.” Olivia nearly laughed as she said it.

“Haha, that’s cool.” Maddy replied back, a little confused.

“You’ve been lucky, no marks by your name yet.” Olivia said, she was probing.

Maddy swallowed then laughed a little, “What can I say…”

“You must’ve had some close calls though? Think we all have…?” Olivia snapped back.

“Haha, I mean…speak for yourself.” Maddy instantly thought about the Halloween party, that had been way more than a close call. She’d fully had an accident.

“Not even on the Halloween night?” You could cut the tension between the girls with a knife, and Olivia knew she might have crossed the line but the reality was - she knew Maddy was lying.

Maddy gently bit her lip. ‘Did she know?’ Maddy thought.

Despite this, Maddy stayed calm “What…? I think you’re getting me mixed up with Isabella?” Maddy hands started to sweat.

“Doesn’t look like nothing happened from this?” Olivia pulled a picture up on her phone. It was the plastic bag filled with the panties, fishnets and knee high socks.

Olivia continued, “Aren’t they yours?”

Maddy’s heart was racing, ‘why on earth did Olivia have a picture of her dirty clothes on her phone.’ Maddy felt sick.

“Ew…no…” Maddy didn’t know what to say. “I leant them to the girl on the ground floor, and she never gave them back.”

Maddy was sure Olivia could hear her heartbeat thumping inside her chest, “Anyway…why do you have that photo on your phone? It’s a bit weird…? I know you get off to this stuff but that’s not cool at all.” The whole conversation had brought back memories of that night and was making Maddy need to pee.

Olivia was ready for Maddy’s questions though, “Well, to be honest…I think you had an accident and didn’t tell us…?” Olivia was not wrong. She completely avoided the part about why she had the picture on her phone.

Maddy blurted out “I’d had bad gas that day…but I didn’t have an accident!” All Maddy could think about was being her room, trying her hardest to get her clothes off, the poop filling her panties smearing all over her bum.

Olivia gave Maddy a stern look, “Why don’t we have a competition then, see who can hold it longer…?”

“What?…I’m not playing your stupid games.” Maddy already needed to pee, she’d drank a large smoothie in town, another on the bus home and hadn’t been since.

Olivia rolled her eyes, “Bet you can’t hold it?” Olivia joked.

“We already know I can hold it longer…you pissed your jeans…remember?” Maddy said confidently but reluctantly.

“Game on. Let’s watch this movie…and another one after without peeing.” Olivia replied.

“Fine…whatever. I’ll just beat you again.” Maddy took a large sip of her drink, just to annoy Olivia, regretting it instantly.

The girls got through Dunkirk with no problems, both finishing their drinks. Putting the competition aside, both the girls enjoyed the movie.

“One down, one to go.” Olivia said in a sarcastic voice.

“I don’t even need to go yet…” Maddy replied, lying through her teeth. “You know you’re going to lose again…?”

The girls then started watching ‘The Hangover’. Olivia’s choice this time had been a tactical one, it was a comedy - she thought there was more chance of Maddy having an accident whilst laughing. The thing was, Maddy didn’t need it to be a comedy, she was already struggling with her bladder - feeling twinges on and off. She regretted finishing her drink and carefully without raising any alarm; moved her hand under the duvet, pushing hard into her crotch.

The first ten minutes of ‘The Hangover’, had been a real struggle. Maddy was franticly trying to think of anything other than pee but her mind wouldn’t let her. It felt like the world was scheming against her; after she’d kept her accident a secret. She was so embarrassed and knew her cheeks were getting reader, as she could feel small droplets of pee hitting her black panties, making her leggings warm.

‘Get to the toilet now…’ thats what her mind was telling her but she couldn’t - she was sat only a matter of centimetres away from Olivia. She didn’t want to move a muscle. Olivia, on the other hand, was only just starting to feel the effects of her drink. She, for once, was in a good position, and knew she could hold it to the end of the movie.

“I’m feeling good. Might even be able to watch a third movie.” Olivia exclaimed proudly.

“So could I…” Maddy replied unconvincingly.

Maddy had seen the film before on a few occasions but had forgotten how funny it was. And after her initial dribbles, she had never really recovered. Her crotch area was starting to get really warm, so was her hand. Over the course of the next ten minutes, Maddy was about to have one of the most humiliating moments of her life. Just like the poop after the halloween party, her pee was now ready to come out - and nothing was going to stop it.

‘Stop, stop, stop’ Maddy was saying in her mind. Maddy didn’t know what to do. She felt like a little girl again. Her heart was sinking inside her chest. She wanted her mum. It wasn’t like she was in her bathroom again. She knew she was slowly wetting Olivia’s bed.

Maddy was still trying her best to hold it but she knew she couldn’t stop any of the dribbles now. In an ideal world she’d have been in her own bathroom or by herself and just let it out all at once; but she couldn’t even do that. She didn’t want to let Olivia hear any hissing, that would be game over.

Every five seconds or so Maddy let out more, she’d drank a lot and the pee wouldn’t stop coming. Her bum was so warm and absolutely soaked, she could even feel the pee running down the back of her thighs, only being stopped by the mattress. She was now spurting pee everywhere, having a full on accident in Olivia’s bed. The streams seemed to get faster and Maddy’s hand was now getting completely soaked, a small puddle had even formed round her crotch.

Olivia quickly glanced over and saw a worried look on Maddy’s face, “Aw…is ‘Maddy’ about to pee herself?”

Olivia had know about idea what Maddy was doing and for once in her life, the 5ft7.5 brunette goddess had been defeated.

Maddy had no reply to Olivia and her mind was on fire. In a moment of madness, she cried out, “FUCK…I’m pissing myself.” Maddy threw off the duvet and shot out of Olivia’s bed, tears now forming in her eyes - and the loud hissing started.

Olivia could already see that the top of Maddy’s leggings were soaked. Her eyes were then drawn to where Maddy had been sitting in the bed - there was a huge wet circle. Olivia couldn’t believe what she was seeing.

“You’ve pissed in my b…” Olivia shouted.

Maddy cut Olivia off, “NO NO NO…please. I want my mum!!” Maddy was leaning slightly forward and her knees were pushed hard together. Her legs shaking as she sprayed long jets of pee down them. The warm pee running down inconsistently, soaking her panties and leggings. Puddles were forming next to her feet. Maddy had forgotten what it was like her like to have accident but now she was having another one, but right in front of Olivia.

“Olivia…I’m…” Maddy couldn’t even finish her sentence, tears streaming down her face but she tried to continue, “I did throw my clothes away…I had an accident…I shit my pants” Maddy cried out loudly.

Olivia was still trying to process the situation. Maddy had not only wet the bed, but had left huge puddles all over Olivia’s floor. Olivia had never meant for it to come to this. The jets of pee had slowly stopped and all that was left was the sound dripping pee.

“Babe, it’s fine.” Olivia said, getting out of bed. “Lets get you clean you up.” Olivia, avoiding all the puddles on the floor, held Maddy’s hand and ushered her to the ensuite bathroom - where this whole thing had started that night.

Maddy wasn’t a girl who cried a lot, she always kept herself together but right now she just wanted to curl up into a ball. She was still leaking as she walked across the room. She was well and truly humiliated.

“Please…don’t tell the girls about this?” Maddy said, Olivia could just make it out through Maddy’s sobs. “Promise?”

“I promise” Olivia replied.

Despite getting completely out of control. Olivia thought her revenge had been a total success. She got a confession and an unexpected wetting. Although, deep down, she knew this was a secret that she would have to keep.

—-

Olivia had headed home early the next morning, still thinking about Maddy’s accident. ‘Bring on the new year’ she thought to herself whilst smiling.

*012*2020-03-01 11:39

{{18 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn poor Maddy but I did really enjoying the chapter in C=

}}

Poor Maddy ;) thanks for the support once again!!

{{11 hours ago, Alnitak said:

Beautiful. I kind of want to feel sorry for Maddy, but on the other hand she was a bit of a prick to Charlotte.

}}

She got what she deserved even if it was a little harsh in the end.

Chapter 5 will be out in a couple of days!!
