[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 7

Author: Misteriousmr

*150*2016-06-26 21:13

Log testday 3:

My research will continue today. My previous two attempts were unsuccesfull. I will interview X-03 and X-04 today. Logs are below.

( Converse 3, subject: X-03 )

"Hello, can you hear me?"

"Loud and clear, yes"

"Are you willing to answer some questions?"

"Sure..."

"Are you aware that you are a Haunter?"

"Fully"

"Do you know how you became a Haunter?"

"Do you know how you became a human?"

"Are you saying you have no recollection of anything...before you were a Haunter?"

"Not as far as I know...let me out"

"I'm afraid I can't do that"

"Let me out"

"I can't..."

"Let me out"

[X-03 smashes against cage]

*log ends*

( Converse 4, subject:X-04 )

"Hello, can you hear me"

"Hmmm..."

*Subject X-04 looks around frantically, as if it can't see me*

"Hello, can you hear me"

"Who there?"

*Subject X-04 stands up, looking around more*

"Can you see me?"

"You...I know..."

*Subject X-04 moves around, looking for something*

"Hello, can you see me?"

*Subject X-04 hums*

"What was that?"

*Subject X-04 hums "pop goes the weasle"*

"Are you willing to coopperate?"

*Subject X-04 is distressed, log ends*

Still no succes, though I did find conversations are possible, I'll proceed with my experiments tomorrow.

Signed,

- Dr. Praegressus

###[five years ago, house of Dr. Praegressus]---

"Hunny?" The doctor entered his son's room. He was lying in bed, his mom tucking him in, "have you seen that black box I kept in the study?"

"No dear" she says, as she hits a button on a machine on the kid's nightstand. It slowly starts to rotate, creating illuminated pictures of Pokemon on the ceiling.

"Mommy?" the kid says before his mom can leave, "mommy, can you give me Benny?" the young child looks at his mother with pleading eyes.

"Aww, hunny, that old doll? Don't you think it deserves a vacation?" the mom says, as she kisses him on his forehead. The kid thinks for a moment, before nodding in agreement.

"Really? Vacation?" the doctor says softly as his wife closes the door.

"Aw, you know he'd get overemotional if I told him I threw it out! Anyway, no, I haven't seen it, now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go check on Ten" she says, before walking down the hallway. The doctor stands still as inside the kid's room the machine starts playing a soft, slow tune...

"Pop...goes...the weasel..." the doctor mumbles to himself, following along with the music, before turning around and walking back to his study...

$$

$$

$$

$$

*151*2016-06-26 21:14

A cookie for anyone who understands what just happened...

*152*2016-06-26 22:37

Deep underground something rumbles,

Something moves, something crumbles,

With nature in disarray,

There's only one who has a say,

Awakened and aware, watching us,

It's revived from it's rest in Terminus...

"Hey, em?" Chloe looked over. The girls were lying in bed, nothing but underwear on, covered in blankets, planning for what to do next.

"Yeah?" Emily moved around untill she was lying on her side.

"Maybe we could go past my hometown when we go to the final gym?" Chloe hadn't seen her parents in almost two months, and she was starting to miss them a little.

"Yeah, sure! How long is the route to Sandcurl town?"

Chloe grabbed the trusty booklet, flipping through the pages, ending on route 25: From Litho city to Sandcurl town.

"Route 25 is a long, rocky path. Many caves connect the path, and high-level trainers often gather to catch strong Ground- Dark- and Steel- type Pokemon. This route also holds the harbor used to get to the islands surrounding the continent, one of them containing the national airport. This route is also home to the ruins of an ancient temple, which has been dubbed the "Sanctus ruins", due to the high number of Ghost- type Pokemon said to gather there at night. Some people carved ways into the mountain and have built their houses on the side of it, creating isolated living spaces. It is adviced to remain off of route 25 unless sufficiently trained."

"Dang, sounds like quite the journey, though those ruins sound intressting..." Emily stretched, revealing quite a bit of her boobs, Chloe couldn't help but slightly bite her lip, but didn't mention it.

"Yeah, and since Sandcurl is only 15 kilometers from my hometown, I though we might as well, right?"

"Yeah, sure, I'm down, they seem like chill people." there had been quite some conversations back and forth using various means, often about the journey and what had happened since they'd left, though neither of them had mentioned Groudon or Regigigas, as they did promise to be carefull, but instead were in practically constant danger, and they hadn't even thought about mentioning the Eclace city incident.

The two got suited up, bought some Pokeballs and Potions for along the way and set off. Mount Ebott had quite a few edges and cliffs sticking out and sloping down into the ocean, creating a series of tunnels. They walked for about two hours before reaching the ruins, where they sat down for a moment. The ruins were white, seemingly made out of marble. There were obvious traces of where walls were, and it was, or would've been, quite the building, with large statues, grand hallways and a big chamber with a big stone with pictures and paterns engraved on it, though they were unreadable. On top of it was a smaller stone with a weird, upside-down Y-formed crack in it and two holes. Chloe pulled out some sandwiches and started to chomp down on them. Emily took a sip of the juice they'd brought as she looked around. To one side the mountain, the other side the ocean, with far in the distance, barely visable, a small island.

"Hey!" Chloe yelped as her sandwich was pulled from her hands, slowly floating away. She grabbed on to it as Emily looked on in surprised entertainment. The sandwich stopped, and from behind a wall, two swords with pink cloth floated, chopping the food up and devouring it before Chloe could even think of grabbing her Pokemon.

"Ok, you'll pay for that!" she yelled as she released Camerupt, "Camerupt, use Lava plume!"

The wild Doublade was obviously unprepared and got hit head-on, but focused and used Night slash, which hit Camerupt severely.

"Camerupt, use Flamethrower!"

The creature spit out a ray of fire, hitting one of the two blades. Chloe instantly grabbed her Pokeball and threw it, hoping to catch a type she didn't have yet.

It wiggled...

And wiggled...

And...

*click*

As Chloe sat back down, Emily smirking, still thinking of the image of her girlfriend fighting a floating sandwich, she grabbed another sandwich. Emily turned to Chloe to say something, but fell silent before starting her sentence.

The small rock on top of the altar was emitting a strange, purple light from where it was cracked...

Soon

$$

*154*2016-06-27 18:38

The one who will be there in the end,

Be it a foe, be it a friend,

One is many, many are one,

All disruptions will be undone,

With his power one cannot compete,

All gather, he is complete...

Soon...

*156*2016-06-27 20:34

The undertale is strong in this one ;)

Emily and Chloe jumped up and did a few steps back as the stone started emitting more light, eventually creating radiation of purple light, which slowly took form. The purple light formed a circle, and from the rock multiple green orbs shot up and circled along with the purple light. From the middle of the circle, a green spot emerged, which spread in a jagged line underneath it, and two half bends above it, creating a malicious, demonic looking face in the exact middle of the circle. Chloe quickly grabbed her booklet, following a long flowchart in the middle of the book, following the directions out loud;

"Purple......round.....green.....ghost.....Spiritomb? That doesn't sound good." she flipped through the pages, before reading on. "Spiritomb, the forbidden Pokemon. This Pokemon is comprised of 108 damned souls, who were sealed in a stone to keep them from doing harm to the world. The stone is said to activate when a source of great power is nearby. It is quite unique in the fact that it has only one weakness; Fairy-type Pokemon."

The duo looked at the Pokemon, which was facing them directly.

"Go, Camerupt!" the camel Pokemon appeared, roaring at the threat in front of it. Chloe theatrically swirled her bracelet around her wrist, stopping it by pressing on her keystone, causing Camerupt to Mega-evolve.

"Camerupt, use Magnitude!"

The ground started shaking, moving and cracking apart, and it didn't stop. Chloe was shaking on her legs, trying to keep steady, but Emily fell over. After the shaking stopped, the Spiritomb looked severely weakened. Suddenly, the shadow it cast eloongated and moved along the ground like a snake. Once it reached Camerupt, it bubbled up, revealing a shadowy Spiritomb behind it, which swung forward before quickly moving back to its regular place.

"Camerupt, use Fire blast!" a big blast of fire erupted from the Pokemon's mouth, which formed an upside-down Y shape, with a stripe through it. It hit the Spiritomb, which recoiled and shook. It was at the end of its power, obviously tired. It looked like it was fainting as it slowly closed its eyes and its mouth changed to an unhappy expression. It fell over forwards...

It suddenly rushed forward, out of its stone, shooting through Camerupt before dissipating, leaving only the stone behind. Camerupt shook, its eyes wide. It spasmd, bucked, roared and finally fainted. Chloe and Emily looked at eachother, this was more than just fainting, and Chloe withdrew Camerupt as the two hurried back to the Litho Pokemon centre.

### Meanwhile, deep underground ---

Its eyes were open, yet it was asleep. It suddenly shook, it had noticed a disturbance. It looked around the small cave it called its home. Something was wrong, very, very wrong. It send out a strong wave of energy, though nobody could feel it. From trees, bushes, from underneath rocks, from behind walls and from underneath the waters, small, green slime-like creatures emerged...

*157*2016-06-27 20:37

Also, since nobody got it:

Specimen X-04 is a Banette. The Pokedex states that Banette were originally dolls, thrown out and turned into Pokemon. This Banette is Benny, who was one of the doctor's sons, the one who [data expunged]. The son had a device which played "pop goes the weasle", which is what the Banette hummed, thus proving that at least some Ghost-type Pokemon remember their previous life...

*161*2016-07-01 14:54

{{On 28/06/2016 at 0:10 AM, wheatley said:

Well, this is getting creepy. I'm gonna call luigi. maybe get some pizza while I'm at it.

}}

@luigifantard

Get yo ass in here Wheatley needs a hug

*163*2016-07-01 17:45

Nurse Joy looked up when the duo ran in. Chloe handed over her Pokeballs, and Joy put them in the machine, though it wouldn't start. Joy pushed some buttons, tapped on the machine, nothing. Suddenly, the glass that was supposed to close when the balls were entered, closed with great force. Sparks started to come out of the machine. Chloe and Emily slowly took a few steps back, and the other people in the centre looked up when they noticed the commotion. The machine started vibrating violently whille Joy tried to pry open the glass to get the Pokeballs back, with no success, as her fingernails scratched past the glass.

The machine started making a horrible, screeching sound, as flashes of light lit up the compartment with the Pokeballs. Chloe noticed that one of the balls, containing Camerupt, was slowly levitating above the dent it was supposed to sit in. More sparks shot out, some reaching out and hitting other metal parts. Joy decided that it wasn't worth it and also took a step back, out of reach of the electricity. A slow, whooping sound akin to a plane engine starting started emerging and got progressively louder until...

*BANG*

The machine exploded with such force that Chloe and Emily were knocked to the ground. Pieces of the machine shot outwards like shrapnell and Chloe's Pokeballs were shot against various walls. When Chloe looked up, she saw that the place where the machine used to be was a smoking pile of rubble. Nurse Joy was standing a few feet away, looking rather traumatised and with a small, dark patch on her pink dress. Chloe picked herself up and gave Emily a helping hand.

"You ok?"

"Yeah, I'm fine"

Some people in the centre had taken cover, while others had curled up in their seats. The front door opened and officer Jenny rushed inside.

"What's going on here?"

She looked around, with her eyes resting a bit longer on the couple in the center of the room, untill she saw Joy.

"Jesus, Joy, are you all right?" she hurried over, putting a hand on the nurse's back.

"Y-yeah...I-I'm...fine...." she said shakily. She slowly turned to Chloe and Emily; "would you please collect your Pokeballs and follow me to my office?"

TO BE CONTINUED WITH EXPLOSIONS

*165*2016-07-01 18:56

Ghost-type? Ayyyy....

*167*2016-07-01 19:21

$$

*169*2016-07-08 20:31

//Would you guys believe it if I told you I have a notebook with the storyline in keywords? Like, it's just a list of words and Pokemon names in order to show what's happened and is going to happen. For instance: I had, in order: Ruins, Spiritomb, Camerupt, Explosion, which pretty much happened in the last chapter, and a little sneak peak; the next word is "black", oooh, mystery!

*172*2016-07-11 08:31

{{On 09/07/2016 at 4:16 AM, wheatley said:

One: I guess some writers do that to keep their ideas in check. maybe I should do that sometime.

Two: are you racist? (GOD DAMMIT ZORUA STOP MAKING ME LOOK BAD ON MY LAPTOP!)

}}

Dude racism is my jam! Haha, no, though I am going to hell for making all sorts of racist/sexist/religious etc etc jokes, dark sense of humor yay! Funny story; someone once called me racist when I say I love "black humor"...the facepalm was real...

Aaaaaanyway...

Walking into nurses Joy's office was like walking into the principal's office, and both Chloe and Emily were looking at their feet when they came in.

"Please, have a seat" nurse Joy said. Her voice was kind, though there was an obvious shakyness to it.

"Ma'am, we're so sorry to-" Emily began, but Joy held up her hand, cause Emily to swallow the rest of her sentence.

"There is nothing you should be sorry about. If anything, I should appologise, you seemed quite shocked. I called you in here so you could escape from the looks the others gave you, and to check up on your Pokemon"

Chloe looked around, and noticed Jenny leaning against the wall behind Joy. When she saw Chloe looking, she smiled and waved. Chloe gave a weak smile back and grabbed her Pokeballs.

"Ummmm..." she paused

"What is it, dear?"

"Well, one specific Pokemon is rather...large...so..."

"Oh, no worries, you can releas him on the patch of grass out back" nurse Joy said smiling

"Ah, ok...well..." Chloe released Galvantula, and though it looked rather shaken, it seemed fine. Nurse Joy walked over to it, though this obviously spooked the spider as it shot up the wall and onto the ceiling, revealing its fangs at nurse Joy.

"Hey, come on, you can trust her..." Chloe stood up, reaching up to the spider. It lowered itself by a thread so she could scratch its head.

"This is typical behaviour, the Pokeball has had quite the shock, and though it's near impossible to break them, the Pokemon inside has had something akin to a small earthquake" nurse Joy explained as she sat down on her knees, holding a device to the now grounded creature's chest. She looked at the screen for a moment before standing up.

"He's fine, though he has a higher heartrate" she said, nodding at Chloe. Chloe released Doublade, and Joy checked him as well, though there was seemingly nothing wrong.

"My next Pokemon should be released outside" Chloe said, while grabbing her second to last Pokeball.

Once outside, she released Regigigas, but was unprepared for what he'd do. Once he was released, he raised his arm and smashed down, missing the Pokemon centre and crushing half a mountain next to it. It sweeped with its massive arms, smashing the trees on top of the dunes into toothpick-sized pieces. Suddenly, the giant froze in place, and when Chloe looked around, she saw Jenny stand there, a gun-like device in her hand.

"Don't worry, he's just paralysed" she said, relaxing her muscles.

Nurse Joy was in awe of the creature, now silent like a statue. She released her Altaria and flew up, putting the machine against the yellow extrusion with its eyes.

"Again, just shaken, but perfectly healthy" she said, once she was back on the ground. Chloe withdrew him and grabbed her last Pokeball, releasing Camerupt.

Camerupt had fainted, he was on the floor, its head resting on its fur, eyes closed. Chloe, Emily, Joy and Jenny all took a step back in surprise. Chloe gasped, Emily made no sound, but had her mouth hanging open, Joy looked worried and Jenny let out a small yelp when she saw the creature.

It had turned from orange with blue circles into black with yellow circles.

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE MYSTERY

The Z-saga, coming soon

