The Form of Confession

Author: Mirzoza

*000*2018-11-08 18:45

A large crowd had already gathered in the wing of the cathedral which held its confessionals by the time Anna’s family had made their way over. Fortunately, the clergy appeared to have anticipated this, and several parish priests came forward to staff each of the austere wooden booths. Even so, the sight of the lines now forming before her seemed to thicken the air in Anna’s throat and amplify the rush of blood in her head. She closed her eyes.

The journey into town had been long that morning, starting well before sunrise. It was a grand occasion - the bishop had finally returned with news of the new doctrines laid out for the faithful at the recent Lateran Council in Rome. Families had come from all corners of the countryside to hear him speak. Anna's family had joined the procession of nearly everyone in their village, save the old and sick, making their way to the cathedral. Unfortunately, being caught in the midst of this crowded caravan for several hours meant that she had not had a chance to relieve herself since leaving home. Though she had seen other girls dashing brazenly off to squat in the high grass of the moor beside the road, she was much too shy to do the same. And in any case, it had not been so pressing then.

The line was moving glacially. Anna realized that one of her legs had been rocking and stopped it, her cheeks growing red. She shot furtive glances at the faces of her family around her, but saw no sign that they had noticed anything yet. She returned her gaze to the penitents ahead.

One of the more interesting edicts of the day was one which demanded all Christians confess every unabsolved sin they had ever committed before the clergy. Considering the spans of time they spent in the gaunt little rooms, the congregants had a mixed understanding of the meaning of this. Why, Anna mused, did it seem that the most pious among them had the most guilt to unload from their souls? The conscience can be cruel, she reflected. The more fervently one seeks to appease it, the more outrageous its demands become.

Her family was quiet. Her father had suggested that they use the time to plan out their confessions. Anna found it difficult to concentrate. She was struggling to keep the urgency of her needs from showing, and every time she began to catalog her sins, her recollection was broken by a new pang of desperation. She stared at the confessional, still a few heads beyond her. When I get inside, she thought, I’ll be hidden, I can hold myself and take a breath and then regain my composure before I come out. It won’t be long now…

“Don’t you worry, dear!”

A heavy hand came down on Anna’s shoulder, startling her. She jolted and swung around to find the wrinkled face of her mother just behind her.

“I know it’s not easy at your age to go about telling your secrets, but remember that God's forgiven worse than the likes of you before!”

The old woman chuckled to herself and gave her daughter a reassuring grin before returning to her own examination of conscience.

Anna’s heart pounded. Was it her imagination or was there a slight warmth spreading through her undergarments? Had that small surprise been enough to surpass her self-control? Not daring to look down and risk drawing attention to herself should there be anything to see, she clasped her hands in front of her and slowly pressed them against her crotch. Her fingers felt slick. Anna was paralyzed for a moment before she realized that the top of her hands too were moist. They’re covered in sweat. But she had to be sure. Using every bit of willpower to keep her movements steady, Anna raised her locked hands to her chest and looked down solemnly, hoping the gesture would be taken by any onlookers for prayer. They would not be wrong. O Lord, have mercy, don’t let me wet myself now… Nothing was visible from the outside, thankfully. She let out a soft sigh of relief.

“Anna dear,”

Her mother again. Her younger sister was walking back from the booth, which now stood open before her.

Trembling, Anna entered the confessional, still praying silently that she could hold out just a little longer. The moment the heavy door was shut behind her she fell to her knees and grabbed herself with both hands, inadvertently letting a quiet moan leave her lips as she felt her pussy swell with the pressure. In the dim light filtering through the doorway, she could make out a cross hanging on the wall before her. To her right was a small grated window to the priest’s adjoining cell.

"I make confession to God,” she began nervously, "and to my Lady Mary, and to you, sir priest - ”

Anna's voice broke abruptly as a light spurt escaped her. It was unmistakable this time, and she had to fight to regain control. She gripped herself harder, pulling her dress tightly around her waist as her fingers pushed firmly through its fine cloth. As she did she felt a new sensation, a growing pleasure which was certainly new but not altogether distinct from the throbbing of her bladder. An awful silence passed, the priest waiting for her to continue, Anna too terrified to think of anything but holding herself. Finally, the priest spoke:

“May I suggest recalling the last time you confessed your sins to God?”

It was an imperative, not an invitation. To her horror, Anna recognized the gruff voice as that of her own parish priest. Would he recognize hers?

“T’was in the spring, on the first Sunday of Lent.”

This was true, and it was incriminating, but Anna dared not lie in this holiest of places. To sin even as she asked for reconciliation would surely provoke God’s indignation.

“Then let us start with the sins committed on Lent's first Monday.”

Anna tried again to concentrate on this impossible recollection when she felt her desperation build suddenly, a new pressure mounting from her bladder. Panic was setting in in earnest now. I can't, she thought, God would not let me humiliate myself here, any moment He’ll save me, He must, I only need to hold it until then. Maybe this will be like the story of Abraham and Isaac, maybe God will only intervene just as I abandon myself to doing the unthinkable… Another spurt came out, hissing into the bunched-up fabric of her dress. Anna felt heat against her hands this time. A tiny trickle made its way down the inside of her thigh, and she pressed her legs together to stop it from reaching the floor. She was beginning to feel very alone. Eli eli, lama sabachthani?

Despite the momentary release, the intensity of the need inside her did not let up. Instead, the hot wetness of the undergarments clinging to her pussy quickened the weakening of her body and her willpower. Anna clutched herself with as much force as her quivering hands could give, rubbing through the soft wet cloth to push back the flood for just another second. As she did so she realized that the feeling it produced seemed to ease the pressure of her bladder. Seizing on this, she started to rub faster, savoring the sweet relief that now swept in waves through her body.

“I understand that the discipline of self-examination does not come easily to all…” The stern voice from the other cell pierced her through a haze of pulsating pleasure. The priest continued, now with a softer tone:

“Allow me then to help you see yourself in the Lord’s mirror, in which nothing is hidden, in which all that would be kept in darkness is exposed to His light.”

Anna bit her lip as her mind was pulled back to where she was, bent over and kneeling with her knees pressed together in her tiny room. Dozens of people waited outside, and one man sat just an arm’s length away, separated by only a thin wooden wall. Frantically she tried to regain her rhythm but the motions of her hands became nervous and erratic.

“Perhaps it is best to begin with the longings of the flesh. For as St. Augustine teaches, the body is the soul’s first gateway to sin, and salvation is denied to those whose souls place the will of the flesh above the will of the spirit.”

Tears welled in Anna's eyes as he said this, and the shame of what she was doing became unbearable. She forced herself to stop rubbing. The aching of her bladder returned painfully, but now for a renewed fear of God she dared not resist one of her body's longings only by giving in to another.

“Can you confess that you are familiar with the longings of the flesh?” The priest’s voice had grown louder, his tone higher.

“I… I confess”, Anna stammered. Her breathing had become heavy, and her heartbeat throbbed in her head. A sudden leak came out, and instinctively her hands shot back to her pussy to stop it. Her drawers were becoming thoroughly saturated between the legs, and she felt wetness spreading slowly over the lower half of her buttocks and dripping down onto her shaking legs below.

“Will you confess your failure to repress the pleasures your body offers?” the priest demanded, his voice growing louder still.

“I confess”, Anna gasped as another burst came out, lasting long enough this time for her to process the ecstatic rush of release. She could feel hot piss running down both thighs, its sensation making her muscles spasm. She knew she was crying audibly now. With immense strength of will she cut it off after several endless seconds, and immediately the awful idea that she could have stopped it sooner rocked her with guilt.

"Will you reveal the measure of your weakness before the Lord?”

Anna's mind reeled in panic and exhaustion as confessional walls shrunk around her. The most minimal lapse in effort now sent more piss streaming into her already soaking drawers. Waves of spine-chilling shame and waves of burning, euphoric pleasure pulsed through her as it came, alternating rapidly until their friction seemed to fuse them together. The realization that she couldn’t hold it any longer came to her as if in a dream. With a final, violent convulsion she surrendered completely, piss spilling through her fingers and soaking her dress, running down her legs and pooling on the floor. Though she sensed the darkened fabric clinging to her skin, she had never felt more completely naked.

"The sinner whose shame is laid bare before the Lord is the most beautiful in His eyes..."

Distantly, Anna saw her growing puddle beneath her reaching the crack of light under the confessional door, and knew that the priest, the bishop, all who had gathered would know the sacrilege she had committed, the exact measure of her weakness. Still, she could not stop it. Her broken will groveled at the foot of a monstrous edifice of pain and pleasure, one she had been constructing all day. This was the form of her confession, the boundless truth she had to make known.

"You are absolved."

