All day Candy tries to beat her record

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-03-27 10:09

I thought I would revisit some of the characters I have written about before. I’ll link the previous stories as a comment if anyone has missed the previous ones. Enjoy!

All Day Candy tries to beat her record

Candy woke remembering her target once again: all day without a pee. Today was day three and although yesterday had been an improvement on the day before she still hadn’t quite made it. Today needed to be the day! Switching off her morning alarm she stretched and climbed out of bed, her strapless satin nightie falling down her large breasts as she did. Pulling it back up she went next door to her bathroom and relaxed on the toilet looking forward to the fact she wouldn’t do this again until bedtime. As she squeezed every last dribble out she slid out her nightie and stepped into the warm shower. Drying her body and hair she chose her favourite black fitted leather trousers and a snug cream blouse trimmed with lace at the cuffs and front as she tied her hair back and put her make up on.

Down in the kitchen she made a mug of tea and some cereal with cold milk and packed herself a lunch. Driving to work in the rain she couldn’t help wondering if today would be the day: would she actually manage to hold her bladder a full 12 hours? The thought made her nipples tingle in excitement.

Pulling into the quiet car park she walked around to the back door of her small store and unlocked it, waving to Mukesh as he took in his morning delivery. Switching on the lights and heating and turning off the alarm Candy checked the shop over as usual. She still had half an hour before the centre opened to customers so she made herself a coffee and turned on her computer at the till. If the shop wasn’t busy today she hoped to launch a social media ad campaign to see if she could promote more online sales of her brand. Since lockdown many were still reluctant to come to the shop in person and Candy didn’t want to lose her loyal customer base.

With her coffee finished she opened the shutters and waited. It was a slow start but that gave Candy time to work on her advert and catch up on some other admin. The two customers that came in knew exactly what they wanted and were quickly served. Before she knew it it was lunch time and she enjoyed her filled roll and apple. She looked in her bag for her bottle of water annoyed that it looked liked she’d accidentally left it at home. Looking at the computer screen had given her a slight headache and she needed water to take some pain killers. She was just thinking what to do when the answer appeared.

Mukesh from the newsagents next door came in, dressed in his suit and usual bright tie that contrasted stunningly against the bronze tone of his brown flawless skin. Candy smiled as she noticed his eyes immediately lower to her bust as the lace of her blouse accentuated her large breasts and seemed to get caught between them as she sat behind the counter. As usual he was looking for change for a £20 winking his eye and smiling charmingly as he spoke.

“You don’t happen to have...emmm...change do you Candy?”,

Candy checked the till and counted out change.

“I do but could I ask a favour in return?”

Mukesh looked a little embarrassed. “Eh...yes of course. How can I help you?”,

“Oh it’s just a small thing. I left my bottle of water at home. If I give you the cash could I buy one from you if that’s ok?”

“Is that all? Of course! I’ll be right back!”

Mukesh returned with not one bottle of water but two. “On the house Candy!”

Candy opened one, took the painkillers and drank the rest soon after. The afternoon picked up a little with a few more customers and by mid afternoon Candy was starting to need to pee. She smiled to herself as she thought how long she planned to wait still as she decided to add to the intensity by drinking the second bottle as the afternoon went on. By the time 4pm came around she was sitting crossed legged at her computer by the till squirming a fair bit with an ever filling bladder. The sensations this gave to her vagina thrilled her as she felt her lips swell and her urethra pound. Bouncing her leg and swinging it as she sat were enough to keep things at bay at first but she could already feel the pressure increasing as every moment passed.

Candy was about to tidy up ready for closing when Mukesh walked in again.

‘Have you read the email from management Candy?’

‘No. What’s happened?’

Candy came out from behind the till as Mukesh beckoned her closer to read the email on his phone. Handing her his phone Mukesh watched Candy as she stepped forwards and backwards and crossed her legs, not standing still for a moment. His eyes moved from her shiny hair to her rosy cheeks to her large breasts and then from her waistline and hips to her long leather covered legs. He was in no hurry for Candy to finish reading and her constant movements made her even sexier than ever.

Finally Candy handed back the phone and sighed.

‘What a cheek! Are we working together again then?’

‘Definitely!’

‘Great count me in!’

Candy opened the door of her shop and turned the sign to closed. She liked Mukesh, even secretly fancying him, but her body was screaming for attention and his presence was only making things worse! Candy could feel her heart rate increasing even as Mukesh passed as she caught a sniff of his aftershave. Combined with the intense pressure between her legs and her already moisture filled vagina it was getting a little too much.

Mukesh left and Candy locked up the front door, turned off the lights and heating, switched on the alarm and headed out the back door to her car. As she locked the back door she couldn’t stand still, her bladder busting for release. In the stress of the moment she dropped her bag but immediately picked it up and got in her car. Sitting down the waist of her trousers pressed on her bladder and Candy counteracted this by pressing a hand into her crotch. She still had hours left to hold if she wasn’t going to pee until bedtime but that felt so long away as she squirmed in the seat as she drove home.

Back home Candy raced through the front door looking up stairs and contemplating rushing up to the toilet that she really desperately needed. But that would spoil her evening so instead she headed to the kitchen where she put a simple dinner in the oven and got herself a cold drink, having to hold herself tightly between her legs while the tap was running. She sat down in the armchair wriggling constantly as she switched on the TV and waited for her dinner to cook. It was hard to concentrate on the show on the screen as her bladder ached so much. Rocking from side to side when another spasm hit she pulled the cushion that was behind her and wedged it between her legs and pressed down on it. That helped a little but the pressure was incredible so Candy undid the clip of her trousers and breathed a bit easier.

It was taking all Candy’s effort to hold on now as she sipped at her drink and flicked channels. However despite the pain and uncomfortableness of the weight in her bladder there was no denying to Candy how turned on and excited she felt, so naughty even, and this spurred her on to keep holding. She slipped a hand inside her trousers and panties and gasped at how wet and open her vagina was and how sensitive her clit was. If it wasn’t for the fact her dinner would be ready soon she knew she would otherwise be bringing herself to climax as every throb to her urethra intensified the sexual desire in her body.

As she rocked and pushed against her own hand, the cushion still wedged into her crotch and her hands exploring while her mind wandered to how good her pee would be later tonight, Candy jumped in fright as her front door bell went. Struggling to stand up Candy found herself struggling, bent forwards as she tensed her muscles and tried to walk to the door. As she opened the door her eyes widened.

There stood Mukesh right in front of her as she curtsied and squirmed with her blouse now untucked and her trousers open at the top.

“Sorry did I catch you at a bad time?”

“No...no! Sorry how can I help you...and how did you know where I lived?”

“When I locked up I found this at the back door. I thought you’d want it. It had your address on so I thought it more secure to being to you in person. Candy are you sure you are ok? Your face is very red and you seem...anxious?”

Mukesh handed Candy her drivers licence.

“Thank you! You just...you just caught me in the middle of something sorry. I am just cooking dinner that’s all. Sorry I need to go...arghh”

Mukesh reached out and touched Candy on the arm.

“Ok. It’s just...you don’t look at all ok really. But anyway I had better let you go. Take better care of that drivers licence though ok!”

Candy was overcome with a very strong spasm from her bladder as hidden behind the open door she grabbed between her legs and moaned slightly. Whispering hoarsely as she struggled for breath she couldn’t help but blurt out.

“Oh God I need a pee!”

Mukesh looked at her, his eyes wide and his face slightly flushed.

“I had better let you go then hadn’t I. You look very desperate if you don’t mind me saying.”

Candy looked up and down the street anxiously making sure no-one else was in eat shot. She leaned a little closer to Mukesh and whispered in his ear.

“I haven’t been since I got up. I’ve been holding it all day!”

Mukesh gasped as his hand brushed off Candy’s hard nipple that was visible through her blouse.

“Goodness me! I could never go that long. I’ll....I’ll be off then shall I? See you tomorrow. Go run my friend...”

Candy closed the door gently then danced on the spot as she rubbed her thighs with her hands. Maybe she should do as Mukesh said and go to the toilet. She doubted she could last much longer anyway...

But then she was interrupted by the oven bell! Panting and frantic she looked upstairs at the toilet and then into the kitchen down the hall towards her oven. Which way should she go? Candy chose the kitchen but soon regretted it as before she could bend down to the oven she gasped as she felt a small leak into her already damp underwear.

“Come on Candy. Keep holding!”

Dishing up her dinner Candy held her breath as her back hurt and her bladder ached. How much longer could she hold off? She wasn’t sure. She sat the meal and a can of juice at the breakfast bar and got herself cutlery all the time crossing her legs and squirming. But then she heard the door again!

Candy rushed back to the front door and opened it sighing. There once again stood Mukesh!

“Sorry I forgot to say that there’s a meeting tomorrow in the centre if you can make it. 5:35 just after we close up. Same place as usual.”

Candy wanted to cry. Her breasts longed to be caressed, her vagina begged to be fucked and her bladder screamed to be released and all of this while a handsome man who she respected greatly stood right in front of her. With her cheeks flushed more than before, her dinner cooling and her bladder pushing so hard she couldn’t take it another second she suddenly stopped moving as she stood on her own doorstop within touching distance of Mukesh.

“I...I’ll be there. Oh God no! Not now!”

Mukesh eyed Candy all over yet again, as the silence between them was only interrupted by a hissing noise that only Candy knew about.

It was all too late.

She hadn’t reached her target yet again as warm urine flowed speedily down her inside legs pooling at the feet of her high heeled shoes and leaving an ever growing puddle that she couldn’t hide. For all the embarrassment Candy laughed sexily as Mukesh stood looking at the puddle in amazement. Candy was still peeing as her hands automatically reached to her breasts as she fondled them with her head tilted slightly.

“Oh. I’m so sorry. I thought you had been...oh I’m ever so sorry Candy.”

“Oh don’t worry about it. It’s my fault really. I thought I could wait but...oh well. Oh God that felt sooooo good! Don’t you love that feeling of finally peeing after you’ve wanted to go for ages?”

Mukesh, flustered but very noticeably also highly turned on, looked Candy right in the eye.

“I do actually. I’d best go. See you tomorrow?’

‘Of course!’

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/61132-all-day-candy-tries-again/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1829261&embedComment=1829261&embedDo=findComment#comment-1829261"

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/60600-a-requested-story-all-day-candy/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1795262&embedComment=1795262&embedDo=findComment#comment-1795262"

*003*2021-04-03 23:04

{{17 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

I came back to omo after a long time...and I was greeted by this story. Thank you for writing one more on Candy...

You're the best

}}

You have been greatly missed!

