My first fiction

Author: Mr. Rhition

*000*2019-05-12 05:26

New member just starting to get my feet... wet. Here’s my first go at a fiction, any feedback is welcome!

Includes references to messing and what could perhaps be considered mild sexual content

Ch 1

Mira sat at the table distractedly eating a sandwich. She wasn’t feeling particularly hungry but knew she needed to eat something before her soccer game against her team’s crosstown rival. She was the team’s star goalie and though it was still early in the season this was a game her team definitely wanted to win. She gulped down the last of her large glass of water and went to refill it reminding herself that she had to stay hydrated for the big game. As she finished up her sandwich her dad came down the stairs and asked if she wanted him to drop her off at the school on his way out of town. “Thanks,” she said, “but I’ll just ride my bike it’s not too far and it’s a really nice day.” Her dad wished her good luck at her game and reminded her not to burn down the house that night and that the extra key was under the rock in the backyard. Mira assured him she could take care of herself, reminding him that she’d be off to college next year.

After he left, Mira finished the last few bites of her sandwich and poured herself one more glass of water, the memory of having to come out of last week’s game due to dehydration still fresh in her mind. Then again, she thought, she wouldn’t want to drink too much and have her admittedly small bladder cause her issues during the game. She decided the latter was the lesser of two evils, especially considering there were multiple porta-potties right by the field she could use if necessary.

She downed the final glass of water and quickly packed up her bag to bring with her to the game. She grabbed a Gatorade from the fridge and went to fill up her large water bottle. The water running into the bottle made her realize the water she’d drank had already reached her bladder and she gently shifted her weight back and forth as the bottle finished filling. The twinge in her bladder brought memories of her incident freshman year flooding back. She vividly recalled becoming desperate to pee on the long bus ride back after they’d lost the championship game. She had been too shy to ask to stop, fearing the ridicule that would come from the upperclassmen.

She remembered desperately trying to hang on, her legs crossed and her hands dug into her crotch, barely managing to hold it until they got back to the school late that night. She made beeline for the school, desperately hoping to make it to the bathroom in time and she would have made it too... had the janitor remembered to unlock the locker room for them. She remembered pulling madly on the locked door with tears welling up in her eyes as she felt a warm wet feeling spreading between her legs. Three years later, the humiliation of her teammates coming to find her standing in a giant puddle of her own urine was still burned into her mind. However, she also felt a strange sense of curiosity and excitement as she thought about the incident. Just as these thoughts were striking her she realized her water bottle was overflowing into he sink and she snapped back to reality.

She packed and zipped up her bag, ducked in the bathroom to relieve herself and then hopped on her bike and headed to the game. Mira only lived a few blocks from the school and always enjoyed the short bike ride. She was a responsible and conscientious high school senior, consistently making the honor roll and excelling in various sports and extracurriculars. Mira was about 5’7” with straight, medium length brown hair and an athletic, slender build. She had perky b-cup breasts and long, tan, toned legs that caught the attention of more than a few guys at her school. However, despite a couple attempts, she never seemed to have much luck with dating.

Despite this, her thoughts kept wandering to a particular guy she hoped would ask her to homecoming this year. She sang with Tyler in choir and they always seemed to be in the same classes but had never really talked until the past summer when they went on a biology class trip together. He was tall and lanky and a little on the awkward side but had a charming sense of humor and a singing voice that she had to admit made her melt a little. Before she knew it, she arrived at the school and made her way on to the field to begin warming up for the game.

Ch 2

Mira became completely focused on the game as she warmed up, going through drills with the backup goalie and reviewing information about their opponent. About 15 mins before the game was set to start, their coach called them into a huddle. He offered them words of encouragement and reminded them that citywide bragging rights were on the line. He also delivered some unfortunate news that some students had gotten a bit rowdy the previous night and tipped over the porta-potties near the field so if they needed to use the restroom before the game they’d have to make the trek to the school.

A few girls elected to go but Mira didn’t feel any need to go and saw them working to repair the porta-potties figuring they would be ready by halftime and she’d have no problem waiting until then. As the game approached and the sun started to beat down on them the coach reminded everyone to continue to stay hydrated. Distracted by nerves, Mira drank about a third of her large water bottle and half of her Gatorade before the game started. Just as it was about to start she looked up to the stands and noticed Tyler was there. The game began and roughly the first quarter of it passed fairly uneventfully with neither team scoring and Mira easily deflecting the few shots that came her way.

At one point the ball was on the opposite side of the field for several minutes and she used the opportunity to drink from the water bottle she had stowed near the goal. Not really paying attention to how much she was drinking and feeling the heat of the sun, she drank almost all the water remaining and her loyal backup goalie provided her with a freshly refilled one. With about 20 minutes to go until halftime she felt a sharp pang in her lower abdomen. She would definitely have to visit the bathroom during the break. However, her team soon scored taking a 1-0 lead, distracting her from the growing pressure.

A couple minutes later, an opponent broke through the defense and took a hard shot at the goal. Mira dove toward it and was able to deflect it away drawing applause from the crowd. Including Tyler. The rest of the half was nonstop action as she had to block several more shots as the defense was wearing out. However, they managed to make it to halftime without giving up any more goals and entered the break with a 1-0 lead.

As Mira jogged to the team bench, she felt a large volume of liquid sloshing about in her bladder and knew she definitely needed a trip to the toilet. She gently jiggled her legs as the coach implored the defense to do a better job.

“Mira won’t be able to stop everything the rest of the game” he warned them. No kidding, she thought, I won’t able to stop myself from peeing all over if don’t get a bathroom break soon. She remembered seeing them pulling the porta-potties upright near the end of the half and briefly looked over to make sure there would be too long a line. Much to her to her dismay she saw the porta-potties being loaded onto a truck and being driven away! She panicked, looking at the time and realizing she only had about 5 minutes until the game resumed. “Hey coach, are they going to have the porta-potties fixed before the second half starts?” She asked, a hint of desperation in her voice. He said he wasn’t sure but probably not, but given the circumstances he was sure they’d be willing to wait to start the second half if she had to run into the school.

She felt a sense of panic rising in her imagining how embarrassing it would be having her opponents watching her run to and from the bathroom. She didn’t want to show that kind of weakness, especially in such a close game. The whole crowd would also probably know what was happening... including Tyler. “I’ll be fine, just some nerves.” She said with a phony sense of confidence. Her need had reached about a 7 and she knew holding it the rest of the game would be pushing her limit.

“Mira you’ve got nothing to worry about you’re playing a great game just keep it up in the second half” her coach reassured her. As the game resumed, she made her way into the field, reassuring herself that as long as she didn’t drink too much more water she’d be able to make it. As the game resumed she didn’t see too much action as the defense had taken their coach’s words to heart and only let a few weak shots come Mira’s way. She soon even received some more help from her offense as one of her teammates was able to boot one past the outstretched arms of the opponent’s goalie. 2-0 lead! However, along with her celebration came a strong signal from her bladder that the pressure was growing. “Come on Mira” she thought to herself.

“You’re an adult now you can hold it.” But she was finding it difficult to stand still, hoping the crowd would view her fidgety movements as an attempt to stay warmed up. She looked at the clock, disheartened to find that only about 1/3 of the second half had elapsed. She decided the best way to distract herself would be to focus intensely on the game, which soon began necessary as the other team’s star forward started becoming very aggressive. Mira was able to block several of her shots but could feel the pressure building both in the game and in her abdomen.

After passing it over her head to a teammate down the field she felt a sharp stab of pain from her bladder and she drew in a sharp breath, instinctively clamping her legs together to try to prevent herself from leaking. That was a close call but in the heat of the competition it seemed her predicament had gone unnoticed. She again looked up at the scoreboard, happy to find that the intense sequence of events had caused the time to pass quickly, with now only 1/3 of the second half remaining. She certainly felt a strong urge to relive herself but felt that as long as she didn’t attempt any more overhead passes she’d be able to make it.

Her attention snapped back to the game as she once again saw the other team’s forward sprinting down the field with the ball. But this time the defender stumbled and fell to the ground, giving her a clear path toward Mira. Crap, thought Mira, she’s got a wide open shot. The forward seemed to be focusing toward the top right corner of the goal as she approached and Mira began to anticipate moving in that direction. Unfortunately, the forward switched feet and kicked the ball in the other direction, Mira realizing her mistake as she was unable and the ball traveled past her into the goal. The other team’s fans erupted in cheers for the first time in the game. Now it was 2-1 and they still had 12 minutes left to play. Frustrated, Mira retrieved the ball knowing the goal wasn’t entirely her fault but wishing she could have stopped it. Her coaches and teammates shouted encouragement from the sidelines but she knew it was going to be an intense game the rest of the way.

To make matters worse, her need had reached almost 8.5 and the elastic of her shorts was pushing painfully against her overfilled bladder. She was very much looking forward to the relief that was on the way if they could just hold off this other team for a few more minutes. She imagined lowering herself sitting blissfully on the toilet her eyes closed in relief as she was finally able to empty her aching bladder. She could already hear the strong stream of her pent-up pee hissing out of her and splashing loudly into the toilet bowl. She hadn’t had to pee this badly in ages. Ok, she’d had a few close calls from barely making it to a rest stop bathroom after drinking too much iced coffee during a family toad trip to barely making through that choir concert after drinking way too much water to try to avoid coughing during her solo.

Then there was the time her most recent date had thought it would be romantic to catch a movie and then walk through the park back to his house. She ate way too much popcorn during the movie bringing on a different kind of desperation. She wondered what part of her sweatily clutching her stomach awkwardly speed-shuffling into a sketchy park bathroom to noisily empty her bowels had caused that to be their last date. But still her accident freshman year was the only time she had leaked more than a few spurts into her panties since grade school other than a few isolated incidents of bedwetting. Her attention snapped back to the game as she saw her teammate take a shot at the goal.

It looked good but bounced off the post, tough luck. As the seven minute park passed Mira felt a wave of desperation and tensed her body, trying to hold it in without betraying to anyone that she was on the verge of wetting her shorts. A few members of the crowd including Tyler had noticed her fidgeting but figured she was nervous about this nail-biter of a game. The next few minutes the ball never made it to Mira’s side of the field meaning there was nothing to distract her from trying to hold her sphincter shut. In reality, she was still around an 8.5 but the inability to hold herself was causing her need to increase in intensity exponentially. As she was attempting to discreetly squeeze her thighs together to lessen the pressure the other team was suddenly making a break down the field toward her.

She saw their star forward receive a pass and begin advancing toward her. This was it, 2 minutes to play if they could get a stop they would win. The other team worked the ball around looking for a clear shot at the goal. With about 30 seconds left to play their forward once again sliced through the defense and took aim at the corner of the goal. But this time Mira has anticipated her shot correctly and was able to dive for it and deflect it with outstretched arms. Her crowd erupted in cheers in response to the game-winning save. The game finally ended and with it came enthusiastic applause from the crowd.

As the coach called them to a huddle to debrief Mira intentionally chose a spot near the back of the huddle where she was finally able to use her hand to discreetly hold herself. Her hand clutching her crotch provided some much needed relief but unfortunately caught the attention of her friend who acknowledged it with a wink. Mercifully, her coach soon wrapped up by congratulating them on a good game and giving them the rest of the weekend. After they broke up the huddle Mira hustled to grab her bag and make a beeline off the field and to the school to the sweet relief of a toilet. However, her friend managed to catch up to her on her way off the field. “Thinking about Tyler there were we?” she teased. Gosh Angie was such a bad influence but they had been best friends since childhood and she knew her better than anyone. “Please Angie stop I have to pee so bad.”

“Ok, ok I’m just saying we’ve got the day off tomorrow and your parents are out of town you could totally invite him over tonight and really show him a good time.” Mira turned red in the face and stammered out something about having homework to do as they exited the field. However, there was going to be one more obstacle on her path to the bathroom as Tyler was waiting outside with a sign and flowers to ask her to homecoming!

As she approached the crowd of her friends turning even redder in the face she managed to get her heart back into rhythm and respond with a “yes, of course!” They put their arms around each other as their friends took pictures but a wave of desperation soon struck her and she had to wriggle to body to hold it in which she played off as just as a way to get out of his grip and turn to tell him something... “um... thank you I can’t wait!” She managed to get out and he responded with a smile and much to her shock asked if he could take the star goalie out for some ice cream, adding that he had brought his bike. Not wanting to disappoint her crowd she responded that of course she would love to!

Ch 3

Her friends all shouted their encouragement as Tyler began to lead her toward the bike rack which was unfortunately in the opposite direction of the school... She hesitated but soon followed him, again feeling too shy to voice her desperate need to use the bathroom. Plus, she figured, they’d just head to the cold stone line 5 minutes down the street and she could perfectly innocently slip into the restroom under the guise of washing the grass and dirt off her hands before eating.

She tried to limit her fidgeting as she fumbled with the bike lock and eventually managed to get on her bike, and she was even able to get a bit of relief by pushing her crotch into the seat. She was now confident she would be able to make the short ride even though her desperation was approaching a 9 at this point. As the cold stone came into view, she felt her bladder give that characteristic spasm when she knew relief was close. She at least hoped the bathroom would be unoccupied so she wouldn’t again have to wait without the benefit of holding herself which she seriously doubted was possible at this point. However, much to her dismay Tyler biked right past cold stone.

Crap! He was probably taking her to that ice cream truck they set up downtown on the weekends. She considered asking him to go back to cold stone, maybe telling him she only had time for the short trip and she could make up something she had to do later. But before she could they were already far past cold stone and she thought it would be too weird to ask him to turn back. They soon arrived at the truck and got in line. It definitely served some unique and delicious ice cream creations and she was glad Tyler had similar taste but unfortunately there was not a bathroom in sight.

Beginning to panic, she asked Tyler if he knew of any bathrooms around where she could wash some of the dirt off her hands and he pointed out the bottle of hand sanitizer sitting on the counter of the truck and said unfortunately that might be all she had to work with. “Oh that’ll be just perfect thanks” she stuttered now truly beginning to panic. She was now at a full 9 and knew she wouldn’t be able to make it to the front of the 10-person line in front of her without either holding herself or wetting herself. And her crush was standing right next to her! Ugh why hadn’t she just run quick into the school before they left. She felt a small spurt escape and dampen her panties and Tyler asked if she was ok as he noticed her tensely fidgeting. “Yeah sorry I’m just nervous I haven’t been on like a date kind of thing in awhile you know.”

“So soccer balls flying at you at a hundred miles an hour is no big deal but eating ice cream that makes you nervous?” Tyler asked jokingly. He realized that may not have been the nicest thing to say so he apologized saying this was his first real date ever and he was plenty nervous too but they were in this together. Mira assured him that he was doing an excellent job but instantly felt another spurt release into her panties. She had to do something, she was about to have an accident in front of the first guy she really liked. Thinking fast, she noticed that the tables around the stand were filling up very quickly and they might not get a spot if they waited until they both got their ice cream. “Hey, um, would it be ok if I go get us a spot to sit before they’re all taken? I’ll take a medium cookies and cream blaster.”

“Oh yeah good call,” Tyler responded, “I can get that ordered for you and I’ll meet you there.” Having at least momentarily avoided humiliation, Mira found a table behind the stand that luckily would be able to conceal her holding herself under the table. She crossed her legs and discreetly slipped her hand between them, trying to hold off the increasingly intense waves of desperation. She could feel the moisture against her nether regions as she pushed her hands into her crotch. She desperately searched for a way to distract herself from her dire situation but couldn’t tear her mind from her desperation. Tyler soon arrived with their ice cream and sat across from her. As he settled in to the seat she took the opportunity to check her shorts for visible wet spots. None yet. By tightly crossing her legs and discreetly holding herself under the table she was able to carry on a conversation for about 15 mins or so.

Despite everything, she was actually really enjoying the time together with Tyler and really hoped she’d be able to get to know him better. However, she knew that her odds of reaching a bathroom in time decreased every minute the date continued. She needed to find a reason to leave and find a bathroom. She soon got a very unfriendly reminder from her bladder that the clock was ticking in the form of an intense spasm that nearly resulted in her leaking despite her holding. She had to find a reason to leave. “Hey, um, I forgot I was supposed to, uh, water the plants in my house after the game. I’d really love to resume this another time but unfortunately I think I have to head back home.”

“Wait,” Tyler said excitedly, “did I just hear that you’re interested in a second date?”

“Absolutely, I’m just sad this one has to come to an end” she responded. “Hey no worries,” said Tyler, “I’d be more that happy to bike you home.” Mira once again panicked, seriously doubting her ability to make it home without an accident but she didn’t know how to politely refuse and instead enthusiastically told him that she would love that. She was definitely at a 9.5 by now, she could feel her painfully swollen bladder aching for release, her overworked sphincter muscles reaching their limit. She realized with horror that Tyler was standing up and that she would have to do the same. All she had to do was stand up and walk a few meters to her bike which she knew might offer her just enough relief to hold on.

Tyler looked at her expectantly as she gingerly unfolded her legs and attempted to exit the table and stand up. She instantly felt a warm spurt but somehow managed to stem the flow. With each hobbling step toward their bikes she felt increasingly larger spurts escape. Tyler asked if she was ok and she just mumbled that she was sore from the game. He likely would have seen through this had he taken a second look but instead he instead took her dish and went to throw it in the trash, giving her a chance to make a desperate break for her bike. She was now leaking large spurts with each delicate step and as she reached her bike she felt a couple drops of pee running down her leg. She managed to hop on her bike and jam her crotch into the seat in attempt to stem the flow.

At first, it wasn’t enough and she released a steady stream of pee onto the bike seat. She braced herself for the worst, at least hoping she could convince Tyler not to tell everyone about her impending accident once he ditched her forever. But by some miracle she managed to stem the flow after a whole second of full-on peeing. She quickly wiped of the several drips of pee cascading down her legs and turned to face away from Tyler, concealing the softball-sized wet patch between her legs. Luckily her shorts were dark blue so he may not notice it unless he was actively looking. Tyler asked her to lead the way as he wasn’t sure how to get back to her house. She set off praying she could somehow finish this date with dignity.

She fought against her bladder with every ounce of muscle in her body as she pedaled along. Tyler was unsure why she was going so fast, figuring she was anxious about the plants drying out or something. Mira felt herself begin to spurt again as she exerted herself trying to get up a small hill. She felt her crotch warming with each movement of her legs. She had to reach down with her hand to stem the flow as she reached the top, hoping Tyler didn’t notice the few drops of urine that dripped down, unable to be absorbed by her now-saturated crotch. But again she was able to do it, there was still a chance she’d make it back to relieve herself in the same bathroom she last peed in roughly 5 hours ago. She managed to make it back to her driveway without incident but now she had to find a way to send Tyler on his way and somehow make it to the bathroom. She turned around on her bike to face him, putting one foot on the ground allowing the seat to still rest against her crotch.

“Thanks...um... for the ice cream I had a really great time and I hope we can hang out again soon.” She managed a smile despite the fact she was in pure agony, now at a 10 the seat pushing against her pee hole the only thing preventing her from having an accident at that moment. Tyler dismounted his bike and made his way toward her, placing a hand on her back and gently kissing her on the cheek. “I would absolutely love that.” He said with a smile. “Congrats again on the win have a good rest of your weekend.” Mira felt her face flush red and her mouth fell open. “Thank you, um, see you Monday then?” She stuttered. “Looking forward to it” said Tyler as they briefly stood in shocked silence.

She finally broke the silence saying she had better go water those plants and with horror she realized that meant getting off the bike and walking to her front door. Mira summoned her last ounces of strength a she swung her leg over the bicycle as hobbled with it toward her front door. She tried to explain away her pained gait, “ah, so sore, you know, from the game...” With the very last of her holding muscles, Mira managed to limit the damage to several forceful spurts, just small enough to be undetectable to Tyler’s concerned eye. She could still make it! However, as she propped her bike up against the stairs and made her way up towards the door she felt herself losing control. She began leaking uncontrollably as she sprinted up the stairs. She could immediately tell that there would be no stopping it this time.

She was peeing herself. The only chance she had was to make it inside before Tyler realized what was happening and at least make herself the only witness to her shameful accident. Streams of hot pee cascaded down her legs, completely unbeknownst to Tyler as he got on his bike to leave. She jammed her legs together, trying to prevent her pee from splashing loudly onto her front steps. Her continuous leaks had now turned into a full forceful stream as she searched desperately through her bag for her key. She suddenly realized in horror that it was all the way in the backyard, under the secret rock. Dismayed, she pulled at the locked door desperately willing it to open. Unfortunately this drew the attention of Tyler just as he was leaving. He shouted from his bike on the sidewalk “Hey is everything ok can you get in?”

He didn’t want to leave his first ever date stranded outside her house. He couldn’t quite see her clearly though the shrubs but he soon heard a response: “No... please... I’m fine I have a, um, spare key... I just have to... please... just go...” he also heard... water splashing? Incredibly confused, he got off his bike and began to make his way to the front steps to check on her. Mira felt like she was in a nightmare. She stood helplessly peeing full force into her soccer shorts as she continued to madly look through her bag, searching for the key that she knew wasn’t there.

She laid down the bag and admitted defeat, allowing the feeling of relief to wash over her. Hot pee hissed forcefully out of her soaking her panties and shorts, splashing loudly onto the ground, cascading down her legs and puddling in her shoes. Her eyes began to well up in tears as she couldn’t believe that, as a fully grown woman, she was just standing there uncontrollably soaking herself outside her own front door. She leaned against the door, finally letting all those muscles that had been tensed holding it in to finally relax.

Tyler came around the corner to see Mira looking furiously through her bag as a large puddle formed beneath her. Wait... was she...

Mira nervously turned around and her worst fears were confirmed. Tyler was standing there with his mouth wide open in shock staring at her as she peed full force for almost a minute. When her stream finally died down after what felt like and eternity, Tyler broke the silence first: “Are... are you ok I’m so sorry... I didn’t mean to see...” Mira tried to respond through her tears “no... please... it wasn’t your fault... I just... had to go and... just please don’t tell anyone?” Tyler had no idea what to say. “Of course I won’t, would you like me to go and I’ll... um... text you later maybe?” Wiping away her tears, Mira responded “yeah... I mean if you want to you know I just...” she pointed to the steps below her and Tyler saw that her pee had cascaded down the stairs all the way to his feet. “Hey, don’t worry about it,” he reassured her, “I know it was an accident.” He offered a sympathetic smile and said he should probably get going and she nodded in agreement.

Mira trudged shamefully through her backyard to procure her key, just praying that none of the neighbors had seen what happened. She made her way inside, leaving her soiled shoes and socks by the door and grabbing a plastic bag for her soiled underwear and uniform. She stepped into the shower and wished the events of the afternoon would just wash down the drain with the water. She soon emerged and dried herself off, picking up her phone and seeing a text from Tyler:

Hey bad things happen to the best of us please don’t be too hard on yourself I heard the new burger place in town is good and I’d love to try it with you next weekend if you’re up for it

As he biked back to his house, Tyler was unable to stop thinking about the image of Mira peeing outside her front door. He found himself wondering what the desperation she experienced must have felt like and what it felt like for her to lose control of her bladder. He began to imagine her soiled clothes lying on the floor... why was he thinking these things? All he knew is that he couldn’t help his curiosity and that he definitely wanted to see Mira again.

