Adding to the Adriatic - a Lupin the Third story

Author: Ms. Tito

*000*2022-09-18 05:23

Here's my entry into the September 2022 writing competition! This story is based on the anime Lupin the Third, and takes place shortly before the events of Part IV: The Italian Adventure. I hope you all like it, personally I think this one is my best work yet!

The Italian Alps

"STOP RIGHT THERE!"

Alarms blared as a figure rushed through the corridors, carrying a bag full of some of Italy's most priceless jewels over his shoulder. Legions of Italian police officers chased after him, but they were outwitted at every turn. The ICPO inspector Koichi Zenigata, however, would not be deterred. The veteran detective has had years, decades even, of experience with this particular criminal. For you see, this was no ordinary thief, this was the infamous criminal mastermind, Lupin the Third.

"Give it up, Lupin, we've got you cornered!" Zenigata smugly assessed, as he pulled out a pair of handcuffs.

"Oh, is that so, Pops?" Lupin smirked, already having an escape plan mapped out in his magnificent brain, and full of faith that his partners would execute it flawlessly.

"You're trapped between us and the side of a mountain. Escape is impossible!" Zenigata was technically right. The mountainside was more than a half thousand foot drop. But this is Lupin the Third he's up against.

"Pops, you should know by now. I'm Lupin the Third. The word 'impossible' isn't in my vocabulary."

"Lupin, we're waiting outside. Hurry up." A gravely voice spoke through Lupin's earpiece. Lupin pressed the button on the earpiece and replied "On my way."

As soon as Zenigata lunged to cuff him, Lupin jumped out of the window into the Alps below, sending Pops face-first into the floor. As Pops got back on his feet, he saw a helicopter rising from below, piloted by Lupin's partners in crime, the gunslinger Daisuke Jigen and the Samurai Goemon Ishikawa. A ladder hung from the chopper, and clinging to it was Lupin, still holding the bag of jewels.

"GET YOUR ASS BACK HERE, LUPIN!"

"Arrivederci, Pops! Let's do this again sometime, okay?" The helicopter flew away as Zenigata yelled after them.

"I SWEAR ON MY BADGE I'LL GET YOU, LUPIN! YOU HEAR ME?! ON MY BADGE!!!!"

100 miles off the coast of Venice, Italy

“So, how much money you think we’ll get for all of this?” Jigen inquired, stroking his pointed beard.

"Enough to buy a mansion. Not that we're in short supply of those." Lupin said.

Goemon chimed in, "It would buy us all the finest Soba we could ever eat."

"Dear God, Goemon, don't you ever eat anything other than Japanese food? You're in friggin' Italy, the land of pizza and Risotto! Do as the Romans do!" Jigen chastized, slightly irritated by Goemon's picky appetite.

"Relax, Jigen. Let the man enjoy his traditions" Lupin said.

Fujiko Mine, Lupin's on-and-off girlfriend, got some wine from the cooler stashed on the boat and poured everyone some drinks. "I suppose this calls for a celebration."

"It wasn't anything special really, just another day in the life of Lupin the Third!" Lupin bragged.

"In any case, I think we should toast. To yet another successful heist!" All four of them raised their glasses and clinked them together before drinking their wine.

A while of drinking later, Fujiko started feeling a slight twinge in her bladder. She moved closer to Lupin and whispered "Hey, Lupin, I kind of need the bathroom."

Lupin broke the news to her bluntly, "Sorry, Fujicakes, but there's no toilet on this boat, and we're miles away from land. There's no way we'd make it back to shore in time."

Fujiko pouted, "So I'm just going to have to hold it all day?!"

"You could go over the side into the ocean" Goemon suggested.

Fujiko couldn't believe her ears. She never figured Goemon for a joker. Did he not get the obvious issue? She chided him, "Don't be ridiculous! I can't do that as easily as you three can!"

Jigen butted in, with very little words of consolation, "I dunno what to tell you, then. It's either that or wetting yourself."

"Great, thanks for the help, Jigen! That really makes me feel better!" Fujiko responded sarcastically.

Jigen threw up his arms in defeat "Jeez, all I did was state the facts."

Fujiko sat back down, wallowing in her discomfort. The ocean waves made her need to go worse. But she continued to drink, despite her better judgement. Each second felt like it was stretched out to a minute, each minute to an hour. Over time, the wine kept adding up, filling her even more.

She was so lost in her own head, thinking of nothing but how badly she needed to piss. She was almost completely zoned out, when she heard Lupin's voice:

"Hey, Fujicakes, look over here!"

She turned her head, and saw Lupin, with his dick in hand, pissing a golden stream into the Adriatic. He was giggling, and wore an ear-to-ear grin. "This feels amazing, wouldn't you agree my darling Fujiko?"

Her face turned red. Red with embarassment, red with arousal, red with fury. But she just couldn't look away. She stared at his cock, and despite seeing it many times, the sight of it never got old.

She snapped back to reality and screamed "Oh you are such a jerk, Lupin!" He finished and zipped back up and went back to what he was doing before. It was so unfair. It's easy for him. She couldn't point and shoot like he could. How she wished she had a penis right about now!

Half an hour later, Fujiko was in really bad shape, curled up into a ball on the seat. She wanted to cry she needed to pee so bad. Why couldn't they have just gone back to shore? She could have held it until then. At least on land, she could have ducked behind a bush, or in an alleyway, or behind something. Anything to use as cover. There was no cover out here. She just had to grin and bear it, but she was not grinning in the slightest.

Lupin saw how miserable Fujiko looked, and despite their constant backstabbing and one-upping each other, despite the breakups and emotional rollercoaster that is their relationship, he still hated seeing her so unhappy. He walked over and sat down next to her. "Hey, Fujiko, how are you holding up?"

Oh she was holding quite well. For how much longer, she didn't know.

"It hurts... I don't think I can hold it anymore."

Lupin rubbed Fujiko's back, and tried to comfort her, saying "You don't have to. You can go over the side."

"I can't just pee wherever I want like you men can! I don't have one of those!" She snapped at him. Realizing how angry she sounded, she apologized. "I-I'm sorry... I don't mean to... I just can't hold it.

"Fujiko, did you forget who you're talking to? I'm Lupin the Third. The word 'impossible' isn't in my vocabulary!" A slight smile showed on her face, but quickly returned to a frown from her agonizing desperation.

"What I mean is, It's harder for women to pee in many places, sure, but not impossible."

She pondered the idea for a moment.

Lupin consoled her, "Hey, Fujicakes, Did you forget how far we are from civilization? That means it's just us out here. No one's gonna see you. Just go."

"But what about Jigen and Goemon? They'll see me."

The other two overheard her worries, and voiced their assurances.

Goemon was the first to "As a Samurai, it is against my code of honor to intrude on a woman's private business. I won't look."

Jigen, who was laying on the seats on the opposite end of the boat, grumbled "I'm not interested. As long as you do it over there, away from me, then I don't give a crap."

"Alright, I'll do it, but not one peek, promise?"

Lupin smiled and said "I promise" before turning away from Fujiko, giving her her much needed privacy.

She hobbled over to the side of the boat and hiked up her red-and-black striped dress, pulling down her panties as well. She hanged her butt over the side of the boat and immediately let the floodgates loose. A loud moan escaped her lips, and she quickly covered her mouth with one of her hands. She just couldn't help it, the relief felt as good as a thousand orgasms. It felt like an eternity passed before she was finally empty. Her stream went strong for a few minutes before tapering off and stopping. She bounced up and down to shake herself dry before pulling her panties back up and her dress back down.

"Okay, you can look now."

Lupin asked her, "Feel better?" Fujiko smiled and said "Yes, so much better. In fact, I think I can go for some more wine!" Lupin was pleased to hear his girlfriend in a happier mood. "Well then, let's open another bottle!"

Although the two thieves have a genuine romantic connection, sadly, the nature of their work demands that they forever be at odds. Still, these small moments together are something to treasure, and just maybe, one day the two can retire together, if they really wanted to.

