Pike's Peak

Author: Morgan91

*000*2017-10-03 03:19

PIKE'S PEAK

A story about friendship, ski trips, and wet snowsuits.

Part 1: The Drive

“I can't believe your parents let Lizzie come along,” Mac groaned, running the mangled straw of his fountain soda between his teeth.

“She's Allie's best friend,” Scott replied, “They felt bad because I got to bring all three of you along and she has no other friends.”

“It's still super gay. Lizzie is the worst.”

“Come on! She's kind of hot though...” Scott snickered.

The two other boys, Andy and Danny looked at each other, smirking quietly while they waited for Mac's overreaction.

“Screw off,” Mac flipped them the bird. “You don't get it. You don't have a sister like Lizzie.”

“We're not going to hang out with them anyway. All Allie and Lizzie want to do is hang out on the bunny hills, pretending they've never skied before. They just wanna hit on those stupid jocks like Marco Dimaggio and Laurence Croix. You know, douche bags.”

Mac slurped the last of his soda and burped with fierce disdain.

Andy and Danny looked at each other again as if they could communicate telepathically. Mac and Scott noticed this a lot; the twins seemed to understand each other on a level they would never tap into.

Mac burped again and laughed. “You two are so gay.”

“That's gross. Even if I were gay, no way I'd be gay with my brother,” Andy pretended to vomit.

“Yeah,” Danny replied, grimacing. “Do you want the rest of my coke, Mac?” He handed the large, half empty fountain drink to Mac. “I don't really want it.”

“Sweet. Free drinks!” Mac smiled and grabbed the soda out of Danny's hand.

“I never buy sodas at the movies,” Scott said, “I don't want to miss out on anything while I'm in the bathroom.”

Mac rolled his eyes, “Dude, you went to the bathroom like five times during the movie!”

Scott didn't say anything and sheepishly stared at the floor. It wasn't his fault he had a small bladder. He tried not to drink any water at sports games either because he knew there was nowhere for him to... go. He remembered the one time in grade two, when he went to his last school, he was playing soccer and he really needed to pee. He asked the coach if he could go, but he was told to wait until the end of the game. Scott couldn't wait. He could almost never wait. He ended up peeing his pants in front of his whole team, the opposing team, and everyone's parents. Scott still had nightmares about that.

Andy smiled at Scott. “It was more like two times. Whatever. Sometimes you just have to pee.”

“Speaking of...” Scott and Allie's mom, Jennifer, peeked into the room, “We're leaving in a minute – if you boys need to use the loo, I suggest you do so now. It's about two hours to Pike's Peak and there aren't any rest stops; consider this your warning.”

“Thanks for the heads up, Mrs. Gellar,” Andy replied.

After Scott's mom shut the door, Mac let out a burst of laughter he had been suppressing. “Haha! Mrs. Gellar? Man, you're such a suck up, Andy.”

Andy rolled his eyes, “Whatever.”

“You totally want to bang Scott's mom! Oh Jennifer, ohhhh!” Mac joked.

“Shut up!” Scott playfully punched his best friend in the shoulder. “That's nasty, Mac!”

Mac took another long sip of the soda he took from Danny and burped obnoxiously, again. “Thanks again, Danny. This is righteously delicious.” He placed the empty disposable soda cup carelessly on top of Scott's bedside table. “Now I'm gonna take a piss.” Mac confidently walked out of the room and down the hall.

“I'm gonna use the downstairs,” Scott told the twins. “You guys can go after. See you downstairs!”

When the twins were alone, Danny nervously looked to his one-minute-older brother. “Andy...”

“What?”

Danny bit his lip a little. He was definitely the shyer and more anxious of the two boys. “Did you remember the Gravol?”

Andy shrugged. “Yeah, I think it's in the backpack mom gave us. It's not even that far. I don't think you'll even need it.”

Danny looked worried. “But what if...”

“Don't worry! It's gonna be fine. You haven't puked in forever. You probably don't even get carsick anymore!”

“But...!”

“If you feel like you're gonna puke, just look out the window of close your eyes or think about not puking, okay? You'll be fine!”

“So you forgot the Gravol?” Danny meekly replied.

Andy grinned sheepishly.

The twins headed to the respective bathrooms and met up with everyone downstairs.

“Everyone ready for a day at The Peak?!” Mike, Scott and Allie's dad, asked. He was great at revving the boys up for an adventure, even something as tame as skiing.

The boys cheered. Allie and Lizzie rolled their eyes. “Dad, stop being so lame.”

“You love it, kiddo,” Mike replied.

“Has everyone gone to the bathroom? Do you all have your ski passes?” Jennifer expressed her worries aloud.

The boys and teen girls groaned, “yes,” in unison and they headed out to the eight-seated mini van.

About twenty minutes into the ride, Mac felt like he needed to pee again. He was suddenly regretting drinking all of Danny's soda. It wasn't too bad. He could probably make it to The Peak before it was too late. Mac had definitely been in more dire situations. Last year, in the third grade they went to the museum on the other side of town for a day trip. He bought a gallon of soda from the corner store during lunch break and proceeded to drink the whole thing in front of his class just to prove he could. Mac went to the bathroom three or four times before getting on the bus back home, but it proved to not be enough.

The bumpy bus ride definitely wasn't helpful in his situation and he ended up doing a sitting down version of the ever-embarrassing “pee-pee dance” for an hour until he got back to school. When he finally got to the bathroom, he undid his pants but started leaking into his underwear. Mac didn't care at the time; nothing felt better than that moment he let loose in that bathroom. His white undies were soaked through and he threw them in the trash can. He went without underwear for the rest of the day. When his mom questioned where they were, he told her he had forgotten to wear any.

Scott, Danny, and Andy were sitting in the last row of seats, very quietly. Danny and Andy both had 3DS's that they were glued to and Scott had a hand-me-down iPod that had been Allie's before she upgraded to an iPhone. He had made sure to delete all of her terrible pop music and put on some of the super cool metal and punk music he got from Danny and Andy's dad (who had a Mohawk). Mr. Monroe was probably the coolest parent Scott had ever come into contact with and he desperately envied the twins in that department.

Andy was sitting at the window seat, lapping his brother at Mario Kart. Usually they were quite well-matched, but today Danny's performance left something to be desired.

“Dude, what's wrong? I'm totally lapping you!” Andy whispered, lightly slapping his brother's arm.

Danny looked over at his brother, his face was pale and sheepish. “I don't feel very good,” he meekly mumbled. He shut the screen of his 3DS and closed his eyes.

Andy shut his own 3DS and rubbed his brother's back, “Here, just lean over a little. Just like mom tells you to do and breathe. You're fine.”

“I feel really sick,” Danny replied, almost inaudibly.

Scott snapped out of his daze and saw Danny in the middle seat, leaning over. “Dad! Pull over! Danny's gonna puke!”

“Danny, I need you to chill out for a minute – the highway's pretty narrow here,” Mike shouted to the boys.

Danny clutched his stomach and began breathing through his nose rapidly. He put a hand over his mouth.

“Dude, you're gonna be okay,” his twin brother reassured.

Danny shook his head. The bumpy, windy road had not been kind to his weak stomach, and neither had those movie theater burgers.

“Dad, please pull over!” Scott exclaimed.

The van came to a gentle stop on the side of the road. Scott had never moved so quickly out of the car in his life. Andy helped unbuckle his sick brother's seat belt and led him out of the car. They helped Danny sit down on a rock.

“Are you okay?” Andy asked.

Danny nodded. “I just... I just didn't feel good.”

“Danny, I'm going to give you a couple of plastic bags just in case your tummy gets upset again,” Jennifer offered. “I wouldn't want you to mess up your new snow suit.” She sat down next to the sick boy and rubbed his back for a bit. “Why don't we sit here for a minute and make sure you're feeling okay before we start driving again.”

Danny nodded and stared at the perfect, white snow at his feet. The ground was still, and he felt much better. He desperately wished that Andy had remembered the Gravol. He took a few more deep breaths and closed his eyes.

Meanwhile, back in the car, Mac was sitting next to his sister and completely ignoring her idiotic conversation with Allie about how cute the new guy at school was. He was getting more and more desperate to pee. He thought he should go out and see if Danny was okay and if there were any good spots to piss in the near by ditch, but he saw everyone coming back to the car and he didn't want to be a burden, or give Scott a good reason to make fun of him. He didn't need that. Weak-bladdered Scott couldn't win this one. Mac shifted his legs ever so gently and squeezed his crotch. He hoped it wouldn't be too much longer.

“Oh my god, we're going to be so late. What if Avery Long and that gross ginger bitch, Christie-Kay Weinberger end up stealing all the boys away?” Lizzie moaned.

“I fucking hate Christie-Kay Weinberger. Her parents are so rich and she's just such a fucking goodie-goodie.”

“Alison, language!” Mike shouted from the driver's seat.

Alison screamed through her teeth in a typical teen girl rage. “Dad! I'm almost an adult! I'll be fourteen in a month!”

Her father suppressed his careless chuckles.

“I can't believe you let Scott and his idiot friends come on this family trip!”

“Well, honey, we let you bring Lizzie.”

“But Dad, you literally let Scott bring three of his idiot friends!”

“And I *literally* would've let you bring three of your friends, but Lizzie was the only one who could come this weekend,” Mike argued.

“Ugh!” Allie shouted.

Jennifer and the three boys piled back into the car. “Mac, can you switch seats with Danny so he can have a window seat? I think it'll help with his carsickness.”

“Sure,” Mac gulped. He wasn't sure if he could move without leaking a little. He pulled his jacket down over his crotch just in case and scrunched his legs together as he slowly got up and moved to the back seat between Andy and Scott.

“Danny, if you need us to pull over again, just shout. If you're gonna be sick, use these bags.” Jennifer handed him a couple of grocery store bags and they took off.

Danny felt a lot better, but closed his eyes for a bit. He didn't want to listen to Lizzie and Allie's conversation either.

Andy turned Mario Kart back on. He was going to use this time to practice and beat Danny when the playing field was level again. Scott turned his music on again and ignored Mac's near-constant fidgeting. They all figured it was the ADHD and conduct disorders he had been supposedly diagnosed with. Mac kept turning off and on his budget brand MP3 player and jiggling his legs. He was biting his lip, hoping they would have to make another stop soon or that they would just get to Pike's Peak.

He was sure his bladder was completely full and one false move would break the dam. He closed his eyes and squeezed his legs together in desperation. He had never needed to pee this badly before. He looked out the window for a while, trying not to draw attention to himself. He saw a sign that read Pike's Peak Resort: 25 Miles. If they were going 50 miles per hour, that would mean half an hour until they got there... Mac squeezed his legs together. He wasn't sure if he could make it that long! He grabbed his crotch tightly. It was now or never.

“Um, Mike?”

“Yeah, kiddo?”

“I … I really need to go to the bathroom,” Mac whimpered.

“Well, can you hold it for a bit? I don't think there are any bathrooms until we get to The Peak.”

“Um...”

“Try and hold it, buddy. We'll be there soon. Maybe ten minutes.”

“Okay. I think I can hold it,” Mac replied. Both of his hands were holding onto his crotch and he was shaking with desperation. He was almost crying. He jiggled and held until he felt like twenty minutes had gone by.

“Mike... I have to go really, really, really bad!”

“We're almost there, Mac. Just hold it, bud.”

“No, no, no, no, no... I mean really, really, really, really bad.”

Scott looked over at his best friend. “Didn't you go pee before we left?”

“Yeah,” Mac winced.

“And you said I have a weak bladder...” Scott replied.

“Shut... up...”

“You probably shouldn't have drank all that soda Danny gave you.”

“Mm...hmm...”

“I hope you're not thinking about running water. Or dripping taps. Or waterfalls. Or dams breaking...”

“Stop it!” Mac screamed, shoving a hand down his pants and grabbing hard onto his crotch. “I'm gonna piss my pants!”

Scott laughed uncontrollably. His best friend deserved this. He made a hissing sound. “Hahaha, you're gonna pee yourself!”

Tears streamed down Mac's cheeks. He could see the entrance of the park in the far-off distance. “Mike, can we p-please stop? I'm... I'm n-not gonna m-make it...!”

“Okay, okay, hold your horses...” Mike grumbled.

Mac didn't have any more horses to hold. He let a little bit go into his underwear. The pressure wasn't relieved at all. His stomach started to hurt. He let a little bit more out. And a little bit more. And a little bit more. And then a lot more. He felt a cold sweat drench over him. He looked over at Scott, who said nothing and gave him the same horrified, blank look.

“Dad...” Scott worriedly called.

“Boys! I'm trying to pull over. Please!”

“Dad... Mac... Mac peed his pants...”

Mike said nothing and kept driving. The scent of fresh urine made the car smell of ammonia. It was not the adventure the boys were hoping for.

Mac said nothing for a long time. His snowsuit was absolutely drenched and he felt like crying. Scott would never let him live this one down. His silence was more terrifying than the taunts Scott had uttered earlier. He felt a tear dribble down his cheek and another dribble of urine down his leg. Holding anything in didn't seem to matter anymore.

Danny woke up feeling groggy and nauseous. The smell of pee hung in the air. Bleary-eyed, he looked around and tried to get his bearings, but he just felt sick and confused. He wasn't sure if he was going to throw up, so he looked for the bags Scott's mom had given him. They were nowhere to be seen.

Lizzie and Allie, who were sitting beside him, were still engulfed in their conversation about which guy at school was hotter and they were glad none of their crushes had ever peed themselves like Lizzie's little brother.

Danny looked out the window at the snow falling softly outside. His mom had told him that looking out the window can sometimes help when you're feeling carsick. Unfortunately for him, it didn't seem to work. He closed his eyes again, hoping to get back to sleep.

It didn't work, though. Danny's stomach turned over as they went over another bump. He leaned over, eyes closed. He still felt dizzy and sick. Danny clutched his stomach, feeling the burn of vomit trying to escape from the bottom of his gut.

Lizzie looked over at the boy sitting on her right. “Oh my god, Allie, your brother's weird little conjoined twin friend is totally gonna puke.”

“Dad! Dad! Stop the car!”

“Alison! We are almost there! Whatever it is can wait two minutes!”

“Dad! Seriously! Scott's stupid friend is gonna puke!”

Mike turned around and saw Danny trying to swallow his sick. “Oh f-”

“Danny, honey, use the bags I gave you!” Jennifer calmly instructed.

Allie and Lizzie were frantically looking for plastic bags as Danny tried desperately to keep his stomach contents inside his body. He could taste last night's acidic dinner on the back of his tongue. He could smell the horrible public bathroom smell of urine from Mac's accident.

Allie was ready to give up, “Mom, I can't find-”

Danny couldn't hold back anymore and blew chunks of cheap burger and old spaghetti all over the middle of the van, and his snow suit. He was so embarrassed that he started to cry.

*005*2017-10-27 07:45

PIKE'S PEAK

A story about friendship, ski trips, and wet snowsuits.

Part 2: Hot Chocolate, Cold Snow

After the long car ride, everyone was very thankful to get out of the (now incredibly) messy van. Jennifer opened the sliding side door and unbuckled a sleeping Danny. “We're here,” she cheerfully said in that sort-of fake Mom voice.

Danny opened his eyes.

“Are you feeling any better?” Jennifer asked.

Danny groggily shook his head.

“How about some hot chocolate, boys?” the mother asked.

Lizzie and Allie looked at each other in disgust. “We're heading to the bunny hills,” Allie told her parents. The girls pushed past the sickly twin boy and grabbed their skis from the back of the van before tearing off towards a snowy wonderland of 'cute' boys.

Andy, Mac, and Scott slowly got up from the back seats. There was still a wet spot from where Mac had his accident. Surprisingly, Mac still felt like he needed to pee. He was thankful that Scott's family's van was warm and his snowsuit was mostly dry now. His underwear and long johns were still soaking wet and he could smell pee from his accident. Mac was incredibly thankful that Scott and Andy weren't making fun of him.

“Boys, you can head to the lodge with Jennifer. I've got to clean out the van before I hit the slopes,” Mike called from the front seat.

Danny felt incredibly bad about getting carsick. He was starting to wonder if it was more than just carsickness as he still felt queasy. He grabbed his skis out of the back of the van, as did the other boys.

“Danny, if you're still not feeling well, you can have a sleep in the lodge for a bit,” Jennifer reassured him.

The boy nodded and whispered, “Thanks.”

The boys followed Jennifer to the little log cabin the family had rented. It had a couple of bedrooms for when the family stayed there over the Christmas break. Jennifer showed Danny to the bedroom where Scott and Allie usually slept and offered him Scott's bed. Danny took off his slightly-puked-on snowsuit and slipped under the covers. Jennifer gave him a plastic mixing bowl and a bottle of water. “Just in case you feel like you're gonna throw up...”

Danny shut his eyes and fell back to sleep.

Meanwhile in the kitchen, Scott, Mac, and Andy were boiling water for instant hot chocolate that seemed plentiful. Mike had bought a case of it on sale a year ago because the kids always seemed to drink it before their vacations ended. He also liked to put it in his coffee, along with Baileys, in the mornings.

“I can't believe my stupid sister is hanging out on the bunny hills. Doesn't she know that's for babies?” Mac groaned, shifting his weight from leg to leg.

“Pretty sure her and Allie are just trying to go on dates with Marco and Laurence. You know, those dumb football jocks,” Scott snickered.

“Where's your bathroom?” Andy asked, grabbing at his crotch, “I've had to pee for like an hour!”

Mac suddenly remembered his urge to pee as well and squeezed his legs together.

“Down the hall between the bedrooms,” Scott pointed, noticing his other friend's desperate urge out of the corner of his eye.

“Man, I can't believe Danny puked that much,” Mac said, still dancing slightly.

“Yeah, he looked really sick,” Scott said.

“And, um, I'm sorry...”

“For what?”

“For pissing in your car. I swear it was an accident. Shit...”

Scott shrugged, “It happens.”

The kettle had started to boil and Scott carefully poured it into the three large mugs, half full of instant hot chocolate mix.

Mac smiled and started sipping his drink.

“Aren't you gonna mix it?!” Scott exclaimed in disgust.

“Nah. I like the big chunks of chocolate at the bottom.”

Scott made a sick face and stirred his until it was perfect.

Mac took another swig of his drink. “Man, I really need to piss again. When is Andy gonna be done in there?!”

Scott snickered. “He's probably messing.”

Mac grinned from ear to ear. He loved hearing Scott curse. His grin quickly faded as he felt another pang in his groin. He scrunched his legs together and put down his drink.

“Dude, you'd better not pee your pants again,” Scott grumbled.

Mac shut his eyes and grabbed his penis, waddling over to the bathroom. He knocked loudly on the old wooden door, “Andy! Yo, Andy, I really have to piss!” Mac shouted.

“Just a sec,” Andy called, zipping up his jeans and then pulling on his snow pants.

“Jesus, I'm gonna piss my pants!” Mac exclaimed, pulling at his crotch. He heard the sound of rushing water as Andy washed his hands. The sound of water made him even more desperate. He commenced a more vigorous pee-pee dance. He was ready to burst.

Just as he was about to let loose, Andy swung open the door. Mac rushed in behind him. He shut the door and struggled to pull down his snow pants. One of the buckles of the overalls was stuck! Mac danced, crossing one leg over the other, trying so hard to keep from leaking. He tugged at the buckle until it gave way and pulled down his pants as fast as he could. His very wet long johns and underwear had a convenient hole he could unbutton and he let loose a hard, desperate to be released stream of urine. Mac sighed a deep sigh.

After relieving himself, he pulled off the long johns and underwear and flushed his underwear down the toilet. He wiped out the long johns as best he could with a hand towel. He hated the feeling of skiing in wet pants. It was a feeling he hadn't encountered since he was just five and his parents brought him to a nearby frozen lake to skate on. He was too scared to ask for the bathroom and ended up peeing himself in the middle of the ice. Nobody knew until he got home and his parents discovered his wet pants. Mac remembered his dad hitting him with a leather belt that night. He hadn't wet his pants since.

Mac emerged from the bathroom, ready to take on the slopes.

“Do you want another hot chocolate?” Scott asked.

“Nah,” Mac sighed. He knew better than to have another drink this time, but watched as both Andy and Scott gulped down another large mug of instant chocolate. “Hope you're ready for The Widowmaker.”

Scott raised an eyebrow, “There's no way any of us can survive that one. Even my dad says he's not experienced enough.”

Andy grinned from ear to ear. “I bet you both ten bucks I can survive it.”

“You're too pussy to do it,” Mac challenged.

Andy rolled his eyes, “Stop talking about yourself!”

“I'm not a pussy. I just don't want to die,” Mac snapped.

“Let's just start off with the easy crap and then take on the more fun stuff. We've only got a few hours before we have to head back,” Scott suggested.

Andy and Mac both sighed and followed Scott out to the slopes.

*008*2017-10-30 06:09

{{On 10/27/2017 at 1:54 PM, Pilly Christal said:

Thanks for the new chapter! :)

I liked it, the boys are really cute, but I'm so sorry about Danny. :( I hope he will get well soon! :)

But the next chapter seems to be really exciting... that too much chocolate will have it's effect.

I'll wait for next one!

}}

Thanks! Currently working on it along with other things. Glad you're liking it!

*009*2017-10-30 23:41

PIKE'S PEAK

A story about friendship, ski trips, and wet snowsuits.

Part 3: The Widowmaker

Allie pulled out her phone to check her messages and huffed, “Ugh! Why does Marco have to teach all these little jerks how to ski? Doesn't he have time for me?”

Lizzie rolled her eyes, “Oh my god, I know; Laurence has spent the last ten minutes just dicking around with Riley Woodman. I mean, they're both cute, but like... what about us? We're totally hot right?” Lizzie brushed some snow off her sunset-coloured jacket.

Both girls had crushed on dark, curly-haired Riley Woodman last year, but in order to stay friends, both girls slowly came to resent Riley as if he were a force that would tear the world apart. The boy knew nothing of Lizzie and Allie's unspoken agreement and watched obliviously as the two tried to hit on his two best friends.

“I know,” Allie smiled, “We should wait until their breaks and then get them to buy us mochas at the coffee stand!”

Lizzie sighed. “I'm totally not waiting for that.” She slowly skied towards the bunny hills. Lizzie stopped for a moment and looked back. “You may as well come with; hiding in the bushes won't win you Marco Dimaggio!” she teased.

Allie begrudgingly followed. She didn't want to pretend to learn how to ski; she knew what she was doing. All she really wanted was to share a coffee with Marco and do one of the harder runs with him by her side. Lizzie seemed to think that to get the guys she needed to be a damsel in distress.

As they approached the bunny hill, Marco greeted the two girls with a grin and a welcoming wave. “Allie! Lizzie! 'Sup?!” he called, gently pushing the last of his line of young kids down the tiny hill.

“Hey Marco!” Allie called, skiing faster towards her crush's post.

“Didn't think you'd make it up this weekend,” Marco grinned, showing his perfect teeth.

Allie giggled, blushing cheeks stinging in the cold.

Lizzie rolled her eyes, “Where did Laurence and that jerk Riley run off to?”

Marco shrugged, “Probably off getting another coffee. They didn't even offer to grab me one...”

“Oh, I'll go grab one for each of us,” Lizzie offered, winking not-so-subtly at her best friend.

Meanwhile, Scott, Andy, and Mac were standing next to the Widowmaker. They had already tried all of the mid-range slopes and Andy was getting bored. “Come on, guys!” he called.

Scott shook his head, “No way, man. I'm heading back. I drank way too much hot chocolate...”

Mac said nothing, for once. He had been holding it for a while now and intended to head back with Scott before it was too late.

“Well, I'm going for it!” Andy demanded.

“Dude! No! You're gonna hurt yourself!” Scott protested, “Please, let's go home!”

“You're just begging me to go cause you need to pee. Just go in the woods!” Andy shouted back.

Scott shook his head; he really didn't want Andy to make an attempt to injure himself. “We're going back. If you get hurt, it's your own fault.”

Mac felt another twinge of desperation “Scott... I gotta get back. I really gotta go...”

“Me too man. But we can just piss in the bushes. I really don't want Andy to hurt himself,” Scott warned. He adjusted himself, tugging at his crotch.

Mac shook his head, “No dude... I have to go number two. Like real bad.” Mac clutched his stomach. He knew he shouldn't have drank that hot chocolate; Mac's lactose intolerance was something he was still embarrassed by. He winced, trying to keep everything inside. “Dude, I really have to go.”

“Yo, Andy! We're heading back. Mac's feeling sick.” Scott called.

Andy didn't reply; he was already shakily heading down the run.

Scott gruffly sighed as he and Mac made their way back to the cabin.

The boys barely exchanged a word between them as they tried desperately to keep their messes inside their privates. Mac could feel the liquid diarrhea leak into his already soiled longjohns. His stomach grumbled in agony as he made his way closer to the cabin.

Scott was having his own struggles. He regretted drinking even one hot chocolate, being that his small bladder could barely handle any liquid before activites. He adjusted his privates again, stretching his underwear from inside his pants to hold back his desperate urges. If he hadn’t been so shy, he would’ve just gone right there outside. The boys were almost at the cabin and begrudgingly removed their skis. Mac ran into the bathroom before Scott was able to sneak in front. He took off his snow pants and squeezed his legs together. His blue longjohns were bunched up around his crotch where he had been holding on. Scott crossed his right leg over his left and shut his eyes. He tried the same thing with his left leg. He tried bouncing up and down. He tried grabbing onto his penis. Nothing would stop the urge; nothing would stop the pee from coming. “Mac, hurry up! I really, really, really need to go pee!”

Meanwhile, Mac’s stomach wasn’t feeling much better. He sat on the toilet, feeling a horrible burning sensation in his guts as he expelled the unwanted dairy products from his body. He vigorously wiped the diarrhea from the inside of his pants, but the stain wouldn’t go away. He regretted throwing his underwear away. “Just a sec!” he called. The stench from his excrement was filling the room.

“Come on!” Scott desperately cried, banging on the door, “I have to go!” He was dancing like a maniac trying to keep it under control. Nothing was working. Scott crouched down and held onto the tip of his penis, closing his eyes.

Back on the ski hill, Andy was coasting down the slope, slow and steady. It was a much tougher run than he’d expected and he could feel the hot chocolate he drank earlier catching up to him. He tried to see where the end of the run was, but it was a long way down. He felt the pressure building in his groin and tried hard to hold it without twisting his legs. He didn’t want to fall over or lose balance. He quickly squeezed his thighs together if only just to adjust himself for a moment. Andy felt the urge grow stronger. “I really gotta go,” he said to himself. He was starting to regret not heading back to the cabin with Scott and Mac.

Scott hit a bumpy part of the hill and was having a really hard time holding it. He sacrificed one of his poles to grab onto his crotch tightly. He bit his lip and squeezed his legs together. He could see the end of the run in just a few meters.

Just then, a bump threw him off balance. Scott gasped and tripped over his skis, letting go of his hold. He felt the warm pee filling his underwerar and then trickling down the legs of his snow pants as he crashed to the ground. One of his feet was caught in his ski; Andy could feel his leg was twisted in a weird direction. At first he only felt shame of falling down and peeing his pants as the crowd grew around him. Then he felt the excruciating pain. He looked over at his leg, realizing he had broken it and began to bawl, mostly due to shock. He watched as Scott’s parents made their way over to the boy along with the medics hired to watch over the hill.

“Andy! Andy! Are you okay?” Jennifer exclaimed.

“M-m-my leg…” Andy said, staring into the abyss, “I… I think it’s broken.”

Jennifer put a hand to Andy’s cold face, “It’s going to be alright, dear. We’re going to take you to get fixed up.”

The medic smiled at Andy, “Yeah kiddo, it won’t be long. We just have to get you out of this snow suit and set your leg before we airlift you to the hospital.”

Andy looked worried.

“You’ll be fine!” the medic smiled.

Andy shook his head and went completely red with embarrassment, “I… I wet my pants…”

“Trust me, kid. I’ve seen way worse. At least urine is sterile.”

Jennifer walked back to the cabin to grab Danny, as the twins would be picked up later from the hospital by Mr. Monroe. She opened the door to see Scott holding himself in front of the bathroom and a horrible musty smell coming from inside. “Boys, your friend Andy has broken his leg… he’s being sent to the hospital… Scotty, do you need to go to the bathroom?”

“Mac won’t let me in. I’m gonna pee my pants!” he exclaimed.

Jennifer knocked on the door, “Mac, honey, are you okay?”

Mac gasped, “Uh, just a sec!”

Scott danced from foot to foot, desperately hanging on, “You said that like an hour ago!”

“I just… I’m not…” Mac’s words were inaudible over the sound of him evacuating his bowels again.

Jennifer grabbed her son’s arm, “Just pee outside. I don’t think Mac’s feeling well.”

Scott shyly followed, barely able to walk. He hadn’t peed outside in a really long time and felt pretty awkward about it.

“Don’t worry. I won’t let anyone see you,” Jennifer reassured him.

Scott closed his eyes and squeezed his penis, but he felt himself spring a leak. “Mom…”

Jennifer turned around to see Scott holding himself but ultimately losing the battle as pee soaked through his pants and down his legs into his socks. Jennifer sighed. “Scotty, do we need to go back to wearing Pull-Ups?” she whispered.

Scott gulped. He hadn’t worn Pull-Ups since his last school.

“If you keep doing this, you will have to start wearing them until we can trust you to hold it,” Jennifer warned. “You can’t keep having accidents like this. You’re nine years old! Now go get a change of clothes from your room. We’ve got to wake Danny up so he can head to the hospital with his brother."

If anyone has any suggestions/have anything they would like to see happen in upcoming chapters, please let me know. Taking suggestions but can't 100% guarantee I will write it into this specific story. I definitely want to hear what you guys think/what you're interested in. Thanks again for all the kind words so far!

*014*2017-11-01 04:12

{{18 hours ago, jippy said:

Not really a sugggestion but what ages are the characters? We know Scott is nine now and I guess the other 2 guys are two, how old are the sisters?

}}

In part 1, it was mentioned that Scott was in 3rd grade last year; usually 4th graders are around 9 years old depending on birth month. Also mentioned in part 1 that Allie "will be fourteen in a month" meaning the girls are around 9th grade so 14ish; Allie's birthday is late in the year.

Just to be a wee bit clearer, it's early November when this story takes place. I made a sort of cheat sheet for the characters for those who are interested...

Scott Michael Gellar, 9, born September 8

Alison (Allie) Leslie Gellar, 13, born December 12

Jennifer Margaret Gellar, 41, born April 19

Michael Robert Gellar, 43, born October 20

Mackinley (Mac) Stephan Carver, 9, born January 29

Elizabeth (Lizzie) Rose Carver, 14, born February 3

Daniel (Danny) Connor Monroe, 9, born May 30

Andrew (Andy) Colton Monroe, 9, born May 30

The more minor characters Marco Dimaggio, Laurence Croix, and Riley Woodman are in 10th grade, so around 15 years old. Avery Long and Christy-Kay Weinberger are in 9th grade and are around the same age as Allie and Lizzie. Danny and Andy's cool punk rock dad is in his late 30's. ...I don't think I've missed anyone.

{{8 hours ago, BENAir01 said:

I think he said like 12.

Anyway stiry continues to be great.

}}

Sorry for any inconsistencies - I don't think I actually said their ages outright (except Allie). But thank you!

{{8 hours ago, Pilly Christal said:

Yeah, I'd like to know their age, somehow I thought that they are a bit older than 12 :)

}}

The dialogue is a bit rough in parts - I haven't written anything with heavy dialogue in years. Thank you for the feedback! (And honestly I did curse a bunch as an elementary schooler, but that isn't the case for most kids I don't think...)

{{1 hour ago, bazinga said:

I love everything about this story! x

}}

Thank you! More to come soon.

*018*2017-11-03 19:51

PIKE'S PEAK

A story about friendship, ski trips, and wet snowsuits.

Part 4: Dreams & Misfortune

Danny woke up with a pressing urge to go. He felt groggy from sleeping all day and his mouth still tasted like puked up burgers. He grabbed his crotch and fumbled down the long, dark hallway, feeling the wood panels as he stepped carefully towards his final destination. He could feel himself losing control and shoved his hand down his pants, trying to cut off the spurts of pee coming from his urethra. Danny had to stop for a moment and adjusted himself, slowly shuffling down the hall, knees knocking together. He knew he could win this battle… but where in the world was the bathroom? He could’ve sworn it was right between the two bedrooms. He held tighter and took a few more steps.

“Andy?” he called out for his brother. Realizing it was futile, he called out again, “Is anyone home?” He felt some pee leak onto his hand and he continued down the hall. “I really have to go pee,” he whispered into the nothingness. Danny felt a door handle; he tried to jiggle it open, but it wouldn’t budge. “Please hurry!” he shouted to whoever was inside, “I have to go to the bathroom really really bad!” Danny pee-pee danced in front of the door, hoping that whoever was inside would hurry up. He felt another spurt from his urethra and grimaced. “Please!” he called, grabbing his penis with the other hand. He heard a deep groan from behind the door and it slowly creaked open.

Danny flung the door open and raced inside to see a dank, mouldy looking outhouse. He shyly looked around. When he stared into the mirror, he saw his mother’s dead, rotting face and he screamed, letting loose all over his pants.

Danny woke up to soaked sheets and Jennifer bursting into his room.

“Sweetie, we need to go take your brother to hospital; he’s fallen and broken his leg,” Jennifer said, matter-of-factly. “Let’s get you out of those wet clothes and we’ll head up to the landing pad.”

Danny put his head in his hands and started to cry. He was so scared of his brother getting hurt like his mom had and then never coming back. He wasn’t even embarrassed about his accident anymore.

“Don’t worry, honey. Accidents happen. You can just wear a pair of Scott’s pants,” Jennifer reassured him, going in for a hug.

Danny wrapped his arms around Jennifer, remembering how much he missed hugs from his mother. “Mom,” he whispered, letting tears flow down his cheeks.

Jennifer stroked the boy’s hair whispering, “It’s okay.”

Meanwhile, back on the slopes, Lizzie was trying her hardest to share a mocha with Laurence. “Oh my gosh, you should totally try it. It’s like a hot chocolate with coffee,” Lizzie explained.

Laurence rolled his eyes, “I don’t share drinks.”

Riley snickered, “Oh, c’mon Laur - she probably doesn’t have herpes or anything.”

Laurence glared at his friend and then looked back at Lizzie, who was surely disappointed.

“Fine. If you’re not going to take a free drink from a nice girl, we should get going. Break is only half an hour and I want to try The Widowmaker again,” Riley said, hands on his hips.

“I heard they closed it cause some moron kid broke his leg. It’s like a crime scene up there right now,” Laurence sighed.

Lizzie grimaced. She hoped to God it wasn’t Mac; she would never hear the end of it from her parents.

“Ooh, crime scenes? That sounds amazing! Let’s go!” Riley grabbed Laurence’s hand and they headed up towards the entrance to the Widowmaker.

“Laurence, wait-” Lizzie called, but the boys didn’t hear her. Lizzie ran after them, desperately hoping Laurence would notice her.

“When do you think Lizzie is coming back?” Marco asked Allie.

“Um… it might be a while. She’s probably just trying to get Laurence to go out with her.”

Marco suppressed a laugh. “She doesn’t know?”

Allie shot him a confused look.

“Laurence is… definitely taken. I’m sure he’ll let her know,” Marco smiled. “My break’s done in about twenty minutes. Do you wanna go hang out in my family’s cabin? I’m the only one up here this weekend, so it’ll just be you and I.”

“You came up here alone?” Allie queried.

“Well, yeah. I got a ride with Riley and his older brother but my parents said I could use the cabin…”

“Wow, cool.” Allie was amazed that Marco’s parents trusted him like that. She was certain that Mike and Jennifer would never trust her to be on her own anywhere. Marco was fifteen, though. Maybe when she was fifteen…

“Let’s go - I really don’t have a lot of time left before the next class of bunny hill babies shows up!” Marco grabbed Allie’s hand and they headed off to his cabin.

Marco unlocked the door and led Allie to his parent’s room. He pulled back the covers of the queen size bed. “Do you wanna cuddle?”

Allie shrugged uncomfortably. She had never done any of this before. Her heart was racing, “Uh….”

“C’mon. It’ll be nice,” Marco demanded. He took off his ski pants, revealing his slightly muscular frame and an erect bulge in his long johns.

Allie shyly removed her jacket and ski pants. She said nothing and hopped into bed with Marco.

He kissed her cheek tenderly and whispered, “I’ve wanted this for so long…” Marco reached around to Allie’s front, feeling her up and down until he discovered the elastic band at the top of her leggings.

Allie gasped and put her hand atop Marco’s in mild resistance, but he fought her and reached down to her nether regions. Allie squeaked and pulled Marco’s hand away.

“I thought you wanted this!” Marco shouted, “What the hell, Allie?!”

“I didn’t…” Allie started, but she choked up and started to cry.

“Get out!” Marco shouted, throwing her jacket at her.

When Lizzie finally got to the top of the run, she noticed Laurence and Riley standing behind a tree, holding each other in a loving embrace and making out. She dropped her mocha in shock and loudly gasped. Both boys turned around, cold faces blushing with embarrassment.

“P-please don’t tell my dad…” Laurence whispered.

Lizzie said nothing.

Jennifer lay out some clothes for Scott to wear on the nightstand. “These are for after your shower when Mac is done in the bathroom,” she told him, “Danny and I are heading to the hospital with Andy. Dad will take you and Mac and the girls home in a few hours.”

Scott nodded, removing his wet pants and underwear. “Tell Andy I’m sorry…”

“Sorry for what?”

“For not looking out for him… I told him not to do that run…”

“Honey, it’s not your fault Andy made a bad choice. He’s going to be fine. You’ll see him back at home soon I’m sure.” Jennifer kissed her son on the forehead, “Have a nice trip back, love.”

“Bye Danny! Bye mom!” Scott called as they headed out the door.

It was then that Mac finally emerged from the bathroom. “Ugh… sorry…” Mac mumbled, “It smells pretty bad…”

Scott snickered, “Guess you’re not gonna have any more hot chocolate…”

Mac glared at his best friend.

“I’m gonna shower,” Scott said, “We have cable if you wanna watch something…”

“Sure, whatever,” Mac replied.

The hot water from the shower made Scott feel great. He was cold from being wet outside and being clean was one of his favourite feelings. He closed his eyes and savoured the joy of warmth. When he was done, he covered himself in a towel - not that he cared if Mac saw him nude - but so he could keep warm. He leafed through the clothes his mom had laid out for him, realizing she hadn’t left him any underwear. He gulped and checked the top drawer. Nothing. Scott was kicking himself now. He thought he had grown out of Pull Ups. He thought he wouldn’t have to wear them ever again. He wondered if his mom had removed all of his underwear to prove a point. Scott opened the bottom drawer and put on a pair from the pack his parents had bought him last year.

“Hey Scott, how do you change-” Mac gasped as he walked in on his friend pulling on a diaper.

