Monica’s Shame - Page 2

Author: Mad Bladder

*027*2019-10-06 16:30

Chapter 6

Monica was about to explode. She took slow steps down the street, a pause between each as she squeezed every muscle together to hold it what was about to burst out in an epic flooding. She was in so much pain, tan yet so red and warm, shaking with panic, when would this end!?!?

She bammed through the doors of the central hall and almost fell side to side having to catch herself as she squirmed down to the bathroom in utter agony. There it was. The women’s room. She wanted to cry. She stepped through the doors and saw all the toilets opened, but that’s when she was grabbed by her boss.

Alicia said, “Monica! You’re late. We’re about to start come on.”

As she was pulled away from the toilets in agony seeing them vanish behind the door like an old friend she whispered in tears “so am I.”

The mayor spoke as Monica sat next to her boss. She was in so much pain her abdomen ready to burst. She has to cross her legs and shake as she pushed into her crotch and shut her eyes moaning. Her boss warning her to hush every other minute.

To be continued

*029*2019-10-08 20:46

Chapter 7

”water is a natural source that we need!” The mayor explained to the audience.

Hearing any water words ir sounds sent her into agony and shock. Monica wasn’t sure how much longer she’d last.

“Gallons of filtering, dam breathing water.”

”oh...” Monica squirmed

“water...”

”ah!”

”water bursting, flushing, wet wielding water!”

”AHHHHH! “ Monica screeched with her legs crossed tight pushing her hands into her crotch. She couldn’t take this much more. And then “oh no...” it was starting. Whether she liked it or not. No matter how hard she pushed, Monica’s shame was about to happen, blast out of her like a whirlpool or a whale splashing into the ocean. She was doomed. “No....no...no....”

But it was too late. Monica’s bladder exploded. Pee thrashing all of the sudden and out of nowhere seemingly into her panties by gallons within seconds....in front of everyone!

”NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”

To be continued

*032*2020-01-11 11:58

Finale

Monica was flooding the whole building. Pee poured out of her like a faucet or hydrant and went over the stage heading out to the audience. The audience yelled and back away and tried go through the back door exits but they were jammed from when Monica slammed inside and caused them to . People bashed at the doors to escape the wave of urine heading their way in fear.

“oh....oh my gosh...I can’t believe...” Monica cried bloody tears as she could not stop herself from urinating. It wouldn’t stop! Pee soaked her legs and panties and body and then through the floor boards until finally the small room started to flood up. Finally it hit the people in the audience. Those wearing skirts or dresses or short socks felt the pee reach their ankles and some with sensitive skin got irritation and rashes almost right there. “I’m sorry!” Monica yelled, so humiliated she felt like her stomach might explode. “I’m sorry I tried waiting I really did.”

”This is a catastrophe!” Her boss said. “Monica, I hope you know you’re fired. Don’t bother coming back to work. I’ll also be filing a civil lawsuit against you for shaming the company.”

”as will i! Yeah me too!” People from the audience yelled as they do were hit by this incident.

Monica fell to her knees as her pee finally died down. She was crying uncontrollably unable to calm down. Her life was over. Her career, she would lose all her money, just when she thought things couldn’t get worse.”

”Are you Monica?” A police officer asked with his partner as they splashed though the huge yellow puddle. There was at least an inch of pee filling the buildings bottom floor.

“y...yes.” She said horrified at the cops. “I’m....im sorry about all this. Please.” She begged folding her hands crying. “Please I can fix all this. I can. I’ll clean up the building.”

“Witnesses say they saw you take an eaten apple in the women’s restroom at the train station and came out without it. It was also not found in the garbage in there but we did find it was what clogged and destroyed the plumbing system there. Numerous employees and the town are sueing you for this and making their lives hell miss. We are also taking you into custody and filing criminal charges against you for destroying public property with motive. That’s 20 years in this state.”

Monica was shocked. She shook with fear the thought of being locked in a cell with monsters all for a pee accident that just got out of hand. Taken away from the life she loved only to be treated like a burden for this which was honestly an accident all of it. She be treated just like any other felon.

“wait wait!” She said on her knees begging with folded hands. “Please please! This was all just an accident. Please I’d been holding it all day and-“

”save it! We know the company you worked for had assigned you projects to put around the city and the station denied you months backs in your pitch. Thought you have a little revenge right?”

”what no?!? Please you have to understand me I-“ but Monica flinched in pain as her belly gurgled hard. “Oh no....wait you gotta let me use the bathroom.” Her ass cheeks squeezed tight. All this stress was doing nothing good for her.

“you can go at the station in your cell after process.” As the cops placed cuffs on her wrists BOOM her ass exploded. Watery shit fired from her stress caused her to go number two all over the stage, watery poop covering her legs and making the officers back up for a moment. “NOOOOOO! WHHHYYYYYYYYYYY! PLEASE YOU GOTTA BELIEVE ME!”

”you’re going away for a long time! We can probably get resisting arrest charges on you for getting poop on us! This is unsanitary.”

”no you don’t understand please!” Yelled Monica who was breathing so hard she was having a panic attack.

But the cops took her away, with so many complaints and witnesses the truth didn’t matter, Monica was losing everything and going away for years. Oh the agony and shame. Crying and shaking at the face of years in prison and never to have a normal life again, this would follow her forever as well as all the money she’d have to pay after getting out if ever. “No...no” she cried.

The end

