The Angel Of Overwatch

Author: MercytheAngel

*000*2016-07-01 06:03

The Angel Of Overwatch

Author's note: So ahh this is my first fanfiction and its pretty long I can imagine it might be bad I'll accept criticism just please don't go overboard please.

Doctor Angela “Mercy” Ziegler was a miracle worker straight and simple. If you were badly wounded Mercy fly over in her Valkyrie suit heal you nearly instantaneously with her Caduceus Staff. If the enemy was breaking through she would switch her staff to power buff mode and the enemy would be pushed back with the new strength acquired through her abilities. Finally if you were literally dead laying on the floor and having breathed your last she would happily raise her hand once the battle ended and declare that heroes never die while smiling radiantly at you.This is without even mentioning the crazy all-nighters she would pull at Gibraltar fixing someone up if her Caduceus Staff wasn’t enough, or staying awake making upgrades to the Resurrection Process and Valkyrie Suit. Due to all these things she does every member of Overwatch held some degree of respect for her and her work.

Even the more evil characters in Overwatch had no ill will towards the woman (Reaper, Widowmaker, Junkrat, and Roadhog) although Reaper and Widowmaker didn’t care as much for the medic as the others who were constantly asking her to work less, the two did understand her survival was a necessity for Overwatch.

Mercy never acted on any of the calls to work less always making excuses like “Genji sensors were malfunctioning’, or The Caduceus Staff needs adjustments for the next battle,” and or something worthy of drinking tons of coffee to perform a dangerous all-nighter. The other Overwatch members thought she was always hypocritical about the “Stay in Bed Rule,” and how you need eight hours of sleep per day. They even knew that half of these were lies and were excuses to go back to research or treating patients who weren’t in need of immediate care (D.va once stated she was like Robin from Fire Emblem however no one got the meaning) they never dared to say this to her face however as she saved their lives too many times to count and reprimanding her after that was more than disrespectful.

Strangely however after one day this happened a lot less and she began resting and taking breaks like a normal human being should. She took way less all-nighters and drank less coffee because of it. Nothing particular happened this day except for her and a few others going on a mission to Illios, Greece that day perhaps something occurred during the trip?

@@Angela woke up face first on her desk in Watchpoint Gibraltar and immediately wondered why she had her Valkyrie suit on. Then she remembered that she had made the adjustments to make the Valkyrie suit travel approximately 30 cm further at max range yes even such a small height was important to the Angel of Overwatch. She peered over her desk and saw it was six o’clock. Looking over to the left of her desk she saw the 4 cups of coffee she drank during her awake ‘till twelve shift and immediately regretted it immediately she felt an urge coming from her crotch to run to the restrooms and let out all that coffee however she heard something on the loudspeaker. “Angela Ziegler, Genji Hanamura, Jack Morrison (Soldier 76), Junkrat, Hana Song (D.va), Lena Oxton (Tracer) you are due to the dropship in 3 minutes for Illios.” (It had to be Illios she thought why couldn’t it be London if we went there even if there was no bathroom on the ship I could make it no problem). The drop pad was all the way across the establishment she wouldn’t be able to get to the restrooms pee and get there in time. The question of whether to oblige her own personal need to pee or the needs of Overwatch was answered immediately. Overwatch owned dropships had restrooms on them anyway did they not it was just a couple minutes away she could make it. She picked up the half empty cup of coffee drank it for the extra wake up and then took her caduceus staff and blaster from the wall and desk respectively. When she got there she noticed the dropship was a different shape than usually and was that… rust? It the details were of no matter she got on and looked around this was an Overwatch ship after all.

Once she got on Angela was immediately confused, the ship didn’t look like the standard Overwatch dropship at all and instead more like the standard cargo ship. Remembering the schematics of one that Winston once showed her Angela immediately pressed her thighs together tightly. (These ships…had no bathroom but this is Overwatch right there has to be one! There has to be!) as if on cue with the thought her bladder gave out a response spasm but Angela held on (Oh no this can’t be happening, this can’t be happening, this can’t be happening! Have to pee! Have to pee!) The ship took off and the ship shook a bit further jostling her bladder it took a lot of willpower not to directly hold herself at that moment. The AI happily declared they were off to Illios it also stated the flight would last ninety minutes. (No please I can’t get off now and…! Ich muss in der toilette zu pinkeln!) The alarm bells began ringing inside of Angela’s head and they were ringing loudly.

In an act of utter desperation and hope beyond hope she looked around for any sign of relief for her problem. Looking around frantically near the door of the dropship she saw no indication signs of any toilet anywhere. Without noticing she began to tap her foot on the ground to help ease her urge. Moving to the middle of the ship she heard Junkrat teasing Lena (who was dressed like a hipster). Even though Angela had bigger problems on her mind she took notice of that. She saw Hana clothed of not her pink jumpsuit and headset. Instead she had machine goggles and a dirty brown headset on her head. While she donned a simple gray tank top and brown cargo pants complete with many pockets for mechanic tools. Hana was moving her mecha into a crate large eight foot crate.

Even though she wanted to know why Angela had no time to question why everyone was dressed so… crazily. (No, no bathroom in here come on please, please whatever deity exists please let there be one on the cockpit!). Jack was nowhere to be seen but knowing him Angela assumed he was on the controls and began moving there as swift as one could go whilst keeping their thighs slightly pushed together. Genji however was in her way and was leaning on the wall just in the way of the cockpit. (Why now! Please don’t talk to me! Wait! I can ask him about the restroom!)

“Mercy, Angela?” Genji asked. Driven from her thoughts of having Genji tell her if there was a toilet she looked up towards Genji. “Yes Genji,?” she replied doing rather well at keeping her need unnoticeable. “Is there something wrong? Normally you would’ve berated Junkrat for teasing Lena but you just walked right by, and just right now just stopped there and stood.” “Oh? That? Well I was calculating ways to make the Caduceus Blaster more effective. As of right now if something happened and I was cornered I wouldn’t be able to fight very effectively as I would have no teammates. As much as I detest fighting I understand how bad the fight against Talon has gotten and that we need as much firepower as we can get.” “…” Genji appeared to be thinking for a moment. “Very well Doctor Ziegler just don’t push yourself too far, spacing out like that isn’t always good. If anything is wrong please tell me.”

“Genji about this mission…” “Yes?” The cyborg replied “Why is it everyone dressed strangely again and why are we on a cargo vessel instead of the regular dropships?” Angela asked she began to push her thighs closer together in a discreet attempt to hold it her need was getting worse she might be in a lot of trouble soon. “Don’t you remember the meeting? This is a stealth mission. We are to find the Talon cell in Illios as discreetly as possible thus we are dressing up as traveling merchants. Junkrat kind of looked the part of junk selling person so we didn’t have to change him also he was the one that made D.va’s scrap mecha and made our ‘high quality’ sales items. Tracer and D.va are the vendors who will listen around the market for Talon. You, Jack, and I are to be a soldier, a Stock-Valkyrie equipped medic and their omnic assistant.” “Thanks Genji” Angela replied she moved her leg a little.

@@“Are there any glaring differences about this ship and the regular Overwatch dropships besides the obvious?” “Hmm…” Genji began to think unbeknownst to him Angela’s mind was as loud as a warzone her foot was tapping on the ground loudly. (Please don’t say no bathroom, Please say there is a bathroom PLEASE, PLEASE IT’S GOING TO BE TOO MUCH SOON) Mercy may have been hearing things but the next few words Genji said seemed slower and louder. ”Well…for one there are courts or fields in here so if you want exercise... hope someone brought a ball” (Yes,Yes…!) Mercy began to imagine the sweet relief of the toilet her hope beyond hope was paying off! “There is no internet here as this ship isn’t equipped with the servers you’d see near the basketball court so literally no games to play except those with the team.” (YES,YES,YES!) The fantasy of that toilet came closer she actually leaked a bit but immediately stopped it and waited for his last statement. “Finally hmmm… there is no toilet here.” Mercy heard literally nothing else of what Genji just said the news hit her like his Dragonsword to her face, no Hanzo’s dragons damage condensed into her angel shaped body added in their too, destructive enough so that her Caduceus staff couldn’t repair the damage and she couldn’t be resurrected at all. There was no restroom, no place to go she just had to hold it and to Mercy that was as good as wetting herself when she first awoke. Genji had pretty much told Angela in those few words “Doctor Angela ‘Mercy’ Ziegler you are doomed to the fate of peeing oneself you may only delay the time you will leak. Please spare yourself the pain of holding and do it quickly behind some cargo please.” Angela’s bladder gave off a ‘NO’ spasm at having found out the lack of a toilet and she might’ve lost control if she hadn’t gently but firmly pressed both her hands on her nether regions in what looked like a respectful gesture. It still hurt though and she was on the verge of crying there but managed not to with the presence of Genji.

“Angela are you okay?” Genji asked again for what was the second time now. Mercy had been acting strange this whole time. There was something deeply familiar about her mannerisms, something from when he was human. He couldn’t remember what it was and activated his scanners out of frustration and most everything turned various shades of green.

Scanner Status:Ready

Starting vital analysis of target

Heart rate: 176 beats per minute

(Her heart rate was a lot higher than normal like she was fighting something but what would she be fighting here? Angela is obviously perfectly safe here in the dropship.)

Target is taking 22 breaths per second

(Her breaths per minute are higher than normal as well something is very wrong here)

Target is performing excessive movement

(She is fidgeting her legs and hips a lot are they shaking?)

Brain is displaying signs of panicked thought

Diagnosis: Distressed, Shocked, Recommended course of action caution

This was the line it was here that the ninja made sure to keep an eye on her and make sure she was safe. On the off chance something or someone really was doing something to her here he would make sure they would face an angry dragon soon enough. “Uhh… I’m fine Genji that was all… thank you again…” She smiled and even Genji whilst focusing on her vitals and calculating what was wrong was able to tell it was forced. Angela turned around and left. She walked slowly her legs were stiff and one of her hands weren’t visible.

@@The first thing Angela did after her talk with Genji was check the time it had been twenty minutes seventy to go. Angela was determined to fight through this and get to a bathroom in Illios she had to she couldn’t pee herself! Next she started a game of Chess with Junkrat as it would help her keep her mind off her bladder and instead on something else besides it was a slow strategy game with Junkrat where he can’t blow things up. It should be easy. Like everything else Mercy thought that day however it was wrong. Junkrat was actually a brilliant strategist laying out his troops like the bear traps he is so fond of using. He would lure her in with the bait this time being his knight and then immediately send out what would be his explosives which came in the form of the humble pawn. To her advantage it worked and she began thinking about the game rather than the pain coming from her crotch. That was until Junkrat pulled his bishop out and took his queen an action that dismantled her strategy and shocked her so much she leaked slightly. She let out an “Eep!” for both reasons and squeezed her legs harder together and as inconspicuously as possible let her left hand firmly press down on her hole keeping it under control but only barely there was still a bit on her panties and Angela had to resist the temptation to try to add in a bit more pee to her panties to feel better. “HAHAHAHAHAHA got you get didn’t I!” Junkrat exclaimed. He then began pressing his troops forward into a dangerous position for Mercy and took the game from there. After the game Junkrat got up shook Angela’s right hand and happily declared “Good Game mate!” and left probably to annoy Tracer.

Angela got up very slowly and moved slowly behind a wall of crates that were placed so that none could see inside and she could hear you if you were coming her face was very red. That is she could hear you if you weren’t a ninja whose new body helps improve their already superb stealth skills using a trick he learned from one of Hana’s video games he took a cardboard box and hid under it slowly moving past the wall. Angela however was having a battle between four cups of coffee held on for seven hours (Just twenty five minutes Angela you can do this…) was the main thought dominating Angela’s mind. She was getting to her limit. She sat down and jammed both her hands into her crotch and held herself as tightly as she could.

Angela didn’t care at this point and she didn’t listen for any noises beyond her wall of crates the only two things in her mind was the side of her to let it go release and just pee and the other side of her telling her not to and why she couldn’t. “Oh but you need to pee right it’s just here no one will see no one will notice you could just clean it up later if you want! Besides isn’t it dangerous to hold it like you are?” “NO but you can’t if you do you’ll be humiliated you’ll ruin the Valkyrie suit and it’ll be just like when you wet your dress back then!” Angela agreed with the side telling her not to pee she fidgeted as much as possible and somehow found the strength despite her trembling body to hold on even tighter.

The newfound pressure was addictive it lifted that feeling of pain and ‘just pee’ from her mind for the moment however it was short lived. Soon the feeling was back and no matter how much she held herself it still felt the same it still hurt the same she still had to pee. “It’s coming! You need to go before you ruin the suit! Just take it off and pee! You can’t take much it much longer you’ll never make it! Even if we get to Illios you’ll pee once you take your hands off!” That side of her mind had a good point and her thoughts of just letting go made her leak which was enough to go through her panties and she took it all back.

She as fast as she could got up then and buckled her knees inward in an attempt to push her thighs further together “ha…ha…ha…ha” her breath rife with strain was loud and clear for any passersby and she was beet red. (Just…Have…To…Keep…it…together…just…until… Illios…) she was losing strength and she couldn’t keep it up for much longer. Mercy didn’t even have the brainpower to devote a quick prayer towards anything for Illios anymore it was just her suit, her hands, her thighs, and knees keeping her from a yellow tidal wave.

Genji’s box rounded the corner and was set down. He made an incision for his visor earlier and pushed it out. The view he got did more than surprise him. Mercy was doubled over both hands were in her crotch holding on as if for dear life. Instantly he understood what kind of mistake he had made. He could hear her breath it was panicky and without rhythm her knees were buckled and she looked as if a little girl desperate and waiting for the potty her beet red face had its eyes closed in concentration. Her hair covered half her face yet he could tell that what was underneath was a face full of strain and pain. He checked the built in clock on his visor she had 10 minutes left at this point she could never make it. While he was doing this he realized something else disgusting as it was to say it he enjoyed the view he liked seeing Angela Ziegler at the breaking point bursting to pee but he had to help her after all gave him a new life the least he could do is help her here.

She knew she wasn’t going to like it she knew she might hate him for it call him pervert and a thousand other words in German but he didn’t want to watch her fight such a terrible battle which she would obviously lose. He uttered a quick prayer to the dragons for protection and began his plan. He got out of his box she didn’t hear him, he walked over to her she didn’t notice him, and then he crouched down to her eye level and gave her a hug slowly standing up once her arms were at her sides. Mercy’s eyes opened to the feeling of cold steel gently pushing her arms away from her crotch and onto her hips. Immediately the effects were felt Mercy tried to look down but the body of metal her head was resting on stopped her. She was peeing and she tried her best to stop it but her exhausted sphincter refused to work and she felt the warm liquid travel along her lower body and drip on to the floor or the leg of the person who was hugging her.

At first it just hurt to pee seeing as how her bladder was so stretched it was just deflating back into a comfortable position but then it felt like bliss but she knew it was wrong she was conflicted on whether to cry in anguish at how she had an accident at thirty-seven or cry in happiness at having lost the terrible feeling of her bladder. Nonetheless she cried on the shoulder of who she realized to be Genji. Soon the euphoria of having let the contents of her bladder go was gone and Mercy remained crying out of sheer sadness and embarrassment. She pulled Genji closer and cried all over his shoulder. Angela then released the hug, took a step back and took a moment to wipe the tears from her eyes.

@@Then she looked towards Genji with a look of melancholy and said “I’m sorry you must think I’m terrible I can’t hold myself, I got my pee and tears all over you, you must’ve seen me holding myself like a little girl just because I refused to stop working like you and the rest told me to told me to.” “I hid this from you and from everybody when you guys could’ve helped and broke my own code of we all work together…” She paused to take a breath as she was still sniffling. Genji hadn’t said a word and was regarding her silently. He then did something she didn’t expect him to do in front of anyone but his brother. He took off his visor. Genji’s face looked much the same as he had when he was young and was transplanted into his current body. He held an expression of what looked like a mix of understanding, sadness, and something else… he gently quieted her saying “Angela listen to me ,we all make mistakes mine was my youth, yours was (he motions towards the ground) this…but you save peoples’ lives on a daily basis you were in Iraq when we were called helping the worst off of humanity. You are more perfect than I am now or have ever been. You are kind and sincere you work from dusk ‘till dawn making sure none of us die an example would be last night and you even made a way for bringing us back even from beyond what was once considered the final end. You aren’t terrible Angela you’re amazing the fact I’m here alone proves it.”

Angela began to let up on her tears mid-way through his speech and seemed shocked about the praise he was giving her. “T-Thank you Genji it really means a lot… (She looked down sadly) but this puddle isn’t going to clean itself. The others will find out eventually. Not to mention the Valkyrie suit is soaked…” Genji reset his visor while she was speaking “Angela where did you last leave your caduceus staff?” Genji questioned. “Uhm… near where I played chess with Junkrat…” she replied quietly. Genji retrieved her staff as well as a stack of paper towels to go with it and returned to the wall of crates. “Here.” he said handing her the staff “Your suit will have to dry off naturally but we can wipe away the puddle here and say you spilled water on yourself.” “Now then give me the power boost and we can start working!” He declared “Genji…” Angela said “Thank you.”

