Botticelli Face - Chapter 2

Author: mystic dreamer

*000*2021-09-19 15:37

Chapter 2. The Girl in the Meadow

Pamela had promised herself that she would sleep late for her vacation, but it didn’t quite work out that way. The sounds of the city never disturbed her, but the crow of a rooster who sounded like he had a sore throat woke her up. Then she heard the sound of a car rolling down the road, which had to be Rick, who had always been an ungodly early riser, no doubt going out for a morning hike or some such goddamn thing.

Pamela got up and put on her kimono. She made a modest little breakfast – three eggs, four rashers of bacon, two sweet rolls, two pieces of toast with jam, and three cups of coffee. Pamela was a big advocate of vitamins and other nutritional supplements, and she had brought a whole pharmacopoeia with her. She gathered up her pill bottles in the bathroom and placed them on the kitchen table, dutifully taking her supplements one by one. There were four pink tablets in an unmarked pill bottle; she didn’t recognize them. But her friend at the organic food store who managed the vitamins and supplements department often gave her samples to try. Even though she didn’t remember these, that must be what they were. She took two of them.

After she showered, she slipped into a white bra and an enormous pair of white nylon full-briefs. She looked at herself in the mirror and thought she looked pretty damn good. She felt good, too. This whole day was beginning to feel good! Pamela unfolded the long green dress she had brought for the Maypole celebration. She had planned to save it until tonight, and wear yesterday’s clothes again today. But she hadn’t planned on pissing in her pants last night and she hadn’t brought more than a few changes of clothes with her, so she would have to wear the green dress all day. She didn’t mind. It looked great. Everything looked great. The sun was shining and the trees were green.

But a May queen needs a May crown, and it ought to be made of wildflowers. She would go out and gather some. She got into her car and started down the road.

Pamela drove down the coast highway. There were plenty of wildflowers – white or yellow would go with the dress. But there were also plenty of cars on the road. Pamela wondered if the lib-tard tree huggers had passed a lot of laws against picking the wildflowers. Maybe she should get off the main road.

Pamela turned onto a forest service road and bumped on down the dirt path. She switched the radio channel from rock to classical, drifting away on the wings of a dream. There were no wildflowers along the forest road, but she didn’t care. The sun was shining. Pamela began to sing.

Then she saw Rick’s Camry parked along the side of the road, and Rick getting into it. She slowed down, leaned out the window, and stuck her tongue out at Rick while trying to sing along with the opening measures of Puccini’s “Nessun Dorma.”

“Hi Pamela,” said Rick. Pamela seemed unusually cheerful today, and Rick wondered if he should be suspicious.

“What are you doing here?” she asked.

“Morning hike.”

“I’m looking for wildflowers.” Pamela giggled. “Hey, sorry I ragged you about the stiffy last night. I mean, we explored all our fetishes pretty good when we were together, right? So when I called for your help, on some level I guess I knew it would be a turn-on for you. Sorry.”

Rick just said, “Okay.” An apology from Pamela was about as common as the discovery of a new planet, and he wondered what she was up to.

“It was nothing we haven’t done before, right? I mean, you’ve probably wrapped that jacket around my waist four or five times.”

“More like ten.”

“Really?” She giggled again. “Hey, do you know where I can get wildflowers for my May crown?”

Rick opened the door to his Camry while Pamela parked the Suburban and locked it. Rick drove them back to the highway and turned left. Ten minutes down the road, Rick pulled off to the right on a dirt track that looked as if it plunged into the sea. But the rough road soon ended at a large rock, and the land sloped down to a meadow on a narrow promontory which stretched toward the sea. Beyond, the waves crashed against rugged spires of rock, the kind that made this part of the California coast famous.

And the meadow was full of wildflowers.

“Oh my God!” cried Pamela as she got out of the car. She twirled around and around and laughed. Rick wondered what had gotten into her. It wasn’t like Pamela to act just plain silly.

Pamela dashed into the meadow of flowers, picking them and putting them in a basket. Rick found an old blanket in the back of his car and spread it out on the grass.

“I like to really relax in the sunlight and become one with nature,” he said. He dropped his pants and stripped naked.

Pamela just shrugged. “It’s nothing I haven’t seen before, right?”

“Right.” Rick lifted his dick and took a long, powerful, serious piss.

“Don’t pee on the yellow flowers,” said Pamela. “I want them for my crown.”

Rick lay down on the blanket and took the sun while Pamela gathered flowers. When her basket was full, she sat on a rock and began to braid them into a crown.

But it was hot. The sun was rising toward the noon hour, beating down directly on the meadow. The green dress was wool, and Pamela was stifling. She was still feeling lyrical, magical, elated, but she was also feeling overheated. And mischievous.

Let’s fuck with his head, she thought cheerfully.

“It’s hot,” she said. “I’m going to get comfortable.”

Pamela stood up. She pulled the green dress off over her head and stood in the sunlight clad only in her big white nylon full-briefs and white bra. She smiled at Rick with her beautiful Botticelli smile and said, seemingly in all seriousness, “After all, it’s nothing you haven’t seen plenty of times before.”

“Right.” Rick was beginning to wonder about the fate of those potent anti-anxiety pills that had been left in Pamela’s room.

Pamela sat down, leaning against a friendly rock as she placed the May crown between her legs and began to entwine it. Rick, of course, could not help noticing that her relaxed posture provided an extraordinary view of her crotch. Rick didn’t think that was accidental, and was pretty certain he would have to wait until his next doctor’s visit for a chance to test those anti-anxiety pills. He felt his dick rising.

“My, my,” said Pamela. “For a guy who’s not going to the May Day revels, you certainly are raising quite a Maypole.”

“It’s how I respond to nature – being here in the great outdoors. Breathing the fresh air, being touched by the sunlight. It arouses me sexually.”

“Of course it does.”

“It has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that an unregenerate chubby chaser and lingerie fetishist happens to be lying next to a fat chick in her underwear.”

“Of course it doesn’t. But it is a bit ironic. You remember that word, don’t you? Irony. You used to read those dreadfully boring East European novels whenever you weren’t stealing rent money from my purse for another drink. You said they were all full of irony. So let me tell you what I find to be full of irony.”

Pamela got up and stood over Rick, her legs spread wide. He found himself staring up at her crotch as she spoke.

“Outwardly, I’m still the hard-working single mom, dedicated home care nurse, the one who’s always active in my daughter’s school projects, active in the Presbyterian Church, the Daughters of the American Revolution, and my usual ultra-conservative political causes. But I have another life.”

“You always had a secret life as a pervert.”

“Yes, Rick, but I’ve changed! No need for secrets anymore! I’ve come out of the closet, and I am who I am!”

Suddenly, Pamela sneezed. It was so powerful it almost knocked her down.

“Gosh… all these flowers. It’s a day for allergies, that’s for sure.”

Pamela tried to keep on ranting. “I’ve learned that a gal who gives upskirts never has to buy her own drinks at Republican fund raisers. I met a guy at the sex shop who makes videos and wants me to star in a water sports series. My screen name will be Nurse Omo!

“And of course that was what you always wanted, you old liberal tree hugger. You wanted the gal with the hottest pants in town, a gal who’d answer the front door in her underwear when your friends came over and then sit on their laps while you poured the drinks. So the irony is that if you’d treated me nice, all your dreams would be coming true now. I’ve changed, and that’s the girl I changed into. Your dream girl. But you were a total asshole, so ironically enough, you don’t get any.”

And then she sneezed again, more powerfully this time.

And again, and again…. Pamela staggered away, wandering toward the meadow’s edge and the colder air of the ocean.

“You were a total asshole and—” She tried to keep ranting but her sneezing interrupted her.

Rick knew what was coming next. Pamela had the bladder control of a nervous toddler.

She sneezed again and began to pee. She sneezed even harder and sat down in a patch of pale pink flowers, a golden stream surging from her underpants as her pollen allergies seized her uncontrollably. She didn’t try to control her accident – she seldom did. Rick watched as she sneezed and peed, and peed and peed, the golden waterfall meandering like a small river between her legs and through the meadow as Pamela emptied her bladder into her big white nylon full-briefs.

Rick dashed up, grabbed the blanket, then grabbed Pamela’s green dress, and jumped into his Camry. The sound of the engine brought Pamela stumbling to her feet. Her rear end was thoroughly drenched.

“What the fuck?!!” she howled.

Rick noted that the new anti-anxiety pills, though fairly powerful, still had their limits. Something to tell his doctor.

“Like you said, the dress is too warm for a day like this,” he shouted. “I’ll leave it in your room so you can wear it tonight.”

“What the fuck are you doing?”

“Calling me an asshole so many times must have filtered down into my subconscious and now I have to act like one.” He waved as he drove away.

Pamela was left standing there, in a beautiful meadow, in soaking wet underwear.

Well, at least he had left her sandals. She put them on. And he had left her purse too.

Pamela extracted the bottle of pills from her purse. There were two of them left. She grabbed her bottled water and swallowed both of them.

She watched the butterflies.

Soon a feeling of gentle calm began to overcome her anger. It really was a lovely day. It was a wonderful day for a walk. The exercise would probably do her some good. She never got enough exercise.

Pamela walked through the meadow and began to stroll down the road on her way to the place where she’d left her car. She was wearing only a pair of soaking wet panties and a bra, and carrying her purse. The sun shining through the redwood trees created a magic of light and shadow which she found beautiful. It made her think of a sprightly aria from Verdi. She began to hum it, and to move along with the rhythm of it. It was almost as if she were dancing down the road in wet panties with her long hair flowing.

The sound of horns as men drove by on that lonesome highway and honked at her was the only sound beyond the singing of the birds.

* * *

Rick was sitting on his porch when Pamela returned to the cottages a few hours later. She stepped out of her Suburban, refusing to look in the direction of Rick’s cottage. Her panties were still wet.

They didn’t speak again that day. When darkness began to fall, Pamela emerged from her cottage in the green May Day dress, wearing her May Queen crown of wildflowers. She drove away.

Rick went nowhere that evening. He lay upon his bed, and he thought about Pamela. She had made a truly tremendous sight when she came home in her wet pants, her big butt rippling like the waves of a gentle tropic lagoon, her breasts like two volcanoes crowning the magic island, her thick thighs like the arms of sand that softly but passionately enclosed the lagoon. Getting inside of her again would be like swimming into some hidden aquatic cave where the wavering lights of nature spirits glowed like a soft blue fire. Rick longed to feel her giant breasts cupped within his hands, longed to encompass her colossal butt with his arms, longed to pull down her angel-white panties and bury his dick deep within her.

And it was all just a memory now. Rick sighed. He ate packaged lasagna for dinner and turned on his computer. Once upon a time he had made a slide show of all his photos of Pamela in her lingerie. He turned it on and sat there in the dark, watching the magical images float by, one after another. There must have been a hundred of them. Rick smiled at one shot in particular. They had been at the beach. She was standing in the shallows, with the waves lapping around her feet. One would have assumed that her wet thighs and wet crotch were the result of waves that had leapt up a bit higher than expected.

But one would have assumed incorrectly. In reality, that had simply been one of Pamela’s “I-don’t-care” days.

And another favorite of Rick’s was the video he had taken the night the two of them went for a midnight drive on the deserted roads that wound up and down Mt. Tamalpais. Pamela – always an automobile aficionado – had been driving a 1957 Chevy convertible that her father had restored. It was a hot night in early September and she was wearing only panties and bra as they sailed up and down the lonesome roads. Just like in the fantasies she had been spinning today….

He was so enraptured with the beauty of her that he barely heard her drive in. He looked at his watch. It was only midnight. What had happened?

He waited until she had locked her door and turned out the lights. Then he walked, barefoot and quiet, over to her cottage.

The May Queen’s crown was on the chair that stood on the front porch. It was absolutely pristine, as if it had not been touched. No one had taken her hand, and romped with her around the pole. No one had chased her into the woods where she could trip and fall and wait for a massive stiffy pounding inside of her.

Her sexual boasting and bravado at the meadow had been mere fantasy. Despite her “wild girl” attitude, the simple fact remained that she was fat, over forty, and had a kid.

Men never looked at her twice, despite that beautiful Botticelli face.

Once again, the lonesome fat chick had failed to find a guy.

Poor Pamela. Rick couldn’t help feeling sorry for her. But how could he feel sorry for the demoness who had ruined his life? He had been at a low point, unable to find a job and drinking too much, that was true. But that didn’t mean that her family had the right to threaten his life.

Pamela had always had a weak spot about her family. She just couldn’t see that they were psycho.

Rick was glad that Pamela was sleeping rather than crying. He padded softly back to his own cottage. And dammit, there was that lingerie slide show of Pamela again, Pamela with her gorgeous Botticelli Face.

He turned off the computer and went to sleep.

