Fire Emblem: Serra`s Stomach Surrenders

Author: Mariowario64

*000*2018-02-25 15:47

(Hello there! This is my first contribution to this site, so all criticism is welcome. With that out of the way, let’s start this file up….)

Eliwood and Hector, along with what few soldiers they’d been accompanied with, had been searching for the Marquess of Pharae. There had been a few battles so far, and they feared there would be more to come. As such, the army was preparing for their next mission, each unit doing so in their own way. Serra in particular was doing her daily prayers. “Saint Elmine, praise be with your graces. Please ensure that no dies in this battle, that I can heal all my allies’ wounds, that I marry the handsomest night in all of Elibe, and….” 

Suddenly, her stomach started to grumble, causing her to momentarily grab her stomach “....And, please allow me to make it through this battle without an accident.” While none of her allies had soiled themselves so far, see had smelt a funny stench and saw a puddle of presumably urine when she passed by a fallen enemy pegasus knight a few days ago. 

She also witnessed Rebecca having a close call as she blushingly waddled away from a battle with her hands buried in her crotch to find a pot in Merlinus’s tent to relieve herself with. Serra had no time to think about her stomach pain, as the others had called her over to discuss battle plans. As per usual, she was chosen by Mark, the group’s tactician, to serve in the next battle. Though unable to fight, her healing abilities were essential to the party. Their task was to seize Caelin Castle.

Once the battle began, her stomach started to ache again. “Oh dear, what’s with this pain? I remember Dorcas saying there was poison in his mutton before. Hopefully no one poisoned my food.” she thought. Despite her stomach pain, she continued to do her usual duties. However, she began to feel the need to fart. After scouting the area for the moment, it appeared no one else was around. “Ok, the coast is clear.” Serra thought to herself. “Now I just…” “Serra? Serra, is that you?” called Lyn, the woman she worked for over a year ago. “Lady Lyndis… good to, uh, see you again. ” she said, lacking her usual excited demeanor.

Observant to this, Lyn said “Indeed, Serra. Are you all right?” “Of course I am” she said as she tightly clenched her staff with hands and her butt with her sphincter. “I’m not so sure. You’re holding your staff pretty tight and you’re sweating ” Lyn said skeptically. Wanting to change to change the subject, she said “Well… this just a really tense battle. Speaking of which don’t, you have some enemies to fight. After all, this is your castle we’re fighting over.” “You make a good point. I look forward to catching up with you later.” Lyn said and then went to battle more opponents. She looked around to make sure no one else was nearby and passed some gas. “Phew, hopefully that will buy me some time.” she thought to herself.

Though Serra’s state was dire, not everything was working against her. The crew had recently picked up a troubadour by the name of Priscilla. Being a mounted healer, she was more useful. However, there were reinforcements and both were needed, so Serra had to walk to her. The walk took its toll on Serra and seemingly doubled her desperation. There were times throughout it that she took pauses and used all her might to compact her anus and not have an accident. On the bright side of things, she saw that Eliwood was within attacking distance of the man guarding the castle, At this point, Serra had given up on the idea of making it to a pot. She was hoping that the victory against the knight would be swift so she’d have enough time to run into a forest and discreetly lighten her load. Unfortunately for her, Mark had other plans.

After Eliwood attacked, he retreated. “Why don’t you finish him off?” she said to Eliwood, clearly annoyed with him. He respectfully replied. “My apologies, but Mark ordered me to do so.” “What?” Serra screeched “I have to…. I mean, the Marquess of Caelin needs our help! Wouldn’t it we best if we killed him now? ” she said while she was fidgeting. To this Mark snickered, an act unnoticed by the rest of the party. Eliwood responded to these complaints.

“With all do respect Serra” he said calmly. “Fighting this man can provide necessary experience to many members of our party. Not to mention the experience you’ll be getting by healing their injuries. ” “But we’re…. Can’t we just…. ughhhhhh!” As badly as Serra had to go, he made some good points, so the plan went on. An ally would wait for the enemy knight to attack them, they’d move back, Serra would heal them, and rinse wash repeat. She grimaced each time she healed one of her allies, having to put more effort into holding after each heal. When she wasn’t healing members of her party, she was desperately crossing her legs with a hand on her behind. “Alright. Let’s fall back and wait for Hector.” commanded Eliwood.

The trouble for Serra was that he was fighting reinforcements on the other side of the map, so it’d take him some time to get to the boss. Early into Hector’s journey, her stool began to go in and out, as if it were a prairie dog. A few turns later, Hector finally arrived near the boss. At this point Serra was leaning her staff so she could get some weight off of her behind. The tip of her poop was poking out, but it did not retract as it did earlier. She was totally still with crossed legs, fearing any sudden movements would cause her to lose control. However, all this holding had weared her out too much. “I can't…. I can’t take it…. Anymore….”

After that thought, she instinctively uncrossed her legs and allowed the poop within her to escape. As a bulge was coming out of Serra’s behind, Hector’s axe was going into the opposing general, thereby defeating him. Hector took a moment to catch his breath. He then looked around and saw a clearly distressed Serra. “What the hell has happened to you?” Hector asked. Knowing she was cornered, she turned around to reveal to him that she messed herself. Once the truth was revealed to him, he was shocked. 

“I’m…. sorry” were the only words he could force himself to utter out at the moment. Meanwhile, Mark was analysing the cleric’s situation. The dark brown stains on her robe provided a stark contrast to the flustered pink blush on her face. He could sense the shame she felt from his outpost. Just the idea that he went through all this trouble to orchestrate a messing pleased him greatly. “And I thought she was a crappy retainer before….” Hector mumbled to himself. He then broke the news to the other lords and Mark. Eliwood, wanting to remain respectful, walked away and had no comment. Lyn, on the other hand, spoke out and stated “Gods, what happened to Serra was terrible. I hope such a thing never happens to anyone else here.” Mark’s only response was a sly, foreshadowing grin.

THE END

*003*2018-02-25 23:20

Thanks for the replies! Their positivity is a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one.

