Captain Marvel: Nervous Bladder

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2019-05-27 23:52

Captain Marvel had been away from Earth for years. The discovery of her past and what it meant for her lead her back to space where she intended to end the ongoing Kree-Skrull War by any costs. The Kree had been assaulting a small Skrull outpost for weeks now, and Carol had finally just got time to answer their distress beacon. It sounded like they were holding out, but she knew they could use help. The small moon was in sight for Carol as she glided across space moving so fast you'd probably only see a red and blue blur. While approaching the planet, something seemed off. No visible wreckage in orbit, only a few Kree ships. The majority of the battle had to be on the ground.

Carol descended from the sky as she approached the beacon. An empty town, completely empty. No signs of battle, no signs of life. Her short range scanners didn't pick up anything human size or larger. Carol approached the beacon cautiously, she knew this had to be a trap. The nervousness hit her more than she expected, and she felt it a bit in her bladder. She slowly walked towards the beacon, step by step, not sure what to expect. Suddenly - beeping. Captain Marvel stopped in her place, it nearly gave her a heart attack. Was it a bomb? Or were all the Skrulls killed? She could hear the ominous beeping going at a steady rate, it couldn't be a bomb. Her scanners didn't pick up any explosive materials.

Finally Carol decided to approach the beacon. It was a bigger pod shape, a control panel hanging in front of her with a button to turn it off. Carol turned around, eyeing the scene. Still nothing.

'I'll just turn this malfunctioning time-wasting piece of junk off and get out of here.' Danvers thought to herself.

Carol hit the switch, and instantaneously a huge shock wave of electricity went through her whole body, she couldn't help but collapse. She fell on the ground, her body convulsing from the electric shock wave, not even noticing she had lost all control of her bladder which was emptying into her blue and red suit. Finally, she gained the energy to stand, realizing she had completely pissed herself. The warm piss ran down here thighs as she stood up. She looked disgusted at herself, opening the seems of the pant legs of her suit which caused the piss to drain out, creating a puddle beneath her feet. Suddenly, her holographic gauntlet started going off alarming her of multiple lifeforms. On the hills around the village stood at least fifty Kree soldiers, all armed. She looked behind her to see the same thing. Some of them were snickering, realizing one of the most feared and powerful heroes in the galaxy - the great Captain Marvel - just peed her pants.

$$

