My first fiction - Page 5

*101*2019-01-30 00:01

Will found the coffee shop every bit as fear inducing as he thought it would be. Sarah lead him to a chair near the window with as much privacy as possible but still Will was visibly shaking and panicky. This was so out of his comfort zone but he was thirsty and he had wanted to try a caramel macchiato for as long as he could remember! He concentrated on slowing his breathing as he sat down.

Sarah could see how hard this was for Will but she knew from her training that pushing boundaries was the best way to overcome barriers in life. She was so proud of Will but she knew and understood his difficulties too. This was his first ever trip to a coffee shop so she was happy to order for them both. She went close to Will and asked him clearly what he wanted and smiled as he pointed on the menu. Sometimes Will just couldn’t speak and that was fine with Sarah. What he lacked in anxiety, fear and social struggles he more than made up for in other ways.

Sarah came back with one caramel macchiato and one cafe latte. Both looked amazing and as he sipped his coffee Will was noticeably calming. There was so much he longed to say but finding the right words was just so hard in public.

Sarah was happy to initiate as she spoke about her busy day and apologised about her earlier desperation outlining to Will how she hadn’t managed to go all day and how she was increasingly bursting but how her receptionist had locked the toilets and she thought she would wet herself. Sarah knew full well the effect this would have on Will but she continued anyway. In a volume that kept others from hearing too much detail, Sarah retold in detail her bouncing, fidgeting, squirming and holding that had lead to her running to the loo not fifteen minutes beforehand.

Will was infatuated with Sarah and the more he heard about her desperation the harder his penis got and the more he wanted her. He tried drinking his coffee as a distraction but lowering his head to get to his mug only put Sarah’s delicious breasts right in his eye-line. God was she stunning and hearing about her bursting was consuming him with sheer lust. To avoid stroking himself publicly Will placed one hand onto the table but when Sarah touched his hand his entire body was alight with passion.

Sarah was certain of the effect she was having in Will. It was only fair, she reasoned to herself, since the very thought of him made her weak at the knees! When she saw Will’s hand on the table she gently touched it. She’d only know this man a mere few days but the chemistry between them was intense. Sarah leaned forwards and whispered into Will’s ear.

‘I was so bursting, so desperate, so urgently craving release Will that I had a little accident. I couldn’t get my knickers down in time and I pissed myself with them on. I kept them if you would like them?’

Will very near shot his load at that! He pulled Sarah’s face to his and kissed her deeply, his long hard penis pounding against the table beneath him with longing for Sarah’s body. He hoped sarah knew the answer by his actions as he didn’t want to appear like a dog on heat by trying to find words. He only pulled his mouth away from Sarah’s to finish his coffee. His caramel macchiato was delicious but nowhere near as delicious as Sarah was. He wanted her so much.

Sarah wanted to get to know Will all of a sudden, she reasoned it would make her feel less slut like for fucking an ex-client and basically a stranger. After all she was about to give him a pair of pants she had just pissed in and really that wasn’t normal to do with someone you only met 4 days previously.

‘So you said you had fish for dinner on a Friday. What’s your Monday menu then?

She hoped Will wouldn’t think she was mocking him or looking for a cheap laugh because she intended neither of those.

Will loved that Sarah had recalled that Fridays were his fish night and he was happy to share how Monday was curry night. He was a little surprised though to hear Sarah laugh at his reply. What was so hilarious about curry? He looked at Sarah confused.

Sarah laughed, though immediately regretted it. It must have looked like she was laughing at Will when she wasn’t at all. She was laughing at the irony that she had a curry already bubbling in her slow cooker waiting for her to come home! Of all the things she could have prepared before work she had to have chosen the one thing Will ate this exact night. That, she reasoned, was an omen.

‘Sorry Will. I wasn’t laughing at you. It’s just...well you so won’t believe this...but before I left for work today I stuck some chicken and sauce and vegetables in my slow cooker...to make a chicken curry! I mean what’s the chances of that?’

Will’s mind immediately tried to work out the exact statistical possibility of that but with too many variables he just looked at Sarah and shrugged.

There was an awkward silence before Sarah came to the logical conclusion.

‘Will, would you like to come to mine for curry? I mean it’s all ready I just need to boil some rice and heat the nan bread and...sorry you must think I’m crazy...maybe I am?’

Will stood up and walked towards Sarah, pulling her up and kissing her deeply in full public view, his erect penis rubbing her inside leg.

Will hated change but some changes were different. He longed for Sarah with every fibre in his body. He also happened to be pretty hungry and nothing sounded more comforting, more appealing than the very thing he had every Monday night. At least now, he reasoned, he would spare the preparation and cleaning up, both of which he hated. Besides he so wanted those wet knickers from Sarah but he knew enough about social norms to know that exchange, just like the other exchange his body wanted with Sarah, was best done in private.

*103*2019-01-30 10:01

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was a fantastic chapter

}}

Thank you. Your encouragement means so much to me.

*104*2019-01-31 23:29

Sarah held Will’s hand, her fingers intwined in his, as she lead him to the car park to their cars.

‘Do you want my postcode for your sat-Nov or would you like to follow me?’

Will always drove with his sat nav on, even when he knew where he was going. It was like having a passenger with him and the voice soothed and comforted him and reassured him as he drove. Will looked at the ground embarrassed.

‘Could I have your postcode and house number please?’

Sarah opened her door and found a piece of paper and pen in her glove box and wrote the details for Will as she felt this would settle his anxiety more than if she just told him. As she wrote it she reassured Will by saying she was just ten minutes further east than his apartment and that it was mostly main road all the way. Sarah handed Will the paper and kissed him on the cheek.

‘Will, you are amazing! See you in about 15 minutes handsome. Just pull behind me into the driveway if you want.’ And at that she blew him a kiss.

Sarah climbed in her car smiling from ear to ear. She really liked Will and he sent her into a frenzy so quickly. He was everything she wanted and so much more but she felt a little crazy, childish even, getting excited about him seeing her house. It wasn’t anything like as ordered and pristine as Will’s but it was hers and just where she felt comfortable. The traffic had cleared from the evening rush hour and Sarah found it easy to keep Will’s car in sight behind her as she drove.

Will typed the new unfamiliar postcode in and pressed navigate. He was shaking slightly with nerves, his penis still way more erect that it usually was when he drove and his heart beating wildly. He couldn’t stop his mind drifting to hearing about Sarah not peeing all day and how she described her need so sexily. Just her voice made him weak at the knees. He concentrated on following the familiar voice which took him an unfamiliar route, the anxiety stirring inside him. His stomach rumbled with hunger which pushed him past his fear as he continued to stay within sight of Sarah’s car.

Sarah pulled into her driveway with Will just behind. Sarah pulled her laptop bag and handbag out of the car and headed to the door to unlock it. She beckoned to Will to come in and as he approached the front door she gently pulled him in and took off his coat leading him into her small but comfortable lounge.

‘Make yourself comfortable Will while I cook the rice and bread. Put the TV on if you like?’

She handed Will the remote as he turned the news on and sat on the couch to watch. Sarah slipped into the kitchen, just off the living room, and put some rice in a pot with water and took the nan from the fridge. She checked the curry, it’s full and appealing aroma filling the entire house, then opened a bottle of wine and poured two glasses. She slipped into the living room, kissing Will on the cheek and handed him some wine.

Will adored the smell of the curry as it wafted around him. He was so looking forward to eating and so grateful for the wine as he sipped his glass while catching up on current affairs, surprisingly more comfortable than he expected to be in unfamiliar surroundings.

When Sarah appeared soon after with a plate of curry with rice and nan bread on the side Will thought he was in heaven. He ate every last bit drinking two glasses of water to wash it down. It was amazing, he thought, how much better and happier people felt when they had had a good meal.

Sarah watched Will eat with such contentment. He was so grateful, so happy, so relaxed looking though she could not help but smile as she watched him drink two full glasses of water. She herself hadn’t drank much less though as she had consumed a glass of wine while cooking and almost two glasses of water with her meal without thinking.

Sarah cleared the dishes away and loaded the dishwasher before returning quickly to sit down on the couch beside Will who was happily watching TV still. She brought in the remains of the wine and poured them both a wine glass as they chilled together content with each other’s presence and satisfied after a delicious meal.

Sarah was the first to start up conversation, as was normal since they met.

‘Hey, I haven’t given you your present yet have I? Sorry Will!’

Will tried to act cool and laid back but the image in his head of Sarah bursting and not quite getting to the toilet in time, combined with the fact he had longed to touch and smell and...well masterbate....over a pair of knickers a girl had wet all his life gave him an instant hard on.

Sarah was so excited, so aroused at the thought of giving Will her knickers.

‘I forgot you have not had any underwear on since Starbucks Sarah! How does it feel to, you know, feel the crotch of your trousers against your...’

‘My pussy lips? Oh it’s quite ticklish, quite arousing actually! Quite airy and liberating...but I don’t make a habit of going knickerless haha’

Will laughed though his mind was instantly trying to imagine what lay under Sarah’s smart suit trousers, wondering if she had been wearing a skirt if anyone in the coffee shop might have seen her naked crotch. Will’s mind and body were in synch as he lusted after Sarah, though he tried not to be too full on.

‘Here. Feel them, smell them, put them to your skin. Whatever you want. You can keep them forever as a souvenir if you like?’

Will felt naughty. Sarah was taking him to the point so quickly that he had to have her. His hard dick was twitching in his trousers, yearning to be touched and stroked.

Will coughed, a fake, embarrassment cough.

‘Emmm, really? Whatever I want with them?’

‘Oh course!’

Will fished the wet knickers from the bag, smelling them, licking them, feeling every part of them before undoing his fly, pulling out his long erect penis and covering it in Sarah’s wet underwear. God he loved this girl! She was the sexiest, most incredible girl alive...

Sarah watched what Will was doing in amazement and curiosity. God this man was like all her dreams come true! He was aroused by exactly the same things as she was. And right now she was terribly aroused and longing.

*107*2019-02-01 10:14

{{9 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Fuck this story is getting hot

}}

So gglad you are enjoying it. I hope it is original and a bit different yet believable?

{{8 hours ago, Wombat48 said:

Fuck!!!

}}

I’m going on the assumption you enjoyed that chapter? Lol

*110*2019-02-02 00:40

Sarah gulped the last remaining mouthful of wine down before unbuttoning Will’s shirt as slowly and provocatively as she could, running her tongue down Wills chest as she did so. Meanwhile Will was undoing the hook on Sarah’s suit trousers and looking longingly at her naked legs and crotch. He slipped his hands around her as she continued to slowly and sexually undress him, feeling her beautiful bum cheeks and slowly teasing his hands to touch her vaginal lips. Sarah took one of his hands away, gently standing him up so she could undo and remove his suit trousers. She explored his bottom cheeks with her hands, circling them and discovering every little area before exploring his testicles with her fingers, all the while his huge hard penis still wrapped up in her damp knickers from her earlier wetting.

Seeing her damp underwear sent a little signal to her body that her bladder could once again do with being emptied. Now wasn’t the time for boring things like toilet visits though so she continued undressing Will pulling his trousers right off and massaging his feet as she removed each sock. All the time Will was exploring Sarah and undressing her simultaneously as his eyes lit up at the beauty and perfection before him. Regardless how much he longed to fuck Sarah he wanted to take his time this time and linger in fore play as long as he could.

Soon the only piece of clothing on either of them was the damp Knickers loosely tied around Will’s dick. Sarah teases him by stroking him lightly with her hands on her own underpants as she watched Wills face and body react. She was so temped to mount him as he sat on the couch in front of her but she wanted to linger in the moment much longer too. This was all she had ever dreamt of and so much more.

Sarah sat down beside Will, cuddled into his arms as his hand and fingers caressed her hair lovingly. Her hands still exploring Wills body while her head rested on his shoulders.

‘Will would you prefer we stayed down here or be upstairs? I don’t mind?’

‘Mmmmmm....I’m very happy here just now. How about you?’

Sarah turned Wills face towards her as she turned her body to face towards him as they kissed passionately, their naked bodies touching each other sending waves of desire through them both. After a few minutes Sarah slowly pulled away.

‘Will, are you thirsty? That curry left me dry. You want some more wine? Coffee? Water?’

‘Mmmmm coffee served by a naked waitress? Yes please!’

Will watched Sarah’s bum wiggle as she nipped to the kitchen to make another drink, his penis slowly settling down as she did so. As Will looked around the room at Sarah’s plants, books on her coffee table and pictures on the wall he felt a sudden spasm from nowhere. His bladder was filling fast and it was starting to want release. Will had no idea where Sarah’s bathroom was. He had only came through the front door and into the living room and had yet to even see her kitchen. He felt awkward asking so he ignored the signal and carried on.

Sarah was shocked at how suddenly she needed the loo! The second she walked next door to the kitchen and the slight temperature change affected her, combined with filling the kettle with water, she found herself doing a slight pee dance while she tried to concentrate on making Will a coffee and herself a tea. She sneaked a peek into the lounge seeing a naked Will walking around the room looking a little anxious.

Will stood up and walked around a bit hoping his need to pee would die away quick. Now just didn’t seem the right time at all to be disturbing the flow to go to the bathroom. He would wait until they went upstairs soon and see where it was then, assuming of course he could muster the strength to use it.

Sarah returned with two mugs of hot drinks and some biscuits.

‘You chilly Will? We can go upstairs if you prefer?’

Will thought about his need to empty his bladder but decided sitting beside a naked and beautiful girl was of much more importance than anything else right now. Before Sarah sat down after putting the drinks down Will pulled her into him holding her naked body to his and kissing her for all he was worth.

Finally Sarah sat down though Will noticed she seemed less relaxed, a bit distracted.

‘Are you ok Sarah?’

‘Yeah. Yes of course. Just a bit...emmmm....chilly. I’ll get a blanket.’

Sarah opened a drawer in the lounge and pulled out a fleece blanket as they snuggled together enjoying just being with each other. Will laid back on the couch with one leg lying the length of the couch with Sarah between his legs, his dick feeling the soft of her back, the blanket over Will’s legs and Sarah’s.

Without the pressure and distraction of eye contact Will was more open and chatty.

‘Will, can I ask you something?’

‘Ask away my beauty.’

‘You know how you only use your own bathroom. I keep thinking about that you know. It fascinates me so much. I keep thinking if I did that I’m be so bursting, so desperate I’d have so many accidents. You must have amazing control.’

‘It’s not something I planned you know. It never used to bother me. You know, when I was younger. I hated, I mean really hated, the school toilets so I would hold all day at school and be so bursting when I got home. But other than school I didn’t really intentionally tell myself ‘oh you can only piss at home’ or anything like that. I guess it all started when I was ten in school.’

Sarah had handed Will his coffee and he sipped and stroked Sarah’s hair between opening up.

‘Do you want to talk about that day Will? I’d love to hear about it.’

Sarah sounded like the counsellor she was trained to be, yet deep inside somewhere she kept very private, she longed to hear how desperate young Will had been in school because it turned her on. This was why she could never have discussed these issues in a paid capacity, but naked in Wills body, not even having to look him in the eyes, she felt it was ok to get aroused by his experience. Besides she was already very aroused by Will and her own need to pee was adding to that state by the minute too. To prevent herself stroking herself she stroked Wills inside leg instead.

‘I’ve been ready to talk about that since we first met Sarah. I think you have the key to helping me move on from this.’

*112*2019-02-02 08:19

{{6 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Oooo now its story rime for Will ^^

}}

I hope his story isn’t too long winded for their bladders though

*114*2019-02-03 00:12

Sarah sipped at her tea, aware her bladder was already rather full but enjoying the comfort of the hot drink anyway. Sitting between Will’s legs made her so secure, so wanted. She certainly didn’t intend leaving to be alone in the bathroom and she didn’t want to miss a single moment of Will’s conversation.

‘Will, I’m here and ready. Just take it at your own pace.’

‘Well, as I said I hated school toilets. I remember seeing them when I first started school and being horrified at the thing on the wall I was supposed to pee into. My parents didn’t send me to nursery. I was an only child so it wasn’t t until I started school that I saw my first urinal. I think maybe before that if I was out with mum she just took me to the ladies. I can’t really remember using bathrooms much outside the house ever. Anyway the school toilets just didn’t feel like the bathroom at home in any way. The thought that someone else could use the toilet at the same time as me in another cubicle just felt wrong. Where was the bath? As a child it just looked, smelt and even sounded different.

I was instantly terrified of those hand drier things too. I mean who even invented those? I remember as young as 4, maybe 5 just thinking ‘no thanks’ when I saw the school bathrooms. I stuck to that too you know. My mum, or my child minder would pick me up at 3pm and I would be doing that whole kid pee dance thing and almost holding myself utterly desperate for the loo. I always prayed it was mum picking me up so I could get home to pee. I lived just over a mile from school but my mum worked so she would get me by car. I would sit in the back of the car squeezing my penis closed and squirming like crazy every single day. I think mum knew but she never ever said anything. I always said I was going upstairs to do homework but it was always to get to the bathroom before I wet myself. The days I had the child minder were the worse thought...’

Sarah was enjoying Will’s memory immensely though her own body, wether in sympathy for the young Will in the story or due to too many drinks, was very much feeling the same need to pee as Will was describing. Unconsciously she was squirming and fidgety as she placed her empty mug on the table. While she paused to do so Will downed the remainder of his coffee and sat his mug down too. Sarah snuggled back into his chest, her back against his hairy chest, her neck resting on Will’s shoulder behind her. She took Will’s arm that was nearest the couch and cupped his hand over her naked breast knowing exactly what effect this would have on Will. He wasn’t objecting.

Will had longed to offload this memory for so long that despite being bursting for the toilet, every bit as much as he had been back in his school days, he was determined not to ruin his one chance to be helped. Taking a break, regardless how short, would throw his thoughts and momentum and he may never get this opportunity ever again. He’d wait. Touching the breasts of a beautiful naked woman was sure to help at least.

‘So sometimes my mum couldn’t finish for 3 and I had to go with a child minder. She was nice enough and gave me snacks and stuff but I always felt weird using her bathroom as the kids were meant to stay downstairs but her only bathroom was upstairs. I was scared to get shouted at or something.’

Will shifted on the couch as he felt Sarah wriggling too. He ought to be hard so physically close to such a stunning girl and feeling her wonderful sexy breasts but his need to pee was unfortunately preventing that happening. In fact his free hand was touching himself frequently but not to cum, more to help keep urine at bay. Still he really didn’t want to move despite how uncomfortable he was.

Sarah was so ridiculously horny but becoming more and more in need of a bathroom break. Will was more, much more, important than her bladder though. She squirmed against the couch and crossed her legs with both legs on the couch feeling Will’s breath on her neck with his every word.

‘So I would play a computer game or with Lego or watch TV and keep fidgeting about trying to hold on. I’m pretty sure the child minder knew but she never once said. I can’t really recall if I ever did use her bathroom but if I did it was very rare. By the time my mum would come I would be holding myself openly, red faced. I dreaded my mum and the child minder chatting but my mum wasn’t that chatty really thankfully. I remember sometimes getting in the car from the child minder and my mum saying she was bursting for the loo. Maybe she was trying to make me feel better but I don’t know. Now and again I look back and wonder if maybe I inherited my fear of other toilets from her. Who knows?’

Sarah could feel Will touching himself which turned her on so much more. With Will’s hand still fondling her breast, her bladder pounding for release and her clitoris rock hard and protruding she could not stop herself from playing with her own vaginal area with her free hand.

Will whispered in her ear, ‘Is this turning you on?’ ‘Yes’ Sarah replied as Will licked the back of her neck.

‘So what was different the day you were ten when, you know, it changed?’

‘Well I’m not really sure why but by lunchtime that day I felt a bit of a need to pee. I think it was cold outside or I had drank more of my water bottle and had a carton of juice with my lunch or, I don’t really know, I just recall being in the playground after lunch and needing the toilet. Of course I didn’t go. I didn’t play football or anything. I kind of just watched other kids mostly from memory but this lunchtime I remember walking about quite aware I needed the bathroom but determined to hold. When we went back inside it didn’t go away, in fact the need was constant. But afternoon was just an hour and a half so I figured I would be ok. I swung my legs, crossed them and wriggled about on my chair. It was constant though and even getting stronger and then the teacher called us to sit on the carpet for some reason.

I could not sit still by then. I was rocking, wriggling, so fidgety and I was sweating. Then this other kid shouted out. ‘Miss I think William needs the toilet. Look!’. I was so embarrassed and tried so hard to sit still but I could feel the pee right at the end of my penis as I sat on my knees with my hand in my trouser pocket holding myself and squirming so bad. I didn’t talk in school, not to the teachers anyway. 

The teacher looked at me and asked if I was ok and I just nodded. So she handed us a worksheet and sent us back to our desk. I was incredibly bursting now. I swung my legs so much hoping it would help but it didn’t. I was angry at myself and my bladder for not being able to hold on until I got home but I knew I just couldn’t. I think the teacher knew because she cane over to my desk and quietly whispered to me ‘William do you need to go to the bathroom?’ I nodded squirming like crazy. She told me to go and I got up and ran out. I was almost wetting myself I was so desperate.’

It was like Will was back in that moment right now again. He paused to squirm and bounce his leg which was on the floor up and down whilst tightly holding his penis closed. He had no idea where Sarah’s loo was but he badly needed to ask. He could not get up until Sarah moved though.

He blew onto Sarahs hair and watched as her body reacted. He knew where her hand was as he felt her body gently rock back and forth against his testicles. Will’s head was turned on though his body was too intent on holding his bladder at bay to reflect that.

Will took a breath and whispered into Sarah’s ear.

‘Honey, I actually really really need to piss right now too. I’m bursting. Can I nip to your bathroom please?’

Sarah laughed.

‘Oh my Will, I’m really really bursting too. The only thing preventing me pissing myself is my fingers inside myself. Have a feel sweetie’

And at that she took Will’s hand from her breast and placed it over her throbbing pussy, which devoured his hand and fingers like a starved animal. Will shook as Sarah tipped her head back in enjoyment as he felt how wet and warm Sarah was. He kissed Sarah’s face though he had to force himself to squirm badly even with the weight of Sarah on top of him.

‘You really are beautiful Sarah. I just can’t wait much longer. I’ve been holding and holding and holding on and....oh fuck it’s about to burst out babe. Will grabbed his dick for all he was worth with the only hand he had free as a small squirt leaked out.

Meanwhile Will felt liquid surround his hand between Sarah’s legs. It seemed more moist, thinner, than her mucus as Sarah moaned.

‘Sorry Will. It’s not going to stay in. I’m trying. Oh fuck I have to piss Will.’

*116*2019-02-03 09:02

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

Now they both have to pee

}}

It seems to be a recurring issue with these two lol

*119*2019-02-04 00:36

Sarah quickly pulled Will’s hand out from her vagina and replaced it immediately with her own as she ran suddenly into the kitchen, returning seconds later with two glass jugs. She handed one to Will and placed the other on the floor as she crouched over it.

Will stood up holding the jug in one hand and tightly gripping his member with the other. Sarah caught a glimpse of his face as she looked up and smiled at him.

‘Will, don’t let this stop you. Carry on with your story. Take yourself right back there. Imagine you are ten again and it’s all happening right now. I’ll try my best to hang on and...well we both know what happens so when you get to that bit we can both let go just like you did that day. Ok?’

From the day Will had experienced the event at school he was recalling in detail right now he had had serious debilitating issues with peeing anywhere except home. He had never ever peed in a jug, let alone in the presence of a naked and incredibly stunning girl like Sarah. He really wasn’t sure about all this but he had just felt urine run down his fingers and he could see himself how badly Sarah needed release yet here she was putting herself on the line, sacrificing her own need to relax in order to support Will. He owed it to her to try.

He aimed his penis right into the jug and closed his eyes as he took himself back to school at the moment he ran out of the class almost wetting himself.

‘So I was so scared,so embarrassed, so worried about being caught. I ran to the bathrooms and pushed the door open, rushed to a cubicle and closed the door behind me. I immediately fished my apparatus out and aimed him at the pan and stood there waiting for it to come out.’

‘Mmmmmm. Ohhhhhhh. Keep talking Will. I’m waiting for you. Ohhhhh.’

‘I was bursting. My bladder was full and I was so uncomfortable. I had to pee the worst I could remember and I had been urgently trying to keep it in for oh so long.’

‘Mmmmm I know honey. I’m right there with you. Ohhh keep going.’

‘But, I can’t explain it. It just wouldn’t come out. I mean a little drip or two dropped from my penis as if the floodgates were preparing to burst but that was all. It was so difficult to hold yet so difficult to release. It was as if I was being tortured. I was shaking, crying and felt such a failure.’

Drip drip.

Will’s penis released the tiniest of drips into the glass jar as simultaneously Sarah allowed a small dribble to escape too.

Drop drop.

Will was struggling and although Sarah could easily have just let go and released and relaxed she wanted to experience everything Will had that day. The pain, the frustration and the sheer contradiction of his mind and body fighting against each other at a crucial time. She concentrated and tried to imagine herself in the same position no matter how hard it was. She could not help but moan as the intensity was incredible on so many levels.

‘I stood there like an utter failure. It was like someone was laughing at me in my head telling me how stupid I was and what a fool I was making of myself for having been so openly squirming in class. It hurt so much. My whole body hurt. My mind hurt. It is so hard to describe that intensity of need and desire of being right in the very edge of longing for something only for it to be just that second out of reach.’

‘Mmmm I get it babe. I’m there with you. Oh God how hard and difficult that must have been sweetheart. I’m feeling that.’

Will’s eyes were closed tight. His hand holding his penis exactly as he did back almost 19 years previously. His stance the same, the feeling the same, the desires identical. He was right there again.

‘Time seemed to freeze and I panicked. I had no idea how long I had been but I was so scared and embarrassed and upset at my body for failing me that I tucked my little thing back into my trousers, zipped up and walked back to class. Maybe it had all just been in my mind? Maybe I hadn’t been bursting after all?’

‘Oh Will. But you were baby. You really were. I can feel it too. Oh beautiful, keep talking. It’s ok I believe you. Oh God do I know how desperate your bladder really was. I promise you I can feel this.’

Sarah had her own eyes closed, determined to not let anything out until Will did, both in his memory and in reality. But this was taking everything she had to hold. This was letting someone else control her need which she had never experienced before. This was intensive physically, emotionally and sexually. She was loving and hating it simultaneously but so hooked. Was this therapy, fore play, or intensive love making? She really wasn’t sure which.

‘I walked back to class so upset and trying not to show it. I slipped into my seat and started doing my worksheet, no legs shaking or knees bouncing or swinging because...well everyone thought I had had my release so I could not need to go again? So I sat there, internalising my thoughts and actions, feeling so much pressure and pain but assuming I was some freak who was making it all up. I tried to do my work. I sat so still, so quietly, like everything was fine even though this huge battle, war even, was going on in my body. Does that make sense?’

‘Oh it makes sense all right. There’s definitely a war going on sweetie. Keep going...please?’

‘And then I felt this warmth on my leg. Just a little’

Splash.

Sarah lost control for a second, utterly unplanned and against her will.

Splash.

Will let out a spurt suddenly against all desire.

‘I heard it like a little sssssss sound. I felt it. I was sure I could even smell it. I shut my mind off. I was stuck in a moment of no return, in a situation where my body was ruling my everything. I entered a place I could not return from no matter how hard I tried. This moment was out-with my control, out-with my ability to reason or plan. Suddenly, violently, it happened.’

Swash. Swish, splash.

Burble, fizzing, foaming, hissing.

Simultaneous long, uncontrollable pissing going on and on and on.

‘Ohhhhhhh. Mmmmmmmm. Yeahhhhhhh’

Both tearful, sniffing, moaning.

Engrossed in history yet as present as ever. Locked in a memory so consuming it affected the present as if it was now. Reliving, re-experiencing, replaying events that changed everything for Will. Unity of mind, body and spirit on a level higher than anything either had ever known. The ultimate in healing, release, freedom, but without the humiliation that came with the original event.

It was only after both jugs were full, steaming and frothy that either opened their eyes.

Both jugs simultaneously, as if this was all a well rehearsed dream, placed on the table, while both ran into each other’s embrace, celebrating, relishing in the moment, as their lips met each other’s in a passion and connection never felt before.

It was time now.

*121*2019-02-04 09:36

{{8 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantastic chapter

}}

Thank you. I’m really enjoying writing this and so glad someone is enjoying reading it.

*123*2019-02-04 23:47

Both knew what the other wanted. Both knew what they wanted too. Sarah headed upstairs with Will following, tickling her, touching her; both full of life, full of desire and in tune.

Sarah jumped on her bed naked and patted the bed beside her. The time for talking was over and now it was time to let actions say more than words ever could.

Will pulled the duvet away laughing, his penis hard and ready now and his mind clear of stress and worry. He felt something very deep for Sarah, she had a way of going above and beyond; physically and emotionally connecting on a level way beyond his wildest dreams. This would be his way of thanking her for all she was doing for him.

Will was a perfect gentleman; no rushing, no pushing, no pain. His tongue and fingers made sure Sarah was thoroughly ready before entering, making her feel special on every level imaginable. Her giggles, moans and sighs bringing every part of him utter delight as he craved more yet took everything at the pace of his sweetheart. Their bodies in harmony, sliding together, slotting perfectly in place, moving as one. More like a dance, with no awkwardness or clumsiness on either side. Harmony, unity and togetherness as things reached a climax for both simultaneously as one, exactly as had happened moments before as their bodies released urine together.

Sarah lay there in Wills arms, content and happier than she had ever been. She could not imagine not having Will in her life now. How could they only have met a mere five days ago? She was always the one to speak first but fornow the silence said everything she needed and more.

Will was spent; happy, content and at peace in every way imaginable. As he lay naked with Sarah in his arms he could not picture himself anywhere else. He wanted to rest and remain here but ever the gentleman he was aware he hadn’t been invited to stay. He only came for the curry tonight and he’d long since eaten that. Sarah was always the first one to talk, but Will had to know before he could settle.

Will turned his head gently so as not to disturb Sarah. He stroked her cheek lightly with his fingers before whispering in her ear.

‘Sarah, do you want me to go home or stay? I don’t mind.’

Sarah’s kiss said everything she wanted it to as she faced Will, her arms cupping his neck and head to bring him as close as possible. Just to reassure Will though she whispered ‘please stay’ before kissing his neck and resting her head on Will’s chest.

Within ten minutes they were asleep in each other’s arms not even stirring until Sarah’s alarm went off at 6:30am.

Will had never carried out his morning work routine in someone else’s house. For the first time he could ever recall he didn’t want to go to work. The anxiety of driving in from a different location, the not knowing exactly how long the route and traffic would take, the wearing the sane clothes as the day before: it all stressed Will so much. Where was his shower gel? Oh yes of course it was in his own apartment! Even Sarah’s towels felt different. It was awkward, strange and making him very anxious. In all the activity and sudden change of plan he hadn’t even taken his medication before bed, let alone even had it with him.

He cared deeply for Sarah. He desired her greatly and wanted to be with her always but he decided this was all too much. He needed his own place, his own routine, his own mug he used every morning for coffee.

Oh no! His work mug! Will panicked at the thought his work mug was still in his bag in his car. He put that in the dishwasher every night. The same with his plastic lunch box which was now empty. This was getting too much and tears were forming rapidly in his eyes. He couldn’t do this. Too much change, too much confusion.

Sarah showered quickly after Will, dressed herself in her work suit with pink stripy blouse and headed downstairs. She was shocked to see Will struggling to put on his clothes from yesterday, his blond curls still wet, his beard not as trimmed as always, his actions like that of a young child rather than a man. She still had twenty five minutes before she needed to leave so she gently stood Will up, fixed the buttons on his shirt, kissed his cheek and turned on her laptop. She beckoned to Will to sit as she typed google street map into the search engine and suggested to Will he typed his work postcode into the destination. She knew Will had sat nav, but she also knew Wills anxiety meant he needed much more. He had to know the route himself and even though Sarah lived just a few miles from Wills apartment she understood well how Will could not simply connect the dots and break the journey up into parts. It was just one journey to Will and now he didn’t know it.

While Will read, reread and reread over and over the route from Sarah’s to his work Sarah appeared with toast and banana for them both, coffee for Will and tea for her.

Will was calming slowly as the familiarity of his work building showed on the map. A link beside his work building got the better of Will and he clicked on it to see where it lead. Up popped a Wikipedia page about his company, the building and its history. Will scrolled and stopped at a sentence that stood out.

‘Unlike other typical office buildings this three storey building is rather unique in that all convenience facilities are confined to the basement level, below road level, as drainage has always been a big concern due to the area being known as at flood risk.’

‘Sarah did you read that?’

The internet had always helped Will do everything in life. Now not only was it reassuring him of the route to work from Sarah’s house it was suddenly giving him the knowledge of where the bathrooms were located where he had worked for almost six years but had never found.

‘Thank goodness for the internet’, Will said as he smiled at Sarah as she chewed on toast beside him.

‘You know I always hoped the internet would help me pee and with your help, my beauty, I think it will!’

And at that Will gulped his mug ofcoffee down in a one-er.

