Emma's Office Agony

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2019-01-07 20:28

PART 1

Emma stepped on it as her car flew down the highway, clearly breaking the rules of the road. She was lucky. If a cop saw how fast she was going this morning, she would be toast. Then again, any risk right now of speeding may be worth it as long as she made it where she needed to go. And boy did she have to GO!

It was August, and Emma, a hot, dashing twenty-year-old college student with long blonde hair doing an internship at a small, but very elite office in her state that handled things like political papers, campaign managements, all run by Maylen Powers, a powerful woman in her late forties who practically owned the state. She had businesses, groups, and was running for senate.

The fact Emma, after two years of hard work in college, kissing the ass of most of her professors for references, and giving up things like family, friends, parties (fun stuff), got this internship, which paid very well and would look very good on her resume, as well as having connections with the most powerful woman in the state. Life would be set. Which is why as her shiny, thin, but muscular white legs trembled in those black low heels and short skirt that had a cool design of thin black and white stripes overlapping eachother, tight around her hips and ass, and her boobs shook from the heavy breathing under her tight white office sweater, she needed to get down there.

But there was also another pressing matter at hand. Emma’s legs trembled and she shook in her seat because although very conservative at times, she was not so about keeping up with bathroom breaks and how much coffee she drank. She always put off peeing until the last minute, straining her bladder, making her squirm as much as she did now as she drove. She reached a light as she pulled off the exit. “Oh come on, come on, come on!” She bounced in her seat. Her small, cute eyes on that pretty face watered a little as the sharp, hot, stinging pulses of her bladder gave off one after the other.

From her lower half in that area she felt great discomfort echoing throughout her body and straining her crotch trying to force it open and let a river rush out of her. It was like her pee was literally punching her gut to escape her body and ruin her panties, skirt, shoes, and anywhere else her pee would trickle to. She was using her dad’s car, and she owed him a lot for all he helped her with. Letting her use his fancy car to show off to her boss and seem professional. Paying for her school. Making calls to help her get this internship. She needed the excellent grades and extra curriculars she had to get it, but the more connections helped as well. She felt like a leak was going to start in her panties any second. She was a secretary for a powerful woman, this could NOT happen to her!

As the light turned green, she cursed her sister as she turned, pressing one hand into her crotch under her skirt and between her legs. She was ready to blow! Sweat leaked down her face as she bit her bottom lip and thin belly clenched by stress around her tight, full as all hell bladder. Her nipples pierced her white sweater from the panic that roared inside of her. She woke up this morning, and her sister barely gave her a chance to use the bathroom. She waited and waited, legs crossed outside the door, but had to shower quick cause she was running late and then headed out without a single use of the toilet. She had a full night’s worth of pee screaming painfully to be let out.

Emma pulled into the small office’s parking lot, grabbed her bag and ran inside. Her legs remained tight together as she took small fast steps inside. Two people greeted her as she walked by, but she only waved fast and gave an awkward smile. She speeded up as she felt her bladder, which made a bulge stick out of her white sweater, started to overcome all her will and might. “Oh, no, oh no!” She burst through the women’s bathroom ready to explode everywhere, and saw that the three stalls were taken; well sort of. Two occupied, one out of order. “Oh! I gotta pee!”

Emma’s arms crossed her chest as she bounced foot-to-foot. The thought of having an accident here would end her. It would too embarrassing to ever even think about coming here again. She knocked on the stalls. “Ummmmm…you almost done?!?” she said stuttering. Her nerves raising to extreme panic. “I r-r-really have to g-go!” Finally, one girl flushed, and the sound of running water almost caused a release of Emma. Her jaw dropped as she kicked one leg back tight holding in the boiling ocean inside of her. Her knees bending as she crouched down to hold her crotch together. She ran right in past the girl who left, ripped her skirt down as she shut the door, and brought her panties off her private places as she sat down and let out a huge stream, of hot pee, blasting into the toilet.

Emma sighed with relief, smiling and closing her eyes. The relief was so good both physically and emotionally. Her bladder felt lighter and lighter each passing second she let out this massive pee. “Oh…yeah…” she said in a calm, quiet tone. She just avoided the most graphic accident possibly in her entire, young life. After over a minute, she flushed, washed her hands, and went to work with a true smile.

###

Emma had only been there for an hour, and had done about a day’s worth of work already. With the election so close, the office had lots to do. She found herself racing across the office, straining her poor feet as she filed the contributions to get in the last minute campaigning. She loved the rush. It was a hot, summer day. The AC system was barely working, only having one box on the ceiling blowing out air, and of course it was nowhere near Emma’s desk. She tried to pass by it little by little whenever she could.

After her first hour of work she had drank one bottle of water, and was already gushing down a second.

“Coffee, Emma?” asked Jason, a cute office accountant who she went to college with. It was obvious he had a crush on her, and she would love to return the feelings, but her life was too busy right now. She had plenty of time for fun later in life. None the less, she took the coffee and thanked him.

“Thank you, Jason!” She got up and gave him a friendly hug. She felt something poke her lower below. She blushed, and so did Jason as she walked away.

Mmm…yum, Emma thought. The hot, sugary, creamy taste of caffeine across her taste buds. After the stressful morning she had, it was nice to relax a little. As much as she loved coffee, she usually had it strong. No cream or milk. But this one was loaded with it. Jason probably wanted to tell her she’s sweet in his own, corny way. She giggled at that. Emma was a little, just a little, lactose tolerant. Her stomach and belly did not agree with dairy that much. Another reason why she was in such great shape. Cutting out fatty foods like nachos, pizza, etc…she felt good, and looked good.

As she sat at her desk doing some paperwork, Emma started to feel a slight pressure down below. She rolled her eyes at the annoyance of pee slowly making its way into her bladder again from the two bottles of water she drank down so fast. The coffee as thick as it was probably would not help with that either. She fidgeted in her chair left to right as she squirmed her hips in place and legs crossed. Tightening her crotch as she worked and tried to ignore the having to go feeling returning. But she felt it picking up fast. Her bladder slowly becoming heavier, small pulses pushing against her gut saying, “Emma, Emma! Let us out, before you explode!” Too much work. She was a big girl. She could hold it for a while longer.

It had been almost three hours of work, and Emma’s legs were crossed tight, having switched flipping over each other every ten minutes or so to hold in her growing need better. Nature was calling as much as all the phones that were ringing. Out of nowhere the mild bladder pains grew into this one, huge pulse that made Emma’s pupils widened in panic, feeling like she was about to lose control in her office. Her legs crossing tight and pulling up to her gut in her chair. She closed her eyes and moaned, “Errgghh!” as she bounced. She placed her hands in her lap to try and relax, and that big pulse settled down. She let out a breath of relief, really feeling like she was about to have an accident just then.

“Emma!” said someone from behind which made Emma jump in her seat. She spun around and saw Maylen Powers, a forty-something-year-old but hot, tan legs in that black skirt with heels. Her dark hair hanged behind her shoulders. This was truly a woman of power. “How are the final statistic reports coming? Do you think we have all the data we need for the election?”

Emma pulled out a blue paper and pointed to the rows across it, showing Maylen was ALMOST in the lead behind most issues. She had a couple people ahead of her though. Men, of course. Emma said, “You’re doing well Ms. Powers. I’m keeping up on all changes of data from our survey site. I’ll keep you updated.” She gave the politician a thumbs up and smile.

“Excellent. Keep up the great work. Remember, I can make or break you. It’s all up to you though.” With that, she walked off.

Emma took a deep breath. She took several more trying to calm herself as the pressure from the job rose. Blowing air out of her mouth which made her cheeks flap on her face. Holding her fingers in a meditation-like pose. “I got this.” She said. She turned back to her computer when all of the sudden her belly growled. So loud that a couple people walked by and heard it from the other side of the desk. Emma’s jaw dropped as she blushed, but also put both hands against her belly. It gave a softer growl, and with that came increased discomfort.

She felt the inside of her gut moving from her left side to her right. Each move was like a pulse that only became heavier each time it felt like it switched sides. She felt as if something was moving outside of her, and crossed her legs tighter, but also squeezed her butt cheeks together. “Oh man,” Emma said nervously. She felt a burning pressure in her intestines. THE COFFEE! So much cream and milk mixed in. Her lactose body was NOT agreeing with that beverage from Jason. She bent over in her chair a little as the discomfort expanded like a bubble painfully in her gut. Emma already had to pee pretty bad again from those two waters, but now…she had to poop too! “Oh…man…I gotta go!” She got up, and headed to the bathroom.

TO BE CONTINUED......

*002*2019-01-08 18:49

{{2 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

This is excellent so far

}}

Thank you

*003*2019-01-08 18:53

PART 2

Her arms stayed tight to her sides with fists as she hurried along keeping her legs and ass shut tight to hold it her ocean and whatever the hell her lactose body was trying to let out.

“Emma!” yelled Bobby, one of the local surveyors who went out into the towns to ask questions for their data.

Emma sighed. She walked over to Bobby who held the phone out for her. She answered, “Powers Campaign Office, this is Emma, how may I help you-!” She stopped for a second, flinching as one leg kicked back a bit holding in her uncomfortable pee and poop. She was REALLY holding something fierce back. But she was staying strong. “How may I help you?”

It was one of their top financial contributors. Complaining that he heard all these rumors about Powers. Emma was on the phone just listening to his rant for what had to be fifteen minutes before she got a word in. She looked around for a chair to steal since standing up while really needing to go to the bathroom felt so bad when holding. She fidgeted as little as she tried, but her hips waved back and worth as her bladder pulses slowly became stronger. Emma did not know why, but after twenty minutes of being on the phone, she grabbed a cup of water from the small fountain near her and drank it down. Hot day, but she would regret it possibly. She wiped the sweat off her forehead that formed as a result of her increase nerves and coming panic. Like butterflies surging through her belly. As she ensured the man one last time the rumors were false, and his money is well spent on them. Finally, she said good-bye, hung up the phone, and started to hurry off to the restroom.

She got there and stopped in her tracks frozen. A CLOSED FOR CLEANING sign blocked the halls that had the bathrooms in them, with the janitors going in and out to their mop buckets to clean. “Are you fucking serious?” Emma said. She tiptoed to the open women’s room and saw the janitor mopping up. The splash every time the mop hit the floor sent a rage of discomfort into Emma’s growing painful pulses in her bladder. She tried to hold still and look as dignified as she could, but she had to squirm here and there as she held herself up on the edge of the doorway. “Almost done?” she asked with a fake, awkward smile.

“Just give me a minute more honey,” said the old janitor. “Just a minute more. Water keeps leaking from the broken toilet right there.” LEAKING. Just hearing that word sent shivers down Emma’s spine that made her close her eyes and bounce right there. The janitor did not even notice. “I keep telling your boss lady Powers, she smart, but knows nothing about plumbing.” Emma sucked her lips into a tiny frown as her hips motioned back and forth, her leg kicking backwards to hold back her loads. “You can’t just buy a cheap office like this to save money, and hold off on updating things. Why I-.”

“Ummmm, you know what?” Emma interrupted. “Sorry, but they need me at the desk. Over there. Just um, I’ll be back soon I guess.” With that, she left. The urgency of her situation only growing. Emma knew she started to reach the bursting levels she encountered this morning where she literally almost had an accident in the office after walking in. She could NOT let it get that bad again.

TO BE CONTINUED...

*006*2019-01-08 21:54

{{1 hour ago, wedgeantilles said:

Wow, what an amazing story!

This is not the first story you have ever written, is it?

}}

My first omorashi story. Thanks

*009*2019-01-13 20:28

Chapter 3

Emma held tightly onto her desk as she laid her ass against it and crossed her ankles, legs shaking a bit just to keep everyone distracted and not making it look like she actually had to go which would be embarrassing.

Poor sweet Emma frowned and found it hard to hold still. A burning pressure pushed against her belly beating her on the inside to get out. Emma’s foot tapped as the discomfort worsened and she felt the intense need to pee which bad levels in which she had to go NOW!

Emma, sadly, feeling her intenstines reacting worse to the cream she drank like a dummy were on fire, her butt cheeks squeezed which made her legs shake more and harder.

“Mmmmmm.” Emma moaned in pain. She closed we eyes for a brief second as a huge pulse rocked throughout her body and almost caused release. “Finish already.” She whispered to herself annoyed, seeing the bathroom still closed for cleaning.

”Hey Emma,” said her friend Kayla who walked up to her in a black jacket and tight white skirt. She looked at her friend and saw the awkward movements she tried to keep under control. “Um...are you ok Em?”

Emma, in a low, rasped voice of struggle said, “I...I just REALLY need to use the bathroom. S...stu...pid janitor better finish soon before I make a mess.”

”I’m sure he’ll be done soon,” Kayla said. “I gotta piss like hell too.” She admitted while brushing back her curly black hair with her shiny tan hand. She then bounced a little.

“Hey Emma,” said Randy, a graphics designer. “I need some plastic sheeting. Could you grab me some and bring it to my desk? I gotta grab something from the big printer and need to get all this done before our rally today.”

Emma rolled her eyes and bounced, keeping her legs crossed tight. “S-sure.” She stuttered. Emma walked away from Kayla who pushed two hands against her crotch, hoping she didn’t have an accident in her white skirt. Hoping she and Emma would make it.

Emma opened the door of the supplies room and suddenly the door slammed shut, and she was spun around, ALMOST losing control. She held the muscles in her gut painfully together feeling a huge cramp that made her want to scream in agony.

There was tall and handsome Bruce. Her office crush. “Been waiting to see you all day babe.”

To be continued... ALSO Bruce is her boyfriend, this is NOT about to become a dark story. It’ll be kind of humorous since she really gotta go and he wants to make out lol

*013*2019-01-16 21:45

Chapter 4

As Bruce locked his lips onto Emma’s making their hormones scorch, Emma, who although found Bruce very hot, could not enjoy this as her cramps were worsening. A tear dripped down her cheek as the pain of her expanded bladder was so bad it literally felt like her bladder was ripping in half. The large load pushing on her insides and made her keep her legs tight to avoid anything coming out.

That’s when it got really bad. Emma started to bounce and panic aggressively like an earthquake was happening below her. She felt the diarrhea reaction from her coffee almost slip out of her ass hole, so she squeezed her cheeks together hard. With all her might she pushed Bruce off.

“Whoa! You ok?” Bruce said.

Emma shook while bouncing and her eyes watered, unable to handle the situation much longer. In a low, strained, breathless voice she said, “I...I’m...f-fine.” She could barely speak. Admitting bathroom needs to another girl was easy, but to a guy, especially number 2, it made her blush hard and bend over, holding her belly and keeping her legs crossed as she continued to bounce. Emma was crying.

“What’s wrong?” Bruce asked.

“N-nothing. I just...just...need to get back to work. Stressed, big day, ya know?” She was freaking out, her chest tight as her body went into an anxiety attack. “I gotta go.” She started to walk out, but Bruce grabbed her on her arms.

“Hey, babe, talk to me what’s wrong?”

They had not been together longer. It was only an office make out thing for the last week. She was not talking about this. She just had to get to the toilet NOW!

“I’ll talk to you later!” Emma said quickly. She almost lost a spurt of pee but held back the last second, about to explode in her panties. She pushed past Bruce and out the door headed for the bathroom. She passed the janitor with his cart so the bathrooms must be ready!

Emma smiles a bit, and got to the back of the place ready to unleash a load like no othe-“No!” She said freaked out.

Emma’s legs shook and her face was covered with sweat as she stared at a huge line for the toilets. The women’s room said “out of order” so men and women, none of whom were in agony squirming around like Emma, were in a line for the remaining bathroom.

Emma’s hands rubbed down her face, not knowing if she’d be able to do this. She was in physical pain in her bladder and belly feeling bad like they were being torn apart inside and it’s hurt. Her emotional level was crazy as she feared having an accident here at work! She shook, and cried, “why!?!”

To be continued...

*021*2019-01-23 17:36

Chapter 5

Emma shook in physical agony feeling so full and her belly bloated out so it look like she was hiding a sports ball under her shirt. Oh the bulging and pulses were huge, boiling pressure pushes that made it impossible for Emma to stand up straight. She had to use the toilet soooooo bad! “Oh my God!” Emma cried.

She jumped into line asking the front if she could cut but they pushed her away shaking their heads.

She squabbled over down the line “excuse me Melanie, I’m really desperate , can I just” but she was pushed away again.

”We all are Emma. Hold it!”

Emma shook, holding tears and a huge load back that was destroying her physically on the inside and bursting to destroy her social life outside. “Ah, oh!” Emma shrieked. She started to feel one huge pulse go off after the other and was dancing around foot to foot with her arms tight at her sides clenching every muscle. Her vain showed on her forehead as she increased her muscular output to hold back but she lost a spurt.

Her heart skipped a beat as it moister her panties and ran down her bare leg. Emma bounced and squabbles over to the paper towels at a desk and wipes her leg. She was in utter and complete panic and pain, feeling another spurt start to let loose, but she crossed one leg over the other as tight as she could. Poor, poor Emma.

She bounces into line bending over as her skirt stretched over her tight sexy athletic ass. Legs still crossed, hands holding her knees, sweat rushed down her face and her eyes physically started to burn from the tears flooding them.

“Oh no...AH...E!” Oh why was this happening to the poor sweet girl? She wasn’t bad. She didn’t deserve this torture. But she squirmed in line as her belly let out a soft growl that came with intense pressure pushing on her insides so hard she felt her ribs might shatter or organs come out of her sides like a horror movie. “Oh...ah...n-no no no!” She pushed her hands into her crotch holding on for dear life but felt herself starting to lose.

The line was moving fast. She was a few people away from the door. But would she’s make it?

To be continued

*022*2019-01-23 22:49

{{On 1/8/2019 at 3:44 PM, Ktpq said:

I love part one and part two ^_^

I cannot wait to read what happens to Emma in the next installment

}}

I read some of your works. Very interesting. Could I give you a topic to do a quick story on? I’ll do one for you after. Or you can put input on this story.

I ask because my idea is male desperation but not many people seem to want that

