Wriggling Wyatt

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-06-06 22:28

Wriggling Wyatt

Wyatt sat in the waiting area, the only male there. He wanted this job badly but knew his chances of success were lower than average both as a male and because of the colour of his skin. Yet he had the qualifications and the experience so he was determined to give it 100%. His mouth was dry so he opened his bottle of water and sipped steadily as each name was called through one by one. He adjusted his neck tie and wiped his suit trousers.

Finally his name was called and he headed through for part 1: the interview. Wyatt confirmed his details and showed identification and was then offered tea or coffee, accepting a coffee gratefully. It was a three panel interview and Wyatt was pressed heavily, but despite being extremely nervous he felt pleased with how he performed. An hour and a half later and he was taken by one of the interviewers to another room where a few other interviewees sat nervously waiting too. The room had tables and chairs and a few of the others were making polite conversation but Wyatt felt different so he sat alone looking through the notes he had been given. He crossed his legs lightly feeling a bit of a need for a bathroom but putting it down to nerves. Another person was brought to the room and sat near Wyatt but said nothing.

Ten nervous minutes passed before someone else came to the door and called out a few names and the relevant people gathered their things and filed out the room, leaving Wyatt and just three others alone. The atmosphere was tense and nervous and Wyatt did wonder if he could maybe slip out and find a bathroom before his name was called but just as he gathered his notes and suits jacket to stand up someone came to the door and called his name as well as the others.

Wyatt followed the man down a long corridor and into another larger room where the delegates were asked to sit around a large table and help themselves to light refreshments and drinks. Wyatt opted for orange juice and a small sandwich and biscuit as his stomach churned with nerves still. With the change of room and circumstances Wyatt temporarily forgot about his bladder as he slowly drank his juice and ate the refreshments until a number of well dressed people arrived and sat at the table indicating to the delegates to do likewise.

For the next hour and a half Wyatt engaged fully in what turned out to be a role playing situation as he tried his utmost to impress and show his skills whilst becoming increasingly aware of his filling bladder.

He just hoped that at the end of the session he’d have a chance to use the toilet. It certainly didn’t feel appropriate to interrupt the role play to ask for a break so he wriggled, crossed his legs and squeezed to bide some time.

Finally that part came to a close and one of the leaders explained what was happening next. Each delegate was to have some individual time completing an online questionnaire in a room alone to ensure there was no discussions or collaboration between delegates. Whilst one person completed it the others would be allowed a break to freshen up and get some fresh air.

Wyatt breathed a sigh of relief sensing a much needed lavatory break was finally coming. He’d been holding quite some time and was so looking forward to getting to relax in front of a toilet.

‘In order of fairness we have decided to take candidates in reverse alphabetical order by forename. This means that Wyatt Jamalli, you are first sir. If you would follow me please and Helen will take the rest of you back to the room where you may help yourself to more tea/coffee, use the toilets or get some fresh air and we will call each of you through in order. We appreciate your patience and thank you all for your time so far.’

Wyatt was sure he would at least be offered a toilet break first too. Surely he had to. He wanted to ask but it felt rude and inappropriate as the person leading him hadn’t spoken a word since they had left the others.

Wyatt was shown into a much smaller room where a computer was set up on an otherwise empty desk and a swivel office chair sat in front of it. The computer was switched on and set up with the screen displaying some sort of log in. The smartly dressed woman who had brought Wyatt to the room issued him with a card which had log in details on.

‘If you use this to log in please. Just start whenever you are ready. For security I should let you know that you will be watched while you complete this, no video or photos may be taken in the room and when the questionnaire is complete please press submit on the screen and someone will come and get you. You will then be taken back to the main entrance where you will be free to go. You will hear the results of your interview within three days. Good luck.’

And at that she left and closed the door.

Wyatt desperately wanted to ask if he could possibly use the gents first but the door was closed before a word was even out his mouth. He had no idea how to get back to the main entrance or to where the others were, so he resigned himself to having to hold his bladder for at least another half hour. He hoped the questionnaire would take his mind off how badly he had to go.

Wyatt put his suit jacket over the back of the chair and sat down, wriggling immediately as his bladder sent another urge to be emptied. He logged in using the codes given to him and began answering the questions to the best of his ability. Concentrating was difficult as fidgeted and squirmed more and more forgetting that he was being watched the whole time. The questions were in depth and required extensive answers which were making Wyatt frustrated and stressed.

‘Oh man! I so have to piss!’

Wyatt rocked on the chair, wiggling constantly from side to side and forwards and backwards, one hand pressing against his penis as he tried typing answers one handed. Getting increasingly worried he might piss himself he stood up typing one handedly as he pee danced and grabbed himself tightly.

He knew he was risking losing out on a high paid and sought after job but the pressure in his bladder and between his legs was so intensive and overwhelming Wyatt was sweating and swearing under his breath.

‘Fucking hell man, this is BAD. I have to fucking piss so badly I’m never going to make it out dry!’

Wyatt could feel tears forming at the back of his eyes. His bladder was bloated making his suit trousers tight and his shirt was wet with sweat. His vision was blurred by sheer desperation that reading the questions and typing the answers was becoming harder and harder. Yet until he finished and pressed submit Wyatt was stuck in the room alone with no option of a bathroom anywhere. So he sat back on the seat swinging his legs and wriggling as he tried forming sentences as best he could.

Finally he came to the last question and he almost cheered as the elusive ‘submit’ button appeared on screen at last. Wyatt pressed the button and sat with both hands pressed at his crotch, bend forward, wriggling frantically waiting for someone to return.

Less than a minute later the door was pushed open by a very red faced smartly dressed lady in high heels, tights and a black dress suit.

‘Well done. I wasn’t sure you would cope with that but it seems, from what I could see anyway, that you did very well indeed. Now if you follow me I will escort you to the main entrance Mr Jamalli where you can sign out. Emmm...would you like me to show you the gents first though?’

‘Oh God yes please! Please please tell me it’s not far..too much coffee...long day...sorry this is embarrassing...’

‘It’s fine Mr Jamalli. I errr....I could see you have been struggling....actually there’s a toilet right next door...you could have went anytime during the questionnaire...I thought you had seen the sign on the way in...I’ll wait here for you...’

Wyatt wriggled some more on the chair with both hands still tightly wedged at his crotch as a squirt shot out against his will. He undid his trousers hook and raced out the room and into the toilet next door where he only just made it.

He returned to a very red faced, well dressed, lady sitting wriggling on the very same seat he had just got up from.

‘Oh you’re back Mr Jamalli! I’d better show you out now. Good luck sir. I really hope you get the job. We could do with more determined, strong, focussed people like yourself here. Maybe we shall, meet again? It’s just along here then first right and if you hand your visitor pass to reception they will sign you out. Thanks again for coming today. You will here from the company soon.

Wyatt did hear from the company. They offered him a trial which he accepted though he didn’t see the well dressed lady again.

*002*2020-06-07 09:02

{{1 minute ago, Spectator9 said:

Someone who is so "determined, strong and focused" deserved the job! Indeed, Wyatt's ordeal would be one useful way of testing a candidate.

}}

And something I would enjoy watching lol

*005*2020-06-07 11:00

{{12 minutes ago, wannawatch said:

Completely agree !

I think it's safe to say that we can't wait until 'Xeroxing Xanthippe' is going to be released !!

(allthough I'm certain that our beloved author will get up with a better name..)

}}

That made me laugh so much! Thank you.

Glad you have enjoyed these. Afraid I only have one left but open to suggestions of further series if people enjoy them

*008*2020-06-07 13:10

Would anyone prefer an all woman series or an all men one?

