More uncomfortable decisions - Page 2

Author: Mickey

*025*2018-11-29 03:20

{{On 11/25/2018 at 8:05 AM, Bf1fan said:

Ending soon?

}}

Actually yes. I always knew exactly how I wanted it to end, but was stuck getting Josh and Mary there. But then yesterday night, lying in my bed, I figured out how to get them there, and then in the excitement managed to ruin my sleep, but finish writing a draft of it :-D So now to the drafting ending, and editing :) Hopefully that can happen this weekend!

*026*2018-11-29 03:34

{{On 10/31/2018 at 11:26 PM, Melificentfan said:

Lol I loved that it was excellent

}}

Why thank you! And thanks for sticking with this, even with my irratic updates!

{{On 11/1/2018 at 2:43 AM, luckymon2 said:

Oh snap this is getting good! Definitely worth the wait. I always reread the whole story before reading the newest chapters so I could get the full enjoyment from it cuz I love it so much. I know this is only your second story and you're not even done with it yet but you're honestly already one of my favorite writers on the site

}}

Oh, that's too kind! I am literally glowing here, reading this! I am so happy to know you enjoyed this enough to actually reread every chapter! I was always afraid this was gonna be way too long for anyone to remain interested.

Also, thank you for sticking through with this.

{{On 11/3/2018 at 2:07 PM, Pilly Christal said:

I'm so happy to read this story! I liked it. I'm here for the male desperation, but I really like the stories where there is a couple. I'm waiting for the next chapter!

}}

Ah, glad to meet a fellow male desperation fan! Not enough male material on this site, is there? I'm glad to know you enjoyed it I hope you'll read and comment on the final chapter when I finally get it up - better late than never, I guess.

{{On 11/4/2018 at 10:56 PM, Rexone_312 said:

This keeps getting better!

}}

*Blush blush*

*027*2018-11-30 14:08

{{On 10/31/2018 at 10:24 PM, Mickey said:

Babe, that wasn't the reason ...

}}

Mary took a deep breath and decided this was as good a time as any to share her new found 'pleasure' with Josh. He might be weirded out, heck she herself still was, but he was also her best friend and there was no way she would keep something from him.

At the very least, he would be distracted. With a wry grin Mary settled down on her heel - grinding against it, relaxing from the pleasure. The extra friction was so good, she let out a small moan. Her bursting bladder settled, she started talking ...

"Josh, don't be weirded out, but I didn't want to go to the MacD because I wanted to become desperate to pee"

Yup, that got his attention all right. He finally looked up, though he kept both hands firmly clasped around his penis. Mary idly wondered how much liquid had Josh had? His crotch was definitely wet at this point, but there was hardly any telltale smell within the car. To have such clear pee, he must have drank a ton ...

Finally Josh managed a surprised "'Scuse me?"

"Ok, so weird story - I didn't get a chance to pee all day at work today. Things kept coming up, and I kept getting more and more desperate. It fucking hurt, I had to pee so bad. So I understand what you're going through"

"And yet you intentionally wanted to be in this situation? Again? On the same day!?" Josh was incredulous

"Hear me out?"

###

Josh heard the pleading note in her voice and nodded. His abdomen felt bloated, his bladder was on fire, and though he was clenching with all his might, his spinchter was giving up. The small (and not so small) leaks seemed to have just made him need to pee more. He couldn't imagine why Mary would volunteer to be in this situation, but he was willing to hear her out. After all, he had plenty of weird kinks too.

"I know the holding part isn't so much fun, but when I finally peed, the relief was so intense I almost orgasmed"

Josh let out an involuntary moan and closed his eyes shut. The image of Mary peeing nearly did him in. He could imagine the relief it would bring, finally letting the muscles relax, the pee gushing out of him. But he was an adult! He wouldn't pee his pants! He might leak, but he will hold on. He massaged his rock hard bladder, squirming to find a position that was a little less uncomfortable than the others. They would move soon. He would get to pee soon. In a proper sanitary facility. It'll all be okay!

"Here, sit on this. And stop leaning forward"

Josh opened his eyes to see Mary offering him a beach towel.

"I ... I .. I don't need to" he stuttered

###

Mary rolled her eyes. Josh was really trying sometimes.

"Really? Because the wet pants say otherwise" she snapped.

"I won't leak again", Josh responded with bravado. "And I don't see you sitting on one"

"Oh I plan to"

It had been almost 15 minutes since they stopped, and she was really regretting not finishing that pee in the office. The pressure on her bladder was increasing by the second, and she was quickly nearing her limits. Her pee-hole was burning and her pussy was throbbing. If she didn't find a way to distract her bladder from its relief mission, Josh wouldn't be the only one with wet pants.

"Josh, stop being so competitive"

"It's humiliating! Adults never pee their pants"

"They do. I almost did. I peed in a coffee cup earlier today - it was that or my pants. Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do!"

###

Another wave hit his bladder at the thought of peeing in a coffee cup. Oh, just 'bout any receptacle would do, his bladder was desperate for some relief, any relief. He just about managed to not lose control by clamping his dick in a vice like grip, but he had to admit he might not be able to stop the next one.

"Just sit on the towel, will you?"

Josh could no longer protest. He really was at the end of his rope.

"Lean back - your bladder needs all the room it can get."

He didn't have any fight left in him. He complied, and it did seem to reduce the pressure a bit. He finally gave Mary a small smile.

"Thanks." he managed to whisper through gritted teeth

"You're welcome babe. How bad is it?"

"My eyeballs are floating is the expression I believe" - Josh responded wryly

###

Mary couldn't help but laugh. It was good to see Josh relax a bit, as far as is possible in this situation anyway. But as a tiny spurt shot out of her bladder, she regretted laughing. Her situation was quickly becoming critical - she wondered if she should just let some out, to relieve the pressure. But tempting as that sounded, she really did want to push herself to the limit - ah, the orgasmic pee she'll have as soon as this damn traffic moves.

"How much did you drink anyway?" - she blurted out the first question that came to mind. Talking was a good distraction from her bladder troubles. Or so she hoped.

Josh whimpered at the question - Mary heard the distinct hiss as a large spurt shot out of Josh's overtired bladder. Thank goodness for the towel!

"On second thoughts, discussing drinks in our current situation is probably not a good idea"

Josh gave a pained smiled at that, but gripping his dick tighter he responded anyway.

"Ye think? But I can't think of anything else at the moment, all I can think of is the gallons of liquids sloshing about. I drank a ton Mary. Way too much"

###

Josh doubled over as another spurt threatened to escape, but through sheer superhuman will power managed to stop it. Talking about fluids is a really bad idea. But he was like a moth to a flame.

"I haven't peed since the beginning of my lunch break. That was what? Around 12 o'clock that was. I had only a small bottle of water and a soda with lunch. But then I had back to back meetings, from 1. You know how boring those are!"

"Yeah, proper snoozefests as you tell me. Once or twice. Just about every day" Mary went for the sarcastic.

That drew a smile from Josh, but quickly turned in to a grimace as his bladder contracted again. Fuck, he had to admit, pissing his pants was a serious possibility. They had barely moved an inch in the last half hour! His cheeks red, he quickly continued his story. Talking at least keeps the humiliating thoughts at bay.

"Yeah, ok, I might have mentioned it once or twice too many! But sitting through those snoozefests meant I drank a ton of coffee and soda to keep myself awake, and just for something to do. Four mugs of coffee, and 3 cans of Coke to be exact - one at the start of each meeting."

"Fuck! That's a lot! Your office really spoils you with the free sodas you know"

###

Suddenly the traffic started moving again. Mary had to get down from her heels and drive. Now that wasn't fun. But one must do what one must do. The edge of the seat will have to do for now.

They were going at a snail's pace, but they were coming nearer to that coveted toilet! Keeping one hand firmly on her crotch, she managed to find a reasonably comfortable driving stance. She should probably be grateful for the slow moving traffic - driving with only one hand would be out of the question otherwise.

"Fucking finally! Hallelujah!" Josh breathed out. He looked in immense pain, but he hadn't leaked anymore. They just might make it with their dignities intact.

Josh picked up his story as they crawled along.

"Well, I was bored. I was alternating between coffee and soda for just something, anything, to do. And of course all those sugary sodas make me thirsty. So I had a few waters too"

"Geez, you went the whole mile, didn't you"

"Yeah, by the end of the last meeting, it is 4:30 and all those sodas are asking to be let out. So I make a dash for the restrooms, but they're closed for cleaning. I'm already running a bit late for picking you up, and which adult man queues up for the fucking bathroom anyway?"

"The one who drank like 3 litres of liquids in 4hours?"

"Well, I have a pretty good bladder control you know"

"I would make fun of it, but yeah, given the amounts you drank, I have to admit it."

"I would have pissed myself long ago in your situation" she added softly.

"So I get in the car and think no problem, I will just use the toilets in your lobby"

"But that doesn't happen because I'm waiting out?"

"Yeah. At this point, I need to pee pretty bad, but it's not that bad yet. I know I can pee at the cafe, soon. And compared to now? It was like a fucking empty bladder"

"I wonder how you stopped yourself from making a dash to the toilets the moment we entered!"

"Well, I was pretty desperate at that point. But sitting down helped. Till that waitress started pouring the water. That sound just pushed my desperation through the roof"

"Why in the world did you order that water, on the way back from the closed toilet, if you were already that desperate?"

"Well, the waitress caught me doing an embarrassing pee pee dance in front of the toilet! I told her I was just waiting to order. Sparkling Water was the first thing that came to mind"

"You had some luck today didn't you. I don't know how you forced yourself to finish that huge milkshake and the water!"

"Well, pride will make you do strange things. I was almost peeing my pants, but I couldn't bring myself to admit it"

"You must have been really desperate when you suggested driving to the MacD"

"Yeah, I could barely keep the seal on. I thought I was a 9.5/10 and it could get no worse. Well, it's like a 15/10 now. I can feel the urine sloshing around. My bladder is constantly throbbing, like it is really angry at all the pressure. My dick hurts from trying to clamp it shut. I really don't know how much longer I'll last!"

"It's okay baby. It's okay to let some out you know. I'm thinking about it myself. It would be so good to reduce the pressure a bit, even a tiny little bit"

"I couldn't, couldn't possibly piss myself on purpose!"

"I know. Just know that I won't judge if you can't hold on. Ok? I love you"

"I love you too!"

###

The cars stopped again, and Josh gave a whimper as scissored his legs. Ah, that felt good! The friction somehow both erotic and decreasing the urgency of the situation.

Mary groaned too, but at this point, what was there to say? She saw Josh frantically scissoring his legs together like his life depended on it, and somehow his intense desperation managed to calm her bladder. Like it finally knew it could be a lot worse.

As the minutes ticked past, and the cars didn't move, the tears started rolling out of Josh's eyes from the sheer pain. The scissoring wasn't helping anymore, neither was putting more pressure on his numb member. Another spurt burst forth, as he fought with all his might to stay in control.

Mary reached out a hand to gently touch his shoulder.

"Don't ask me to let some go! I won't" he snapped

"Wasn't going to." she responded equivocally. "Was gonna say, you may want to put your fingers directly above the pee-hole. Block it sort of. I know it does jackshit, but believe me, it helps. And, erm, may be instead of just squeezing the circulation out of your dick, give it a few tugs"

"What the fuck!"

"I'm serious ... Believe me, it'll help. After all, you pretty much physically can't pee if you're hard"

"Fuck. Off. You can't be seriously asking me to jerk off"

"Just trust me. What have you got to lose?"

And as Josh felt his control slipping again, pee leaking out by drops, about to become another huge wet spot, he decides to take Mary up on her advice. What has he got to lose anyway?

###

Miraculously it helps. And while there's no way he can be aroused from this, stroking his dick did seem to do more to reduce his desperation than squeezing tight had.

From a 15/10 to a 13.5/10. But he'll be glad for small mercies.

The cars were finally moving at a decent speed, and Mary had to fully concentrate to keep on holding and driving at the same time.

The thought of the forthcoming relief foremost on both their minds, they were both silent, concentrating all their conscious thoughts inwards, on that one small muscle begging to just relax.

That is, till they turned a corner and could see The End of the Line cafe down the road. With cars parked a mile from it. Looked like they weren't the only ones "inconvenienced" by the traffic!

###

Josh swore, and then whimpered. So. Close. So. Fucking. Close. And yet so far! He couldn't imagine surviving a queue at this stage. He really couldn't believe it. The tears in his eyes was a combination of frustration, humiliation and pain.

As Mary zoomed past the cafe, he knew his control had crumpled. He quickly removed his hands from his pee-hole as he realized there was no stopping this stream. With a loud hiss, all that hot pulsing pee finally came gushing out and soaked the towel. There was a small rivulet soaking through his crotch and moving down the legs of the jeans. Ah, it felt so good!

For 20s he just enjoyed the bliss that was a hard earned pee, his brain having no space to think of anything else, as a strong jet of colorless pee continued to pour out. Then the humiliation stuck, the realization that his bum is now soaking wet, he's sitting in a puddle of his own pee.

He instinctively brought his legs close together as his consciousness won over and he tried to cut off the stream. But his bladder was still rock hard and potruding out, and in no mood to cooperate.

It was a good 30s more before he could even reduce the jet stream to a mild rivulet, another 20s to reduce it to a very slow trickle, and only after 2 full minutes was he back in control.

He still needed to go, and by some cruel trick, not all the pee that had escaped seemed to have decreased his urgency. Apparently emptying half of your distended bladder still leaves you with a mightily full one. But his bladder was no longer potruding out, and the pain wasn't there.

Or, the physical pain at least. The humiliation? That was something else.

###

Mary heard the sniffles and tried her best to assure her boyfriend that it was okay. She realized with some surprise that in spite of the massive wetting, Josh must still need to pee. His posture was still screaming that.

But right now all she could think of was her own relief. Not wetting herself right along with Josh was one of the most difficult things she had ever done, and she knew she had mere minutes before she would be left without a choice just like him. She prayed she had remembered the route right from her previous times here, in long ago summers.

###

When he regained his senses enough to wonder where they were going, "alternative toilet" is all Mary would tell him. Josh recognized they had turned off from the main beach road, but he had never been here before. Probably the highway to the next city, given the number of cars that were passing by? May be Mary knew of a cafe there.

He crossed his legs just in the nick of time, as Mary turned off in to a very ill maintained road. The bump almost caused him to leak some more, and he saw Mary's hand jump to her crotch. Where the hell were they going?

###

After a few bumpy minutes of riding that dirt road, where each bump jolted her bladder and all its contents threatened to spill out at once, she saw what she had been looking for.

This "road" actually led all the way to the cliff above the ocean, looking down on the beach. It was a beautiful, romantic place she had planned to take Josh someday. There was a trailer park there, where she had camped once upon a time. But no, she wasn't planning to go and knock on someone's door begging for a toilet.

Anyway in the hour it would take to reach there on this road (it just got worse, if memory served) they would both be beyond needing a toilet.

No, what she was looking for was the start of the "woods". The trailer park had been surrounded by a thick, green forest, that the campers usually went "hiking" on. No trails, just walk in the woods, enjoy the flowers, smell the fresh air, that sorta thing. But woods are also great places to pop a squat. And she meant to.

###

Mary stopped the car in the middle of nowhere.

"What! Where? What.." Josh was incoherent

"The woods, come on, that's our toilet" Mary urged him on as she squirmed in desperation.

"Here? It's not, we can be seen, we can be labeled sex offenders, we can .."

"Chill, will you? The only thing on this road is a trailer park. The people who enter this road are not the kind to report anything to the police, thanks to the constant harassment they always get. Probably wouldn't even report a murder. Much less 'indecent exposure'. Come on now"

Mary knew standing up would be the tricky part now. She fingered herself shamelessly as Josh's eyes bulged, but she was gonna need all the help. Her jeans were still miraculously almost dry, and she wanted it that way.

"Standing up's gonna make it worse."

"Oh". Josh gave himself a preparatory squeeze as well, almost in relfex, and blushed. He climbed out. It wasn't good enough to prevent another spurt escaping - but his jeans were already so wet, it didn't make a difference.

For a minute Mary surveyed Josh's damage. The material around the crotch and ass were soaked through, as were the insides of his pants till about thigh level. Looks like he had managed to position himself so that the towel took most of the damage. Good. Sitting around pee filled socks would have been a different kind of humiliation all together, she thought dryly. The towel had absorbed the pee and turned a shade darker all through, but hopefully nothing much had seeped through to the seats. Any way, they will deal with all these tomorrow - right now, she needed to pee.

Mary strode confidently in to the forest.

"While no one's gonna report us, being found peeing will still be embarrassing. So one of us has to stand guard."

Josh gulped. The thought of being caught made him reconsider this, but as his bladder throbbed again, he knew he was all in.

"Can I pee first, please?" He pleaded instead. "I am absolutely bursting"

"So am I Josh" Mary pleaded back

And Josh knew he had to give in. Mary's pants were still dry, she deserved the chance.

"Please be quick?" he begged

"I'll stop as soon as I can. Just relieve the pressure so I can hold till you finish. Promise"

"Thanks" he responded in a small voice.

They had reached a point where the group dipped down steeply, almost like in to a ditch. They wouldn't be visible from the road at all, and they should be able to see anyone coming, with the lookout standing on top. And the sharp slope would also give a person some privacy from their lookout.

In other words, "toilet".

Mary's bladder almost gave in as she thought it, and she had to bend in half and grab her crotch to just keep her pants dry. Now to explain the plan. Without peeing herself.

"Josh? You here. Lookout. I, " She wasn't capable of forming coherent sentences anymore. Thankfully Josh nodded and Mary decided she would simply lead by example about where to pee.

She slithered down the slope and behind the first thick clump of trees she encountered. As she fumbled to pull her pants down, she noted her assumption of privacy from the lookout was right too. So no watching Josh finally letting it rip. Oh well, fantasies for another day. Right now, she had to pee.

She put one hand inside herself and furiously massaged her pee-hole as she used the other to drag the jeans down. Losing her panties to that dustbin had been a blessing in disguise! Her fingers felt so good in there, but a loud whimper from Josh, followed by a plea to please hurry up broke her out of it. Her bladder was about to burst and she really didn't have time to spend pleasuring herself right now. Another idea, for another day.

She quickly pulled her pants out of the way, but before she could even lower herself fully in to a squat a stream of strong, hot, piss shot out of her. Ah, that orgasmic relief again. She moaned and sighed from the pleasure as the forceful stream created (and quickly filled) a hole in the dirt and then a rivulet started rolling down the slope. It was so so good!

After 45s she was still gushing at full steam and she felt like she could go on for an hour more. But she remembered her promise and tried to cut off her stream and give Josh a chance to relieve himself. Almost at the same time, Josh cried out "babe, please hurry, I can't hold on" and the pain in his voice was palpable. And she was trying, she really was, but she couldn't even reduce her stream.

After being denied full relief once, her bladder simply wasn't gonna be denied again. "I am trying, but I can't stop baby. Just, just a few seconds more. Please"

And she continued trying, but could stop only when there was not a drop of pee left in her, after almost 2 minutes.

She finally pulled her pants up and started trudging back up the slope to end Josh's "5 longest minutes of my life"

###

Josh watched as Mary slithered down the slope and disappeared from view completely, behind a group of trees. She had chosen well, he must admit. It was the most private place possible. He could lean against the tree, close his eyes, and pretend he was using an urinal at office, and none of this had ever happened.

But his bladder throbbed and tried to force some more pee out, punishing him for not using that urinal at office in the first place. He crossed his legs, ground the thighs together, somehow, somehow trying to maintain control. He begged Mary to hurry up. Oh he was being a terrible lookout, but the toilet looked so private, and really he had to pee so so bad. He couldn't think of anything else except the liquid in his bladder, pushing against the tiny tired muscle, wanting out.

As he straightened again, the ridiculousness of the situation hit him. Here he was, in wet jeans, standing in the middle of a deserted forest, waiting in line to use a fucking tree. While there were at least ten trees he could piss against without moving more than ten steps. And he was in this situation only because he refused to queue outside a perfectly good toilet for a minute!

It might be his imagination, but he could hear Mary peeing a gusher. And that just pushed his desperation up another notch. It was like in the traffic, before he had peed all over that towel, like he can't wait a single second more. Oh Mary had surely been peeing for 5minutes now! She had promised to let him go as soon as she had "relieved the pressure a tiny little bit. Just enough to not piss my pants". Surely she had peed enough!

He called out again, but as he heard the pleading in her voice he remembered how difficult it was for him to stop wetting! How much more difficult must it be for Mary when she has finally managed to find the place to pee in privacy?

He seriously considered just peeing against the nearest tree - he was a shitty lookout anyway. But something stopped him, it just felt wrong. He had to wait for the toilet, just like adults all do. He gritted his teeth and started massaging his cock again, like Mary had suggested. It would relieve the pressure enough to hold on. It had to.

He was hopping from foot to foot like a kid in front of a locked bathroom door, when he saw Mary finally come back in view. He started running down the slope immediately, sliding his member out as he passed her, without even acknowledging her. Finally, finally, 8.5hrs later, he could take a piss.

A strong stream shot out of his dick the moment he crossed the tree that had hidden Mary from view. His body couldn't wait a nanosecond longer once the coveted toilet was reached. His bladder couldn't wait for him to stop walking, find the best position and aim, it needed the relief now! Especially with the cold night air tickling his bared dick, making him shiver.

He simply leaned against the tree and let it rip. He was pissing all over the bathroom floor, but he had made it! So who cared! A strong stream of golden liquid arched out and spattered and hissed. Pee was rushing out of his bladder at full speed and he peed for a full minute before the gusher became a trickle.

He relished finishing his pee, squeezing and shaking the last drops out, the feeling of an empty bladder after so so long! He just soaked in the relief for a few seconds, before zipping himself back up.

His jeans no longer digging in to his bladder! Ah the simple joys of life! May be he did understand how Mary could want to become desperate, bursting for relief. The results really are worth it ...

###

As he reached the top, Mary immediately said "Sorry, I really really tried to stop peeing. I just, just couldn't. I'm so sorry". The guilt was really bugging her, Josh not even acknowledging her as he rushed past.

"Baby! You don't have to apologise! I know you couldn't stop. I couldn't have either - even with my half emptied bladder"

"You're not mad at me, right?"

"I'm just incredibly grateful you got us to a toilet"

And at that they both laughed. Mary went forward and pulled Josh in to a tight hug, wet jeans and all. Josh leaned in for a kiss, and with empty relaxed bodies, they kissed long and hard. And dirty.

When they finally pulled apart, Josh said "What say we skip the beach and have the picnic near the road instead?"

"I know just the spot! It's a few minutes walk from where we parked, and you'll love it!"

Just as they came back on the road, Josh quipped "We should visit the toilet before leaving for home". They both burst in to peals of laughter as they continued walking hand in hand, enjoying their unexpectedly desperation-themed date!

###

Author's Note - And thus ends the tale of Josh and Mary. Thank you for sticking through this mammoth tale. You have survived nearly 10k words of my writing! Congratulations! Please do leave your feedback - especially what else you would like me to write/anything you would like me to write differently?

[Also, thank goodness I never actually ran a word count before today - I never would have had the courage to post. ]

To the ones who encouraged me through out the two J&M stories, thank you. This last 5k word chapter never would have been written down otherwise. I was very sure no one could actually like such long stories, other than me. But you said you liked the long desperation, so this one's specially for you.

Hope you enjoy it!

PS - Fingers crossed the wetting and outdoor peeing part works for you all. My primary thing is desperation - the rest tend to be all embellishment, so these were rather difficult to write.

*033*2018-12-04 11:31

{{On 11/30/2018 at 9:38 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I highly enjoyed that story

}}

Thank you for saying so! Your comments helped a lot in motivating myself to finally complete this. Glad to know you enjoyed the ending too!

{{On 12/1/2018 at 3:58 AM, luckymon2 said:

Super hot! Thanks for staying so committed with the whole series I loved it : ) I look forward to your future projects!

}}

Thank you, glad to know you enjoyed it! I have a few multi-chapter story ideas (including one where fertilizer shortages makes human pee a controlled, precious substance), but I don't have the time to get to them right now. Will probably do a few short prompt-fills next, based on the ideas in my AskThread. Won't have the prolonged desperation, but I hope you will enjoy them when they come along.

{{On 12/1/2018 at 7:48 AM, Bangarang said:

Very good! I especially loved the parts of waiting for and using the toilet that wasn’t really a toilet

}}

Ah, that was my favorite part to write So glad to know it worked for you ...

{{On 12/3/2018 at 6:36 AM, nc_omo_dude said:

Great story! I want a girlfriend like Mary!

}}

Gee, thanks *blush* Mary, unfortunately exists only in my head, but I'm glad you enjoyed her!

{{On 12/3/2018 at 1:10 PM, Wombat48 said:

Great story!!

}}

Thank you!

*038*2018-12-26 08:55

{{On 12/9/2018 at 1:13 PM, Pilly said:

Thank you for this superexciting story! I really enjoyed reading, and I was really happy to see male desperation and wetting as well. I will be here to read if you will write another story!

}}

I will definitely write more male desperation Another male + female desperation story is currently in the works! Hopefully I can get it out before the new year * fingers crossed *

{{On 12/14/2018 at 8:27 PM, Rexone_312 said:

That was an epic story. Would be awesome if you continue with the lovely desperate couple!

}}

* Blush blush *

I might get back to them someday! However I have written myself in to a hole here. Logically the next step should be Mary admitting she found Josh's desperation exciting as well as her own, and them experimenting with both. But I am (currently) terrible at writing that kinda stuff - so at least till my writing improves, here they will remain. I will write more male + female desperation though - hope you'll enjoy those!

