Peter & Mike

Author: MikeB

*000*2026-02-21 06:46

Peter and Mike are two friends.

They are 19 years old and are constantly horny, as boys of that age often tend to be.

They love girls and they love them most when they need to pee and when they are desperate, but can’t go for some reason for a long period of time.

Whenever they spend time with girls they try to give them no opportunity go to the toilet, not give them a chance to wee for as long as possible.

They make them drink and hold and then they are waiting for what they do when they need to go but can’t.

The girls they dated were all very different and dealt varying with such situations.

Pee holding and full girl bladders have always been very important for their sex life and for their lust and pleasure.

They also repeatedly observed the girls urination habits in the college.These also varied greatly.

There were girls who went often and some who didn’t go all day. Those girls who didn’t go, the “holding girls “, they liked best.

Some had already crossed their legs at late afternoon.

For both of them became the hottest girl legs even hotter and more sexy when the girl crossed them to avoid wetting their panties.

At the end of the day, they talked about how much urine one or the other must have already had in her bladder and how urgently she must have needed to go after holding it for so long.

Again and again, they tried to invite such girls somewhere under some pretext to prevent them longer from going to the loo and to see them suffer for their lust and horniness.

Those girls who hadn’t been to the loo all day always had urgently to go after the last lesson. The two boys didn’t have to wait long to enjoy their need and to have fun with their desperation.

They had many such arranged, pleasurable experiences with girls, right after school when they were full from the day, or at dates when they didn’t get a chance to wee for hours on end.

Once they had a school day trip.

They met early in the morning in front of the university where a bus was already waiting for them.

The trip wasn’t particularly interesting for Peter and Mike, but they still wanted to have fun, so they decided to try to prevent two girls of their choice from pissing, as possible, for the whole trip.

Spending a day with girls who don’t go to the toilet and the challenge of keeping them from going all day would make their day very enjoyable and exciting.

Continue

*002*2026-02-25 23:39

{{On 2/23/2026 at 10:26 AM, ciaoita27 said:

I'd love to hear more!

}}

I am glad you like it.

*003*2026-02-27 22:53

It was early summer, the girls were finally showing off a lot of their smooth, beautiful skin after a long, cold winter.

The two girls Peter and Mike wanted to spend the excursion with, whom they wanted to prevent from going to the bathroom, were also friends.

The thinner one wore a very short dress and the slightly heavier and curvier one wore skimpy short shorts.

Although it was very cool in the morning, had both girls bare legs and the two boys liked that.

There were two seating areas on the bus where four people could sit opposite. One of them was taken by the four of them.

This way, they could better talk to each other and the boys could get excited and turned on by the girls sexy, nude legs.

A little after two hours they had their first pee break at a motorway parking lot. The four of them got out of the bus, but non of them went to the toilet.

The boys were happy about that, but not very surprised, because these two girls rarely or never went to the bathroom at school either.

That was also one of the reasons why Peter and Mike chose them.

After they arrived, there were several sightseeing trips during the morning, where there would also have been opportunities to go to the toilet, but none of the four took advantage of the opportunities.

At lunch, the two girls didn’t go to the bathroom either, much to the delight of the boys.

Peter and Mike also loved having their own bladders very full and this time, not least to know how urgently the girls already needed to go, but on the other hand they wanted to be on the safe side and that’s why they took a moment going to the toilet without the girls noticing, so as not encourage them to go too.

It was already late afternoon and the boys delight the two girls were still not at the toilet.

In the evening they made a last stop at a highway rest stop.

The professor told them all to go to the toilet because they would be driving nonstop back to the university, which would take nearly 3 hours and he didn’t want any problems with extra stops.

The slightly curvier girl said that she didn’t like these kind of toilets, but she had needed to go for hours and definitely couldn’t hold it for another 3 hours and wanted to get off the bus.

”Come on, you must be desperate too.” She said to the thin girl.

The two boys were disappointed, they would have loved so much, it was their goal to have the girls sitting opposite them with their bladders full from the whole day and with a strong urge to pee.

Knowing that they urgently needed to go, but that they were trapped on the bus for three hours and had to endure it no matter how urgent and how bad it becomes, would have been very arousing for the boys.

Maybe to buy them something to drink before leaving the parking lot to increase their urge.

To see their naked legs moving from needing to pee would have been so great for them, but the one girl ruined their fun, their enjoyment and their horniness.

”Come on, come with me, you haven’t been to the loo since you left your home this morning, you must need to go as badly as i do!” Said the girl.

”I really need to go urgently, but i will be able to endure it for another three hours. I rather hold it in than use one of the dirty toilets here.” Answered the thin girl.

Peter’s and Mike’s pants bulged visible at this statement.

“I hope you piss your panties!” Said the curvier girl a little bit angry and left the bus.

Peter also got off to get drinks for everyone, but especially for the skinny one and for her already very full bladder.

When Peter and the other girl had returned, the thin one said that she would rather go to the toilet now, because she doubted whether she could hold it that long, but just she stood up, the driver looked the door and started the engine.

The girl was now a little worried, but the boys were very satisfied.

”Justice be done to you!” Said her friend.

” Well, three hours isn’t that long.” Said Peter with relish.

”I haven’t been to the loo since 7 in the morning. How long do you think a girl can go without to pee?” She asked.

”I don’t know, but I’ve always wanted to find it out, maybe you can show it to me, Mike would also like to know it.”Answered Peter.

Peter, the sadist gave everyone a drink and said “ drink before it gets warm.”

Some girls don’t think about the fact that everything that goes in at the top has to come out at the bottom and that even a single drink can be very painful if the bladder is already completely full.

The skinny drank her drink very quickly and the reaction came very quickly as well.

A half an hour later, she could no more hide her desperation.

“You have to pee really bad, don’t you?” Asked Mike full of lust.

”I’m full to burst, I’m almost as far as my friend wanted me to be, I’m about to wet my panties.” Replied the skinny.

She crossed her sexy, slender, bare legs from one side to the other more and more.

She pinched and squeezed her delicate thighs with both hands.

She crumbled the lower part of her dress and pressed the fabric ball hard between her thighs, which became completely naked up to the top.

For the boys was this spectacle absolutely awesome to watch.

”Aren’t you embarrassed to act like that in front of the boys?” Asked the other girl.

”I can’t feel embarrassed anymore, i can’t no more care what you all think of me, my bladder is about to burst, that’s all i can think about.” Answered the girl.

”Are you at your limit now? Is it all what a girl can take?” Asked Peter.

”I don’t know, i just know I’ve never needed to go so badly before.” She answered.

It was like music to the ears of the boys, but her friend was worried and asked if she should ask the professor to stop.

The boys wanted more of the show, so Peter said “that it would be a shame to stop just for her, at one more hour we will be at the university and she could hold out for so long.”

“Can you?” Asked her friend and the skinny answered for pleasure of the boys that she has to.

After half an hour of intense struggle against her now already painful urge she said “ i have to pee so bad, i can’t stand it much longer.”

“ Show us your panties to see if they’re still dry or you’ve already wet them a little.” Said Mike and tried to lift her dress.

When they arrived at the university, she was afraid that she would start peeing as soon as she stood up.

The girl stood with her sexy legs tight knotted and bent forward and they waited until everyone had gotten out of the bus.

As soon as she got out a few drops of urine ran down on her hot, sexy legs, she could hardly hold it anymore.

There were some bushes at the edge of the parking lot. She went there with her knees rubbing together, her upper body bent forward and one hand pressed between her thighs for to pee for the first time since 15 hours.

For Peter and Mike, this was the most exciting school trip of their life.

