Desperate girl gamer

Author: MarginMaxis

*000*2016-11-11 00:22

Sorry I haven't been posting in a hellova long time but I'm back and ready to start writing again.

Fast,precise,elegant...that's the words they use to describe me. My name is Renesemay,but most know me as xXbloodrayneXx on PC. I'm an elite player on the game,"tom Clancy, rainbow six siege", in less than 30min. We will play in the finals against the "Mobile Tankers" for 5.5 million dollars. Our team is ready to finish this tournament once and for all.

"Ok both opposing teams will take their seats and prepare to fight for the multi million dollar prize...team tankers...are you ready!!!"

I hear each one of them scream yea...

"team omocrons, are you ready!!!"

"HELL YEA!!!" I scream at the top of my lungs.

"get it on then !!!"

And thus the game begins!

We start as the attackers and I picked ash, a character who has a breaching round grenade launcher. My other teammates choose,glaz,fuze,thermite,and twitch.our drones spawn in and we get moving.unfortunatly we never found the hostage,so I took a big gulp of my water bottle and kept going.

Ok sorry this part was short but I promise I'll write more next time...great to be back :>

*004*2017-02-28 04:19

So sorry about the GIANT gap but I was dealing with a ton of deaths and I even God hit by a bus going 60mph but it's all good now...hand still hurts though...ANYWAY LETS CONTINUE

I charged forward and gunshots rang out...the battle began, before I knew it I was down... CAVEIRA!!! Just before the knife entered my neck my friend killed her and it went to 5v4 I got up and shot a breaching round into the room they were in. The crowd went silent as the thing downed 3 of them...the last one was just around the corner...I RUSH HIM and end the first round with a knife kill

1-0

Another gigantic swig from my water bottle...perhaps to fast...I already feel it building but I'll be just fine...so long as there is no overtime

Defending: I'm caveira, my teammates are bandit,jäger,tachanka,and rook

I instantly dash away to the top floor putting down my reinforcements...a drone spots me "damn it" I move positions and in they come...I start to feel pressure in two ways...the match, and my bladder. I try to keep a focus but I don't know how long I can keep it...a buck breaks is and I get him down...and interrogate him...there all mine

Some time passes and I'm fidgeting. I can't stop either the score is 3-2 if we win this round were the champions...and I can finally pee.

I was swaping it up going twitch and shocking everything.just then I feel a pulse in my bladder and a spurt escapes...I panic and a tachanka guns me down...he moves on to ace my whole team...tears form in my eyes..."overtime"

At this point I can't focus anymore my bladder is taking control and I'm losing this battle. 3-3 3-4 4-4 this is it...after another 15min. My bladder is burning and I try to finish the game quick 5v5, 4v5 2v3 1v1 just me vs another...it all comes down to me at my worst moment...another spurt...another a leak my panties feel wet and there is a grey spot on my pants...just then the enemy comes around we both kill eachother..."draw" the ref assess the game." One more round"

I cry, I can't hold it anymore we start the match...I have a major spurt that dripped its way into my sneakers...but then we won...thank god...I quickly finish with all the trophy bull and what not then quickly rush to the bathroom...I find an open stall, I get in and pull my pants and panties down and sit down...just the the two girls on the enemy team come in...I try to pee but I can't...WHY I sit there for a Minuit looking weird until I stand up...pull my pants and panties up...and flush to not look weird.

Another large spurt...this time people notice...I run but it makes it worse...I leave a trail. I try to get in a secluded location but I can't hold it any longer. My bladder breaks and hot piss sprays right through my pants all over the floor in front of all most 500000 people...I break down and wail as my reputation sinks like the titanic.

