Pure madness

Author: Manowar

*000*2017-12-11 19:10

CHAPTER ONE

- Alice, repeat what I said? - the voice of the teacher wrenched from her thoughts a seventeen-year-old dark-haired and a hazel-eyed student.

Alice looked at the desk standing under the blackboard. However, her eyes were still "unconscious" and she was shifting in her chair. The teacher looked disapprovingly at one of her best students. Only because Alice had only the best grades, she did not let her come to the board. Meanwhile, Alice fought a weakness she had never felt in her life before.

Alice Dabrowsky, because that is what our heroine is called, she had one quirk. She hated school toilets. She just could not pee in the school. She went to the bathroom during "difficult days" and only when she had no other choice. She always left her physiological needs home. That day, however, she apparently exaggerated with drinks. During the long break she drank almost a liter of still water and now, during the last lesson, she felt as if all the fluid was going to come out of it. If it were not that she never went to the ladies to pee, she might ask the teacher for permission to leave, and now ... she had to wait for the bell, thankfully - the last one that day. It was an extraordinary circumstance because the class had two more Polish lessons in the plan, but the teacher had an accident the previous day and broke his leg. Before the replacements were organized, the management had to cancel all lessons with this professor.

"Phew, how happy. If I had to sit two more Poles, I would probably peed myself" thought Alice.

And it was these thoughts that caused her to drift away and expose herself to a geography teacher. Fortunately, she did not have to get up ...

Meanwhile, the lesson slowly - too slowly, she thought - was heading to the end. The girl had no intention of wasting time. As soon as the bell sounded, she intended to grab her things and leave the school. She had plans for the afternoon, and an additional hour and a half helped greatly in their implementation. All you had to do was go home, leave things and ... leave.

The Greeks said that to go a mile, first you have to go half a mile, and to do it, first you have to beat a quarter and so on. Alice has not listened to the lecture for a while yet only counted the minutes to the bell. And the longer she counted, the slower the time flowed, and her bladder filled more and more.

By the end of the lesson, it was still about 15 minutes, when Lena suddenly rose from the next bench - one of Alicia's closest friends. She approached the teacher and she nodded. Lena left the classroom.

"She went to pee," thought Alice, and squeezed her thighs. This has not been yet! She has to clench her legs so that we do not pee. She is not a little girl. Never since she remembered had she had wet pants. She remembered how many times in kindergarten and primary school she had seen, or heard someone pee in panties. Probably none of her friends could say the same thing to Alice. Until today...

Lena returned after 2 minutes. By the end of the lesson she was getting closer and closer, and Al felt that she would not last long. The bell is a few minutes, ok - that's all it can do, but then it will be half an hour to come home ... Even the iron bladder, as she thought about herself, cannot stand it. However, Alice did not do much of the signals sent to her by the body. She believed all the time that she would never, ever - ever pee in underpants.

The teacher finished lecturing the subject of the lesson and allowed the students to pack things. The bell was to be called in 3 minutes. Alice waited like a sprinter in blocks. Finally…

The rattle of the bell sounded like the most joyful melody. Alice - as she assumed - grabbed a bag of books and was one of the first at the door. She ran out into the corridor without looking back. She did not even hear that Anne - her best friend, with whom she shared the bench from the junior high - was calling for her to wait. After all, they were walking in the same direction, going home with the same tram and switching to the same bus. Finally, they lived in neighboring blocks. Alice did not wait for her friend this time. She ran like crazy to the tram stop just to see the red lights of the departing car in front of her.

"Fuck" - she cursed in her mind and at the same time she felt a contraction in the bottom of her stomach. She looked at the timetable display. The next tram was supposed to be in twenty minutes. Alice did not intend to stand that much. She walked to the side where she should go. About two kilometers later there was a bus stop from where you could catch a bus towards the house. Alice managed to forget for a time that she really wanted to pee.

It turned out that she had luck on that day (two canceled lessons) and misfortune. When it reached the bus stop - the bus was leaving it. Now Alice knew she had a problem. If she decided to go on foot, the road would have taken her for over half an hour. The next bus was supposed to be in 20 minutes, which meant that the house would be in ... half an hour.

"However you did not turn, ass is always behind" - she thought.

At that moment she realized how much she needed to pee. She started to shuffle from one foot to the other, cross her legs, lean forward, and crouched down. Nothing helped. The need grew and Alice knew now that she had to come up with something.

"I have only two options, and none of them is out of the question," she thought.

Indeed: she could go to McDonald's, which was a few dozen meters from the bus stop, or... let it go in trousers. The first solution involved going to the public toilet. Admittedly, Alice was not entirely sure if her aversion to this type of bathrooms concerns everyone to whom foreign strangers go, or only the ones at school, but when she wondered more deeply about it, she came to the conclusion that, however, in McD’s, he did not get any better either. So what? Go in fucking panties?

The answer came quickly. Alice’s next contraction was not as strong anymore and she suddenly felt herself getting hot. Although the traffic in the city was considerable, and the cars were making noise as usual, she had the impression that she could hear the noise of her own urine flowing into her panties, and then through the trousers on the pavement. It lasted a long time. Alice did not even try to stop the flood. She realized that it did not make sense. Panties and pants were already wet, her reputation in the event someone saw her - ruined, and if she fought with the inevitable, she would still need to pee ... She was one happy that she did not wait for Anne. In the meantime, the bus finally arrived.

Alice, as she calculated, after a half-hour trip she found herself at the door of the house. She put the key in the lock and, to her surprise, she understood that the door was open. It meant only one thing: mom is at home !!!

*002*2017-12-11 20:57

{{1 hour ago, Uniee said:

Mmmmmmm I like... wetting at bus stop is hot. Thanks ?

}}

Thank you. I guess my language is quite simply, as I am not an English native speaker. But I do my best in next chapters.

