Panicking Pam

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-04-26 23:34

Panicking Pam

Pam opened her fridge and knew right away that the boys had had breakfast already. She picked up the almost empty milk, thankful there was enough for a mug of tea at least. Sitting at the breakfast bar she could see Frank in the makeshift study (previously the laundry room before Covid 19), and in the distance she could see Martin on the laptop lounging in the front room. She could only assume Max was on his xbox in his bedroom as per usual. She had a quick skim through Facebook on her phone and then checked the news while she finished her tea then put on her anorak to take Patch for his walk.

Pam was so thankful to live near a park where Parch could wander at his own pace, sniffing and meandering freely as she walked the standard two mile walk he was so accustomed to. He was getting on in years now and this twice a day walk was more than sufficient but now more than ever Pam was glad she didn’t need to go far. Times were very different to normal and while she used to love seeing familiar people on her twice daily walk now she was glad the park was empty as everyone was living in fear of a deadly virus.

Back home Pam ran the kitchen tap until it ran cold then filled a glass with water and gulped it down. It was surprisingly warm for early April and the anorak had made her sweat. A brief check of the freezer and cupboards before opening the kitchen drawer and grabbing some bags, she popped her head into where Frank was to let him know she was off to brave the supermarket for their once a week shop. Frank kissed her on the cheek and she shouted up to Max and waved to Martin, showing him the bags as he had earphones in, before she headed out the door.

Pam didn’t drive, neither did her partner and neither of her boys were quite old enough for lessons, though both were desperate to learn when they could. Being reliant on buses during a pandemic wasn’t ideal but Pam knew they were still running even if the timetable was reduced. The streets were quiet and otherwise busy roads saw very little traffic and Pam let her mind wander as she waited the 25 minutes for the bus. No-one had joined her at the bus stop and she was just one of three passengers now on the bus.

Sitting on the warm bus taking the familiar twenty minute ride to the supermarket Pam felt a twinge between her legs, thought she simply ignored it as she gathered her bags and purse ready to disembark from the bus.

Pam hadn’t anticipated the scene that awaited her as she walked up the ramp into the supermarket car park. She hadn’t seen this many cars in the car park since the week before Christmas! She headed down the short path towards the main doors her eyes blinking in the sun as it suddenly sank in that the people she could see where actually queuing just to get in! The closer she got the longer the queue seemed as she followed the line of socially distanced strangers silently waiting to enter the store as the line stretched along the side of the store, down the side of the car park, turned round on its self and snaked back again! There must easily be over 100 people in front of her she realised. Noting they all had trolleys already she looked around for the nearest trolley bay and headed to get one. By the time she had a trolley and headed to the queue it had stretched even longer! She joined the end and waited patiently.

Ten minutes later she had barely moved as a store colleague headed along the line offering free bottles of water and an open tub of chocolates for those waiting. Pam was warm so readily took the water and decided a chocolate might help keep her energy up too. By the time she finally reached the edge of the store building she’d drank three quarters of her bottle and felt more frequent familiar urges the same as she had on the bus earlier. Pam checked her watch and realised she had been out the house almost an hour an a half already and still she wasn’t even inside the supermarket yet! Feeling another twinge she moved from one foot to the other as the queue edged slightly forward.

Now able to see inside the store through the long glass windows Pam could see people in masks and gloves working at the checkouts and she hoped it wouldn’t be much longer before they were serving her. She wouldn’t usually ever use the bathrooms in the supermarket, preferring to wait until she was back home, but given the long wait to get in and a potential long wait for a bus back home, combined with the fact she already needed to go, she reasoned she would visit the ladies quickly before doing her shopping.

That thought didn’t help her need to go and she found herself more and more distracted by her bladder as the queue seemed to slow down the closer she got to the entrance. There was now no doubt in her mind that she would definitely find the toilets as soon as she was in as her private areas tingled between her legs and she tapped her foot on the ground anxiously. In front of her a couple stood chatting to each other so much they hadn’t noticed the line move forward. Pam, normally shy and reserved but now very much in need of a toilet, found herself getting annoyed and when they still hadn’t moved 30 seconds later she couldn’t help but say something.

‘Excuse me. Could you move up please!’

It came across more bossy than she meant it but Pam was flustered and stressed, hot and in need of release.

The couple looked back briefly before tutting and moving forward. Pam could count how many were in front of her now but standing right in line of the sun was making her hot and bothered. Despite already really needing to use the ladies she finished the bottle of water she had been given and placed it in the bin as she moved forward a little more. Just five people in front of her now, thank goodness.

Another one in. Then another. Pam was getting anxious. She didn’t want to make it obvious to anyone that she was bursting but standing still wasn’t easy at all. She tapped her foot, curled her toes in her trainers and bit her lip. She couldn’t even remember when she joined the queue because all she could think about now was getting to the loo as soon as she could. Just three in front now. Finally.

As another few left the store the young man in front of the couple was nodded to go in but then Pam watched in horror as a member of staff came closer to the couple and whilst still remaining socially distanced to them the staff member was clearly telling them something they weren’t happy with. Pam silenced her thoughts to overhear.

‘Sorry. It’s one person one trolley. There’s signs all along where you were waiting. I can’t let you both in together I’m afraid.’

‘But we live together for goodness sake! We are married! We always shop together and we have waited almost an hour to get in! Surely you can make an exception? That’s a ridiculous rule! You just let a woman in a minute ago with a baby! You didn’t say the baby needed it’s own trolley did you! You can’t make one of us go to the back of the queue? The frozen food would be defrosted before they even go in the store! Come on!’

Pam moaned under her breath. She didn’t need this and she was sure the store assistant didn’t need it either! Whilst another two customers left out the other door Pam crossed her legs impatiently. Why did she need to be behind an argumentative couple now of all times when she just wanted into the store toilet before shopping! Pam could feel her heart beating faster now as she hated confrontation but mostly because her need to pee was getting stronger by the second. She pulled one leg behind her and bent a little forwards leaning into the trolley. A married woman in her forties should not be pee dancing outside a supermarket and Pam did all she could to disguise her need.

Finally Pam watched as the gentleman in front reluctantly walked away and Pam tried not to look too flustered and panicky as she waited to be told she could enter the store finally. She watched anxiously as another customer left, begging inwardly for the staff member to let her in so she could walk quickly to the ladies.

But she didn’t.

Pam looked at her annoyed and when yet another customer left she found herself getting more and more stressed. Her body was screaming for release and yet here she was at the mercy of a store colleague releasing her to be allowed in. Despite all her efforts to hide her need when another urge came strongly Pam couldn’t stop herself bouncing on her heels and crossing her legs. She had to say something. She had been waiting long enough now.

‘Excuse me. Am I allowed in yet! Sorry to ask it’s just...it’s just I have been waiting a long time and I emm...I have a bus to catch home. Thanks’

‘I’m really sorry. I am just waiting on the gentleman in front of you returning. Apparently he hadn’t realised the rules of one person one trolley so he’s just away to get a trolley then I will let him in and then you. Sorry for your wait madam.’

Pam desperately wanted to argue but the poor store colleague looked tired and stressed. So she tried to hold on just a little bit longer. However, when yet another customer wheeled their full trolley out and she could barely stand still for her need to pee she mustered up the courage to ask again.

‘Sorry to ask again, it’s just that I can’t see him coming back and...actually I really need to use the ladies. Would it be ok if I just headed in and he can come in after me?’

The colleague looked sympathetically at Pam, noticing the strain on her face and how her legs continually tapped. She nodded for her to head in and Pam pushed the trolley fast inside the double doors frantically looking for the toilets. She’d never used them so wasn’t familiar with where they were. It took a few fast paced minutes with her head racing and panic setting in more and more before she finally found them. Pushing the trolley through the first door Pam began dancing more as the thought of imminent release intensified her need to pee. She saw a sign on the gents and baby change but didn’t stop to read them but as she went to push open the ladies door and found it locked she quickly read the sign posted to that door too.

‘Due to the outbreak of Covid 19 and to protect our customers unfortunately these toilets are currently unavailable. We apologise for any inconvenience caused.’

Pam grabbed herself between the legs and moaned. She was absolutely bursting for the loo but with no other shops nearby open and no other toilets therefore available she stood there dancing on the spot with her hand between her legs in an absolute panic of what to do. Getting the bus home wasn’t an option as she needed food for her family and there was no way she would be able to wait for a bus anyway without peeing herself. She had no other option but to try and shop with an over full and desperate bladder.

Pam wanted to cry.

She pushed the trolley back out and into the fruit section quickly putting in bananas, apples, grapes, oranges and pears all whilst trying to stay decent. She walked to the vegetables and put in potatoes, carrots, onions, cauliflower, broccoli and leeks, all the while tapping her foot and biting her lip. She moved to the salad and bent over to put in a bag of mixed leaves, a cucumber, some tomatoes and celery when she felt warm dribbles leak into her knickers.

Standing upright Pam panicked. She urgently HAD to get to a toilet. NOW.

She looked around for a staff member seeing a pizza counter and raced over. Struggling to breathe she jiggled on the spot frantically as she tried to explain quietly that she urgently needed to find a bathroom. The staff member shrugged and apologised saying unfortunately the bathrooms were locked ‘due to Covid’.

Pam panicked as another dribble oozed out of her despite clamping her muscles shut as tightly as she could. Looking around for the quietest aisle she could she raced towards the make up, assuming it was quiet as no-one had anywhere to go currently. Checking no-one else was around she picked up a lipstick and pretended to look at it whilst bending forwards and grabbing herself.

Silently, embarrassingly, Pam stood there helpless with the lipstick tightly in her hand still as another long spurt shot out, running down the inside of her leg and pulling into her sock. This time another spurt followed and Pam couldn’t stop as pee continued to flow freely down her leg squelching in her socks and trainers as her bladder relaxed and pushed the content squashed inside it out finally.

Unable to do much else Pam casually placed the lipstick back on the shelf, pulled her trainer off and poured out the liquid amassed in it under the counter before putting it back on and pushing the trolley to the next aisle where she placed in some sanitary towels, shampoo and shower gel before continuing on with her full weeks grocery shop hoping that with everything else going on in the world right now that no-one would see that she had wet herself in desperation due to the restrictions of a worldwide epidemic.

Everyone would remember the pandemic, thought Pam, but for her it would forever remind her of the panic on finding the ladies locked and what happened as a result.

*002*2020-04-26 23:56

{{2 minutes ago, wannawatch said:

While I am aware that I really should feel sorry for this poor girl.. I'm nevertheless thinking about witnessing something like this, and how much I'd love it!

Great story!

}}

You could easily imagine being behind her in that very long queue...

