The customers come first

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-07-16 15:29

Almost running down the street Michelle was cursing her broken Alarm, checking her watch she was only a couple of minutes late this time. Although as she felt her phone buzz in her pocket once again and going off the texts she hadn’t opened from her boss, she probably wasn’t going to be a good mood today. Rounding the corner of the building she slowed to a brisk walk, not wanting it to be too obvious how late she was. Looking around she could only see one other person, a blonde girl who seemed to be nervously waiting at the bust stop. The city centre unusually quiet this morning, but the sounds of not so distant road works still made it feel like normal.

“You’re late” A shout rang out as Michelle pushed open the large mirrored doors.

“Sorry, there was some construction or something. The bus was stuck in traffic.” She mumbled slightly, knowing it wouldn’t probably help.

“No Excuses Michelle, team meeting in the staff room now!”

“Can I just….”

“No, everyone is waiting” Her boss said sternly.

Walking in Michelle could see she was the last one to arrive, the others already disrobed and standing around naked. It was still odd to witness even after 8 months of working at Al Demur’s. She hadn’t even known this place existed until her friend Sophie had told her about it. The adult only establishment that was clearly a Hooters clone, just with less clothing. The exclusively female staff came in all shapes, sizes and skin tones and was known for waiting on the customers in the nude, it could be a little demeaning at times but the pay was just too good to turn down.

“Hey Michelle” A voice greeted her.

Turning around Michelle could see Ellie struggling to fasten the small apron around her back. The thin and clearly too small to be functional design not hiding anything, but apparently it cleared the food hygiene regulations. In some ways she felt a little Jealous of the three of four girls that got to wear them, although from her understanding the pay wasn’t as good.

“What’s up with Sandra?” Michelle asked her friend, walking behind her to help tie the thin strip of fabric behind her back.

“Thanks. No idea, just know she called this emergency meeting this morning. Didn’t you get your text’s from her?” The shorter girl asking.

“I…uh, may have ignored them. I thought she was just going to be complaining about me being late again.” Michelle responded, finishing tying up the bow for her friend.

“Yeah well she probably was. you really should be more careful with that. You know how strict she can be, its just a good job you bring in a lot of tips.” Ellie said as Michelle started to strip out of her clothes for her shift. Her dark skin, long shinning hair and toned athletes’ body being revealed slowly. When she had gotten accepted into university she had never thought she would end up working somewhere like this, but at least her hard work on the track was paying for it in more than one way.

“Can I have your attention please girls” their boss Sandra shouted unnecessarily loudly for the small room they were in, the group of a dozen or so women turning to look at her.

“So I have some bad news, there is a burst water main on the High-street and while repairs are ongoing, we do not have any water since the whole area has been turned off.” A series of murmurs went through the crowd, how could they open without water to offer customers, or clean anything.

“Now, luckily I managed to get a large supply of water from the Wholesaler this morning which has just been delivered. So we have plenty to offer guests should they need it and for you guys as well. Also, as some of you will know the system for our washing stations run off its own water supply, it should contain enough to last the day but please take care not to waste any.” She said, her eyes scanning the group, staring intently at each of them.

“Unfortunately, this lack of water does affect our toilets and coffee machine, but I don’t think we should have a problem. We have instant coffee that we can serve by filling the hot water machine manually with bottled water.”

“What about the toilets, where do we go?” A voice asked nervously. Michelle recognised that voice as her friend Sophie, she didn’t know she was working this shift. Maybe she had switched with someone, something she might regret doing if the toilets were out. She was well known for being a frequent peer, the short black haired woman seemingly cursed with a small bladder. Normally it wouldn’t be too much of an issue, Michelle had many times covered for her tattooed friend as she dashed to the ladies room. But she had a feeling today wouldn’t be that easy.

“I was getting to that” Sandra said, a displeased look on her face from being interrupted. “Now im afraid, there are no facilities available to use here, and all the other businesses around us are also closed for the day. So you are just going to have to hold it.”

“For the whole day?” Sophie asked nervously.

“Yes. And on that note, the customers. Since we are an establishment that has a liquor licence we must legally offer our patrons the use of facilities or be shut down. As such, I also spent the morning acquiring these to help in that matter” Sandra said, holding up a number of clear plastic tubes.

“These are Catheters…”

“You can’t be serious” Michelle couldn’t help but blurt out at the absurdity of what her boss was suggesting.

“I am very much serious Michelle. You all know how much we have been struggling to draw in customers these days, this is the perfect chance to do just that. With all of the others establishments closed we are sure to pick up any stragglers and im sure once they experience our wonderful hospitality they will be back.”

“So, we aren’t able to pee ourselves and you want us to let the customers relieve themselves in us?” Another of the waitresses asked in a similarly shocked tone.

“Exactly” Sandra said, clearly not picking up on the disbelief of the previous statement.

“You can’t be serious” Sophie said, repeating Michelle’s earlier sentiment.

“Look, I know this is a little unusual. But I really think this will be good for us, and to that end and as a show of good faith I am offering triple overtime to you all.”

A number of the women exchanged glances with that last comment, that was a lot of money for one days work. Their already generous pay check becoming absurdly large with that bonus, they could be making what someone on a minimum wage made in a month, just by holding their pee for 10 hours. They could do that right, it wouldn’t be too bad? At that moment their worry an inhibitions about such a strange things were almost instantly overcome by thoughts of new cars or holidays.

“Well I’m in.” a voice interrupted their day dreams, it was Lola. The petite brunette picking up her notepad and seemingly getting ready for the day, unaffected by the odd bathroom measures. But it was no surprise to any of them that she would be the most comfortable with this, despite her tiny stature she never seemed to need to pee while guzzling down bottle after bottle of water. Michelle had found herself gagging for a bathroom break on only her second day of work, it was Lola that had covered for her at the time. Quickly refusing when she offered to repay the favour, even claiming that she only ever used the toilet at her home. A claim that Michelle had doubted at the time but she hadn’t been proven wrong yet, although she was sure today would test that.

“One last thing, if any of you dare to pee yourselves or someone at the table you are working does It’ll be coming out of your wages, and you can kiss the overtime goodbye too.” Sandra finished, obviously pleased as a couple of worried glasses were exchanged between the waitresses. But with the first person agreeing, it seemed the others felt more assured and quickly followed suit. All but Michelle and Sophie had now left to get back to work.

“Are you…are you going to do this too?” Sophie asked nervously.

“Yeah, I mean with my college fees this could really help.”

“Yeah, Im behind on my rent, I just…I don’t know if I will be able to last the full day without peeing.” Sophie said, blushing deeply. It was no secret she peed frequently, but it was still embarrassing to admit as much.

“Look, if it gets too much im sure we can find some way of helping. I mean we can all share it out between us right?.” Michelle responded, although she herself wasn’t too keen on the idea of holding her pee all day. She considered herself to have a pretty large bladder but she couldn’t imagine what it was going to be like later.

“Ok. Thanks Michelle.”

Walking back out into the main room she could see Sandra unlocking the main doors. The young blonde woman she noticed earlier still stood outside, looking towards to road as an older gentleman walking into the place past her.

“You alright Rob, you want the regular?” Michelle asked.

“Yes please darlin, two…”

“Two sugars, dash of milk and a slice of Apple pie with no cream” She finished his order, smiling at the familiarity.

Chuckling slightly he grabbed a stool at the counter, “Look, by the time you get to my age you know what you like”

“You ok with instant coffee, machine’s out today?”

“Oh yeah, its all the same to me. But if you need someone to come have a look at it, I can call my son and ask him to have a look?”

“Ah, no it’s the water main in the street. Machine is fine.” Michelle said smiling again, Rob was definitely her favourite customer. Never ogling her or the others or making comments, he just seemed to act as if it was a regular café, not one filled with beautiful naked women. She had asked him about it once, but he just made some joke about giving his heart a work out to make sure it keeps ticking.

“Here you go” Michelle said, sitting down the slightly larger than average slice of pie and the steaming cup of coffee.

Hearing the bell above the door ding she looked up to see the young blonde girl walking in, choosing a booth near the large windows facing the road. Looking around Michelle could see a number of other waitresses standing around nervously. Clearly the ultimatum of losing the overtime was making them nervous about accepting tables this early in the day. Sighing deeply she could see how today would go, but she grabbed her notebook and made her way over.

“Hi, can I get you anything?”

“Oh…um no im ok thanks”

“Sure thing, Im sorry to ask this but do you have any id? This place is 18+ only”

“Oh…uh yeah, here you go” she said, handing over a student id.

“Thank you, sorry about that”

“Its no prob..”

“Why hello there beautiful” Came a snide remark from another patron sliding into the booth opposite the young woman. “I love this place” he added, giving Michelle a once over with his eyes and raising them suggestively.

“Excuse me I think this booth is taken” She started, Michelle instantly recognising the customer. He had been in and almost banned a number of times, but he seemed to just think it was part of their game. Just the thought of him trying to schmooze or flirt with the young woman made her skin crawl. If she had any, she was sure the hairs on her arms would have stood up.

“No…its ok.” The blonde-haired woman responded to Michelle’s surprise. It seemed that somehow the two of them knew each other.

“You heard her, now get us a couple of beers would you love” He said, despite it being 9am.

“Sure thing” Creep, she added in her head walking away. Without looking Michelle knew the man would be staring at her ass, what she wouldn’t give to ram something preferably large up his smarmy backside.

Over the next couple of hours, it seemed Sandra had been right about the other closures being bad for business. The typical handful of patrons had turned into a couple of dozen, although thankfully very few stayed for long which was making the other waitresses more relaxed about the whole thing. Michelle had been keeping an eye on the table near the window, serving a number of beers to the pair as they sat talking. Whatever was happening the man clearly wasn’t happy about it, the blonde now sitting rigidly with her back up against the booth. Watching she saw him reach out and grab the woman’s hand that was resting on the table, only for her to pull it away and shift in her seat.

“Ok that’s it” she said to Lola, currently stood next to her and totalling a bill for one of her own tables.

Walking over quickly Michelle was tempted to just throw him out. Although she cursed the fact he hadn’t technically done anything against the rules, she was sure the place could do without his business today.

“Is this man bothering you?” She asked, interrupting the pair.

“Excuse me!” he shouted loudly, turning to look at Michelle and for the first time her face.

“I can make him leave if he is” She added, looking him dead in the eyes and wishing he would give her an excuse.

“No….its….he’s my dad” the young woman stammered.

Now it was making sense, although why anyone would let this guy near them was another thing she couldn’t help but wonder.

“Oh ok…im sorry, its just it looked like he wa….”

“What the actual fuck is happening over there?” The man shouted loudly, his gaze going past her.

Following his eyes a couple of booths over she was surprised to see Lola hooked up to a rather red faced and squirming woman. She was clearly needing to pee pretty badly, but after a moment the customers face became more relaxed as a clear liquid rushed through the plastic tubing connecting her to Lola. On the other side a slight look of discomfort was clear on Lola, a strange gaze frozen on her face for several seconds.

“What kind of freak show are you running here today?” The man at her booth shouted at her.

“I….The toilets are out of order for today due to a burst water main. So to comply with state regulations and stay open we still need to offer our patrons somewhere to…relieve themselves.”

“So that woman is pissing into your friend?” He said exasperated, his eyes now glued to the nake woman being filled a few booths over.

“To put it crudely, yes” Michelle responded, she was going to have to get better at explain this.

“Wait…” he said, a wicked smile across his face. “So you are telling me that if I want to relieve myself, I get the privilege of having one of you beauties handling my…” He stopped, nodding downwards to his genitals.

“Yes you do, but I feel I should remind you that sexual harassment is not tolerated here”

“Hey im happy with any harassment you might want to do…sexually” he interrupted.

“and also, you are currently talking to someone who would have the privilege of inserting something inside it” She continued, hoping to put him off. But juging by the look on his face that wasn’t happening.

“How do you know im not into that” He smiled.

“Pervert” She couldn’t help it, it had just come out that time.

“Excuse me im a customer, you cant talk to me like that!”

“Sorry, if you would like me to get one I can have a go, but I must say im a bit of a klutz” Michelle said now revelling in the look of realisation crossing the mans face. The clear picture of what she might accidentally do to him coming to mind.

“On second thought, I think I don’t need to go after all” He said, adjusting himself in his seat.

“Good choice” Michelle added, walking away. It wasn’t totally true, the way the catheters were set up she wouldn’t need to insert anything. But he didn’t need to know that.

“Excuse me can I get the bill please” A man asked as she walked back to the desk.

“Yes, no problem.” Michelle replied, cleaning her mind of the previous customer and trying not to take it out on the young man asking. Thankfully, this wasn’t her table so that would give her a couple more moments to compose herself.

“Hey Lacey, your table wants its bill.” She said to another member of staff, the slightly older but bustier woman nodding and heading in his direction.

“Is Ned still being a jackass?” Lola asked next to her, storing the Catheter behind the desk.

“Yeah, why do we let him in this place. He is such a creep” Michelle sighed.

“Like we get anything else” She joked.

“Hey, do you have the catheter thing Lola?” Lacey whispered having returned with the cash from the bill. “My guys have said they both need to go”.

“Yeah sure, here you go.” Lola said, grabbing the tubing she had only just put away. “You know how to use it?”

“Yeah, I had a girl ask earlier” Lacey replied, a faint wavier in her voice as she spoke before grabbing the tubing and going back to the two waiting men sat cross legged at the table.

“Want me to take them?” Lola asked, pointing her head to a couple walking through the door, the small bell dinging.

“Yeah sure, if you want too?”

“More tables means more tips” Lola winked, picking up a pair of lunch menus and going to greet the new arrivals.

“Excuse me” came another voice, looking up from the till it was the blonde haired woman from Neds table. He himself seemed to have disappeared out the door which was at least something to be thankful for.

“Hi, how can I help. Was everything ok with your table?”

“Yes it was thank you. i…I just wanted to apologise for him.”

“Oh no he is in here all the time and trust me, its not you that should be apologising for him.”

“Thank you, I still feel bad. I should have known this was a bad idea after he suggested this place” The woman responded.

“Suggested this place?” Michelle asked confused, her elbows now resting on the desk.

“Oh no sorry I didn’t mean anything by that. Its just you know, we haven’t seen each other in a few years and the first place he suggests to meet up is a place full of Naked women. I should have known he hadn’t changed.”

“Don’t worry I get it. We attract a lot of people like him here. Its fine honestly.” She finished, pausing for a moment as the blonde stood there awkwardly. “Is there anything else I can help with?”

“I….um, are the bathrooms still closed?” She asked nervously. Michelle noticing her tightly crossed legs for the first time, she was clearly desperate.

“Unfortunately, they are.”

“Oh ok” she said blushing.

“But, im sure you have seen the uh…service we are offering today? And despite what I said to your Fr…Dad, we don’t actually have to insert anything.”

“I…..is everywhere closed, maybe I can make it across the street?”

“Sorry, it’s the whole town centre by the sounds of things.”

“Ok, Im sorry but I think im going to have to go. I don’t really drink alcohol and its really making me need to pee. Plus I got up really early this morning and haven’t peed yet because I didn’t want to miss him.” She stammered out, apparently trying to rationalise or explain herself to Michelle and not make her think she was just taking advantage of her.

“Its fine honestly” Michelle said again, her voice soft and calm in an attempt to put the young woman at ease, even though she had now started to bounce on the spot. Apparently admitting her need to someone else was making it much more real and harder to hide. Reaching under the counter Michelle pulled out her connecter. She hadn’t used it yet, but after a few seconds she managed to attach it to herself and connected the longer tube for the patrons.

“How do we….?” The young girl asked, her jeans not offering any easy solutions without asking the woman to take them off in the middle of the busy building.

“Follow me” Michelle said, beckoning her over to the women’s room. An out of order sign displayed on it, but the door still opened and the pair entered into the secluded spot.

“Is this ok?” Michelle asked, turning around to see the girl hurriedly wrestling with her jean’s buttons, her face red and clearly far more desperate than she had let on out there. “I’ll take that as a yes.”

“Im sorry, I just really need to go”

“Its fine, here you go” she said handing over the other end of the pipe to the young woman.

Taking the strange funnel device, she rammed it quickly between her legs and almost instantly liquid began flowing out of her and through the tube. Looking down Michelle watched it race along the clear plastic and disappearing into her.

“Oh” Michelle exclaimed as her body suddenly tensed slightly, a strange warm feeling filling her lower body as the urine flowed between the two women. For more than 30 seconds it continued, with Michelle starting to feel her bladder and skin stretch, despite the customers small frame she sure could hold a lot in her bladder. A fact that was clearly written on her face which was far more relaxed. After another 20 seconds and couple of extra spurts the blonde ran dry.

“Im really sorry about that, but I just couldn’t hold it” She said, handing the other end back to Michelle.

“No…its ok”. The new liquid was sitting heavily in her bladder, the odd process of being filled through the catheter new to her mind and body. Suddenly the door opened, a pair of women bursting through it with a desperate look in their eyes.

“Oh…im so sorry” One of them stuttered, turning their head while the other covered their eyes. The relieved blonde’s jeans still around her ankles. “We saw you guys coming in here and thought the bathrooms were fixed.”

“Im sorry they are not.”

“I cant hold it Beth, the younger of the two said, her hands buried in her crotch as she started to dance on the spot.

“I know Lorry. Im sorry to ask this but can we…can we you know.” She said pointing at the tube currently still attached to Michelle.

“I mean I think we are only supposed to take the people at our tables. Do you know who your waitress was. I can try and find her.”

“She had purple hair and a nose piercing.

“That’s Melody, I’ll go and find her.”

“Im sorry, I don’t think I can wait that long” Lorry said, looking between her legs as a clear dark patch was spreading out from her crotch. The light brown material becoming much darker as she started to lose control. “Oh god, I stopped it. Please!” she begged. The patch around her crotch stopping about the size of an apple. Michelle knew the poor girl had no time to spare so against her best judgement she handed the other end of the funnel to the leaking woman. The dark patch of wetness slowly absorbing into the material of her trousers.

“Oh thank you, thank you thank you OOOHHHH” she groaned loudly, her body convulsing. In a flash her trousers were around her ankles and the device was between her legs. A think stream escaping before it was fully in position and a few drops spilling onto the floor. A rush of her almost perfectly clear pee shot through the tube at some speed and Michelle felt it enter her stretching bladder. The second and more sudden influx causing her muscles to spasm, Michelle’s bladder twitching as it filled far faster than it was use too. Pursing her lips she tried not to show any discomfort to the customers, their needs were her duty to look after. After 30 seconds she was relieved to see the flow starting to slow, finally coming to an end with her bladder feeling much heavier and fuller than before.

“Please Lorry, I need it too.” The other woman demanded, outstretching a hand to her friend, gratefully being given the end of the funnel still attached to Michelle.

“No i….please” Michelle started but was interrupted as she felt her bladder being forced open once again.

“Oooo” the woman squeaked again while ignoring Michelle’s pleading. “I was about to lose it too” She stammered, another heavy stream flowing down into Michelle’s bulging bladder. Closing her eyes Michelle did her best not to groan as the weight inside her seemed to increase instantly. The flow far slower than the last two, but now she was already so full it felt so much worse. A minute later Michelle was gritting her teeth, wondering if it would ever stop. Her bladder now protruding through her skin and easy to see on her toned and athletic body. A small pouch jutting out of her, now containing far more pee than she was use to holding. Eventually the flow stopped and the woman handed back the tube, evidently more relaxed. Pulling up their pants and opening the door the two of them turned to look at Michelle, who was in no place to follow them out at the moment.

“Are you ok? They asked

“yes, you go ahead.” Michelle responded, ignoring the confused glances as the walked out.

As soon as the door closed Michelle had to double over, grunting she held her inflated bladder with both hands. Her bladder now holding hers plus three other bursting women’s contents, its was too much too quickly. Air hissed out from between her teeth as she clenched every muscles in her body not to loose control. Cupping her bladder with her hands she could feel the tendons and muscles shifting inside her. The sudden intake of so much liquid sending shockwaves through her body. Breathing deeply she calmed herself and her muscles managed to adapt to the new conditions. Standing up straight Michelle paused for a moment, before pushing the door open and leaving the out of order toilets.

Spotting the curvy Purple haired waitress, a couple of booths over she made a b-line for her. “You owe me one” Michelle said exasperatedly after reaching her.

“What?” Melody replied, calmly pouring a large bottle of water into a jug. The sound and visuals making Michelle lose her train of thought for a moment.

“You owe me a table, I just took two of your clients for you?”

“You took my clients?” Melody asked confused.

“Yeah I took” Michelle said, indicating to her enlarged abdomen.

“Holy shit, that’s a lot of pee”

“Yeah I noticed.” She replied, a bead of sweat running down from her temple.

“But you could have come and got me.”

“She was literally wetting herself. You would have lost your pay.”

“Oh thanks, you’re a life saver. What about next table that comes in I’ll take for you?”

“What If they don’t pee?”

“Well I cant control that, but fine. I will take the next table, if they don’t pee I’ll take another one.”

“Ok thanks, that sounds fair.” Michelle agreed.

“Sure no problem. But if its just one person I don’t want any take backs.” Melody stipulated.

“I…fine, next customer to walk in is yours for me.”

“Shake on it?” Melody asked, offering her hand. The pair shaking hands just as the door opened. A smile appeared on Michelle’s face as in walked a group of six guys all wearing football shirts.

“Noooo” Melody said quietly, her hand suddenly limp in Michelle’s.

“Hey, maybe they wont pee.” She added, before Melody grabbed a set of Menu’s.

“I hate you, you know that” She said sticking her tongue out at Michelle before a smile appeared on Melody’s face as she turned to greet the new arrivals.

Soon the customers were coming in thick and fast, a sports game at the local stadium was bringing a lot people to the area. Thankfully the speed of the work and turnover of customers was a needed distraction for the waitresses, many of whom now sported visible bulges in the abdomens. While most of the customers were leaving before making use of the bathroom services they were offering, it still left a couple of dozen to be shared out between the girls.

“Mam, can I get the bill and use the tubes again please” A far too posh for this place woman asked. Her middle-aged knees knocking under the grey pencil skirt she was wearing.

“Sure thing” Michelle responded, walking to get the catheter device again.

“Isn’t that like 3 times she has gone into you?” Lacey asked, preemptively handing over the tube.

“Yeah she has had like 8 coffees in the last two hours.”

“That can’t be good for her”

“Its not good for me, ill tell you that much” Michelle added, putting a hand on her even more bloated bladder. Although, thankfully it seemed the coffee addict ironically had a small bladder that she could easily contain. But given that it was still 6 hours till they closed, Michelle was starting to worry about her chances of making it home dry. Hopefully the place would be a bit quieter after lunch.

Going back over the woman barely seemed to think about it before placing the device under herself and letting loose her bladders contents. Casually flicking over the next page of the newspaper she was reading, her legs apart and a stream flowing between her and Michelle who for her part was doing her best not to squirm as her full bladder was filled again. Seeing the tube run dry she made her way back to the desk slightly fuller than before.

Passing the front door it swung open, a young couple entering and peering around slightly. Sighing Michelle knew she should probably take them since she was already here.

“Hi, table for two?”

“Um yes….what is….” The young woman said, pointing at the catheter tubing Michelle had forgotten she was holding.

“Oh um…so with the bathrooms out of order we are offering a unique service of letting customers, well, relieve themselves into the wait staff.” The shocked expression now on their faces told her they were not a fan of that idea, the woman almost recoiling at the thought.

“I think we will try somewhere else” The man said, putting his arm around the woman and leading her out.

“You better not be loosing us customers Michelle.” A condescending tone came from behind her.

“No Sandra, just explaining our bathroom situation was enough to do that.”

“Well, maybe keep that to only the customers already in the place then.” She replied, a disapproving look on her face.

“Sandra, im sorry” came an exacerbated groan from behind them both. Turning they could see Sophie almost doubled over, a slight bulge in her abdomen and crossed legs a sure sign of what she was about to say.

“I cant hold it, Please, you have to let me pee.”

“Sophie, there is nowhere to pee like I told you 30 minutes ago. You just have to hold it.”

“Please” Sophie begged again, a tear rolling down her cheek. “We can only hold so much, we’re desperate here.” She said gesturing around the room. It was true, looking around them all their colleagues were all in various stages of desperation. Some were standing cross legged as they took orders, others boobed on the spot pouring drinks or even had a hand between their legs to keep themselves in control. Only Lola seemed to be comfortable. Despite a having possibly the largest bladder bulge she was acting as if everything was fine, a true workhorse.

“Look, there is nowhere to go. I cant just let you all run out of here to find somewhere.”

“Please, what about if I take my lunch break now. I can make it home and back, I wont be late I swear.” Sophie pleaded.

“Well….” Their boss thought for a second, the sentiment clearly making sense to her. After all, what they did on their break was up to them as long as they were back in time.

“Look, I cant let you go right now. We are in the middle of the lunch rush.” A small whimper escaped Sophie as her body shook from desperation.

“But, I’ll see what I can do once it gets a bit quieter in here”

“But…I don’t know how much longer I can hold this…im about to lose it.”

“You better not loose it!” Sandra snapped, “Or you know what else you will be losing!”

“I’ll try” Sophie said, walking hunched over back to the main desk.

“That goes for you too” Sandra said, turning to point at Michelle before walking back towards the back office.

“You know what I said earlier, I mean it now” Melody said from behind her, an arm coming past and grabbing the tubing Michelle was still holding. “Maybe they wont pee” She added mockingly.

“What?” Michelle asked, confused.

“We swapped tables remember. Four of the guys I took for you say they need to pee.”

“Really! Are you going to be ok with that?” Michelle asked, genuinely concerned and feeling a little guilty about the position she had put her friend in.

“Yeah, but if you want to take one of them then we can call it even at 3 each?”

“Sure, but we are going to need to grab another tube.”

“Why don’t you go over with this one, and I’ll get another one.” Melody suggested, handing back the tube.

Walking up to the table she could already tell that one of them was far more desperate than the others. A hand currently deep in his pocket and probably holding it all in.

“Hi, you guys need the bathroom?”

“Yeah” The clearly desperate guy added, his other hand gripping the table as he rocked slightly in his seat. “Sorry, I didn’t realise everything was out around here” He added, unzipping his fly and taking the end of Michelle’s tube from her. The others looking on slightly enviously.

Unlike the other times, no liquid flowed down the tubing. Looking up his face was bright red, he was clearly embarrassed or suffering from stage fright. His full bladder locked up despite his need and now permission to pee.

“Im sorry, just give me a moment” he stammered, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath.

“Sorry about that, you guys need to go too?” Melody asked, returning with a new catheter and a number of attachments for the single tube. Handing them out the each began to undo their trousers and place the devices between their legs like their friend. However, unlike their red faced friend streams quickly flowed along the tube and towards melody. The three streams converging in the slightly wider central tube and flowing into her friend.

“Oh god” Melody whimpered slightly, the force and volume of the three-person pee taking her by surprise. After a few seconds she was clearly beginning to worry, a hand going down and resting on her bladder as she began to breath slightly more heavily. Looking at her Michelle could see the impact of taking 3 at a time taking its toll on the purple haired woman, her abdomen expanding before her eyes as her bladder and skin was forced to stretch out quickly.

Apparently after seeing his friends pee, the embarrassed customer still connected to her got himself under control and relaxed enough to start his pee. The sudden warmth and tightness in her abdomen surprising Michelle for a moment and distracting her from Melody’s struggles. Despite the mans desperate appearance his stream soon died down after just 15 seconds, his pee still felling heavy in her abdomen but was nothing compared to how much she had already in there.

Looking over at Melody again, her colleagues face was distorted by her rising discomfort. A slight sheen of sweat gathering on her face as her abdomen continued to bloat out massively, the other three guys still peeing into the growing woman. Melody now had a look of pure concentration on her face, biting her lips to keep the cries of discomfort in and not worry the customers. “OOooh” She gasped, her stretching bladder causing ripples of pain to shoot through her body. The bulge in her abdomen increasing for another 10 seconds until finally the three guys stopped peeing into her. A few drips of sweat rolling down her naked body as she stood rigidly trying not to empty herself out on the ground. “Christ” she whimpered, her whole body shaking for a moment.

“Ohh my god!” A loud voice shouted, followed by an equally loud splattering noise that could be heard over the quiet conversations of the customers. The loud exclamation drawing the attention of the staff and customers alike. But it wasn’t the purple haired waitress emptying herself, it was the new girl Chloe. A few tables over the towering six-foot red head was clutching a catheter in one hand while her clearly distended bladder emptied itself onto the hard flooring. Her other hand pressed deeply between her legs as her pee raced between her fingers, flowing down her long slender legs and falling noisily onto the floor. The four women at her table recoiling back from the large puddle that was making its way towards them, droplets splashing up and against the red leather booth they were sat in. Even from where Michelle was she could see Chloe’s large bladder deflating as the puddle under her grew, the girl rooted to the spot with her eyes closed and cheeks burning.

“What is going on here?” Came a loud shout, Sandra storming out of her office and into the main room. Swiftly walking up to Chloe as she pee’d and snatching the catheter from her while looking disapprovingly at the puddle spreading across her floor. “Well, looks like someone wont be getting paid today” she said, brandishing the catheter at the young woman. “You can stop at any time by the way” she added, scowling as Chloe continued to lose the battle with her bladder.

“Im sorry….I cant” Chloe sobbed, tears streaming down her face.

“You know what, your no good for me today. Just clean your mess up and go home.” Sandra said, walking back to her office and leaving the red headed woman sobbing as pee still streamed down her legs.

“You have to help me” came a quiet whimper from beside Michelle, startling her slightly having been entirely wrapped up in Chloe’s accident. To her left was a clearly desperate Sophie, both hands jammed between her restless legs that moved constantly while she stood there.

“Are you ok?” Michelle asked.

“No….im, im about to piss myself like Chloe. I just cant hold it anymore!” She cried quietly, twisting her legs to press them tighter together.

“I… I mean what do you want me to do?” Michelle responded, with the toilets out she didn’t have any ideas.

“I don’t know” Sophie sobbed. “I was about to ask to go on lunch break again but I don’t think Sandra is in the best moods right now after well….” Sophie said, gesturing to Chloe who had just about stopped peeing at this point. A pair of small trails still making their way down her glistening legs.

“Look maybe I can take some of your customers but….” How would she phrase this. “Im not sure that will help, can you make it another hour?”

“An hour!” Sophie added, grimacing slightly as her body pulsed in desperation.

“No….” she added meekly. “Wait, maybe Lola could help?” Sophie said, a little bit of life returning to her face.

“What do you mean?” Michelle asked, confused by how anyone could help her hold it.

“C’mon she is never desperate. Im sure she could handle a little bit of mine too”

“I don’t know, she has had just as many customers if not more than us today.”

“Im about to wet myself, please can you just go and ask. If she says no then I’ll try and hold but Im really struggling here.”

“You want me to ask!?”

“I, yeah. Look the less moving I do the better, unless you want another puddle?”

“I’ll go find her.” Michelle rushed, realising just how close her friend was to loosing it all.

Luckily she wasn’t hard to find, the tiny woman currently standing behind the desk. Approaching Michelle already knew what answer she was going to get, the giant bulge in her friends’ abdomen a clear sign she must be desperate. She felt sorry for Sophie, maybe Lola would have another idea to help.

“Hey Lola.”

“Need a catheter?” Lola asked back, holding up another tube and handing it to her as if it had become the most normal thing for them to do.

“Maybe, Sophie is really struggling and I hate to ask but she was wondering if you would be able to help her? But don’t feel like you have too, I know that we all are….”

“Yeah sure, no problem” Lola replied casually.

“If you are sure?”

“Yeah im doing fine, although we cant leave the desk unattended so she will have to come over here if she wants to do it. Everyone else is busy with a table.” The building was still full, with many of the lunch crowd having stayed longer than those in the morning. Around them the other waitresses were either taking orders or many of them were currently connected to relieved looking patrons. The bulges of their bladders becoming more prominent as they day wore on and more customers required their help.

“Ok great.” Michelle finished, waving over a slow-moving Sophie.

“Thank you so much Lola” Sophie stammered out as she got behind the desk, the two of them connecting their catheters to each other.

“I just need to take the edge of, then I can wait till our break” Sophie said as her pee began to flow into the tube. The tenseness in her face disappearing as her body relaxed.

“You may as well empty yourself out. Gives you more room for customers instead of having to do this again.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah, Im fine.” Lola said confidently, a smile on her face as if she wasn’t feeling anything at all despite the large bulge.

“How are you fine” Sophie replied, far more relaxed as the pee left her straining bladder.

“Ive had practice” Lola replied, seemingly unaffected by the new intake.

“You have had practice of people peeing into you?” Michelle asked, raising an eyebrow.

“Well no” Lola laughed. “But my parents were both big germaphobes, so I was only ever allowed to pee in our house. I kind of got use to it, plus its kind of a weird sense of achievement when you managed to hold longer than before.”

“So you were brought up by Germaphobes and now you work at a restaurant, Naked?” Michelle joked.

“Yeah, never really thought about it before. Do you think there is a connection?”

“Well, given your parents attitudes towards piercings and tattoos I would say there is a strong chance its related” Sophie joked, indicating to the number of large tattoos covering her friends body.

”Like you can say anything” Lola shot back at Sophie. The blonde herself covered in large tattoos that she had thought would have stopped her getting this job to begin with. But it seemed that a lot of the customers were into the Punk look, the giant wonder woman logo tattooed on her chest getting a lot of attention from them.

“You may have something there” Sophie smiled, her pee finally stopping as she ran dry. Despite the amount of it inside her, she had been surprised by how quick that had gone through her. Although given the pressure she was feeling in her bladder beforehand, it must have come out at some speed. Not that Lola seemed to notice.

“What do you three think you are doing?” Came an annoyed voice. “I was just about to come and tell you Sophie that I was going to let you go on break but I guess you have already seen to that.”

“Im sorry, I couldn’t hold it and didn’t want to make a mess.”

“Well, your bladders were supposed to be for the customers, the customers come first after all. Lola and Sophie you should have been able to control yourself.” She said, crossing her arms. “So I guess that means the three of you don’t need a break then, I may as well let some of the others go on break.”

“But I didn’t….” Michelle started.

“You were already late today, so don’t bother.” Sandra interrupted. Michelle wanted to respond, but decided to bite her tongue or risk making things much worse for herself. She could already feel her muscles starting to ache inside her, the volume of liquid inside her bladder starting to test her limits. With half a day to go she didn’t need or want to take any risks. “Now go get the other girls.”
