When everyone she met had to pee

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2022-04-27 12:58

When everyone she met had to pee

As Sadie poured herself her first morning mug of tea Gypsy looked up at her with her big brown eyes and her tail wagging eagerly.

“I’ll take you out as soon as I’m finished this ok?”

The tea finished and her shoes and coat on Sadie clipped Gypsy’s lead on and headed out towards the open parkland near her home. Taking her usual morning route Gypsy pulled seeing her doggy boyfriend Patch.

“Morning Mr. Green. Nice weather for it this morning.”

“Mmm. Morning Sadie and Gypsy. Come on Patch I’m in a hurry this morning! Sorry I’m in a bit of a position this morning unfortunately and I really need to get back home rather urgently.”

As Mr. Green pulled Patch reluctantly away from a confused Gypsy and Sadie Sadie couldn’t help noticing Mr. Green standing awkwardly with a hand in his trouser pocket while his older dog once again cocked his leg against a tree. As Gypsy suddenly pulled her Sadie jumped but followed diligently after her dog her eyes still fixed on Mr. Green.

“Sorry about that. I don’t think Gypsy wanted her friend to go without saying a proper hello this morning. I hope everything is ok.”

“It will be as long as Patch here walks a bit quicker.”

Sadie didn’t know a huge amount about Mr. Green though she did know he didn’t work Mondays so maybe his emergency must be something family related. Whatever it was he was anxious and flustered and acting way out of character. Patch casually sniffed at some grass as Gypsy approached him with her tail wagging.

“Patch come on will you! I really really need to get back.”

Sadie couldn’t help noticing that Mr. Green was now moving his legs constantly, his face blushing with embarrassment and his hand still stubbornly wedged in his pocket despite it looking quite unnatural. Actually he reminded her of her little nephew who hated interrupting play time for a potty trip, not that she’d ever say anything like that to Mr. Green!

“Patch! Patch! I’m afraid you’ll have to excuse me Sadie but I really must get back home pronto. Patch, come on!”

With both dogs still on lead while their owners conversed neither Mr. Green nor Sadie had noticed that somehow their leads had become entwined and tangled together preventing either dog coming to their owner.

“Oh! Wait a minute and I’ll untangle them both. What a mess they’ve got into.”

“Thanks”

As Sadie unclipped Gypsy’s lead from her collar to untangle it from Patch’s she couldn’t help but notice Mr. Green tapping his leg on the path and sighing.

“You couldn’t hold Gypsy a moment could you please? It’s going to take both my hands to untangle them. Thanks.”

As Mr. Green stepped closer to the dogs and Sadie and bent down to hold the female dog by her collar Sadie overheard him moaning and muttering under his breath.

“If I end up pissing my pants it’s your fault Patch!”

So she was right! The man she met most mornings on her routine dog walk was hunched down right beside her bursting for a pee! Sadie turned away from him pretending she hadn’t heard his muttering as she quickly untangled the leads. Bending down to hook the lead back onto her own dog she looked Mr. Green right in the eye.

“I hope you don’t get delayed any more Mr. Green. See you tomorrow.”

Mr. Green stood up grabbing Patch’s lead and walked very quickly away with his hand back in his pocket. Sadie watched him go smiling. Patch was rather an old man and he didn’t exactly do ‘quickly’. Tomorrow, when she hopefully met Mr. Green again, he might be less flustered, though Sadie secretly hoped not. She had to admit seeing him clearly needing the loo had been a brilliant start to her day for sure!

*002*2022-04-28 22:02

{{On 4/27/2022 at 5:14 PM, byronrickards said:

Great story so far! I like the scenario being a reversal of the usual plot where the protagonist has to pee, but is constantly interrupted.

}}

Thanks. Was hoping to get the next chapter up sooner but an eye infection meant I haven’t been able to see enough to write. My vision is only starting to clear now. I’ll be up soon though!

*004*2022-04-29 23:22

Back home Sadie put the kettle on and filled Gypsy’s bowl with fresh water as she popped some bread into the toaster. Gypsy looked up expectantly as Sadie looked out a dog treat to give her. It wasn’t even 8:15 and already Sadie could feel her body twitching and warming especially as she thought about Mr. Green wondering if he made it home in time. He was such a lovely gent, not that much older than her she reckoned, and ruggedly handsome in his own unique way. Thinking back to her brief morning with him she couldn’t help imagining what his hand was doing in his pocket or how he must have felt really needing the bathroom out walking his dog. Had he had to go before leaving home or had it been a sudden need that had caught him unaware? Sadie buttered her toast and drank her tea at her breakfast bar as Gypsy settled in her bed.

Not 15 minutes later and she was sat in her small office room answering emails. The last few weeks she’d been exceptionally busy researching and contacting various people in relation to her job as location researcher for a production company. The current project of a fly on the wall school documentary had initially involved schools from all over the county applying before her and her team whittled it down to a few finalists. Today was about visiting one of those to discuss a few things further with the Head teacher before visiting the other schools and then meeting with the production team to decide the final school.

Gathering some paperwork together and finishing one final call Sadie closed her laptop, had a drink of water and a trip to the loo then set off. It was 12:30 before she finally arrived at Queen Victoria Academy, a large city high school with over 1,500 pupils. Sadie’s first impression was positive seeing the tradition buildings, smart blazers and clear signage. Heading to the main office she brushed down her fitted dress, ran her fingers through her hair and buzzed for entry.

As the door unlocked Sadie walked into the compact waiting area with the glass fronted office realising quickly that the office had a number of staff all busy working on computers or on the phone but that not one of them appeared to notice she was there. Wondering what to do she looked around as a tall well dressed man with a neatly trimmed beard and moustache opened some double doors and shot his hand out to introduce himself. So this was what Mr. Wheeler looked like, the man who she had been emailing back and forth for the last two weeks!

She was shown into a formal office and immediately took interest in the many certificates and awards decorating the office. Mr Wheeler obviously wanted to project an air of authority and knowledge that Sadie knew immediately would catch viewers interest. Strangely though he seemed rather flustered, awkward and almost uncomfortable sitting opposite her as he glanced at the clock as if wanting her to leave already. Not put off Sadie introduced herself and went over some background information that’s she’d already shared extensively by email.

“So, huge congratulations on reaching this stage and thank you for allowing me to visit today. As discussed via email I have a number of things to consider on this visit which will subsequently be taken forward to our next department meeting and I will of course let you know the outcome in due course. I have been going through your application in great detail and before we proceed further I wondered if you’d like to tell me more about your personal leadership qualities, your background, and any achievements you have gained. I can see you have a lot here to be proud of that viewers would really gain from seeing.”

At this Mr. Wheeler seemed to relax as he stood up from his chair and moved across to the first certificate on the wall and started talking very animatedly about the schools innovative approach to behaviour and the recognition from various education bodies. Sadie took notes while carefully watching Mr Wheeler's body language thinking how he might come across on camera. While his words were clear, professional and enthusiastic his body didn’t match as he came across physically as edgy, fidgety and anxious. Sadie noted everything as the Head worked his way around the room systematically as his legs seemed to get tenser and he didn’t seem to know what to do with his hands, almost like he really wanted to hold something but knew he couldn’t. It was quite a mismatch between his clothing and aura and the way he was behaving which really intrigued Sadie and caught her attention. Did he have something to hide? Was this all an act just to get the school publicity?

Sadie felt she’d had enough of Mr. Wheeler’s increasing ego and gently encouraged the man to perhaps show her around so she could see the fruit of all his labour. As she watched him quickly return to his large desk to pick up some papers she saw for the first time two large empty coffee mugs and smiled to herself. While certainly not on her list the sound manager had often jested that having a school with good coffee ought to be one of the biggest criteria for filming there! It was evident she would be pleased at a coffee loving head teacher here!

As they left the office to head down a short corridor Mr. Wheeler seemed to be looking around as if watching for someone.

“Is everything ok?”

“Yes. Yes. I was just looking for my colleague Mrs Hodge, the assisted head. She was keen to meet with you and I was wondering if she would have wanted to do the tour for you.”

“I’m sure she could tag along but I really do need to get some more information from you Mr Wheeler so I would prefer if you stayed with me please. It’s yourself I have been dealing with up until this point and continuity is really important to us. If now isn’t convenient of course I could try and arrange to come again but we’re working to a tight schedule on this and my time is very much in demand.”

“Right. Right, of course. So where would you like to see first?”

“Well as I explained we would require to set up concealed cameras in public places like corridors, main congregating areas, on outside walls, in classrooms and in the dining hall. The more variety of places we can film really the better. I’d also need to ensure you have an interview room where we can film children talking about various matters so if you have rooms not in current use that I could see that would be perfect.”

“So a full tour of the school really?”

“That would be ideal. Yes.”

Sadie was guided by the Head through a busy loud open area full of identical pupils in shirts, toes and blazers then outside and across a yard into a smaller older building clearly signed as the music and PE departments. As Sadie paused and noted various things like lightening, corridors, accesses and so forth she noticed Mr. Wheeler appeared increasingly restless as he looked at his watch numerous times. She also caught him glancing in the direction of another corridor so she suggested they went there next. This area really interested Sadie as it held great potential for filming as it clearly lead to an auditorium as Sadie asked question after question about assemblies, school shows, sound, lighting and so forth and Mr. Wheeler delighted in sharing about end of year talent contests and weekly year group assemblies.

As he lead the way backstage to the large stage area Sadie looked at the tiered seating trying to figure out how filming might work with lights and angles and speakers. As she noted and took pictures full of ideas and potential she could hear the sound of formal shoes tapping on the stage and turned catching the Head teacher tapping his foot as if indicating he’d had enough. Feeling she was wasting her time Sadie sighed and turned to look Mr. Wheeler in the eye.

“Look I am sorry for wasting your time. It is clear you have obviously changed your mind and either you don’t have time for me or you no longer want Queen Victoria Academy featured in The reality of High school today programme. That’s such a shame too as I was so excited to meet you and from what I have seen so far this could easily have been one of our most exciting schools featured which I am sure would have secured a great deal of interest and extra funding for you.”

“I do apologise Miss Wigan. It’s absolutely not that I don’t have time for you nor indeed that I do not want this incredible establishment to be filmed. In fact my staff here are all incredibly excited and dedicated and at this mornings early management meeting your visit created quite a buzz and real engagement. I was just wondering if you would perhaps like a break for a bit though, maybe a cup of coffee back in my office before we proceed further? Or maybe a…comfort break? I must say I haven’t actually managed any sort of break myself today yet and I could always go some more coffee if you’d like some?”

Sadie smiled. The sound producer might have given her right arm for coffee but right now Sadie was much more interested in getting the tour finished so she could start the long drive home and get back for Gypsy.

“Actually Mr. Wheeler, if it’s ok with you I’d much rather complete the tour and get away if you don’t mind? I don’t want to take any more of your time than necessary and it’s very likely I will have to return again if the team need more information on anything I have seen today. I do love this auditorium you know. That end of year show would be a great ending to a series I think.”

Mr. Wheeler smiled and lead the way to the music department and PE halls and out onto the large playing field which was now empty with classes having resumed after lunch break. Returning back into one of the inside halls the Head seemed very excited to see a young man wearing a tracksuit and with a lanyard around his neck.

“Ah Mr. Owen! Just the man! This is Miss Wigan from that production company I was telling you about. I’m sure she would love to hear about our netball teams and football teams and your plans to start a running club.”

As Sadie looked around the hall taking more notes and photos she couldn’t help but hear the Head whispering to the PE teacher.

“Are the changing rooms open do you know?”

“Emm. Not to my knowledge James. 3B are in the gym so they should be locked for security.”

“Right. Of course. And that’s the only way to the emmm toilets here?”

“Yes. I can go get the key if you’d like though?”

Sadie could hear the Head pausing. Was that why he’d seemed flustered at times, antsy and impatient? Was that why he’d suggested a break a few minutes ago?”

“No. No. It’s fine. So, Miss Wigan are you ready to move on?”

Sadie nodded and followed the quick walking man out of the annex and across towards another smaller building signed as the art department. They toured there with the Head appearing increasingly anxious and keen to move on while Sadie took her time noting everything and taking more photos. Sadie struggled to keep up as he finally lead her back towards the main entrance of the main building as he used his lanyard ID to open the doors, pausing in the office.

“I just need to get something from my office Miss Wigan. Would you mind waiting here a moment?”

Sadie couldn’t help staring at the agitated sweating man with his tense crossed legs and awkward stance. It was as clear as day that he really needed a bathroom now as Sadie realised she too would benefit from a freshen up especially before the long drive home.

“Actually Mr. Wheeler, I was wondering if you’d mind showing me to the ladies? I have rather a long journey back and we still haven’t seen the core subjects of maths or English or any of your language classes or science or humanities or social studies. Would it be better to do those first? I can wait until we’re finished?”

“Emmm? There is something I actually need to deal with rather urgently. How about I show you to the ladies then I’ll finish the tour?”

He opened the double doors looking more flustered than ever and muttering under his breath. “You got this James!” Now walking so fast Sadie had to rush to keep up with him he paused outside a door saying staff only. Pushing it open quickly he rushed inside almost slamming the door on Sadie!

“So sorry! You’ll need to excuse me a moment. I have a very urgent matter that needs attending to. You’ll find the ladies just in there.”

Sadie watched amazed as the smartly dressed professional man in front of her moved a hand briefly towards his trousers fly as he dashed urgently into the staff toilets. Sadie waited briefly as she shook her head in disbelief. Had Mr. Wheeler been bursting for the entire hour he’d been with her? All the signs were obvious now . He must have been so desperate it was no wonder he’d seemed impatient and anxious.

As she headed to the ladies next door she smiled and replayed her day so far. First Mr. Green this morning walking his dog and now Mr. Wheeler. Coincidence? Or was there something about today that was causing everyone she met to be really needing the loo? That last thought actually made her feel warm and a little giddy and secretly rather turned on too

*005*2022-05-02 15:01

The remainder of the school tour was more rushed and uneventful and by mid afternoon Sadie was driving away from the school and heading for a nearby hotel. As part of her research she needed to know that the crew had somewhere to stay for the duration of filming with many working long hours far from home. While general prices for rooms could easily be sourced online Sadie found visiting in person often secured a greater discount especially when enquiring regarding a bulk booking. Pulling into the large car park Sadie parked up and checked her phone for any vital missed calls, texts or emails before rechecking and counting the crew numbers provisionally set aside for the project. Of course Queen Victoria Academy may not be the successful school chosen for filming but Sadie still needed to know prices as part of the package she would ultimately present to the next team meeting.

Touching up her lipstick in the vanity mirror of the sun visor Sadie smiled at her reflection thinking of how her day had been so far. It had been rather interesting and pleasant to have seen two males display unusual behaviour in her presence both obviously struggling with full bladders and both feeling embarrassed and awkward about it. She wriggled a little in the seat thinking of them both as her body responded in a way that made her blush. Deciding it might be best to head into the hotel she stepped out the car, locked it and headed to the reception.

Surprisingly for a late Monday afternoon the main reception was very busy with a queue to the front desk and arrows with a company logo on them fixed in various places. Sadie recognised the logo from a fleet of vehicles in the car park as it suddenly occurred to her that the hotel must be getting used as some sort of conference or similar event. Standing behind a suited male with a briefcase in the queue her mind once again flitted back to Mr Green with his dog and Mr Wheeler at the school earlier. Was it coincidence that they both ended up bursting?

In her half day dream state Sadie noticed from behind that the man stood in front of her even now seemed to be weirdly bouncing a little on his heels and tapping his thigh impatiently. He appeared, even from behind, to be in a hurry and keen to be moving as his eyes moved to various areas of the reception as if looking for someone or something. Sadie chuckled to herself in her mind amusing herself on her wait by secretly thinking that she had some sort of crazy ability to make everyone she met today really need to urinate. Was it really just all in her imagination?

By the time the person in front of her finally reached the reception desk Sadie had watching him bounce subtly on his heels, move one foot back and forth anxiously and rub and tap his thigh almost like it hurt. Maybe he was late for something? Or tired? Or just keen to get privacy in his room? Yet the thought he might, like everyone else so far that she’d met that day, be anxious to find a bathroom made her smile widely. Trying to look away and not stare she couldn’t help but overhear as the confident male voice asked firstly about his booking then a little quieter,

“And could you tell me where the nearest toilets are please?”

Sadie blushed and felt her body warm and tingle in places she felt more than a little embarrassed about as she couldn’t help but watch the suited man with great interest. It was hard to hide her disappointment when he finally marched briskly away towards the lifts and presumably the bathrooms. As Sadie stepped forwards to the desk she noticed the young girl behind the counter gaze after the man too. As she turned to see Sadie she smiled professionally and seemed to immediately return to the task she was paid to do. Sadie explained her reason for her visit as the young girl typed into her computer and asked her to repeat numbers, dates and duration of stay for a second time as if she hadn’t heard the first time. Sadie patiently repeated the information again, surprised at the girl’s apparent short attention span. She seemed flustered and forgetful and uncomfortable especially when Sadie asked about any discounts or reductions that might be available.

The girl looked around as if searching for help from a colleague. Noticing an older woman in uniform helping a group in the foyer the girl called her over but didn’t get a reply.

“Excuse me madam. I just need some help from my manager with this.”

Sadie watched patiently as the desk girl came out from behind the desk and walked quickly up to the older woman. As she saw them both walk back to the desk together she smiled politely. She hated being a nuisance to anyone especially as the booking was not guaranteed but she had so much invested in this project and she needed all the information to take to the team meeting. The older lady typed something into the computer looking more than a little stressed.

“Sorry about this madam. We are exceptionally busy today and a little short staffed. So what can I do for you today?”

Sadie repeated the dates, numbers and amount of people as she’d done twice already to the younger girl remaining professional and smiley.

“It’s a production team. We are looking to film locally for at least a month in September. It’s obvious better for us if the crew are together but this depends very much on wether I can secure a cost effective booking hence my visit today.”

The younger girl seemed increasingly tense as she remained silent letting her boss take over. Sadie was well aware of a queue firming behind her but still she jumped at the abruptness of the older woman shouting to the younger one.

“Don’t just stand there Clare! Sign onto the other computer and serve the next customer please! We can’t keep customers waiting like this.”

Sadie watched as the young girl quickly stepped over to the other computer as she quietly called the person behind Sadie forward to deal with their query. Meanwhile the older woman looked up at Sadie with a tense smile.

“Would you be looking to have all the rooms on the same level?”

“That would be amazing if possible please.”

“Right. And you understand you would need to pay a deposit to secure these don’t you?”

“Of course. Though I am looking for a quote only today. I will be able to confirm any booking by this time next week. How long would the price be valid from?”

“We usually guarantee 7 days but with a booking this size I can’t guarantee all these rooms would be available still.”

“I appreciate that.”

The younger girl then walked back over interrupting her boss looking embarrassed.

“I’m really sorry but I’m stuck again. This gentleman is saying he’s booked a room tonight but I can’t find him on the list anywhere.”

“What’s wrong with you today Clare? Can’t you do anything on your own?”

“I’m really sorry boss. I have been on shift for 5 hours now without a break. I’m sure I’d work better after a short break if that was ok?”

“Look go use the key to the vending machine and get yourself a drink or something. I’m too short staffed today I’m afraid. You’ll need to make do with eating and drinking on the job today. I’ve not even had a break myself today. You just need to grin and bear it when we’re this busy. Double check his name and booking and I’ll be over in a minute ok. As soon as you’ve sorted him go get that drink and come back over.”

“It’s ok boss. Brain gave me the vending key earlier and I’ve had plenty to drink already. It was actually…”

“In that case can you get back to serving and I’ll come over in a bit.”

The girl walked away subdued and frustrated.

Typing more into the computer the older woman crossed her legs.

“It’s been crazy here all day.”

“It looks it!”

“I’ve not even had a minute to pee even. Sorry I was a bit sharp earlier. You know what it’s like when you really need a loo break eh!”

Sadie looked right at the older woman in her fitted blouse, company blazer and pencil skirt. She was the third person today she’d been with who now needed the toilet badly. Not only that but as she looked along the counter at the younger girl who had just commented about not having a break for hours. Now Sadie was watching her she could see so many subtle signs that she likely had the same trouble too. The biting lip, the flushed cheeks, the way she was leaning against the counter and how she’d had to ask Sadie several times for the details of her enquiry. Feeling sympathy towards the younger girl Sadie smiled, nodded towards the other girl and replied to the older one serving her.

“I’ve been there myself many a time. I hope you get a break soon, and Clare too. I couldn’t help hearing what she said to you. Sorry. God I’d be dying for the ladies if I had to work 5 hours without a break!”

The older lady glanced over at Clare giving an almost indistinguishable nod.

“Right. I’ve printed out a quote for you. Best I can offer is a 20% discount but as I said you’ll need to get back to us asap as I can’t guarantee this amount of rooms for those dates for long at all. Thank you for choosing Henderson Hotels today. I look forward to hearing back from you soon.”

The lady handed Sadie the paper as she waved to Clare.

“Right Clare. How are you getting on. Listen how about I take over this one and you can get 5 minutes fresh air. Don’t be too long though please.”

“I won’t. Thank you.”

As Sadie headed for the main double doors to return to her car she couldn’t help but notice young Clare sprinting over in the sane direction the man had earlier towards the lifts. No wonder she’d watched him go so intently as she’d obviously desperately had to go there herself too. Poor girl! As Sadie drove home she thought about Mr Green, Mr Wheeler at the school, the handsome suited man in front of her in the hotel reception and then Clare and her boss. Had they all made it to the toilets on time? Had Clare got back quickly enough to let her boss go? Sadie shivered and fidgeted in her seat thinking of them all. Each one has peaked her interest, warned her body a bit more, made her feel strange sensations in her body. Now getting closer to home she realised that it all added to something very strange but pleasant.

Seeing so many desperate people in one day so close to her had nothing only been fascinating and unusual but, however embarrassing it was to admit, it had strangely turned her on so much. So much so her mind was now almost consumed with thoughts that she’d only ever felt with previous partners. This was strange but living alone she was free to go with it and as she pulled up outside her house she felt her knickers damp with mucus and her body hot and tingling.

Firstly though she’d better take Gypsy out. Her neighbour should have let her into the garden at lunch time like always but she’d be needing out again and then needing fed. However Sadie felt in her body Gypsy would always come first.

*007*2022-05-02 17:41

{{2 hours ago, knockonthedoor said:

I think in the hands of a lesser writer, this story could have ended up being a bit jumbled or unrealistic.

But you have a way of tying everything in so well, as well as creating really interesting dialague that seems so natural that it really works!

I think this might be my favorite out of all of your work so far!

}}

Thank you. More to come soon. Bit of a fantasy of mine to be in the presence of so many desperate people in one day.

*012*2022-05-03 13:43

Final part:

Gypsy came running to the door as always, excited and eager to see her owner return. Sadie smiled, clapping her and putting her things down on the small table by the door as she unhooked the dogs lead and took her a walk around the block. The late summer sun was just starting to set and Sadie was grateful for the fresh air and exercise after a full on day. Thankfully she never met anyone as she walked back down her own driveway and unlocked her front door again.

Coming back in this time she took her coat off and released her dog, went into the kitchen to wash her hands then started on her dinner. Sitting alone to eat she smiled at her dog grateful for the company. It had been such a strange day starting with her early morning dog walk and seeing Mr. Green with his hand in his pocket and anxious to get home quickly. Sadie drank her juice wondering just how badly he’d really had to go. Surely he wouldn’t have left home desperate? That seemed pretty silly and dangerous not to mention rather uncomfortable.

He must have been caught off guard with a sudden need after all he didn’t look much more than late thirties, early forties at most. Maybe he’d had too much coffee with his breakfast? Even Sadie had to admit she’d done that before and found herself bursting by mid morning. That was ok when working from home but quite another thing when in meetings or driving. Sadie shuddered at a sudden memory of holding herself struggling to drive one morning a few months ago heading to a work meeting and the sheer embarrassment of having to ask to use the ladies the minute she arrived.

She took her empty glass and dinner dishes over to the sink and washed them as her mind drifted to her time at Queen Victoria Academy. Mr Wheeler had been so different to how she’d imagined him but every bit as egotistical. How the camera crew would love honing in on all his array of certificates, achievements and awards adorning the walls of his office but how the producer would have been thrilled to have shown the juxtaposition of him proudly showing off to later awkwardly squirming showing someone around his school for an hour as his need to urinate increased exponentially in equal measure with his embarrassment. As Sadie sat her dishes to drain she realised suddenly just how hot she felt and how wide her smile was she washed her hands and dried them and filled the kettle. She should probably visit her own bathroom shortly, having not been since the school hours before, but she had a few emails she wanted to catch up on first with a mug of tea.

Gypsy followed her owner through to the cosy living room curling up on the floor contentedly as Sadie turned her laptop on and placed it on the coffee table. She’d just settled down and read the first email when her doorbell rang. Curious who might be calling after 8:30pm she cautiously opened the front door with her trusty dog by her side. She’d need’t have worried though as it was just Erin from next door holding a parcel.

“Sorry to pop in so late Sadie. I couldn’t leave the kids until Jake was back from work. This came for you this morning. They wanted to take it back to the depot but I manage to persuade them to let me take it in for you.”

“Thank you so much Erin! That’s so kind of you. I’ve not long made a cuppa if you’ve got time for one?”

Erin looked across the grass to her own house pausing to think.

“What the heck! Jakes knows where I am if he needs me and it’ll be good to get adult company for a bit. Thank you!”

Sadie smiled and opened the door wider as Gypsy did a beeline for Erin demanding attention.

“You’d think you fed her caviar and chocolate they way she’s acting not let her into her own garden for a wee at lunch time. Gypsy that’s enough! Let Erin come in!”

“Well my Alfie does like to give her a few dog biscuits if she’s good. My treat! You don’t really mind do you?”

Erin pushed past the excited dog as Sadie closed the door and lead the way to the kitchen as she filled the kettle while chatting.

“Aww that so sweet of you. Of course I don’t mind. I really do appreciate you letting her out. It’s ok when working from home but on days like today it’s too long for her to be left inside all day. I’ll be home the rest of this week, thankfully, but I have meetings on Monday and Tuesday next week if it’s ok to let her out then?”

“Of course it is. I’ve applied for a nursery place for Alfie so if he gets a place at Beaconhill I can either let her out when I get back from dropping him off or even take her a walk up there if you’re ok with that? Alfie would be thrilled at that.”

“Oh Gypsy would love that! Thank you so much. Tea or coffee?”

“Tea’s perfect thanks, just a splash of milk. Cheers.”

Sadie beckoned for them to sit at the breakfast bar as she straddled her legs over the high stood and sat down herself.

“So how are the kids doing? How are you?”

Sadie listened as her neighbour chatted non stop about her children only stopping to sip at her tea. She looked tired and Sadie listened as best she could trying not to let her mind wander. However, the colour of her neighbour’s top was reminding her of the uniform of the young girl earlier at the reception of the hotel. As Erin talked on Sadie mentally calculated that the young receptionist had incredibly been the 4th person that day she’d been right beside who had been desperate to pee. As odd as that seemed she hadn’t even been the last either!

“I really don’t know what to do about my Amy you know. She’s just got into this really bad habit I think.”

Suddenly realising she had been day dreaming Sadie looked at Erin awkwardly on hearing her last comment and hoped she wasn’t asking something she’d just been told but hadn’t heard.

“What bad habit is that?”

“Well last week I picked her up from school with Alfie on his scooter. I thought it would be Alfie holding us up on the walk back but three times we had to stop for Amy. She kept moaning and dancing about. I mean I could easily see what was the matter with her but she’s just so stubborn and she refused to admit it. As soon as we got home she ran quickly upstairs. I’m sure she’s not going to the toilet all day in school you know. The thing is she’s not just doing it in school either. Last night I was doing the ironing and the kids were watching a film and I could see she was fidgeting on the arm chair so much. It’s like she just won’t go to the bathroom until she’s practically wetting herself. Such a bad habit, but I just don’t know what to do about it.”

Sadie blushed, immediately thinking back to her own childhood.

“Hopefully she’ll grow out it. I know I hated asking in school and never wanted to miss any of my favourite film either. It’s not the first time I’ve had to go somewhere either but chosen to wait. I guess we all do it at times even if we shouldn’t.”

Erin finished her tea and nodded at her neighbour.

“Hopefully you’re right. Speaking of waiting I guess I really should get back home to Jake and the kids. I was just heading upstairs to the toilet back home actually when I saw your parcel at the bottom of the stairs and thought if I didn’t get it across to you I’d forget. Hopefully Amy isn’t in the bath. It’s ok for you with this one bathroom stuff but I can tell you with four of us it’s chaos at bedtimes and mornings.”

“I’m sure it must be. Thanks again for letting Gypsy out. Tell the kids they can come play in the garden with her at the weekend if they’d like. She loves that.”

Both ladies climbed down from the stools and walked towards the front door. As Erin lingered at the open door bending down to stroke the dog one final time she looked up at Sadie laughing.

“I’m just as bad as my own daughter here! That tea has gone right through me and I had to pee before I even left the house. You’ll need to excuse me please. I’d better get back to the family!”

Sadie waved to her lovely neighbour as she walked down her driveway and turned to wave back, her legs bouncing and twisting in a very obvious pee dance. Sadie closed the door looking down at Gypsy laughing.

“What was today like Gypsy eh! Every human I met today was needing to pee! What was that even all about? At least I’m alone now. I had to wriggle on that stool loads the whole time your friend Erin was here. All this talk of peeing must be rubbing off on me. I’ll see you in a bit. No barking while I run to the loo will you?”

Sadie took the stairs two at a time in her eagerness to get to her bathroom that she hadn’t even been inside since leaving for her meeting at the school mid morning. As she turned to sit down pulling her tights and knickers down she gave an audible ‘oh’ noise as her eyes fixed on the inside of her underwear. Her sensible full light blue cotton pants had a large damp patch that Erin touched with her finger as her bottom rested on the toilet seat. Gasping she held her muscles tight for just a second more she ran her hand across her tightly squeezed hairy vagina feeling it thick with stringy mucus.

Sadie was unbelievably desperate to wee now sitting on her own toilet, finally able to go but wanting to deliberately hold off for just long enough to think more on each bursting person she’d met that day. Was this how poor Mr. Green had felt stuck outside with his old dog Patch urgently needing to get home to his bathroom? Was this how strong the tingling had been for Mr. Wheeler, the Head at the academy, as he’d shown her around the building? Was this how antsy the man in front of her at the hotel reception had felt struggling to wait his turn? Was this how flustered the young girl had felt who tried to help her or how aching her older boss felt? Was it this beautiful full feeling that the neighbours daughter was experiencing holding all through school and her favourite film? And finally was Erin, her neighbour, as shaky and squirmy as this while sitting on the breakfast stool downstairs drinking tea?

Sadie allowed her hand and fingers to stroke and explore her desperate aching wet body in the very place that was about to burst with warm pee as her entire body shook with desire and need not just to release her bladder but with sexual desire too. Being in touching distance, talking with, and hearing so many people mention how badly they had to pee all day had worked her up to a state like nothing ever experienced before. No partner had ever got her this wet or hot or needy. Not even close! But regardless how turned on she was her throbbing urethra could not hold on any longer as it burst forth furiously as Sadie continued enjoying herself, the sleeve of her blouse getting totally drenched.

For well over a minute she peed and stroked herself simultaneously gasping and groaning in ecstasy at the wonderful way it felt as her wrists and lower arms became so covered in torrents of pale yellow warm liquid. Panting like her own dog she laughed at a sudden naughty thought:

What if any of the bursting people she had met that day had felt like this too? Now that was quite a thought indeed.

*014*2022-05-03 16:44

{{1 hour ago, WetterArgento said:

I usually like wetting more than just desperation, but this was a really fun and hot read

}}

Thank you. That’s a huge compliment indeed if you found it hot without any wetting…though who knows how many of the people she met actually made it on time…

*016*2022-05-04 06:52

{{8 hours ago, eucoloco said:

So hot as usual

}}

Thank you. I do enjoy writing these short stories a lot

