Finding Mira's limits

Author: Markj9494

*000*2021-01-17 18:18

Finding Mira's limits

(Warning: Includes Scenes of a sexual nature, for those who might not be into it)

Watching the car pull up out front Mira couldn’t help but smile, it had been three long weeks since she had last seen her fiancé Lewis. As a successful businessman he often found himself travelling, much to her annoyance. She knew it wasn’t his choice but she still wished that some of his longer trips didn’t happen.

Looking away from the window she checked herself out in the mirror, smoothing out the crease in her black lingerie where it barely covered her moderate bust before running a hand through her two-toned straight hair. The smile reappeared as she heard the engine turn off outside, her perfectly straight teeth sinking into her supple lower lip as she bit into in anticipation.

Stepping out of the car came the man she had missed so badly, a man who by comparison was rather plain looking. The pair often got questioning looks or comments about how such an ordinary man could capture her, but they didn’t know him the way she did. She had been with a number of partners before meeting Lewis, but she had never had the level of connection she had with him. They had first met at a friends party and like most others she had thought he was a bit of a boring guy, not really saying or doing much. But a few weeks later the pair of them had met again at the same friend’s cabin, over that weekend away she had really fallen for him.

He had a great sense of humour and was a great listener, a rare thing for the men her looks typically attracted. The two of them had spent much of that weekend sat side by side on a wall overlooking the valley they were staying in, talking for hours and hours about hopes, dreams and where they saw themselves in 5 years’ time. The honest and heartfelt conversation drawing the pair of them closer, but her feelings today were a little less poetic

Hearing the front door open she took up her pose, moving over and lounging suggestively on the bed.

“Mira?” Came a shout from the hallway downstairs.

“Im in the bed room” She shouted back, doing her best to still maintain some femininity in the yell.

With each creak of the stairs she felt her heart flutter, the butterflies in her stomach going into overload as she heard him step onto the landing. How many times had she imagined this over the last couple of days, it was always torture when Lewis was gone for so long. A week she could handle, but 3…

Opening the door slowly it revealed him standing there, a broad smile on his face as he met her eyes before his rolled slightly. Of the pair of them she was always the more sexually forward and it seemed he had expected something like this. Although, the flirty texting they had been doing all afternoon should have been somewhat of a clue to him.

“I see you have been busy” he joked, raising an eyebrow at his beautiful girlfriend laying on a bed, candles flickering around the softly lit room filled by soft jazz music.

“What ever do you mean” she replied, fanning her long hair innocently.

“Well” he said stepping into the room, his hands behind his back for some reason. “I was just putting my suitcase next to the laundry room and I may have found these.” He said, holding out a pair of her soaked underwear and causing her to blush deeply.

Her fetish was no secret between the two of them and he was well aware of what got her going, even though he rarely took any part of it. From time to time he would indulge her, but even just him talking about it was making her heart pump a little faster.

“I think someone couldn’t control themselves when I was away” He said, his voice taking on a huskier tone as he walked towards her on the bed and taking her by surprise.

Lewis had always been a bit reluctant to be involved with her holds, not wanting to hurt her or cause any unwanted accidents, not realising that was what she dreamt of. But over the last year she had slowly been pushing what he was comfortable with and was enjoying it immensely, this current turn included.

“I just couldn’t hold it. I was ever so desperate” she said, doing her best to sound innocent and pouting slightly.

“I suppose the toilet was just too far away, there was no way of making it?” Lewis asked, taking another step towards her in the room and throwing his suit jacket onto a chair in the corner.

“It was, I was at my limit.” Mira continued; her mind flooded with the images of her morning accident. Waking up with an “accidentally” full bladder had only made her long for his touch that much more. The pair of them having an unwritten rule of not pleasuring themselves on these trips away from each other, a form of erotic torture that only seemed to heighten her lust for him. A little game for them to play, forcing her to go without the most basic of pleasures for weeks at a time.

“Well if you were at your limit that would be fine, but I don’t believe you.”

“You don’t?” she said, raising an eyebrow and waiting for what he was going to say or do next.

“I think you wanted to lose control, im not even sure you know what your limit is” he said, their bodies just inches from each other as he stood next to the bed, Lewis still holding up her wet panties and accusing her of wetting herself intentionally. A fact they both new was true, but that wasn’t the point of this little game.

Her heart seemed to almost catch in her throat with that last accusation, Mira becoming worried that if he kept this up she was going to faint. She could feel her nipples becoming impossibly hard as they pressed against the soft fabric that was barely covering her slim body. Reaching down he lightly brushed one with his thumb, the simple movement causing her to moan in elicit pleasure.

“What should we do, if you don’t think I was at my limit, should I be punished” She said suggestively, slowly opening her legs for him. Her whole crotch throbbing and almost demanding they end this foreplay with an animalistic desire.

“I was thinking, maybe we should find it”, he said uncharacteristically.

“Wait, so you want to push me to my limit.” She asked standing up, his suggestion breaking through the false pretences and hitting a note she just couldn’t ignore, was he really saying what she thought he was?

“If it would make you happy” He said sweetly.

“You have no idea how much it would”, she said eyeing him hungrily. Taking a few steps around him she gently pushed him back onto the bed, holding onto his tie as he laid back. Climbing on top she began straddling him, pressing her body into him as she bent over to kiss him passionately.

“So you want me to control your bladder?” He asked, suggestively.

“Yes” she breathed, continuing to kiss him repeatedly.

“You want me to make you hold it, to make your bladder throb inside you” he added, using the gaps between the onslaught of hungry kisses to drive her even more rabid. Despite being under her, he was taking full control, saying just the right things and watching her physically respond to them.

“Yes” She said breathlessly again, a shiver running up her spine and causing her to gasp quietly as she kissed his neck over and over.

“To ignore your desperate plea’s to use a bathroom” He continued.

“Fuck” groaned Mira as she felt her clit starting to throb where it made contact with him, Lewis verbally teasing her again and making her pulse race as she gave into the hunger.

“To push you until you can hold it no more, and even then to deny you the relief you so desperately need until I say so.” He continued.

“Oh god yes” she said hoarsely, starting to grind against him as she sat upright, overcome by her primitive needs and the fire burning inside her body. A fire that had been growing for more than 3 weeks and that he was furiously stoking with his wordplay.

“Im going to force you to hold it, for hours, for days, maybe im going to make you hold it forever as your bladder swells. Would you like that”

“Yes, Yes, Yes!” she almost screamed, her head falling back as she started to gyrate faster and faster against his clothed body. Waves of pleasure racing up and down her body as her skin started to burn, sweat and Goosebumps forming all over her sensitive body that longed to be touched.

“I want to make you so desperate that you have no choice but to piss yourself, to loose all control of you body and watch as you bladder uncontrollably empties itself all over your….”

He was interrupted by a guttural moan from Mira. His demanding and suggestive voice too much for her as her thighs tensed, a wave of pure heat and pleasure racing around her body. Bucking wildly her head went light, black edges forming in her vision as for a moment he teased her about her ultimate fantasy. Even just the suggestion at how far he would go was destroying her mind and without him touching her she had cum hard, a damp spot forming on her lilac panties from her breath-taking orgasm. Mira’s body continued to shake in pleasure for what felt like an age, her back rigidly arched and eyes fluttering in the back of her head. The waves of pleasure rolling over and over her body which now trembled on top of Lewis before falling limply to the side. Her sweaty face smiling in ecstasy, she had been planning something far more elaborate and lengthier than what had just happened. The last three weeks and his teasing ensuring it only took her minutes if that, to reach a sweaty climax.

“Holy shit that was good” she panted, her chest heaving as she returned to earth.

“Imagine what it will feel like with a full bladder” He said, kissing her attentively on her neck and causing her to groan and twitch as if she had just had another miniature orgasm. He loved how easy it was to manipulate her sexually, pressing all the right buttons until she exploded. This wasn’t quite how he had planned to do it today, but he couldn’t argue with the results.

Giving her a final kiss on the cheek he stood, going to shower while Mira recovered from her high.

Hearing the water turn off a little while later Mira waited, doing her best to be patient despite the burning questions she still had for him. Watching Lewis walk out of the bathroom in nothing but a towel she bit her tongue, not wanting to seem to eager.

“What is it?” Lewis asked, her longing stare clearly giving the game away.

“Did…did you mean what you said earlier?”

“Which bit?”

“About me holding?” Mira asked, her cheeks flushing as the words fell out of her mouth.

“I guess, I mean I know you are really into that and if its something you really want to do, I don’t see why I would ever stop you?”

“No I mean…you, being the one to control me. I know you don’t really like that stuff because you worry for me, but I’ve been doing it since I was a teenager and I know how to do it safely.”

“You really want this?” He asked, looking into her deep hazel eyes.

“I do” Mira said softly, her heart pounding once again in her chest.

“Well I guess in that case how can I say no. When did you…”

“What about tomorrow?” Mira asked, the response blurted about even before it had registered in her brain. She had always dreamt of this moment and now it was here, she could barely think about anything else.

“I…, sure.” He said laughing at her eagerness, it was like she had gone back to being a teenager and was discovering sex again. The look in her eyes an almost pure form of adult happiness as he accepted this part of her life a little more.

Waking up the next morning the smell of bacon drifted through the house. Rolling over onto Lewis’s now empty side of the bed she smiled into the pillows as she led face down. Sliding off the bed and putting on a thin pink negligee she slowly walked down the stairs and into the large kitchen of their house. Lewis was noisily frying some bacon and eggs in the pan, the table covered in his laptop and papers. He had always been an early bird, but it kind of went with the job description.

Walking up behind him she slid her arms around his slender waist, putting her head on his shoulder.

“Morning” he said cheerily. “Its almost done if you want to get some plates out?”

“Sure” Mira said, going over and helping prepare their large breakfast. Soon the table was set, both of them sitting their and eating as an almost awkward silence fell on them as she did her best to think of something other than “it” to talk about. Her mouth opening a couple of times with thoughts that quickly disappeared.

“Go on just say it.” Lewis laughed again.

“How are we going to, I mean what are we going to, do you have, Should I…”

“Wow, I haven’t seen you this flustered, ever” he replied, putting the final piece of bacon into his smiling mouth.

“Sorry, you just have no idea how much I have wanted this.”

“I think im starting too” Lewis said, standing and walking over to where she had moved his papers.

“So I had a think about it this morning, well more or less since last night and I came up with some ideas. But I want you to feel free to say no to any of these, I want you to enjoy today as much as you can.” He said, sitting back down now holding the paper.

“Ok” Mira said, the butterflies in her stomach returning as she fidgeted from excitement in her chair.

“So first off I wanted to have a safe word, because I don’t want to hurt you or…

“That’s sweet, but trust me I want you to push me. I want you to torture me and my bladder!” Mira said, her voice taking on a deep and needy tone.

“Well ok, but I know you are going to be begging me to pee” he said emphasising the last part and enjoying the slight whimper he got from Mira, “and I want to know you can actually make me stop, even if you don’t plan on using it I would feel more comfortable if we did have one.”

Lewis was always a little reluctant with things like this, even in their foray into light bondage he was always worrying about her, which was sweet but a little mood killing in the middle of sex for him to check up on how she was doing. But, if it meant he would feel better about it and would stop him breaking the roleplay, she was all for it.

“Sure, if it would make you more comfortable.”

“What should it be, our usual?”

"Sure, easy to remember" She said trying to remain calm as things started to escalate.

“Ok… thank you by the way” he said earnestly, the safe word setting his mind at ease about going too far. “Also before we get too far into it, here you go. I would like you sign this.”

“What is it?” She asked, bemused by the piece of paper he was handing to her.

“It’s a contract, stating that as of this moment you sign away your bladder control to me as a sole proprietor of your bathroom habits for the next 24 hours.”

“Ohh” Mira moaned softly as her legs bowed inwards slightly, she had never been more turned on by a piece of paper than she was right now. Her legs pressing together under the table she weakly picked up the pen and gleefully signed it. Her eyes locking with Lewis’s as he smiled at how much she was enjoying this, he could see the Goosebumps forming all over her body any time he spoke about it.

“So…what did you have planned for the day?” Mira asked excitedly, laying the pen down after scrawling her name on it. The formality was all part of the show, but she couldn’t deny that despite his reluctance Lewis sure knew how to make this so much hotter than a simple hold for her.

“So I thought that since we have not seen each other for a few weeks it would be nice to go and do something together. I got us some tickets to the Zoo, its been a while since we went and they have that new sea life exhibit. Might be fun to take you there, im sure there is plenty of water for you to stare at longingly.”

Wow he was really getting into this, Mira thought to herself while loving every moment.

“But I also had another idea, a little game I think we should play while im in control of your bladder.”

“What sort of game?” She asked, biting her lower lip.

“I think anytime we hear the word water, you should have to drink and anytime we overhear anyone talk about buying a drink, we have to buy a drink for you. Wouldn’t want you getting dehydrated out there would we?”

“No we would not” She said swallowing with some difficulty.

“But first, our morning run.” He said starting to clear up the table now breakfast had been eaten.

“Why don’t you go and get changed and I will finish up here.”

“Sure” she said, giving him a peck on the cheek and almost sprinting up the stairs, excited for the day to begin as soon as possible. Getting changed she put on some tight navy leggings and a small pink sports crop top.

Running back down the stairs she arrived to see Lewis standing by the table, a number of things next to him as he finished arranging things. Walking in he seemed to look her over, smiling at what he saw in front of him.

“Drink these” He said, handing her two large glasses of water. The cold heavy cups ones that were usually stored in the back of the cupboard because they were usually to big for them to use regularly. Mira’s knees weakened for a moment, today was going just as she had wished for.

“But….If I drink these I don’t know if I will be able to make our usual route.” She said, feigning some concern.

“Are you refusing to drink already?” Lewis said sternly, his current tone usually the one he reserved for their nights of bondage.

“I just…”

“I think you should be punished for that, considering its so early in the day. We wouldn’t want you getting any ideas later would we.” He said, a faint pause in his playfully dominant behaviour as he almost seemed to wait and see if he had gone to far. But judging by the deep exhale of air and the twitch from her eyes he had nothing to worry about. This was exactly what she was wanting.

“What kind of punishment?” she asked breathlessly.

Thinking for a moment, he came up with an idea he was sure she would enjoy and hate at the same time.

“Have you taken your morning pee yet?” He asked

“No….” She said biting her lip and tilting her head at him, was he going to make her hold it all day with her having no relief since yesterday evening.

“Why don’t you finish up drinking those and I’ll show you your punishment.” He said, a sly grin on his face as he watched Mira’s eyes flutter slightly as he took control of her again.

Needing no more excuses Mira began gulping down the water, ignoring the complaints from her bloating stomach as she downed it. The ice cold water giving her brain freeze, but she fought through it. A few minutes later both large glasses were drained, their contents now inside her stomach and soon to be bloated bladder. The heavy weight of the water pushing on something inside her that she knew from experience in a few hours would be driving her insane.

“Follow me” Lewis said almost as soon as she had set the second empty glass down. He had been watching her closely as she drank down the water, now leading her upstairs she wondered what he had planned. Walking into their large bathroom he stopped and turned around to her “I think you should take your morning pee”

Was his punishment going to be she had to pee with him watching, fine by her, although she had hoped he would be making her hold it more than this. Walking towards the toilet she put a hand on the waistband of her leggings.

“Wait….how about you do it there, and I think you should leave the leggings on.” Lewis said pointing towards the large walk in shower.

“You…you want me to wet myself in front of you?” She said, swallowing the lump in her throat that had formed again at the suggestion.

“I think after your questioning of me despite signing the form requires some sort of punishment, the toilet is just too good for you right now.”

Another shiver ran up Mira’s spine, her fiancé really pushing every single button that she had.

Blushing deeply she stepped into the shower, Lewis watching intently as she tried to ignore the fluttering in her chest. It was strange, despite wanting Lewis to be involved like this since they had met she just couldn’t look him in the eyes.

Standing with her legs apart, her cheeks already burning from something that wasn’t quite embarrassment she let her body relax. The nights worth of pee quickly leaving her bladder and hissing through the skin tight material, streams rolling down her long slender legs and splattering onto the white tub below her. Mira’s leggings darkening inconsistently as the sweat wicking material was overwhelmed by the deluge of liquid currently running over them and forming a yellow tinged puddle under her. Closing her eyes she relished the warm feeling erupting between her legs, the tingling sensation radiating throughout her body as she felt like she was almost floating for a moment. Her hand moving to her crotch and beginning to press as the steam continued to flow out of her and down the insides of both her legs. In her own little world she didn’t notice Lewis get close to her, only opening her eyes when a second hand joined hers between her wet legs.

Opening her eyes she could see him now standing close to her, his left hand pressing into her crotch as she peed, the warm liquid gushing out of her and over his hand. Slowly Lewis began to move it in small circular motions causing her to whimper, the tingles she was feeling turning into burning pleasure. Faster and faster he started to rub her through her wet leggings, the squelching noise echoing through the bathroom as Mira began to groan loudly as an orgasm fast approached.

“Oh yes, yes yes….” She moaned, her posture changing as her legs stiffened almost pushing her onto her tip toes in pleasure.

But as quickly as his hand had appeared between her legs it disappeared, leaving her panting and coming down from the edge of ecstasy.

“Ohhhh” She whimpered in frustration, “Please”.

“Maybe later, for now you are not allowed to cum until I tell you that you can.” He said, rinsing his hand in the sink, her urine having coated it.

“But….” Mira pleaded, the erotic show of being made to wet herself for him only making the burning between her legs more fierce.

“Nope, its all in the contract you so hastily signed.”

“What?” Mira said, she hadn’t even bothered to read it. “What else is in there?” she asked hastily regretting signing it.

“Maybe you will find out later” Lewis said suggestively raising an eyebrow. “Come on” He said beckoning her out of the bathroom.

“I’ll just go change quickly” She said, heading towards their room as he went towards the landing.

“Why would you be doing that, you’re already in your running clothes” He said, an unexpected mischievous glint in his eye.

“I…you want me to go out like this?” Mira asked, looking down at her darkened leggings and yellowed socks.

“Are those your running clothes or not?"

“But i….” Mira started, she had always wanted to try going out in public and wetting herself but her nerves had meant her fetish was completely house bound. Now Lewis was pushing her to new extremes and to try things that she had never been able to get the courage to do before.

“You didn’t think you would be getting off that lightly, besides I think you enjoyed pissing yourself far too much for it to truly be a punishment.”

Now Mira’s heart was pounding, today was going in directions she could never have imagined, how was he this good at this already.

For Lewis it had been a bit of a gamble, Mira had told him about her fetish a number of times and the things she wanted to do one day. Although, he had been unsure of how comfortable she would be, would she actually go through with this or was it just a dream she had with no intention of carrying it out. Part of him wanted to break “character” and ask, but she always complained when he did that to check she was doing ok in their other playing. It was another reason he was glad they had a safe word, it allowed him to be the cruel master he knew she wanted without worrying about her too much.

Stepping out of the front door in her wet leggings she felt the brisk morning air quickly cool the saturated material that clung to her even more. Looking around nervously Mira could feel her heartbeat pounding away in her head as she started running down their road covered in her own pee. Thankfully it was somewhat difficult to tell exactly what had happened, the material inconsistently dark, with some patches clearly soaking up more of her “accident” than others. But that didn’t stop her blushing madly as the pair of them made their way past one of their neighbours out walking their dog.

As they continued their run she could feel the clingy material rubbing against her, in particular in her crotch. The events of the morning and the fact she was out in clothes she had wet herself only making the sensation far stronger than it should have been. Each stride causing ripples of pleasure to work their way through her body as her feet landed heavily on the pavement. Focusing on the feeling she wanted more of it, unconsciously quickening her pace as she felt the rubbing increase likewise.

“Hold up there speedy, whats the rush.” Came a remark from next to her, snapping Mira out of her world and making her realise what she had been doing. A sweaty and slightly out of breath Lewis running up beside her. Could running really giver her an orgasm? It had sure felt like if he hadn’t stopped her it might have.

“Sorry” She said smiling and looking up. They were almost at the halfway mark, she had been running for far longer than she had realised. To busy focusing on the rubbing between her legs to notice how long far they had gone. Looking down at her legs briefly she was relieved to see that most of the pee stains had evaporated, only a few dark areas remained on the insides of her legs.

“Remember to keep hydrated” Lews said, handing her a water bottle which she gratefully took, downing most of it one go.

“It’s a bit chilly today isn’t it. Why don’t we stop by and grab a coffee in town?” He asked as she handed back the almost empty bottle.

“Sure” Mira said, all too aware that it wasn’t that chilly but happy for him to keep taking the initiative and making her drink more. The mornings water already starting to sit heavily inside her bladder. As she ran her anticipation of what would happen was only growing as her bladder filled.

Walking into town Mira was suddenly conscious of her leggings again, it had been just under an hour since she had drenched them and the evidence had long dried. But in the busy morning she couldn’t help but feel slightly embarrassed, despite the fact that only her and Lewis knew what she had done in her clothes. The dozens of people walking past without looking completely unaware, none of them knew she had wet herself in these leggings she was casually still wearing.

Walking into the starbucks they joined the que, the large store filled with people chatting at tables and enjoying their morning coffee. Now out of the wind Mira was starting to worry, did she smell of her own piss? The evidence might have dried but her clothes were still soiled, would someone be able to tell, would someone figure out she had wet herself this morning.

“How is your bladder doing?” Lewis whispered to her as they stood in the line, people stood closely In front and behind them. “I bet you would love to wet yourself in line, such a public place too.”

“Shhhhh” she hissed at Lewis as he was being uncharacteristically forward.

“Maybe I should make you wet yourself, after all im in control right.” He continued.

“Don’t…” Mira pleaded, not so much about making her wet herself but the erotic teasing her was inflicting on her as they stood in such a public space. Her head was trying to focus on anything but the words he was tantalisingly whispering into her ear.

“Is that what you want, to piss yourself surrounded by so many people.” He continued, leaning right in next to her ear. The hushed conversation clearly working up his girlfriend as her thighs started to brush against each other again, subtly squirming where they stood in line.

“Uh hi can I get a Tall black coffee and a Trenta Americano with an extra shot please” Lewis said calmly to the cashier, continuing as if he hadn’t just been talking to her sexually.

A couple of minutes later they left the shop, Lewis with his normal sized drink and her with a massive cup. She never usually ordered on this big, but today she wasn’t going to complain.

“I want to see that gone by the time we reach home” He said taking a sip of his own.

“What, but this thing is massive” Mira said, the cup heavy enough with coffee that she had to hold it with both hands.

“Are you saying you won’t do something again?”

“No but, we are only 15 minutes away. I just cant drink that much by then.”

“Well, I suppose you had just better get started. Wouldn’t want to be punished again before we go to the zoo would you?” Mira answering the question by taking a deep drink of the hot coffee.

Between the town and their house the coffee cup barely seemed to leave her mouth as Mira forced herself to keep drinking. The two large glasses of water, the bottle Lewis had given her only a short time ago now being joined by almost a litre of Coffee as the warm liquid began to sit uncomfortably insider her stomach. Pooling inside her distended abdomen Mira could feel her skin stretching, pulled taught over her body which continued to swell and press firmly into her restrictive clothes. The faint need to pee turning into a surprisingly urgent one as she fumbled with her key in the lock.

“Wait” Lewis said, turning around to look at him he had that look in his eyes again.

“What?” She asked, both nervous and excited to see where this would go. Her legs gently crossing as she stood there, looking at him expectantly.

“Let me see the cup, is it empty?” He asked.

Handing it over she watched as he took the lid off, upturning it and a few final drops falling out.

“Ooh, what was that Mira, im not sure it was empty after all.” He said, raising an eyebrow.

“It was just a few drops, she playfully pleaded.”

“Just a few drops?”

“Yes, I didn’t mean to leave them. I’d have drunk them if I could have.”

“Well, that just sounds like another excuse to me.” He said, turning to look away from her and his hand gently brushing his chin as she thought. “Just a few drops” He repeated, before smiling as his attention was caught by his beautiful partner starting to squirm. The cold and her filling bladder beginning to get the better of her as she stood on the front porch of their house. The mental expectation of being able to run in and pee playing havoc with her emotions now she had been temporarily delayed.

Beckoning her over with his finger she looked genuinely apprehensive about what was going to happen.

“Stand there” He commanded softly, Mira’s knees going slightly weak but obeying him she moved to the spot where he had pointed. A corner of their front doors little alcove, a short knee high wall surrounding it that overlooked the busy street. Cars and people crossing a short distance away from her, within 100m with any of them being able to watch her squirm. She knew that it was what he wanted, to force her to stand in full view and try not to squirm as her bladder filled. How long would he make her stand here she wondered as she felt her heart rate accelerating in her chest.

“Now pee” he whispered to her, leaning in close so only she could hear him.

“What!?” She asked, surprised by his bold nature in the moment. He had always been the nervous one, the one to back away from any public displays and yet here he was fully immersed in the role of her bladders master.

“I said pee…but just a little, a few drops if you will.” He smiled as he sent her own words back at her.

“What if I cant stop?” Mira asked, her need having increased dramatically since standing on the spot even though it had only been a few moments.

“Then I guess I will have to keep punishing you.”

Whimpering loudly Mira closed her eyes, her face blushing madly and her whole body heating up for a moment despite the cold temperatures outside. Her breath catching her in her throat as she tensed her things, gently digging her nails into her tight clothes and her muscles underneath.

Opening her legs slightly she did her best to ignore the sights and sounds of the dozens of people whizzing by in their cars. The joggers and cyclists passing much slower, but each and everyone one of them able to see her. The wall a good foot too short to cover her crotch, if she lost control now anyone could see her.

Seconds had passed, but it felt like an eternity to Mira, standing there as she tried to relax just a little. With her feet shoulders width apart she could almost feel her muscles moving inside her as she tried to coax them into relaxing, she had never had this problem in private. In fact she was somewhat of an expert in private, but now in the open and with so many onlookers she had frozen. Yet she couldn’t help but love the feeling of it, despite the rush to let go the feeling or anticipation of what she was trying to do continued to leave her short of breath and red faced.

Finally after what had to be almost a minute she felt it, a little warm spurt between her legs. It was only small but she had done it, she had broken the seal and soon another spurt, and another until a quiet hiss was audible above the traffic. The crotch of her leggings glistening once again as her piss ran down her legs.

Looking down she swallowed hard as she watched the clear liquid fall between her legs, splattering noisily on the grey tiles beneath her and turning them almost black. Looking up she was all to conscious of the fact that anyone and everyone in their cars could be watching her now, people she knew, complete strangers, anyone!

“Alright, that’s enough I think.” Lewis said, breaking her out of her erotic trance as she revelled in the feeling of wetting herself in sight of dozens of people.

Grunting she doubled over and thrust a hand between her legs as she knotted them together. It might not have been the most uncommon feeling to let go, but stopping was not something she had tried before. Although there was something to be said for the rush of adrenaline that accompanied the panic and desperation to stop. A strange new burning sensation in her crotch coupled with a new cramping inside her bladder that she couldn’t tell if it was pure agony or pleasure.

“Ok, ok, ok I think I’ve stopped.” She said, removing her wet hand from between her legs as a few last drops rolled down her toned legs, the tight material once again clinging to her in that tantalising way.

Opening the door Lewis ushered her inside, her shoes feeling a little soggy and in need of a clean despite his earlier reservations about ruining them. Taking them off at the bottom of the stairs she followed him up, taking uneasy steps as her still full bladder demanded she continue what she had been doing. Her lips gently quivering as she separated her legs for each movement until finally she reached the top. Looking up she was surprised to see him waiting for her outside the bathroom.

“I think you deserve something.” He said disappearing inside the bathroom and making her heart jump slightly. Leaning in she could see him standing next to the toilet which he lowered the seat for and nodded towards it.

“Oh, thank god I was about to burst” She said breathlessly, rushing over and fumbling with her wet clothes that she pushed down. Sighing loudly she sagged on the toilet as her bladder relaxed fully, her muscles still slightly tingling as the clear liquid drained out of her.

“Ok well, enjoy it while you can.” Lewis joked as he waltzed out of the room but leaving the door open.

After having a warm shower together in which she had been repeatedly told off by her Fiancé for touching herself slightly, she stood stark naked in their bedroom waiting to see the outfit he had picked out for their trip to the zoo. She didn’t think it was a part of the contract, but she was all to happy to let him take over this part of her life too. After a few moments she was relieved to see him walk out with a simple pair of light denim jeans and a black top for her to wear.

“Will these do?” he seemed to ask genuinely unsure.

“They are perfect” Mira smiled, giving him a quick kiss on the cheek and starting to get dressed. Buttoning up the jeans she could already feel the rest of her drinks still making their way into her currently relaxed bladder. Thinking about it she doubted the coffee had even started coming through when she had peed on her doorstep. But then again, she could probably have held on longer if she had been asked, but still she wondered if she should say something. But looking at the smile on Lewis's face as he walked back in holding his bag, they were clearly both enjoying this. Smiling back she put the sensation to the back of her mind and followed him to the car for their hours journey to the zoo.

Arriving at the zoo a little before lunchtime they found a parking pace a little away from the main area. The dreary weekend weather bringing more visitors into the city zoo and filling the car parks.

“Ok so you remember the rules right?” Lewis asked

“Yes dear, if we hear the word water I have to drink and if we hear someone else order a drink I get a drink too.” She repeated the game as she leaned in and clung to his arm. Walking together they gently swayed and despite the darkening skies the pair of lovers seemed in incredibly high spirits.

“Can I see your tickets please?” the attendant asked

“Sure thing” Lewis said handing over the printed passes he had bought this morning.

“Hey, can we get a drink?” A young teenager in the gift shop next to them asked their parents.

Looking up Mira made eye contact with Lewis as they shared a smile, looked like things were starting already. Rolling her eyes she wandered over to the small fridge and pulled out herself a large bottle of water and placed it on the counter as the woman serving them put the map and timetable on it.

“Ok you are good to go, the penguin feeding up at the water park sea life exhibit is in about half an hour.”

“Sure thing, thank you very much” Lewis replied, taking note of her wording.

“Im going to regret this aren’t I?” Mira half joked as she opened the bottle and began to drink. Her mind instantly drifting back to the fact she hadn’t peed since her coffee. The dull ache in her abdomen filling her with equal amounts of excitement and nervousness. Never before had she been somewhere so public and knowing she was soon going to be desperate to relieve herself. Closing her eyes for a moment she focused on her bladder, feeling the cold water flowing down her throat and disappearing into her stomach.

Opening them she found her fiancé smirking at her again, his tell-tale eyebrow raised in her direction as if he could tell exactly what she was doing.

“Doesn’t seem like you are regretting anything.” he replied cheekily

“Not yet” She shot back as they moved into the zoo, slowly wandering between the exotic animals. Hugging Lewis she was really enjoying their date even without the added fun they were having. It had been almost a month since they had done anything like this and she was enjoying just having him back to herself.

For the next 15 minutes it seemed their little game had been forgotten, the pair just enjoying each other’s company. But as they rounded the red panda exhibit, one of her favourite animals a shout came from beside it. A middle aged woman standing near a coffee stand was yelling over to her husband and children sat a little ways a way.

“Do you want a drink?” She yelled loudly, over the other peoples conversations with no apparent regard for them or the animals nearby,.

“Yeah?” She shouted again, her tired looking husband simply nodding.

“Coffee?” Her shout once again answered by a nod as she joined the que of people, some looking at her and clearly annoyed.

“So I guess that’s another drink.” Mira said looking playfully unhappy.

“You know the rules” Lewis smiled back, the pair taking their place in line.

“What should I do with this one?” She added, holding up the half full bottle of water.

“Well I think you should drink it and maybe if you are good I will show you the surprise I got you a little later?” Lewis said to her a little too loudly. His confidence disappearing for a moment as he blushed, realising what he had said. But thankfully it seemed as he looked around a little sheepishly no one had heard or more likely cared what he had just said.

“Is it a…sexy surprise” Mira whispered as she leaned closer to him, capitalising on his awkwardness and hoping to get a hint.

“I mean not really…its kind of cute….and they have polka-dots”

What on earth was he talking about, Mira couldn’t help but look confused which only seemed to make him laugh.

“You’ll see” he replied as they went up to order her next drink that she was relieved to see was just a regular coffee. Stepping away from the counter she downed the rest of the water, making sure to look at Lewis as she did. Slotting the now empty bottle in the recycling bin she took her warm coffee from him and they continued their walk.

Reaching the Gorilla enclosure, the pair of them stood staring at the impressive creatures. Two of the young ones sat grooming each other’s fur and ignoring the visitors as a large male stood over them. Still holding her coffee, a light spasm caused her to cross her legs. The tight jeans restricting her bladder a little now that she was beginning to fill up. The tight button imprinting on her skin as her desperation started to mount. The familiar and welcome sensation combining with the hot coffee to make her feel warm and cosy despite the cold temperature.

“Hey, the penguin feeding is about to start, should we make a move?” Lewis suggested.

“You just want me to be surrounded by rushing water?”

“I think you mean, you just want to be surrounded by rushing water.” He shot back, and was completely right. Given how surprisingly good at this she had slightly forgotten this was all for her benefit.

“I do hope you have plenty of room left in there” He added, giving her stomach a gentle pinch. “I cant imagine how many times the word water might come up.”

“Oh god, your right. But I am half done with this coffee, should we buy a drink on the way over.” She suggested.

“Wait you want to drink even if you don’t have one because of the game?” He asked. He had assumed she would take the loophole of not having to drink if they didnt have any.

“Well, I just….” She started, wondering if she was over committing to it only to be interrupted.

“I mean now you have said it…” He interrupted and opened his bag, revealing half a dozen small water bottles.

Sighing she feigned being indifferent but just seeing the litres of water jostle around in the backpack made her mouth dry. She couldn’t wait until it was all inside her, the little voice of doubt once again being dismissed by her drive to do this. Sipping from her coffee the pair linked their free arms and started walking back towards the sea-life area.

Walking through the metal gate that separated it from the rest of the zoo the impact was almost immediate. Mira was suddenly surrounded by water, running water, babbling water pumps and splashing animals in their pools. Shivering involuntarily, she felt her bladder start to pulse inside her. The filling organ reacting to the cacophony of wet sounds around her.

“You ok?” Lewis seemed to genuinely ask beside her, giving her arm a reassuring squeeze.

“Oh yes…” Mira grinned back, her demeanour instantly washing away any worry from his face. She truly did enjoy this he thought to himself. Although for how much longer…

“Why does the water smell so bad” a young girl asked next to them.

“Hey look at that one in the water.” A parent said pointing out a seal flapping water at another one.

Tipping the coffee back she took a couple of deep swigs as they continued to the penguin exhibit. The pair of them exchanging knowing looks of where this was going.

“Hello and welcome to our Penguin exhibit, these cute little fellows next to the water are our rock hopper penguins.”

“Well there goes the coffee” Mira commented, turning the cup upside down for emphasis and holding out a hand for one of Lewis water bottles. Looking at him he seemed to pause for a moment checking if she was serious before handing her a fresh bottle of water.

“So these penguins spend almost half of their life in the water, they eat in the water and socialise in the water. In the wild it would also be how they hunt, using their oily feathers to cut through the water easily.”

“Look, they are playing in the water.” The mum next to them said as the talk continued. “But entering the water is actually a risk in the wild since that is also where their natural predators are…”

“Oh god….” Mira groaned as the audience and person giving the talk continued to repeat the word over and over again. Gripping the new bottle in her hand she took a deep swig, doing her best to keep up with the number of times someone was talking about water but it quickly blurred into one.

“Rocky is our oldest penguin here at the zoo, he is the one just entering the water there on your left…”

Over the next 40 minutes Mira had lost track of the amount of times Water was said, the bottles of water barely leaving her lips as she just about fit in breaths between the constant drinking. By 10 minutes in, the first bottle had been emptied and she had reluctantly asked Lewis for another. By half an hour in that too was drained, its contents flowing into her already bloated bladder. The pressure inside her body increasing rapidly and forcing her to cross her legs tightly as she stood there trying to pay attention and enjoy the talk. But that was easier said than done as each minute that passed was making her already tight jeans begin to feel as if they were constricting in, tightening around her sensitive bladder. By the talk had ended the third bottle was half empty and she felt 10lb heavier. A great weight of water sitting uncomfortably in both her bladder and stomach.

“How are you doing?” Lewis asked as the crowd started to disperse

“Oh god, I’m so full right now.” Mira replied, Her voice breaking and a little higher than normal as she rubbed her stomach with a hand.

“I think that was the point” Lewis grinned, leaning over and kissing her on the lips. His hand going down her bladder and rubbing it caringly, causing her to almost purr in delight.

“Hey love, shall we get a drink?” Another young couple asked next to them. The announcement making Mira exhale through their locked lips.

“Well, I guess that’s another one.” Lewis announced happily.

“Please you cant be serious, I'm so full already" Mira protested for the first time. A sure sign to him that she was going to have a limit at some point. Although she still had their safe word that he was sure she would use If he was too strict. But even so he couldn’t help but agree, she had drunk a lot.

“Fine, how about you finish that bottle and then we can get you a drink a little later.”

“But I cant drink any more” Mira pouted again, holding his hand.

“Sounds like someone wants two drinks, not one.” He replied, causing her to smile wickedly before downing the other half of the bottle. She was enjoying this after all.

“Anyway, remember that surprise, maybe it’ll help take your mind off of things.” Lewis said.

Finishing the bottle and smacking her lips Mira locked arms with him as he lead her off towards the inside of the water area. The sounds of running water getting louder again and now almost am hour later their impacts were almost unbearable compared to last time. As she walked she couldn’t help but squeeze her legs tightly together, taking slightly shorter steps as the rippling water exhibits almost seemed to be trying to coax out her long held pee. A strong pulse reverberated around her bladder, the first sign that she was reaching her limit after all.

A sign that she would usually take as an indication to ordinarily find a bathroom and soon. But today was no ordinary day, and she wasn’t the one in charge of her toilet habits. But it shouldn’t be a problem, she had drunk more than this and held before. By her reckoning she had at least a couple more hours to enjoy this. But even as she took another step and second pulse followed the first she began to worry, it didn’t usually happen this quickly.

“And here we are!” Lewis announced proudly as indicated to a small water tank.

“I…what?” Mira asked slightly confused by what he was saying.

“Take a look”

“The Polka-dot Cusk-eel, I mean it is kind of cute.” She replied, was this his big surprise.

“Read the plaque”

“Adopted for Mira, by Lewis.”

“Awww, you adopted me a little eel?” Mira said still a little confused but trying to be nice. Clearly it hadn’t worked as Lewis burst out laughing.

“Look at its Latin name” he chuckled, walking up to be beside her.

Bending over she paused again as she felt her bladder crushed up against he tight waistband. “Otophi…Otophidium, omostigma” She read, smiling broadly as she understood what he had done.

“I thought you would like it.” He smiled, putting his hands around her and leaning in for a kiss.

“Its perfect” She replied, letting out a brief hiss of air as their bodies collided.

“Wow, your hard as a rock down there.” He said, her protruding bladder pressing against his flat stomach and causing his fiancé to fidget where she stood. “But I think you still owe me another drink.”

“Please” Mira begged, she really was full and beginning to worry about just how much of the mornings coffee and water had still been in her when they had set off.

“Please get you another drink, sure my love” He said, knowing full well what she meant. But rolling her eyes and grabbing onto his arm she let herself be lead out of the water torture cave and towards another drink. Thankfully it seemed the coffee shop at this end was closed and she had bought herself a little time. Even distracting Lewis by pointing out a number of the exhibits, each time standing with her legs tightly crossed as they gazed through the large windows at the exotic animals the other side. Her partner genuinely interested by them and reading all the signs. She would have been similarly interested on any other day, but as they walked around she could feel her muscles starting to burn. A deep cramping sensation starting to radiate out from her bladder that was still growing.

“Hey look, a coffee stand” Lewis said as her routing finally failed to miss the next one 10 minutes later. “I’m actually going to grab something to drink, do you…” he paused for a moment as he forgot what he was supposed to be doing. “I’ll get you one as well.” He finished up before joining the que, Mira letting out a quiet groan as her bladder pulsed again.

Watching as he made his way through the thin line Mira couldn’t help but cross her legs tightly, fidgeting slightly where she stood and blushing as a young girl seemed to give her an inquisitive look. Was she being that obvious…

“I got you a tea” Lewis said a couple of minutes later as he handed her another beverage. The warm steam rising from the cup that she would have been thankful for if she wasn’t starting to sweat from the heat of her own bodies desperation that seemed to be increasing faster and faster.

“Do you mind if we sit.” Mira said, a little to enthusiastically. Bending one leg in front of the other and quickly squeezing her thighs together as the pulse turned into more of a muscles spasm that was a sure sign she was getting close to the danger zone. Her bulging bladder ever filling with drink after drink from her fiancé and fulfilling her wildest dreams, but also worrying her slightly. What would she do if she couldn’t hold it, where was the nearest bathroom should she need it? No she could hold it! She was out in public, there was no other option, she wasn’t actually going to wet herself. But even as she thought it, her mind was flooded with images of herself loosing control, everyone staring at her as her bladder exploded. Dark wet patches streaking down both legs, her face burning bright red as all the drinks Lewis had been forcing her to drink rushing out of her.

“Uhh…Mira? I thought you wanted to sit down?” Lewis asked, breaking the light headed illusion that was playing out in her mind.

“Ah hem. Sorry”, she cleared her throat and joined Lewis on the cold metal bench. Exhaling as she sat, her jeans pressing more into her bloated bladder.

“How are you doing?” He asked genuinely.

“Good” she lied, smiling at him sweetly and apparently convincing him that was the truth. Now sitting she placed a hand on her inflated bladder, the rock-hard organ larger than she could ever remember. Closing her eyes she focused on the pulses and static racing along her nerves, little explosions of pain and pleasure erupting in her body from its precarious position. Another longer quivering pulse racked her body, spirals of pain shooting down from her bladder. Was this the most she had ever held, was it Lewis or being out in public that had helped her?

Another strong pulse raced through her, forcing her hand to go from her bladder to between her legs, giving her crotch a gentle squeeze. How much was she holding she wondered, trying to recollect in her mind and unintentionally tensing her thighs more and more as her brain totalled it up. Including what she had drunk before her pee it must have been the extra-large coffee, a regular coffee, a large bottle of water, three small bottles of water and now a tea. That had to be more than 3 and a half litres in the past four hours! Not to mention she had already been extremely hydrated after the morning’s activities. No wonder she was busting she thought to herself as her legs started to move up and down as she sat there. Opening her eyes she was suddenly reminded of where she was, two dozen or more people walking past her, what was she doing!

Instantly her heart started to race, oh god she was so desperate. Why had this hit her all at once, she had been fine a couple of minutes ago or had she just been in denial. Maybe sitting was a bad idea, crossing her legs tighter she wedged one hand between them and tried not to fidget too much.

“Drink, Drink, Drink, Drink” a group kids started shouting as they raced past, apparently excited about the prospect of a sugary snack.

“We will count that as one” Lewis said, smirking slightly as he leaned towards her to giver her a kiss. Pausing for a moment it was clear he had seen that something was off with her, not that she would have given him any points for guessing what.

“I…I cant drink any more” She stuttered, another pulse from her bladder reaffirming that point.

“I…are you sure. Or are you just trying to get out of it?”

“You have made me drink so much, im full.” She half seriously pleaded and saw his playful mood shift slightly.

“Ok, but you will owe me something in return. A favour for a favour” he said, trying to spark life back into the game he had been hoping Mira was enjoying. She hadn’t really said anything yet, but it sure didn’t look like she was enjoying this to him…but then she never did during her holds.

“Sure thing” Mira smiled, actually happy he gave up the concession without totally breaking character. After all she was still hoping there was more to today than just this, not that she wasn’t enjoying it.

Thinking for a moment Lewis could tell she was genuinely struggling now. Her bloated bladder causing her some immense discomfort and he hated seeing her like this. But, at the same time he knew this was what she wanted and it was after all the point of today. She also had a safe word to use if she really meant what she was saying, he had seen her do many holds in the past although usually from another room while working. He was sure she knew her own limits, a fact that put his mind slightly at ease as he continued to playfully torture Mira. Checking his watch, it was only 2:37pm and less than 3 hours since she had peed last and she had only started drinking a lot in the last hour. She had peed before they left so that was just a regular coffee, a water bottle and 3 of the small ones he brought with him. There was no way the tea was making any impact on her so that was probably only a couple of litres at most, less than he had seen her chug back in the past.

“How about a new game. If you can last” he checked his watch for a moment “22 more minutes, until 3pm I will let you use the toilet in the café.”

“Oh god, thank you.” Mira exhaled forcefully.

“But you have to sit there and not squirm the entire time.”

“Lewis I don’t know…” She started, already aware of the deep heat forming inside her as the pee seemed to start boiling now it had been given an escape time. Her muscles similarly quivering slightly at the ultimatum, she knew she would need each and every tactic she had at her disposal to make it.

“Fine, you can squirm…but for each person that notices you doing it you have to wait 5 more minutes.”

Wow he was really good at this, Mira thought to herself, nodding in agreement. But now was not the time to think about it, now she had a goal she could achieve she refocused her mind.

Over the next 10 minutes she manged to make some small talk, although Lewis was definitely leading the conversation. The pressure inside her increasing worryingly fast, her jeans tightening more and more with each minute that passed. At least at the start she had been confident, but as a powerful spasm hit her she couldn’t help but groan slightly. Bending over slightly more she pressed harder between her legs as she fought against her muscles that were desperately trying to release themselves. A faint sheen of sweat gathering on her forehead and looking at her tea she really needed both hands free or she would soon. Doing some mental calculations, she knew that whatever she drank would barely be having any impact on her by the time she was to be allowed to pee. At the rate she was nearing genuinely having an accident she would have to take the risk and give her the freedom of holding with both hands.

Choking back the lump in her throat and fighting off her gag reflex she tipped the remaining tea from her cup into her mouth, throwing the cup into the recycling bin that was thankfully right next to her.

Next to her Lewis was feeling a little relieved, he had been starting to worry for her. But looking on as she chugged the tea without even being asked to, he was happy to see that she must have been feeling a little better. Sitting must have been helping her after all, she was probably just a little tired.

Oh shit…Mira thought to herself the warm liquid rushing into her stomach and causing cramp after cramp to fly through her tensed body. This was going to be close after all, her confidence slowly eroding. Checking her phone…just 9 minutes…9 minutes…9 minutes she repeated as her second hand joined the first between her tensing legs.

“Hmmmm” She moaned loudly this time as she doubled over, her whole body shaking for a moment. The deep pulses turning into an almost constant spasming from her crotch and bladder. The metal button on her jeans seemingly the centre of all of these sensations as it dug mercilessly into her stretching bladder. Unlike the others that had just been pin prick moments, this one felt very different. Much deeper and lasting much longer than before.

Suddenly her eyes flew open as she exhaled deeply and applied more pressure between her legs. Her control had slipped momentarily because of the spasm, the smallest of leaks had escaped into her underwear. She wanted to check for damage but she feared if she removed her hands now, there would be no stopping the flood about to burst out of her.

“That’ll be 5 more minutes” Lewis announced next to her and she could see why. A passing zoo worker had given her somewhat of a strange look as she passed. But smiling back at her Mira was happy to see her look away and seemingly unconcerned with her behaviour.

Should she say something about just how close she was to losing it… more importantly why was she enjoying it so much though. The giant ball of pee inside her sending waves of pleasure as well as pain around her body with an intensity she had never felt before. No…she could hold it she convinced herself again. It was just a leak, only 12 minutes to go now.

11 minutes…

10 minutes…

9 minutes…

8 minutes…

She mentally counted in her head but just as she was about to reach 7 minutes there it was again, the warm wetness escaping her. Another leak and this time a more substantial one. Pain radiated around her body as she clenched all her muscles as tightly as they would allow. A soft grunt escaping between her pursed lips. Somehow, she had stopped her pee scaping her again. But even as she regained control she could feel her pee soaking into her jeans as she sat there, pooling gently under her as she desperately tried not to squirm but hold it all in. There was no way it was still not visible, the last moment of loss leaving her crotch feeling warm and then cold, a tell tale sign and one very reminiscent of this morning. But she wasn’t stood outside her house now, she was in a very public place.

“Lewis I cant” She said weakly.

“It’s a lovely day isn’t it, perhaps we should find a beer garden to sit out in later” he replied ignoring her squirming and desperate pleas. She didn’t know if he was aware of her condition, or if this was still part of the game.

“MMMM” she whimpered, her knees pressing together as she bowed her head. Her muscles quivering inside her as the tried to keep hold of the remaining ocean inside her. The burning of the muscles that had already failed twice intensifying, her legs jiggling up and down again slightly as she rubbed them together furiously. But looking up again she could see an elderly couple looking her way, that was two more. That was 10 more minutes, 10 more minutes she had to endure.

“Such a shame, you were doing so well." He whispered to her, clearly still thinking she was in control. But he didn’t know what was going on inside her, at the moment 10 seconds felt too long never mind 10 minutes

Lewis I…. she started. But another leak cut her off, the insides of her thighs warming again as the denim continued to absorb the largest leak so far. A few drips leaving her as the rest of it spread across her toned backside, she knew it would be obvious to anyone who saw her what had happened, even if she made it. Part of her wanted to give up, but as she sat there surrounded on all sides by people, there would be no way she could hide what was going to happen. Her aching bladder far to full and troubling her too much for it to be a quick and quiet accident. Her end would not be subtle, but catastrophic and extremely noticeable. She was stuck, there were no good outcomes here.

“On the other hand, looks like rain to me.” Lewis interrupted her moment of panic.

But he wasn’t wrong, as Mira sat there clenching her hand as she gripped onto the cold bars of the uncomfortable bench she felt the first drop of water fall on her hand. Looking up she heard the faintest of rumbles of thunder, more drops beginning to fall onto her face. This could be it, her salvation. Assuming he kept to his word they would be forced to sit out in the rain, it would hide any evidence of her….

“Oh that’s a shame, but we wouldn’t want your clothes getting wet would we.” Lewis said, as he pulled out an umbrella from his bag. Extending the top he placed it between them as the rain started in Ernest, the sound of it hitting the umbrella making her whimper as it also ruled out her only way out. The splashing of the heavy downpour taunting and torturing her bladder as she felt it tremble constantly inside her. A hiss of air constantly escaping between her lips as she breathed carefully, trying not to move too much where she sat.

“10 minutes” Lewis said quietly, but Mira couldn’t take it a moment longer. A fierce burst of wetness shot out from between her clenched muscles, the spray shooting down the insides of both of her legs and making it all the way to her knees. The denim immediately darkening as her clenching muscles forced her pee to erupt out of her. But yet again, with some unknown strength she stopped the flow but for what end.

“Ooooh” she groaned, leaning forwards she placed her hands on her knees and gripped them tightly, flakes of her nail polish imbedding themselves in the fibres of her jeans. Her legs now quivering she opened her eyes, looking directly into Lewis’s she could see his surprised expression as he realised that this was the end for her.

Moments later as her clenched shut in a final desperate attempt to hold on, her control completely disappeared as the drink after drink exploded out of her. Her jeans darkening quickly with a faint hiss audible only to the two of them as those around them had scurried for cover from the rain. Her accident as public as it could get and if anyone looked over they would see the puzzling scene of liquid draining off the metal bench that was completely covered by an umbrella. An odd paradox where the only explanation was that the liquid was coming from somewhere else, indeed as a heavy thudding stream fell beneath her, it could only be coming from one source. The bright red-faced woman panting and rocking on the bench above the deluge of piss currently thundering out of her.

Reaching over she grabbed his arm, her eyes twitching now in relief and pleasure as she acted out one of her most private of fantasies in such a public space. It was beyond anything she could have imagined, the rush, the heat, her head feeling fuzzy and light she couldn’t even remember feeling this way after sex. Her soaked jeans clinging to her, pee rushing down her bent legs and running off the bench they were sat on. The metal bar design thankfully saving her Fiancé from being covered in the massive amount of liquid coming out of her as it fell through the gaps instead of pooling along it.

Panting heavily her heart beat thundered in her ears as for more than a minute she continued to wet herself with tremendous force. The ground beneath the bench seemingly just as wet as the area around them, her large puddle of piss almost indistinguishable from the rain around them having quickly overlapped despite Lewis umbrella.

Finally she felt herself run dry, her whole body shivering in pleasure she kept her eyes closed as she focused on what she was feeling. Faint pangs from her bladder that had been pushed to its absolute capacity.

“Well…I guess we found your limit. We should probably get out of here.” Lewis said next to her, standing and offering her a hand up.

Slowly she rose, her legs feeling like jelly as they linked arms once again and started towards the way out.

“That was amazing” Mira said breathlessly, her head still in the clouds.

“Im glad you enjoyed it, but you know…there is still plenty of time left in the day.” Lewis replied and causing her to smile.

Exiting the zoo she could already feel her bladder filling again, letting him do this today was the best decision she had ever made.

###

Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed it.

A bit less in the way of extreme desperation that ive done in the past, but hopefully still enjoyable .

*005*2021-01-19 15:44

{{1 hour ago, Dwayne said:

I'm amazed! This story feels alive and describes exactly what I would want to do with my girlfriend.

}}

Hey, thank you! yeah I'm glad it came across that in that way, I was definitely trying to make it as realistic as possible but still include enough omo fantasies. It can be a difficult line to walk.

{{1 hour ago, Tellnoone said:

Great story! I was just complaining about how few fictive stories i find (especially couple stories) with a female fetishist as the active part. And then his story came up, a pretty realistic one that focuses almost entirely on the female omo-lover's feelings and desires. Good job there, and well written, i can relate to it.

Also a nice description of the sub/dom play where the sub is the one in focus, in control, having her dreams come true.

}}

Thank you! and totally agree, I've noticed that too including my own stories. I'm glad you enjoyed it and could relate to it, its always fun to know people do.

{{23 hours ago, PrincessPeeach said:

Oh wow, what an amazing story! Loved everything about it. Perfect

}}

Happy you enjoyed it, thank you!

{{On 1/17/2021 at 7:29 PM, yaku25 said:

Awesome story so far! I really like that she doesn’t know the full content of the contract. There were a lot of unexpected twists that gave the whole story a realistic feeling.

}}

Thanks, I should say im not 100% planning a next chapter. I did leave it open ended and have a couple of ideas but they might come at a later date. But thanks for reading!

*008*2021-01-27 20:11

Thank you all for the kind words, they really are appreciated!

Since It seemed to go down so well, If I was to keep this going with another chapter what sort of things would people want to see. I have some ideas of my own but thought it could be fun to open it up to you guys. No guarantees this will turn into anything though, but there are more stories to come anyway.

