The day before lockdown: Margaret

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-01-02 00:47

Margaret laid her empty mug on the coffee table and wrapped up warm to de-ice her car. For the second time this year she faced her final day of work before lockdown and she needed to make it count. Government support was better than nothing but didn’t fully compensate for all she could be making as a busy driving instructor. She’d changed career late in life after the kids had grown up and her beloved husband had died. Driving had always been her escape but she hadn’t realised how much it would help her overcome the horrendous loneliness that had overwhelmed her so often. The thought of another few months in lockdown was depressing but there was nothing she could do about it.

Scraping ice off her windows she looked forward to at least getting some company in her own car for a while. She just hoped the roads would be gritted as some of her clients today were definitely not confident to drive on slippery surfaces. Wondering if she should pop back into the house for one final toilet trip she decided time wasn’t on her side and she wasn’t really needing yet anyway.

By the end of her first lesson she was already wondering if that was a good choice since the mug of tea was certainly making its presence known in her body. By the end of the second lesson at 11:15 she was already thinking where might be open on route to the next client’s house. Finding nowhere easily accessible so plodded on and picked up Mrs Clappington. As always she was full of news of the village and political rants and before she knew it Margaret was dropping her back home an hour later having at least got her to stop talking long enough to learn how to reverse around a corner successfully.

By now Margaret always scheduled a break where she headed home for a warm cuppa and a quick sandwich for lunch but with this being the last day (again) before lockdown she was far too busy to stop. She did at least manage to open a bottle of water and drink some to help keep her going. As she screwed the lid back on and placed the bottle in the door storage Margaret shifted in her seat as her bladder reminded her it needed emptied. Checking her diary Margaret smiled at the realisation she was due to pick up Samuel next for a double lesson.

One of her favourite current clients he was a lovely older man just a few years younger than herself who had decided learning to drive would make seeing his son only at university easier. Like her he admitted one day that lockdown had been hard for him living alone. That wasn’t the only thing they had in common either as both were more on the larger side too, both had older grown up children and when the radio played quietly one day ‘Bridge over troubled water’ by Simon and Garfunkel and Samuel hummed along Margaret couldn’t help but smile.

The only awkward thing today was that all the usual places Margaret could stop at for a quick toilet break were all closed. The library was a common one but it hadn’t reopened since the first lockdown. The petrol station she already knew no longer allowed customers to use their bathroom because of the virus and her final thought, the big supermarket, had a long socially distanced queue just to get in. As she pulled up and parked outside Samuel’s a fleeting thought passed through Margaret’s mind. Maybe she could ask Samuel if she could use his bathroom? Quickly dismissing that as far too forward she tooted her horn and squeezed her muscles as she waited on Samuel coming out to the car.

‘Hi, you suit that dress! How are you doing?’

Margaret smiled as Sam climbed into the drivers seat. Pushing her flowery dress down over her knees she replied,

‘Oh thanks. I’ve had this one for many years but decided since it was my last day today it would be nice to wear a dress for once. I’m fine. What about you? When you are ready and you feel it’s safe if you want to pull out and turn left at the first junction please.’

Watching Samuel adjust the seat, check his mirrors, signal, and slowly manoeuvre the car out, Margaret wriggled on the seat beside him as he casually replied that he was well. As he concentrated on driving Margaret watched him closely whilst crossing her legs at her ankles and tensing her upper leg muscles, thankful he didn’t require her to use the duel controls. She hoped Samuel would understand but she intended on taking him a tour of anywhere she could think that might have a toilet she could use, even if that meant having to drive past her own house, which she never ever revealed to clients for her own safety.

As Samuel hesitantly turned left Margaret wriggled more and leaned forwards. Hoping he didn’t notice anything wrong she took a breath then gave him his next instruction.

‘Carry on straight until the next roundabout. I want you to bear in mind that there could be black ice and remember all the hazards we spoke about previously: pedestrians, cyclists, animals and other unexpected hazards. You are doing great though. Well done.’

‘Next stop’, she thought to herself, is the big retail park with the huge Tesco. I’ll say we are practicing parking then run in and use the toilets.

Samuel drove steadily and carefully as Margaret continued to direct him to the retail park as she wriggled more in her chair, hoping Samuel couldn’t see.

‘If you could take the first left at the roundabout please Samuel.’

‘Into the retail park?’

‘Emmm. Yes. I thought it would be good practice to try parking today.’

Samuel indicated but seemed hesitant and nervous which only served to increase Margaret’s desire to find a bathroom. Trying to remain calm, patient, and professional she smiled, encouraged him and spoke gently.

‘Watch the roundabout carefully. Remember what we talked about at previous roundabouts. Look for a safe gap and pay attention to all the vehicles as they move around and indicate. If one vehicle indicates to come off at the junction you are on then you know they will block the others coming on and you can go. Look see how that just happened with that red van? Don’t be hurried and only go when you feel confident.’

Inside Margaret longed to take over, even considering utilising the duel controls but she knew this would panic Samuel and that was the last thing she wanted to do. Leaning forward again she tapped a leg in frustration and desperation as Samuel finally found the courage to enter the roundabout and take the turning for the park. As he followed the road around, stalling twice at speed bumps because he’d never done them before, Margaret wanted to cry. Not only would it take Samuel an age to park the car but she could already see as they drove nearer the entrance that Tesco had a long queue outside due to restrictions too. Sighing she bounced in her seat and tried to think where else might have a loo she could use. Forgetting Samuel didn’t know where to go she was surprised to see him indicate and turn down a dead end lane in the car park.

‘Where are you going Samuel?’

‘I was looking for a space to park in. You said I was to try parking.’

Not wanting to say she had forgotten she turned in her seat to help hold her bladder and looked around.

‘If you head up to the end of the row Samual where there’s more empty spaces then try driving into one. I’ll keep you right.’

It took Samuel three pain staking agonising attempts to park between the lines, by which time Margaret was sweating and very antsy. Finding herself getting uncharacteristically grumpy with a very uncomfortably full bladder Margaret finally directed Samuel to reverse out the space and head back to the roundabout as she realised there was a Costa Coffee close by and she could run and use the bathrooms there. She had to be extra patient as Samuel lost his nerve once again at the roundabout and stalled the car just as he could have gone, much to Margaret’s annoyance. As she sighed audibly Samual seemed to sense something was wrong.

‘Sorry. I’m so nervous today and I keep making mistakes. Are you angry with me?’

‘No. No. It’s not you Samuel. It’s just...it’s just the traffic seems heavier than I anticipated and I shouldn’t have brought you out this way quite so soon. You are doing so well though. I tell you what, let’s pull in at the coffee place along here and take a minute to talk about how you are doing. How does that sound?’

‘Ok’

‘Take the first exit here. Then at the next roundabout it’s straight ahead. You think you can manage that? Remember left lane for straight ahead and wait until you feel ready.’

Margaret glanced at the road and then Samuel, who was concentrating hard. Bunching up her dress she made a fist with her hand and pressed between her legs hoping he wouldn’t see. She desperately needed him to get her to the coffee shop before her bladder burst. Tapping her flat black shoes on the car floor she fidgeted as Samuel drove. Finally he pulled into the drive through and she sensed his anxiety once again.

‘Do you want me to try parking again?’

‘Yes please. Make sure you have plenty of space, turn wide and drive slowly in, like we just practiced at Tesco.’

Samuel passed three available spaces near the door and headed right to the furthest away part of the car park where there were more free spaces. While Margaret knew this was sensible her bladder ached and she wished Samuel could have been much nearer the shop. Finally he pulled in and put the car in neutral, though he wasn’t straight or far enough forwards.

‘Turn off the engine would you please Samuel. Thanks.’

Opening her door Margaret noticed the front wheel was over the yellow line but as an urgent wave of need hit her she had to grab between her legs as she faced away from Samuel.

‘You are errr, not very straight Samuel but if you would just excuse me for a moment I’ll be right back!’

Closing the door Margaret walked briskly towards the entrance, grimacing in desperation. Pushing the front door and finding it locked she wanted to cry. Then seeing a note on the door she signed and gasped.

‘Drive through only due to current Covid restrictions. Thank you for your understanding.’

Racing back to the car Margaret wished she was alone and not with a client, especially Samuel. Climbing back in Samuel looked her right in the eye.

‘Is everything ok?’

‘Yes....actually no. Can I reschedule your lesson until after lockdown? It’s just that something very urgent has come up and I need to head home. I won’t charge you for this lesson. Is that ok?’

‘Are you ok Margaret? Nothing serious has happened has it?’

‘Not yet but it will very very soon. Do you know the way from here back to your house or do you need me to direct? I am very sorry about this. It’s an emergency unfortunately.’

Despondently Samuel replied, ‘I know the way.’

Unable to sit still at all, but trying nonetheless, Margaret wriggled and bounced as her face reddened. Samuel started the car again, slowly reversed out the parking bay and headed back out to the main road. Sitting at a red traffic light he looked over at Margaret who had one knee bent inwards and a hand rubbing her thigh.

‘I’m a good listener if you need someone to talk to.’

Margaret moaned before replying.

‘I know. It’s just a very private matter. You know, personal.’

‘I understand’

Ten frantic minutes later Samuel parked outside his home and turned the engine off. Undoing his seatbelt he looked over at Margaret who hadn’t spoken since the traffic lights as she now sat very awkwardly with her thighs tight together and leaning forwards. Samuel thought how beautiful she looked again in her floral dress, her fuller curvy figure the very type he enjoyed. Sensing her tension he rested a hand on her upper leg as he said goodbye.

‘I’ve never seen you like this Margaret. I hope you’ll be ok.’

Flushed, beyond desperate and feeling dribbles in her underpants, Margaret gasped and pressed a fist in her crotch. Muttering to herself, forgetting how close Samuel was, she finally let her guard down.

‘Once I finally get to pee I’ll be fine. I can’t hold this any more. I really can’t.’

‘Oh Margaret! Why ever didn’t you say! Come into mine for goodness sake and use my toilet! Was that why you rushed out at the coffee place?’

Nodding embarrassingly with both fists now between her legs and rocking on the seat pressing against her hands Margaret muttered breathlessly.

‘Yes. Yes it was. Sane at Tesco. I was bursting before I even picked you up!’

Racing around to the passenger side Samuel opened the passenger door and put his hand out to help his driving instructor out. But as Margaret stood up, and before Samuel could even close her door, a loud whoosh caused them both to look right at each other. With tearful eyes Margaret sucked her upper lip.

Urine rolled out between Margaret’s legs dampening her flowery dress and soaking her nude tights. A large steaming puddle formed on the cold car park as Margaret stood still peeing. Samuel stood open mouthed, his hand still holding Margaret’s arm where he had helped her stand up.

‘Gosh you sure needed that!’

Margaret nodded silently while Samuel looked at his watch.

Quietly he whispered to Margaret,

‘I know we’re not meant to have others come into our house but I reckon this is an emergency. My lesson has another hour and 15 minutes to go. I can wash and dry your clothes for you if you want to come in?’

‘Yes please.’

‘Woukd you like a cuppa while you wait?’

‘That sound amazing. Thank you.’

*004*2021-01-02 14:44

{{11 hours ago, The Shark said:

Love love LOVED this! Amazing story! You seriously have a talent with this sort of writing! Excellent work!

}}

Aww thank you. I love writing and tend to write these while I have a very full bladder myself so I can empathise with the characters as much as possible.

*006*2021-01-02 22:15

{{1 hour ago, wannawatch said:

Can't wait to read your next story..and wishing you a ot of fun writing it !!

}}

Working on the next one right now. This may be the last in this series or I might get inspiration for more. Definitely open to suggestions

