Kaguya wants to Pee: A Genius' War of Love and Piss

Author: Maniack

*000*2020-07-25 02:27

I thought to myself a couple days ago "Man, I sure wish there were some Kaguya pee fanfics." And thus, I made one. This Fic takes place ambiguously after the second season ends.

The 68th Shuchiin academy student council were going about their after-school day much as they usually do. President Miyuki Shirogane, Vice President Kaguya Shinomiya, auditor Miko Iino, and Treasurer Yu Ishigami were doing work of various degrees of importance. Or at least, they were pretending to. Ishigami was playing games, Iino was pretending to work so she had an excuse to stay in the student council, whereas Shirogane and Shinomiya both had the same thought going through their mind.

“I want to see him vulnerable!” She thought.

“I want to see her vulnerable!” He thought.

Shinomiya and Shirogane have gotten to know each other very well over their time in the student council, their love for each other blooming over the time they’ve spent with each other. One thing they knew about each other is that they both wore masks. Both Shirogane and Shinomiya both had a great pressure to keep a strong visage in public: Shinomiya due to her family, Shirogane because of his pressure to be the best. To this extent, they both very strongly wished to see each other let down their guard and show their vulnerable side. Over the time of being in the student council, one thing that they had learned is that it was very hard to get either of them to falter.

The love birds thus had their minds occupied with trying to think of some scheme to see each other in a more vulnerable state. As their minds span to find an idea, the student council’s very own natural disaster burst through the door with an excited face. Secretary Chika Fujiwara kicked the door open, drawing the attention of the rest of the student council with the noise of her entrance. In her arms she carried with herself a set of glasses and a wooden box.

“Everyone! Let’s play a game!” Fujiwara gleefully shouted to the rest of the student council.

Immediately three of the others in the room tried their best to hide their fear. Shinomiya, Shirogane, and Ishigami knew all too well that Secretary Fujiwara’s games were often the creation of the strange minds of the tabletop gaming club, and more often than not had such absurd rules and gameplay that it made the games nearly torture to play them. Iino however had not yet been disillusioned by Fujiwara, and seeing her beloved senpai enter and ask to play a game, her face brightened up and she gladly walked over to Fujiwara and spoke.

“Fujiwara senpai! I’d love to play a game! What are we playing?”

“Iino-san, you haven’t played many of the games that Fujiwara-senpai brings in, but they usually have some trick to it that lets Fujiwara cheat, or just is some horribly designed mess,” Ishigami said, and began to list off all the previous games that Fujiwara punished the student council with, focusing on the balloon incident that Iino herself had experienced.

“Ishigami is right. Secretary Fujiwara, your games are usually something strange, if you want us to play the game, you’ll have to tell us what the game is first,” President Shirogane added.

“Aww c'mon! This game isn’t even anything with weird rules! It’s just a regular old game of cards with a bit of an added twist!” Fujiwara explained as she pouted

“Oh? And what would this twist be Fujiwara-san?” Kaguya said, deciding to give Fujiwara even the slightest benefit of the doubt.

“We play poker! Instead of money or anything, we bet with water! Whoever loses has to drink the water bet against them!” Fujiwara said, placing five glasses on the table, opening up the box to show a deck of cards.

“What’s the lose condition?” Ishigami asked, wary of Fujiwara’s idea of a punishment

“It’s a test of endurance! We see who can last the longest without giving up!” Fujiwara said.

Most of the student council didn’t seem too interested in this idea. Ishigami and Shirogane continued to complain about previous games, whereas Iino was blushing as she complained about this degenerate game. As everyone sat complaining, Kaguya was hit with an epiphany. This was her perfect opportunity to get the president in a vulnerable position. Kaguya was quite confident in her willpower, and many times her schedule as a Shinomiya had to be out and about for a long time, all while drinking tea. She felt she could outlast anyone here in this room. At this, she stepped forward.

“I think that sounds interesting, doing this could really help us focus in difficult times. I’m willing to give it a try so long as the winner doesn’t get a strange title like pee queen,” Kaguya said, harkening back to when she was dubbed muscle queen. Iino continued to complain, but after a soft smile from Kaguya, and Fujiwara patting her head in encouragement, Iino began to cave to peer pressure again.

Shirogane almost protested this, but very quickly came to the same conclusion that Kaguya did, himself also being confident in his durability.

“I agree, training focus can be very useful while studying. But first...” Shirogane got up after speaking, and walked over to the box with the cards, and took the deck out.

“Shinomiya, if you would,” He said, handing the cards to Kaguya. Kaguya then proceeded to walk over to a trash can, and summarily throw the deck into the trash. She then walked over to the bookcase and pulled out a fresh-sealed pack of cards. Fujiwara was pouting at this, then Kaguya spoke.

“We had this prepared in case you wanted to play cards again, to make sure that you couldn’t get up to any cheating again,” Kaguya said while Fujiwara was trying to whistle in innocence.

Sad that she Had Been called out, but happy to get the game started, Fujiwara then ran back out again, returning shortly with 5 large pitchers of nice cool water, and one empty pitcher, and set them on the table. The student council then sat down and arranged themselves. Shirogane across from Kaguya and next to Iino, with Ishigami on Kaguya’s left, and Fujiwara on Kaguya’s right. To keep it fair, and avoid anyone cheating, it was agreed upon that the one dealing the cards each time round would change. The rules of the game were as follows: there was a center pitcher, wherein the players would place their “bets”. If someone folded, they would have to drink a quarter of a glass, if the bets continued and they lost the card, anyone who lost would have to split the water in the center pitcher. If all but one folded, all those who folded would also split the center pitcher.

With the rules being set out, the game began. At first the card game being played is Texas holdem. The group began to play. At first everyone played fairly conservatively, betting smaller amounts of water, and began working to try and read their fellow student council members. The hardest to read of course was Kaguya herself, having been training her whole life to put on a mask. Ishigami looked about the same no matter what his hand was: slightly depressed and negative. Shirogane constantly had his characteristic glare on his face, but upon closer look one could begin to see tells. Kaguya paid extra attention to Shirogane’s face, and his to hers, causing each other to glance away whenever they caught a glance of each other. Fujiwara was an avatar of chaos, and utterly unpredictable to all the others. Unfortunately, it soon became obvious that Iino was a completely open book, showing on her face fairly obviously whenever she had a bad or good hand.

Forty minutes later, everyone in the group had drunk at least 3 full glasses, with Iino leading having already drunk a full six glasses. There were a few signs of desperation happening to some members of the student council. Iino was wiggling in her seat, rubbing her thighs together a little bit as time went on, still focusing strongly on the game, and Ishigami had his legs crossed. The other members showed no signs of their need to pee, but they all certainly were feeling it. Kaguya was already feeling pangs in her bladder, but she knew Shirogane was likely looking to see her vulnerable as much as she wanted to see him desperate. Eventually a topic of conversation began to pick up between the council members. Fujiwara spoke first.

“Anyone else starting to feel the need to pee?” She said with a devilish grin, perhaps in an attempt to weaken the other competitors. To try and hit this home she wiggled her legs in a bit of a dance.

“I’m doing quite alright Fujiwara-san,” Kaguya spoke, and everyone else agreed with this, though Iino was a bit less believable in this given her obvious need to pee.

“Secretary Fujiwara, what made you come up with this game? It seems a bit irregular as far as the games you usually bring to us”. Shirogane asked.

“Well prez, the tabletop gaming club was meeting to continue working on this game we were making. We had some help from the mass media club’s Erika, and we began playing with the cards that we were making for the game. We were having a hard time trying to balance it, and by the time we finished, Erika really had to pee. One of our bathrooms were broken, and Moeha was in the other. We tried to keep playing to get her mind off, but it got so bad that eventually Erika had to pee into a cup we had! She almost spilled it everywhere.” Fujiwara explained in far greater detail than necessary.

“We didn’t need to know all of the details Secretary Fujiwara, you could have just said that you had a similar experience,” Shirogane explained, with a bit of a blush on his face given the too much information

“One interesting thing is that scientists have generally regarded urine as completely sterile, but recently it has been discovered that there is a very small amount of bacteria inside urine. That means that drinking urine probably isn’t as safe as previously thought,” Ishigami said with a bit of eagerness to his voice. Immediately after that though, all the girls gave him a side glance.

“Ishigami-kun, we knew you liked different things than us but I didn’t know you were into that,” Fujiwara said in a teasing voice.

“Of course you would,” Iino said with a blush. With the girls turned against him, Ishigami realized that he had spoken far more than he needed to. He opened his mouth as if to say something, but knowing how these sort of things usually go. He simply stood up, grabbed his bag and began to leave.

“I’ll just go home now,” Ishigami said with a depressed voice, at which Shirogane talked after him.

“See you tomorrow Ishigami, don’t do anything rash,” he said.

With Ishigami leaving, Fujiwara took this opportunity to quickly redistribute Ishigami’s pitcher to the rest of the group, leaving everyone with around half a pitcher filled with water. As she sat back down, she froze for a second as she felt a wave of desperation, fighting back the urge to pee as she shook her bladder with movement. When Ishigami left, Iino felt less self-conscious about herself, and was currently holding her crotch, bobbing her legs slightly. Meanwhile Kaguya and the President were still sitting strong, with barely a hint on their faces. Kaguya’s thighs were, however, tightly pressed together, and as the moving of water happened, she touched her left cheek with her right hand.

Unbeknownst to the rest of the group, she was feeling quite desperate having drank coffee before this experiment, she was filling up faster than expected. Kaguya was steeled to continue on this trial, she knew she wanted to see the president in a vulnerable position. President Shirogane himself was still quite comfortable. He of course made no effort to stop this fight between the women of the student council. He couldn’t risk himself getting desperate. If he were, he had no doubt Kaguya would have something to say like “Ara Ara President, only drinking this much water is enough to make you feel that desperate? How cute.” This was a future Shirogane had to avoid at all costs.

The reason behind President Shirogane’s great bladder strength came from the results of his afterschool life. Shirogane often worked jobs, and any time he spent in the bathroom was time spent not earning money. This holding was reinforced at home, as his sister Kei was in her rebellious phase, she would often spend long periods of time in the bathroom tending to herself, leaving Shirogane with no option but to wait. On top of this, Shirogane spent many late nights studying, fueling himself with coffee. In his miniscule apartment, going to the bathroom could wake up his dad or sister, and he did not want to experience Kei’s rage by waking her up. This has caused the President to be very fortuitous, in a way that was coming in handy during this time.

Thus the competition continued. Without a fifth player to help divide out the punishment, Fujiwara and Iino were having a difficult time dealing with the poker—or at least poker face—experts in the President and Kaguya, causing the two of them to drink far less than Fujiwara or Iino. Fujiwara, ever eager to win at the cost of those around her, began to take advantage of Iino’s poor poker face. Whenever Fujiwara saw Iino’s face glow bright at her hand, she would quickly fold, and if Iino’s hand was obviously not very good, Fujiwara would pretend to have an obviously rough hand, causing Iino to bet more, and therefore become a bigger loser when she did end up losing.

As time went on, the competitors naturally became more and more desperate. At this point Iino was holding her crotch and squeezing her legs together constantly, every once in a while letting out a small gasp as she held herself. While she tried her best to be ladylike around the others, it was becoming more and more difficult to keep her need to pee hidden. With this display and with her certainly having drank the most water, it was clear that Iino was holding on with all her might. She might’ve given up already if Fujiwara weren’t cheering her on (probably to ensure that Fujiwara did not end up the biggest loser).

Fujiwara was hardly trying to hide her need to pee, rubbing her legs together, crossing them, bouncing herself up and down, causing her large breasts to bounce around, leaving the one boy in the room to have a very difficult finding a good spot to rest his eyes upon. To Kaguya’s mind filled to the brim with trying not to pee, and trying to keep her face stable as possible, this flagrant display of femininity was an affront to Kaguya and all she stood for. It was OBVIOUS that Fujiwara was trying to distract the President with her body fit for a sow, drawing attention away from Kaguya’s small chest. How dare this tainted creature try and spread her corruption!

With this angry delusion burning in her stressed mind, and feeling a little sad for Iino, decided to bring her full poker might down upon the pig Fujiwara. She began to give subtle hints to Fujiwara whenever the big-breasted insect looked at her, bending the lesser mind to Kaguya’s will. With her original goal half forgotten, this led to President Shirogane having to drink fairly little as the girls were either waging war at each other, or in the case of Iino, simply trying not to wet herself.

Soon enough, all pitchers were empty. With the competition still wanting to continue, Fujiwara stood up and began grabbing pitchers.

“I’ll get more water for us! The rest of you wait here!” Fujiwara said, her hips wiggling back and forth as she stood up, obviously bursting for a pee. Kaguya, not trusting Fujiwara for even a second stood up as well.

“I shall help you Fujiwara-san, it will make the trip easier if you don’t have to carry all the pitchers,” Kaguya said standing up and carefully picking up two of the pitchers. Fujiwara faltered a bit at this, obviously having intended to be up to no good when she left. Knowing what would happen if she were to argue and get caught, Fujiwara submitted to Kaguya coming with her.

The two then started going on the short walk to where they could fill up their pitchers. Fujiwara walked with all the grace of a drunk chicken, wiggling around and rubbing her legs together constantly as she walked, sometimes taking a short break to give herself a little bit of a squeeze. Kaguya on the other hand still kept a lady-like grace to herself as she walked. This was however her simply hiding it. The entire time she was walking Kaguya had her thighs squeezed tightly together, trying desperately to keep pressure on her crotch as she walked. Filling the pitchers was a struggle, even Kaguya had to take a second to grip herself through her dress, thankfully the school was empty this time of day, so there were no one here to see either of the women at their weakest. As they began to make their desperate walk back, Fujiwara posed a question to Kaguya.

“Geeze, Kaguya-san, I think I leaked a little bit when we were filling up that water. Are you sure your panties are still dry?” Fujiwara asked

“Fujiwara san, it’s not appropriate to talk about such things as openly as that,” Kaguya responded to the pig, but recalling her own struggle, she did add “but I assure you, my underwear is still quite dry.” A statement that was not entirely convincing even to herself.

“I thought this would be a great time to see prez be weak! He’s always acting so tough around us. I thought this would be perfect for seeing more of him, but he’s doing so well!” Fujiwara said, pouting as the duo continued to waddle back to the student council room. Kaguya then remembered why she kept Fujiwara near her. Though sometimes she is a pig, Fujiwara truly understands Kaguya. With her spirit calmed they two re-entered the student council room, finding Shirogane sitting with his legs light crossed, looking a bit awkward as sitting next to him was Iino with both hands holding her crotch tightly. As the two entered, both looked up, and just as Iino looked about ready to give up, Fujiwara slammed down the pitchers and sat down. Picking up cards, and quickly dealt hands and began to play again before Iino could object. Iino sighed, and the game picked up again.

It wasn’t very long into this bout of playing before everyone had degraded even further. Iino was holding on by a string, panting, barely able to even say that she folded her hand before having to focus herself on her bladder. She was only kept here by Fujiwara’s constant hurling of compliments and encouragement. Fujiwara herself was losing all sense of femininity or care, sometimes putting her hands up her skirt to hold herself, thankfully most being blocked by the table from Shirogane’s eyes.

Once during play Fujiwara gasped sharply, before almost without shame announcing to the group that she had let out another small leak. But then assured everyone she could still hold it. Kaguya noticed Fujiwara shaking her hand as she picked up the next set of cards. Kaguya had turned to holding herself with one hand while playing with the other, glad her embarrassing situation being hidden from sight by the table. Difficulty came when she had to perform her routine to try and keep herself stable.

About five minutes after this, there was a pause in the conversation and playing as everyone gathered themselves for the next round. Though as the silence overtook the student council, a soft sound caught the ears of everyone there. A soft hissing was heard for two seconds, followed by a sharp gasp. The student council froze as they glanced at each other’s faces, before everyone’s eyes rested on Iino’s face. She was beet red, and tears were welling up in her eyes. Everyone’s eyes then quickly went to her crotch. Thankfully for Iino’s dignity, wearing her dress long hid her little accident from view, the evidence luckily not showing on her stockings

“I can’t take it anymore!” Iino states as she leapt up off of her seat on the couch and rushed out. Left behind on her seat and a bit on her butt was a small wet spot. As she ran down the hall, Fujiwara herself was breathing heavily. The empathy of her cute kouhai letting out a lengthy spurt was weighing heavily on her, emotionally and physically. Kaguya, seeing this dilemma. Calmly started to speak.

“My my Fujiwara-san, I think you should check up on Iino. You’ve been teasing her this whole game, it’s only fair to help her out if you caused her to experience an unfortunate incident.” Fujiwara, taking this hint and opportunity, quickly nodded and ran out the door, herself likely about to spring a leak.

“It appears we are the only two left. I’m willing to call it a draw if you are Shinomiya-san,” Shirogane said, looking desperate, but likely far less than any other contestant. The reason Shirogane gave up his goal was a mercy. Though most of the time Kaguya’s emotions were an enigma to him, he knew her well enough to tell that she was struggling to hold on. While he wanted little more than to see her in a vulnerable position, he did not want to see it at the cost of Kaguya’s dignity. He would rather him see her vulnerable under better conditions.

“I agree President, this was a silly contest anyways.” Kaguya’s words though were a farce of her true emotions, as she once again was performing her routine. Kaguya was on the very brink. When she had heard the soft hiss of Iino’s pee, Kaguya had momentarily lost the strength to hold on, and had leaked some pee into her own panties. Through her great strength she was able to regain control with only leaking for less than half a second. She could feel the wet warmth on her crotch telling her that she was near the very limit of her strength. She could feel her bladder and nether-regions throbbing in desperation. Her thighs were squeezed together as hard as she could manage, and her hand was putting pressure on her crotch in a very un-ladylike way. Reeling internally from her momentary loss of control, she had given up her original goal, and now was simply trying not to flood her panties in front of her love.

“You may go to the bathroom first Shinomiya,” Shirogane said “I shall tidy up” Shirogane stood up, and began to gather the cards and cups together. Kaguya nodded at this, not willing to try and argue under the current conditions, and gently stood up from the couch, trying discretely to hold her crotch as she stood. This however was a mistake, as when Kaguya exerted the effort to stand up, another spurt of pee released from her. This one was a bit longer than her first leak, and had gone beyond the capacity that her panties could hold.

Her pee continued on to begin to dampen her dress and fingers holding herself, causing her to almost gasp in surprise. As she stopped the flow again, she could feel drops began to work their way down her thighs. Kaguya stole a quick glance towards her legs, and thankfully she couldn’t see any liquid running down them yet, the drops being stopped further up on her thighs She hoped the President didn’t hear any sound from her as she let out the softest of squeals as she tried her hardest to remain in control.

Having regained her inner composure, Kaguya began to walk slowly out of the student council room. Halfway out though, a wave of desperation caught Kaguya by surprise, and she began leaking again. This time for a whole second as a jet of urine burst forcefully into her already sodden panties. Her dress and hand caught most of it, but now Kaguya could see a small trail working it’s way beneath her skirt, stopping just short of her socks. Her hand felt extremely wet and warm, and with this Kaguya knew that she had no hope of truly hiding any evidence of this. She had to resist the urge to shake her hand out, as if she did not only would the president see her shaking away some liquid--which would of course be known as pee-- she knew that if she took her hand away that more urine would join what was already on her clothes.

Kaguya almost began running out the door as fast as she could, but in the next second, she came to a grim realization: she knew she couldn’t make it to the bathroom. It was a terrible choice between either peeing herself in the hall somewhere/ where someone could see, or peeing herself right in front of the president. Tears began to well up in her eyes as she knew what decision she had to take. No routine could save her from what was happening.

“Kaguya, what’s wrong?” the president spoke. With her back turned to him, she replied.

“P-President… D-Don’t look!”

Stubbornly trying as hard as she might to hold back the deluge yearning to burst out, Kaguya felt her strength depart from her. In the silent student council room, a sound could be heard: “Psssh… Pssssssssh…. Pssssssssssh”. Kaguya Shinomiya had begun to wet herself. She felt herself peeing full force into her panties, the wet warmth almost immediately overfilling the material and beginning to spread, first onto her skirt and hand, before once again filling over that and pouring down her thighs into her socks and shoes. As she continued, she lifted her dress away from her crotch a little bit in a vain attempt to limit the damage on her dress.

This instead caused her pee to also start falling directly down from her, creating a waterfall of warm urine that overpowered the soft hissing with a muted pattering as it poured onto the rapidly dampening carpet beneath her. Kaguya couldn’t muster up a sound as she could feel her stream pouring out of her. The student council room was in a dead silence, aside from the noises from the torrent of liquid erupting from Kaguya.Tears began to run down her face as pee ran down her thighs. She could feel a wet warmth filling her socks and shoes as she continued to unleash her flood. Kaguya’s legs trembled as she let out all the pee she accumulated over this trial and out the day, a torrent of emotions also working their way into her mind. Her worry overtaking her mind was: what would the president think.

As soon as she could, Kaguya wrestled control back from her bladder, but the damage was already done. Her lower half was absolutely soaked, her dress had a large wet patch in the front, and there was a large dark spot beneath her on the red carpet that showed where her pee had come to rest. Kaguya began to sob gently, sniffling as she tried fruitlessly to hold back her tears. She had to face her reality, so she slowly turned herself around, her shoes squishing slightly as she did. She turned to face Shirogane, drops still dripping from her dress and in between her thighs and saw him frozen in place, still in the middle of cleaning up, eyes wide as he was unable to tear his eyes away from what had unfolded. Tears began to flow down her face with greater strength as she spoke with a choked voice.

“P-President, please don’t think less of me… it was an accident, it will never happen again”. At this Miyuki Shirogane quickly stood up and walked over to Kaguya. She closed her eyes, in anticipation of what the President would say to her. She didn’t know if she could handle what was about to happen. But she soon felt two hands on her shoulders. Kaguya opened her eyes and found Shirogane staring her right in the eyes with his eyes showing a kindness and worry that soothed Kaguya.

“Kaguya, no matter what happens, no matter how many times you pee yourself in front of me, you’re my vice president, and more than that. I will never think worse of you,” Shirogane said, a kindness in his voice, and a blush on his face. As he did this, a wave of relief stronger than that of when she wet herself came over Kaguya, her fears immediately blown away by her crush in front of her. Overtaken by this relief, she didn’t notice that her lower half was also overtaken by relief, as her strong emotions had caused her to let out the last of the pee inside her.

At first neither of the two noticed, but as Kaguya felt warmth enveloping her lower half again, her blush intensified and she broke eye contact with the President. As Shirogane heard the pattering noise start back up, he turned and stepped away, a blush burning on his face, but he comforting hand still on her shoulder. The pee poured out of Kaguya again, but this time she couldn’t be damned to stop herself, having averted her worst nightmare. She continued to pee herself for fifteen seconds more before she was finally empty. The stream turned to but a small trickle, before finally the streams running their course all down Kaguya’s lower half stopped, leaving nothing but last drops falling from her sodden clothes.

“I… I’m done,” Kaguya softly spoke, trying not to convey her embarrassment “Could you get me my bag, I have my gym clothes today I could change into.” Shirogane nodded, and quickly grabbed her bag. Reading the mood, he also opened the bookcase into the back room of the student council, handing Kaguya a plastic bag and a towel for her.

Kaguya squished her way into the back room, leaving behind some more wet spots on the floor as she did and closed the door behind her. Kaguya took a second to inspect the damage. The front of her skirt was soaked very visible where her crotch would be, with a smaller, but still very visible wet spot on her butt where the pee had spread. Her socks were one hundred percent soaked, and her shoes felt as if she had just stepped into a large puddle. She quickly began to undress, placing her very wet socks and shoes into the plastic bag. She then stripped off her dress, leaving now a small draft to cool her lower extremities.

She peeled off her wet black panties from her lower half, and blushed to herself as she saw the frilly black material near completely darkened, and saw the drips falling from the crotch and rear. She felt more naked than she ever had before now that all she had on was her bra, and on the other side of the door was her beloved. She was thankful that the pee couldn’t spread to her top half as well. She quickly shook this thought out of her mind, and began wiping herself down with the towel. Having finished, she then put on her gym clothes, lamenting at how she had to go without panties, but glad to not be having to wear something wet. Wanting to not stick around, she also sent a text to Hayasaka to get ready for her to leave. She emerged from the back room to find Shirogane cleaning up.

“S… Sorry about the mess,” Kaguya quietly chirped.

“The student council room has seen far worse,” Shirogane comforted “ There won’t be any sign of any of this when I’m done, and if anyone asks, in my hurry to leave I knocked over some of the pitchers onto you Shinomiya,” Shirogane explained, giving a warm smile “Go ahead and leave, I can take care of this.”

Kaguya nodded, and feeling tired from her ordeal, Kaguya exited the student council room, and sneakily made her way out of the school, being careful not to be spotted by anyone who would ask why she changed clothes, and why she’s carrying a plastic bag with some clothes in it. As she left and passed by the bathroom, her keen eye could see a wet spot or two near the bathroom. It appears either Iino or Fujiwara also had a bit of trouble. Soon she met up with Hayasaka, and quietly climbed into her car and began to drive away. Hayasaka immediately had a suspicious look on her face.

“Mistress Kaguya, what’s in the bag, and why are you now wearing your gym clothes?”

“N-No reason! Secretary Fujiwara had us play a strange game, and I had to change due to it,” Kaguya said, technically not lying. Before she could react, Hayasaka deftly snatched the bag from her hands, and gazed into the bag, seeing a wet towel, and a very pee-soaked pair of wet panties.

“My my, if you wanted to flirt with the president and give him a new fetish, there are far simpler ways to do so” Hayasaka teased in her deadpan voice.

“Hayasaka!!” Kaguya complained.

Todays results: Shinomiya and Shirogane win. They saw each other vulnerable and have grown closer.

Let me know if there's any criticism to improve.

