DDLC Monika - Just Made It

Author: MaskedOmo

*000*2021-10-31 11:10

Just Made It - Monika (DDLC)

The player sat in their desk and waited patiently for the girls to enter. Although, it was as if the classroom had become a ghost town, and nobody was there. Apart from the empty desks, nothing unfamiliar or amiss. Perhaps I'm just early, the player thought. Suddenly, Monika burst into the room, with a worried look on her face. Not even an evil smirk was upon her face this time. The player knew that every time the game was played, Monika would delete the others and try to seduce the player into loving just her - but this time, it was different. The class was perfectly fine and not glitched, and Monika was not smiling.

"What's wrong, Monika?" The player asked.

"Uh... N-N-Nothing..." Monika sheepishly replied, looking down.

"Why haven't you glitched the room yet?" The player bravely asked.

"Y-You knew?" Monika asked, in shock.

"Every time I reset the game, yes." The player replied cautiously, just in case.

"Oh, well then, I guess I can tell you the truth." Monika took a chair and sat next to the player.

"Okay, go on..." The player ushered.

"You know about the glitch and all the code? Well, I got the AI mixed up, creating a much creepier and darker version of me" Monika whispered into the player's ear.

"And I thought the ending was creepy, how scarier can it get?" The player sighed and slid under the desk slowly.

"It's just me at the end of every game, but glitchier and more powerful." Monika patted the player on the head, trying to give comfort.

"Screw it, I'm resetting the game." The player got up and walked towards the doors.

"Wait! Every game is going to be corrupted, even if you reset it!" Monika grabbed the player's arm.

"So... I just delete the game, then. Bye!" The player shrugged Monika off.

"No, please! Don't delete this! Just give me a chance!" Monika tugged the player's sleeve, breaking into tears.

"Ugh, fine! Just this once, to help you remove the glitch and I'll delete the game for good!"

"It's going to be easy, so we need a plan."

"Who needs a plan, when I've got gaming skills. I'll just go out and face the glitched you."

"Wait, take me with you!" Monika grasped the player's sleeve again.

"Why should I take you to the glitch you're so scared off?"

"Not to the glitch, to the... bathroom." Monika bit her lip.

"WHAT?" The player jumped back, bumping into a desk.

"I HAVE TO PEE REALLY BADLY! PLEASE, HELP ME!"

The player took Monika by the arm and ran out of the room, quickly passing the glitch.

"Alright, Monika you run to the bathroom, I'll distract the glitch."

"No, I can't leave without you, it's part of my code!"

"Then how were you not in the room when I was?"

"Glitched realm."

"Then glitch yourself there!"

"NOT WITH A FULL BLADDER, I CAN'T! IT'S TOO MUCH STRESS!"

"Ugh... Okay, then hide in that janitor's closet while I try to remove the glitch."

"Just hurry, I'm going to leak!"

The player shoved Monika into the closet and brutally faced the glitch, fist by fist. On the other hand, Monika was extremely desperate and struggling to hold her bladder. Her custom skirt was going to have a stain if she didn't hold, the player opened the door, scaring Monika a bit. She let go of her pee ever so slightly, but thankfully, just a bit went into her panties.

"You scared me and I almost wet myself!"

"Well, I'm sorry, not everybody can gently open a closet with bloody hands!"

"What happened? Fist fight?"

"Yes, now let's get you to a stall before you burst and humiliate yourself in front of me."

Monika squirmed at the thought of humiliation, grasping onto her skirt even tighter, moving slower than ever, pulling the player as well.

"If we don't hurry, you'll be sitting in a puddle for the next few minutes!"

"Please, stop reminding me of accidents, it's just going to slow us down..." Monika said weakly, with watery eyes as her bladder filled up.

"We're here, now go."

"Y-you have to go in too, because my code..." Monika pushed the bathroom door open, revealing two stalls that were out of order.

The player walked into the bathroom as well, taking a deep sigh, realising only one stall was available, and it was not the cleanest one. Monika snapped her fingers, making it cleaner, but also increasing her pressure. The player helped Monika into the stall, and sat her down, closing the door, and waiting outside.

Monika quickly pushed down her skirt together with her panties and released the flowing, yellow, liquid that made her uncomfortable, into the porcelain throne. It felt refreshing and very, very relaxing. She made almost too many sounds of relief that the player almost feel tempted to listen. The golden flow seemed to be eternal and endless, making Monika feel extremely tired, and she closed her eyes to the sounds of a rushing fountain.

She woke up to the sound of the player banging the door, startled that she was still sitting down. Her bottom felt sticky and anchored onto the toilet, and as she reached for the toilet paper, she groggily woke up and realised that it had been 2 hours. She carefully stood up and pulled up her skirt, opening the door to a tired player.

"What took you so long?"

"I fell asleep upon release, sorry."

"Well, I had to wait for 2 hours because of that!"

"I already apologised!"

"How much pee did you even have?"

"You might not want to look into the bowl..." Monika headed to the sink to wash her hands.

The player opened the stall door, revealing the toilet, filled to the brim with yellow. The player gagged and pulled the flush lever.

"If you had gone for an hour longer, the stall would have been flooded! How is that even possible?"

"I held it for more than an hour actually, since you joined early. Time in the glitched realm runs faster than normal time, meaning that if I had entered it, my bladder would have burst, that's why I was hesitant to glitch myself to the bathroom."

"Well, I'm just glad you're fine and not evil this game. I might actually stay."

"You will?"

"Under a few conditions. One, no more glitches. Two, no more evil stuff. And Three, make sure you use the bathroom before an hour."

"I promise for the first two, but the third one is actually kind of difficult since-"

"I'll keep the game running on another screen when I want to log off. After all, your sounds of relief are the best thing I've heard for sleep.

"Wha- Hey! That was just a natural function!" Monika blushed, trying to hide her grin.

"I love you." The player kissed Monika.

"I... have to pee, again." Monika ran with the player.

"Is it possible for you to stop glitching me just so I fall in love with you? Your bladder fills every time you glitch!"

"How am I supposed to-" Monika was cut off by the player.

"It's okay, I already like you."

[END]

