One day trip- two full bladders!

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-10-19 12:24

A fiction story with a boy and a girl who were over 18 years old.

A handsome boy likes girls as nearly every boy do that.

He prefers a special type of girls - petite and slim.

Especially he loves them when they are needing to wee and when they are holding their wee for very long periods of time.

A full bladder in a girl’s super slim belly is turning him more on than anything else.

To see a girl who is crossing her slender, sexy legs and is rubbing her knees from needing to wee so very, very bad makes him horny at the moment, it is like you would push a button.

Especially he loves it if the girls knees and her upper thighs are naked and if the girl shows a lot of her smooth skin, even then when the weather is cool.

He likes to spend time with different girls and he likes to make day trips with them. He did use the opportunities to observe their pee habits during one entire day and he noticed that the habits of the girls were very different.

One day he had a date with a pretty girl, a girl who was exactly how he loved girls.

She was an Asian girl, very tall for an Asia girl and very slim. She did wear a extra short dress and did show him a lot of her sexy, bare legs.

He picked her up early in the morning and they were traveling at the countryside and stopped up and on for sightseeing and for to eat and to drink.

It was afternoon and no one of them had used the toilet since they left their home.

The boy could feel that his bladder was already pretty full, but he didn’t go to the toilet because he didn’t want to animate the girl to go.

Her bladder must have been full as well after holding it for so long and her bladder should stay full and should get fuller, that was it was the boy wanted.

A girl’s bladder could NEVER be full enough for him!

He was sure that the girl was needing to wee as well pretty bad, he was a specialist about girls who were needing to wee, or better about girls who are holding their pee. He could see it at her moves and he watched that she some times crossed her beautiful legs when they had to wait somewhere.

The boy was a real sadist about to make girls hold their wee and for torture their bladders.

But he was a masochist as well. Sometimes he didn’t pee until he couldn’t hold it absolutely any longer.

He was holding his morning pee until noon and sometimes much longer, even it was already painful.

He did like to torture his own bladder, but especially he loves it to have his own bladder full when he was spending time with a girl who was desperate to pee.

The girls need should be worse and her bladder should be fuller than his.

It was already evening as they went for a little dinner before they wanted to go back home with his car.

Both of them had not pissed even once during the entire day.

The boy was turned on very much about the imagination that he would have a girl beside him in the car who was holding a very full bladder, a girl who was needing to wee very bad, but would have to hold it for more than 2 hours longer.

They were ready to leave as the girl suddenly said „ sorry, i have been waiting for so long, i can’t wait any longer, i HAVE to go now.”

The boy knew very well what she meant, but he asked „what for are you waiting?“

„For a wee, i am needing to go since noon .“ she said and was standing up.

The boy was so much disappointed about that. He was turned off and had no more joy on his own full bladder and went as well to the toilet.

Just a little later in the car he saw that the girl was rubbing her knees like girls are doing it when they need to wee.

The boy was excited about it and asked „do need to wee again?“

Not again, i am still needing to pee, i didn’t go before.“ answered the girl a little bit bashful.

“I don’t understand, you have been at the toilet, why didn’t you go!” wanted the boy know.

She told him that she would have to pay for to use the toilet and she didn’t have money.

The boy asked why she did not ask him for money and was absolutely happy that she didn’t.

A good behaved girl would never ask a boy for money for to take a wee.

That would be such a shame and absolutely impossible.

In her country are the girls trained to wait and to hold until they get a natural opportunity to go, it is a part of their breeding, told him the girl.

At the restaurant she was needing to go already that bad that she wanted to use the chance to go, but she had bad luck, she didn’t get the chance and therefore she has to hold it, she continued.

“Oh you poor, you have not been at the toilet the entire day, you must need to go really bad!!?” said the boy and simulated pity for her, but in reality was he horny as hell about the knowledge that the girls bladder was full to burst.

”Oh yes i am needing to wee more than bad, but let’s talk about something else.” she said and pressed her knees hard together.

The boy didn’t want to stop talking about her need, he wanted to increase his horniness and so he putted his hand on her lower abdomen and said “you must be very full down there when you are you are holding all the wee from the entire day inside you!!?”

He could feel the firmness of her bladder which was already bulging out of her flat belly.

He couldn’t resist to press soft on her overfilled bladder. The poor girl was moaning, but she did let him do it.

Then he pushed her short dress up on her sexy, naked thighs until to her panties .

All the way home he had his hand on the girl’s upper thigh and some times between them.

He could feel how she tensed her muscles from the effort to hold her wee back in her painful overfilled bladder.

It will still last more than more than one hour until at home.

The girl didn’t ask for a stop and the boy didn’t offer her to stop, contrary he did take an extra long way.

He used the time and the situation to talk about girls who were needing to pee and to talk about bursting full girl bladders .

“You said pee holding is a part of breeding for girls in your country. You said that you get trained to hold it, how does that work?

Don’t they let you to the loo if you would need to go? Does they give you strict schedules when you are allowed to go to the toilet?”asked the boy.

The girl told him that she don’t want to talk about it, because she is needing to wee so very, very bad and to talk about it would make it even worse for her.

One hour later they were at the girls home and she wanted to get out as soon as they were there.

They did both know very well the reason why, but the boy didn’t let her out of the car. He started to kiss her, he wanted to make her stay, he wanted to have that beautiful girl, who had not weed since nearly 16 hours, as long as possible by his side.

A little later she did try again to get out, but he still didn’t let her.

“I’ll wet my panties and your car seat if you don’t let me out.” said the girl and smiled.

”Oh no, you will not do that, you are such a strong good trained girl.” answered the boy.

He was totally impressed about her holding performance and i think that was not their last date.

The boy loved to see girls desperate to pee, but he loves it even more to have sex with girls who are desperate and full to burst.

