University Accidents (Emma, Isabella, Maddy, Charlotte and Olivia) - Page 4

Author: MiraOMO

*077*2020-09-11 21:31

{{25 minutes ago, theyellowsafe said:

Great new chapters! I'm always going to be interested in more, but if you end the story in the next few chapters, that is completely fine. You've given us plenty of great material over the last few months that I will definitely return to.

}}

If people really want me to continue it then I'm sure I can be persuaded to write a few more after the next chapter...

*079*2020-09-16 11:06

{{On 9/11/2020 at 1:28 PM, UniboyOMO said:

Yes!! You have to continue this into their final years or do another with new first year students . My favourite thread on this forum as a university student it’s so relatable it’s crazy

}}

I'd say about 40% of the accidents are based loosely of the truth so that's probably why its relatable

I will try and continue the story for as long as possible.

*081*2020-09-17 16:01

Final instalment of my freshers series!

There will be more to come though! And feel free to message me/or write out your suggestions. Obviously have my own thoughts but its always good to get inspiration. And I promise, there’s poop incidents coming

CHAPTER 20 - Freshers Night Seven

Hannah’s Saturday night had resulted in more sex, this time a little more gentle than the previous evening. She wasn’t sure if she was starting something serious with the boy, but she couldn’t deny that every time they saw each other, they couldn’t keep their hands off each other. Isabella had made a jokey comment about how the two of them looked cute together, and Hannah was starting to think it was true. She pondered the thought of when she’d next see him as she laid on the coach, trying to sober up before the final night of freshers.

There was a loud knock at the door, and it woke Hannah up, she’d drifted off whilst laying on the sofa. She jumped off and headed to the door.

“Hey!” Hannah said excitedly as she opened the door.

“HEY.” Summer replied, “So good to see you.”

“I wasn’t expecting you this early.” Hannah replied whilst wiping her tired eyes.

“I got an early train…thought I’d surprise you.” Summer smiled.

The girls embraced in a short hug, before Hannah took Summer’s bag and led her through to the kitchen. Summer had been Hannah’s best friend all the way through school, they’d grown up only streets apart and it had been hard for the two of them going away for university. Summer was a short girl, with a small frame, and she had long wavy blonde hair that fell to her shoulders. She wasn’t as naturally attractive as Hannah but made up for it with her own self confidence.

“You look dead…” Summer remarked as they entered the kitchen.

“Yeah…it's the sex.” Hannah joked back.

Summer let out a little shriek; she’d had her own fair share of boy interest but wasn’t bothered by it. Ever since she’d had sexual experiences with girls, she’d never looked back.

“You like him? Or is it just a…fling.” Summer asked.

“I don’t know…” Hannah replied. It was the truth, she didn’t know. She wanted to change the subject. “How’s your thing going anyways?”

“On and off.” Summer replied, looking down at her bag.

The kitchen door swung open and Isabella abruptly came in. She was in her gym kit, holding a water bottle which she wanted to fill up.

‘Oh…hey. I’m Isabella.” Isabella quickly said, flicking her eyes towards Summer.

Summer’s eyes looked up and down at Isabella’s body before speaking. “Hey.”

As Isabella moved towards the sink, Summer got a perfect view of her legs and bum. Her eyes widened with intent. Summer snapped out her trance when Isabella turned back around.

“I’ll see you later.” Isabella remarked as she left the kitchen holding her water bottle.

There was a pause between the girls.

“For fucks sake.” Hannah said, inquisitively watching Summer’s eyes who had followed Isabella’s rear end.

“What?” Summer jolted back before continuing, “Her body is hot!”

“She’s my house mate!” Hannah jested. “And you’re meant to be seeing someone!”

“Its complicated,” Summer said, cracking a smile.

“Anyways, she’s straight…I think.” Hannah added.

“Shame.” Summer rolled her eyes.

“Can’t believe you…been here five minutes and you’re already eyeing up someone.” Hannah said, shaking her head whilst smiling.

Summer laughed in return, “Sorry babe.”

“Funny story…she got so drunk, she pissed herself on the chair whilst laughing.” Hannah blurted out whilst looking down at the chair. Hannah hadn’t told Summer about her own wetting, not that Summer would care - she’d been prone to have an accident after a night out.

“Ooo sexy.” Summer joked back, laughing to herself. Hannah looked back and shook her head.

The two girls briefly had a drink before heading up to Hannah’s room.

—-

The club was packed by the time all four girls had made it in. They’d been stood in the queue for well over thirty minuets and neither girl had expected it to be so packed as it was Sunday night, but you could never rule out a freshers party. Isabella remarked that it felt like the whole of the university had decided to come to this one club. Summer had been flirting with Isabella all evening back at the house, not overly, just enough to settle the nerves, and now she felt she was drunk enough to try and make a move. That was her plan anyway.

Once in the club and settled, the girls grouped together on the dance floor, Summer decided it was time. She leant over to Isabella’s direction and shouted into her ear.

“I’m going to get you another drink…do you fancy one?” Isabella asked.

“Erm…yeah sure.” Isabella shouted back.

Summer took Isabella’s hand and they started making their way through the crowded dance floor towards the bar. Once at the bar, Summer’s eyes darted backwards and forwards to the woman serving them and Isabella’s little two piece set she had on - a short black top and a black skirt.

“Has anyone told you…your body is so hot!” Summer blurted out, she could smell Isabella’s perfume due to how close she was.

The compliment took Isabella by surprise, “Oh…thanks. So is yours!”

Isabella wasn’t sure why she’d given the return compliment so hastily but after scanning Summer up and down, she admitted to herself it was the truth. Summer had a tight black dress on, showing off her curves and sexy legs. Isabella’s mind flickered back to the flirting in the flat, and contemplated what was going to happen next - she sort of got the vibe that Summer may be hitting on her.

After quickly paying for their drinks, the girls stood by the edge of the dance floor, slowly dancing, not wanting to spill their drinks. They were dancing closely and Isabella watched as Summer’s hips moved from side to side. Isabella couldn’t deny it, the more she watched Summer move, the closer she wanted to be. She then watched as Summer placed her hands on her hips; their bodies slowly moving together. Summer bit her lip as she tried to contain her excitement and wasn’t sure if it was her flirty nature, or the alcohol, but suddenly Isabella’s face was moving slowly towards her own. A split second the later the two of them were kissing.

The two broke apart for moment as Summer brought her mouth to Isabella’s ear.

“Do you want to go back to the flat?” Summer hinted whilst gently rubbing Isabella’s back.

“Erm…okay.” Isabella replied whilst gulping to herself. She had butterflies in her stomach and her legs felt weak.

Summer grabbed hold of Isabella’s hand for the second time and the two of them fought their way through the crowd back towards the exit. Summer pulled out her phone and sent a quick message to Hannah saying she was heading home; and it only took Hannah thirty seconds to respond, also asking if she was with Isabella, the later being true. As Summer lead the way to the exit, she grimaced when walking past the girls bathrooms - she was desperate for a wee.

—-

The taxi pulled up short of the drive, and Summer got out first. She rested her body against the small wall separating the house and the neighbours - her feet were hurting from all the dancing she’d done in the club. Or that’s what she was telling herself, in reality, she wasn’t sure if she could stand up straight without having to squeeze her legs together as her desperation worsened.

Back inside the taxi and Isabella was paying; after she’d fumbled around looking for her purse, she finally dished the right amount of money to the driver. Summer’s eyes were then locked on Isabella’s tight body as she opened the taxi door, getting a glimpse of Isabella’s black thong. Summer bit her lip - how much she’d love to rip that off. The girls had a brief kiss before, hand in hand, making their way inside; Summer using her free hand to push into her crotch.

“Your body is so hot.” Summer exclaimed, repeating herself from earlier in the club.

“You said that before…” Isabella replied sarcastically, trying to flirt.

“Well its true.” Summer replied quickly, squeezing Isabella’s hand.

“You should find another compliment…” Isabella jested, playfully punching Summer in the arm before getting her keys out of her small purse. Their eyes met for a brief second, both with one only thing on their minds. The punch also took Summer’s mind off her bladder pain for a moment, but it didn’t stop her letting out a little dribble, more from excitement of what was to come.

Once inside, the sexually chemistry intensified. Summer couldn’t resist Isabella anymore, and lead the way, despite it being Isabella’s home. The pair were locking lips and grinding their bodies against each other as they made their way through the hallway and into the kitchen. Summer’s desperation would have to be put hold, she’d worked hard all evening to tempt Isabella and now it was happening.

Despite the odd kiss on the lips from friends when they were drunk, this was Isabella’s first intense moment with another woman, and she wanted to give it her all. As the kissing got harder, Isabella stumbled and fell into one of the kitchen chairs, both of the girls bodies collapsing - into a slow grind. Summer’s body was aching for more, for two reasons. When they’d fallen, she’d definitely lost control of her bladder and spurted into her thong but it wasn’t going to stop her grinding hard whilst sat on Isabella’s lap. Isabella’s skirt was caught under her legs and Summer’s dress was around her waist, exposing both of the girls attractive legs and black thongs - Summer’s being damp.

The kissing got messier and Summer’s hands were now working every corner of Isabella’s body. Pushing her perky breaks in small circles whilst using her tongue to seduce Isabella. Despite their lips still touching, Isabella let out a moan of pleasure - this was one of the best experiences of her life and she wasn’t sure how much more she could take. Isabella welcomed the short break as Summer broke her body away from Isabella and started gently kissing her neck. Summer’s desperation had reached breaking point and she needed a reprieve, she knew was about to wet herself. She momentarily thought about what Hannah had told her earlier; Isabella had wet herself on the chair whilst laughing - words then slipped from her mouth.

“So a little birdie told me you had an accident on here?” Summer said whilst heavily breathing, her eyes flicking down to her own exposed thong. She could feel the dampness as she dribbled again, unable to control it.

Isabella’s face instantly reddened as she processed what Summer said, “What?”

Summer moved her head back up to Isabella’s eye line and leant back in; their lips rekindled but not for long, as Isabella, now a little embarrassed, wanted to know more. Summer wasn’t sure how much longer she could wait. either.

“I was just drunk…and we were laughing and…” Isabella stopped herself and moaned as Summer’s hand gently brushed across her clit. While her hand was down there, she quickly felt her thong, it was very damp.

“Babe…don’t worry…happens to everyone.” Summer’s reply was broken up as she moaned, her body moving quickly as she continued to grind on Isabella. Summer wasn’t lying though, she’d had multiple accidents after nights out - they even turned her on a little. And she was about to have another one right now.

“Yeah…I guess…” Isabella moaned again, as Summer pushed her fingers into her clit. Isabella could feel her legs starting to tingle. She closed her eyes and dived back in, instantly connecting with Summer’s lips; but Summer couldn’t keep connected for long. She had to break apart as she spurted, and this time she couldn’t stop. She was wetting herself.

“Would this make you feel better?” Summer sighed and then let out a moan. Her thong was now getting wet, she couldn’t override her brain anymore, it was happening. She wasn’t sure if this was an accident or a purposeful wetting, but she could properly feel the first dribbles of warm urine reaching her inner thighs. She moaned loudly in pleasure as she couldn’t stop the flow. She hadn’t had a drunken accident since her first year at university, and the warmness took her by surprise.

“Oh god…Isabella…I’m peeing myself…” Summer moaned whilst biting her lip.

The words didn’t connect with Isabella straight away, but the warm wet feeling did. Isabella flinched and instantly looked down, watching as the pee breached Summer’s thong with ease, and started pooling between their legs. Isabella couldn’t help but admire the sexiness of Summer’s tight body and legs, even with pee spurting out.

“I…I couldn’t hold it.” Summer managed to get out as a splattering sound started, the pee was now running off the chair and on to the floor.

Isabella didn’t have chance to reply as she pushed her lips back into Summer’s. There was no time to take in how disgusting the situation was - she knew they both wanted to orgasm. Isabella gently started rubbing Summer’s wet thong, not thinking about what Summer had just done, and pressed hard against her clit. Summer was first to orgasm, her legs shaking and her moans loud and intense. She grappled with Isabella’s body, making sure she didn’t let go; eventually her legs pushed together and it forced Isabella to retract her hand. Isabella’s orgasm closely followed. Summer’s fingers did the work, softly massaging Isabella’s clit until her legs bounced up and down and Isabella’s body couldn’t take anymore.

A moment passed, which seemed like forever as both girls came down from their high. They were both panting hard and neither knew what to say. Summer had taken a long shot to get Isabella to make out with her and now they were sat on top of each other, their bottom halves soaked through in pee.

“We…erm…better clean this up. Sorry.” Summer said, breaking the tension, placing her hand into Isabella’s.

Isabella let out a little laugh. “Yeah.”

“Sorry…I was just desperate and well…horny.” Summer replied, her face still red from the intensity of the orgasm.

“Its fine…” Isabella smiled, “Now I know why you asked me about it…”

“Yeah…I guess” Summer replied again, kissing Isabella on the nose. “Kind of helped the orgasm as well.”

“Yeah…I think it did kind of help…” Isabella laughed again wiping the wetness from her nose.

“You’re cute.” Summer said, her smile widening.

“I should tell you a secret about the other night.” Isabella smirked before continuing. “I sharted myself…”

“What?” Summer’s eyes widened, a little confused.

“Left skid marks in my thong.” Isabella added, her face reddening in self embarrassment.

Summer laughed, “Can’t say I’ve ever done that…”

“Yeah well…shit happens.” Isabella replied, and realising her pun, the girls both started laughing.

The two girls took a moment before finally getting off the chair. They had a clean up to do.

*084*2020-09-18 10:25

{{16 hours ago, theyellowsafe said:

Great final installment! Horniness overriding the need to pee and leading to an accident is such a hot concept.

I also like how they both admitted that the wetting helped them orgasm - especially Isabella, since she's never really seemed to enjoy her accidents.

I definitely have some ideas, so I may run them by you in the off chance you'd be willing to use them.

}}

Thanks !!

And yes, I'm always intrigued to see where the readers want to take the story (in comparison to myself). So fire away.

{{5 hours ago, computer909 said:

Excellent "final" chapter of the series! Really hope you decide to continue, would be very interested to see where things go with everyone from here. The way you wrote the interaction between Isabella and Summer made it feel very plausible, something that is often lacking from this genre. Well done, and keep up the good work!

}}

Thank you so much!! Definitely will be continuing... I'm thinking one of stories throughout the year.

*086*2020-09-24 17:53

Back for more!

This will be continued

CHAPTER 21 - The January Freeze (PART 1)

The Christmas break had been a slow one. It was usually a three week break, but due to how the weeks had fallen in the calendar, this year it’d been four weeks - and there’s nothing worse as a student than waiting and wanting to get back. The feeling usually hit after the new years parties, and for Isabella, Hannah and Ellie; they couldn’t wait to get back. The only positive about the second semester was the return of the National Cheerleading Championships, something that the university entered every year, despite never doing well in it. Ellie and Hannah who were the joint heads of the Cheerleading society had a large responsibility in sorting and handing out the new kits for the year - and luckily, even with the extra week, they’d managed to get them all ready a few days before the first competition.

Ellie zipped up her sports bag and took one last look around her room - she’d packed what she needed too. She quickly picked the bag up off the floor and closed the door. As she made her way down the stairs she was greeted by Hannah, who was carrying an identical sports bag and wearing an identical tracksuit. Ellie followed Hannah down the stairs and they were greeted by Isabella as she sprung out of the kitchen holding her classic gym water bottle.

“Ready?” Isabella asked, looking at both of the girls.

“Course…” Hannah replied whilst nodding.

“Just going to fill up my bottle…” Ellie replied, reaching down to a side pocket of her bag where her bottle was located.

After a brief trip to the kitchen, Ellie quickly fumbled the full bottle back into her bag and followed the two girls outside. A black car was parked, waiting for them at the end of the drive.

“Shit. It’s cold!” Hannah remarked, puffing her cheeks in the process.

“Telling me.” Isabella quickly replied whilst blowing hot air into her cupped hands.

“Its the January freeze.” Ellie added. She could feel the ice cold air starting to blow up her tracksuit.

The boot of the black hatchback car swung itself open and all three girls tiptoed across the drive swinging their bags through the air and into the boot in one swift motion. Hannah and Isabella then made their way towards the back seats, whilst Ellie closed the boot, and headed to the front.

“Thank god…so warm in here.” Hannah stated as she got in, shuffling her bum to find her seatbelt.

“Heated seats the best…” Isabella added.

The front door then opened with a click and Ellie scampered in, quickly throwing herself in the front seat - desperately wanting to get out of the cold.

“Thanks for this Alice…really appreciate it.” Ellie said as the engine started and the car quickly moved of the curb and on to the road.

“No worries.” Alice replied, glancing over at Ellie.

Alice was a final year student and was one of the best cheerleaders on the team. She was easily recognisable with her small frame, and long, overly bushing ginger hair. She’d avoided the freshers parties that Ellie and Hannah had put on for the cheerleading team as she knew how messy they got - she also knew that her lack of appearance at the parties would mean she’d be getting a grilling by the girls on the journey up.

Fifteen minutes into the journey and conversation was aplenty. It had mainly been Hannah and Ellie poking fun at Alice for not turning up to the parties; remarking that she was a lightweight, or that the first years could out drink her - both remarks most likely being true. Alice laughed it off and explained how third year brought a new responsibility, there was no time for fun and games. Whilst all the girls were bantering with each other, Isabella’s question may have been the stupidest.

“So…what even is this today?” Isabella asked, realising it was a dumb question as she said it.

“A competition…” Ellie replied sarcastically, turning round and frowning at Isabella.

“Well…yeah. I know that.” Isabella replied back, somehow even more sarcastically than Ellie.

“Its a qualifier.” Alice said. “We need to beat this university in order to progress through to the regional finals.”

“I’m sure I said that in the meeting…and in the email.” Ellie added, backing up Alice.

“Yeah…sure…I remember.” Isabella replied, watching as Ellie rolled her eyes at Isabella’s blatant lie.

“Better zone myself in then…” Hannah joked.

“Yeah. We should.” Isabella added playfully.

Hannah and Isabella, almost simultaneously then plugged their headphones in and sat back; somewhat attempting to zone themselves in - more truthfully just wanting some peace and quiet. The journey wasn’t a long one, only just over an hour, but it did give the girls a chance to rest and catch up on any sleep they’d missed. After all, they’d need all the energy they could get for their performance.

Back in the front seat, and it wasn’t until they were well into the journey that Ellie realised she may have made a mistake - and not one she was willing to announce to everyone. Due to the heat inside the car, she’d already finished the water bottle that she’d left the house with and was starting to feel the effects of it. Ellie wondered how she’d got so desperate all of a sudden but quickly remembered she hadn’t used the bathroom all morning - she pushed her legs together in order to ease her desperation.

A few minutes later and Ellie’s body felt hot, all the internal and external squirming had made her sweat, she knew her face was burning red. She was already embarrassed about her desperation on such a short journey but knew she needed to ask the question in order to ease her mind, and to mentally prepare herself.

“Do you know how much longer?” Ellie whispered over to Alice who was focused on the road.

“Probs like twenty minutes.” Alice replied with a smile.

“Thanks.” Ellie whispered back, trying not to draw attention to her question.

Moments after Ellie had asked for the remaining time of the journey, Alice slowed the car and pulled over into the exiting lane - Ellie took a deep breathe, relief. Once off the motorway, Alice reached into her pocket and expertly pulled out her phone whilst keeping her eyes on the road.

“Can you sort me the directions please?” Alice asked, holding her phone in the direction of Ellie.

‘Sure.” Ellie replied, whilst focusing her mind on her bladder and keeping her legs tightly closed.

“Thanks!” Alice quickly replied before adding. “Lets hope we don’t hit any traffic…”

“Done…” Ellie said whilst handing the phone back over to Alice. She didn’t even bother responding to the remark about traffic - if they did hit traffic, she knew she’d be in trouble. Her bladder was already screaming out to be emptied but Ellie didn’t want to break her dry streak after two wettings in two nights during freshers; they were now in the past.

Alice’s originally prediction of twenty minutes had been spot on and luckily, for Ellie, they didn’t hit any traffic. As they pulled into the sports complex car park, Alice could already make out some of their fellow cheer team standing around. Alice pulled the car into the closest parking bay and rolled her window down.

“Trust you to be early!” Alice shouted at a fellow teammate whilst laughing.

Ellie’s body hadn’t been expecting the ice cold air as it came in through the window, the hairs on her arms immediately standing up. She froze in her seat as her crotch felt warm all of a sudden, and she wasn’t sure it was just sweat - the worst part being she had no real way of checking.

“Why you in your kit?” Alice shouted again, aiming it towards her fellow team mate.

“Changing rooms are locked still so we got changed in the car.” A voice shouted back towards Alice.

“Oh shit…” Alice said quietly, looking towards the girls in the car.

“Yeah and I’m getting back in the car now. Its fucking freezing.” The voice shouted for the final time.

Ellie felt her chest sink, she was desperate. Her bladder was twinging frequently and she really needed to get to the bathroom within the next few minutes or she was about to have an accident - most likely in the car. She couldn’t lie to herself, she’d definitely dribbled a little. Whilst the exchange had been going on, Isabella had already opened her door, but closed it again instantly when she heard the news of the changing rooms being locked.

“Fuck sake.” Isabella sighed to herself.

Alice then swung herself round again. “Grab the bags.” She remarked, looking over at Hannah.

It took a moment for Hannah to realise what Alice meant. “We can’t all get changed in here…”

“Might as well try…” Alice said whilst shrugging her shoulders.

Hannah slowly undid her seatbelt before lifting herself up and swivelling round; she wasn’t sold on this idea by any means but one by one she pulled the sports bags out of the boot, throwing them to their respective owner. In the limited space available the girls got out of their university sports tracksuits and into their cheer skirts, each revealing their naked bodies to one another. Isabella was first to get her bag and first to get her cheer spankies and skirt on, turning away so no one could see her shaved vaginal area. Ellie was lucky that everyone was too pre-occupied getting themselves changed or they would have seen a wet spot, the size of a dime, on her tight white thong. She scrunched the thong up and threw it back in her back, hoping it’d dry by the time she’d put it back on. Now in her cheer kit, she was desperate to not get it wet, by any means.

“I'm going to head inside, see what’s going on…” Ellie said, her legs tightly crossed as she perched on the front seat. She knew she needed to get out the car, an accident in here would be her worst nightmare.

“Want me to come with?” Alice said whilst putting her shoes back on.

“No…I’ll be five minutes max.” Ellie replied, gulping loudly.

Ellie opened the car door, and instantly regretted it. The January freeze was real and the cold air battered against her skin, the few hairs on her legs and arms standing up. It was only fifteen metres or so to the door, but it felt like five-hundred as Ellie started walking - her bladder twinging with every step. Once inside, Ellie relaxed her body as she felt warmth on her skin once again from the heating; but it wasn’t the only warmth she was feeling. Relaxing her body had caused her to spurt and she instantly shot her hand down, digging it into her crotch, stopping the leak - so much for keeping her cheer skirt dry.

‘Shit shit shit. I need a wee,’ Ellie said to herself whilst bobbing her legs.

Ellie stood for a moment and somewhat regained her composure, still feeling the wetness between her legs. She knew she was about to have an accident, but that’s when she saw movement.

“Excuse me?!” Ellie called out to the movement she’d spotted. “Do you know where the nearest toilet is?”

“Top of stairs…two flights up!” The woman called back.

“Thanks.” Ellie fired back and without hesitation, started moving her feet towards the stairs.

Once on the stairs and heading up, Ellie didn’t even care anymore about the small dribbles that were coming out, she didn’t have time to care; her mind was solely focused on making it to the toilet. Ellie almost dragged herself up and in record time, she had made it up first flight of stairs. She could feel her hand, which was firmly dug into her crotch, getting wetter but she knew she had to power on. What would be the point of working so hard to not have an accident, only to wet yourself in front of the toilet.

‘So close. Just hold it.’ Ellie told herself as she flew up the final set of stairs.

Ellie’s thoughts changed when she reached the top of the stairs, she was staring at the little woman figure on the door, when she felt it - the first large spurt. Her brain had acknowledged the toilet was in sight, and caused her bladder to give way. Her accident was happening.

‘No no no…not here.’ Ellie cried out. The first spurt of warm urine had breached her spankies and was trickling down her inner thigh.

Ellie scampered towards the bathroom door, urine leaking out of her with every step; in one last attempt to save herself. She used all her energy to push the first door, and then the second door open - and there it was, an empty cubicle. Ellie’s mind had been focusing so hard on the getting to the bathroom that the sight of the cubicle was too much. As she fumbled trying to get her cheer dress off, and with the shutting of the cubicle door, a splattering sound start started. Ellie was wetting herself.

‘Fuck fuck fuck.’ Ellie moaned to herself as the hot piss started scolding her cold legs. She was doing everything she could to stop the flow, but nothing was working. Warm pee ran down her legs at every angle - a puddle beneath her legs forming on the floor. Ellie had wet herself a metre away from the toilet.

To make matters worse for Ellie, the door to the bathroom then slammed open, and a girl raced in - one who Ellie didn’t recognise, presumably on the opposing cheer team. There was a pause as both the girls looked at each, taking in what they were seeing. Ellie could see a girl that was visibly desperate to use the bathroom, and the opposing cheerleader was watching a girl who had clearly been very desperate, wet herself in front of the toilet.

The opposing cheerleader, who was also in her cheer skirt, then let out a squeal of her own and scrunched her face up; what she’d thought was going to be a tiny fart was actually her anal seal breaking. Her hand raced down to her bum but she didn’t need to feel it to know what was happening - a log was sticking out. She clenched her bum cheeks as hard as she could. It had been bad enough for her watching another girl have her own wetting accident, but a poop accident was twice as embarrassing.

“Ohhh…I need to get in.” She cried, the log now protruding out of her bum.

Ellie, realising her fight was over, shuffled her legs to the side allowing the opposition cheerleader some space to make her way into the cubicle. In one swift motion the other girl slid past Ellie and into the cubicle. Despite being in the cubicle, just like Ellie had been, she too was having the same problem though, she couldn’t get her cheer skirt off quick enough.

“Help!” She cried out, her eyes widening - defeat was looming.

Every sound was accentuated in the bathroom and Ellie could hear a warm, soft, crackling. The opposition cheer girl was bobbing her legs and tapping her feet as she crumpled over holding her stomach. To her despair, the log had broken off and was now sat in her spankies.

“Oh my god!” She cried out. She rushed to move her hand towards her bum, it had happened. She then let out another squeal and felt another large log escape her anal passage and fall into her spankies. Disaster.

It had taken a moment for Ellie to process and realise the other girls predicament, but then she caught a glimpse of where her hand was - she’d shit her pants.

*091*2020-09-28 15:15

{{On 9/24/2020 at 10:06 PM, Melificentfan said:

Damn the poor girl but that was a great chapter

}}

{{On 9/25/2020 at 11:41 PM, theyellowsafe said:

Wow! Great chapter.

}}

Thanks !!

{{On 9/26/2020 at 11:48 PM, pickle313 said:

I love this story, and hope that we can see more of Olivia and Emma sometime soon.

}}

Yesss!! Will try and get them back in very soon!

{{14 hours ago, Noot said:

Love this story

}}

THANKS!! Love your writing as well so means a lot.

*092*2020-10-02 18:42

There was a still a large layer of white cloud in the sky, stopping any winter sun from doing its best to heat the ground - but at least the temperature was slowly rising as the morning mist cleared. The January freeze had been talked about in the news for weeks before it came; and still no one had been truly prepared. It was lucky that the cheerleading qualifiers were even going ahead as most outdoor sports had been called off for the last few weeks due to the extent of the cold.

Behind the large building and sports hall lay acres of green grass where on a normal day, university sports teams would be training. The grass had been completely frozen over and had basically ruined the re-start to the football season, and the end of the rugby season. Luckily for the cheerleaders, they were using the sports hall - and the heating was still working.

The car park had filled and nearly all the spaces had been taken up, both with cheerleaders from the opposing university (Alice, Isabella, Ellie and Hannah) and from the home university. As Alice peered out the window, she didn’t recognise many of the cars, or the girls inside. Neither of the girls had spoken for a while as they’d been daydreaming but Isabella broke the silence.

“Ellie’s been ages…shall I go in?” Isabella asked, flicking her eyes between Alice and Hannah.

“Nah…she’s probably finding someone to open it all up.” Hannah said, not turning to look at Isabella - Hannah was gazing her eyes at a group of opposition cheerleaders stood by a car.

There was another pause, and Alice thought before saying. “She did need the toilet as well…”

“Oh right…” Isabella said whilst frowning. She still didn’t think it would’ve taken that long to find someone, and if she hadn’t found someone, she wouldn’t come back to the car - Ellie had been ages.

“How long has it been?” Hannah then asked, swinging her body round to engage in the conversation.

“Like…over ten minutes.” Alice replied, brushing a strand of red hair off her pale face.

“Might as well go in Isabella…just to see.” Hannah said, scanning her eyes to the building.

Isabella then grabbed the pair of jogging bottoms that were scrunched in her bag and threw them on, before grabbing her coat and exiting the car. She was glad she’d put the extra layers as the wind was still ice cold. Isabella wondered into the building and took a quick look around on the ground floor, she even tried the door handles to the changing rooms but they were still locked.

“Are you looking for something?” A voice said from behind her.

Isabella quickly shot round and gasped. “Erm…sorry…my friend came in?”

“She went upstairs.” The woman replied, who was decked out in cleaning gear.

“Upstairs?” Isabella frowned.

“To the toilet…” The woman added, already started to wipe the door handle that Isabella had touched.

“Ah…okay. Thanks.” Isabella shot the woman a quick smile, and headed for the stairs.

The bathroom was a small rectangular room and required someone to get through two doors to enter - once through the first door, the second door was to the right. Once past the second door, you were in the bathroom. There was a sink directly in front as you entered and a mirror above it - with a rather modern hand-dryer to the right. To the left was where the only cubicle was located. On a normal day, the bathroom would mainly be used by staff; and it would be extremely rare to ever bump into anyone, or have to wait, whilst in the bathroom - the main toilets being located in the changing rooms. Unfortunately, that hadn’t been the case today.

Just like Ellie had been, Tilly had been driven to the qualifiers by one of her good university friends. Instead of four girls in the car, like in Ellie’s case; there had only been three with Tilly - meaning she’d had the back seats all to herself. Her day had started rather normally, if not a little earlier that usually. She’d packed her bag, or rather throw her cheer kit it; showered, made a smoothie and had a cereal bar - so whist sprawled across the back seats on the journey, why did she need to shit so much?

It had been hard not to laugh with the girls when she first let out a little fart on the relatively short fifteen minute journey. The heating in the car had been on full blast due to the weather, and that just allowed the smell to linger for even longer. Tilly had protested it wasn’t her at first but when she let out another fart, this time not silent but deadly, the girls sat in the front teased her even more.

‘Smells like you’ve shit yourself…’

‘Oh my god…imagine shitting in your spankies…’

Tilly had joined in with the laughter, it was only a bit of a gas after all and she couldn’t deny to herself, despite the smell being bad; it was hilarious. The journey, which was meant to take around fifteen minutes, ended up taking thirty - and that was the start of Tilly’s problems. Finally, as they’d battled through the traffic and made their way into the carpark, Tilly felt it starting to come. Her gas had very much solidified and she needed to poop.

Like nearly everyone in the car park, the girls had decided to get changed in the car, and despite Tilly’s concerns, she went along with it - every few moments another wave of desperation hitting her, making her clutch her butt cheeks. After letting another waft of gas, Tilly needed a reprieve; and she got one when she saw another girl heading inside the building.

It didn’t take Tilly long to make her mind up and then to slip out the car, she was desperate for the bathroom, and needed it sooner rather than later. To the amusement of her friends sat in the front seats, Tilly virtually waddled to the front doors - she was being extra careful not to ruin her spankies. As Tilly entered through the glass doors, she’d lost sight of the girl she’d seen come in before her.

Tilly’s face flushed red and she was starting to a panic a little. During her time at the university, she’d only ever used the toilets in the changing room, she didn’t even know there were more in the building. As she looked around, pressing her hand into her bum, she heard a squeal - coming from upstairs. Tilly had only been a floor behind Ellie, both girls racing up the stairs to make it to the toilet. As she went up, Tilly realistically knew, even if she had to wait a minute or so for the girl to use the bathroom before her, she’d still make it.

That all changed for Tilly when she entered the bathroom. Tilly, who hadn’t really thought it, just expected the cubicle door to be closed, but it wasn’t. There had been a splattering sound and Tilly just helplessly watched as a girl fought to get her cheer dress whilst wetting herself. Tilly didn’t know where to look but seeing the accident unfold instantly reminded her of her one and only accident as an adult, back in first year.

Tilly had been at an afterparty at her friends flat, all the girls and guys still drinking well past 4am. Tilly didn’t remember much from that night but what she did remember was being completely desperate on the walk back from the club, which wasn’t uncommon for herself and her friends. She’d begged her friend to let her use the toilet first but the best her friend could offer was to let her come into the little en-suite with her and wait. Tilly knew she’d dribbled in her thong on the way in, but as she stood and watched friend strip and sit down first, it was all too much. The sound of the pee hitting the toilet bowl made her lose control, and she just stood, in front of her friend, uncontrollable spurting warm urine into her jeans - soaking them. Luckily for Tilly, that night hadn’t tarnished her social status as her friend was extremely apologetic and let her stay the night, without anyone else seeing - and they never spoke about it again.

Back in the bathroom though and Tilly’s mind wavered as she stood there; she thought back to all the jokes she’d made with her friends on the drive over. They’d laughed about shitting in your spankies, but here she was, only moments away from doing so. The combination of seeing another girl having an accident in front of her, thinking back to her own first accident and accidentally letting a fart slip out caused the disaster. And just like Ellie, Tilly hadn’t thought about getting her cheer dress or spankies off either, and despite scrambling into the cubicle at the last second - before she knew it, she’d filled them with shit.

Ellie’s eyes, which had solely been fixed on Tilly’s bum, were now drawn to the top of her legs - as what usually happens with releasing faeces, you end up needed to pee as well. One of Tilly’s hands was still firmly placed on her bum, but it didn’t stop Tilly trying to crouch as she started wetting.

“Fuck. I’m peeing…” Tilly sighed, cringing to herself. This time it was Ellie’s turn to watch.

Tilly had long forgotten the feeling of her accident in first year, but parts came back when the warm urine sizzled on her inner thighs. Her legs had shifted apart and her knees pointed inwards. Tilly hadn’t peed anywhere near as much as Ellie but her eyes were drawn to the two puddles on the floor that had started to merge together.

“God. It stinks…” Ellie remarked under her breathe whilst clearing her throat. The smell of shit lingered in the small bathroom confines.

Tilly had heard Ellie’s remarks and looked sternly across at her, scrunching up her forehead in the process. She clenched her jaw, and in one swift motion, Tilly slammed the cubicle door shut before locking it. Tilly then yanked the straps on her cheer dress down with one hand whilst keeping her other hand firmly placed on her bum, holding her mess. Tilly was a mentally strong girl, sometimes a bitch, and knew she had no time to waste in sorting herself out. Once her dress was down by her knees, Tilly could examine the damage - two small logs, broken off in her knickers.

Ellie, who was still stood directly outside the cubicle, could hear as Tilly was pulling rapidly at the loo role - which was located next to the toilet. Tilly carefully slid her knickers off, throwing them into the toilet bowl, filled with the logs she’d released, flushing after she’d done so. Thank god she’d put knickers on under her spankies, it wasn’t uncommon for girls to perform in just cheer spankies, and losing her knickers was just a small price to pay after what had happened. Tilly quickly wiped her legs and bum, making sure they were clean and knowing there was not much she could do about her shoes, she unlocked the cubicle.

“You should do the same…” Tilly remarked as she went to wash her hands. As soon as Ellie was in the cubicle, she could hear the hairdryer loudly blowing.

As Isabella approached the door, she could hear the muffled sound of what she presumed was a hair dryer. She quickly entered the first door, then the second.

“Oh hi…?” Isabella said awkwardly, bumping into Tilly as she entered the bathroom.

“Hey.” Tilly replied, just raising her eyebrows before sliding past Isabella and out of the bathroom.

Isabella swung herself round and scowled, how unpleasant she thought to herself. Isabella quickly turned back to the face the cubicle.

“Ellie?” Isabella called out, crossing her fingers in hope that Ellie was behind the cubicle door.

“Yeah?” Ellie replied, before continuing. “I’ll be out in two…”

As Isabella stood and waited, her nose twinged at the still poignant smell of shit that filled the bathroom. She quickly deduced the reason Ellie had been so long was due to the previous girl she’d just bumped into, who must’ve gone for a number two - how wrong could she be. Isabella’s eyes were then draw to something else.

“Err Ellie…what the fuck is all this on the floor?” Isabella asked, now looking down at the large puddle taking up half the bathroom floor.

“Well…” Ellie stopped herself and restarted. “It was hear before I came in…”

“Jeeez…and it stinks.” Isabella added.

“Tell me about it!” Ellie laughed. “…was the girl in before me.”

The door to the cubicle made a chinking sound, and Ellie emerged - she dropped Isabella a quick smile. After washing her hands, Ellie caught up with Isabella outside and the pair headed back downstairs. Ellie knew she could still feel her wet spankies sticking to her skin but she’d dried it all the best she could, she just needed to change whenever she had chance. As the ground floor came into view, the girls could see Alice and Hannah already making their way into the changing rooms. Isabella starting making her way towards them.

“Just going to grab my bags…I’ll catch you up.” Ellie said, gesturing to the car outside. Alice, who seen Ellie then threw her the keys in that direction.

Ellie slid open the main doors and embraced the cold air rattling against her skin. As she headed towards the car, she thought about how she’d somehow got away that accident - it seemed near damn impossible. Ellie flashed the keys at the car before opening the door, grabbing her stuff and locking it again. She turned her heels and walked back to the entrance - she’d definitely got away with one today.

*097*2021-01-01 21:32

{{On 12/31/2020 at 11:35 AM, nappyboy97 said:

Is this ever coming back

}}

YES!! I have plans to finish a couple more chapters

