My first fiction

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-01-16 20:07

Chapter 1: When issues have to be faced

“Thank goodness for the internet” Will said to himself as he sat alone in his office as always. It seemed more and more of his life, thank goodness, was able to be completed online. He liked it that way. He was much more than an introvert; he was known as the ‘weird’ guy, the ‘odd one out’ but he was unable to be anyone else. There was shy and then there was Will. Even at 28, almost 29, he had yet to meet a girl let alone date one. He liked them, oh he liked them very much, but he just couldn’t get the words out to tell them and while he had friends on social media he even struggled to message them in case he was seen as stalking them. Instead he thought about them in his head, letting his imagination run riot with all he would love to do.

But today even the internet could not save him. Months previously, or maybe it was closer to a year, he had emailed his doctor about a minor issue that he could no longer self treat. He hated having to go see a doctor, or anyone really, but his cough just wasn’t shifting. By the time he had mustered the courage to get out his car, register his attendance on the surgery computer and wait to be called he was sweating and breathing way too fast. His cough could easily be treated but his doctor was way more concerned about his anxiety and social difficulties than his upper respiratory infection. She gave him some calming techniques and general advice but had said she would be referring him to a therapist in the hope he could get treatment.

Today was the day he had to leave the confines of his office where he spent 8 hours a day alone, otherwise choosing to work from home. Will ate his lunch in the office, having ordered his groceries online, and never once left the room, even to use the bathroom. He had his own coffee machine and would just hold his bladder until he returned to his apartment where he could pee without anyone knowing. Will had to admit to himself he was afraid of people.

Yet here he was bracing himself to have to see a therapist after work. The thought terrified him yet he knew he had to do something. He was lonely. He would never find a woman or get promoted or be able to go out with friends until he had help. He had to do this.

He finished his coffee, packing his mug away in his Tupperware box to take home and wash. He went through his daily rituals for leaving work, cleaning his computer with wipes, lining his pens in order in his drawer then putting his coat on, always with the left arm in first. He crossed his legs unconsciously as his bladder reminded him he hadn’t emptied it since 7:15am. He had to admit his anxiety needed addressed as despite working in this company for three years he still had no idea where the gents even was. He just could never ask, though finding them now would really help as for the first time in three years he wasn’t able to rush home to the bathroom as he had a 90 minute appointment with a stranger.

Nerves were not helping him either. Nerves always affected his bladder. In the privacy of his office Will gave his penis a little squeeze, and fidgeted a bit. He was used to holding his urine and despite many close calls he always managed to make it home with no more than a small leak in his underwear. Today would be testing his ability to the extreme. Instead of getting home at 6 he would not get home until nearer 8, two and a half hours from now. If only he could have detoured home first but Will knew he would never manage back out again and he would be too late even if he could.

He checked the corridor to make sure everyone else was out of sight, picked up his backpack and headed to his car. Even if he did see the gents (though he never had before) he would be too scared to go incase someone else heard him or saw him.

Within a minute he had signed out and used his card to open the doors and he was safely in his car. He let out the breath he had been holding since leaving his office as he lived in fear of someone even saying ‘bye’ as he had no idea what he should say back.

Before turning on his engine and programming his sat-Nov he placed his hands over his penis again as his bladder once again sent a message for release.

‘If only the internet had a way to let me pee’ he whispered to himself. It helped him do everything else in life from having hot food delivered, groceries delivered, enabled him to stay in the ‘loop’ with family and friends via social media and entertained him via Netflix. If only the internet had a way to help him pee in private when he needed it too. Right now he could so do with that.

*002*2019-01-16 22:06

Chapter 2: Getting There

Thankfully it was still just daylight and he had already looked up the building and route on google street map. Will had prepared for everything in his head. Everything that was except his need to urinate. The seatbelt was pressing into his swollen bladder and he could feel the weight of all the liquid he had consumed swishing about inside him. He should have been home right now standing in front of his beloved personal porcelain toilet, the only one he felt comfortable using. His body sent a small spasm at that thought as his urethra pushed once again for release.

Yet he had come this far. His life had to change and he knew it. If that meant having to hold his urine in that bit longer then so be it. His anxiety was controlling him and he had to get some of that control back.

Will sat in his car trying to control his breathing. He could look up where he building was, he could plan the route and have a snack and water with him ready but he still had no way of knowing who would be in the building, where to go or how he would ever manage to speak to a therapist. He could not remember the last time he had a proper conversation with anyone. It was hard enough saying good morning how on earth would he answer in depth questions from a stranger?

Will was sweating, breathing much faster than he should have and without realising it he had his hand over his crotch again. ‘Get yourself together Will. You can do this. Breathe....stay calm...you are in control’ he spoke to himself slowly and calmly until he gained the courage to turn off the car engine and finally walk to the entrance of the building. He looked around but as the building was located in a quite backstreet there was no-one around. He crossed his legs and rang the bell. Inside his head screamed to run, his bladder screamed for release and his legs were turning to jelly. As the buzzer sounded he opened the door tentatively terrified of what would wait him.

He scanned the room, which already seemed to be closing around him, and noticed an empty waiting area, a desk with one young girl at it who he avoided giving eye contact and a few doors with labels on that he could not quite read as his eyes struggled to focus due to his anxiety.

He tried to speak but the words would not come out.

It was like the young girl knew. She spoke quietly but reassuringly and asked if he was William Highland. Will nodded but looked everywhere but where she was. Now he was nearer the doors he could see that one was marked ‘ladies’, one ‘gents’ and the other a little way down just read ‘in use’. Seeing the word gents somehow increased Will’s need to release his bladder instantly and he slipped his hands into his suit trouser pocket to grab his member tightly. He so longed to pee but he hadn’t used any toilet except the one in his apartment for maybe four years now and he just didn’t think he could change that, even though his entire body wanted to. If ever he needed a reminder of why he needed therapy this was it.

‘If you just have a seat Sarah will be with you very shortly,’ she said so kindly. The word shortly seemed to echo in his ears as Will fought the urge to walk out, drive away and get to the safety of his home.

Instead he fought against his thoughts and found the furthest seat away from the desk as he could. He immediately crossed his legs and looked at the floor. He had no knowledge of doing so but he subtly rocked on the seat, nerves and a bursting bladder combining together to fight for his attention. How could he not just open the gents and use a cubicle or even a urinal? He tried to rationalise in his mind how unlikely it would be for anyone to be in there, let alone hear him as he released his huge torrent. He tried willing himself to walk the few metres to open that door but no matter how hard he tried his legs refused to work.

He was fidgety and restless, nervous, terrified and bursting. It was an awful combination as he uncrossed his legs, leaned forward and bounced both feet on the carpet looking down at the coffee table with sweat beads forming in his forehead making his blond curls wet.

Just then he heard a door open and he turned his entire body to face away from everyone like a naughty child caught doing something he shouldn’t.

He heard a voice. A beautiful, angelic, calming voice call his name. He was instantly drawn like a magnet as his whole body turned as if a secret invisible current was pulling him. He stood, suddenly his legs now able to take his weight, his heart still thumping in his chest, as he walked towards the voice like an animal drawn to light. Silently he slid himself into the counselling room, still looking at the floor, as he stood there aware of an incredible, amazing aura but just as aware of a throbbing in his pants. He crossed his legs suddenly and raised his eyes to see two leather arm chairs with a small table between them with a box of tissues, a jug of water and two glasses and a small plate of biscuits.

Will placed his bag on the floor and sat down on one of the seats, still sweating and terrified yet with a pride in himself that he had hit this far. He’d made it. He had got way further than he had thought he would. He was t going to let his bladder ruin things now.

*003*2019-01-16 22:51

Chapter 3: The aura

Sarah had had an incredibly busy day as always. From the hour call with her mentor this morning to the steady stream of clients all day, she had barely had 15 minutes for lunch and had kept herself going with mugs of coffee and biscuits with her clients. She knew them all well now, which although that made her therapy easier, it often meant times ran on as she caught up with all their news. It was so refreshing and exciting to see her day was ending with a fresh client. That was one of the thrills of the job for Sarah; having a fresh client where she could really make a mark.

She usually booked them for a longer first session to enable them both to bond and to get through the paperwork that was her least favourite part of her job. She was already running very slightly behind time so rather than have a quick trip to the ladies before calling William through she thought best to just get started right away. Besides he looked terrified and she was worried he might flee while she took a comfort break. His legs were bouncing as if he was ready to run and he looked uncomfortable and restless so her bladder could wait a while longer. Her job and this client were of higher importance right now.

As she called out his name and looked at the nervous, vulnerable, handsome man in front of her something inside her did a somersault. He was ordinary, yet different, nervous but sexy and as he slipped passed her into the room she caught a smell of him that sent shivers down her. In her six years as a therapist she had never had any client like this. She had a code of conduct though and her body needed to come in line with her professionalism, wether it wanted to or not. William was here to be helped not to be an object for her to ogle despite the fact her whole body was set alight just by his presence in the room.

The man was here to be helped and she vowed to make sure she would help him any way she could. Whatever his issues were she internally promised herself to go above and beyond, not just because she fancied him at first sight but because she had a public reputation to uphold and a business to build.

As Willian took a seat she bent down to pour them both some water before picking up some forms and sitting down herself. Pouring the water sent immediate waves from her bladder and she considered excusing herself before they started, having suddenly realised she hadn’t actually been to the loo all day. But that was unprofessional and she so wanted to hear Williams story and do what she could to help him. Actually she just wanted to be near him but she had to get those thoughts out of her head right away.

She sat crossed legged and noticed William was sitting in the same way. While she could not take her eyes off him, he hadn’t lifted his eyes from the carpet yet. It looked like she would need to go slowly and gently this time. But she had all the time in the world...well her bladder didn’t but she was determined that her body needs would wait for now.

‘I’m so proud of you for making it here,’ she said quietly.

Will never replied though he shifted in his seat.

‘I hate this bit’, she continued, ‘but unfortunately it has to be done. Can I confirm that you are William Highland and that your address is Flat 14, 20 Rose Gardens, Springland, ST6 2AB?’

Again her client shifted about in his seat, still looking at the carpet, though she noted he nodded in reply.

‘And you were referred to me by Dr Coomber for anxiety and social phobia with a query of potential autism spectrum condition?’

‘Is that right?’

Will was increasingly uncomfortable with the demands and questions but even more uncomfortable with his increasing need to pee. He could not find a comfortable position no matter how hard he tried. His heart was beating too fast, the hairs on his neck were standing on edge and he was hot and nervous yet shivery. He wanted home, he wanted his bathroom, he wanted to be anywhere but here. But there was something spellbinding about Sarah. Her voice was like the sand at the beach on a summers day..warm, soothing and comforting. He understood everything being said and longed to reply but between the throbbing in his bladder and the horrid dryness in his throat getting words out was impossible.

He could only nod.

*004*2019-01-17 00:18

Chapter 4: Distracted

Sarah continued the paperwork as Will continued to shift about and nod. Then she handed him a pen to sign a few forms. Will looked up as far as her hand and tried to take the pen but terrified of touching her beautiful, perfect hand he missed entirely and the pen fell to the floor. He slid forward on his chair, sliding one hand between his legs to squeeze his penis through his suit trousers and using the other to pick up the pen. God did he need to pee so bad. He lifted the clip board which Sarah had rested on the coffee table and leaned forward with his legs bouncing to sign his name. Under signature it read ‘please print name’ and Will wrote Will Highland’ in perfect capital letters.

Sarah picked up the clip board and pen from the coffee table and returned them to the shelf behind her client. While out of sight she held her crotch and pee danced so grateful for the fact she had decided to wear her navy suit trousers and white blouse today rather than her tight black skirt from yesterday. She was worried about her client who seemed so bound by anxiety he could not speak but more concerned about her own bladder which was pounding for release already. It hardly seemed possible she could go from just needing to desperate this quick but then again she had drank plenty and not been near a toilet all day!

With Sarah out of sight Will too had been holding himself and rubbing. He could feel his piss seeping down his urethra and ready to burst out. He was dying for a loo but unable to say. This was torture.

As Sarah sat down she was struck by how awkward and uncomfortable her client looked. Of course everyone was nervous seeing her for the first time but this was different. The inability to give eye contact, or speak, the shifting about and general anxiety was on a whole new level. He was cute as hell but bound by something she longed to unravel. She suddenly had a brain wave...

She walked over to a cupboard and rummaged about, coming back a moment later with a whiteboard and pen. She wrote one one side the word ‘yes’ and on the other ‘no’. Her first question was simple and inspired from her earlier forms.

‘William, it’s perfectly ok not to speak. I accept you fully and respect you regardless. Would you feel more comfortable communicating using this?’

‘Will raised his head finally to see the board though Sarah’s words were touching him somewhere deep inside his heart. His eyes were tearing up but what he didn’t expect was his entire body reacting as his eyes met the sheer beauty and wonder of Sarah’s face. Her hair, so naturally auburn and shining with vitality and splendour, her eyes, gleaming with hope, reassurance and sexual appeal, her nose so perfect and touchable, her lips so tender and kissable. His heart almost missed a beat, the hairs on his arms standing up and his penis now suddenly erect and ready. He had never in his entire life experienced this. He longed with all his being to touch this special spectacular princess, smell her, taste her, hold her. He wanted to be inside her more than anything. Then he instantly came to himself and looked away. What on earth was he thinking! His heart and body were putty in this strangers hands and there was nothing he could do to regain control of it.

Sarah wasn’t expecting William to look up. She most definitely wasn’t expecting to see the most deep, passionate, perfect brown eyes meet hers. Her entire body was set alight. His hairline, his skin, his perfectly trimmed beard...oh how she longed with all her being to passionately kiss those lips. Suddenly he looked away and the electricity souring through her body tried to ease down. She’d never in her life felt this was with anyone. But he was a client and her stupid bladder would just not stop throbbing either!

She found herself lost in wonder, lost in thought, lost for words. What was she going to ask him again? Oh yes she remembered now.

‘Would you prefer I called you Will?’

Will had never been so glad in all his life to have a sudden erection. He tried pressing the end of his penis down to keep it from standing up obviously through his suit trousers. So ok his attention was still on his nether regions but at least, for the next few minutes or so, he was no longer in danger of pissing himself!

He pointed to the ‘yes’ on the whiteboard.

‘Great! Then it’s great to meet you Will. I’m Sarah and I hope we can get to know each other better so I can help you work through things that are bothering you. As I said I accept you exactly as you are and together we will do whatever it takes to get you comfortable and released from anything that is causing you pain or discomfort or irritating you. I’ll go at your pace and you can guide me. My role is to see you happy, at peace and comfortable being you. Does that sound ok?’

So right now his body longed to make love to a stranger, piss an ocean and then eat some dinner but he was pretty sure she wasn’t being that literal and she was referring to the anxiety that bound his entire life, even right now to the point of struggling to communicate his physical needs. He had no hesitation in pointing to the yes on the board as his erection began fading as his bladder sent an urgent reminder of how desperate he was to piss. Boy this was awkward. No wonder he was anxious!

Sarah tried to concentrate but two things were consuming her thoughts: she swore the man sitting right in front of her had the biggest erection she had ever seen which made her want him so badly her vagina was pushing out mucus like a machine in overdrive and secondly the wet mucus in her pants was about to get joined by a days worth of urine as she was absolutely dying to pee!

*008*2019-01-17 10:51

There was a moment of awkward silence broken only by Sarah as she tried to remain composed, professional and in control.

‘It’s always hard the first time with things like this. I understand. I get nervous meeting new clients too. Why don’t we try and relax and have a break for a minute. Would you like a drink or a biscuit? I expect you have come straight from work and not had your dinner yet. I have coffee or tea if you would prefer. Actually, if there is something you want why don’t you write it down and I will do what I can to make us both comfortable. How does that sound?’

Will could feel his urine right down the entire shaft of his penis now. He was worried, very worried. Tea, coffee and water were the last things he needed right now despite his throat feeling agonisingly dry. He had never in his life been so desperate to piss. He was sure any minute he would leak. ‘If there’s something you want why don’t you write it down’ repeated in his head over and over. Yes there was something he wanted, so very very badly. Could he muster the courage to admit such a private and embarrassing need in writing? It was either than or wet himself and he hadn’t done that since he was 10 in school. He shuddered at that thought and picked up the whiteboard and pen, using the board to cover the fact he had one hand clasping his penis for all he was worth.

Sarah sat with one leg under her wedging her foot into her throbbing vagina as her urethra pounding fast and furiously. She was so bursting, so in need of a long and satisfying pee yet so worried about excusing herself with a brand new client. She hoped the fact being in this position turned her on a lot would at least buy her some time. She hoped more than anything though that Will would be able to communicate with her. He was hunched over, so unnatural and uncomfortable looking, so embarrassed and.... oh she looked at his bouncing leg, saw his eyes welling up and realised his hand was hiding under the whiteboard and suddenly she was on fire throughout her body! Her nipples were rock hard, her neck tingling, her lips in her most personal area swollen, wet and open.

Suddenly it all made sense! Will needed the toilet and by the look of him very badly indeed. This was her greatest fantasy come true, her biggest sexual turn on, yet an ethical and moral complexity that always meant things like this were kept secretly locked away in her own thoughts and dreams.

Her longing to pee had suddenly and embarrassingly became a longing for something else that she could never admit. Reality kicked in quickly though as she watched her client squirm and write ‘I need’ on the board. They both knew what he needed and Sarah was fascinated and curious as to why Will seemed to have stopped writing.

Will had to wee. His member ached, his balls ached, his bladder ached. With trembling hands and a trembling willy he tried to overcome his anxiety and write. He managed ‘I need’ before his anxiety rose to a point he just could no longer form letters. Two words to go. Why could he not just write them? What was stopping him from telling someone his bladder was full? Why was this so difficult despite his whole body wanting it? Sweat poured from his hands, his face, his back. His breathing was so fast he was struggling. He put the board and pen on the table and exposed his crotch with his hand still tightly grabbing his penis. He could not hide this any longer as a small leak escaped. His finger felt damp but he could not let go to see anything. He had no idea how he would make it now.

Sarah had to do something. She felt a leak into her underwear and she had no idea if it was urine or mucus..or both. Her poor client was looking every bit as desperate as she was and she didn’t think either of them had time to wait while Will calmed down enough to finish his sentence. Should she finish it for him? Was that the right thing to do or should she encourage him a bit more to get past this wall of fear that seemed to surround everything about him.

Her bladder made the decision for her.

‘I don’t know about you Will but I could really use a comfort break. The toilets are just next door. How about we meet back in a few minutes?’ Sarah was openly pee dancing now. God she was so close to peeing herself yet so aroused. This was so exciting but embarrassing.

It was all Will could do to point to the yes on the board as he stood up, instantly undoing the top button on his suit trousers and slipping his hand inside to cup his leaking penis through his boxers.

Finally, finally release was imminent. He just had to get next door and try and relax. He held himself for all he was worth and edged his way to the door. Could this be the day he finally managed to release his bladder somewhere other than at home?

*010*2019-01-17 12:10

Will had forgotten about the receptionist. Sarah was standing holding the door open for him with her legs crossed and a hand between them. God she was so stunning even more so with a full bladder. He could feel his erection start to grow again as his eyes stared at her thighs, her round hips and her legs. She looked just as desperate to go as he was and he felt so foolish, so vulnerable standing with a hand down his trousers holding himself through his underwear. His face was red, his body hot and flustered, his abdomen swollen with a bloated bladder. Yet try as he might he could not leave the room while that receptionist was there. Anxiety had taken control again.

Sarah willed him to keep moving. She held the door open with her eyes fixed on his crotch. With the top button of Wills trousers undone the fly half unzipped and his hand gripping himself through his navy blue boxers she was entranced. This was the stuff of her fantasies only. She had never in her life seem a man so openly dying to piss, so handsomely holding himself, so fidgety and squirming. She was in heaven. Well all except the fact she was now dripping slowly from her private area and about to flood her consulting room with a days worth of pee. What was stopping Will moving?

Will raced back to the table and grabbed the pen. He bent over pee dancing like a child on edge, shaking he somehow finished his sentence. ‘Help’.

‘I need help’

Sarah didn’t know what deep rooted fears were preventing Will from just running to the gents. All she knew was he was on edge yet bound, desperate yet unable to bring himself to breakthrough. She had promised to help him and while this was way outside of her comfort realm, far beyond anything a therapist should ever dream of doing, unethical and absolutely unprofessional in every way she knew she had to put all that aside to help her client through this.

She gently took Will by the hand and pulled him towards the door. ‘We’ll get through this together Will. Come on.’

Will’s bladder sent another spasm as tears filled in his eyes. He had never been so vulnerable, so helpless, so dependent on another person in his life. Holding Sarah’s hand made his penis fill with blood again. Just that physical touch from a female that he had never experienced before yet had longed for forever.

Sarah pulled him to the door and pulled it open. Before he knew it they were both in the empty waiting room, running hand in hand, both with their other hands between their legs. Running, hobbling; together with the same urgent throbbing need. The only place Will could look at was the carpet so his eyes blinked when the flooring suddenly changed to white tiles and he realised he was finally in a bathroom.

‘Right, lets go’ he heard as Sarah dropped his hand and headed for a stall.

Will ran to the stall nearest the window pulling his trousers to his knees and fishing his throbbing penis from his damp boxers. He had no time to push the door shut. This hurt.

Sarah could not quite believe what she had just done. Here she was pulling her suit trousers and cotton pants down and finally sitting on the toilet at last. Just two stalls away was a man she only met half an hour ago in the ladies bathroom at her work about to unleash a full bladder. She had brought a man into the ladies! What on earth possessed her to do that? Desperation can cause you to do the craziest of things she thought as she smiled and kicked the door over while her bladder finally relaxed and exploded it’s huge contents into the toilet. She never wanted this feeling to end as she closed her eyes and thought about the man just two stalls away doing the exact same as she was.

If only Will could pee. He stood there aiming his exhausted penis to the pan willing it to work so badly. He closed his eyes listening intently to the urine exploding from Sarah two stalls away. All that did was make him hard again and he could never master peeing from an erect penis. But he so badly needed this. He so needed to push past his anxiety and get release. As much as he was now turned on he was sure he could not cum. Not with such a huge bladder and aching testicles. He tried stroking his long erection as Sarah’s pee splashed louder and more violently. He was incredibly aroused now having cum so often to videos of woman pee dancing and finally peeing. It was his secret obsession, his biggest arousal, his deepest longing. But not now. God the door or the cubicle wasn’t even closed, he wasn’t at home in privacy. No, not now penis. Not now.

Sarah could not help herself as she relaxed into her long stream, her eyes closed in ecstasy, her whole body in heaven. She momentarily forgot where she was sighing loudly in relief.

Will was losing control. Not of his bladder like he wanted but if his need to cum. Thoughts of Sarah consumed his every being. Hearing her wee, picturing her open vagina as her urethra came into sight, imagining the leaks in her underwear; Will found himself stroking his member urgently. He was hard, so hard. He hadn’t had sexual release for days and he had never been so aroused, so needy, so utterly consumed with desire for sex before. Then again he had never been touched by a female, never seen one in real life so desperate to pee, and most certainly never heard one release such an incredibly full bladder like this before. He was in heaven.

It took no time at all as he ejaculated a huge load into the toilet as Sarah sighed so close by. He wiped himself with paper longing his bladder to now be able to release. It had to happen now surely?

*012*2019-01-17 22:04

Will stood there holding his flaccid penis over the toilet bursting but yet somehow unable to relax. ‘Come on pee’ his inner voice begged but yet still nothing happened. He looked down at the leaks in his boxers reminding himself how much liquid he was holding and tied to breathe slower and chill. Still his body would not relax enough to let it all flow. This was Will’s worst nightmare as his eyes filled once again with tears, his mind returning to when this same thing last happened when he was ten. The last day he was ever in school before his anxiety reached a point he had to be home schooled and do all his exams online.

Sarah sat on the toilet longer than necessary to regain her composure a little. That had been an awesome pee; badly, very badly needed, long, intensive, beautiful and orgasmic. As she wiped the paper slid easily over her skin as her lips were so covered in mucus. She looked at it glistening on the toilet paper and noticed a lot in her underwear too. She was so turned on and would need to see to that as soon as she was home. Right now though she was in the middle of seeing a client so she flushed, opened the cubicle door and headed to the sinks to wash her hands. Will still wasn’t out yet despite her massive long pee. Maybe he had left and was back in the waiting room or consultation room? Maybe he was too embarrassed to come out while she was there? She decided to wash and dry her hands and see if she could find him. She so hoped he hadn’t done a runner with nerves. So he had been desperate to pee, what’s so wrong with that? She had too and everyone pees don’t they?

Even hearing the tap running wasn’t helping Will. He held his penis and waited. He ‘ counted to ten breathing slowly in and out. He thought of waterfalls, taps running, swimming pools, rain; anything that might stimulate his body to pee. He needed to go so bad yet his stupid nerves were preventing it. He hated himself sometimes. There was no way he could do what happened in school that day when he returned to class having been unable to pee but then his body eventually gave in and he wet himself massively. Thinking of that made things worse and try as he might Will just could not get release. He was sniffling and crying now. He just wanted home to his own toilet so badly.

Sarah checked the waiting room, consulting room and asked the receptionist if Will had left. The only place left he could be was the ladies. Even if he had needed a bowel movement Sarah was sure he ought to have finished by now. She went back into the ladies and stood trying to decide what to do. She approached the cubicle she had seen Will hobble to wondering suddenly if perhaps he hadn’t made it and he was humiliated. Not that he had any reason to be embarrassed as he had clearly held for a long time and under the circumstances these things happen. The door was ajar and she found Will now sitting on the toilet sobbing into his hands with his trousers and boxers round his knees.

Will was so humiliated. He was a failure. That was all there was to it. His bladder hurt with the volume of liquid he had in it yet his anxiety was preventing him releasing and there was no way he could leave until he had released or else he knew what would happen. This was why he never used any other bathroom outside of his apartment. This was why he avoided people. Surely everyone would know his problem?

‘Are you ok Will?’ Sarah gently asked, though wanting to slap herself for asking such a stupid question. What sort of therapist asks something so silly? She was lost, upset for her client and worried. No-one trained you for things like this.

Sarah had yet to hear Will speak so she was shocked to hear him sob the same three words he had written in the room about ten minutes prior.

‘I.....need....help’

Sarah walked as close to the door of the cubicle as she dared.

‘What sort of help do you need?’ Now that was a more direct question, befitting of her profession.

‘I....need.....to pee’

Sarah’s face looked confused and quizzical and she was extremely grateful her client could not see her expression. She was so tempted to say ‘well just pee then!’ Clearly if he could then he would have done so ten minutes ago. This was way out of her comfort zone but she could hear the anguish of her client and knew he needed help.

‘Do you need a doctor?’

‘Emmmm.....no. I just only...’

Sarah waited for his sentence to finish but it took Will time to slow his breathing enough to finish.

‘I am such a failure. I can only pee at home’ he cried.

Sarah recalled reading about this extreme social anxiety disorder, paruresis, an extreme phobia of peeing in public. It was debilitating and distressing and painful. Sarah knew Will needed her more than ever.

‘It will be ok. I’ll be right back’

*013*2019-01-17 23:23

Sarah wasn’t a trained doctor. She wasn’t sure if her client needed medical intervention like a catheter but she would do her best to help before she called for medical support. She ran to the room and filled a glass with water. Drinking water was known to relax many of her clients and maybe, just maybe it would help Will. She ran back to the ladies and handed the glass to Will covering her eyes to give him privacy. He looked terrified and so vulnerable. She instinctively touched his hunched shoulders and whispered, ‘you can do this Will. I believe in you.’

Will’s body was more tense than he realised but he had spoken to someone! That alone was huge. He had admitted his need to pee. That was beyond what he thought he would ever achieve in his lifetime. He had made it to a new place, he was still breathing, still alive, albeit semi naked in a cubicle in a ladies bathroom with a beautiful therapist just behind a semi-open door! She was not only aware of his desire to pee and his utter failure to meet his own very personal need for release but she was understanding, even sympathetic. What had she gone for? Will could think of nothing that could help him. He had already tried everything and googled until he knew the words on the sites by heart.

He took the glass of water reluctantly. His throat was dry, his body craving liquid despite his descended bladder. He drank some and tried to relax. Then she touched him...spoke to him...

And everything changed.

First a dribble escaped. Then a spurt. It stopped. Then another spurt. He was peeing! He was actually peeing! His penis shook as his stream restarted this time with a fierceness he could hardly control, especially sitting down. Sarah had made him pee! She was the key. His smile was wide, his face alight with pleasure and relief. He wanted to sing with excitement. He wanted to kiss Sarah! He was pissing, and pissing, and pissing with no sign of it ending.

He could no longer contain his excitement as he shouted “I’m pissing!”

Sarah could not believe what was happening. Hearing the drip splash, then the spurt and now a long, fierce, powerful stream! Oh my God could this guy pee! She longed to high five him, if truth be known she wanted to kiss him deeply...let’s be honest she wanted to lie with him, make love to him passionately and deeply. If his penis could piss that much what else could it do? Sarah desperately wanted home to orgasm. She would climax so well to the memory of this moment, many many times over. But Will could never know this. Not ever.

Finally Will was finished. Oh God had he needed that.

He wiped and pulled his damp boxers and suit trousers back up, finding them so much more comfortable now his bladder was empty. He could feel his face bright red, his legs struggling to take his weight. But oh he felt so much better now. Pride oozed from his very being. He had broken the bind of paruresis for the first time in four years. Always guilty of over generalising, forming rules when there didn’t need to be any, he knew what he needed to do the next time he was bursting and not at home: he needed Sarah. That was it. Every time he could no longer hold his bursting, desperate bladder until he got home he would have to get Sarah. She was his magic key.

*016*2019-01-18 00:11

{{23 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was so good so sarah is his key very interesting

}}

I’ll post the next chapter tomorrow. Thank you forreading and commenting. So glad you are enjoying it

{{6 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

This was abasilutelt fantastic really different to other stories but with believable characters even though very unusual

}}

Thank you. I like to be different and have little twists. Tune in tomorrow for the next chapter

*019*2019-01-18 11:03

As Will washed his hands Sarah could not help but smile at him. She would never forget Will, though she wondered if it was better if she never continued with counselling him. For now though there was no harm in finishing his first session, or what was left of it anyway. She had to admit it was the strangest session she had ever had with anyone in her career, but by far the sexiest too.

Will was way too embarrassed to look at Sarah as he washed and dried his hands. What must she think of him? He did feel so much more confident but maybe that was just the ecstasy of an empty bladder and the combination of the massive mental achievements he had accomplished that evening.

Both of them returned silently to the room, Will proud of himself for walking through the waiting room without having a heart attack at the thought the receptionist might still be there.

‘Well I don’t know about you Will but I sure feel much better after that break. So where were we? Yes I was talking about why you were referred.’ Sarah was trying to race through this now. One because she was still very wet and open and wanted to masterbate and two because she was struggling with her attraction to Will and the thoughts that accompanied that. She tried to continue, ‘I never had chance to explain earlier but should you wish to have a full autism spectrum condition evaluation then this isn’t carried out from here. I guess we can decide if this is something you wish to peruse at some point and I will give you a leaflet outlining the diagnosis process, timings and so forth before you leave. Of course this may not be the right avenue at present and I would have to spend more time evaluating you further before I could fully recommend it but since your GP requested this I am obliged to provide the information to you.’

Will was listening intently, though his mind was simultaneously counting how many squares in the wallpapered wall it took from floor to ceiling and from one wall to the other. Will had a keen eye for detail but he was avoiding the bodily details of the Goddess Sarah as he knew that hearing her voice was already stirring his attire and looking at her curves would make that worse. Autism or not he wasn’t really bothered. It had been mentioned many times before but his severe anxiety had always prevented him attending for assessment. ‘Spend more time evaluating you’ mmmm that was an appealing thought. Yes, he liked that idea.

‘I read in your history notes Will that you were diagnosed with severe generalised anxiety at 18. Has anyone mentioned paruresis to you before? Or selective mutism? I am keen to evaluate you, for these at least, before any assessment of autism. Anxiety and autism may be very closely related but that is no guarantee you have both.’

She had to ask this. She never normally asked a brand new client this as they often just needed told of their next appointment and left to it but this was different. The condition she wanted to assess this client for first and foremost was deeply personal and she needed to find out if he was even aware of what it was, never mind comfortable being assessed.

‘Will, I have to ask this. Do you want to continue with any assessments to diagnose and support you or are you happy to go home and continue as things are now. Either way, I totally understand.’

Will paused to think.

Sarah so wanted to continue with this client more than any other one she had ever came across. But she was entering dangerous territory and while diagnosing rare anxiety conditions was great for her career, fancying your client was asking for trouble and she knew it.

Only Will could decide for both of them.

Will hated change. He hated questioning and assessments and pressure. He could not imagine what things Sarah would want to do but even talking was a huge struggle and thus far all he had managed to say to his therapist was he needed help, he could not pee and then shouted at her that he was pissing! He wasn’t entirely clued up about social rules but even he figured this was hardly chit chat material. The thought of someone getting to know him, asking about his bathroom struggles and making him remember trauma horrified him. But this woman was beautiful, kind, gently and understanding. And her words and touch enabled him to piss when for so many years he could only do that at home. He knew enough to know that this woman had the power to change his life ...and his bladder.

He picked up the whiteboard and immediately pointed to the yes!

There wasn’t much time for anything else so Sarah handed him copies of his signed forms, a bundle of leaflets and a time to come see her again next week.

As an after thought, given the disabling nature of his anxiety, she handed him her business card.

‘Will, if it’s an emergency call me. I will do what I can to help. Ok?’

Will put the card in his pocket, tidied the leaflets in his hand into size and colour order, then put his coat on, left arm in first as always, and left with just a hint of a wave. He was back in his car and pressing home on his sat nav in minutes, just like he did everyday when leaving the office. You never knew when you needed sat nav even if you did the same route daily for years.

‘Woah. I can’t ever recall driving this road without being on the verge of peeing myself.’ He said to himself as he got onto the main road for the twenty minute journey home. He was normally driving a few miles further down this road, but, of course, he was right. It was still the same road, and he had never driven home from work ever without being absolutely bursting. Maybe one day that might change.

*021*2019-01-18 11:13

{{2 minutes ago, Despguy123 said:

Great story, really enjoyed reading this. You are a very talented writer!

}}

Thank you. Have to keep correcting mistakes because writing with a full bladder is distracting lol

*023*2019-01-18 11:15

Sarah went to her desk and write up some notes from her final client. She always made a point of writing her notes immediately after the client left while everything was fresh in her mind. On this occasion she knew it would stay fresh in her mind for many years to come but while she had ten minutes she was still best to write those notes. Where to start? She had headings on her sheet with ‘presentation in waiting room’ , ‘did client understand why they were here?’, ‘Was client communicative and willing to participate’, ‘do you feel there is value in treating this patient’.

Sarah could have written a book on this client already but she tried to focus on the facts. Presentation? That was easy: anxious, fidgety, sat in furthest away seat possible, no eye contact, no verbal communication, very restless. Sarah smiled as she thought back to how Will had arrived, clearly desperate to use the bathroom yet she had not for a moment realised. Instantly her body reacted to this memory as she closed her eyes and replayed every squirm, every fidget she had seen Will do earlier. In the privacy of her office she could not help but stroke herself through her clothing as recalling every detail of Will’s appointment pushed all her sexual buttons.

Next question: did client understand why they were there? He hadn’t spoken anything in her room as she recalled the only time she heard his voice was in the ladies. But he had communicated with body movements, by nodding and by pointing to yes and no. She was confident he knew why he was there.

‘Was client communicative and willing to participate?’ Oh her mind was drifting here to what she really wanted him to participate in with her, and that wasn’t counselling! She was stroking more at that thought, her whole body getting excited at her fantasy. She remembered how he had finally spoken in the bathroom and how much of a struggle that had been for him. He had participated on so many levels, physical, mentally and sexually....though the last one was more her private thoughts than anything.

As she recalled everything and filled in her final column about wether she felt there was value in treating this patient she closed her eyes and once again heard the first drip of his pee into the toilet, then the spurt, then a pause before his huge long torrent. Before she knew what was happening Sarah was edging close to orgasm as she thought back to Will. She shook on her seat, her underwear sodden with clear mucus and her body sweating from sexual climax. She knew this would not be the first orgasm she had thinking of Will but maybe it ought to be the last she physically saw him. Could she actually bring herself to cancel his appointment just because she was captivated by him and his struggles to pee?

She could hardly talk to her mentor about this issue though could she? But then could she think of poor Will continually will a full bladder, squirming, holding himself and dying to wee yet unable to release? He was socially isolated, bound by fear, clearly struggling with some severe post traumatic stress disorder related to peeing and she was possibly in a position to unlock all that and change his life.

For his sake she had to push her own desires aside and see him more. Next week could not come quick enough!

