Lofi girl: the mid-term is here at last

Author: Maya_wets

*000*2023-11-24 09:09

So this is my first fan fiction here I thought the lofi girl taking a test would be fun so enjoy:3

It was the day of the midterm and she studied plenty there was only on problem it starts in 10 minutes and she just woke up "oh fuck fuck fuck" she says when she sees the time. she quickly puts on a sweater and pants she is in her regular outfit. She gets a big drink of water noticing a small pain in her bladder but not paying attention to it as she was already almost late. She grabbed some thing to eat and started to run to the test she studied for so long, when there she wasn't yet later so found a sit and wait. Only now does she really realize that she has to pee she looks at the time and sees that there's one minute left she says to herself "I'll do anything to past this test it's fine". About five minutes pass and all of the tests are passed out the professor says "you all have 45 minutes to finish you may begin". Lofi girl finally feels the full extent of her bladder she tries to act as if everything is ok.

About 10 minutes later and she is only a fifth of the way done as she is focused on holding, she looks around and she sees everyone is looking down so she puts her hand on her crotch in way no one who isn't looking would realize. After 15 minutes she puts her hand in her crotch much more overly to where the TA goes up to her and asks "is everything ok miss". Lofi girl replies "yeah I just need to pee". The TA says "are you done with the test".

"No" lofi girl say. "You can go after your done okay" the TA says smiling. After about 10 more minutes Lofi girl is on the last part of the test she finishes and raises her hand one hand deep into her crotch. She waits and wait for about five minutes for the TA to come around and get her test, at this point she is at her limit she stands up hands in crotch hoping no one sees how desperate she is walking down the stairs. When she is at the bottom she starts to leak, a lot and some drops fall onto the floor the TA starts recording Lofi girl, she keeps walking tears in her eyes as she leaves a trail of bigger and bigger piss puddles until she can't stop it anymore the pee starts flowing though her fingers she stops, tears in eye her hands get covered in pee every one is watching now as she pees herself. After she is done she goes back to her sit in tears.

She got 89 on the test but +1 to make her feel better and the TA posted it online and wrote "piss girl" on the test

