Toilets For Staff Only

Author: Male

*000*2019-09-18 20:59

This short story features Ban Sang-mi, the unfortunate young lady who wet her skirt in this story.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/52420-ban-sang-mis-gaming-accident/?tab=comments&do=embed&comment=1690968&embedComment=1690968&embedDo=findComment#comment-1690968"

Today, she piddles in her skirt again...she just can't get a break.

Ban Sang-mi put her hand on the front of her little black miniskirt as she felt the cool evening breeze blow over her bursting full bladder. She really had to wee, and that was an understatement. In fact, she wasn't sure she was going to make it home. Why did she drink all that wine at her office party? She was almost asking for it. And she could only think of what her perverted boyfriend Min-Jun would say if she did have an accident. She shuddered at the thought of the disgrace. She had to get to a toilet before she humiliated herself. But where could she go? As the pressure grew every minute, she knew she wasn't going to get home without a leak. And it was late in the evening - everywhere was closed! Where was she going to go? "Her skirt" was a likely answer, but not the one she wanted to hear.

She walked down the street as quickly as she could, trying to keep herself calm and composed. She had to hold it until she got home. But that was getting harder every moment. An intense surge of pressure make her bend over and hold herself. She was still dry, just about, but the pain was becoming unbearable. If she did have an accident, well, she was wearing a black skirt. No one would probably notice except her boyfriend. But she wanted to show him she could hold it. And she could hold it, if she just tried hard enough.

She kept telling herself she could hold it, but she was still a few hundred metres away from their apartment and she was about to leak. She knew it. She just couldn't wait any longer. She was going to have an accident in her skirt. She was almost resigned to her fate, but was still determined to hold it as long as she could.

Then she saw a small cafe that was still open. She bounced a little on the spot in glee. They'd have a toilet! She was going to get home dry. Clenching her muscles hard so as not to leak, she walked briskly across the road and opened the door. A tired-looking, surly middle aged woman was waiting behind the counter.

"Hi," said Sang-mi, looking as adorable as she could while bursting to wee. "Could I please use your toilet? I'm really desperate."

"No, it's for staff only," said the woman.

"But...but I'm bursting," said Sang-Mi, fidgeting with her skirt. "I won't make it home."

"Rules are rules, this is for staff only," said the woman. "You'll just have to hold it."

"But I can't," said Sang-Mi, with tears coming to her eyes.

"Well, you'll have to wet your knickers then," said the woman. "I'm not making exceptions for you."

As if at her command, Sang-Mi felt a leak spurt into her knickers. "No...you can't...I'm going to wet myself..." She started to cry.

"Go outside then, or you'll be mopping up your own puddle," said the woman.

Sang-mi staggered outside sobbing and finally gave in. Piss gushed down her legs and pooled around her cute little feet. She was humiliated again. Why did this keep happening?

She took out her phone and texted her boyfriend.

"You would not believe what just happened...I was bursting to wee and tried to go in a cafe, the toilets were staff only...I went outside and..."

Her boyfriend's reply came quickly.

"You wet your skirt?"

"Yes," she replied. "It was horrible."

"Aww," he replied. "It's so cute when you have an accident. I'll come and get you."

Sang-mi put her phone back into the pocket of her skirt, which was clinging to her wet legs. At least she had a boyfriend who loved her, perverted as he was. Sure enough, a few minutes later, he arrived in his car.

"I've got stuff for you," he said. "A clean skirt and some toilet paper for you to mop yourself up. Get in the car."

"...you haven't got me any clean knickers," she said, knowing where this was heading.

He grinned seductively. "You won't be needing any of those." She noticed the bulge in his trousers and sighed. It would be fun once she was over the humiliation. She wiped her legs down, removed her wet socks and shoes, and changed into the black leather skirt he had brought for her. He then drove her home.

"You're going to fuck me as soon as we get in, aren't you?" she said.

"Of course," he said. "Do you have a problem with that?"

"No," she said. "I've come to accept it."

Once they were through the door, it was more than acceptance. As soon as his hand shoved up her skirt, Sang-Mi was trembling in pleasure. How could a man with such gross fetishes be so good at sex...it was ecstasy. She came to a powerful orgasm in a few minutes. But it wasn't over yet. He undid his flies, shoved her down on the couch, and started fucking her hard. It was almost painfully intense, but Sang-Mi loved it so much. Soon both of them were in climax, Sang-mi for the second time that night.

"I love you, Min-Jun," she said. "Just don't make me wee myself again."

"I can't promise that," he said. "But I can say I love you too."

That was enough.

*002*2019-09-19 09:46

Short but cute.

