Alison’s Regret

Author: Midd

*000*2018-06-06 22:14

Hey guys, this story was a commission by Rick Dixon, and he helped with the storyline and setting, so props to him for that! Hope you like it!

As always C and C welcome and appreciated!

And finally! Enjoy! I’ve attached a stock photo of Alison so you can all visualise her!

Alison, was full of regret, she had been working hard all day, intending to try and get off early so she could drive over to see her little brother’s play on sleeping beauty. But it had been a hot day, and her decision to skip bathroom breaks in favour of getting to the school all the earlier was really starting to prove a uncomfortable error. No matter how much her mom would have bitten her head off for being even later than she already is.

As she parked her car, Alison decided that she would really struggle to get through this play, knowing how long it is likely to drag on, and so walks as quickly as her tightly pressed legs would allow to the nearest bathroom.

As she is walking towards the toilets her bladder is pulsing, being so close to relief, but as she turns the corner she is met by the sight of a janitor slapping a cleaning in process sign on the door.

Alison stopped and squirmed trying to maintain some dignity as she asked.

“ err.. sir? Please can I go in first? I am really desperate and I need to go before the play starts!”

“Sorry miss you’ll just have to hold it for a minute” replied the janitor

Alison was about to protest that she might not have that long when the tannoy sounded, signalling the start of the play, and so with a humph she minced her way to her seat.

As soon as she sat down, Alison crossed her legs as tightly as she could, aiming to dash for the toilets as soon as she could.

However the curtains open to a bubbling pot of water, which did nothing to help Alison, who was trying to think of anything but liquids, and deciding that the janitor would be finished by now, got up to make a dash for it.

“Sit down! It’s almost the intermission, be polite Alison!” Whispered her mother, pulling her back into her seat with a painful jolt to her bladder, sending it sloshing around

“Would it be polite to have a flood in this hall?” Muttered Alison, her long dark hair fanning out in front of her pale face, as she slowly slipped a hand between her legs.

Alison glanced through her hair to the stage where her brother had just walked on, however she couldn’t hear his lines.

‘He must have stage fright!’

@@she thought, before wincing as the child next to her started slurping from his drink loudly, the sounds travelling straight to her strained bladder.

As she looked away from the child, her foot tapping away, and her arms crossed over her chest, she noticed the intermission sign being placed up.

This was her chance!

She slowly rose to her feet, making sure not to put any pressure on her bladder, which was bulging out over the top of her tight jeans, when she was roughly pulled back into her seat once more by her mother, her ass landing in the seat with such force that a small spurt of pee squirted out of her crotch and dampened her panties. Alison quickly placed both hands in her crotch and squeezed for all she was worth, as her mother whispered to her.

“Sit down, it starting again!”

“You can’t be serious!” Alison moaned, how could her brother do this to her?

She looked at the stage willing it to end, her brother was just about to kiss the sleeping beauty, then the curtains rolled back to reveal a running waterfall, and a random child for some reason, but Alison didn’t notice that, she was too busy bending over and shoving her hands deeper into herself in an effort not to wet herself like a child right there.

Then as if to add to her torture, the sprinklers turned on outside.

Alison had tears welling in her eyes as she felt a drop leak past her defences and trail down the inside of her thigh.

However her salvation was at hand, her brother had just kissed the girl, and now everyone was stood up and clapping as they all bowed.

Alison didn’t waste a second, she pushed past her row, not caring for the moment what she looked like, only that she made it to a toilet before she completely peed her pants.

She turned the corner and the cleaning notice was down!

“Thank god! I’m going to burst!” She cried

As the pushed the door, but she hit resistance, she pushed harder, and this time she could hear raised voices.

The door swung open to a livid looking girl.

“WHAT?!” She screamed.

“I need to use the bathroom. I..I’m going to have an accident!” Alison Stuttered.

“WAIT YOU’RE DAMN TURN!” The girl screamed before slamming the door

Alison bobbed down and wiggled her ass, trying to hold back the flood, which, being so close to relief, was pulsating against her tired muscles and getting more insistent by the minute.

But just then she heard the jangling of keys, she swivelled around to see the janitor walking to his closet.

Alison hobbled over to him and grabbed him by the shoulder, he turned around and recognition flashed in his eyes.

“Oh hi there Miss, all’s finished now!”

He Chirped

“It’s occupied, is there another.. nngh!.. toilet?!” Alison Groaned.

“Why yes! On the other side of the building!”

The janitor replied, seemingly obvious to Alison’s shaking form, with both hands buried in her crotch.

“T..thank you!”

Alison called, moving as fast as she could, hoping it wasn’t too late.

How she managed to cross the school without losing it all was a miracle, however as she opened the door to the corridor holding the toilets, she was met with an ugly sight, a long line.

“Just my luck!” Alison cried, as another spurt escaped her hold.

With no other choice, Alison joined the end of the queue, dancing around and blushing when she realised that some of the girls were looking at her and muttering, she tried to keep still but only succeeding in spurting into her soaked panties, leaving a coin sized wet patch on the crotch of her jeans.

Alison glanced at the Male toilets, with no line. There was no choice really.

She hobbled over to the door, but as she pushed on it, it swung open with such force that Alison was sent crashing into the person exiting, losing control and peeing for a full second before she managed to gain a wavering control.

Alison blushed deep crimson, It was Chris! Her high school crush!

“Oh hey Alison! I’ve not seen you in years! How are you?” Chris oozed,

“Chris, I’d love to chat, but I really need to pee and I... oh no!” Alison Sobbed, as she felt her bladder give in, and flood her jeans.

Face like a tomato, Alison sank down to her knees in her rapidly growing puddle of pee, face in her hands, her hair shielding everyone from view, as she sobbed her heart out.

‘Oh why didn’t I just pee before I left?!’

Fin

