Moon Showers (Gushing under a full moon in Singapore)

Author: MarisaEnjoyer

*000*2022-04-19 12:35

Part 1: A Warm Place

Author's foreword: This is the first part of a two part omorashi story. It is a worldbuilding prequel that describes the location that the main piece takes place in. Feel free to use your brower's "find in page" function, usually ctrl-F, to skip to the next part. Search for "Part 2: Moon Showers" if you would like to go straight into the action.

This story takes place in the garden city of Singapore, specifically at Marina Bay near the Merlion Park.

I have been an amateur writer for a long time but this is my first omorashi story. Please tell me what you think, whether you enjoyed it and how I can improve. Buckle up and start chugging water or iced tea.

As one of the oldest insurance companies in Singapore, Lion City Insurance (LCI) has been a constant companion to the city of lions since 1969. LCI believes dignity and comfort are the right of all human beings. To demonstrate our conviction to this belief we are unveiling a state of the art, all-inclusive pilot shelter for the destitute and financially vulnerable in the lower levels of our local headquarters. This shelter will include a canteen, a hotdesking room for remote work and study, and comfortable sleeping quarters. More importantly, the shelter will boast clean and modern bathrooms with showers.

This shelter will set a precedent and send a message to other major corporations and entities that the time to give back is now. Whether through similar shelters or other smaller means, LCI hopes to be the first spark in a movement.

I'll be honest. I have a particular burning hatred for large entities with vast sums of money. Entities such as the LCI claim to exist to help the common worker, yet any amount of further digging will quickly unearth that this is just another bluff. Ever looked at the fine print and conditions of your LCI insurance policy? For a company that allegedly aims to be a safety net in your time of need, they sure do give back very little. Of course, this isn't news. Why would people flush with wealth and power have any reason to care about the disadvantaged and the sick?

This is why I wasn't even fazed when LCI announced their new state of the art pilot shelter for the disadvantaged and the destitute. I blew it off as more corporate virtue signalling that would probably be a trainwreck of incompetence.

The first time I visited this shelter, I was skating through Marina Bay when I saw an older man having mechanical issues with his bicycle. I stopped to help him. It was a quick fix, but we started a conversation.

Jeremy. This man's name is Jeremy. He tells told me how thankful he is that I fixed his bicycle. It isn't much, but it is his prized possession. He uses it to get around and exercise. He offers to treat me with dinner. This surprises me, but it turns out that he isn't poor. In fact, he makes a decent wage each month and now that I look closely at him, he is wearing nicer clothes than me.

I am reminded once more of the harsh reality of Singapore's housing situation. Here is a relatively well-off man who, despite his healthy finances, cannot afford or find a flat.

We talk at length in a restaurant dinner about the experience of living destitute in Singapore. Jeremy shares more about his past, including the reason he does not have a home to return to, and his ongoing difficulties in finding housing. He then offers to show me where he lives which, to my surprise, is the LCI shelter.

Me and Jeremy walk up to a large but rather unassuming door. Jeremy touches the biometric keypad. It unlocks for his thumbprint, the automatic door sliding open.

Stepping inside, I am blown away by how spacious and cozy the place is. The floor is laminated wood, and everything is shades of beige. The lights are a dim and warm orange. Jeremy parks his bicycle at the bicycle rack next to the door. He does not use his bicycle lock.

Jeremy offers to show me around the place, but tells me to be quiet. I leave my socks on, tiptoeing around to minimize noise. The shelter is laid out in a linear fashion, with a path connecting all of the rooms in sequence. The first room is a small hotdesking room. It is slightly elevated and protrudes out from the building. It is equipped with comfortable chairs and large tables, complete with socket strips. Jeremy tells me that the residents can choose to turn on warm ambient light when studying at night, and will turn them off when the room is unoccupied. However, the people working tonight have chosen to leave the lights off. This puts the room in pitch black, and allows moonlight to enter through three massive bay windows which take up the entirety of 3 protruding walls of the room. The windows provide a spectacular view of Marina Bay, and the moon which hangs above it. There are one or two people still up working.

Like the rest of the shelter, all the chairs, tables and walls are presumably a soft shade of very light beige, almost white but not quite. In the pitch blackness of the room, it is impossible to tell. Jeremy tells me that even though it might not seem like much, this hotdesking room is used by people in the shelter for everything from studying to remote work. Many people depend on this room to keep their careers and studies afloat.

The next room we enter also has a large window. However, the tables and chairs here are benches instead. There is one food store and one drink store which are open 24/7. Jeremy tells them that while the food here is good, those who are well-off like him will often visit restaurants to treat themselves.

Next, we pass by series of several doors. Jeremy tells me that each of them is a separate joined toilet and shower. This, he tells me, allows the residents the basic human dignity of privacy. Having lockable doors and a room all to yourself to use is a key comfort that many destitute people rarely get to enjoy, and for this he is grateful. Just like the rest of the shelter, the inside of the toilets is warmly lit. Unlike the hotdesking room, these warm lights give off enough of a glow to see well in the bathrooms. They are all very clean. Each of these bathrooms even has a bidet and a hotel-style sink counter and mirror.

The final series of rooms is a collection of separate quarters, again with lockable doors. Each of the shelter's residents gets a small but private sleeping quarters with a single bed, a chest of drawers, and a window with blinds. Jeremy shows me his quarters. Their opaque door allows for privacy, and a light switch allows him to sleep in complete darkness. This would not be possible in a dormitory, which still requires some light to enter the room so that anyone coming or leaving to use the bathroom at night can see where they are going.

With that, Jeremy yawns and says that he is going to wind down for the day. He tells me that I can come and visit him around the same time each day, which is when he does a short ride around the city with his sparse free time in order to keep healthy.

As I walk out of the shelter, a strange reality begins to sink in. The place is actually pleasant to live in. Even though its capacity is currently very small due to it being a pilot project, it is undeniable that the people who proposed the project actually cared about what they were doing... which was a strange thing to say about executives from a large corporate entity.

Maybe absolute wealth doesn't corrupt absolutely.

Part 2: Moon Showers

Author's foreword: There are three climaxes to this story, one for each time the girl pees, with no relation to when she cums. The second is much more intense than the first, so hold out for that if you can. The third is a bonus for the afterglow. Also, there is a pure focus on the girl with no attention given to the guy despite it being written from his POV

A couple of weeks ago, I went to my second anime convention ever with my friend. He told me that he was going to this convention specifically so that he could see this one cosplayer who he kept calling "mommy Rachel". I didn't quite understand what the fuss was about... until I saw her.

Rachel, for lack of a better word, is thick as fuck. She is best described as an "ara ara machine". Despite being 27, she looks much younger than 25. Honestly, the first thing I noticed about her was her massive tits, and that's the way it stayed for a while. Whenever I thought of her, I thought of her tits. Rachel was tits.

Of course, it's not just tits that Rachel has to offer. She is thick all over, with massive thighs joined to a huge but round ass with a noticeable line.

You can imagine my surprise when she sent me a few DMs on Instagram. We started chatting, getting close over time. One day, she invited me out for dinner at Marina Bay.

Rachel turns up wearing a long, heavy coat that goes all the way down to her feet. I find this odd, but I don't comment on it. Throughout the night, I am constantly aware of the fact that Rachel can't seem to ever get enough water. She drinks bottle after bottle of mineral water, including a few cups of iced tea. I ask her if she is feeling alright, but she says she is fine. I suggest that she should slow down, but she refuses. I can tell something is on her mind, so I suggest that we take a walk along the Bay to get some fresh air.

Our walk takes us up to the Merlion. Even in the middle of a pandemic and in the middle of the night, Singapore's iconic lion-mermaid statue is still spewing a constant and noisy stream of water. I take a moment to appreciate the soothing sound of crashing water, and it is now that I notice a look of vague discomfort on Rachel's face. The sound seems to be troubling her, causing her to look almost panicked. As we walk back southbound she begins fidgeting, then bouncing. Just a few hundred meters in, she is already crossing and uncrossing her legs. I ask her point blank what is wrong, and she tells me that she has to pee. I panic. The nearest toilets that I know the location of for sure are the ones at the Merlion and the one in the Shoppes. Both of them are much too far from our location, and I know that Rachel will not make it.

As I am thinking, a wave of pain hits Rachel's bladder. A pained expression flashes across her face, and I know that we do not have much time. I briefly consider if it would be illegal for her to walk up to the railing and urinate into the Bay. The answer is clearly yes. What if she relieved herself into one of the nearby planters? Surely that would be less illegal. Still, it's less than an ideal solution.

Right on cue, I notice a guy riding on a very familiar bicycle. It's Jeremy, a friend of mine who lives in a fancy homeless shelter in the nearby LCI building. I yell to him, and he comes to a stop. I explain that I have a bit of a situation. The girl I'm with-- no Jeremy, she's not my girlfriend, but I wish she was-- really needs to use the bathroom. Jeremy does not even hesitate, and takes us hurriedly to the shelter.

Even while we brisk walk, Rachel is already stripping off her long coat. She slides it off, revealing her naked shoulders. Her skin is light, smooth and flawless. Next to be exposed are her D-cup breasts, which jiggle violently with each step. I notice that she isn't wearing a bra. Instead, her top is held up by two bands attached to her upper arms. Around her neck there is a thick black choker with a metal heart outline dangling from it.

Actually, what kind of a top is this? It reveals everything, and the part cupping her breasts is bordered by a frilly white. The rest of the top is pitch black. As the coat falls off entirely, I can now see that Rachel is wearing a one piece shaped after a swimsuit. One of her legs is bare except for a fishnet stocking, while the other has a torn pantyhose held up by a garter belt. The bottom of her one piece suit arcs aggressively, exposing the line where her torso meets her thigh.

A large amount of skin is visible, and the exposed area encroaches on her belly. Her entire pubic area is visible, and there is barely enough fabric to cover her pussy. Perched on her large butt is a small cotton tail, like that of a rabbit. I note curiously that Rachel is chubby, but to just the right amount. Just as I expected, she is thick all over. Everything from her face to her breasts, her thighs to her butt is ample and full. Despite this, her skin is flawless. There are no creases or folds, and all of her is smooth and well defined.

After removing the coat, Rachel lets out a strangely adorable squeaking noise before jamming her hands against her pussy. After Jeremy unlocks the door to the shelter, he tells us to go ahead first. Rachel does not hesitate, stomping loudly into the shelter with no care for anyone who might still be awake and working. Once we are out of sight of Jeremy, Rachel asks for her bag. She removes a gray haired wig and a set of bunny ears, putting them on. She also puts on a set of black fingerless leather gloves.

Is she...putting on a cosplay? At a time like this? Something is off. I can hear her breathing become ragged. it is tortured, but also oddly... pleasured? A manic edge grows in her breathing, and I think I can hear her shudder a little. Somehow, for some reason I cannot explain, she is enjoying this. As she finishes wearing the outfit, I can see that she is dressed as a bunny girl version of some character I can't identify.

Rachel jams her hand against her pussy once more, this time even harder. A wild look flashes across her face, and she begins rubbing herself. She hobbles with her hands between her legs over to the first toilet, sliding the door open violently. I struggle to close it behind us and lock it. I expect that she would head for the bowl immediately, but she doesn't. The shower, then? That would be interesting. Nope. Once she sees that the door is closed, Rachel hoists herself up onto the large, cold marble countertop. She then plops her entire body down unceremoniously, sending a shockwave that travels up her butt and through her massive tits.

As she sits down, I notice that her bunny suit lacks an in-built corset, and it begins to crease at the belly. As I watch, fat rolls form. Her large butt flattens against the hard surface, and she hangs her legs over the edge facing me. The part of her thighs hanging over the edge begin to droop from gravity. Once again, she begins stroking her pussy through the fabric of the suit, pausing only to ask me in a slightly crazed tone "wanna see?"

I manage to snap myself out of my trance long enough to stutter out "y..yes". Rachel spreads her legs, and pulls my head in close to her crotch. Her scent is overpowering. Some of it is her sweet perfume. But part of it is just... her. A deeply intoxicating scent emanates from her crotch. With a gloved hand, she pulls the fabric of her bunny suit aside to expose her pussy. To my surprise, there are no beef curtains. Instead, Rachel has a neat but somewhat loose innie pussy. She takes her hands off me to spread her pussy lips.

Pink. I see a perfect sea of bright pink.

Bright pink that is smooth and interrupted only with a small bump and two holes. As I look deep into Rachel, I don't notice her biting her lip. What I do notice is a loud hissing noise and, a split second later, a jet of clear liquid hitting my face. It is warm and smells intoxicatingly sweet and absurdly pleasant.

It tastes mildly salty.

Rachel, still with her fingers spreading her lips, thrusts her hips outward slightly.

The next jet of urine flies low, landing onto my chest. As it soaks into my clothes and dribbles down slowly it causes a warm, fuzzy and very wet feeling. For some strange reason, I feel like I've just been given a warm hug, only much better. So large was the jet that as it soaks into my clothes, it begins to cover my entire body, leaving not a single cold spot. I feel like I'm a hot tub. No, a hot tub isn't quite right. I feel like I'm in a hot tub filled entirely with Rachel's pee, and I cannot explain why I love it.

I'm busy enjoying my wonderful gift when Rachel lets out a sound that is halfway between a moan and a squeak. The hiss is back once more, and for a bit longer this time. Again, Rachel thrusts her hips forwards, this time more violently. A long jet of urine hits my face directly. It's still hot from her body heat, almost painfully so. My whole face is now soaked, and the pleasant scent of her urine now overwhelms my senses entirely. It's in every pore of my face, dripping down onto my neck and body. Her clear nectar is covering everything in a salty yet sweet layer.

Once last time, Rachel moans and thrusts. A long jet of piss sprays high up, missing me and trashing the toilet. It's on the shower curtain, the shower head, the walls... some of it is now dripping from the ceiling like indoor rain.

After letting out those intermittent jets of urine, Rachel closes her legs and clamps her hands over her peehole. This seems to send a wave of pain through her, and when she opens up her legs again I can see that her clitoris is completely red and engorged. Her pussy lips and the area around it are also a shade of red.

Rachel grabs my hand and forces me to stroke her as euphoria flashes across her face. Faster and faster she moves my hand until I take over, leaving her hands free to pull her top down. She grabs at her own breasts, rubbing them. I can see that she is rapidly losing her mind. She then asks to switch. With trembling hands, she puts my hands on her breasts and I start to massage them while she strokes her pussy.

Still, I can tell that Rachel needs more force to finish. She tries to rub my leg against her crotch, but the counter is in the way. A few awkward seconds go by as we try to find a way for her to rub against my leg, but the marble slab counter isn't helping things at all.

Frustrated, Rachel hops off the counter, taking off the swimsuit portion of the bunny suit and discarding it in the shower. With her still wet hands, she unlocks the toilet door and slides it open. I try to stop her, but to my horror she grabs my hand and leads me along, stomping loudly through the shelter. I am painfully aware that her bare ass and pussy are exposed to the cold night air and anyone lucky enough to walk by. Thankfully by this time the people working at the hotdesking room have gone to sleep, leaving the room in pitch blackness. Rachel drags me all the way up to the bay window in that room. I now notice that there is a long couch there, giving the perfect view of the full moon over the Bay. The moon is bright tonight, and it bathes the room in an ethereal silver light.

Rachel shoves me unceremoniously down onto the couch into a sitting position. She then climbs onto me, throwing her arms around my neck. Kicking off her shoes, she begins tribbing, rubbing her pussy lips against my thigh and torso.

Soft and squishy. Everything is soft and squishy. Her bulbous butt wraps itself around my thigh, a sensation I can only describe as heavenly. Better still is her squishy pussy, which she begins thrusting against me over and over. Tighter and tighter she grips my back, now shoving her crotch onto mine with each thrust. I hold on to her too, thrusting to her rhythm, locked into her embrace. Her friction. Her softness.

Rachel's warm breath comes out in gasps and soft moans that hit my neck, and the smell of her real hair under the gray wig seems to grow stronger over time. I close my eyes to savour the moment, allowing wave after wave of pleasure and satisfaction to wash over me. I let my head go loose with pleasure. When I open my eyes with my head pointed away from Rachel, I find that my gaze has come to rest on what was in my blindspot a few seconds ago. A CCTV camera. Sure enough, as I focus harder on it, I can see that the lens is pointed in our direction.

"R...Rachel...." I manage to stutter. I ask her if she wants to stop, in view of the fact that we are right under a camera. To my dismay she lets out a manic chuckle. Her moans get more and more pronounced, loud to an almost vulgar degree.

What the fuck is this? Does she not care about waking up the residents? No... she enjoys this. She enjoys being watched.

Rachel has lost all control. She is now thrusting her entire body frantically against mine, rubbing her somehow still engorging clit harder and harder. Her pussy lips and inner thighs are now bright red from the friction. I can feel small dribbles of urine leaking from her pussy, and as she thrashes they drip all over my body. Her loud and unrestrained moans mix in with pleasured laughter. She's having an amazing time riding me, like I'm a damn rollercoaster.

Rachel is saying something. What is she saying? I can barely make it out. Everything coming out of her mouth sounds like a moan at this point. She's going to.... oh no, she's going to cum. I pull her into me with each thrust, and her tribbing becomes longer and harder with each stroke. Faster and faster, more and more. Her body slams against mine, sending waves of her sweet scent against me. Urine, sweat and pheromones mix together into a deadly cocktail. I can feel myself losing sanity, my grip on reality sliding away.

I am brought back to my senses when Rachel lets out a long and drawn out moan. Her pelvis is now thrusting itself. I pull her against my belly, and I can feel the entirety of her pelvis pulsating powerfully and slowly. Everything from her pelvic floor to her vagina rises and falls in perfect rhythm. With a ragged breath, I can just barely make out Rachel asking me to turn her around to face the window, so I do.

She goes soft with pleasure, melting in my arms as a now familiar loud hissing begins. Her dam has burst, and a great surge of pee shoots out from her now rapidly deflating bladder. The firehose stream flies up a couple of meters high, pelting the laminated wooden floor with enough liquid to ensure it is beyond repair. Rachel is pissing like a racehorse now, and her stream keeps getting stronger. It gains distance and hits the bay window, giving anyone still awake at Marina Bay a front row view of a watersports event of a lifetime, one which would make anyone wish they were in the splash zone.

Hiiiiiiiiissssssss

The urine hits the window with so much force that most of it is thrown directly back at us, showering us with a gentle drizzle. The urine which clings to the window fans out into a massive vertical puddle with enough violent ripples to render much of the window completely distorted. It flows down in a continuous waterfall directly on the floor, where the water level keeps rising. It's starting to look like our shopping district "ponding" during monsoon season.

That's the government's euphemism for it's fucking flooding.

The puddle on the floor keeps growing, rapidly and aggressively. The tidal wave of piss keeps on advancing. I'll need a boat to get out of here and I do not care. My arms, wrapped around Rachel's torso, can feel her bladder bulge get smaller and smaller as her breathing gets faster and faster. A wicked idea flashes across my mind, and I press down on her bladder. Rachel's stream immediately becomes much stronger, and for a second I'm afraid the walls of her urethra won't hold. As Rachel slouches backwards into a lying position on me the stream gains height, hitting the ceiling and raining down on the couch from above us.

There's no hope for this shelter now. LCI really did put their all into this place, and they've improved the lives of so many people but it's all over now. We just had to come in and ruin it. Rachel just had to pee EVERYWHERE, and I just had to let her do it. Now that there is urine on virtually every surface of the hotdesking room, it will be hard for them not to cordon off this biohazard zone permanently. Still, in my selfish mind, I just cannot bring myself to care. The warm indoor rain of Rachel's urine feels too good, and her soft body in my arms is all the comfort I need. In this moment I am complete.

Slowly and gradually, Rachel's stream dies down and I notice how heavy she is. My arms are tired, and my legs are completely numb. Maybe she is a lot thicker than I initially realised. Still smiling, she opens her eyes slowly and pulls me into a hug, pressing her piss-soaked body against my cum-soaked torso. I stroke her wig, but I feel like something isn't quite right.

Gently, I take the bunny ears off Rachel's head and pull the wig off her scalp. Then, I gently remove her extended lashes, followed by her gloves. Finally, I take off her stocking and pantyhose. Now I get to see the real Rachel. Without all of the frills she looks older. She looks her actual age of 27. Without the lashes her eyes are small and aged. Without the stocking and pantyhose her thighs look fat instead of thick. Without the top her breasts are a bit saggy. But I don't care. I still think she's hot, or hell, even hotter. After all, I don't want a wild bunny girl.

I just want Rachel.

After all of that insane shit, I lead Rachel back into the shower and hose her down rapidly. We don't have much time, and once I see that the coast is clear I drag Rachel into a dash for the front door. I get Rachel to put on her long coat once more to cover herself up. As we try to act normal and walk towards Bayfront MRT, I notice a trail of droplets forming on the tiles behind Rachel. Small circles that very distinctly colour the grey tiles black.

You've got to be kidding me. After all that, she's still not done? I tell her to release some of it into a nearby bush, so she pops a squat and does so. Just seconds later, however, I spot someone passing by. I tell Rachel, and she immediately gets up from her squatting position.

We keep moving, but Rachel begins to leak again near to the Shoppes. I ask her if she can hold on for a while longer, but she tells me that her bladder is already filling up. She has to pee, now. I highly doubt that. Before I can stop her, however, Rachel is removing her coat once more. She dashes excitedly towards the railing over the water, grinning like she is about to do something very naughty. Still standing, she grabs the railing, pushing her hips forwards and allowing her bladder to relax. The loud hissing returns and a long, continuous stream of urine flies in a wide arc before splashing noisily into the Bay.

On one hand, I wish I was a fish in the water that Rachel is peeing in. On the other hand, I'm in a state of panic wondering what the combined fine for indecency, environmental pollution and public urination would be. Still, I manage to bring myself back into the moment and appreciate what is happening in front of me. A painfully hot girl under the light of the full moon, standing with her hips thrust forward, a massive arc of urine flowing from her reddened pussy. It is then that I realise that this is everything I have ever wanted from life. It is then that I realise some things are worth the risk of being thrown in jail and bankrupted with fines.

Dear Singapore,

It is with great disappointment that Lion City Insurance is announcing our new shelter has been defaced. Last night, a young adult male and female appearing to be a couple entered the shelter through the goodwill of one of its residents, who will remain anonymous. CCTV footage shows that the female was fully nude when she began urinating in the open. Please know that the culprits have no connection to LCI whatsoever, and they are not residents of the shelter. We have stored the footage of the crime, and are working with the relevant authorities to track them down. LCI does not place any blame on the residents of the shelter, or the resident who let the culprits in. We are aware of the countless stereotypes that our society has formed against the destitute, and would like to remind the public to pass judgement based on actions and not status. To that end, the residents are clearly innocent.

It bears repeating that this act is morally outrageous and directly damaging to the welfare of the shelter's residents. LCI urges would-be offenders of all kinds to think before they act. To consider the damage that they do to others, in particular the less fortunate. 

