Olivia's Sleepover

Author: masonhockey

*000*2017-03-26 07:42

Olivia’s Sleepover

It was Friday night, Olivia reached out and shut the water off to the shower. She could just see her reflection in the glass sliding door. She stopped for a moment and gazed on at her body, her bright blue eyes, dark brown hair, slim body that was complimented by her beautiful breasts and shaved genitals. In her mind, she felt like she was different than her friends, though not physically. When Olivia would look on at herself, she would imagine Lauren, her best friend who bared similar characteristics to herself, only with extraordinarily long blond hair that reached her mid back, and dark brown eyes. In her mind she could only imagine reaching down and touching her best friend… She snapped out of it and thought to herself “I’m nineteen, why can’t I be normal” and proceeded to open the sliding door of the shower and grab her phone.

While wiping the steam off her screen, she saw two alerts from Sarah. The first was a text reading “Hey are your parents still going to be gone this weekend!?”. Next was a snapchat of a cheap bottle of vodka she stole from her parent’s liquor cabinet. Olivia took replied with a selfie from the shoulders up saying “Yeah, my parents shouldn’t be back till Monday afternoon” with a smile on her face. She grabbed her towel, dried off then got dressed. She put on dark jeans and a light green top.

2 HOURS LATER…

Olivia saw her phone light up, it was a snap from Sarah with a picture of her front door saying “here”. The door opened and Sarah stepped in closely following was Lauren, which Olivia was surprised since she had no idea she was coming. Things proceeded like they usually do, it wasn’t till later after they had finished watching a movie that Sarah pulled out the booze and three shot glasses she took from home. After they were poured Lauren toasted with “Drink up bitches!!” many drinks later, things got fuzzier and fuzzier.

Next thing she knew Olivia woke up in bed and rolled over, and she felt it, that familiar feeling, her bed was wet. She thought to herself “I’m too old to wet the bed, and jeez it’s too much to clean up, pants are so much easier, I can just take them off and toss them in the washer”. She reached down and felt her crotch but it wasn’t wet, and became confused. Olivia rolled over, the sunlight poking through the shades was blinding, then she was startled by movement to her right, she saw Lauren out cold in her bed…

Olivia got to thinking, oh god what did I do last night, what did I say, why is the bed wet! Was it Lauren? Oh My God did we… you know… have sex? “Hey you’re up” Lauren quietly said as she woke up. “What the… Olivia did you wet the bed?!?” Olivia thought to herself, what do I say… Both of them got out of bed and looked at each other, Olivia’s whole left side of her body was wet, her green sleeping shorts and her shirt from the night before. Olivia looked at Lauren’s jeans from the night before, there was a faded wet stain from her crotch to her knees, that looked familiar, like her pants after she was kneeling in the shower and wet herself. Along with that, her right side was still freshly soaked looking. Olivia asked Lauren “do you remember much from last night?” Lauren was wide eyed and froze up like a deer in headlights, “Lauren?” Olivia asked… She snapped out of it and said that she didn’t remember much and that she was sorry she wet herself in Olivia’s bed.

15 MINUTES LATER

Olivia leaned back against her washing machine after she put in her sheets and clothes. She thought to herself, “Why were the front of her jeans wet… did I forget actually seeing her wet herself…” she started to imagine watching as her crotch started to glisten and the wetness slowly spreading across her thighs and then down her legs as she was kneeling on her bed… Lauren snapped her out of her thoughts, in just a bra and underwear. “Do you have an extra pair of pants I can borrow?”

“Yeah” and she had a thought, give her the yoga pants usually wets in, a light grey pair of that were extra tight fitting in the butt. She went to her room and grabbed them and tossed them back to her. She could feel that she was getting damp just with the thought of her wearing the pants the she peed in not only two days earlier… Lauren thanked her and slipped them on. “These are a little tight on me” she said and Olivia smiled and said yeah, but I don’t have much else clean right now.” They made their way upstairs and Sarah was sitting at the counter and looked over and gave a weird grin and said, “you two are finally up!” with an odd tone in her voice. Lauren said “Yeah, I don’t remember much from last night.” Sarah laughed and said, good thing you had me record everything!

TO BE CONTINUED…

*003*2017-03-28 08:27

After Sarah’s comment, all Olivia could think about was what she may have said or done. Sarah said “Come, Sit!”. Both Lauren and Olivia looked at each other worried, Sarah asked what the last thing they remembered was. Olivia thought hard, and came to the conclusion that the last thing she remembered clearly was looking for her phone charger. Olivia looked at Lauren “How about you?”, she replied with “When we were ordering the pizza”. Sarah smiled and said “Well I’ve got a lot to tell you then! Sit down, I’ll start with…

THE NIGHT BEFORE

Olivia disappeared from the basement and headed up the stairs, Lauren looked over at Sarah and exclaimed “She is really talkative tonight!!”, “Yeah!” she said back. Olivia came back down the stairs swinging her phone charger like a lasso and told the others that she was hungry. They ordered pizza and 2 bottles of pop with it. After about a half hour when the pizza showed up Olivia noticed looked over at Lauren polishing off her fourth bottle of lemonade. Sarah quickly stood up and ran up to get the pizza, Olivia said “Damn, what is that your third bottle?”.

“No” she replied laughing, “It’s my fourth!” She sat up quickly and cleared her throat then leaned back. Olivia asked her “Everything alright?”. She smiled and looked over and said “I…”. Sarah came running downstairs and screamed “I don’t have enough for the tip!” in a jokingly tone. Olivia grabbed a 10 from her purse and tossed it to her. Another minute of hanging out in the basement Sarah came back down the stairs with pizza and pop. Olivia got up to get some plates from upstairs, when she left Lauren looked over at Sarah and said “we should do something fun once were done eating!” She said “Yeah, I’ll come up with something!”

By the time they were done eating and making small talk, Sarah said “Ok Lauren, I’ve got an idea for something to do!”.

“We can play truth or dare for a bit!”, since they all were looking for something fun to do after drinking a bit. They all sat down on the floor and laid out the rules, Olivia said if you choose truth then you have to do the last dare that you had someone do along with answering the question. Lauren and Sarah looked at each other and shrugged it off, they figured it could make it interesting. Sarah quickly spoke up and said “oooh I’m first!” Lauren quickly said “ok then! Truth or dare!”. Sarah said “no, wait, I meant I wanted to ask first!”

“too bad! Truth or Dare?” Sarah said dare and Lauren got to thinking about what she was going to tell her to do. “I dare you to record everybody’s truth and dares!”. She thought about it for a moment and came up with one. “I dare you to read your last text out loud!”. She got a little pale for a second and said ok, “I sent Allie a text that said Hey with a winky face”. Lauren said “oooooooh getting your girl crush on!” in a joking tone, but this started a thought in Olivia’s mind. About twenty minutes of not very eventful truth or dare, it was Olivia’s turn to dare one of them. “I dare you to strip your pants off!” Her eyes got wide, and she said “No I can’t!” Olivia thought to herself, why “can’t” she… why didn’t she say I don’t want to… im confused… “Earth to OLIVIA” Sarah said, “oh sorry, these drinks must be getting to me”. Olivia asked “why can’t you take them off? It’s a dare, you’ve gotta!”.

“It’s a little embarrassing…” she replied. “Why is that?” Sarah said in an excited tone. Lauren started pulling down her pants, “Don’t laugh!”. She was pulling them down and her beautiful butt came into view with her light green panties. Olivia instantly could feel herself getting a little damp, just thinking about reaching and grabbing her friend… so close.

Lauren turned around and there was a small wet patch in the crotch of her underwear. Lauren pleaded “I had to go to the bathroom… I’m good now”. Olivia responded with “Oh my god I’m so sorry!”, “you know what it’s fine… I feel more feel more free now!” as she was saying it she was shaking her hips back and forth with a smile on her face. Sarah looked over at Olivia “Well you definitely made things interesting! Lauren sat back down slowly, to Olivia it was obvious she still had to pee, the feeling was all too familiar… Lauren sat down and looked around the room, now that it was her turn to choose her next victim she was ready to dare Olivia. Lauren had a good dare in order to get her back for getting her to show her pee sodden panties, “Truth or Dare Olivia” she said with a devious tone.

Olivia was feeling a bit horny now seeing her friend in a pair of underwear that she had peed in! It was getting to be so much… “Truth” she exclaimed. This took Lauren off a bit, “ok, why did you dare me to take my jeans off?” at this point they were all pretty tipsy. “Honestly… I wanted to see you without any pants on…” the three of them were quiet for a second, when Lauren replied with “Well thank god, I can finally see you without yours on! Olivia saw Sarah quickly perk up, “wait, soooo… you like her too??” she asked Lauren. Lauren sat up with a look of curiosity on her face. “Wait… ummm Olivia, you like me?? Like, like like me?” Olivia glared over at Sarah “Why would you say that!”

“She wasn’t supposed to know!”, “Olivia why do you think I brought her here, she likes you too you goof!” Lauren looked up and smiled…

“Well your next job is to take your pants off, you chose truth so you have to also do my dare!” Olivia smiled and took them off, Sarah sat back smiled because she now gets to see two of her best friends in their underwear. “well I guess there’s no reason to be worried now that you know” when Olivia pulled her pants down her light grey panties were slightly damp in the crotch. “I’ve gotten a little excited since you took your pants off. Lauren leaded back against the couch in bliss. It was now Sarah’s turn to ask one of them, she looked to Olivia. “Truth or Dare”, “Truth!” she said hoping she would end up getting to explain why she likes Lauren. “What turned you on most when she pulled her pants off?”… “Hahaha, Olivia broke out laughing, Definitely her pee stained panties!” she said with such confidence.

(Morning After) “There is no way I said that last night!”, “Oh honey, that’s not the least of it!” exclaimed Sarah. Lauren laughed and said “wow, that must explain my wet pants and Olivia’s wet bed!” Sarah spun around in the chair at the counter where they were talking. “Nooo, what! Spill now, you two talk!”.

“Umm when I woke up my bed was soaked with pee”, “It was my fault” said Lauren. Sarah replied with “wow, you said you were going back to Olivia’s room to record a video” she said with a wink “I just didn’t realize it would be like that!”. Olivia pulled out her phone from her pocket, went to her videos and saw that there were three videos recorded from last night. One of them taking their first shot, the next a video of when they were playing Truth or Dare.

Lauren: Ok its your turn!

Olivia: Why it’s not even a dare! For Sarah it was!

Sarah: You know one of us will make you do it anyways soon!

The camera pans from Lauren’s dark wet crotch to Olivia’s Jeans, She knelt up.

Olivia: Oh my god this is going to be orgasmic with you both watching

The crotch of Olivia’s jeans were glistening with pee, spreading across the front of her thighs and down the front and back of her pants. The trail of pee on the back of her jeans began wrapping around the front by her knees.

Olivia: It’s sooooo warm, oh I just wanna…

Lauren: You wanna what!

Olivia: I want to get my vibrator sooo bad and just hold it here

Sarah: While you’re wetting yourself?

Olivia: It feels amazing when I’m peeing my panties. Im almost done, im not going to finish, I want to be able to go more later!

The camera panned to Lauren who was wide eyed

Lauren: I…I…

Olivia zoomed in on her crotch and she was leaking in her panties right in front of them. It was coming out in spurts. Her tight panties were glistening then going dark then glistening again and again.

Sarah: oh my! You really are getting into this!

Sarah crawled into view between the camera and Lauren. The whole back of Sarah’s night shorts were completely soaked.

The video ended and Sarah looked at them and said “oh my, I didn’t realize I pissed my pants last night…”, Lauren chimed in “well obviously you were enjoying it too” she said with a smile and a snarky tone. “Well… I have done it a few times before… When we’re at the beach, and we are all laid out soaking up the sun I like to lay and let it out slowly…” Olivia smiled and said “Damn I wish I could have noticed… at least we still have tonight to have some more fun!”

