LY（name）-an Chinese campus desperation story

Author: mswoiu

*000*2021*06*09 20:28

This fiction is written by me in Chinese and translated to English by Google.I would like to share it with international friends and hope your valuable advice，though it may be odd if you'd never seen Chinese desperation fiction before.

Opening the outer packaging of this electronic product, but there is a pair of briefs inside, which really makes LY confused. Can I use this to improve learning efficiency, or is it just a prank?  But LY soon discovered that this pair of pants is different from ordinary underwear. There is a sandwich in the middle of the fiber fabric, which makes the whole underwear soft but not elastic. It is more like a technological product.  Go out the pants, there are some thick instructions and some accessories in the box, LY picks up the instructions.

Do you use forced urine to restrain people's behavior to achieve the purpose of improving learning efficiency... I really didn't expect it.  LY knows that lack of punishment is hard to make people motivated, and holding back urine can definitely be regarded as a cruel punishment. It happens that there is such a novel thing, maybe it is a godsend, of course, you have to try it.

Although my bladder is not small, I love to drink water very much. After a long time, I feel uncomfortable bloating, so I hate holding back urine.  As a master of time management, in the third year of LY, I have very tight schedules every day. I rarely have free time. Sometimes I am in a hurry to go to the toilet, but because I ask the teacher for questions and other reasons, I am delayed in get out of class time and have to urinate. Water spends the next class together.  It can be said that there is nothing LY wants to get rid of more than holding back urine.

In the eyes of relatives and friends, LY is definitely a child blessed by heaven.  Even without the company and education of his parents, LY has been very sensible and motivated since childhood.  With excellent grades in the class, I will take the initiative to take on housework when I go home.  LY doesn't think so, and even feels that she is a little stupid than others in some aspects. It takes more time to complete the same work. The only motivation to support her to become a master is constant self-spurring.

This summer vacation after graduating from junior high school, after unremitting efforts, LY finally got admitted to the ideal high school, originally intended to relax, but unexpectedly became an indulgence.  LY looks sweet and enthusiastic about everyone, so it is inevitable to be asked to go out in various places every other time.  Playing games with classmates all day long on weekdays until late at night, the previous routine of work and rest was completely disrupted.  Very curious, she even secretly learned to masturbate herself, and life can be described as drunk and dreamy.

These trousers are soft, thin and close-fitting, and there is no gap between them. After putting them on, it is impossible to forcefully remove them with tools without hurting themselves. Moreover, the trousers will release micro-currents to stimulate the nerves to make the wearer.  The pain was so painful that it was impossible for LY to complete it independently.  The appearance of the pants looks the same as ordinary briefs, but the main body is made of high-strength fibers.  There are three hidden openings and a charging hole underneath, which are usually invisible at all, and the skin can only be exposed when opened.  With self-cleaning ability, the skin does not need to be cleaned. The three ports will automatically open when taking a bath, but there can be no illegal operations other than washing, otherwise you will be punished after washing.

The three mouths have their own opening time regulations. The urinary mouth will not be opened during class and when you should go to bed. It can be opened at most once every hour at other times. Punishment will reduce the time or frequency of opening.  The vagina will only open during the menstrual period, mainly to prevent yourself from touching it. Of course, the act of stroking the vagina through the pants will also be punished.  The rear mouth is generally open at any time except for class and sleep time.

As for drinking water, it is stipulated that at least eight cups of normal water cup size look like every day. Originally, LY does not need to pay too much attention to it. But this means that you cannot reduce the amount of water you drink because you feel holding back. You need to pay attention.

At first glance, it seems that there are no strict or substantive regulations for learning, but if a certain test score is significantly lower than the previous ranking, or any lifestyle harmful to health, inappropriate words and deeds, including non-  Active participation in activities and completion of specified tasks may be punished.  There will be no punishment for making a mistake for the first time, but the punishment will get heavier in the future.  The so-called gentleman does not break his benevolence between the final food, these regulations are 24 hours, so that LY can train himself to be an excellent student.  The punishment is mainly to control urination and stimulate the nerves to produce pain through micro currents, and it will not affect the health of the body.  The severe punishment will accumulate until the weekend.

If the power of the pants is exhausted, the ports will be closed and cannot be opened until the power is charged.  Because the pants' artificial intelligence system relies on big data, pants can't work without a network signal, and it will be as if there is no electricity.  Because it is unable to monitor every move of LY when there is no power or signal, malicious failure to charge or loss of signal will also be punished.

LY continued to read the instructions carefully. Although he still doubts whether this method is effective, these items basically meet his expectations, so he didn't think much about it. After simple cleaning, he put it on. The pants themselves did not have any display system.  The mobile app can understand all the information.  You might as well try setting it to 3 days, so you can hope to get rid of bad habits before school starts. If it works, you can wear it often when you need it, so I drag it to 3 in the time setting.

She would never have thought that such a simple operation would lead to fatal consequences.

When the remaining time displayed on the screen was 2 years and 11 months, LY was silly on the spot. The 3 in this column is not 3 days, but 3 years!  LY had never panicked like this before, and hurriedly tried to cancel the operation just now, but it was finally in vain.  She thought about finding someone to remove it immediately, but she soon discovered that this was not feasible. Not only would she feel uncomfortable to remove it before the set time, but the damage to the pants was also irreversible. Of course, this new high-tech product could not be destroyed in this way.  Being in your own hands and having someone to remove it means that the privacy of your lower body will be exposed, and maybe it will alarm more people...Wear it for a few days before looking at it.

On the first day, LY suffered a lot. Just because he touched his trousers a few more times, he was forbidden to urinate for 3 hours when he touched places that shouldn’t be touched. At the same time, the dense errors on the phone made LY’s scalp tingling.  Of course, our LY was not frightened by this, but was prepared to adapt to these rules, starting with simple changes, and gradually reducing the types of errors, in order to achieve what they want and not to go beyond the rules.  Of course, the punishment in this process is indispensable. To benefit oneself is to suffer from one's own bladder.

After a few days, LY had a difficult time, and was often punished for "mistaking" something that did not seem to be a problem. The strictness was far higher than LY's expectations.  Often there is only one or two chances to urinate in a day.  LY is suffocated at night, but there is no other way but to stay in a daze until dawn.

What's more bizarre is that this time LY was holding back from the previous afternoon to the next day. She was very uncomfortable. After getting permission to urinate, she sat on the toilet and the urine gushed out. Suddenly LY was electrified, causing her to cut off the urine.  , Then the exit was directly closed, and LY with a blank face saw that when the sound of urination and the excessive movement range were interrupted, he was really dumbfounded.  Sure enough, I can't forget elegance anywhere.  Although I didn't let others hear it, it was just a warning, but I had to wait an hour to urinate again.  In this way, he was thrown with cold water, and LY felt desperate.

What makes LY gratified is that the cruel punishment measures are still effective. After the school started, LY adapted to the learning environment early and successfully ranked among the best in the first examinations of many subjects.  But she soon discovered new problems. When she gets along with her classmates and teachers, she will be punished if she can't satisfy the other party.  As we all know, it is almost impossible to make everyone happy with themselves, and LY can only avoid the most important things and try to reduce punishment.

Nevertheless, in LY's view, the time spent with classmates is still happy.  What is helpless is that I can't indulge myself in the dormitory, and I still have to be like in front of everyone.  After a long time, some classmates still noticed something strange, "Y, I said, you don’t have to see outsiders like this in the dormitory." "I...have?" "I found that you are not only restrained in talking, but even sitting on the bed like that.  Correct, it's unnecessary, there are no outsiders here, we have known each other for so long." This is not forced, do you think I am not tired, LY Xin said.  "Maybe you think too much, I have always regarded you as family members."

LY returned to the dormitory with a stomach full of urine that day. Although there is no abnormality from the outside, he will find that LY's steps are very light and his pace is slower than others.  When I was about to walk in, I heard that Jiajia and the other two roommates seemed to be discussing herself, so she couldn't help but stop.

"Have you found that LY is a little weird?" "She is a good person. She teaches me how to do problems, clean up, and take the initiative to help us with everything. People may just be a little shy." "I didn't say that she was not good, just  It’s too good. How should I put it? It’s a bit like a parent’s "children of other people’s family"." "I also think she is a bit weird, especially since I have been at the same table with him for so long in the classroom.  Uncomfortable, and I have never seen her go to the toilet," "Yes, I also found out. One day I deliberately observed that she went to the toilet once at noon before going to bed the next morning.  Go, isn't it uncomfortable?" "When she comes back, we have to ask carefully. It is best to be tactful and be careful not to make her shy."

LY was embarrassed and frightened at this time. She was afraid that she would not only satisfy her roommates but also be punished if she said badly.  In fact, even if it is the artificial intelligence in the pants, I don’t know how to say it. When it comes to my calculations, I need to call myself in a loop, and the amount of calculations is almost infinite.  After all, staying outside the dormitory door for too long is not a proper operation, and it is a stopgap measure to find a way to explain to them directly.  So LY opened the door before he could think about it.

"Well, I have heard everything you said. I'm really not out there, probably because I have received stricter family education since I was a child, but it's harder to change my behavioral habits now, please, Haihan."  The words were barely acceptable to a few people, so they didn't mention them again.

Several weeks have passed in an instant, and Jiajia and LY have become close friends.  After school this afternoon, Jiajia and LY went to the gym to play badminton. She had noticed that LY hadn't been to the toilet since last night. Even when changing the sweatshirt in the bathroom, she didn't hear the sound of liquid flowing except for a faint sigh.  When leaving the toilet, Jiajia attentively found that LY had a bitter look on his face.  Even if you care about etiquette and cherish your time, you can't deliberately refuse to go when you are in the toilet. This makes Jiajia more suspicious.

After the fight, sweat soaked the clothes, LY's lower abdomen was obviously bulging out a big chunk, "LY, you think your belly is so big." Oh, why didn't you deliberately constrict your lower abdomen? How to explain this now, "Huh?  Maybe it’s more fat.” “I don’t think it’s right. A person like your sports is not fat. Where does the belly come from.” LY thought, how good is my sports, if it’s not for artificial intelligence to insist on everything.  In terms of development, physical education is required to be in the forefront of the class only based on academic performance.  "What are you thinking about, it should be very comfortable to pinch your belly, let me touch it soon." Jiajia went up to stop LY, and pressed down on her lower abdomen. The hardness was clearly like a stone.  "Ah, don't." LY was pressed unsuspectingly, and almost fell into the ground, his legs clamped tightly.  "So hard, AY, are you holding back urine?" "No... right..." She hesitated, "Don't guess, it's late, let's go first  Eat in the cafeteria." "You are holding back your urine! If you don't urinate now, I won't leave, hum." Jiajia grabbed LY's shoulder, "You are obviously holding back so uncomfortably, why don't you want to do it?  Where's the toilet?" "How to put it, you have found out, I actually like to hold back urine." LY just wanted to make an excuse.  "You don't like it! Don't pretend, your expression has betrayed you." Jiajia is very concerned about LY, even a little scared, afraid that her good friend will be teased.  "Does anyone force you to do this? Don't hide it from me anymore. Are your parents very strict with you?" "Where do you want to go, their work is very important, and they rarely go home, let alone worry about me."  "Is there a bad guy forcing you?" "The school is so big, I have been here for a long time, where the bad guys come from." "I don't care, you have to make it clear!" LY looked around to make sure there were none.  People pay attention to them and replied in a low voice: "If I have to say something, someone is indeed forcing me, but this person is not someone else but me." "Huh?" "Since I can't hide it anymore, you are me."  Let me tell you all the people you know most at school, but you must keep a secret, don’t tell anyone ""Okay, I promise.""Let's talk as we go." LY tells all the relevant things one by one.  After Jiajia, her face was full of surprise, "What is this, uh, wait for me to sort out my thoughts... Jiajia has hooked all the abnormal behaviors since contacting LY with this matter.

"You see, pants have no emotions no matter how high-tech, but I have them. Let me supervise you, isn't it much better?" "No need," LY's answer was unexpected, "Artificial intelligence does not need to have emotions.  I was originally to experience myself, how would I need others to be accommodating and reasonable, I don’t regret wearing it at all. Since the beginning of school, I can be second to none in this class of elites, and I am very satisfied with it——  Even in my previous school, I didn't always get the first place." LY said quietly, but he was also very determined.  "That's true. But you are so smart, you don't need to force yourself. Be careful not to get tired." "Hum, I look thin and weak, but my body is actually strong. I have never had any serious illnesses. Don't be blind.  Worry."

Since then, Jiajia has become more in awe of LY, often helping LY do some things around her, trying to lighten her burden.

The school organized a study tour to the United States, and LY took Jiajia to participate.  After reading the schedule at the end of the semester, LY was worried about it again.

I had to get up early on the day of departure and go to the airport. Before boarding the plane, there was no time to urinate. The pants on the plane were naturally closed. After more than ten hours of flight, it was night in New York, and I had to continue to hold back until the next day.  In the morning, a total of nearly thirty hours.  In the past, even if I made a big mistake, I still had a chance to urinate at least once a day, but now...how could it be so.  LY looked helpless.

This design flaw, LY could not help but told Jiajia privately,

"This time even you are afraid that you can't hold it back?" "It's impossible if you can't hold it, but it will be a little uncomfortable." "Please describe "a little bit"." "The world's suffering is nothing more than this." LY lowered his head.  , It’s not like joking.  "Hahaha, it's a hundred million points of discomfort. Otherwise, I plan to stay with you. Although it can't relieve your pain, it can at least make you less lonely." "Don't, I'm used to it, let's talk about it.  , I won’t be able to urinate until it blows up, but if you don’t hold back on the plane, you won’t have to change your clothes.” LY tried to avoid those inelegant words so as not to be punished unnecessarily again.  "Don't underestimate me,"

The plane had been sailing for several hours. LY played cards with the people who turned around in the front seat, talking and laughing, Jiajia held a closed book in her hand and looked at her absent-mindedly.  After a while, she poked LY and whispered to her, "I'm not feeling well, let's not fight for now and help me."

The first few people lost the opportunity to entertain with LY, and turned around angrily.  Suddenly there was silence around him. With the dim lights of the cabin, only the roar of the engine could be heard.  Here Jiajia leaned Erlang's legs, clenched her fists, and leaned to LY's ear, "It's so difficult to hold this little urine." I didn't know if I tried this, but I was really shocked when I tried it, and the whole body's strength came out.  I still can’t restrain the ambitious flood in my belly. "Ay, are you not uncomfortable at all?" "My bladder is not made of iron, what do you think." Jiajia knew that Ly was a very tolerant person, but  Every time I saw LY smiling at school, even if I could see a little something wrong, I never thought that she would have to endure such a lot of pain on weekdays.  "Look at your nonchalant appearance, it's not a pretend." "It's not all, of course there is some restraint. After all, no one likes to play with a crying person." "About patience, you must have something  Good way. Teach me, for example, what posture is more comfortable to hold back." LY doesn’t know what posture is more comfortable. She can only sit upright with her thighs close together, and sometimes her calves separate naturally. That’s it. As for Erlang’s leg posture.  LY has never dared to do it since the beginning of school.  "I don't know, I've been in this pose all day long, or you try it like me." Jiajia followed LY, for a while, then said: "No, I can't hold back this way.  , Can't learn." "Or you should go to the toilet, and no one is begging you." "No, I'll wait until I go with Y." "Look at your cute look. Maybe you try not to care about trying  Try, as if the following is not your own body." Hey, there is nothing to do with her, it is simply a burden, not only can't share anything, but also has to help in turn. This is a person who insists on saving face!

He said that after getting off the plane, after several twists and turns, finally came to the hotel. LY and Jiajia lived in the same room and fell asleep after a brief wash.  LY endured the violent urination, and gradually fell asleep.  Here Jiajia is covering her private parts, tossing and turning, and can't fall asleep.

Sleeping LY was suddenly awakened by a sharp cry. She opened her sleepy eyes, and saw Jiajia naked and stomping her feet, "Ay, please help me see, I can’t urinate anymore, am I?  I'm going to be suffocated? What should I do, LY?" Hearing this, LY immediately became sober, "What?" "I feel so uncomfortable at night, I can't hold it back, so I go to the bathroom, but when I sit on the toilet  I found out that I can’t urinate at all, and it’s useless to press it hard until it hurts to death.” LY hugged Jiajia, “You calm down first. People can’t be suffocated by urine. I can find a way and there will be no major problems.  "Yes." LY wet a towel with hot water, covering Jiajia’s lower abdomen, gently rubbing, "Relax, you will be fine soon." After a long time, a small pee finally came out.  , The two also breathed a sigh of relief.  A strong urge to urinate as if to tear his bladder suddenly came up, causing LY to shiver. He was always looking to help Jiajia. He still couldn't solve it. At this time, his lower abdomen was obviously bigger than Jiajia, but what can be done?  It.  "I let you down," Jiajia murmured, "I'm such a waste." Normally, this kind of thing is inherently difficult for others, but a few people can do it.  ""Then you still do it?  Jiajia shouted, "It's my fault, don't get excited, in the middle of the night, don't quarrel with others again."  "She stopped and lay back on the bed, but LY couldn't sleep anymore, closed her eyes and waited quietly for the morning light. Jiajia also had no intention of falling asleep, staying by LY's bed, looking at the struggling girl.

I don't know how long it took, and the sky began to light up.  Jiajia fell asleep on the corner of LY's bed.  LY picked up the phone to browse and looked at the few lines on the screen. LY couldn't believe his eyes, the phone fell from his hand to the carpet with a snap, and Jiajia woke up.  LY wanted to stand up. The severe pain made her thigh tremble. How could she withstand such punishment in her own state.  "You are awake." Jiajia said.

To accept the punishment, the first thing is to distract Jiajia, to let her see her like this, maybe she will go crazy, LY thought.  "Some can't sleep anymore, let's get up first. It's not time yet. I didn't take a bath too late yesterday. Why would you go and wash first, and then I will go again?" "Okay."

Jiajia felt that LY's words were a little strange, as if she was deliberately letting her leave, so she went into the bathroom and turned on the shower, watching LY's every move through the cracks in the tightly closed door.

LY was punished by an electric shock with his stomach full of urine. Sensitive parts were stimulated at this time. LY was incontinent one after another, but was severely blocked back. Even so, the muscles must be tight all the time, because if incontinence is a subjective behavior, it will  Receive greater punishment.  At this time, the pain is no less than a thousand swords, and it is unbearable for ordinary people, let alone a girl who is not strong.  LY knew that she had to hold on, and there was something more serious waiting for her. She was sitting on a chair with her brows furrowed and her hands firmly on the table. Although she hadn't moved half a step, her sweat continued to shed.  LY's punishment is usually waited until the weekend, although LY has mentioned it with Jiajia, Jiajia has no chance to see it.  Seeing this situation, Jiajia knew that she must have done an extremely excessive thing and rushed out of the bathroom, "Promise me, don't have trouble with yourself, okay? I don't allow you to torture my best friend like this!  Jiajia looked pale when she saw what was written on LY's bright-screen mobile phone.  It turns out that this is the result of LY "affecting Jiajia".

"I'm really sorry, not only didn't help you, but made you so uncomfortable, I damn it, you can handle me whatever you want, I will definitely follow your words in the future, I am too stupid, it is all my fault...  LY couldn't concentrate at all to hear what Jiajia was saying, and her hand trembled to signal Jiajia to stop, so that she could feel how painful she was.

After the end, LY tried to prop up his body, "Are you okay, I will support you." "Haha, no, a bit of flesh and blood." LY smiled bitterly, Jiajia still wanted to apologize to LY, "Stop talking, I'm not  I am mad at you. After all, things started because of me. I failed your kindness and didn't realize the seriousness of the problem in time. The punishment is right." "How can you say that..." LY Be Jiajia  He slowly walked into the bathroom with his arms, and the urine accumulated for more than a day was finally discharged slowly, but the punishment did not end there.  As far as AI understands this incident, LY will be severely restricted from urinating in the next few days. This makes LY who had originally sought temporary relief from the heavy pressures of this study tour to take advantage of it.  Maybe this is the arrangement of fate, and you can't let yourself slack off at all times, LY understands that.

After resting for a few minutes, LY straightened up, stretched his waist, and opened the curtains to fill the small room with the brilliance of the rising sun, and then continued to change clothes and comb his hair.  Jiajia stayed beside the bed, feeling lost.  "Jiajia, get up, while it's still early, don't you want to go out and have a look? When we are here to travel, don't let a small matter ruin the good mood of the day." LY stroked Jiajia's head.  Jiajia's tears flowed down unconvincingly, and it was her own words that should have been said.

What still surprised Jiajia was that LY didn't mention it again, and didn't feel angry with her at all.  Can withstand such grievances without care, whether LY dare not, Jiajia admires her elegance from the bottom of my heart.

Time flies, and in the days that followed, LY was cautious, and nothing like that happened again.  Occasionally, I will make one or two mistakes when I don't pay attention, and the punishment will get heavier and heavier.  Three years have passed. Everyone thinks that LY is very demanding of himself, and no one knows the secret of LY except Jiajia.

LY finally became the top prize in the province, and finally took off his pants and put them away before the start of the university.

An event attended by the university gave LY the privilege to see abuse of bad girls and various inhuman behaviors. "We all know that technology can benefit mankind, but technology can also allow unlimited crimes to succeed. This is what I said-look.  It’s like a plain underwear... It’s monitored by a single person through a cell phone... Most people who wear it will have a nervous breakdown within a week..." LY rubbed his eyes and looked at it over and over again.  The one I have ever worn is no different, can it be said?  !  "The devastation to people's body and mind is no less than the Yuzhang Academy incident...Fortunately, it was banned in time..."

When the explanation was over, the crowd came to the front, and the friends saw LY standing in a daze, with a dazed expression, "LY, we think if you wear this, you might be able to stick to it forever, hahahahaha. Hey,  What's wrong with you?" At this moment, LY seemed to feel that three years in high school was like a bizarre dream.

Years later, whenever LY and Jiajia mentioned this matter, Jiajia always laughed at her as stupid, but seeing her current situation, look at herself again, maybe this is the blessing of stupid people.
