A sort of extension to Sobbi5's Hermione stories

Author: mikey mike

*000*2019-06-12 09:28

Hi

This is my first attempt at writing a story on this website.

I loved the stories “Hermione learns about flying at P level” by Sobbi5 that was resurrected just recently, and it wasn’t until I’d read all that he’d written that I realized that the stories had been written in 2014 and that Sobbi5 appeared not to have been on the site since 2016!

Some of what he’d written appears to be deleted, but if you read what’s left first by clicking on Sobbi5, hopefully my continuation will make some sort of sense.

Hope you enjoy what I've written and I do have some ideas to take it further if anybody’s interested.

Hermione had been looking forward to the half-term holidays since indulging in her “flying at P level” exploits. Wetting her knickers, especially her regulation navy blue ones had become a real passion helped on by Miss McGonagall’s unrivalled support and the cloaking spell she’d given Hermione to cover up the fact that her knickers were wet. Indeed she was now getting through so many pairs of her “navy blues” in a week that she’d asked her mother to send her some extra pairs!

She’d yet to attend a “3 W’s” meeting, but had gone flying with Miss McGonagall and Miss Pomona one Saturday afternoon to the place where their secret meeting were held. They’d all flown at P level and on landing there had been no need for secrecy or cloaking spells and for the first time and unbidden by her teachers Hermione had felt the urge to strip to her underwear and openly enjoy free and unbridled wettings as she explored and enjoyed this special place in the warm late spring sunshine.

Her teachers had left her to run free and enjoy herself; telling her how happy they were knowing that Hermione was now very much one of the 3W’s.

Hermione’s mind returned to the present; her train was about half an hour from London now, and soon she’d be meeting up with her mother again. She felt excited about seeing her mother once more, but sad at the thought that her wettings were going to have to go on hold until she got back to Hogwarts; she could still wet herself and use the masking spell of course, but at some point all her wet knickers would need to be washed and she couldn’t very well hide that from her mother could she?

At the station her mother gave her a kiss and a hug before telling Hermione how well she looked and they then caught a taxi back to her mother’s flat and Hermione took her suitcase through to her bedroom and laid it on her bed, leaving it there for the moment. Hermione needed to wee and was sorely tempted to do a little in her thick and absorbent navy blue knickers before heading across the hall to use the bathroom. To Hermione the feeling of pulling her knickers down to her ankles before sitting on the toilet felt like such a waste...

They spent a companionable afternoon and evening together talking about life at Hogwarts and later they enjoyed a meal that her mother had prepared. It was after nine before the dishes were washed and packed away.

Hermione’s mother could see that Hermione was very tired after all the travelling she’d done and suggested that Hermione had a long soak in the bath and an early night. “Put your dirty clothes in the laundry basket” she told her; “I’ll put a load of washing on in the morning.”

Grateful for the chance of a long soak which she’d always enjoyed Hermione began to undress as the bath was filling and absent mindedly open the lid of the laundry basket to throw in her dirty underwear and the blouse she’d been wearing. As soon as she opened the basket something caught her eye. Tucked in one corner and beside a white towel Hermione spotted something blue... navy blue. Moving the towel out of the way and reaching in Hermione retrieved a pair of knickers; knickers just like her own, but these didn’t belong to her, they were a size or two larger and stretching them out she notice something else. Something familiar to her since she’d started being “a naughty girl” in her own knickers, the crotch was wet and the seat partly wet too and Hermione noticed the slight scent of wee.

Carefully she replaced those wet knickers where she’d found them and tucked the towel back in place before placing her own clothes on top and closing the lid of the basket. It must have been nearly ten before she was washed and dry again and into her pyjamas. Shouting “goodnight” to her mother and adding “I love you” she slipped gratefully into her room and then into her own bed.

As tired as she was Hermione couldn’t settle; all she could think about was that pair of navy blues in the laundry basket and the fact that they were wet. Did her own mother..... No it wasn’t possible; but there again was it.... Had her own mother brought her all those pairs of regulation navy blue knickers because she had a thing about them too? With those thoughts still whirling around in her mind Hermione drifted into the blackness of sleep.

Hermione woke just before seven the next morning, the flat quiet and peaceful apart from the slight traffic noise from the road seven floors below. Hermione paid a visit to the bathroom before walking into the lounge and opening the patio doors that led out onto the balcony. Resting her arms on the parapet she looked down on the world passing by below and it reminded her of the first P flight she’d taken with Miss McGonagall and the other girls from her class....

Raising her shoulders slightly Hermione moved her head from left to right to wipe the tears that had formed in her eyes onto the shoulders of her pyjama jacket.

“Morning darling did you sleep well? It was her mother’s voice and lost in her own reverie Hermione hadn’t even heard her enter the room and had no idea how long she’d been standing behind her. Quickly she turned and smiled at her mother; “yes thank you mummy I slept very well; it was nice to be back in my old bed again.

Hermione noticed the smile of pleasure on her mother’s face before she asked her what she’d like to do today. “I’ll put the kettle on while you thing about it” she said. As her mother went towards the kitchen she called out “would you like tea or coffee?”

“Tea please mummy” she replied, but what she really wanted was her mother to start to sort out the washing so that she could (hopefully) raise the subject of those navy blue knickers....

Just as she heard the kettle coming to the boil she had an idea. She almost ran to the bathroom and picking up the laundry basket she headed back to the kitchen. “I’ve fetched the laundry basket mummy; you said you wanted to do some washing this morning, I can sort it out for you if you like.” Hermione noticed the smile of pleasure on her mother’s face as she accepted Hermione's offer.

Hermione separated the washing into various piles noting as she did so that there were four pairs of her mother’s navy blue knickers on the coloureds pile plus the pair of her own from yesterday. Hermione put the load of coloureds into the washing machine first and as she did so she casually asked her mother if she enjoyed wearing those big knickers as much as she did. Her mother looked a bit nervous as she slowly replied that she did. “They’re warm and comfortable” she then paused for a few seconds before she added “and practical in all sorts of other ways.”

Hermione could feel her heart beating in her chest as she started the washing machine and wondered what if anything her mother was going to add to what she’d already said.

Her mother sighed; “Pick up your mug of tea Hermione and let’s go and sit in the lounge. I’ve kept things from you in the past, but now I think you’re old enough to understand.”

Sitting together on the sofa there was silence for several minutes. Hermione wasn’t going to push her mother into talking; she had to decide what she wanted to say and how she was going to say it.

Her mother started by saying that like Hermione she’d gone to boarding school when she was eleven. “My mother brought me those types of knickers because they formed part of the school uniform, but straight away I enjoyed the feelings of wearing them, so when I knew that you were going to boarding school I brought you those types of knickers too. I soon discovered something else about them when I first started at my new school as well; with their thick double gusset they were very absorbent”.... her mother had paused briefly at that point to take a sip of her tea and in Hermione’s opinion to gather her thoughts again.

“You see the toilets at our school were very primitive to begin with and nobody really liked using them so naturally we’d hang on for as long as possible before having to go to use the toilets. It was one of the more senior girls who pointed out to us newbie’s one day that if we let ourselves dribble or even spurt in those thick knickers from time to time during the day we could put off visits to those horrible toilets for even longer. I along with several of the other girls began to enjoy the feelings of our damp and clingy knickers and even after the toilet and shower facilities were re-built and were really nice we continued to do it.”

She paused, took a longer drink of her tea and said “Hermione I’m thirty eight now and still like the feelings of comfort and security that those knickers give me; if I can’t find a toilet to use I know I can take the pressure off quite a bit by making use of my knickers and nobody is aware of what I’ve been doing or have done.”

Hermione burst into tears, snuggled up close to the mother and said “mummy I like wetting my navy blue knickers too.”

They cuddled together on the sofa for quite some time; each lost in their own thoughts....

*003*2019-07-14 04:32

Thanks for that Piddly. I have to say that I did enjoy writing that story and I did (do) have other ideas on how to move the story forward so perhaps I'll put "pen to paper" again over the next few days and see what happens....

If you read the original series when sobby5 wrote it do you know why some of the chapters got deleted?

*004*2019-07-14 09:02

PART TWO

Freed from the worry of her mother knowing her “naughty little secret” Hermione began to indulge more and more Indeed, to help Hermione on her way her mother had brought her some extra pairs of navy blues, she’s washed and dried them too “so that they were ready for use” as her mother had put it.

Back at Hogwarts there wasn’t a day that went by when Hermione didn’t use her knickers at least once and very often more than that. Both Pomona Sprout and Miss McGonagall being proud members of the 3 W’s were more than happy to give her all the help that they could. Pomona in particular was happy for Hermione to use her knickers during herbology classes that took place in the greenhouses around the outside of the castle and many a happy evening was spent in Miss McGonagall’s study after dinner discussing the finer points of being a member of the 3 W’s. The drying spell she’d been taught always got her back to her dorm room safely.

Hermione often kept her wet knickers on at night and would “enjoy herself” in them and then sit on the toilet the next morning still wearing them and doing her first wet of the day through them and into the toilet bowl before getting washed and dressed. Once or twice she kept them on while she was having a bath but that was a bit risky; what if one of the other girls walked into the bathroom? That hadn’t been a problem while she’d been staying in her mother’s flat of course, and several times during her stay she’d enjoyed the “naughtiness” of getting into the bath still wearing her already wet knickers...

It was a couple of weeks later and after dinner when Miss McGonagall who was presiding in professor Dumbledore’s absence announced that they were free to leave their tables “Miss Grainger please report to my study at your earliest convenience.” She called out towards the Gryffindor's table.

“Ah Miss Grainger, thank you for coming so promptly; I have some good news for you, I heard earlier today that there is to be a 3 W’s meeting next week on Thursday evening to be precise; I assume you’d still like to attend?”

Hermione smiled her reply; adding that she could hardly wait...

“Hermione, while you are there you may or may not see current pupils who are at these meetings, but outside of these meetings while you are free to talk to them about any other subject you wish, the subject of knicker wetting must never be raised for the sake of both of you; is that clearly understood?”

“Yes Miss McGonagall” Hermione replied. “Good girl; we’ll be flying to our special place from the meadow near the pond and I’ll let you know a departure time nearer the day.” Hermione could hardly wait...

Finally the evening of the meeting arrived. Hermione had been holding on all afternoon and was desperate to go to the toilet. She could have wee’d at anytime while she was waiting on the meadow of course; nobody would have minded, but she was determined to wait until the spell had been chanted that would “lock” her to her broom; she could then do some aerobatics' on the way while allowing herself to fully soak her knickers. She gave an involuntary shudder of excited anticipation....

While waiting for Miss McGonagall and Miss Sprout to arrive Hermione looked round. There were four other girls from the school there; two she recognised and two that she didn’t, but anyway it was clear to Hermione that she was the youngest. The four elder girls were talking excitedly to each other; they’d smiled at Hermione briefly when she arrived, but had made no attempt to draw her into their conversation. Hermione found herself wondering how many others would be at the secret meeting place....

Her musings were cut short by the arrival of Miss McGonagall and Miss Sprout. “Right girls are we all ready?” Miss McGonagall asked; get astride your brooms and cast your safety spells now so that we’re ready to go.” She smiled as she added “needless to say we’ll be flying there at P level. I hope you all have full bladders; I know I have!” There were excited giggles from all five girls....

Given the signal to take off by Miss McGonagall Hermione soared into the air and rapidly gained height. Soaring and swooping around in the sky she happily released control of her bladder. With every twist and turn she became wetter and wetter. Her knickers, skirt and eventually her cloak became soaked as well; Hermione had never experienced this level of excitement before, she laid forward on the shaft of her broom, the change in airflow over her body causing her wee to stream down her legs and soak her uniform knee length white socks and her shoes too. Hermione didn’t care; if the worst came to the worst, a cleanup spell would take care of everything....

Miss McGonagall signalled the five girls to begin to lose height as their destination came into view and Hermione began to wonder what would happen when she landed and began to mingle with the others....

*007*2019-07-18 05:29

Part 3

Hermione landed on the grassy meadow and released her binding spell so that she could step off her broom and begin to look round.

A few seconds later she heard “Are you alright Hermione; did you enjoy your flight here?”

Hermione turned to see who was speaking to her and found it was one of the four girls she’d seen on the meadow earlier near Hogwarts.

The girl held out her hand to Hermione; “my names Bethan” she said, “I’ve been here a couple of times before and Miss McGonagall asked if I’d help you if.... well you know, if you needed any help and to show you around. I know how nervous I felt on my first trip here”

Hermione found that she was warming to Bethan and smiled as she said “thank you Bethan, I’d like that.” The two girls put their brooms down and removed their cloaks; it was only then that Hermione realized just how wet that she’d made hers during the flight from Hogwarts. Seeing Hermione looking at her cloak Bethan said “don’t worry about it Hermione, mine’s wet too, but by the time we have to fly back they’ll be clean and dry again; Miss McGonagall helps by putting a spell on the cloaks belonging to us younger ones; I don’t know what it is or how it works, but it does.”

Catching the sound of laughter Hermione looked to her right. Miss McGonagall had her dress lifted up and was showing her wet tartan bloomers to a group of older witches and talking about all the fun she’d had while she was flying here from Hogwarts.

Bethan smiled; “Hermione I love this place so much and I hope you’ll grow to love it too. Seeing Miss McGonagall over there is a good example, we can be ourselves while we’re here, we don’t have to hide our love of wetting ourselves from anyone, because our meeting place is completely private and everyone here enjoys doing the same thing. Look lets walk down the hill a little way and I’ll show you the magic spring; drink a cupful of water from it and you’ll need to wee again almost straight away.”

Hermione was surprised; Miss McGonagall hadn’t mentioned anything about the spring to her during their occasional discussions in her study after dinner....

As they got closer to the spring they could see that there were several other witches gathered round it. They’d take a drink, move away from the spring and let out a contented sigh as they soaked their knickers once more. Hermione couldn’t wait to try the spring water for herself and as soon as there was space she and Bethan knelt down by the spring and sharing the old and battered metal cup that seemed to belong there they both drank deeply.

As they moved away from the spring Hermione felt the need to go to the toilet building up and her need seemed to increase by the second. She turned to Bethan to say something, but Bethan was standing there with her eyes closed and her head thrown back. She gripped herself tightly through her skirt; spread her legs slightly and groaned as a torrent of wee began to run down the front of her skirt and trickle off the hem. Hermione stood there feeling a little light headed; being allowed to openly wet your knickers was one thing, but to actually be encouraged to “go” in her knickers by a girl that was senior to her was another thing altogether.... As she watched Bethan Hermione stopped holding on and began to soak her own knickers once more; the warm wetness spreading through the damp but still absorbent gusset until her knickers were totally saturated once more and her remaining wee began to run down her legs...

“Ah Bethan has shown you the spring I see” it was Miss McGonagall’s voice and both Bethan and Hermione turned towards her and smiled. “Sit down girls and I’ll tell you a little of its history if you like.” The two girls sat down and Miss McGonagall after much huffing and puffing joined them on the grass. “Sorry girls” she said; “my old bones don’t let me move so easily these days anyway, on with the story. This was just a, shall we say normal area in the valley until about one hundred years ago when the disreputable wizard who was also master of these lands caught some village girls drinking from what he regarded to be “his” spring.

As punishment for their misdemeanour he put a spell on the stream that is still there to this day. If a girl drinks from it she’ll immediately need to go to the toilet. Well you’ve seen the effect it’s had on you two and the others haven’t you? Strangely, the spell he placed on the spring has no effect on boys or men. Even back then there were girls at Hogwarts who liked to wet their knickers. The old wizard is long gone of course, but when word got out about the spring.... Well the rest as they say is history.”

Miss McGonagall shifted slightly and asked Bethan to fetch her some water from the spring and suggested that both Hermione and Bethan go back to the spring for a long drink before they left for the flight back to Hogwarts.

“It’s getting late” she added, “and soon we’ll soon have to leave if I’m to get you five younger ones back to Hogwarts unnoticed and in time for dinner”

With Bethany gone for a minute or two Miss McGonagall asked Hermione if she was enjoying herself. Hermione smiled; “oh Miss McGonagall it’s been wonderful. I was excited about going to a 3W’s meeting, but I never thought that it would be as good as this. My knickers are soaked and I feel so happy.”

Miss McGonagall struggled to her feet again jus as Bethan got back with the cup of water. Miss McGonagall drank it all before she said “I’ll go and round up the other three girls, make sure you two have a good long drink from the spring before we get back on our brooms for the journey back to Hogwarts.” She smiled as she added “naturally we’ll be flying at P level.”

*009*2019-07-19 05:33

Part four

This is just a short chapter; a bit of a filler if you like to help me decide where to take the story next. What do you think; should Hermione wake up in a wet bed or a dry one?

Hermione was in bed later that evening but she couldn’t sleep; her mind was too full of all that had happened earlier. The water from the magic spring had filled her bladder rapidly as she knew it would and the first few dribbles had leaked into her knickers as she’d straddled her broom for the journey home to Hogwarts. They hadn’t got anywhere near P level before her bladder fully voided into her knickers and streamed down her legs. Hermione had leaned further forward and pressed her crotch hard against the shaft of the broom as she soaked herself and revelled in the delicious feelings that the combination of the broom shaft and her wet knickers were giving her...

Back at Hogwarts the five girls had silently split up to head up to their respective dorm rooms; the cloaking spell that Miss McGonagall had given them had guaranteed that they’d make it safely. Hermione had washed and changed before heading to the refectory for dinner, but hadn’t been able to resist dampening her clean pair of navy blue knickers again almost as soon as she’d pulled them on... Hermione longed to write and tell her mother all about the evening she’d just enjoyed, but she knew that she mustn’t; what happened at the 3W’s meetings must remain secret at all costs...

When professor Dumbledore had dismissed everybody after their evening meal Miss McGonagall had spoken to Hermione and warned her that having drunk the spring water she might find it may have what she’d called “delayed effects” and it was possible that she may wet the bed tonight. It didn’t happen to all everyone she’d added, but that after the first time drinking spring water it did happen to quite a number of girls.

Hermione’s last thoughts as she finally drifted off to sleep were about whether she’d wake up in a wet or dry bed in the morning...

*011*2019-07-20 15:33

Part five

Hermione woke early on the Friday morning and moved slightly before slipping her right hand beneath the bedclothes to check if she was wet or dry. Her knickers were still dry and her initial reaction was a mixture of relief and disappointment, Disappointment because she hadn’t wet in her sleep as that would have been yet another new experience on top of all the others she’d had just lately and relief because she wouldn’t have to change her bedclothes either by hand or by performing a magic spell to do it for her. She did however need to wee really badly; much more badly than she normally did at that time of the morning and slipped quietly out of her bed before padding barefoot out of her dorm room and across the landing to the bathrooms.

She felt the first dribble leak out of her and into her knickers as she opened the bathroom door. She wasn’t worried about that however as she knew from experience just how much her thick navy blue knickers were capable of absorbing before they began to “leak.”

Another dribble occurred as she past the row of washbasins and a third followed as she past the bath and shower cubicles. Hermione knew she couldn’t hold on for much longer as she entered a toilet and shut and bolted the door behind her; she knew that she’d never felt this level of desperation before and it was giving her quite a thrill...

No time to worry about her knickers now; she simply plonked her bottom down on the toilet seat and just let go completely.

It was lucky that at that time of the morning there was nobody else in the bathroom complex to hear her gasps and sighs of pleasure as her wee seemed to almost erupt from her with such pressure that it caused the front of her knickers to balloon outwards between her legs and because they were so thick and the elastic around her legs so tight they weren’t able to pass her liquid through them quickly enough forcing her wee to travel to almost the waistband at both the front and back of her knickers before spilling down the sides of them and allowing some of her wee to run across the toilet seat before splashing directly onto the floor!

Hermione gasped and sighed much more loudly now; she’d never in her life felt sensations like this before and still her wee was coming out of her with the same force and intensity. She could see the wee that had spilled over the sides of her knickers and onto the toilet seat forming the look of an almost silvery snake as it made its way across the floor towards the toilet cubicle door...

Suddenly she stopped weeing; there had been no tapering off and her flow didn’t slow down first as it normally did; she’d simply stopped weeing although her still saturated knickers were still slowly emptying their contents into the toilet bowl...

Hermione gave a little push and expected to be able to squeeze out the final dribbles from her bladder, but there was nothing more to come; nothing at all, her bladder was completely empty...

With a pounding heart Hermione sat there wondering what had happened; the only sound around her was the last of her wee still contained in her knickers slowly drip dripping into the toilet bowl.

Sitting there she reasoned that it must be something to do with the spring water. Her only real worry was is this likely to happen again today? A flood like that in any of the classrooms or even in Miss Sprout’s greenhouses would be almost impossible to cover up.... She needed to speak to Miss McGonagall urgently...

Hermione used a spell to clean the toilet and the floor and used the cloaking spell she’d been taught to cover her wetness while she went back to the dorm to get herself a change of clothes, her wash bag and a towel. “Mission accomplished” she whispered to herself as she locked the door of the shower cubicle behind her. She stripped down to her knickers, fully intending to keep them on in the shower at first to rinse them out before putting them and the rest of her clothes from yesterday down the laundry chute for the house elves to deal with.

She was washed and dressed and was just brushing her hair when she began to hear other girls entering the bath room. As she finished brushing her hair she decided that she’d go and see Miss McGonagall first thing after breakfast if she could. Leaving the bathroom and dropping her clothes down the dirty laundry chute she found herself wondering if Bethan had the same problem this morning.....

