A Girl on the Train

Author: myaso2005

*000*2024-04-01 02:31

Note: For a long time I wanted to contribute something from myself to the forums, but since English is far from being my first language I was hesitant. So, instead, at least for the first few stories I gonna publish, I decided to translate original stories from Russian I enjoyed reading at my youth. I hope you would take pleasure in reading them in English as I did in Russian at my youth. I added a few small details to make the story even more exciting.

A Girl on the Train

Since my early childhood, the combination of the words “woman” and “toilet” caused trembling in my heart. The first time, I was lucky to observe a girl wetting herself when I was in the 6th grade. I was traveling to another city by train with my mom in the third-class compartment. Being mid 90’s, it was the cheapest way to travel. A very pretty girl with ash-colored lush hair joined our car at one of the stops. As you can guess, she is the one the story with the toilet happened to.

Actually, I don’t even know her name. She was wearing light brown pinstripe pants and a matching shirt. The pants were slightly tightly fitting her beautiful ass. I was sneaking glances at her as she sat opposite us. She was looking approximately twenty-five years old. She didn’t try to start a conversation with us, looking a bit sad and lost in her own thoughts. The girl had a bottle of Coke she was constantly sipping from. Then she ordered a big cup of tea from the conductor, finished it, stared out of the window for a while, lay down on the shelf, and fell asleep. Now, I could stare at her without sneaking glances.

She slept for about an hour and woke up when we were already getting close to the next station, where the train was supposed to stay for about 20 minutes. A station is considered a “restricted area,” and all toilets on the train should be locked. As the girl woke up, she looked out the window, took tissues out of her bag, and quickly ran out to the vestibule, where the toilet was. But she returned immediately, and I realized that she hadn’t gotten to the toilets before they were locked.

The girl sat quietly for the next five minutes, but then her behavior became odder. She kept her legs tightly clamped, her back straightened, and she began looking worried as her facial expression gave out her tension. As the train moved long and slow to the station, the girl sat with her lips stiff, constantly changing her position on the shelf. She would move her butt deeper on the shelf and then sit back on its edge, then cross her legs, then keep them clenched.

I realized what was going on when the train almost dragged into the station: she suddenly gasped or something like that, making a suffering sound, and clutched her pants at the most interesting spot (her crotch). When a girl sits tensely, grabbing her crotch, everyone knows what is wrong with her; I knew it as well. She almost immediately removed her hand and met my eyes, blushing deeply.

The girl crossed her legs, rocking back and forth with her back totally straight. After a minute or so, she changed her position, moving her butt to the edge of the shelf, her legs locked together and again clutching her crotch with her right hand through the pants. This time she kept her hand between her legs and began squeezing her pussy rhythmically and heavily, bending over. Then she straightened up but kept squeezing her crotch.

Her face went pale. She looked out of the window, but as if she was not seeing anything, seemingly staring off into space. Her great desperation lasted perhaps fifteen minutes; as soon as the train stopped, she jumped up from the shelf and dashed out like crazy from the compartment. Under the pretext of buying gum (as I told Mom), I ran out after her. The girl could not have been seen on the horizon, and I thought that the fun would end here, imagining her already pulling down her pants at the toilet.

Except it wouldn't. Nevertheless, I walked to the station, looking for a sign for the ladies. I immediately found it across the entrance. Then, I could not believe my eyes. By the toilet, the same desperate girl was standing, tucking her hands into her pants pockets. She was shifting from one leg to another, franticly looking around. Almost at once, I realized everything when I saw the "closed for 20 min. cleaning" sign. After standing for about a minute, holding herself tightly through the pockets of her pants, she started pacing nervously back and forth around the station. She spotted the gents on the opposite side and began circling them. Perhaps the girl was hesitating about entering the open toilets, but she didn't dare use the men's bathroom.

The girl continued pacing for the next fifteen minutes, she squatted twice, holding down her hand and squeezing her crotch. Each time she squatted, I thought she was about to start wetting her pants, but then she would get up, and her pants were still dry. After the second time, she looked panicked and stared directly at the men's toilets for a few long seconds. The girl held her breath, making a decision. Seemingly, her desperation overcame her embarrassment as she started walking quickly toward the opposite-sex bathroom. After a few steps, she suddenly stopped, her right hand darted straight into her groin, clutching it as she bent over. The moment the wave of desperation ended, she dashed to the gents' entrance. As the girl reached the bathroom door, she almost bumped into a man in his seventies with a cane who had just come out.

"Darling, this is the men's bathroom; the ladies are over there." he pointed at the opposite bathroom that still had the cleaning sign on.

The girl turned beet red and stood there before him, shifting from one leg to another. Trying to hide her desperation the best she could, she removed her hand from the crotch with her face wholly focused and her lips pursed. The elderly man continued grumbling for a minute or two about how today's youth doesn't have respect for anyone, apparently not aware of her distress.

After he finished his speech, he walked away, leaving the poor girl standing as she double-crossed her legs. She bit her lower lip but dared not enter the gents. Eventually, she looked at the watch and planned to return to the compartment. The gents were on the other side of the platform, it takes about 200 meters (600 feet) to reach our compartment.

A few steps after she started walking, the girl stopped again, bent over, pushing both of her hands into her crotch. She was openly holding herself between her legs for everyone to see as she made her way to the compartment across the whole platform. I could not believe my eyes. I had never thought I would ever witness such a long desperation.

As we returned to our car, the girl immediately sat on her shelf; she didn't dare to remove her hands from her crotch, rocking back and forth. My mom scolded me for taking so long, but I didn't care, amused by the girl's desperation. The train started slowly leaving the station. What was going on in the next twenty minutes was indescribable. She would sit still for a second, then start rocking again, then would slip with her ass to the edge of the shelf, constantly giving her pussy fast rhythmic squeezes. 

After each jolt with her ass, the girl made some kind of distressing sounds, I thought that she would start pissing in her pants any second, but she still held on. Twice, she ran out to the vestibule to check if the toilet was already open. After another run, she returned, sat down, bit her lip, and for the next two minutes, was just intensively clenching her pussy with a right hand. Then she suddenly groaned, and a loud noise came from her pants; her crotch, in one second, became significantly wet, the pee started dripping from her shelf. The girl jumped to her feet and ran out towards the vestibule.

I stood up and saw how, before reaching the vestibule, she leaned against the wall at the end of the compartment, peeing in her pants, which were already completely soaked. Then she went out to the vestibule. I knew I was misbehaving but could not help but follow her. The girl was standing there wiping her drenched pants with tissues, although it did little to help; her pants were thoroughly wet from behind and the inner side of her thighs.

Then she returned to her place. I could not follow her for a long time and returned to my shelf. Shortly, the girl returned to the car entirely reddened and still completely wet; she took out a jacket, tied it in an effort to hide the damage, and got out at the next station. I never saw her again.

The End

*003*2024-04-07 01:57

{{On 4/1/2024 at 2:42 PM, Apan said:

Oh my dear lord, this is one of the best stories I've read in ages, and an actual sightning at that! So perfect in buildup and outcome, I absolutely love it to bits! Thanks for this, and I'm surely not only speaking for myself when I'd love to see more translations from you.

Speaking of which, one wonders just how many non-english stories are out there waiting to be translated into english. Not being a native english speaker myself, I might have one or two in my vaults that call for some anglospheric adaptation. A topic in its own rights, isn't it?

}}

Thanks! I would not speak for other languages, but in my experience with stories in Russian, about 2/3 of the stories (at least) are either translations or imitations of better stories in English.

Your stories are always great, so if you have a chance to publish some adaptations, I would be looking forward to it.

