Beach Girls Bikini Line (a short story female)

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2021-04-28 17:36

**so if you guys like this story and think you wanted it finish let me know. Hope it’s alright at least. Thanks **

Prim was a gorgeous model. Long, hot, tan body with dark hair, a thin muscle face, and a round tight ass. On the beach that day she wore a golden two piece, too tight around her breasts so that her tits pointed out enough to see, and the bottom was up her ass like flood revealing her whole butt.

She had one hand on her hip waving back and forth as the photographers took their pictures. As much as she loved her modeling job and the attention of the audience around, on a beach where the waves were crashing and she had been on a long-term liquid diet, her waving around was also keeping her full bladder in check.

At one time when they were reloading their film Prim tapped her back toes into the sand and bounced to shake off her urge.

“Alright everyone take five!” The director said. As he passed Prim she stopped him.

“Hey Dave,” she said with her voice jittery, lips quivering, and legs wobbling inwards at the needs as punched of pressure were going on in her abdomen. “D-Dave, um....where’s the b-the ba-the...bathroom?”

“Oh up the boardwalk to your left. Just make sure you’re back here in five.”

“Thank you,” said Prim, turning red from embarrassment. She ran with tight squeezed legs to the bathrooms and avoided male fans trying to stop her for an autograph.

When she reached the bathrooms, she opened the door in relief which was struck down immdiently by the horror of a line!

Only two stalls where in here and one was broken, the other occupied. In front was Kelly, a red head in a two piece tight blue suit. Behind her was Emma, a blonde wearing a two piece purple. Behind her was Jo, a tall, tan brown hair girl in a blue green two piece. The three girls were waving their hips back and forth, and Prim bounced and bit her lips as she got into line with them.

Time was ticking by fast, and the girl in the stall wasn’t finishing up anytime soon it seemed.

Kelly knocked. “Um, excuse me, are you almost done. There’s kind of a line out here. Some of us feeling like on the urge of explosion.” It was true though, from Kelly to the other three girls, they were all rubbing their abdomens and bouncing up and down going foot to foot on the nasty bathroom floor.

Oh would this girl in the stall hurry up already!

“Give me a few ministers,” the girl in the stall said without a care in her voice.

All four girls moaned, and Emma especially was grabbing herself and literally tossing her legs out from side to side before finally crossing them and bending over.

“Oh, will this bitch hurry up already!” She squealed. Emma pushed to the front of the line.

“Hey!” Said Kelly.

Emma knocked vigorously. “Ok bitch, come on, it’s been like ten minutes. Ten minutes of all of us waiting to p...pee.” She stopped, sweating and grabbed herself, bouncing fast. “I’m literally about to burst like a fucking geisser out here and gush my brains out as pee. Get out already! I gotta-gotta...G...goooooooo!”

Kelly grabbed Emma and pushed her to the behind her. “You wait your turn, the second that door opens, I’m going to burst my brains out!”

“I can’t wait!”

“Girls please,” said Prim who only became more anxious as her need grew from seeing others so desperate.

Jo meanwhile was squirming like crazy massaging her vagina with her eyes closed as sweat poured down her face.

Emma then put a leg out with her arms wrapped around herself and her foot tapping.

Kelly had her arms above her head and legs crossed bouncing and their asses, all of them, were jiggling from all the squirming. Clearly none of them had much power left to hold it.

That’s when the toilet flushed, and out came the girl, Kelly pushed her aside, but Emma pulled Kelly back and ran in, slamming the door shut.

Kelly threw her arms up bouncing up and down and started banging on the door. “Hey! Come on not fair! I’m gonna explode.”

“Ex...explode!” Said Jo who was covered in sweat and jumping with both feet off the ground, Prim whose arms and legs were all wrapped around each other as Emma gushed in the stall in relief.

That’s when Jo started crying. She fell to her knees as a thick sizzling puddle of pee came out of her. She was crying so hard barely able to breathe all red. The girl who came out of stall pointed and laughed.

“Omg what a baby! You’re in your 20s and pissing yourself! Ha! This is so going on the gram!” She took pics of Jo who look horrified, and ran out of the bathroom pee still pouring out of her. People laughing outside the bathroom on the beach as they saw the dripping excuse for an accident humiated.

“Good luck to you bitches,” said the girl as she left.

Kelly snd Prim continued to squirm in agony.

To be continued

*004*2021-05-04 01:19

Chapter 2

Kelly and Prim were dancing in agonizing desperation, their abdomens on the verge of exploding everywhere. They were running in place going crazy as Emma took her sweet time.

Kelly had her hands buried in her crotch as she was brought dow to her knees touching the floor. Prom meanwhile was tossing her legs out to left snd right bouncing around.

Prim then ran to the stall and scratched at the metal door. “What the fuck is going on here?! My bladders filled. I feel like a fucking tidal wave, Emma is taking her time! What the fuck!!!”

”Be done soon,” Emma said.

Kelly meanwhile started banging on the door with Prim still on it. Both girls sweating like golden model angels wrestled against the door, their watery bodies sliding uo and down each other and tits poking each other.

“I...I can’t wait.” Kelly said. She ran to the sinks.

“What....what’s the you doing!” Prim said.

Kelly hopped onto the sink snd pulled her panties down.

“don’t do it I can’t hold it!” Prim yelled.

But Kelly let it all out, and from seeing her go, Prim, who at that moment saw Emma finally leave the stall, fell to her knees in weakness snd pee started pouring out of her like crazy. Leaving her in sadness and sob

The end

