Ban Sang-Mi's Gaming Accident

Author: Male

*000*2019-08-23 11:42

Ban Sang-Mi put on her headset and relaxed in her chair. Hey boyfriend, Min-Jun, was out for the day, she looked gorgeous in her favourite comfy red skirt with white knickers underneath, and she could enjoy a fun afternoon gaming with her friends, accompanied by plenty of green tea. She was aware that long, engaging games and large quantities of green tea could lead to embarrassing results, but it was only a short dash to the toilet if she couldn't wait.

As expected, she got so engrossed in the game that she lost track of time. When she did look at the clock, three hours had passed! She blushed a little at having been so distracted. And the green tea was definitely starting to take effect. While the game was taking her mind off it for the moment, she really had to go.

"Um, guys, I think I need to take a break for a few minutes," she said, rubbing her slender legs together.

"Oh, come on," said her friend Pak Do-Yun. "One more game."

"Yeah, I'd love to, it's just that I really need to go," she said.

"Can't you just wait for one more game?" he said. "You girls take so long in the toilet."

"I mean, I guess I could..." she said. "Fine, I'll play another game. But then I'm definitely going for a toilet break, OK?"

She started the next game with some trepidation. Her bladder was rapidly filling and was already extremely painful. She crossed her legs and tried to focus on the game to take her mind off it. This worked at first, but as the game bogged down into a stalemate, the pain became increasingly difficult to ignore. Grimacing from the pain, she nonetheless played on as usual. In fact, the desperation almost helped her to focus a little more. Despite the best efforts of the team, though, the opposition eventually won.

"GG," said her friend Pak So-Jun. "Well, I guess Sang-Mi can go for her potty break now."

"Oh, come on, can't you do another round?" said Do-Yun. "I want to finish on a win."

"I don't want to finish in a wet skirt," said Sang-Mi. "I have to wee, NOW. Sorry, guys."

She took off her headset and winced as the sheer severity of her desperation hit her. She hadn't needed to go this badly since...well, the last time she wet her skirt. She shuddered at the possibility of it. Holding her bladder tight, she slowly stood up, whimpering from the pain. It wasn't far to the toilet. But she couldn't get ahead of herself and lose control when seeing it. Clenching every muscle she had, she slowly walked across the room and opened the door. She was going to make it. It was going to be OK.

Then she felt a hard smack on her bottom.

"Surprise!" came her boyfriend's voice from behind her.

"AAAAAaaaaa..." she said, her shriek of shock turning to a gasp of relief as urine cascaded down her legs, pooling around her cute little feet.

"Woah, I didn't realise you had to go that badly..." he said, walking round the front of her. "It's so cute when you have an accident."

"Fuck you," she said, tears coming to her eyes. "I'm sick of you making me have accidents."

"That wasn't intentional, babe," he said, embracing her and gently stroking her hair. She felt his erection stick into her. "I've just come home to see my special girl. The accident was an added bonus."

"It's not a bonus for me," she said. "You're such a pervert."

To prove the point, Min-Jun undid his flies, revealing his substantial erection.

"Perverts have their advantages, though, don't they?" he said.

Sang-Mi knew that she could just say the safe word at any time and he'd stop. But deep down, she knew she didn't want him to. She wanted to get fucked. And she was going to let him do whatever he wanted, within reason.

She felt his hand shove up her wet skirt and start masturbating her through her wet knickers. She wished he'd pulled her knickers down first, but it was still indescribably hot. She gasped in intense pleasure as she came closer and closer to orgasm.

"Enjoying it a little more now, aren't you?" he said.

As soon as he finished speaking, Sang-Mi finally gave in to orgasm and squealed in pleasure. This was why she put up with him. Well, that, and his stable income.

She felt her knickers being grasped and tugged down her legs. She stepped out of them and let them drop into the pool of urine. She knew exactly what was going to happen next. Min-Jun flipped up her skirt, lifted her up with his substantial strength, and penetrated her. She winced a little at his size, but he fortunately wasn't too grotesquely endowed for her. It felt so good. His stamina was getting better every time, and despite his intense arousal he thrust in her for a minute or so before climaxing. He clutched her close for a few seconds, then put her down to stand again.

"Yeah...that was pretty intense..." she said, blushing. "Sorry for swearing at you."

"You don't need to be, babe," he said. "Go change your skirt, I'll clean up the mess."

"Thanks," she said, giving him a big kiss before strolling into the bathroom to clean up.

A few minutes later, Sang-Mi emerged from the bathroom, having put her red skirt and knickers in to soak. She went back to their bedroom, changed into a cute orange skirt and clean knickers, and started walking back to the computer.

"Sorry, I have to tell my friends where I've been," she said. "I was gaming, and I told them I was going for a toilet break...which I was, initially..."

"Are you going to give them the uncensored version?" he said.

"No," she said. "I'll just say I didn't make it and had to clean up."

"Fine," he said.

Sang-Mi hurried back to her computer and put her headset back on.

"Sorry guys," she said.

"Where the hell have you been?" said So-Jun. "Do-Yun had to go to BJJ class. He's right about women taking ages in the toilet, bloody hell..."

"Yeah...I...didn't make it..." she said. "I had to clean up and change my skirt."

So-Jun laughed. "Well, that's a funny story...better not play that one more game in future, then. Otherwise you'll have to wear diapers."

Sang-Mi was very grateful indeed that her boyfriend hadn't heard that suggestion, otherwise he'd be diapering her in minutes. She at least wanted the pretense of being a mature, adult woman, even if her bladder control suggested otherwise.

*003*2019-08-28 09:25

{{4 hours ago, FUBOT said:

I like this, short and sweet. I would rather more time focused on the desperation or the act of wetting itself, but the aftermath was engaging so I'll survive. Good work!

}}

This one has a little more protracted desperation.

%https://www.omorashi.org/forums/topic/52490-two-koreas-one-fetish/?tab=comments#comment-1693224

