Fidgety Freya

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-12-08 01:51

Choir finals.

Freya sat holding her order of events in her sweating hands. Her hair and make up pristine, her white blouse spotless and her black suit trousers with silver stars perfectly fitted. Last on the list. She could do this. She wasn’t going to let nerves get the better of her now even though her throat felt like it would close it was so dry and her stomach was in knots.

She’d expected to be backstage while the other choirs were on stage where she could relax and do last minute preparations, not sitting in the middle of a row of twenty others in the audience nervously watching every other choir before going on. What sort of set up was this? It hadn’t been like this for the semis or quarter finals but there wasn’t much she could do. Every choir was in the same position except the first on so clearly the rules had been changed.

The curtain drew and the first choir stood arranged neatly in height order. They started every so slightly off key but by the second line they were more relaxed and settled. Freya sipped her water as she listened intently. They were good, though quite an acquired taste, and she knew that starting first was very much a disadvantage as the judges and audience would likely forget them as time went on.

Freya clapped as they finished and bowed before leaving the stage. The host spoke for a few minutes and then introduced the second choir of the evening. Freya sipped more water as her throat felt drier than she could ever remember. She had to loosen her vocal chords before it was her turn to sing. This wasn’t just about being part of a team as she had a lead solo to perform and she intended to be note perfect.

By the fourth choir Freya shifted in her seat. Her bladder twinged a little, most likely due to increasing nerves. She took a few deep breathes and finished her water. Another three choirs and then it would be her turn. The fifth choir was introduced and filled onto the stage. There seemed to be hundreds of them! It took almost five minutes for them all to get into place, during which Freya felt another twinge. She shifted in her seat again.

Krista whispered, ‘you ok?’

‘Yeah just nervous.’

Finally the fifth choir began their songs. The first, a jazzy, bouncy piece that made Freya smile and clap along, the second a more moving slow piece making the audience gasp with emotion. They were good, very good. Freya shifted again, nerves really setting in now. She felt uncomfortable, as if the cushioned flip down seat was suddenly made of nails. At first she couldn’t understand it but then her foot caught her empty water bottle sending it rolling towards the seat in front. She closed her eyes for a second recalling just how much water she had drank in the last few hours. Her hands moved to her bladder and she gently rubbed as another twinge made her shuffle towards the side of the seat. It wasn’t nerves, she suddenly realised: she was needing a wee. Well this wasn’t a good thing, not at all.

As the sixth choir filled the stage and formed a pattern that intrigued her, Freya couldn’t help crossing her legs. It looked awkward on a chair that folded up in the old grand concert hall. Freya wasn’t particularly caring. There was still this choir and another before hers and her mind turned from listening to the choir to trying to think if she had noticed toilets on her way in. There had to be plenty in a concert hall this size, it was just a matter of where.

The issue wasn’t just that the row was too long to slip out easily it was where the rows were that was an issue too. All the competing choirs had been sat right behind the stage to the right where the audience of over a thousand people could watch their every move. Not only that but TV cameras panned frequently looking to catch expressions of worry, nerves, smiles or delight. It just wasn’t an option to get out and find a toilet right now. She had to forget that idea and put any bodily needs out her mind.

If only her body understood that and co-operated.

Finally the sixth choir exited the stage and the penultimate choir made their way forwards. Freya couldn’t stop herself fidgeting, initially leaning forwards with her ankles crossed under her chair, then crossing her legs in front of her, then bouncing a knee or swinging her legs. Little shivers ran through her body and she couldn’t get comfortable at all. Thankfully the others in her row were restless too as final nerves set in as a concert hall usher guided them out of their seats and behind the curtain backstage ready to go on stage any minute.

Freya touched the arm of the usher as he passed. The usher turned towards her and Freya quietly asked:

‘Excuse me, could you show me to the nearest bathroom please?’

‘Sorry Mam, there’s no time for that right now, though do come and find me when you get off stage and I’ll take you then. Good luck mam. I hope you do well.’

Freya wasn’t sure wether to be angry, shocked or embarrassed. Either way she had no time at all to dwell on it as she was gently pushed by fellow choir members along the line backstage. Suddenly she heard clapping from the audience and knew she was about to be watched by over a thousand people plus cameras whilst bursting for the toilet. This wasn’t how she planned to be remembered!

Freya fidgeted from foot to foot as the host introduced the final choir. The choir were silent and standing ready for the curtain to once again open and the choir master was centre with his back to the audience. Sweat formed on Freya’s brow. How could she sing with such a full bladder? This was a disaster!

The audience clapped as the first introductory notes played and Freya pressed her thighs together grateful for someone in front of her, at least for this song. She bit her lip and concentrated on holding her bladder without showing it as she sang as well as she could under the circumstances. Her trousers felt so tight, her bladder swollen with fluids now.

A pause before the music for the second song started and the choir reformed into a new position to allow Freya to walk forwards to be centre stage. The spotlights shone down on her as she struggled with a strong urge to relax and pee. Instead she tensed everywhere she could and tried to think about her singing. She absolutely couldn’t wet herself in front of so many people regardless how badly she had to go.

The first lines were awful. Off pitch, off key and a clear sign of the stress Freya was under. She fidgeted under the lights trying to focus as her bladder raged inside her for release.

A choir member close by whispered:

“Relax Freya. You can do this.”

Freya breathed. She concentrated and forgot herself. She thought about what this meant to her, how long she had wanted this, how desperate she was to win...and she began to relax.

As she sang with her eyes fixed ahead, caught in the moment, with cameras from all angles, microphones catching every note and a thousand set of eyes on her alone, she felt a warmth between her legs.

She was leaking.

She tensed and immediately her voice box tensed and she hit another wrong note.

She relaxed again and another dribble ran into her knickers.

As Freya closed her eyes, lost in the moment, fully focussed on singing her solo, encompassed entirely by the atmosphere and the music, her body and mind fully committed to her performance, there was nothing left to fight against her swollen bladder.

Warm urine pooled into Freya’s underwear, down the inside of her legs and into her high heeled shoes. She couldn’t think about it, she had to keep on signing like everything was perfect. She couldn’t leave, or run or even cover herself. Urine ran faster and faster showing in the crotch of her trousers and forming a dark patch right down both legs.

Still Freya remained in the moment, signing for all she was worth, giving her all to the show.

By the time the song finished Freya’s body had emptied. Her battle was over. Her show was complete.

She walked off stage as if what happened was perfectly normal. The choir was silent until they reached a corridor heading back to their seats in the audience. Freya remained silent, her thoughts completely elsewhere to where her fellow singers were.

The usher caught her eye. He walked towards her looking rather emotional.

‘Wow. That has to be the most incredible solo I have ever heard. You were completely entranced in that song, utterly connected and one with the music. You radiated out there. Congratulations. Now would you like me to show you the ladies before you slip back to your row?’

Freya fidgeted again, this time with embarrassment. With her head lowered she solemnly whispered:

‘I wet myself. When I was signing. I had to relax and...’

The usher stood with his mouth agag as his eyes drifted to Freya’s soaked clothing. He froze there then a minute later shook himself back to reality.

‘Right. Well I’ll take you to the...emm...changing rooms instead shall I?’

‘Yes. But I need back quick before they announce the winner.’

As they walked towards the changing room Freya swore she heard the usher mumble under his breathe:

‘My God she’s a winner in my book that’s for sure!’

