Soulsborne Omorashi Fanfiction - Page 3

Author: MrsLittleleaks

*051*2020-05-27 14:05

@124578

I finished the request about Yorshka. I hope you like the direction I took with it.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/24405892

Five requests remain.

For anyone who reads, I would like to hear your thoughts, either in here or in the AO3 comment section.

*053*2020-05-27 19:40

@124578

Thank you ^^

Haha, alright ^^

Suly isn't having an Omo kink per se, but Aldrich, with which he lead a relationship, really gets a kick of seeing Sulyvahn suffer and that includes Sulyvahn wetting himself. Whenever Aldrich catches Sulyvahn in a situation where he needs the privy, he makes sure that his little priest (later Pontiff) won't get out dry.

Sulyvahn genuinely forgot to provide Yorshka with a makeshift potty, but the moment he realized she had to go, he kinda wanted to get some satisfaction by seeing someone else wetting then himself and so he delayed the converstation until poor Yorshka was overflowing.

*054*2020-06-02 14:57

@diokno44x

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/24507685

Your last request was for Sister Friede, which I finished with this fic, so I hope you enjoy.

Four requests remain. I must say, I can be proud of myself, I managed to write three of them in such a short amount of time *faints*

*056*2020-06-09 15:07

@124578

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/24626458

This is the fill for Eileen.

I also had some important things in the end notes to say, I will put them in here too:

Hey guys, I have a confession to make.

I am aware that this is a very niche kink in a very niche fandom and that I won't get much attention for this kind of content was clear to me.

However, normally I write stuff that is very self indulgent, scenarios with my favourite characters or scenarios where I saw a perfect opportunity, but this is limited and I wanted to stretch my writing muscles, that is why I opened up requests.

Sadly, the last three filled out requests have barely gotten any attention. I can't help but feel that it is because I didn't deliver something good. That people who clicked on it hated it. That I can't write well when I am not super invested in the requested character, even though I give my best to fill out the requests.

That is making me pretty anxious and I am inclined towards not wanting to open up the requests again. I plan to fill out the remaining requests, but after that, I feel I would be happier if I just wrote my own ideas with my favs. However, if you think that I should continue with taking requests, then please tell me. If nobody says anything, I will believe that my initial take is right and people actually don't care for this request fills.

This said, three requests remaining. I promise to fill them out, but I can't promise that I will open up the requests again.

*058*2020-06-10 11:43

Hey, thank you for your kind words. I guess the whole state of the world together with a burn out that is dangerously close and that this requests are rather hard to write, because I have to put quite some research into them, my mind snapped.

I don't know if I want to open them again, I am sure that after I filled out the requests, I first want to take a break and then write some of my original ideas. I will tell when I am ready to take requests again, but that day won't be for a while.

At least you can look forward to 30 oneshots in November, that I already prepared and will post daily for Omovember.

*059*2020-06-17 14:24

@124578

The request for the Dancer is filled out.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/24771787

I only have two requests left, but they could take a while, because they are a bit complicated to fill out like also stated in the Author's Note.

Also, because I have free reign how to end the next request, is there anything you would like to see? Give me inspiration.

*061*2020-06-20 07:46

{{17 hours ago, 124578 said:

What is left? The fallen knight and who?

}}

The Fallen Knight and I got another request for a Omo story starring a Chosen Undead Lady and Patches, that is the one I am working on right now. That request was directly on AO3.

Also, thanks ^^ Yeah, when you look into the lore of Dark Souls 3 and the dancer, you learn that she once was a distant daughter of the royal family. You also learn that the outrider knights got changed into their beastly forms and I strongly belief that the pontiff beast is the last form of the outrider transformation, Vordt and Dancer are halfway through it and because I feel it didn't make much sense for dancer to be bothered by wetting when being a mindless beast, I used her still human form for it ^^

Also, Sulyvahn being a jerk to girls is my new jam! I will make him pay for it in the future!

*063*2020-06-23 14:22

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/24877624

The next request from the so called "Ashamed Anon" is up. It focuses on a female Chosen Undead who has an unlucky meeting with Patches.

I actually had a LOT fun working on this one and think about using the character of Catherine again in the future. How do you like her? Give me your thoughts ^^

*064*2020-06-25 14:44

@124578

The last request was for the Fallen Knight. This story is more on the angsty side at the end, because of how we find the armour in canon.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/21560323/chapters/60284296

And now, like I wrote in the author's note, I need a break. I was working on these requests for a month straight now, almost daily and I have prepared Omovember beforehand (which are 30 themed oneshots). So I am spend.

I have one Omo fic that stills needs to be revised and can be posted soon (that wasn't request stuff, I just never felt like posting it), that I probably will post before November too, but I will very much take a break, at least for a month now before I write another thing. Requests are closed for now also.

Now I am really into the mood looking at peeing art from guys which have been desperate (I even take wetting), so if anybody has some recs, point me to them. This page is full of art of desperate girls and while I love looking into Biku's thread, I crave some guys for a change.

*065*2020-07-08 13:29

Look, I knew I said I needed a break, but uh...

When I was talking with a friend, I got SUPER inspired, so I wrote something... but it is different.

I just spill it: It is a 100 % pwp super gay m/m fic with Nameless King and Ornstein, crossovered Omorashi with Watersports.

Well, if you are into it, I just leave it here, for anyone interested...

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/25146661

*066*2020-09-19 14:47

Well, it has been a while. I have felt burned out and had to finish a bit other stuff first. With a prepared Omovember I also didn't feel like writing too much, but I decided to clean out and post an old story that I never published so far:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/26544736

Title: Sleepy Laurence

Fandom: Bloodborne

Characters: Laurence, Gehrman, Maria, Caryll

Word Count: 3.240

Summary: When the Byrgenwerth friend group around Laurence stops to spend the night in the woods before exploring the next labyrinth, Gehrman learns an interesting new fact about Laurence' bathroom habits.

Alright, and another thing!

I am open up for REQUESTS again, but this time I will set a few RULES:

1) I will only take requests for canon Soulsborne characters, sorry, I won't write for your OCs. You can feel free to ask for one of my own OCs, like my silver knights OCs for example and I don't mind to come up with an OC for a canon group or the player character, but overall, I would prefer for the request to be an established character.

2) I am sorry, but no requests for Gwyndolin. Omorashi makes it rather apparent what kind of junk a person has and I don't want to deal with the Gwyndolin gender discourse, even though I have my headcanons about them. So Gwyndolin is out of the question, sorry.

3) Please provide a general scenario for me to use. If I only get a character, I need to come up with everything myself, when I have a general scenario, for example why the character is desperate and why they can't use the potty it makes it easier for me. Also, if you won't specify if you prefer a wetting or a just made it, I will choose for you.

4) I will only write for ships I feel invested in, especially when it comes to smut. When you want to give a smut request, it HAS to involve watersports. Smut with wetting doesn't do it for me, so for any sexy time please involve watersports in the request.

5) I can turn down requests if I don't feel like I can fill them out. I also am not on a deadline to fill them out. Feel free to ask me about them when you think I take too long, but please tell me when you want to give them to another author (who am I kidding, I am one of the only Soulsborne Omo authors...)

That being said, as long as you follow these rules, I am open for requests again!

*067*2020-10-05 14:41

I have written... more porn...

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/26837419

Title: Ornstein's Godly Shower

Fandom: Dark Souls

Characters: Dragon Slayer Ornstein/Nameless King

Word Count: 3.447

Summary:

A month after Ornstein has marked his Master, he agrees to be the one who gets marked instead, so him and the Sunfirstborn are spending the night away in the forest to indulge on their desires.

If you have requests, please follow the posted rules.

*068*2020-10-18 08:24

I have a new smut fic, this one was a request!

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27078193

Title: For a Friend in Need

Fandom: Bloodborne

Characters: Laurence the first Vicar/Micolash Host of the Nightmare

Word Count: 4.637

Summary: When Laurence helps out Micolash with his experiments, he accidentally gets a drug in his system. Micolash is more than eager to help him out with one of the effects, but when another hits, Laurence gets a bit experimental on his own.)

If you have a request, I ask you to please follow my rules!

*069*2020-11-01 08:45

Ok, guys! It is now finally November, that means I can start to post the Omovember prompts I prepared earlier this year.

First, here is the link to the series where they will all be found in order: https://archiveofourown.org/series/1994920

And second, here is the first prompt, "Desperate in a vehicle": https://archiveofourown.org/works/27324403

Feating Laurence as the victim and Micolash as the supporting party. Obviously Bloodborne.

But don't worry, while I love to torture Laurence, I have a few prompt fills with different characters ^^

I hope you enjoy and I would love to see some comments!

*070*2020-11-02 14:23

Prompt 2 is "Wetting at a Desk" with Micolash

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27348850

*072*2020-11-03 13:46

Day 3 is "In the Woods" with Micolash and Laurence.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27367342

@diokno44x

I have a few female victims in the Omovember, but not Lady Maria. If you want a fic starring her, please send me a request. Don't forget to heed my rules, that you find linked in an earlier post.

*074*2020-11-04 13:50

Day 4 is "With a Friend or Lover" and I decided to use Laurence/Ludwig:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27384487

Tomorrow there will be a Dark Souls fic for a change.

Also, I forgot, but I have Maria as victim as part of group Omo one time, it just isn't from her POV ^^'

