Jittery Jill

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-12-31 01:46

Jill considered herself to be nothing special. A bit overweight, shoulder length brown hair which she generally kept in a rough pony tail, fairly shy and still living with her parents at 19. Her main asset was her intelligence but so far, other then on the cusp of gaining an honours degree in history and psychology, she hadn’t found it helpful in any real life situations, especially relationships. Jill had a few superficial friends, mostly others on her course, but no-one special, and especially not of the male variety. When she wasn’t studying she would walk the family dog, go for a bike read or read. Socialising was rarely a priority but she did make an exception for birthdays, Christmas and other special events.

Today was one of those such events. It has been an interesting year for Jill’s mum who after falling ill and needing a blood transfusion back in March, had discovered her blood group wasn’t what she expected. When it then turned out that her illness could be genetic related at the grand age of 48 she had suddenly found out that her dad wasn’t her dad after all. The news had shaken the tight knit family and her mum had sought out Jill both for emotional support and her history research skills as she tried to trace her biological father. Thanks to Jill’s detective work, online chronicles and the memory of her gran, by mid summer Louise and Jill were on a ferry to Ireland to meet Carson McIvor at a family run pub.

No-one could have predicted the turn of events that happened in the latter half of the year as, rather unexpectedly, Jill formed a close bond with her biological grandfather, with her gran reminding her that his charming ways were still going strong almost fifty years later. Jill was drawn to her biological grandfather across the water and especially his large and complex Catholic family. She sat with him and his wife and made the full family tree one visit which took hours as her grandfather was one of twelve, he had ten children and all but one were married and they all had children too!

Today Jill was taking a short flight again to see them, this time for a huge New Year party with the family and friends. New Year was always a quiet affair for her own parents who never saw the interest really, but despite her own quiet, subdued, homely existence Jill was excited to be heading to the large country house she’d never been to before for what she knew would be a party to remember. She wasn’t over confident, anything but really, but it had to be more fun than an early night with her parents back in Swindon.

Jill arrived at 5pm and was picked up by one of her grandfather’s son’s. He’d hoped her mum would have come too since he’d yet to meet his ‘new’ sister but Jill shyly said that parties were not her scene, though thankfully she was now keeping much better. They made small talk as they stopped at a chip shop and parked while they ate and drank in the car before driving on to the country house. It was dark by the time they arrived and already the house was full of people everywhere, a few Jill had met before but not all. Jill was ushered to the large kitchen were she was handed a glass and she nodded for a lemonade. She planned to save the alcohol for a bit later on.

The evening was going great with plenty opportunities to mingle, playing games and getting to know people. Jill was excited to see quite a number of others her age and she wondered how different her life might have been had her gran stayed with her biological grandfather rather than the man she went on to marry. As a keen historian though she knew that you could never undo or change history and it was foolish to dream otherwise. Her thoughts were drifting when she was nudged by a dark haired gent around her age who handed her a glass of wine and made small talk with her. Jill was drawn to him and found her face reddening and her stomach flutter.

She plucked up the courage to introduce herself and he introduced himself as Liam mcIvor. He was plucky, had definitely been drinking but he came across as sincere and kind and his green eyes sparkled in the light of the busy hallway. When his arm touched Jill’s she found her body turned to jelly. With the noise of the other people and the music Liam politely asked if she wanted to get a seat somewhere and led Jill to a smaller TV room where the TV was on, though muted.

It wasn’t until Jill sat down on the low couch that she realised her bladder was full. She hasn’t had a wee since the airport in England hours ago! She’d been too distracted, too busy, too excited to even think about it, but now she realised she didn’t even know where the bathroom was. She’d also only just sat down and Liam was so captivating she didn’t wish to leave, not yet anyway. Liam seemed just as interested in her company as she did his and despite the subtle protests from her bladder Jill had never been happier. The room might have been full of people but Jill couldn’t take her eyes off Liam and found herself laughing, smiling and listening intently to his every word. Whenever her bladder protested she just crossed her legs and sat up straight, tensing her muscles in the process.

No sooner had her glass of wine finished when she was handed another and Liam seemed to gain another pint. Neither wanted to be the first to part company and Jill worried that if she was to excuse herself to find the bathroom she might struggle to find Liam again in the crowd. Liam was now sitting closer to her with his hand on her knee. Jill slowly moved her hand close to his and as their skin touched she found her adrenaline soaring, making her all giggling and jittery like a little kid. The combination of alcohol and excitement combined with an increasing desperation to pee made her restless, excitable and bouncy.

Liam placed his hand gently over Jill’s and she wriggled in her seat and squirmed with embarrassment, sexual excitement and a strong urge to urinate. Laughing increased her need to pee exponentially and losing her inhibitions with the alcohol and giddiness she placed her other hand between her tightly crossed legs and bounced on the couch. Liam laughed and moved his fingers along the top of her hand and up onto her wrist. Jill wriggled even more on her seat oblivious to the fact Liam was interpreting her actions differently.

Sipping some of his drink for courage he winked at Jill and whispered in her ear:

‘Is someone really wanting something?’

Jill was convinced Liam was aware of her urgent need to pee and as she shifted around with her hand still between her legs, she nodded and smiled. Maybe, she thought, he would show her were the bathroom was and wait for her while she got some relief.

Liam, however, was thinking something altogether different. He placed his fingers through Jill’s and with his other arm pulled her gently towards him and boldly kissed her.

Jill had never felt so jiggly in her life. She felt her cheeks redden, her heart pound, her lips scream for more...and her bladder throb powerfully for urgent release. In a room of other people Jill was lost in her own world, her heart yearning for more of Liam yet her body yearning to release her heavy over full bladder. With her lips locked in Liam’s and her hand intwined in his hand she used her legs and hips to twist and jiggle and her spare hand to stroke between her legs begging her pee to remain inside.

Liam’s eyes sparkled with excitement and when he finally saw where Jill’s other hand was he decided they needed to get some more privacy. He pulled Jill up from the couch and gently lead her through the crowd into the kitchen and out into the garden where he then walked her to the side of the house. Outside he allowed his hands to wander as Jill seemed to dance and twist and jiggle beside him. He ran his hands through her hair and kissed her cheek as Jill appeared to long to masterbate as her hand stroked herself though her dress and leggings.

As Liam slowly pulled Jill’s dress up with Jill against the building wall he leaned in to whisper again:

‘Sorry it’s not as private as I would like baby’

Jill squirmed beneath him barely managing to stop her bladder bursting despite longing to take things further with Liam too. With one hand still between her legs she was so grateful that Liam was holding her dress up ready. He clearly could see how urgently she had to pee and had taken her outside knowing she couldn’t wait had there been a queue at the toilet. He had clearly noticed her squirming and knew without her saying a word that she so desperately needed the loo. Jill wanted him to know how grateful she was:

‘This is perfect Liam. I’m sure you can see how much I desperately want this, how long I’ve been waiting tonight to do this. It’s all I’ve been thinking about for the last hour with you. I’ve never done it like this but oh my God I’m going to go to heaven any moment. Can you help me get these leggings down please?’

Liam was rock hard at hearing this, as still clutching Jill’s dress he moved closer to her kissing her and simultaneously unzipping his jeans and pulling his hard member out.

‘Oh quick babe. Get my leggings and knickers down. I need this so fucking badly you wouldn’t believe!’

Liam obliged willingly pulling both Jill’s leggings and knickers to her knees and watching as her hand immediately went to her throbbing vagina to stroke it. She looked absolutely beautiful, sensual and Liam was horny as hell. He held her dress in his hands as Jill hunched down and he hunched down a little too, pushing his hips towards hers as she finally removed her hand and in the glimmer of a side light from the house next door he saw her hard clit and open pussy which throbbed like nothing he had ever seen before.

As he thrust towards her to enter he felt a warm liquid encapsulate his hard penis. Boy was this girl wet! He’d never experienced anything like it and he longed with every fiber in him to cum.

The liquid dribbled faster as he entered, pulling Jill’s hips towards his. Jill still seemed tense so he ran his arms along her back and whispered:

‘Relax baby. It’s fine.’

‘’Liam you do know I’m pissing on you? I can’t...I can’t stop it. I thought you’d brought me here to pee! I’ve been absolutely dying to pee for hours and I can’t...I can’t hold this any longer!’

That wasn’t what Liam was expecting but his body was on fire. His hard penis was inside Jill’s body now and the warm liquid pouring down his shaft was sending shock waves through him. This was heaven and if Jill continued pissing while he thrust he would be just seconds away from exploding. God was this incredible.

Liam wanted to sound romantic, loving and sexual but hormones and lust took over.

‘Fuck this is bloody amazing! You do whatever you fucking need to honey cos I can’t control myself any longer. You are bloody wonderful!’

With that Jill closed her eyes and with Liam’s body inside hers she allowed her body to do exactly what it craved. She let go of the stress of holding back and gripping Liam to steady herself she let the damn burst utterly and completely, hearing the liquid burst out her at speed and rush over Liam’s private’s and onto the ground where it splashed and ran over their shoes. She guessed it was soaking her leggings and knickers but she was powerless to stop even if she wanted to as her head rested on Liam’s shoulder and her bottom touched the wall behind her.

In among the whooshes and dripping she heard Liam moan and she felt thicker liquid shoot inside her; warm, inviting and ever so welcome. As she did so she felt her own body capsize and shake in an experience she’d never felt before as blood surged throughout her body and her head spun in happiness.

Fireworks exploded around them as the new year started with a bang.

If that was sexual intercourse then Jill needed it again, and again and again.

Now she knew what her gran had seen in the Irish McIvor’s.

Her gran might have walked away from them but Jill wasn’t going to no matter how jittery they made her.

