Georgia Bedford

Author: MoistMark

*000*2025-09-28 14:43

It's been a long time since I last posted. This is a bit of 'experimental' writing I've been doing to extend my techniques. It's written in the second person, inviting you to identify with the protagonist, a prospective model called Georgia, and experience her day as she does. I have also replaced conventional speech marks with Paddy Doyle-style dashes.

It's quite long for here at 4000 words, but is a complete short story. A slow build up with, I hope, a worthwhile ending, wink.

Please let me know what you think.

British setting and spelling.

You are out of breath as you look up at the tall building. Just in time, you think, but you won’t be able to find a loo before the appointment. Never mind. You’re OK.

You take the lift to the fifth floor, watching the red numbers on the display change so slowly. Are you impatient because the interview is due to start in a minute, or because, now you think about it, you really do need the loo? No, it’s because you’re nervous about the meeting, even though it isn’t really a job interview. You drum your fingers on the large folder you brought with you.

The lift pings and the door opens. You step out into a lobby with a number of doors for different businesses. You open the one with a sign saying ‘Freeman Associates’ and find yourself in a pastel-coloured room with a reception desk and the door to an office.

—Hello, I’m Georgia, you say to the receptionist. —Mr Freeman is expecting me.

—Ah yes. He’ll just be a moment, Ms Bedford. If you would take a seat, please.

She speaks into a phone and a minute later, a middle-aged man appears, fastening a grey jacket over his paunch. It gapes widely below the button. He introduces himself and shakes hands with you.

—Did you find us alright? he asks, holding the office door open.

—Yes, thank you. I got held up on the trams though. Apparently there’s been a derailment in Victoria Square and everything’s delayed.

—Oh dear. Please take a seat.

He rounds the desk, sits down and leans forward, observing you. You make yourself smile.

—So, you want to become a model, Ms Bedford. What brought you to that decision?

You have practised this answer.

—I’ve always been interested in fashion. My job is steady but not as fulfilling as I’d like, and my boyfriend encouraged me to give it a go. He thinks I might be what some of your clients are looking for.

—Your job—how easy is it to take time off?

—I just have to get my requests to my supervisor before she does the shift rota on Friday. There’s usually more people wanting shifts than not.

—Do you have your portfolio?

It’s not really a question. He looks pointedly at the folder you’d put by your chair.

—Oh yes, of course, you say, a little flustered, and hand it over.

You watch as he unzips it and takes out the sheaf of photos, spreading the first few out on his desk.

—Hmm, these look professional. Who did you…?

—My boyfriend did these, actually. I haven’t done any modelling work yet.

He picks one up. Black and white, an abstract nude, just dark shadows and curves like a distant landscape. It was one Alex did for his final exhibition at art college.

—Very artistic. He’s quite good, Mr Freeman says, though his expression suggests otherwise. You had no qualms about its being hung on the gallery wall between the one he did of the Sycamore Gap tree, superimposed on a picture of your breasts in profile, and the ones of your vulva, posterised and reproduced twenty-five times like Andy Warhol’s Marilyn Diptych, the false colours differing in each one. Yet now you feel unexpectedly self-conscious, your naked form held between nicotine-stained fingers and regarded with the world-weary expression of someone who has no time for such whimsy.

—The trouble is, Ms Bedford, clients need shots that show your figure, not, um, fine art.

—There are some full-length ones further down, you say helpfully.

He shuffles through the pile—a variety of poses and expressions, a variety of clothes. He sets a small number down on the desk and hands the rest back.

—Your face, he says. —Very refreshing. The world now is full of elfin faces with broad foreheads, narrow chins and large eyes. AI produces hundreds more every day. It’s hard to compete. But you have a far more elusive quality. Pretty but not perfect. A real person. It might be exactly what we need right now.

He neatens the pile of prints with a couple of taps.

—The head shot you sent with your original application is fine. But your portfolio needs to consist of test prints and any professional work you’ve undertaken. Of course, you’re just starting out, so we wouldn’t expect much of the latter. Clients will expect you to have got a professional set done.

He nods towards the ones on his desk.

—Those will do for a start, but they’re not enough.

—I will ask Alex to take some more suitable ones, Mr Freeman.

—I would strongly advise you to pay a professional. There are quite specific requirements.

—There’s the expense, though. You look regretfully at your lap. —We’ve just moved into a new flat. Perhaps after an assignment or two… You raise an eyebrow because it’s a question.

—We can’t promote you without good polaroids…

He looks out of the window in thought for a moment. In the far distance, a ship laden with coloured containers makes its way towards the sea.

—Tell you what. I’ll see if the photographer is around. He picks up the phone and waits for the secretary to answer. —He has a little studio in the building and—Martha? Could you find out whether — is in today?

You didn’t catch the name. Sounded foreign.

—And would you print a Model Release and personal information form for Ms Bedford, please? Thanks.

He hangs up.

—We do a lot of work for one another and he’s very reasonable. It might not be as bad as you think. Oh, and this is just between you and him; it isn’t a booking. You are paying him for a session, so you’ll have to reckon up with him yourself.

He lowers his voice, completely unnecessarily.

—He’ll take cash in hand for something like this. That will save you a bob or two.

He picks up the photos from the desk and hands them to you.

—These are the only ones we can use. Can you submit digital copies of them? We don’t file prints these days.

You agree, zip the folder up, and he holds the door for you again. Martha gives you the forms as you leave.

—I think you’ve got potential, he says as you wait for the lift. —But don’t give up the day job. It all takes time, hard work and total professionalism. The number of people who earn enough to support themselves with modelling alone is very small.

The lift arrives and you step inside.

—Of course, we get a lot of girls starting at seventeen, so they’ve got—what?—seven or eight years start on you.

—Nine, you say ruefully.

Down in the basement, you come to a door marked Studio. Mr Freeman knocks and you both enter.

—Hello —.

Again, you don’t catch the name. The photographer wears tight hipster trousers and a very loud shirt. You think he could be out of one of those films, Austin Powers or something. Not exactly flower power but way before your time.

—Meet Ms Bedford.

—Georgia, you say, and shake hands.

—What a gorgeous outfit you’re wearing!

He throws his hands in the air at the wonder of it.

—Thank you, you say.

—Georgia is hoping to do some modelling, but needs a more complete portfolio, starting with proper test prints. I don’t suppose you could fit in a short session?

The photographer glances at the wall clock above the door.

—Now, Tom? It’s a bit tight. I’ve got a catalogue shoot all afternoon. How many do you want?

—Oh, just standard promo shots for prospective clients. If you haven’t time today…

—Well, I’ve got half an hour. Why don’t we see what we can manage? If that’s alright with you, Georgia?

This is all happening rather quickly, and you’re becoming very aware of how long it is since you last went to the loo, but you can’t see it would be a problem.

—Sure, you say, affecting a bright smile.

—OK, I’ll leave you to it. Thank you, Georgia. It was good meeting you. Just get the forms back to my office. If you have any questions, call my secretary. Take care.

He shakes my hand and leaves quickly.

The photographer looks you up and down. Assessing the kinds of poses that would work well, you suppose. But first, you must address your more immediate worry.

—How much is this going to cost? I’m sorry, but I’ve just moved flat. Lots of expenses. That’s one reason I want to do some modelling. Earn a bit extra.

He smiles.

—Well, just think of it as a favour to Tom. It’s only a few shots, OK? And just for your portfolio. Not for publication, you understand?

You do.

—I’ll need you to sign a model agreement.

—Oh, I’ve got one here.

—That’s Tom’s. I’ll give you one of mine. When I do a freebie, I keep the copyright and grant you a limited licence to use the images for promo purposes without paying royalties. I undertake not to use them myself without your permission. OK?

—Yes. That sounds fine.

—Let’s get started. You can get changed behind that screen. There’s a chair for your clothes.

You start to feel panic

—Um, what am I supposed to wear?

—Plain clothes. Leggings and vest top are best. What have you brought?

—Nothing. I wasn’t expecting…

—Ah. That could be awkward. You see, a model is like—

He seems to be hunting for the right word.

—a blank canvas for the photographer. He chooses the person who will let him realise his vision, then he uses makeup, clothes and hair to create the product. That’s why we need these plain shots. The other stuff, examples of other photographers’ work, they’re for the clients. No imagination, most of them.

There is a silence while he thinks.

—I suppose we could do some nude shots. Nothing, you know… Neutral poses. Otherwise we’ll have to book a slot another day, and that will incur charges.

You think a moment. You are actually reassured by his campiness, and suspect he may be gay. And Mr Freeman did recommend him.

—OK. I have done nude work before.

True, you think, though it was only Alex. You blink, thinking of the ones he took in the bedroom. Certainly not for a wider audience!

—Right. Well, there’s the chair.

He turns away and busies himself with the lights and reflectors, while you undress quickly.

—We’d usually take time doing different sorts of shots and getting to know each other before launching into nudes, he says, still with his back turned. —But the time…

—Yes. A bit of a rush. I’m ready now.

He looks up. You stand there, hands behind your back so they don’t betray your nervousness, while he inspects you again. You remember you waxed last week, so at least that’s something you don’t need to worry about.

—Good. Come and stand over here, please.

He makes an extravagant gesture to the area between the light stands and a huge sheet of paper hanging as a backdrop. You stand still while he takes reading off your face with a handheld meter. Then he shoots head and shoulders from the front, back and sides, and full length shots all round too, while you stand with your arms by your sides looking straight ahead. Apart from the nakedness, you feel like a criminal being photographed by the police. The flash bulbs pop when he presses the shutter and buzz slightly as they recharge.

—Very good. You are an excellent sitter. There is still a little time left. Would you like me to do a few more creative shots as well? They might come in useful one day.

—Sure. That would be great.

There’s a bar stool at the side, which he moves into the middle.

—Why don’t you sit here?

He gives it a little pat. You go and perch on the stool. You really do need to pee now. Maybe it’s the nerves. You clamp your internal muscles like you’re doing Kegel exercises and hope the feeling goes away.

He moves you rapidly through a series of poses. Both hands on one knee, then the other. One arm on your head, the other held high like you’ve just got out of bed. ‘Wonderful, super, fantastic,’ he says as he moves around you, standing tall and getting down low for different angles.

Pop, pop, go the bulbs.

You’re made to draw one knee up with a hand round it. Pop. Then you must lean forward, fingers intertwined under the chin. Pop. Same pose, but knees wide, elbows resting on them, as he shoots from the front. You swallow, aware this is very revealing. A glance down shows your neat triangle of hair pointing down at two lips separated by frills like dark pink curly kale. At least it’s out of frame.

—Nice smile at the camera, Georgia, he says, and you oblige. No time to be self-conscious.

He gets you to stand up and lean on the stool, hands on the seat, arms straight, and takes you from several angles.

—On tiptoes. Pop. Gorgeous!

The discomfort in your groin is growing stronger, but still you ignore it.

He moves right behind you and makes you turn and twist various ways. It’s obvious he’s investigating the way your bum looks in different positions, and you hope it looks OK. Alex always admires it. Like an apple, he says. No sag.

—Can you turn towards me and put both hands on one hip, like so? Pop. —Excellent! One arm behind your back to grip the other elbow… Pop.

—One foot right up on the seat now. Lean back as far as you can. Yes! Shake your hair so it falls behind you. Oh, that’s wonderful. It’s like a waterfall. Pop. —Now lean forward, resting on that leg. Yeah, one arm behind it, the other keep out of the way. Rest your cheek on your knee and look this way.

One boob is hanging beside your leg facing the camera, the other squashed against the top of your thigh.

—Give me pensive. Pop. That’s super. Now give me a sultry look. Smoulder.

You can’t think how to do that. You pull a face, realise it’s ridiculous and you both laugh. Pop! He catches you in mid-laugh. —That’ll be a nice one, he says.

Suddenly a wave of urgency passes through you and you jerk forward, hanging on to the pee for dear life.

—Are you alright?

—Actually, can I go to the toilet? The trams were late and…

The photographer looks at the clock.

—Oh, no, darling. We’ve only got ten minutes left. Can’t you hang on?

—I’m really desperate though!

—Trouble is, by the time you’ve got dressed and gone upstairs…

—OK, just ten minutes, you say. But you feel a wetness down there, and with no knickers to absorb any drips, you feel awfully exposed.

—Let’s try again, he continues. —Sit on the stool, lean forward slightly, knees like so, hands on each one. Now, look into the lens. Chin down, so you’re looking up from beneath those lovely long lashes. Perfect. Pop.

—Now a sly smile. More knowing, like you know how hot you are. Oh yes! Pop.

You’re concentrating very hard, so the next wave of urgency catches you unawares. There’s definitely a wet patch between your legs and you can’t help the look of alarm on your face. You’re going to have to admit it.

—Oh god! I think I’ve leaked.

—Don’t worry. The seat won’t harm. It wipes clean.

He rubs his chin.

—I’ve got something in mind for you. I’m looking for a model for an advertising commission. Print, online and video, so it would be a great opportunity. It’s a drinks manufacturer doing a summer promotion. You know, beach, bikinis, young people having a great time and drinking Ginto. I wonder if we can do an audition video.

—Wow. Will it take long?

—No. Just a few minutes of you laughing and drinking. We need a glass or something. Hang on. He rushes out into the corridor and comes back in a couple of seconds with an empty cup from the coffee machine. He looks around and sees a box of wine amid the clutter on his desk.

—Aha! Do you drink white?

—Uh, yes. But what about water, or coffee, even?

—That machine is way too slow.

He pours a cup and gives it you.

—I don’t suppose you’ve got a bikini with you.

You shake your head.

—Never mind, we’re short of time. This is just head and shoulders, anyway, so don’t move too far. Now, I just want you to start by throwing your head back and laughing. Swish your hair behind you as you do it. Then take a big gulp, OK?

He sets the camera on a tripod, fiddles with it a moment, and says ‘Action’. You let out a peal of unconvincing laughter, toss your head back and take a drink.

—Oh dear, was that terrible? It sounded terrible.

—It looked alright. That’s the main thing. Now I want you to drain the cup and set it on the stool. Look as if it’s the best thing you’ve ever tasted. Ready? Action.

You grin into the camera, knock back the drink and plonk it down with a sigh of satisfaction.

—How was that?

—Fantastic! Let’s do another one, and give even more delight at the end. Here, let me refill that for you.

—Should you? I’m already a little tipsy.

—It’s nearly lunchtime. You must be hungry. A sandwich and coffee will sort that. The café just outside the building does really good ones. OK, shall we go again?

You nod, and this time you drain the cup and give it your best look of utter joy.

—Yeah, that should do it, I think. Something to show the client and get their approval. They will want to look at a few models, though, so I can’t promise anything.

—What about the paper cup? Shouldn’t it be a Ginto bottle?

—Not necessary. It’s just a casting reel. They’ll just want to know what you look like.

He glances at the clock.

—A couple of last shots? Put one foot right up on the seat like before. Keep the one on the floor straight. Lean in to raise the knee further.

You feel a little unsteady. The wine went straight to your head, and hit your bladder hard. You hold your arms out sideways to get your balance.

—Are you alright?

You nod.

—OK, lean on that leg and put your arms by your sides.

You’re being stretched, your legs nearly in a straight line. In that extreme position, he photographs your bum, your side, your front.

—Lean right in now. Harder. Push.

You press your body against the raised leg, stomach squashed. You can’t hold the pee. There’s an unmistakable trickle down your leg.

— I’m losing it, you say. — We’d better stop.

— Nearly done. Hold on a  little  longer. Can you angle that raised leg outwards? Put a hand on the knee.

He’s making you display your pussy. And it’s wet. You feel something trickle out of it and down to your bum.

— You’ll be able to see the drops on the pictures.

— Let me see…

He comes closer to scrutinise your pussy and thighs. You register that you don’t feel shy. It’s only been fifteen minutes, and he’s already photographed you from so many angles that it isn’t embarrassing any more. Is that all the time it takes, you wonder, to lose your inhibitions?

— No, they won’t show up, not that little bit. Pop. He takes a shot.

— They will catch the light, you insist. —Let me dry myself.

— They’ll get airbrushed out, don’t worry.

He goes to the rear, kneels down and there’s another pop.

— Really push against your leg now.

Another gush comes out and you lose the pose completely.

— I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I can’t hold it any longer. What can I do?

— Oh, the floor’s known worse, he says with a dismissive gesture. —Let it go. I’ll mop up later.

You give him a horrified look.

— I mean it, he says. —Won’t be the first time. Put your foot up again and see how far you can pee. The record is to the cupboard over there.

You don’t believe that, but the pee comes again and there’s no way you can stop it.

— I’m peeing, you groan.

— Push it out! Aim for the wall!

Despite yourself, you lift your leg and pee hard. It splatters noisily across the studio floor leaving a streak as far as the edge. The relief is amazing! You look down and your long inner lips are forced out by the stream, making a spout on either side. The soft flaps thrum against the flow until it dies down. You take a deep breath.

— Oh my God. That’s so embarrassing. Look at the mess!

— Don’t worry. It’s only pee—it’ll mop up. Everyone pees. Blokes pee at the side of the road. It’s no biggie. And it’s made a wonderful video.

You’re shocked.

— What? You videoed me peeing? That’s gross!

— A lot of people don’t think so. In fact they’ll pay good money for this sort of thing. There’s a market for it if you’re interested. You could make it a sideline. Operate under a different name. Keep it separate from your modelling work.

You can’t take it in.

— You mean, do piss videos?

— Sure. If you want to make some ready cash. It doesn’t have to interfere with the other stuff. Why don’t you look at the take?

He opens his laptop and angles it so you can watch.

— How did it get on there?

— The camera’s got Wi-Fi.

— You should have asked! I didn’t say you could film that.

— I know. I’m sorry. It wasn’t like there was time, and the camera was set up so I just pressed record. But you choose. If you want, I’ll delete it. No worries. Take a look first, though.

He clicks and you see the small figure on the screen trying to hold the difficult pose and struggling. She jerks as a gush comes out and runs down one leg. Then another clip where she is standing facing the camera and a stream just appears between her legs. She puts one foot up on the stool and looks with astonishment at the jet she lets loose. As it abates, the camera slowly zooms in on her pussy, following the last drips as they run down her leg.

— See? It’s that easy. Worth a bit of money, that sequence. Just what you need right now. Would you like me to tout it around? There are a few sites I deal with.

— What, on the Internet?

— Yes. Specialist sites. Or there’s Clips4Sale, that sort of thing.

— What if someone recognises me, though?

— I could crop off your head, or blur your features. It’d be a pity though. The look on your face was priceless! Anyone could tell it was an accident. Makes it worth a lot more.

— I don’t know, you say. — I need to think about it.

— Look, I’ve got to go. Here’s my card. Call me. I’ll have the portfolio pictures ready in a couple of days.

He’s running round turning things off.

— Do you want to see the prints before I give them to Mr Freeman?

You do, and give him your number. He hands you a large towel and tells you to bang the door shut when you let yourself out. Then he’s gone and you sag onto the stool, quite exhausted.

*001*2025-09-28 14:51

In case you non-Brits don't know:

Lift = elevator

Tram = trolley

Flat = appartment

A complete short story -- but do you think it deserves a second part? How should Georgia proceed? Delete the videos or do some more?

