Elise's Desperation

Author: mysterious331

*000*2021-04-15 02:58

Elise had returned from her latest mission to her house. As she walked to the house, she started to wiggle in desperation with her legs crossing together.

"I shouldn't have drank 32 ounces of that lemonade," she muttered searching through her pockets shaking as if she was shivering from the cold. "Now where'd I put my... "

Then she remembered! She had given the keys to Chris for safe keeping. So while trying to hold her bladder tight, Elise pulled out her cellphone and punched in Chris' number.

Chris answered the phone. "Hello," he answered. "Chris, honey, it's me!" Elise replied. "Oh hey, Elise," Chris replied back. "How are you?"

"I'll be fine," Elise told him through gritted teeth still desperate to use the bathroom. "Just as soon as you open the door now. I really have to go!"

"GO?" Chris asked sounding hesitant. "Oh, well, I'm afraid... I have a problem. I'm not at home."

"What do you mean you're not at home?!" Elise shouted.

"See, I had to come here to Burgerphile to pick up my order," Chris told her. "I ordered it through the phone and I'm here right now to pick it up. So I'll be right over in a while."

"I can't wait a while, Chris!" Elise shouted desperately. "I have a full bladder here! I need to get into to house so I can tinkle!"

"Well, it's going to take me a while to get back home, Elise," Chris said.

"So I'm locked out here holding on to dear life of my bladder until you come back?!" Elise shouted still squirming to keep her bladder tight.

"No," Chris told her. "I had Dan stay around while I get my order."

Elise then stared ahead in horror. "Oh no," she whispered.

The last thing she wanted was to have Dan stay alone in her house. There was no telling what chaos he would have started while he was inside alone. So Elise quickly headed for the window and stared through the window. There was Dan resting on the couch with a bored look on his face as he flipped through channels.

"Man, all these channels and there is just nothing on," he muttered under his breath. "I'm starting to give up on television at this point."

Just then, Dan heard a loud tap at the window. He walked over to see Elise tapping on the glass. She was stomping her feet on the ground while holding on tightly to her crotch.

"Elise?" Dan said. "Where did you come from?"

"Never mind that, Dan!" Elise shouted. "Just open the door so I can go to the bathroom!"

Dan then thought about it. He was quite enjoying Elise's desperation and wanted to have a little fun before letting her in. "Hmm... give me one good reason why I should let you in."

"Because it's my house!" Elise shouted.

"Why?" Dan asked.

"Because I paid for it!" Elise yelled.

"Why?" Dan asked again.

"Because I got the money for the house!"

"Why?" Dan asked once again.

"BECAUSE I NEED A PLACE TO STAY INSIDE... AND PEE!" Elise shouted angrily.

Dan then paused once again. "Why?" he finally repeated.

"DAN!" Elise growled loudly. "Open this door right now!"

"Open it?" Dan asked. "I would open it. But I'd be touching your property, which you wouldn't like."

"I'm serious, Dan!" Elise snapped. "OPEN THIS DOOR RIGHT NOW!"

Dan just thought for a moment. "I'll have Chris open it for you," he said. "He'll be back in a few minutes."

Dan just walked away. "Dan! You come back here!" Elise shouted angrily. "I swear, if I wet myself, I'll shove you down the toilet! Dan! DAAAN!"

Elise stared angrily at the window. She continued to grab her crotch tightly. The urine wasn't going to hold inside any longer, and Elise couldn't afford wet pants.

So she went to the backdoor to open it, only for Dan to beat her to it and lock it. "Too slow," Dan said smiling.

Elise growled. "DAN!" she shouted furiously.

Dan just walked away casually with a smug smile on his face. Elise felt her bladder stinging. "Just hold it, Elise," she told herself. "You're going to make it. You'll make it."

So Elise went to the kitchen window, only to find that Dan had locked the window. Elise just stared at Dan furiously as she banged on the window. "You're a dead man, Dan!" she shouted.

"No, I'm healthy and well hydrated," Dan retorted. "I think I need a glass of water to quench my thirst."

So Dan went into the refrigerator and pulled out a full jug of ice cold water. This only made Elise's desperation worse. She continued holding onto her crotch as she watched Dan pour the water into a cup.

"Look at the lovely waterfall," Dan said trying to get in Elise's head. "Such a nice splash."

Dan then took the cup of water and started gulping it down slowly, causing Elise to squeeze herself together harder. Dan was really making it harder for her.

As Dan finished, he walked to the sink. "Now to rinse out my cup," he stated.

Elise's desperation got even worse when she saw the faucet running as Dan washed out his cup. Dan was really enjoying seeing Elise so desperate to get inside to use the bathroom. He was hoping that Elise would wet her pants and he would videotape it to show the whole world Elise's embarrassing accident.

As Dan walked away, Elise grabbed her crotch as she raced to the other side of the house, only to learn those windows were locked as well. She then returned to the glass window and saw Dan sitting on the couch. "DAN!" Elise shouted banging on the window. "DAN! YOU OPEN THIS DOOR RIGHT NOW!"

Dan pretended he didn't hear her and watched a channel with a river. Elise was very desperate to use the bathroom that she had to quickly stare away. When she looked around, she saw the bushes around the house. She thought about it, but then she thought against it.

"No. You're better than this, Elise," she whispered to herself. "Just hold it until Chris comes back with the key."

But by this time, Elise felt her bladder about to leak, and she was left with a choice: either wet herself, or relieve herself behind the bushes. "Fine!" Elise finally shouted in despair. "I can't believe I'm really going to do this."

Elise felt so embarrassed to do it. But she knew that she would wet her pants if she didn't just go right away, and Dan was obviously not going to let her step in the house until he would see Elise with wet pants.

Elise looked around and went inside the shed in the backyard. She went inside one of her drawers and found a piece of soft handkerchief. It was in mint condition and clean.

Feeling the drops of liquid on its way to exit out of her lower regions, Elise quickly dashed outside and stood behind the bushes. With the handkerchief in her left hand, Elise looked around to make sure no one else was watching. After a while, she finally pulled her pants and panties down, squatted down, and started to pee.

While Elise was finally relieved she was able to pee without wetting herself, she was still angry with Dan for locking her out and forcing her to squat and pee behind the bushes instead. She especially hated the cold breeze blowing through her bare butt while she was peeing a river on the lawn.

"Grr, I am going to MURDER him!" Elise growled underneath her breath.

After about 40 seconds had passed, Elise then heard Dan laughing. She looked straight ahead just to see Dan recording Elise squatted while peeing on his cellphone. "Smile, Elise," Dan sneered capturing Elise, who was staring holes at Dan.

"Dan, I am going to KILL YOU when I'm finished!" Elise told Dan angrily. She was so angry that her pee stream started pouring quickly. She was really forming a river on the grass.

Dan just laughed. "When you gotta go, you gotta go, sweetheart," Dan mocked. "You might beat the world record of peeing at the longest time once I put this on YT."

Dan laughed, and Elise finally finished after a minute and 20 seconds. "You better not, Dan!" Elise told him as she began to wipe. "I swear, you post that video for everyone to see me, I will KILL you!"

After wiping, she tossed away the handkerchief and pulled up her pants. She stared angrily at Dan and started to chase him. "Come here, you lousy jerk!" Elise shouted as Dan ran away in fear.

"I don't think I thought this through!" Dan cried apprehensively.

Just then, a pair of headlights shined on them both. It was Chris, who had parked in the driveway just in time. He hopped out of the car, holding a Burgerphile bag, and stared at Dan and Elise.

"Need I asked what's going on here?" he started.

"Nothing, Chris," Dan told him grinning widely, trying to seem innocent. "There wasn't anything going on between me and Elise, right?"

"Not yet," Elise grumbled silently.

"Whatever," Chris said sounding uninterested. "Listen, I'm going to finish my food inside now."

Before Chris made his way to the door, he noticed a long trail of urine trickling through the grass. "Say, what's that?" he asked.

"Just a small river," Elise told him.

"Yellow river?" Chris asked.

"Let's just go inside," Elise said shoving Chris to the front door, with Dan following along. "I'm still going to kill you, Dan," Elise muttered under her breath.

Dan gulped a little. He was afraid for a bit, but at the same time, he was glad he got a video of Elise and just smiled at his cellphone.

