The dog groomer with ADHD

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2025-05-20 00:21

I nervously rang the door bell even though I was confident I was at the right address. The sign on the gate as I entered had been a bit of a give away and my placement had been arranged for months, but still the owner seemed to be taking an age to answer even though I could hear multiple dogs barking. Finally the door was opened by a tall confused looking woman wearing odd slippers, biting into toast, with her hair still wet like she’d just got out the shower.

I smiled at her nervously then lifted my hand to shake hers even though she didn’t shake mine back, which I admit was rather awkward. I told her who I was and even showed my college ID on my lanyard but it took ages before she seemed to understand. That should have been a sign to me of what things would be like on that placement but I put it down to Lana being busy and just forgetting the date, though in hindsight I ought to have picked up on the ADHD right then and there.

She eventually took me around the back of the house to a large outhouse at the end of the garden where I waited for her to be organised and join me. It gave me a chance to explore the set up, which I have to say was rather impressive and very much in keeping with the ‘Pampered Pups’ name.

Lana joined me soon afterwards handing me a mug of tea. I could tell the teabag had been left in the mug so I fished it out and disposed of it when Lana wasn’t looking. Lana had her own mug that she sipped from frequently whilst showing me around. She’d just finished her mug when the first client arrived.

I watched as she made such a fuss of the little cocker spaniel before the owner finally left and we could start washing, cutting, trimming nails and generally pampering the clearly loved pet. All in all I think Shadow must have been with us over an hour before we got to the drying part, which he clearly loved. Leaving me to brush him Lana opened a portable fridge and handed me a cold can of cola while she had one too. It was much needed after the heat of the dryer. Shadow was given some water then taken into the garden for a pee before settling in a very comfortable dog bed to rest until his owner returned.

After Shadow was collected we had JoJo arrive, a curious energetic poodle pup who was into everything! Pampering, playing with and washing JoJo was so much harder than Shadow but so much fun too. Both Lana and I were getting soaked so Lana offered me a waterproof apron which I should have thought to use earlier. By the time we were onto drying JoJo the tea from earlier and the can of juice were starting to run through me and I could feel my bladder needing emptied. I waited until JoJo’s owner collected her, by which time it was midday, then I knew I had to overcome my embarrassment and ask Lana if I could use her bathroom. She smiled at me but happily told me where the downstairs loo was in her house and gave me the key.

I returned back out to see her cleaning the bath and all the grooming tools while she said I could stop for lunch if I wanted. I’d brought some food with me so I opened my lunch and began eating while Lana remained hyper focused on cleaning, way more than I felt was necessary. She did make herself a glass of water and ate a banana but apart from that she never stopped working. She talked loads though, often losing her train of thought too, so I had multiple half finished stories that lunchtime which I nodded along too or smiled on cue.

At 1pm the first afternoon dog arrived, an adorable friendly malipoo called Duke. It was while we were both bathing Duke that I noticed Lana getting a bit more antsy. My suspicions were confirmed quickly when she reached for the shampoo and did a little bounce on the spot then looked right at me.

“Remind me to go to the loo once we’ve finished Duke. I’ve got a terrible habit for forgetting I need to go!”

I smiled awkwardly then quickly looked back at Duke not really knowing what to say. I didn’t feel I knew Lana well enough to actually remind her of her own bodily needs so I sort of hoped she was just mucking around or teasing me. Anyway, we carried on grooming Duke, who was loving every minute of the attention, while Lana remained more fidgety and wriggly throughout. Once again we were both sweating using the hair dryer so Lana kindly fetched us both a cold drink again. I sipped at mine despite being thirsty but Lana guzzled hers as she fussed over Duke, offered him a drink of water then took him out for a pee too. I watched from the open door as Duke had a right sniff around the garden before finally lifting his leg and marking his territory. After ten minutes or so of letting him sniff and explore Lana brought him back in and settled him onto a blanket to rest.

At this point Lana finally sat down and turned a computer on before waving me over.

“I’m really meant to update this after each dog but I’m terrible for forgetting.”

She talked me through all the details she recorded, getting distracted at one point to text Duke’s owner while also wriggling more and more on her seat. Typing some stuff up she then squirmed around even more then looked at me and blushed.

“Sorry I’m so fidgety. As soon as Duke’s owner collects him I’m gonna nip to the loo. I’ve been needing to go for ages but I keep putting it off.”

I tried to hide my own blushing and embarrassment as I thought of all I’d seen her drink since I’d arrived.

“I can wait with him if you’d like?”

“That’s kind of you, but honestly I do this all the time. I blame my ADHD. My brain annoys the hell out of me at times. I’m either hyper focused on something and refuse to stop come what may or my brain is all over the place jumping from one thing to another and I can’t focus on anything long enough to do it. They gave me medication to help but I’m so forgetful most days I can’t even remember if I’ve taken it or not. This is pretty normal for me if I’m honest. Janis must be running late again. She’s a regular client so I never say anything though. Duke’s adorable anyway so who wouldn’t want him that bit longer? Look at that cute contented face there. I think we’ve exhausted him, the poor thing.”

She suddenly refocused back to the computer, this time with her legs crossed and her hand at the top of her thighs. About ten minutes later Duke stirred and his ears perked up alerting us to the fact his owner was approaching the outhouse. Lana put Duke’s lead on ready and I watched quietly as she greeted Janis and fussed over the dog, telling Janis how great he was at his grooming session. Janis seemed so focused on the dog that she either didn’t notice or chose to ignore the fact that Lana was all over the place physically. She couldn’t stand in one position for more than 30 seconds before bouncing, twisting or just constantly moving. She’d now been saying she had to go to the toilet for the best part of an hour so I was sure she must have been really bursting but trying to remain professional in front of a client.

Finally Janis and Duke left as Lana continued to pee dance as we watched them walk down the garden and out of sight. Suddenly I turned to look at Lana when my eyes almost popped out of my head! Right in front of me she was standing with a hand in her crotch! I thought she was surely going to run into her house to pee but just then her mobile rang and she hobbled to the desk to answer it.

I decided to keep busy by tidying up behind the desk not wanting Lana to know I was watching her from behind. As she kept her voice steady on the phone below her waist her hand was now wedged between her legs as she scissored her legs in and out faster and faster. As soon as she ended the call she wriggled in the chair like crazy and spoke to herself.

“Oh I really need to pee so bad!”

I was sure she’d forgotten I was there even though I’d been with her all day. As much as I was enjoying her displays of desperation I was genuinely worried Lana might pee herself and become very embarrassed about it so I cleared my dry throat and spoke.

“I can keep an eye on things here. I think you’d better go. You look really desperate there.”

She turned abruptly to look at me as if she hadn’t a clue who I was, all the time squirming on her fisted hand that was pushed between her legs.

“I’m nearly having an accident. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”

She stood up from the chair, her hand not moving from her crotch as she bent forward and hobbled towards the door to head down the garden into the house. I quickly brushed down my trousers to check my own thoughts weren’t outwardly obvious as I knew I had to be careful not to be caught. Trying not to think about the long loud gusher of a wee I was sure Lana was now enjoying I tried tidying up to keep my own mind focused when suddenly I heard footsteps approaching and a female voice moaning.

It was Lana looking flushed, frantic, and even more fidgety than ever.

“I forgot the keys! Where are the keys!”

I looked round the parlour to see where I’d put them when I came back from the house earlier but I couldn’t see them anywhere. Picking up things to look I glanced over to see Lana with her legs marching quickly as she searched her desk urgently.

“I need the loo! I need the loo!”

“Have you got a spare set anywhere?”

“I used to but I lost those too!”

She sat down on her wheeled office chair fanning her legs again whilst now holding herself with both hands.

“Is your front door locked too?”

“I’m sure it is. Maybe it isn’t though. I don’t know. I think I locked it. Oh I can’t even think straight right now!”

“Do you want me to go check?”

“Would you do that? Can you be quick?”

“Of course.”

I jogged down the garden and around the front of the house where I’d arrived over 5 hours earlier. Pushing the gate open I rushed to the front door and pushed it open. Closing it again instantly I raced back to the outhouse to share the good news with Lana. Out of breath but relieved to share the good news my jaw dropped as I pushed the doors of the outhouse open. There in front of me at the back of the parlour was Lana stood inside the bath we’d spent the morning using to wash dogs. Her hair was damp with sweat, she was bend down gripping the front of the bath with one hand and as I stepped closer I noticed her leggings were down at her knees. She looked up at me staring right through me as a loud hissing noise filled the room as pee splashed onto the porcelain bath and pooled all around Lana’s socked feet as I heard liquid pouring down the plug.

Dazed, amazed, hard and with my core temperature raised I covered my crotch with my hands as I gazed at Lana peeing right in front of me in a bath normally used for canines.

“The front door was unlocked.”

“Thanks. I need to get changed once I’m finished. Lucky’s due shortly though. Can you deal with them until I’m back?”

Lana was still peeing strongly as I now purposely looked away towards the door.

“No problem at all.”

Desperately hoping my hard on would settle down before any client arrived I heard Lana’s flow finally end and her clothing being pulled back up.

“Sorry to ask but you couldn’t help me out of here could you?”

I twisted to face Lana again as I walked over the take her hand to help her out the bath right as she giggled shyly.

“Really sorry you saw that. I’ve got a terrible habit of not going until it’s really urgent. A major trait of my ADHD unfortunately. You’ll need to remind me tomorrow please.”

Despite shyly nodding in agreement the rest of that week I never did remind Lana even when she mentioned it several times and squirmed loads. I don’t think she noticed how much I enjoyed watching her, at least I hope she didn’t! It was definitely a much better week than I ever anticipated!

*003*2025-05-20 22:30

{{21 hours ago, Labzu said:

Your story’s are always so well written. Thanks for sharing

}}

Thank you. I’ve always loved writing

