Desperate car ride

Author: MarginMaxis

*000*2016-06-23 03:10

It was a cool fall evening and my girlfriend and I were headed to the fair in Dallas Texas, sure it was a long way but we live in Austin so it wasn't to bad a drive. I remember when I was a kid I went there with my mom and dad...I had a blast and Selena had never been so I though she should go. We found a parking spot and headed in...(after an hour of searching for the spot). Inside we saw games and rides bigger than she could imagine. She turned to me with stars in her eyes and said,"This place is huge...where do we start,uhhh how about the bumper cars...OHHHHHH no wait let's do..."

"Ok calm down buttercup." I said "let's do the scrambler first. I love that one." She agreed and we hopped on. I helped her in,and said "hang on..." Then it started and the machine started spinning and spinning. Selena leaned against me and I put my arm around her. About 5 seconds later a kid on the other side threw up so the ride was shut down and we had to get off. "Well that sucks...first ride and its shut down..." I sadly said "but there's tons more. Let's go." So we rode...well almost everything...except the one where it lifts you up...and drops you down real fast...she was to scared...she said something about this girl who's legs got cut off on something like that...but we rode lots of other rides.

Rollercoasters, bumper cars, there was even laser tag, she beat me but I let her...towards the night we got thirsty so we stopped for some lemonade at the stand...we also got a funnel cake.(SOOOO GOOOD) we found a nice spot on the grass and shared the cake. We finished our cake and I told her there was one more ride I wanted her to ride.we reached it by 10:30 but there was a crazy bad line. We was gonna ride the biggest Ferris wheel...but the wait seemed endless.about 11:00 we were still in line and I noticed Selena rocking back and forth, I asked what was up and she said " nothing."

I knew what was up though...the biggest lemonade cup will do that to you. 11:15 we finally got on and started heading up...I could tell it was getting worse, she kept rocking and her hands were planted in her crotch. I asked her if she needed to go to the bathroom and she finally cracked and said she did...I said when the ride was over we'll find the bathrooms. We got the the top and she looked out across The landscape with nothing but big gasps. It's a very breathtaking sight honestly. I then scooted close to her putting my arm around her and I stole a kiss...

And I probably shouldn't have because when I did, she jumped and jammed her hands back into her crotch again...(must've shocked her...) I apologized and she said it was ok...she just needed to get to the nearest bathroom soon. When the ride ended we seemed to be the last ones off. Selena had her hands dig in and locked into her crotch, she kept fidgeting and squirming. We were then told it was time to leave...we still looked for bathrooms but they were locked I said we should just find a gas station but she said the exact words to me, "but it's 12:00 and their all closed today...my last hope is back at your house.(Which is 2 fucking hours away.) come on hurry." So we jumped in I started it and we hurried to the intersection and turned for Austin...we did hit a bump and Selena screamed...I screamed to "WHAT WHATS HAPPENING..."

"I leaked...a lot.....I feels so gross........I feel like I'm gonna burst......please drive faster...." So I picked up the pace. The whole trip back was me telling her she would make it and her moaning and crying. I had my dodges pedal to the metal,cut some moms and kids off, got some middle fingers here and there but we finally made it to Austin... "15 more min... That's not to bad...I'm positive you'll make it." Selena couldn't speak. All she could do was tremble...I asked if I should just pull over and she said no and to just keep going...I could tell she had basically peed herself...her pants looked like a kiddy pool...we got to the gas station near my street when she just yelled as loud as she could...then she was crying her eyes out...

I looked at her and I heard a loud hissing...I just....I kept driving......but I gave her a big kiss...while she was still relaxing...I looked her in the eye and told her it was ok...I loved her...I truly did...we got back to my house...I threw her clothes in the washing machine...she got a shower while I tryed to clean my truck....whitch I think I did a good job of...if I can say so it think it looks better than before...I went inside and found her with her cloths all washed and her all clean...she said well I...I've caused enough trouble I should go....but I told her to stay and we could watch a movie...I told her we shouldn't let this taint our vision on eachother.....I also told her there was to much funnel cake left for just me....she paused,blushed,and said

"you had me at funnel cake!"

Btw this is not a true story...yea .-.

