The “pee urge dance”!

Author: MikeB

*000*2026-01-22 22:46

The content of the story is brutal and sadistic, the characters are all over 18 years old.

Long time ago, there was a ruler who had a preference for young girls who were just over 18 years old. He also liked boys of that age.

Furthermore he was a great sadist and loved not letting the girls pee when they urgently needed to.

The fuller their bladders were, the more urgently they needed to go, the more he liked it and the more he was getting aroused.

From time to time he held feasts for him and for his like minded sadistic friends.

It began with a dinner and afterwards they moved to a saloon with sofas and couches, where they drank wine, listened music and watched dance performances.

The ruler had many servants and maids and for this special evening, he always chose his special ones.

Those whom he particularly liked and whom he especially liked to torment.

He also loved to add new girls and boys to see how they would handle this situation, especially their full bladders.

Some of them served first dinner and then drinks in the saloon, others had simply stand around , they just had to be pretty and had to show off their beautiful nearly naked bodies for the men’s pleasure.

As well girls as boys wore short skirts and nothing underneath.

For their sadistic pleasure, it was also important that they had full bladders and urgently needed to urinate at evening.

For that reason, they were not allowed to go to the toilet in the mornings on those days and they wouldn’t be allowed urinate at all during the day.

By the evening, they were already in desperate need and could barely conceal their agonizing urge.

They were used to having to go urgently because they were never allowed to go when they needed to, but only when they were given permission and that could sometimes take a very long time.

They were trained to hold their urine for a long time and to control their bladders, but these evenings were pure torture for them.

At night they hadn’t urinated for almost 24 hours, they had to go so urgently that they could hardly endure it anymore.

Their bladders were full to burst and were visible bulging out of their slim, young bellies.

That was exactly what the sadistic men wanted to see.

They found it so arousing and exciting that the poor servants had not urinated since the evening before.

To see how they hade to force their bladders to expand and to stretch to such an unnatural size and to imagining how urgently they must have needed to urinate, further intensified their sadism.

For their lust and their pleasure, they couldn’t have to suffer bad enough.

They kept wondering how long the poor creatures would be able to endure it and to stand it.

They loved to see how the girls and boys, all only between 18 and 20 years old, stood with their bare legs tightly crossed.

They loved to see how their thighs violently squeezed together, how they rubbed their knees and that they could barely stand straight and upright anymore from needing to pee so bad and how they clenched their hands to fists from the effort of holding in their urine back since last evening.

They weren’t allowed to pee, they HAD to be able to hold it in, no matter how badly they needed to go, but sometimes all the strength and willpower weren’t enough to withstand the pressure in the bladder and it happened that a few drops of hot urine was running down on the bare skin of the tight crossed, naked legs of a girl, or of a boy.

Some of the men would have liked to see that one of the girls had pissed herself, but she would have been severely punished for indiscipline and disobedience.

Of course the men could beckon their favorite girl or favorite boy onto the couch for enjoy himself.

He could touch the girl whenever and wherever he wants.

They loved to reach under the girl’s short skirt to “play” with her slit between her thighs, which she had to pitch tightly to hold back her urine, what wanted to come out so urgently and badly.

Some men loved to stick their fingers deep inside the girls and other loved to squeeze and torment the girl’s overfilled bladder. They wanted to feel how full, how big and how hard the bladder in her stomach was and massaged it and squeezed it so hard and strongly until the poor girl whimpered and whined from her urge to pee.

Late at evening, the girls had not urinated for 24 hours already, they had to piss so badly, but they were not allowed to and instead they had to endure having their bladders tortured and tormented.

The ruler loved this too, but he also loved watching the dancers. There were three girls who moved and danced in the rhythm of the music.

They were almost naked, with only a small piece of fabric covering their slits.

They wore chains around their necks and colorful ribbons on their arms and on their legs.

Their bellies were naked and filled with big bladders which were about to explode and bulged visibly out from their abdomen.

The ruler and as well the other sadistic men loved to see this swollen, naked bellies and the contours of the bladders.

The girls needed to urinate so badly that every movement hurts them, yet they had to dance and to smile while doing so.

Even though their bladders in their bellies were about to burst, was that not enough for the ruler, he wanted more, more torture for their bladders, he took one dance girl after another to him and made her drink.

They had not urinated for more than 24 hours, but nothing was allowed to escape from their slits, their piss holes had to stay closed. The dance girls had to hold it back no matter how urgent it became.

They had to hop, to jump and contort their bodies to dance rhythms.

When they stretched their arms upward during their dance moves, their abdominal muscles pressed additional from outside against their bulging bladders and when they had to hop or to jump, their bladders felt as a heavy cannonball in their bellies.

Their urge was so strong and intense that as well their facial expression as their dance moves were marked and driven by their overwhelming need to piss.

Tha’s exactly what delighted the men.

”The girls dance so well and so erotically when they are forbidden to let their water out.” Said the ruler.

”I could watch them all night long.” replied another man and had his hand between the thighs of one of the girls, his finger deep inside her and massaged her full bladder with his palm.

He loved the feeling how the girl crossed her bare thighs over his hand and squeezed his hand between them so hard until she was shaking.

