Together in Times Of Desperation (book 2 of Sarah and Will) - Page 5

*102*2020-10-18 19:08

{{6 hours ago, Holdon said:

Am curious to know, does Will use mouthwash after oral with Sarah?

}}

Now that is something only Will himself could answer

*103*2020-10-19 10:52

Chapter 39:

Will woke at his usual time, his mind and body programmed after years of having to wake for work. His arm rested over Sarah’s waist as she snored lightly, still sleeping soundly. He longed to stroke her hair, touch her, kiss her even, but recalling the adventures they had shared through the night he chose instead to allow his princess the rest her body and mind both needed. Instead he quietly climbed out of bed, used the bathroom nearby, smiling as he stood on a damp towel and seeing two pairs of discarded knickers and his own wet boxers, then went downstairs naked hoping to get himself some much needed coffee, almost tripping over his discarded shoes at the bottom of the stairs in the process.

Will still wasn’t used to Sarah’s kitchen set up as he thought how he would love to reorganise where she kept things to make it, in his mind, more logical. He smiled seeing one lone box of caramel macchiato knowing Sarah must have clearly bought it just for him. How he loved that lady so much as he opted for a simple, but greatly needed, instant coffee. He got two mugs from the mug rack, opened the sugar jar and coffee jar and put a tea bag in a mug for Sarah before opening Sarah’s fridge for milk.

‘Oh. No milk. Think Will. What do you do now?’

It took Will a moment to think. He made sure he never ran out of milk, or food, or anything else for that matter. He never went to shops in person, doing everything online for so many reasons. The internet was what allowed him to cope in life but, now faced with wanting milk right away, he realised there might actually be times when online shopping wasn’t as convenient as he realised. Replaying the route to Sarah’s from his apartment in his mind he tried to picture if there were any shops nearby. 

Closing his eyes he visualised the full 7 minute route finally concluding that at the last roundabout he’d seen a sign for a Lidl. It looked like a small supermarket and he’d seen adverts for the store on billboards and TV but he’d definitely never been in one. But he needed coffee and that required milk, and more than that he couldn’t even find any bread and Sarah’s fridge only had remnants of some fresh orange juice, some lemonade and one egg. If he wanted coffee, or breakfast, he had little choice.

Heading upstairs as quietly as he could Will slipped on his slacks from the day before feeling them rough against his crotch without underwear. In the darkness of the room he felt for his t-shirt and pulled that on too, hoping it was the right way round. Coming back downstairs he looked for his jacket but couldn’t see it anywhere. He assumed he hadn’t brought one. Thankfully Sarah’s house keys were in the front door where she had unlocked it to let him in last night and his own car keys were in his trouser’s pocket. As quietly as possible Will sneaked out and headed the few minutes to Lidl, anxious about what it would be like but excited to experience a supermarket in person for the first time in as long as he could remember.

Turning into the car park Will was pleasantly surprised to see it appeared quiet. He parked easily and walked in to the foyer, immediately surprised at how open and peaceful the store appeared. The first thing he saw was a stand of fresh flowers and Will immediately stood examining and smelling some before choosing the freshest and biggest bunch for Sarah. Stepping inside the automatic door he lifted a basket, quite taken by its size and weight, placed the flowers in, and walking a little further, his stomach drew him to the delicious smell of freshly made bread.

Will stopped at the fresh bakery amazed at the array of products displayed in front of him. He looked at the basket in his hand and then back at the croissants, fresh bread and rolls and wondered how hygienic it would be to put some loose in the dirty basket. He looked around and saw brown bags and smiled. Picking some bags he chose a plain croissant, a maple and pecan plait, a pain aux raisin, and a blueberry muffin and placed the bags in the basket. He found milk easily and picked up some more essentials for Sarah. The basket was getting heavier and Will stared at another customer as they walked past wheeling the same basket. How has he not noticed it had wheels? He put the basket down and felt so proud of himself for finally braving a store in person. Looking round for the checkout he headed back towards the door and was relieved to see there wasn’t a queue. He loaded the contents on the belt and pulled his wallet from his back pocket.

‘That’s £11.43 sir’

Will pulled his bank card out from his wallet and began reading the long card number out. He hadn’t even got to the fifth number when the checkout assistant interrupted him.

‘Sir please just swipe your card over the reader.’

‘But what about the expiry date and the number on the back? Don’t you need all that?’

‘No sir. Just rest your card over the top. That’s all we need. Thank you. Would you like a receipt?’

Will held his card over the reader amazed when ‘card accepted’ displayed quickly.

‘Emmmm yes please. And may I have a bag please too?’

‘You get those under the counter there Sir.’

Will anxiously picked up a bag and started filling it with his shopping.

‘That’s 45p please sir.’

Will could feel himself getting dizzy and warm with anxiety. He hadn’t even thought the bag would cost as he handed the cashier a £5 note.

He grabbed his change and drove back to Sarah’s, needing that cup of coffee more than ever before.

*104*2020-10-20 10:24

Chapter 40:

Will pushed Sarah’s front door open and carried the shopping into the kitchen, putting everything where he thought it should go and leaving a packet of toilet rolls he had bought on the worktop to carry upstairs with the tea and coffee. Reboiling the kettle he made himself a coffee and a tea for Sarah and then looked for a plate to carry the bakery goods upstairs. All he could find was a dinner plate but he decided that would do. Will then looked at the two hot drinks, the plate of breakfast foods and the packet of toilet rolls as he tried to work out how to get them all upstairs in one go. Unable to think of a way he took the hot drinks up first and sat them on the bedside cabinet before going back downstairs for breakfast and the toilet rolls. Sarah appeared to still be asleep as he dropped the toilet rolls into the bathroom and continued along to the bedroom with the food.

Sitting the plate beside the drinks Will sat on the bed, leaning over to stroke Sarah’s hair and kissing her on the forehead.

‘Good morning beautiful!’

Sarah stirred to the magical and soothing touch and voice of Will, smiling as she saw him sat on the bed beside her.

‘Morning Will.’

Suddenly remembering the flowers Will ran back out the room glancing back briefly at Sarah as he smiled and called back.

‘I forgot I have something for you Sarah. I’ll be right back!’

Looking around the now light room Sarah tried to work out why she could smell coffee. Sitting up and pulling the duvet up around herself to cover her naked body her eyes lit up as she saw the muffin, croissant and pastries and the two mugs. What was Will up to and where had he got breakfast from? Sarah couldn’t wait for him to return as she rubbed her eyes and reached over picking up the tea she guessed was hers.

Will raced up the stairs with the flowers and stood at the door watching Sarah as she sipped her tea. She looked so perfect, so beautiful, so sexy, as she pulled the duvet up to cover her breasts as she sat the mug on her bedside table.

‘I bought you these Sarah. If you don’t like them I kept the receipt.’

Sarah laughed as she instinctively climbed over the duvet, forgetting the fact she was naked, and threw herself into Will’s arms and kissed him. She had no idea how he’d managed to get flowers at this time in the morning but right now all she wanted was to let him know how wonderful he was.

Will was almost knocked over as Sarah threw herself naked into his arms, his hands still holding the flowers as his lips locked with Sarah’s. He’d go in person to Lidl every single day if this was how she reacted! Finally he pulled back and looked at his gorgeous girlfriend.

‘You didn’t have any milk so I went to Lidl’

‘You went where Will?’

‘That shop by the roundabout. The little supermarket. You just take a right at the roundabout and it sits just on that road. I hadn’t been before but it was lovely. No loud music that I hate, no cramped aisles, well signposted...and they had some amazing pastries...I bought a few different things because I wasn’t sure what you liked. Oh but make sure you remember that they charge for bags. I didn’t know that.’

‘Will are you seriously telling me you went to a shop? In person?’

‘Yes. You needed milk but I got a few other things for you too. Fruit, bread, toilet rolls and pizza. Hope you didn’t mind?’

‘God I am so proud of you Will. Oh and welcome to Lidl...you’re not the first to go in for milk and leave with a full bag of stuff. Everyone does that! In fact you’re lucky you never left with a new tartan shirt, climbing boots and a lawnmower!’

Will looked at Sarah strangely.

‘Well I never saw any of that but it’s a pity they didn’t have men’s boxers eh!’

Sarah laughed as she climbed back under the duvet and drank some more tea.

‘So what did you buy for breakfast from your new favourite shop then Will?’

Will sat on the bed and slipped his shoes off before lifting his legs on top of the duvet and offering Sarah the plate.

‘Well madam. This morning we have a fresh selection consisting of blueberry muffin, a plain croissant, a maple and pecan plait, and a pain aux raisin. Do help yourself

*105*2020-10-21 08:40

Chapter 41:

‘I still can’t believe you bought these Will. I haven’t had such a lovely breakfast in years!’

Will leaned forwards and pulling his wallet out of his back pocket, he pulled out the receipt and looked at it.

‘Well it was really great value for money Sarah. The plain croissant was just 37 pence, the maple and pecan plait just 49 pence, the pain aux raisin the same and that blueberry muffin just 59 pence. I couldn’t believe it. You know I might change my online shopping to there if they have the other stuff I buy.’

Sarah finished the pain aux raisin and drank the last of her tea before replying to Will.

‘Unfortunately they don’t do online shopping Will. But now you have been inside you know you can go again. You are a changed man Will Highland. You do know that? And geez you make amazing tea!’

‘Would you like another cup?’

‘That would be lovely! Thank you Will.’

Will was on a high. From the incredible middle of the night oral sex with his lady, to finally going into a shop in person, to Sarah’s reaction to the flowers, he felt like life was simply perfect. He made Sarah a second mug of tea and took it upstairs, beaming from ear to ear.

‘One tea for my beautiful lady!’

The pain aux raisin had been so delicious Sarah couldn’t help but pick up the blueberry muffin and bite it. She was hungry and the sweet moist muffin was so perfect yet something she had never ever thought to buy herself. But it did make her thirsty and she was delighted when Will returned with more tea.

‘Thank you! You are like my knight in shining armour Will!’

‘Or your knight in pissed in underwear? Do you mind if I wash them by the way? My boxers? It feels quite weird and chilly without underwear on.’

‘Oh goodness! Of course! I’ll be right back!’

Sarah jumped out of bed leaving the muffin wrapper on her beside table by her second mug of tea, picked up the towel and damp clothes from the bathroom floor and rushed downstairs to put on the washing machine. Scooping some washing powder into the drawer and pouring in some fabric softener Sarah curtsied as she pressed to start the machine, suddenly very conscious that she hadn’t done a pee yet. Racing back upstairs naked she headed back to the bathroom, but was stopped by Will who grabbed her lovingly, held her close and kissed her deeply.

As keen as she was to use the toilet she had to admit that being held and kissed by Will had to be the most magical place to be ever, as long as she could pee very soon that was!

*106*2020-10-22 08:38

Chapter 42:

Still holding his naked beauty tight Will pulled back from the kiss but continued to hold Sarah close.

‘I just noticed your tea there Sarah. Sorry honey. I don’t want to have it get cold now.’

‘Actually Will I was just on my way to the bathroom first. I’ll be right back!’

Will wasn’t for letting Sarah go. Teasingly, but lovingly, he winked at his lover and joked.

‘What? You mean you had me go all the way downstairs to make you some more tea and now you are just going to waste it? I could get quite offended at that you know!’

Sarah giggled. She knew deep down that Will was playing but he also sort of had a point. She did very much want the mug of tea and had he not mentioned about the laundry she would still be sitting drinking it now.

‘Oh yes! You must excuse me Will. I shall go have my tea first. Of course sir. I wouldn’t want you to have wasted your time making it for me. That’s really not the sort of lady I am.’

‘Good. Good. Glad to hear it.’

Will smiled before letting Sarah go but guiding her back into the bedroom.

Now sat naked on the side of her own bed Sarah smiled to herself as she glanced at her bedside clock and swallowed some tea. It might only be 9:30 but already the day, and night before, had been very adventurous and she couldn’t help feeling excited both by the fact Will was still there and the constant nagging from her bladder which always made her feel quite horny.

Will looked at Sarah as she sat crossed legged on the side of her bed drinking her tea. He thought about how hard he found holding his bladder first thing in the morning and wondered how it felt for his lady; his best friend. Moving over and sitting beside her he blurted out his thoughts.

‘Sarah, what does it feel like to have a full bladder? I mean I know what it’s like for a man but what does it feel like to a woman?’

Sarah giggled. Will was so blatant at times and without underwear on and wearing just a pair of loose slacks his erection was already rather obvious. Still there was no harm in indulging him more.

‘It kind of depends you know. Right now it’s like pressure, like a weight in my lower belly which gravity is pushing downwards. I have this sort of need to wriggle because the tip of my urethra sort of tickles with the pressure like a tingle that gets stronger and stronger. I can feel my urethra push downwards like a garden hose untangling ready to fire. That’s when I feel like I need to block the opening, wriggle, squirm, move, anything really, to prevent it opening and pouring out.’

As Will watched his beloved wriggle and bounce naked sitting on the side of the bed, all the while still drinking the tea he had made her, he couldn’t help but get closer to her and touch her. There was something truly beautiful about seeing her so full, so desperate, so bursting, and hearing her describe what her body was going through made him even more hungry for her.

Taking his palmed open hand and touching Sarah’s thighs he felt his face redden and his mouth dry.

‘May I?’

Sarah knew she could use all the help on offer as she raised her body and guided Will’s hand between her legs where his firm pressure was urgently required.

‘Yes please! I really do need to go sweetheart.’

As Sarah rocked firmly against Will’s hand he felt her throbbing urethra, her hard clitoris, and her swollen moist lips as he closed his eyes and treasured every sensation. He could never have enough of Sarah’s vagina, especially when it was so wet, warm and urgently wanting to piss.

‘You feel....God you feel amazing baby.’

‘I’ve just finished my tea now. Can I please pee now sir? It’s getting extremely difficult to hold back now’

‘I can tell. Mmmmm’

*109*2020-10-23 09:00

Chapter 43:

Sarah felt so incredibly full, her bladder hard and heavy as mild cramps came over her as she sat leaning forwards with her arms cradling her abdomen and Will’s hand hard against her vagina. As much as she often enjoyed having a full bladder there came a point sometimes when pain would cause her to stop. Remembering she was due her period soon she wondered if that might be the cause of the cramps and she was just about to say to Will that it was now painful and she really should go pee when something happened that made speaking up easier.

Leaning forwards as far as she could Sarah moaned as the cramps returned when she inadvertently broke wind from her bottom causing Will’s fingers to go warm with the hot air and some leaked wee as she turned red with embarrassment.

‘Oh God! I’m so sorry Will. I think I need more than a pee honey. My stomach hurts. I need to go!’

Feeling awful that Sarah was in pain and feeling mortified that she might need more than just to empty her bladder Will immediately removed his hand and stood back to allow Sarah to run to the bathroom. Bowel movements did nothing for him and he never ever wanted his princess to feel she couldn’t stop things at any time. He had way too much love and respect for Sarah to hurt her in any way. Feeling bad and worried if she was ok he headed towards the bathroom but stopped outside to give Sarah privacy even though she hadn’t closed the door.

‘Sorry Sarah. I hope you are ok?’

Sitting on the toilet Sarah felt huge relief from being able to relax and let her body dispose of all it needed. She still felt some mild cramps but she was used to that, especially with her cycle due. She’d had one period since meeting Will but he hadn’t known about it in any way and she hadn’t mentioned it as she had been working late two nights she bled and they hadn’t met up on the other two nights so it hadn’t been an issue. Now it looked like they might be with each other when it happened Sarah felt she should maybe bring it up. She’d just wait for an opportune moment during the day.

‘I’m fine Will. So much better now. Have you showered yet by the way? I know you went to Lidl but did you shower too?’

Standing outside the bathroom seeing Sarah’s feet on the floor as she sat on the toilet but unable to see the rest of her past the half open door Will thought it strange to be having such an easy conversation without seeing each other face to face. He breathed a sigh of relief knowing Sarah seemed ok and he made a mental note that her body rhythm probably meant they shouldn’t withhold their bladders first thing in the morning. His own body ran to a similar schedule so he hoped there would be a mutual understanding in that area.

‘No. I haven’t showered yet.’

Will could hear Sarah flushing the toilet, washing her hands, then drying them before she suddenly appeared in the doorway, and reaching both arms out she took both of Will’s hands and pulled him into the bathroom.

‘Fancy joining me in the shower Will?

Will never answered verbally but his clothes were off and his body in the shower beside Sarah in less than a minute.

*110*2020-10-24 09:46

Chapter 44:

Will had never washed anyone else’s hair in his life but rubbing his fingers through Sarah’s wet hair and massaging shampoo through it felt so wonderful. Add in the sensation of putting shower gel on a sponge and lathering it all over Sarah’s back, breasts and hips and he felt so protective, so loving, so fatherly even, towards his princess. As she in turn washed him he couldn’t help kissing her under the refreshing warm water as it cascaded over both their bodies. As they stepped out, Will taking Sarah’s hands to stop her slipping, Will preceded to dry Sarah, thoroughly enjoying gazing at her beautiful body as he worked his way from top to bottom gently and consistently.

Sarah was happy to be washed and dried, relishing the attention Will was giving her. Yet still it felt lovely to walk into her room alone and decide what to wear. Still getting niggling cramps and feeling bloated due to the time of the month she opted for a loose dress and cardigan, though as she had no plans to leave the house any time soon she left her legs bare deciding she’d put tights on later if she needed. Pulling the towel from her hair she started blow drying it as Will appeared at the door fully dressed.

‘Any idea how much longer the machine takes Sarah?’

Seeing Will’s mouth move but unable to hear him over the hair dryer Sarah switched it off and looked at him.

‘Sorry I couldn’t hear you over the dryer. What did you say?’

‘I was just wondering how long the washing machine had to go?’

Suddenly remembering Will had no clean underwear Sarah giggled before opening her own knickers drawer and tossing Will a pair of her own panties.

‘I put it on a quick wash but even that takes 35 minutes then they still need to dry. But you can borrow a pair of mine again if you like?’

Will blushed. He somehow guessed this would become a bit of an ongoing game between them but he was relaxed and happy enough to play along, today at least. He pulled down his slacks and stepped into Sarah’s panties and mockingly did a pose for Sarah.

‘What do you think? Do I suit pink polka dots?’

Sarah couldn’t help but laugh. Will was such a breath of fresh air in her life and he always, always made her smile.

‘Mmmm. I think it’s the style that’s not quite right? Hold on I think I have something much more you here...’

Sarah reached over and rummaged in the drawer laughing as she produced a thong she hadn’t worn in years. Throwing it over the bed to Will she carried on drying her hair before catching Will stepping out the dotted knickers and willingly trying on her thong. It barely covered anything and made both Will and herself laugh. Will posed and did a twirl.

‘Well this will have to do for know I guess.’

And at that he stepped into his slacks and pulled them on winking at his lady who giggled like a little girl whilst brushing her hair.

*111*2020-10-25 09:50

Chapter 45:

‘So my princess do you have any plans for today?’

Standing and looking in the mirror as she tied her hair back with a bobble Sarah suddenly remembered about her appointment with the bank the following day. She sighed, not wanting to disappoint Will but equally feeling she couldn’t live in this bubble of no work, free time, holiday mode forever.

‘Sadly I really should do some work today. I postponed my twice weekly check in with my mentor on Monday as she knew I was off but I really ought to contact her and I have emails piling up that I haven’t read yet. I might not be meeting any clients this week but with it being my own business unfortunately I can’t just ignore everything, even though I would like to.’

Sarah turned and looked at Will, expecting him to be crestfallen and disappointed. Instead he smiled back, having piled the three mugs from earlier on top of the dinner plate he had brought up and holding them as if he was a waiter. Despite his smile Sarah still felt terrible.

‘I’m sorry Will. You are welcome to stay if you want while I work.’

Sarah wasn’t sure why she had said that. She didn’t really want Will seeing the documents she intended to gather for the bank, nor was it appropriate for him to be in view of any of her work emails, let alone hear the call she made to her mentor, even though she trusted him. Data protection breaches were taken very seriously in her role but now she had said it she couldn’t really go back on her word.

‘If you don’t mind Sarah I was hoping to head back to mine. It still feels weird not being at work in person but I too would like to check in on a few things in that department and I would love a good run.’

‘Run?’

‘On my treadmill. I run 10k twice a week as well as using the rowing machine, lifting weights and cycling. Sitting on a seat all day I feel I need to work out more than some but I hate the gym so I just have the equipment in my spare room.’

Pausing Will had a sudden afterthought.

‘You know you are welcome to use any of my equipment anytime you want Sarah.’

‘That’s very kind of you Will but I could never compete with you. How about you go work out and I’ll do some work and maybe we can meet up later? What do you think?’

‘Yesterday I hated eating alone Sarah. I should have invited you over and I felt awful. So how about I cook tonight for us? How does home made pizza sound? That’s my usual Wednesday tea because I often have tomatoes, cheese and other stuff left over from pasta night on Tuesdays. 6:30 ok? By the time I get home from work, have a long piss and shower I usually have food about then.’

‘Perfect. I’ll come over then. Oh and Will, thank you for everything. Breakfast was delicious. I do love you very much you know.’

‘I’ll take these downstairs and wash up then I’ll see you at 6:30. Don’t forget to put your flowers in water now. It said on the sticker they are guaranteed to last seven days. They were great value for money you know!’

Sarah smiled. Will might be a changed man being able to conquer going into a supermarket in person but his social etiquette still needed a little work to say the least. She was just about to tell him that it wasn’t really the accepted thing to give a gift then say it was great value for money but by the time she had went to speak Will was heading downstairs with the breakfast dishes.

Sarah shook her head. There sure wasn’t anyone quite like her Will.

*112*2020-10-26 10:01

Chapter 46:

Back home Will changed into workout gear, filled a litre bottle with cold water and headed to his home gym. He plugged his headphone into the treadmill and began walking, then running along to the music, building up a sweat quicker than usual having not had as much sleep and having not exercised since the weekend. Keeping hydrated throughout he lost himself in exercise, happy and content thinking of Sarah and looking forward to seeing her again later.

Once Will left Sarah made herself a drink, smiling as she saw more food in her fridge than there had been for a while. Seeing every item sat perfectly straight, eggs out of their box and lined up in the door storage and everything in perfect order she knew instantly that it had Will’s hallmark all over it. Despite not long having had breakfast she made herself a sandwich with the bread Will had also bought and sat down at the kitchen table with her drink, food and laptop. Just as she sat down she remembered that there was wet laundry in the washing machine so she hung up the washing over radiators around the house, including Will’s boxer shorts, which brought back great memories from the night before. She was confident they would be dry to take over tonight as she hung them on the hall radiator then popped into the spare room to turn on the printer.

Back in the kitchen, having eaten the sandwich and printed all she needed for the bank the following day, Sarah picked up the house phone and dialled her mentor. Her own mental health had always been strong but working as a practicing counsellor she had to ‘check in’ regularly with a mentor as part of the governing body regulations. Sarah had a great relationship with Tanisha and they laughed and spoke for almost an hour. Sarah was radiant as she happily disclosed how she had met someone, finally, and that things were going well, how she had had some work done on her house and, that although a few things in life were not perfect, on the whole things were well and she felt good. Tanisha asked about her mum and Sarah promised to keep her updated on any news. The call ended and Sarah set about ploughing through her backlog of emails before it was time to head to Will’s.

Refilling her glass with more juice Sarah scanned through her inbox at referrals, invoices, company updates, spam and a few subscriptions that stood out. One really caught her eye and she clicked to open up the email further. It was a link to this months ‘Phycology Today’, a magazine she had gained so much from as a student that she had continued subscribing to ever since. She used to have a copy delivered but in recent years it had all been online only but Sarah still tried to make the time every month to read it. Having dealt with the emails that couldn’t wait until Monday she lifted her laptop and drink and took them through to the lounge to read through this months articles.

The first article on how to put clients at ease was good but the second one really peaked Sarah’s interest. Titled: Anxiety, OCD, Social difficulties or Autism spectrum: diagnosing and distinguishing between them for today’s phycologists. Sarah pulled a cushion behind her as she sat sideways on her couch, her knees bend and her laptop resting on them as she put her bare feet flat on the couch. Sipping at her juice as she read she engrossed herself in every word, reading and rereading paragraphs again and again.

None of the information was new yet it seemed to jump right at her as she read over and over the distinguishing criteria for each diagnosis. Her mind flashed so often to Will, from the time she first met him in her office, to his social bluntness at times, his absolute need for routine, his little rituals that had seemed so cute at first but suddenly now seemed much deeper, his attention to detail, his love of order, the times he had said things that hurt her and he didn’t seem to realise, even his extreme fear and inability to urinate anywhere exempt his own home. It all started to make sense as she kicked herself for not even remembering that Will’s own doctor had queried possible ASD when he was first referred to her less than two months ago. Having refused to counsel Will after their first session due to their mutual sexual attraction she must have somehow filed his difficulties away in her head in favour of his sexual prowess and the intensity of their ensuing relationship.

Now it was like the pieces of the jigsaw were suddenly coming together and there was no way she could not see the bigger picture. She was sure she was in love with an autistic man but he wasn’t even aware of his own neurology. The question now was should she mention it to him or not?

*113*2020-10-27 10:00

Are people still enjoying this? I have the rest of the book written and happy to post but wasn’t sure if people have lost interest now?

*115*2020-10-27 12:10

Chapter 47:

Sarah rested her empty glass on the coffee table, closed down her laptop and gave her kitchen a quick tidy. Looking at the pile of papers for her meeting with the bank the following morning she wondered whether to take them with her to Will’s or not. It wasn’t something she wanted Will to know about but she equally she didn’t want to be rushing back for them in the morning if she stayed over. Will had only invited her for dinner but history proved, this week especially, that they rarely spent their nights alone now. Thinking it might be a real possibility Sarah decided to plan ahead. Going upstairs she packed a backpack with a blouse, tights, clean underwear, a pencil suit skirt and some make up. Tossing her brush in the bag she slipped the papers on top, put on the suit jacket to match the skirt over her dress, slipped on tights and her heeled court shoes, then grabbed her phone, charger and her coat and headed out the door to drive to Will’s.

Will had worked out for longer than he realised, becoming addicted to the endorphin high that exercise gave him. By the time he finished and wound down he’d emptied the full litre bottle of water and sweated out a fair bit of it too. He had a much needed shower, then chose his favourite smart but comfortable grey trousers and a pink short sleeved checkered shirt. Trimming his beard and drying his hair he then walked down the hall to the open plan kitchen and lounge. He felt happier than he had in years as he gathered together some flour, yeast, salt, caster sugar and olive oil ready to make the pizza dough. He’d only ever made pizza for himself but he looked forward for once to making a second one for his very special friend. With the dough resting Will tried to think how to make the meal more special. It was out of his comfort zone but he really wanted to make an extra effort for his princess as she deserved the world, not just home made pizza and side salad.

Finally finding some candles he kept in case of a power cut and moving a small artificial plant onto the table too as a centrepiece he was satisfied that all was ready for his princess. He’d wait for her arrival before putting any toppings on and cooking the pizzas as he nervously made sure everything was tidy, straight and clean, fluffing up cushions and wiping down surfaces as minutes passed by slowly.

As Sarah pulled into the car park she wondered about taking her back pack in with her. Would Will think her presumptuous with fresh clothes for tomorrow or would he be excited she was better prepared than normal? Still with so much of what she had read earlier swirling through her mind she realised that while Will was extremely predictable in many ways he was also an unknown quantity in others. As she stepped out the car she felt her stomach ache a little, putting it down to a combination of nerves and hunger. She buzzed number 14 and heard the door click open quickly. With her bag over one shoulder and using her other to hold the banister she took the stairs to the first floor and was about to push the front door open when Will opened it.

‘Good evening mam! How great to see you again!’

Sarah dropped the bag to the floor as she fell into Will’s arms and kissed him. Gone were any thoughts of autism or financial worries or anything else as her tongue tickled Will’s and their arms embraced each other.

Will pulled away first, taking Sarah by the hand and leading her to the kitchen. The lights had been dimmed and the candles lit and Sarah felt quite emotional seeing the effort Will had gone to just for her.

‘This is beautiful Will.’

Will clicked a button to turn on music and Sarah felt her eyes well up as classical background love songs played as Will rolled out the pizza dough and swirled tomato paste on top then sprinkled grated mozzarella cheese over them.

‘Would madam prefer ham, mushroom, chicken, onion, peppers, pepperoni, or sliced tomatoes...or any combination?’

‘Wow. Mmmm. Maybe chicken and mushroom?’

‘Of course. Perfect choice for the perfect lady.’

As Sarah watched Will make the pizzas she thought about slipping to his bathroom but she didn’t want to look rude. She wasn’t desperate but she could feel her bladder ache slightly as she realised she hadn’t thought to go before leaving home. Seeing how Will had made such a huge effort to light candles, sort music and prepared food she decided she could wait for a while yet. She should have gone before leaving home and she cursed herself for not doing so. She’d been so distracted packing a bag just in case that it hadn’t even occurred to her to visit the bathroom. Instead she watched Will, enjoying seeing the little wiggle of his bottom as he put the toppings on and bend down to put the pizzas in the oven.

Wether Will was autistic or not didn’t matter right now. What mattered was he was damn sexy and incredibly romantic and those she could diagnose herself very confidently.

*119*2020-10-28 09:20

{{5 hours ago, FullBladder85 said:

I've never posted in here before, but I definitely have to after reading this in my notification feed.

I've been enjoying reading this series, and I'm glad that you're able to able to write new episodes so fast, I definitely appreciate you posting them. Please do continue posting more.

The big reason I've never commented here before is because I'm constantly like 10 to 15 parts behind because I don't have the time to read them all, but I'll definitely get to them eventually.

}}

Thank you also much. Your comment means so much to me.

*120*2020-10-28 09:35

Chapter 48:

It wasn’t until Will put the pizzas in the oven and prepared the fresh salad that he realised he hadn’t been to the bathroom in hours. He subtly wiggled as he placed the chicken and mushrooms symmetrically on Sarah’s pizza and added pepperoni and red onion to his own. Turning his head to wink at Sarah he smiled as their eyes met.

‘So sorry! I forget about drinks. What do you fancy Sarah? I have tea, coffee, fresh orange, apple juice, water, or wine perhaps? And can I just say you look absolutely exquisite tonight Sarah. That suit jacket matches your eyes perfectly.’

‘As do you sir. You suit grey and pink much more than I ever thought you would. And may I add you smell wonderful too....if you don’t mind me saying so.’

Will smiled. This was the extend of his script that he’d been practicing, changing only what Sarah wore and now not sure what to say back, then realising it was because he had the cupboard open for glasses but still didn’t know what Sarah wanted to drink. Standing staring at the cupboard as if it would answer the question he’d asked Sarah, he froze, unable to process what to do since he had already asked Sarah a question and he still hadn’t received an answer.

For a split second Sarah had been distracted as her bladder sent a crude reminder that it did indeed require to be emptied. Crossing her legs and trying to remain unnoticed she hadn’t even seen that Will had paused waiting for her as she slipped one shoe off under the table and rubbed her leg with her foot to try and distract from her bladder. After an awkward pause she finally looked up again.

‘Oh sorry Will! Emmmm I don’t usually drink but since you have went to such an effort I will have a glass of wine please. Thank you.’

Finally Will could think and act as he chose two wine glasses, opened the bottle and poured out a generous glass for them both. Like Sarah he didn’t drink much alcohol either but did sometimes have a glass of wine or some beers at the weekends. He was glad to have ordered a bottle of red with his online delivery last week as he passed Sarah a glass and sat his own opposite her. Sitting down he took a sip as he gazed at the wonder that was his girlfriend. The shine from her hair, the way her cheeks rose when she smiled, the mesmerising colour of her eyes, all fascinated and drew him in like a fish was drawn to bait. There was nothing he wouldn’t do for Sarah and even the jolt from his bladder wouldn’t dare to draw him away from his favourite woman right now. He reached out for Sarah’s hand and placing it on the table, he slowly and tenderly stroked the back of each finger in turn as they sat in silence.

It was Sarah who spoke first, as was often the case.

‘So how was your work out? Did you achieve what you had planned?’

‘Oh it was great. Really great. I always feel...uplifted? Motivated? Refreshed? Excited? I’m not sure which one is best but I always feel much better after a good work out. I set myself personal targets and I don’t stop until I reach them. Having the right music helps so much too. Though I don’t sing along if you are wondering. I can’t sing and cycle or sing and run at the same time. They just don’t really go together for me if you know what I mean?’

‘I know what you mean. Single focussed has its advantages though.’

‘Yes. I guess I do that a lot with stuff but it’s how I work best. I don’t do multitasking. It’s stressful trying to focus on more than one thing I find. So how was your afternoon? Did you get what you wanted done for work?’

‘I had a lovely afternoon thanks Will. I caught up with everything I needed to and even got to read some really interesting articles. I need to keep researching in my job. People think I just sit all day and talk but it’s nothing like that at all. There’s so much more to therapy than just sitting drinking tea and chatting. And with it being my own business there’s a lot of administrative stuff too. But you can’t beat the job satisfaction of helping people. There isn’t a price you can put on something like that.’

Will felt lost in the beauty of Sarah as he recalled so many of their adventures together and the day he first heard her say his name. Her voice still drew him in and encapsulated him, even more so the closer they were to each other. As he continued stroking the back of Sarah’s hand with his own he whispered softly across the table.

‘You help me so much my darling. In more ways than I even knew I needed help.’

‘And you help me too Will. By the way you haven’t forgotten the pizzas have you?’

‘Oh God! Ahhh I told you I can’t multitask didn’t I?’

Sarah giggled. She want going to mention that she was multitasking that very second herself as she crossed one leg over the other in the opposite direction to help hold her bladder until her meal was finished. Sipping at her wine she knew that once dinner was over she’d most definitely need to slip to Will’s bathroom. Even she could only multitask so much, especially when one of those tasks was preventing herself from having an accident.

*122*2020-10-29 09:31

Chapter 49:

Sarah had never tasted a pizza quite as delicious as the one in front of her. The salad was refreshing too and the wine perfect, but what was the piece de resistance was the distinguished man right in front of her eyes. His smell, his charm, his very breath, was making her lust for him in a way she had never experienced before despite longing so often for him. The sparkle in his eyes, the alluring way he looked at her, his mannerisms and body language, all screamed sex appeal and as she bit her pizza Sarah could feel sparks in her body, increasing at pace in line with the pulsations from her own bladder. The combination of sexual desire and need to urinate were taking her to the edge as she felt her heart rate increase, adrenaline soar through her body and her core temperature increase in anticipation.

Will couldn’t quite understand what was going on. His stomach was digesting a simple pizza yet his heart and body felt on fire, about to explode with longing and passion, as just feeling Sarah’s breath made him long to be inside her. Of course he found Sarah attractive, how could anyone not, but tonight she seemed even more appealing, alluring and incredibly sexy. At first he thought his penis was responding simple to her body, craving the intimacy they had experienced so often since dating. 

But as his penis grew, filling with warm blood and desire, he also felt a stirring he was all too familiar with daily too. Was his full bladder somehow increasing his urgent desire and need for Sarah? Being desperate to piss had sometimes turned him on before, but this was a new level, a new experience and a new urgency for both urinating and sex that he couldn’t quite fully grasp. He just knew that before the end of the night he had to have Sarah, but he also quite urgently would need to use the bathroom too.

Sarah felt her cheeks flush and knew it was much more than the small amount of alcohol in the wine. Feeling warm she slipped off her suit jacket as Will’s eyes twinkled and stared at her breasts. It wasn’t like she had the largest chest at all but the cut of the loose dress was flattering and Sarah looked down and saw that the material and style did show her cleavage off better than she had realised. Besides her breasts felt somehow more enlarged, sensitive and tingling, so maybe Will could somehow see that even through her dress and bra? Instinctively Sarah touched her breasts as Will’s eyes remained firmly on them.

‘Mmmm. You have no idea how I wish it was me touching you like that?’

Sarah looked up at Will and winked, wriggling on the chair as her bladder annoyed her more.

‘They just feel tingly and needed touched.’

‘Sarah, if any of your body ever needs touched because it’s tingling you do know you only need to tell me. I am sure the feelings would ease quicker and feel much better if it was someone else’s hands touching them, don’t you?’

Sarah licked her lips with her tongue, not deliberately provocatively but taken to mean that by Will none the less.

‘Oh I will Will. I definitely will. But what about you? Will you tell me if any of your body parts are tingling and need massaged, or stroked or touched? Are you ok there? You seem very restless and warm?’

Will did feel warm. He felt like his whole body was on fire and true enough he was also extremely restless as his erect penis was demanding attention and screaming for release, not just from his grey trouser’s fly but also to release the contents of his now extremely full bladder.

Despite having just rubbed her breasts Sarah could feel her nipples screaming for human touch again. In addition to her nipples her vagina tingled and beat and pushed, craving pressure and release. Caught up with the ever increasing demands of her body, and losing some of her reserve due to the wine, Sarah could feel the euphoric sensation caused by the endorphins released in her body and the intensity of pressure between her legs as she slid a hand under the table and rubbed between her legs, smiling and winking at Will as she subtly rocked on the chair.

It was like the table and meal were vanishing in front of Will’s very eyes and he could sense immediately what Sarah was doing under the table. He wanted, actually needed, to touch where her own hand was touching, to go even further and penetrate her, devour her, love on her. The sexual suspense was driving him crazy but simultaneously the lust in the air was the most wonderful foreplay that he never wanted to end. The problem was if things didn’t progress quickly he risked leaking and flooding in his clothes, in more ways than one.

Feeling precum surge through his erection, and praying urine didn’t immediately follow, he grabbed his penis through his trousers and moaned in longing.

*123*2020-10-30 10:08

Chapter 50:

‘Would you like some more wine Sarah?’ Will just about managed to mutter, his hand still tightly clutching his erection through his trousers and feeling the damp patch from the precum.

‘Emmm. Yes please. But may I, do you mind, woukd it be ok if...’

Sarah couldn’t finish her sentence as both her hands clutched her crotch under the table as she moaned and pressed and tensed.

‘I just really need...’

Will stood at the kitchen counter pouring wine into two wine glasses whilst pressing his erect and longing penis against the cupboard door in the hope it might just prevent it exploding.

Sarah slipped off the dining seat, one hand clutching at her dress with a handful of material in her fist as her hand remained wedged between her legs and her body was bent forward at the waist.

As she brushed past Will to hobble to the bathroom Will reached out with one hand, grabbing her lovingly towards him, kissing her passionately and deeply. The lust thick and heavy between them, Will removed his lips from Sarah’s and bend down, rubbing his hard member roughly before grabbing the bottom of Sarah’s dress and pulling it suddenly over her head. Overcome with a very urgent need to take her even though his bladder ached for release, he reached his hands behind her back and unclipped her bra, letting it drop to the floor before he bent down to grab both the dress and bra as he threw them towards the couch.

Sarah had to have Will. The desire for him was only equal in intensity to that of her need to pee, but standing in just her tights and knickers she had never felt more alive or sexier than she did right now. Bouncing from foot to foot to prevent her bladder bursting she grabbed at Will’s trousers and somehow managed to undo the button and fly and pull them down.

Will felt his trousers drop as his hand immediately had to grab his throbbing erection as he felt he might explode with piss any second. Yet despite the urgent, strong, and powerful need to piss he absolutely needed to fuck Sarah with ever part of his being. Blinking to try and focus better he then grabbed at Sarah’s tights, loving the noise and sensation they made, and quickly pulled them down her silky and desirable legs. Sarah stepped out of them willingly but with a hand tightly between her legs.

‘Sarah, I need you’, Will panted as he pulled his own shirt over his head followed immediately by Sarah’s thong that he still had on.. Sarah dutifully copied, stepping out her underwear and tossing it over onto Will’s couch, the entire time dancing, squirming and holding herself in an obvious pee dance.

Will rubbed his own erection as he looked at Sarah in awe and lust. Even at the risk he might piss all over her, even inside her, or she might piss all over him whilst they made love, he couldn’t hold back. Grabbing Sarah under her arms he lifted her easily and gently onto the dining chair he had been sitting on as he opened her legs wide and stepped between them, Sarah’s legs wrapped around his upper thighs and his crotch in line with hers, both of them moaning and gasping with desire and urgency.

Sarah had never been lifted by a man and she assumed it would be terrifying but instead being lifted off the ground by Will was exhilarating and exciting. Wherever he was putting her as long as she could have him she wasn’t caring. And as long as she could piss. God she so needed to piss this second and she was barely holding back now.

Moaning, Sarah screamed, louder and more fiercely than she intended.

‘Will, I gotta pee honey. Really really badly.’

‘I know. So do I. I’m so desperate to go. But I can’t stop this. I need you so badly.’

‘I need you too Will. So much.’

