The Highborn Dilema

Author: Midd

*000*2023-04-03 19:22

Hi all, another random idea which popped into my head after playing crusader kings 3 of all things, please let me know if you enjoyed and if you want a continuation, I already have some ideas! Enjoy!

Lady Jane of the house of Wakeston stared up pensively at the keep in front of her. She had been invited by lord Jaleston as a potential wife of his eligible son, who stood to inherit the entire dukedom. She had never met either man however a potential match would help her family who had fallen on hard times as of late due to a recent famine.

Taking a moment herself to gather her wits after a long journey with no respite, she walked up the steps of the keel as gracefully as her tight fitting garments would allow, dressed as provocatively as society would allow in order to give her a potential rivals, of which she was sure there was some.

Jane made her way through the entryway, leaving her guards behind her. Now that she had crossed the entryway the laws of hospitality forbade any harm upon her.

A seneschal quickly met her and led her into a side chamber to await the arrival of his lordship. Jane fiddled with her blonde hair, tied neatly into a braid, her only outward sign of nervousness as she was led into the waiting chamber, where she was greeted with the sight of four other noble girls hovering in anticipation.

There was a girl dressed in a tight green dress showing her ample bosom, her flame red hair draped to draw your eyes downward. A slim brunette in a pale blue dress with freckles on her cheeks. Another brunette in a cream gown with her hair in a large bun and finally a second blonde in a tightly fitting yellow dress, allowing her breasts to jut out nicely.

Jane joined the group of girls, all giving off a restless and nervous energy, not helped by the fact that none spoke to each other.

The seneschal left only to return a mere five minutes later, decreeing that his lordship the duke is ready to receive his guests.

The five girls followed the man outward in a loose gaggle, through a series of corridors until they entered a somewhat darkened room. Jane found this odd as normally a duke should greet his guests in the main hall. However no sooner had the five girls entered were they set upon by masked men who grabbed them and held them tight.

The noble girls gasped and cried out but no help was forthcoming as more men stepped from the shadows and began cutting away at their clothing.

The girls cried out once more and squirmed in their captors grip, however they were held too tightly and before long the five girls stood shaking, naked before the entire room.

Jane felt her nipples harden involuntarily at the sudden cold with goosebumps spreading down her arms, a quick glance around revealed similar results on the other girls.

It was at this point a man stepped from the shadows of the room with a grin upon his lips.

“Welcome to my father’s hall, I am lord Jaleston the younger and you beautiful women will be my honoured guests while we negotiate with your families. This will take some time I’m afraid so in the meantime I will have you shown to your, new, quarters and have food and drink brought to you, we shall dine together later in the week. Please do try. To enjoy your time here.”

The dukes son said, finishing his speech with a longing look at each of the girls, who were blushing furiously after coming under such scrutiny.

At this point the duke’s son gave a nod and the girls were dragged, complaining out the door, along a corridor and up a long spiral staircase at the top of which was a large circular room with 5 beds inside.

The beds appeared quite comfortable with a few chairs placed around the room, though these lacked any cushions. There was a fire in the corner and a doorway through which Jane could see a balcony. The only hint that this was a prison was the barred windows and the lack of a handle on the inside of the door.

At this point the five nude girls were pushed inside and the door closed behind them. Sealing them inside their prison.

Jane and the other girls quickly moved to cover themselves to protect their modesty however a quick search of the room revealed nothing to use other than their hands.

With this done the five girls set about searching the room, finding nothing hidden away in cupboards (or any cupboards at all) . While a search of a balcony revealed that while they could use the balcony with relative privacy, there was no chance of climbing down due to the decorative grating placed on top of the balcony walls.

With this the five girls were forced to sit on their beds and chairs and wait, at which finally introductions began.

The flame haired girl was lady Alice, who had since given up protecting her breasts, merely keeping her legs crossed to hide her unshaven womanhood as she listened to the other girls speak somewhat distractedly.

The brunette with freckles was lady Hollie, who still sat with one hand covering her somewhat smaller breasts with another placed to cover her womanhood with her legs too crossed as she nervously babbled about rescue.

The other brunette was Penelope who laid on the bed, covering her breasts and womanhood but bearing her ample rear which wiggled from side to side absentmindedly as she talked.

The other blonde was Rhiannon who seemed extremely antsy, most likely due to her current state of confinement, she too made no effort of concealing her breasts however she kept her legs tightly pressed together to keep what remained of her modesty intact.

Finally Jane sat in a chair with her legs crossed, her shaven womanhood cooked by the air circulating the tower, while she didn’t actively attempt to conceal her bosom, she tried to allow her hand movements to naturally block them from view.

As they chatted Jane came to realise that all the girls came from families in a similar background to hers, making it unlikely that any of them could be ransomed any time soon, making the reason for their capture all the more baffling.

Conversation gradually petered out as all the simple topics were exhausted, leaving the five girls shooting stolen glances at the other’s forms and thinking about their current predicament.

Jane thought of her family, who would be horrified when they heard the news of her capture. However it would be some time before they became worried, it took time for messages to be sent back and forth, with Jane being able to travel from her home to the Duke’s castle in a full day only by not stopping. Jane was suddenly reminded of this by a tightness in her lower abdomen, as she realised that she had not yet passed her water today, only doing so when she awoke before sun up. There was no way for a highborn lady to relieve herself in a moving carriage, wearing the constricting costumes that noble women were forced to wear, meaning that Jane had been forced to endure, like she was used to. However this was longer than Jane usually waited to use the privy and her bladder was making that known by beginning to throb painfully. Jane crossed her legs more tightly.

Scanning the room, however, there was no obvious door to a privy, and in their search of the room none of the girls had revealed a chamber pot. Meaning that Jane would merely have to wait until they were let out to use the privy, after all it’s not like she could go in the same room as these girls anyway, her upbringing wouldn’t allow it. However as she looked at the girls once again, Jane began to realise that their stiff postures and crossed legs might not be due solely to the cold, and in fact all the girls locked in the tower might be facing the same predicament as her.

A lengthy period of time passed, Jane didn’t know exactly but she hazarded a guess at roughly two to three hours, the sun has sunk low in the sky, turning it a crimson red. Jane’s bladder was now a tight ball, jutting out from her stomach noticeably, causing Jane to keep her legs tightly crossed, along with shifting her weight in her chair every few minutes to ease her discomfort. While she wanted to do nothing more than squirm around openly and hold herself like a small child, she felt too shy to do so in front of so many other girls, even though it was clear they needed to relieve themselves as much as her.

Alice was rocking back and forth slowly, her legs tightly wound, both her hands kneading her thighs rhythmically, though she did this slowly as to avoid giving her predicament away too obviously.

Hollie was massaging her lower stomach, which sported a bulge similar to Jane, her legs bouncing up and down slightly as she kept glancing longingly towards the door of their shared cell.

Penelope’s rear was wiggling with much more vigour, her face a mask of discomfort and her legs now knotted as they jutted up behind her.

While Rhiannon’s legs were bouncing up and down quite violently as she alternated between keeping her legs pressed together and crossing them tightly, blushing as she did so.

None of the girls mentioned their need, nor did they mention the other girls’ clear need, as to do so would be unladylike.

The door to the cell suddenly sprang open, admitting two masked guards, once carrying a tray of bowels, while the other carried a tray of beakers.

Jane’s heart sank as she was handed a beaker of watered down wine and a bowel of a meaty stew, however at a stern glance from the guard, she began to consume her meal. The other girls also digging in with some reluctance. The guards merely stared at the naked girls as they ate their meals, before growling at the five as she timidly sipped at their wine beakers.

Jane reluctantly gulped down the wine, already feeling the extra liquid hitting her distended bladder. She contemplated asking for a chamber pot but didn’t want to embarrass herself in front of her fellow captives by showing weakness.

One of the guards collected up the bowels and beakers, having to reclaim the empty beakers somewhat forcefully from some of the girls, before leaving and locking the door once again. As the left Rhiannon let out a brief noise before blushing crimson and placing a hand on her stomach which also now sported a noticeable bulge.

With their captors once again gone the girls were once again forced into an uncomfortable wait.

Two further hours passed and at this point Jane’s need to relieve herself was becoming unbearable. She was now openly having to squirm in her seat to contain her waters, her breasts moving rhythmically from side to side as her hands rubbed her thighs, desperately wanting to cup her womanhood.

Alice was stood leaning against the sill of one of the windows, her legs tightly crossed as she bobbed up and down, one of her hands gently resting on top of her womanhood.

Hollie was stood next to her bed, squirming in place as she shifted from foot to foot, nervously muttering under her breath how much she needed a wee. Her hands bunched at her sides.

Penelope had now sat up in bed and was kneeling with both hands buried in her crotch as her breasts jiggled from desperation.

While poor Rhiannon appeared the most desperate, her whole body shaking as she held herself in her chair, rocking backwards and forwards.

Hollie suddenly ran towards to door and while dancing in place, franticly hammered on the wood and began begging to be taken to the privy.

The sound of Hollie’s begging made Jane’s own desperation worse and she quickly rose to her feet and made her way towards the balcony, quickly letting herself outside, hoping that the slight separation would make containing her waters that little bit easier.

As Jane leaned on the balcony, her bottom shifting from side to side as she squirmed she looked down into the courtyard below and saw a large gushing fountain spraying water into the air. The sight of so much running water caused her bulging bladder to contract suddenly and she felt a spurt of urine hit her thighs. Jane quickly held her mound with one hand and bobbed down, managing to contain her flood but she knew she couldn’t last much longer as she was, so she quickly made her way back inside.

Once inside she realised that her fellow captives weren’t fairing any better than her.

She could see small streams of pee snaking their way down the back of Hollie’s legs as she hammered on the cell door. While Rhiannon had now began blushing even more, merely shaking in her chair as she presumably began to void herself.

Alice was clutching at herself tightly, leaning away from the window with both hands holding her womanhood closed at this point. While Penelope had hastily climbed out of bed and was marching in place while holding herself, clearly not wanting to make a mess where she was going to sleep.

The poor girls could only last so much longer like this and unsurprisingly it was Rhiannon who lost the battle with her bodies’ needs first. With a choked sob the poor girl hung her head in shame as long spurts of urine jetted out into her hands, pooling Beneath her in the chair, before quickly dripping off the sides, the poor girl shuddered one last time in a vain effort to hold back the flood but it was inevitable at this point and with a sigh Rhiannon’s bladder gave up and she forcefully wet herself in her chair. Urine rushed out of her womanhood and splattered loudly onto the floor as she sagged from equal parts relief and shame.

The other four girls eyes Rhiannon with a mix of jealousy, disgust and pity, however they were about to join her as their own bladders began to give out.

Hollie was the next noble girl to soil herself. She had been slowly wetting herself for a few minutes with small spurts dampening her thighs, however these spurts grew larger and with the sound of Rhiannon’s accident Hollie shakily let out a moan and watched as her waters thundered out of herself and onto the floor, a waterfall pouring out from in between her legs, much of the puddle she was making going under the door of their jail cell, as Hollie stood there, quietly moaning in pure bliss.

A few minutes later Penelope lost her own battle with her bladder, she had been bobbing up and down, her crotch tightly held by both hands, however it appeared that some kind of internal limit had been reached, as with a strangled cry a thick stream burst from between her legs, pushing her hands out of the way and splattering to the floor.

Alic’s face was tightly screwed up, her eyes clamped shut, as if the noble girl was attempting to block out the sound of so much relief, however her heaving chest and shaking body gave away how truly desperate to pass her waters she really was and it was a mere two minutes before the poor girl joined her fellow prisoners in shamefully wetting herself as she sank down into a crouch, urine dripping through her fingers, with a shuddering moan the noble girl went as red as her hair as her bladder gave out, pouring onto the stone floor of the chamber as Alice sagged against the wall in relief.

This left Jane as the only noble girl still maintaining a wavering control over her bladder, however she could feel that control slipping, watching her fellow captives soil themselves had made her bladder protest violently and her hands which now cupped her womanhood tightly were damp from her own urine. Her bladder throbbed in time with her rapidly beating heartbeat, knowing that even if her captors let her go to the privy now she would not make it.

The thought of her impending accident made her weak at the knees and she sank into a crouch moaning from the effort of holding her waters inside her.

She felt her bladder contract and a thick spurt of urine shot out of her quivering mound and soaked her hands, dripping noisily to the floor to join the other various puddles around the room. With tears forming in her eyes, Jane felt her control begin to falter and then slip entirely, her tired bladder gave out entirely and she too finally began to wet herself.

Her bladder, finally getting its sweet relief, opened up its gates and urine poured out of her at an impressive rate. Jane kneeled, shaking from exertion in a pool of her own making as she forcefully wet herself, her waters splashing down the sides of her legs.

After a minute Jane’s stream gradually died off and the five weary girls were left standing or sitting in their own waters, naked and cold.

Night had fallen by this point and working together the noble girls figured out, after some time, how to make a rudimentary fire to dry themselves out, along with shrinking back the puddles of urine on the floor.

Having publicly disgraced themselves the girls were not so timid about the other captives seeing their bodies, however privately Jane worried about what would happen come morning once she needed to pass her waters once again. She was so embarrassed by what had just happened and the red faces of the other girls showed they felt the same. Clearly she couldn’t merely void herself on the floor like an animal. She would just have to plead with the guards for a pot once the arrived with whatever meal they received for breakfast.

With their bodies dried, the five girls crawled into their beds and attempted to put their traumatic experience behind them as they fitfully drifted off to sleep, hoping that tomorrow they would awake from this torture in their own beds with plenty of chamber pots.

Sadly that wouldn’t be the case.

