The conference (part 6)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-07 23:16

Everything was new about June to James but instantly he could tell she was right on the verge of climax as her body clenched his penis tight, her private area smothering his manhood in moisture and her hips rocking quickly back and forth. The pressure from the base of his testicles to the tip of his penis beyond anything he had ever experienced before, the added pressure from his full bladder taking the experience to a level beyond anything he could ever imagine. It certainly wasn’t his first time fucking anyone but by far the first he’d fucked a stranger so suddenly and impulsively because seeing her utterly desperate to urinate had made him lose any decorum and professionalism. The fact they are both still wearing work attire and are locked alone in a room just yards from work colleagues and the thrill the door might be unlocked any moment all adding to the ecstasy of the moment.

June clings to the side of her seat, her knuckles white with fighting against her bodies pull to get ever closer to James. Unable to form anything more than grunts and pants her eyes close as she feels her urethra pound against the firmness of James’s dick. It’s the plug she’s been urgently yearning for the last few hours holding the powerful dam at bay. But with every thrust, every pulsation, she can feel the dam weakening, the pressure intensifying, the strength in her muscles lessening. She doesn’t want to soak James but she’s not sure it can be avoided anymore.

Then she feels it....her own body can’t stop. She’s losing control...

As she climaxes in orgasm she feels an intensity, a release beyond what she’s ever felt before as she closes her eyes, tips her head back, thrusts one final time and hopes to God it’s not what she thinks.

James gasps as his body reaches it’s peak, his penis shaking and spurting as he cums fast and furiously inside the most beautiful, sexy, wet body he’s ever experienced. His penis so warm and wet he begins to slide out as a warmth he’s never felt there tickles the underside of his dick. It’s wetter than mucus and as June’s head comes forward James sees her eyes sparkle, her cheeks flush and her mouth open wide in shock.

‘No! I can’t! Stop!’

Whoosh....

As James’s half erect penis flops awkwardly out from between June’s legs it’s obvious to them both that June has leaked with force as a fast spurt of urine shoots out from her vagina narrowly missing the legs of James’s smart trousers. Quickly letting go of the gusset of her knickers June presses bath her hands firmly back over her crotch, massaging and wriggling for all she is worth.

James stands in shock gazing at the damp carpet, blinking as his eyes process what he’s just witnessed yet again. As voices outside can be heard and even footsteps coming in the direction of the room he tucks his wet and sticky dick back into his own underwear and zips up anxiously.

‘Quick! Turn your chair back to face the window so it’s under the table. I think I can hear someone coming! Do you think you can pull your skirt down?’

‘Only if I can keep both my hands like this. I’m dribbling non stop now. Oh God James I am so so full. I’m going to burst. I’m never ever going to make it to the toilet now.’

James approaches June blushing as he helps her pull the sides of her skirt down and move her seat to face the opposite direction so her back faces the door. June raises her bottom off the seat, both hands between her legs clutching at her crotch, bent forwards as she dancing openly as James moves the seat for her. As she sits back down she wriggles and squirms and she perches on the edge of the seat.

Adrenalin surging, his heart pounding and his bladder throbbing James races around to the opposite side of the table in front of the window as he pee dances and grabs a white board own from the table. Trying to keep his writing as legible as possible whist wriggling and having to stop and grab himself as urgent messages from his bladder consume him, he writes on the white board.

‘Ways to understand what a client might really need...

Body language

Facial expressions

Known history: when did they last visit the ba..(he pauses, about to write bathroom and immediately corrects it to bank)

Tone of voice

Before he can write anything more and whist June continues to wriggle red faced facing him with her hands under the table the footsteps get closer and closer...

