The Agonizing Line at the Party (female desperation)

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2019-10-30 20:50

Chapter 1

Daria was dying. Her bladder pressed hard against the tight waist of her khakis that cut off at the ankles to show off her sexy feet in designer flip flops. Her tight top stretched tight over her boobs as her tits erected out like arrowheads from the pressure she dealt with. The physical agony was bad enough. Those five water bottles she sucked down throughout the party had really gone to her. She was sitting and talking to some other twenty something years olds like herself from around town in her college campus while crossing and shaking her legs aggressively.

“Oh holy crap,” she whispered to herself. So low, as it was from an intense and slight pulse that made her feel like her belly would pop out any second. Her toes curled as her feet shook and sweat fell down her head. “Why did I drink so much and hold it for so long?” She wondered.

Daria got up from her chair and prayed there wouldn’t be a line at the bathroom. Apparently there was only one in the house but alas, she stopped in the hallway and threw her arms up in frustration then rubbing her hands down her face as her legs squeezed over each other tight. She stated at three other girls as beautiful as she was squirming gently outside the bathroom door painfully holding back their bladders as well. The one at the front, Erin, was in a red sweater and black tights with slippers. She held her hand gently against her crotch as she bounced with an annoyed expression across her face.

Behind her was Alex. A thin and tan hottie with long legs in short short jeans and a red shirt with buttons. Her arms wrapped around her chest and bit her lips as her foot tapped.

Behind her and in front of Daria was Joanna. A tall gal with tight blue jeans and wearing a purple top. She stood with her legs crossed and hands in her pockets. Anxious and in agony .

Daria walked up asked, “Um, I’m sorry to trouble you. But....could I possibly cut in front?”

The girls all turned their heads shocked as they were bouncing around themselves. “Hells no.” They each replied.

Daria felt like collapsing to her knees and crying however, she had to pursue on. She squirmed at the end of the line, legs rubbing against each other and feet pacing back and forth as she worried and held in a watery load anxiously.

Meanwhile not far behind was Billy. A horny omorashi obsessed guy who from behind the corner of the wall started to cum himself in aw from watching those four beauties squirm .

To be continued

*004*2020-01-07 11:37

Chapter 2

Billy grew more horny by the second. Seeing the four girls squirm for all they were worth was a delight to watch. Billy imagined which would wet first. Though, these were all adult grown women. The chances were small he guessed. Though he did remember who went in the bathroom beforehand.

Henry. The town drunk. And like most drunks, for a quick buck or beer he’d do anything. Billy was a sociopath and horny so what did he care. He was a thin track star in red shorts, white t shirt and flip flops and short blonde hair. He was tall and handsome as they come.

He raced outside to the other end of the house, right to where the window the bathroom was and knocked on the window. Out popped Henry head.

“Got a deal for ya mate!” Billy said with a devilish smile. He himself having to pee so bad but holding off just so he could become more horny. So his orgasm would be epic as sinful. He pulled out a twenty dollar bill. “Stay in there another ten minutes, and I’ll bring you another twenty, and maybe we can discuss more.”

Henry realizing he could buy al the beer he wanted had just finished wiping his ass, so he took the money and sat on the toilet patiently.

Meanwhile the girls in line were not holding up well. Daria and Joannas legs were tightly crossed and holding their crotches. Their feet pacing as much they could. Daria herself had become so anxious to get in the bathroom as her bladder continued to spasm more and more she kept inching forward until her crotch was rubbing against Joannas ass.

“Hey!” Joanna said.

“err...sorry,” Daria frowned with fear. Realizing she was losing control of herself as time passed. She had a bubble sticking out of her belly and it groaned with pain. Joanna too felt the slight slits of pain slice through her thick vaginia.

As people walked by the line with their drinks in hand that swished in the cups all the girls turned away and leaned against the walll in pain.

Erin banged on the door. “Hey, you almost done!” She was angry. “We’re all pretty desperate out here.” To which that she gave some bounces. But the real reason she was more eager to get in there was cause even though she seemed well together, she’s was in quite a lot of agony. Her muscles cramped so bad inside she wanted to cry. A tear inches down her cheek and her foot tapped hard as the girl Alex behind her who tapped her foot still and bit her lips as well. Erin had lost a couple small drops already stained into her panties. The warm sensation making it worse. She kept one arm crossed around her torso and one dug into her crotch through her tight black nylon pants almost as if she was like her boyfriend when she use to get fingered by him to trigger orgasms. “Oh dear God,” she said as another tear fell.

Billy just waited behind the plant with a huge cock waiting and waiting.

Thats when he almost passed out form excitement as one of the girls moaned “oh no! I can’t hold it any longer!”

To be continued

*006*2020-01-11 11:31

Chapter 3

”I...i...can’t hold it anymore! I’ve been keeping it inside too long!” Erin said as she bounced aggressively. Her legs twisted more and more and she bit her lip. Seeing this level of agony also increased the pressure on each of the girls behind her.

Meanwhile Billy stood there out of view of anyone with his cock erected so far he felt he might tip over as drool fell from his mouth.

Erins eyes shut as she bounced. Alex’s foot tapped so hard people in the basement could hear her above. They were reaching levels of extreme bladder piercings as they throbbled violently inside of their bodies hurting their sides and making them question reality as a whole.

“ah!” Alex moaned in agony. “When are they gonna finish, im gonna pop in the hallway if they don’t hurry!”

Erin knocked again. “Hey! Could you...oh no....NOOOOOOOOOO! NO GOD PLEASE NOOOOOO!” From the front of her crotch and back of her ass pee roared out through the nylons and onto the rug. Erin turned bright red with disbelief as the puddle grew down hall and made the others bounce and struggle to control themselves. However, Joanna couldn’t take it anymore. She covered her face as seeing erins accident caused her to lose control and made her panties and jeans flood and turn extra dark.

She and Erin were humiliated and ran off. Meanwhile Billy kept pulling himself in the hallway horny as hell.

Alex snd Daria remained in line without much hope as their friends walked away humiliated and defeated.

To be continued

