To the ball

Author: moonori

*000*2019-11-26 06:14

I've been annoyed by the lack of two of my favorite things: 18th century/victorian omo, and pleasure from holding. So I decided to take matters into my own hands. I'm in no way a professional writer and I know I'm a bit excessive with the commons so don't judge too hard. Also I did pretty much no research on the time period and am basing everything on other period pieces I've read or seen so please excuse any discrepancies.

###

Pt1

With every jerk and bounce if the carriage, Amalie could feel the pressure of her corset pressing against her bladder. the muscles in her womanhood have been straining to keep back the tides for the last hour of her trip. She had plenty of space to discreetly cross her legs under her large dress, and yet she sat with her legs slightly open. It was a secret she would never tell, but in truth, she lived for the tingly feeling she'd get from holding it in. It all began when Amalie was a young girl. She always had a harder time holding her waters than other girls her age. It definitely wasn't because she would hold it even when given the opportunity to relieve herself. Absolutely not.

During her studies, her teacher would force her to hold her waters until not her muscles nor every once of pressure she was able to apply to her young womanhood could keep it in anymore. It would begin with dribbles and sudtle hidden movements (or at least she thought they were), then build to squirts and wiggling like her life depended on it. It wasn't only bad though, she began to notice the tingly feeling down below was quite pleasurable. In the end she'd push herself hard against the seat, as hard as she could, but it would burst out in a powerful stream anyways. Her teacher would punish her and she would cry of embarrassment, but her teacher would always tell her how she'd thank her someday, as situations like these would arise often as she grew.

Her teacher turned put to be correct. Sometimes it would be half a day before a chance of sneaking to a chamber pot would would be possible. She was a proper lady, it's not like she could tell anyone but her chamber maid that was the reason needed for her departure. A lady never speaks of her private needs. And maybe she would put herself in those situations on purpous, definitely no one needed to such a thing as that. It's not like anyone would notice the trail of droplets she'd often leave on the elaborate marble flooring while on the way from the dining hall to her chamber pot.

Long carriage rides were always the worst, or the best, depending on how you look at it. If she was unable to hold her water, there would be no hiding the large puddle that would form under her feet, even after the many layers of fabric in her skirts obsorbed much of it. But knowing she had nowhere to go and nothing to do except keep holding her muscles as tight as she could sent shivers down her spine, which is why she's been drinking cup after cup of tea all day. At this point in their ride, her need to pass water was getting very dire but they were getting close and she's held to her limit enough to know she could wait much longer.

They had set out at eight in the morning and it was now two in the afternoon, with no breaks being had. She was in a carriage alone with her younger sister, Julia, while her parents rode in their own carriage ahead. Both carriages were decorated lavishly with carved wood and gold borders purely to flaunt the wealth of her family, yet it was lacking proper suspension for the wheels. Every bump and hole they passed over could be felt deep within her. She often wondered on these long journeys if her sister ever felt as she did. Amalie felt a tingle in her womanhood as she imagined Julia clenching her own. Sometimes she'd think she would see fidgeting or clenched fists but she was never sure if it was her own fantasies getting the best of her.

As her mind wondered, time passed quickly and soon they had arrived at their destination, her aunt and uncles residence. It was a beautiful mansion just outside of town right before the woods began, with a garden to rival any royalty. It was merely days till her aunt Margery's fortieth birthday. The balls Margery would throw were know far and wide as being grand and exuberant, and her fortieth has promised to be the best yet. Being invited was considered a great honour, and many were as it was never a small affair. Already you could see the signs of many people arriving at the estate. Close friends and family would receive accommodations on the property, there were many extra rooms to spare.

As Amalie stepped out of the carriage she noticed the scent of blooming flowers, the feeling a cool breeze after being locked in a moving box all day, and her need to pass her water. Thanks to the change in position, she felt the liquid inside her move downwards towards it's exit. As soon as both feet were on the ground she crossed her legs and bent over, pretending adjust her skirt. For a moment she was overwhelmed with pleasure and pain as she squeezed her her hole shut. If done merely seconds later she may have lost it right there on the ground. It wasn't until that moment she realized how much tea she had really drank, and maybe should be finding a champer pot soon, no matter how much she's enjoying it.

The servants coming to take all their belonging to each of their chambers arrived only a few moments after they had, four young men who looked to be gardeners. There was much help here as a property this big needed it, but even so, they were being stretched thin for all the event preparations. As she directed one of them with her bags, she attempted to stand as still as possible. It was difficult with the liters of liquid pressing down on her womanhood but she managed with only minor leg movements mostly hidden by the layers of her skirt. She remained courteous but short in order to get moving as soon as possible. She was proud of herself for being so sudtle. The servant assisting Amalie thought it seemed she was desperate to find a chamber pot but wouldn't dare say anything of such thing to a lady.

By now the rest of her family had exited the carriages and all seemed eager to make their way inside, most likely for the same reason she was. As Amalies mother and father began walking down the unnecessarily long stone path towards the door, her and Julia followed closely behind, and the servants behind them. She knew just from the amount of time they had been cooped up that everyone must have to pass their water at least a little bit but no one wanted to show it, so they strolled leisurely. Much to slowly for her predicament. A couple times the movement of a slow pace became too much for her and she had to stop for a moment and pretend to take a look around or sniff a flower. To her luck the place was magnificent enough to warrant such a thing without raising suspicion.

When they were getting close to to the grand door at the end of the path she knew relief was coming soon. She imagined squating over a chamber pot and relaxing her muscles, how her pent up water would shoot out with such force. Her imagination took hold of her and she almost didn't notice the feeling of it moving downwards towards her hole that was now clenched less tightly. It hit the tip of her womanhood and she squeezed with all her might. One drop pushed it's way out and in to her underclothes, and all she felt in that moment was pure pleasure beginning there and traveling up her spine and down to her toes. Better than any man could give her.

She thought then maybe a stroll through the elaborate and extensive gardens first would be nice.

*007*2019-11-27 01:08

Thanks for all the great feedback guys! I'm a slow writer so it may be awhile till the next update but it's definitely gonna be continued!

*008*2019-11-27 01:22

{{6 hours ago, Alex Oxford said:

I was just thinking about this the other day. This fetish obviously existed throughout the ages, and I think, “I wonder how that played out?” Looking forward to rest!!!

}}

I've always been interested in the idea of how people experienced omorashi in different time periods!

*015*2020-03-13 03:01

Finally a part 2! I only did a quick prooteading so please let me know if there's any typos to fix.

###

At the large entryway doors was an older gentleman who'd been working as the estates head butler since Amalie was a child. She said her hellos and all the formal greetings with her family, but when when he offered to show them their accommodations, she excused herself instead. She directed the men to take her belongings to her room and was off down the path with only a little complaining from her mother.

The main pathway around the gardens was a large horseshoe wrapping around the house. There were large hedge tunnels on either entrance blocking much of the view, which allowed Amalie a moment of privacy as she twisted and turned trying to get her waters under control. So many people arriving at the estate were still to busy preparing for the upcoming events that she nearly had the place to herself. Eventually the hedges opened to fields of well manicured plants of all kinds and colors. It was such a beautiful sight that Amalie's predicament was put to the back of her mind as she very slowly wondered down the gravel path.

Nearly twenty minutes had passed when she bent down to smell a flower and her corset pressed hard against her bladder. It all came rushing back as her legs involuntarily twisted into a knot. Suddenly her need to pass waters had become a constant feeling of pressure again. Every few steps she'd feel a light push from her bladder and a quiver between here legs. Those were the moments she'd stop and pretend to admire a beautiful plant or a statue. Under her dress she'd cross her legs and squeeze as tight as she could.

She came upon a bench and decided to rest a moment, even though sitting was not easy as most positions would tighten her corset around her quite swollen bladder. She ended up sitting with her legs wide open at the edge of the bench, pushing her pussy hard into it in order to deter any drops that may try to come out. She often found herself very thankful for her large skirts that could hide most odd position her legs would end up in. Across the path and a ways from her were a group of gardeners cutting perfect animal sculptures into a few large bushes. She knew not many accommodations were made for common workers and they would be out long days to make ends meet, sunrise to sundown. "Were there chamber pots available for the workers on the estate?" she wondered. Most likely not.

She thought of how long each could have been holding in their pee. She looked for signs of desperation but didn't see anything obvious, though none stood still long enough to really tell. She began to make up stories in her head; One drinking half his weight in tea earlier today, one stumbling straight into bed from the bar last night, only to not have an opportunity for morning relief. She couldn't stop herself from rocking slightly on the bench. She rocked forward to feel the pressure of the bench, and backward to feel the the pressue of her bladder. Reality began to fade and she moved faster, no longer paying attention to who was around her as her sensitive womanhood became her entire focus. Something was building inside her, she couldn't tell if it was an orgasm or her pee about to make its final push out, but she didn't care. It was right there, one more rhythmic movement and- there were voices. Coming from down the path, not yet in view thanks to some large shrubbery.

She was shocked out of her trance and sat back on the bench as normal as she could. Two ladies came into view, they were deep into conversation and payed Amalie no mind as they passed by. When she had pushed herself back, she made the mistake of clenching her stomach muscles which pushed her waters even closer the edge than it had been. She felt all the pent up liquid at the tip of her hole and squeezed with all her might. Her strength wasn't enough as it squeezed it's way past her muscles. She felt a a strong quivering between her legs and suddenly a spray. She quickly crossed her legs almost tight enough to hurt. With the help of her thighs she was able to shut off the flow. She sat still for a few moments that felt like an eternity each. After the women had passed to being put of sight again, she squeezed her thighs a few more times to feel the left over pleasure from a minute ago.

She stood up very slowly, as to not jar her bladder anymore than it already had been, and continued her walk down the path. Standing up so soon wasn't the best idea, she realized, as she felt more pee moved downwards towards her tired muscles. She was getting near the end of the loop that would leave her back at the front entrance. As much fun as this all was, she really was in need of a chamber pot quite soon. or possibly a few minutes ago. Leaks and small accidents were enjoyable, but a full wetting would be far to noticable.

Regret was slowly creeping up on her as she walked as she entered the final stretch through the hedge tunnel. She was thankful again to be kept her out of view as she did everything she could to the liquid inside her bladder. swaying her hips dramatically with each step, and crossing her legs every few. The end of the path was in sight but she wasn't sure she could make it through the public to her chamber pot without making a fool of herself. Just then she felt her pussy muscles begin to twitch frantically and she realized she wasn't gonna have to. She knew from experience that meant her waters were coming, not a leak but the all liters she had drank this morning pouring out completely uncontrollably.

The best she could hope for at this point was to get off the main path and a few feet from her was a side path heading off in another direction. She hoped it would give her just enough cover as she started towards it quickly. She was almost there when the tingling feeling down below intensified to a point she had not felt in a very long time and and she felt her bladder squeeze against her will. Pee began pouring down her legs. She practically jumps the last step into the dirt as her bladder exploded uncontrollably. She stood there barely hidden, legs still crossed out of instinct, having an accident in her Aunts garden like a child. Once the shock past, it was pure bliss as the torrent poured down her legs and puddled below her feet. She wasn't even half empty when she heard -

"Amalie!? Where are you!?"

It was her sister. Theres no way she could let her sister know she was having an accident, Julia would absolutely tell all her friends, the brat. Amalie squeezed her urethra with all her might and the intense tingles shot through her entire body but it wouldn't stop coming. Luckily her sisters voice was still a little ways away so she had enough time to squat and shove her heal hard into her lower lips. The piss shooting out of her still only slowed at first, but then the stream became a trickle, and then a drop. As she stood, she had to squeeze her thighs together one more time as it tried to come out again. But she had finally stopped it, and just in time to step back onto the main path as her Julia began down it. The pressure from her bladder had lessened but it was still very much there.

"There you are! Mother has had me wondering the entire estate for you!" Julia said, sounding quite annoyed.

"Yes and you have found me. So what is the matter?" Amalie replied. She was trying hard to be nonchalant but the tingling in her womanhood was making that difficult.

"The dinner of course! Have you forgotten? You don't even have time to change your dress now, mother and auntie will be so upset if we're late."

Oh. She had forgotten about the dinner.

