An Unusual Night Out

Author: MoistMark

*000*2021-10-23 10:35

Been a while since I posted a long entry, and this is a first for me on this forum - a short story. Stayed up way too late last night writing it, and I know from experience that my writing generally needs about 50 revisions before it's good enough to publish, but I thought I would share the process with you guys and ask you to chip in and comment. All feedback from the quality of the storytelling to punctuation errors will be gratefully received. It will be good to get up-to-date feedback on the situations as well; for example, I'm pretty sure Babycham is not a popular drink any more, but not sure what has replaced it as a 'female' drink. Prosecco?

I have in front of me the words, 'The secret to writing something worth reading is to plan each stage of the story.' If that is the case, this isn't worth reading, but as it is a short story and I have been mulling it over in my mind for a week, maybe it isn't so bad. On the other hand, the plan for the first chapter was twice as long as this, with a possible chapter 2 to follow. So this is the first part of chapter 1, and I'm going to call the second half 'Chapter 2'. The real chapter 2 will just have to be chapter 3, or 4, or whatever, depending on what happens. So much for planning. I said it was going to be a process... Last time I wrote a short story it ran to 23 chapters and isn't finished yet.

It is set in an unnamed northern town (England). Unlike the last thing I wrote, I decided to make it a first person narration, with one of the main characters telling the story in her own words, so her dialect shows through. There are grammatical 'errors' I wouldn't allow in my own writing, you understand. The tone did go a bit to pot near the end where the northern voice got lost and came out all P G Wodehouse. It still needs revision, but I'll share it anyway because it was quite funny (IMHO).

There's nothing terribly original about this chapter. It's all about getting to know the characters and setting up the situation that leads to later events, so the wetting at the end is just a warm-up wetting, so to speak.

I look forward to your comments. There's a PDF attached for your convenience, e.g. if you want to print, but please respect my copyright and don't disseminate further. Thank you.

Of course, you may read purely for your own enjoyment without feeling constrained to correct or comment; if you do, please overlook its imperfections.

An Unusual Night Out

Draft the First

Chapter 1

I was just about ready to go out when my housemate said to me, ‘Do I look like a slag in this skirt, Sandra?’

I looked at Nicola in her tight black skirt and white top, barely containing her large boobs.

‘It’s a bit short,’ I lied. It was actually very short. I could see her black knickers from where I was sitting on the bed, and that was before she bent down or walked a few steps, which would make it ride up even more. ‘Why don’t you wear your tight jeans?’ I suggested. ‘They show off your bum nicely.’

I had an ulterior motive for suggesting that, though. If she wore that skirt the lads wouldn’t notice me because they’d be hoping for a flash up her skirt, and I can’t compete with that. My legs look crap in a skirt, so I prefer jeans. If she wears them too it levels the playing field when we are on the pull, and it was Saturday night and that is what we do Saturday night.

‘And it draws attention to your legs, but your boobs are your best part.’

That was true: Nic’s legs were short. Sturdy, not flabby or owt, but not your long elegant legs, so she always went out in high heels and wore clothes that emphasised her top. My legs aren’t exactly model’s legs either, but if I wear flats we look OK together, and while my boobs aren’t as large as hers, they’re pretty good, if I say it myself. Under a tight shirt or thin blouse with no bra, I get a fair crack of the whip when it comes to lads.

So I won that discussion but had to wait for her to change again. Then we had a couple of shots to kick-start the evening and headed off to get the bus into town. It was just us two this weekend. A load of our mates we usually meet up with had gone off clubbing in the city. They tried to get us to go, but Nic couldn’t do because she works Saturday until quite late, and I stayed with her, being her best mate and sharing a house and all. It wasn’t all bad, though. Without a large group we had less competition and a better chance of getting a lad each back to ours.

It felt cold when we went outside. It was late October and the nights were getting dark. Just a thin top with short sleeves isn’t much to keep you warm and I was glad we had proper long trousers on. Even so, it would mean a rush between pubs, arms folded across our chests as much for warmth as keeping our boobs from bouncing out of the tops. No point bringing a jacket – it would just get nicked as soon as you take it off. Normally, we get off a stop before the bus station and work our way up Queen Street towards the town centre pubs.

That way we do the rougher ones before everyone gets pissed and fights start, and we end up in one of the modern pubs, which have better loos. After two or three pints you want to be in a ‘toilet pub’, as we call them, which have a decent ladies. The older ones just have these shitty ones that have been added on at some stage, having been built when only men went out drinking, and there are never enough bogs. But Nic and I effed it up because the bus was one of them old ones without any announcements at each bus stop, and we couldn’t see properly into the darkness through the bus windows, so before we knew it, we were pulling into the station.

We hurried into the Slug and Lettuce and got a half in. It was pretty quiet, though, with mostly couples sitting around talking and no-one dancing at all. We soon departed for the Drayton Arms, which is a bit posh, though it gets mad later on, and it was so dead we just got a Babycham and considered our next move. It looked like everyone was really old, like over forty or something. A bloke in a dogtooth jacket and sporting a moustache kept giving Nicola the eye, so I nudged her and suggested she went and tried to get him to dance, but she just cackled and told me to eff off. We finished the drinks and set off again, giggling as we passed Dogtooth on the way to the door.

The road was starting to fill up now. The crowds spilled off the pavements and into the street so any vehicles were limited to walking pace. On a Friday and Saturday night, the streets belong to people again, not cars, and the revellers know it. A gang of lads called us from the other side of the street to show our tits, and of course we obliged, though none of the lads were right fit. Then we got to Bodegas, which is more our scene with a proper disco and lights and a younger crowd. Nic and I took to the dance floor, which was still fairly deserted, and danced round our handbags for two or three songs, but there wasn’t much doing.

It looked like the usual gangs of lads hadn’t arrived there yet, so we set off again, hoping to find richer hunting grounds. We passed a few groups of lads in the street but didn’t attract much attention. The cold made our nipples stiffen and poke through our tops, but Nic had made the mistake of wearing her blouse with the ruffle down the front which covered the front of her boobs up. The blouse was good for showing cleavage, especially when she leant forward, but running along with arms across her chest, her best assets were virtually hidden, and though I had a plain stretchy top on that made the most of my tits, I don’t have her natural advantages.

We did our best at the next two pubs, taking to the floor and throwing our best moves, but it seems like there was no-one willing to come and split us up. By now we were getting to the seedier end of town where the real spit and sawdust pubs were, and it looked more and more hopeless.

‘Should we head back up to the Slug and Lettuce, Sand?’ Nic asked. ‘It might have livened up by now.’

I don’t know why, but I hate doubling back on myself when I’m on a pub crawl. It feels like cheating or a kind of failure. And the wind was blowing down Queen Street straight from the North Pole that night.

‘How about heading for the Wheatsheaf?’ I asked. ‘I could do with a toilet pub now.’

‘I don’t know. It’s a bit far.’ The Wheatsheaf was out near the football ground and generally had a good atmosphere going, though it was off the main drag and a bit less rowdy than the town centre pubs got late on. I thought it was a good idea, though the walk would be a chilly one tonight.

‘I could certainly do with a piss, though,’ added Nicola. I didn’t feel very sympathetic about that as she had bought a half of cider at the last pub while I just had a small G&T, so it was her fault really. We were both pretty pissed by now too, which was probably affecting our judgement.

‘You don’t want to go here,’ I reminded her. ‘You’d probably catch something off the bog, if you can reach it without paddling across the floor. There isn’t even hot water in there.’

‘Alright then, come on.’

Clutching our arms around ourselves, we ventured out again. A group of lads shouted at us to show us our tits, but they seemed unenthusiastic on the whole and we didn’t linger beyond a brief flash. Perhaps the cold chilled their ardour; perhaps they were just being friendly more than keen. But we didn’t have time to stop and find out, the cold making the fullness of our bladders feel worse than it did in the warm. We turned into Fragley Lane and it seemed more sheltered, with just blasts of wind catching us when we passed a ginnel between the houses, the setts they were paved with interrupting the concrete slabs or tarmac of the pavement.

This part of town was mostly terraced houses, too near town to support more than the occasional corner shop and certainly nowhere to pee until you got to the Wheatsheaf. You couldn’t even bob into one of the ginnels between the houses that lead to the back alley separating the rows. The council had installed streetlights in all of them for safety reasons and it was like trying to hide under spotlights. You daren’t squat over a drain either, as the police picked you up and fined you if they caught you at it. There was a crackdown going on after recent complaints, and two police cars passed us as we hurried along, Nic struggling on her heels and needing to go even worse than me.

‘There’d better be some fit lads when we get there or I’m going to kill you, Sandra,’ she threatened. I laughed, taking it in the spirit it was meant. Although we sometimes argued, me and Nic got on well and had moved in together when we both got jobs and wanted to be away from our parents. The house was only a two up, two down, but it suited us and gave us independence. We cooked together, liked the same television and acted as each other’s wing men when we went out on the pull. Most weeks we either fetched up round a bloke’s house on a weekend or, more often, got two of them back to ours. It was what we lived for, really. I mean, as Nic says, it’s what your hole is for. And if only one of us pulled, the other would generally join in on Nic’s king size bed. They don’t object, the blokes. They think it’s great because they’re getting a threesome, but really they just have to work twice as hard to fetch two lasses rather than one, and we don’t let them off lightly.

Well, I don’t know what I’m telling you about our sex lives for. This night doesn’t end like that, but I suppose it’s more interesting than telling you about Nic’s constant complaining and moaning as we made our way down Fragley and over the big roundabout onto Kings Way, stamping our feet impatiently while waiting for the pedestrian lights to change as we crossed the bypass, the cold and nagging bladders making us both tetchy.

It was when we got to the corner of Cooper Lane and Sedgwick Road that things took a turn for the worse. We were heading northwards into the wind again, which felt like it had dropped another ten degrees, piercing our jeans and penetrating our tops as easily as if they weren’t there. We needed to increase our pace just to avoid freezing, but Nic’s high heels on the uneven pavements and setts wouldn’t allow it. We linked arms for warmth and support.

‘I tell you, Sand, I’m going to piss myself any minute. This bloody wind is shrivelling up my bladder.’

‘We’re nearly there, Nic. Hold on; we can make it.’

‘I’m bloody freezing. Even my goosebumps have got goosebumps. Why did they have to put the Wheatsheaf at the North Pole? We could get eaten by polar bears or anything.’

‘We’ll warm up in the pub,’ I promised her. ‘And they’ve got a lovely large toilet. You can let it all out when when we get there. This’ll just be a faint memory once you get that relief.’ With hindsight, that was probably not a good thing to say to her, but I must admit that I was desperate for that relief myself by then and it was hard to think of anything else. In my imagination I was opening the door to the well-appointed ladies in the Wheatsheaf, taking my place in one of the numerous stalls, pulling down my trousers and finally relaxing as my bladder emptied itself into the bowl. I had to resist the temptation to do it there and then, squeezing my muscles tight to prevent any premature leaking. For Nicola, the thoughts I had inadvertently put in her mind were nearly torture. She stopped suddenly, crossing her legs and trembling with the effort of holding on.

‘Christ, Sandra, why did you have to say that?’ Her face was taut and her lips tight as she battled a wave of urgency, then pulled my arm to make me walk on, to make as much progress as possible before the next wave hit her. We had not walked as much as half the length of a terrace before she had to stop again, beads of cold sweat on her brow as she squeezed her thighs together and bent her knees to keep control.

‘Think of the lads waiting for us,’ I urged. ‘We’ll have a right laugh, I bet.’

‘Don’t make me laugh, whatever you do,’ she moaned, which made me laugh, cut off short when my own urgency threatened to overwhelm my defences.

We staggered on a short distance, Nicola nearly bent double and clinging onto my arm, her face a rictus of concentration and pain. She came to a standstill and bent at the knees again, not daring to take another step. Alls she could manage was a wordless ‘huh’ when I again reminded her how close the pub and salvation was. The spasm must have passed, because she straightened up with a less pained expression and took a couple of steps in the right direction.

Then I saw a wet patch appear under her bum, which with surprising speed coursed down her legs, up the seam at the rear and across her stomach. She fixed me with a look of utter amazement, frozen and unable to move while the flood continued unabated. It ran off her knees in rivulets and down the legs into her shoes. It soaked round her bum till the front and back patches joined and started spreading down her thighs. It ran onto the ground and made a river across the pavement and into the gutter, gurgling as it ran into a drain close by.

Me, I was creased. I just howled with laughter. It was fucking hilarious; she was pissing herself like mad and just couldn’t stop. I’ve never seen anyone so wet, and I’ve seen a few accidents, I can tell you. In fact, I laughed so hard I wet myself. Even that didn’t stop me laughing.

‘Oh no! You’ve made me piss myself as well!’ I managed to gasp, standing legs apart to show her the damage. Nowhere near as bad as her accident, though. I got it to stop pretty quickly, but I was more than damp between the legs. Fly, bum and the tops of my thighs were proper wet.

But Nic was soaking, and I mean soaking. From below the waist to the ankles there was barely a dry bit of denim, and it glistened and shone in the orange streetlamps. Drips came off her bum and knees when she moved, and it was clear we had a big problem. We could hardly go into a pub like that, and the hot wetness was already chilling fast. We couldn’t take a bus home, no taxi driver was going to allow us to sit on their seats, and almost everyone we knew with a car was in the city clubbing. As the laughter died, I realised we were in a bit of a pickle, to put it mildly.

‘We’re fucked,’ I said, not putting it mildly.

At this point Nicola did think of a few things to say to me that weren’t exactly complimentary. More recriminations, in fact. I had, she reminded me, suggested going to the Wheatsheaf despite the distance, the Arctic weather conditions and fullness of her bladder. A fool with no brain could have foreseen the consequences. I had stopped her using the facilities at the Crown which would have doubtless been more than adequate, and it had been my sole fault that we had missed the right bus stop because I was banging on about this girl at work who had been annoying me.

As a result we had progressed along Queen Street in the wrong direction and missed all the fun and good toilets. In fact, if I had not advised against her choice of skirt, we – or at least she – would by now be wrapped in the arms of some bloke with a ripped body and a skilful line in cunnilingus, lying in a warm, dry bed under a warm, dry duvet in our warm, dry house, and not stranded miles from it in freezing, wet jeans with no hope of survival.

If the accusations were somewhat extreme and one-sided, I didn’t defend myself as I would normally have done, paying little attention as I looked up and down the road in hope of inspiration. The long lines of terraced houses in which lived only strangers, the distance between us and our home, and the cruel wind, served merely to increase the feeling that Nicola’s accusations, while unfair, were not inaccurate and there was little hope of an outcome that did not end with our exhausted, frozen bodies being discovered the next morning in an alleyway, huddled together ineffectually for warmth like the babes in the wood. And, she pointed out, as we would both be dead, no-one would know that it had all been my fault, adding, she felt, insult to injury. Her language was a great deal more colourful than that, but she was feeling her predicament acutely and it was not a pleasant one, so we should allow her some leeway.

As I looked up the street for the third time I noticed the name of a side street a short way along from our position. It rang a faint bell and for a moment I couldn’t fathom why. Then the vague memory crystallised into a face, and the face recalled a name.

‘Nic, I think I know someone who lives close by. Maybe he will help us.’

© Mark S Halliday 2021

%UnusualNight.pdf

*002*2021-10-24 15:01

{{On 10/23/2021 at 12:10 PM, Redboi said:

I don’t see any grammatical errors here. Great story!

}}

Thanks, Redboi. Glad I pleased at least one person on the planet yesterday.

*003*2021-10-24 15:30

Hot on the heels of chapter 1 comes... chapter 2! It's twice as long (nearly) as Chap 1 so maybe it should be chapters 2 and three. Whatever.

It concludes the short story, sort of, but ends on an intriguing note that begs a sequel. I do have an idea or two for chapter 3, 4, whatever, but we'll have to see.

As before it's my first draft. I really feel I was losing the 'voice' of Sandra, the narrator, when I wrote it, and I really need to get back into her head and re-write it. But I thought it more important to get the story down first while it was fresh in my mind, and work it up later. As I said before, this is the whole process laid bare for all to see and hopefully contribute to.

The PDF at the bottom is the cumulative version with both chapters and all corrections to date. Enjoy.

Chapter 2

I knocked on the front door and it opened to reveal a tall, slender man, whose weather-beaten face made it hard to tell if he was in his late fifties or early sixties.

‘Hello, Mr Sadler,’ I said. ‘Sorry to disturb you so late, but my friend has had an accident and we wondered if you could help.’

He looked us both up and down with an uncomprehending glare, then a look of recognition dawned. ‘Oh, it’s you, Sandra. I didn’t recognise you at first.’

‘Yes, we’re a bit stuck. Can you lend us some clothes or something?’

He considered a moment, looking again at the state Nic was in. ‘OK. But you can’t come in here. You’re dripping. You’ll have to go round the back. The side gate is open.’

The front door closed again without ceremony and we headed round the side.

‘God, Sandra, you’re not going to cop off with him? He’s ancient!’

‘Don’t talk wet, Nicola,’ I snapped, then laughed. ‘Pun not intended.’ The house was not a terrace, though it was next to a row of terraces. Next to it were two tall, solid gates chained together in the middle and topped by barbed wire, with the words Stan Sadler & Son in faded, peeling paint in the form of an arch, with Builder beneath them in solid, heavy letters, and below that in smaller type And Builders Merchant. Next to them was a pedestrian gate which yielded to my push. As we stepped into the yard it was suddenly illuminated by harsh floodlighting, revealing stacks of building materials, a store building, a waggon and van, both of which had a more modern rendering of the business name painted on their sides.

‘How do you know this bloke, then?’ asked Nicola. ‘Is he Stan?’

‘No, Stan must be old Mr Sadler; he’s the son. He did the loft conversion for Mum and Dad a couple of years ago before I moved in with you. I used to make cups of tea for him and his lads working. He would chat and that. Even now if I see him out shopping, he remembers my name and asks after Mum and Dad and what have you. A proper nice bloke.’

The back door opened and Mr Sadler took control of the situation. ‘We’ll have to get those things in the washing machine and clean you up. You’d better take your wet things off here,’ he said, indicating Nic with a nod. She complied, pulling down her soaking jeans and leaving them on the concrete, standing in her black lace knickers. ‘What’s your name then?’

‘She’s Nicola,’ I said quickly, realising I should have introduced her at the door. ‘She’s my housemate.’

He looked at her expectantly, and when nothing more happened he added crossly: Well, I can’t wash your knickers if you keep them on, can I?’

‘What? So you can cop a look, is it?’ Nic responded in similar vein.

‘I’ve seen women’s arses before,’ he replied sourly. ‘Get ovver yoursen.’ Nic coloured up at that and put her knickers on the pile.

‘Can I use your toilet now, Mr Sadler?’ she asked.

‘I thought you’d done it already, from the look of your kecks.’

‘I need to go again,’ she said, almost whining.

‘Well, finish off onto that pile, then,’ he said curtly. Nic had to stand over her clothing and piss again, wee pouring from her bare pussy; at least he had the decency not to stare but turned to me instead. ‘What about you?’ he asked.

‘I need the toilet pretty badly. Can I go inside and use it, please?’

‘Not in that wet state,’ he said baldly. I didn’t think my wetting showed that much, but clearly nothing escaped him. ‘There’s a drain back there – ‘ he nodded towards it – ‘piss in that. Don’t want it all ovver the yard.’ He glanced up at the sky, invisible beyond the lamps. ‘Forecast is dry tomorrow.’

I didn’t have time to argue, my need was getting so bad. I went to the grating as few yards behind me and started to undo my jeans.

‘Your friend has wet her jeans. Are you her mate or aren’t you? What do you think she feels like?’ It was less of a question than an accusation, but I couldn’t grasp what he was driving at. My face must have betrayed my confusion. ‘Well, are you going to join her? I’ll wash yours for you as well, but a mate wouldn’t leave her stood on her own like that.’

It took a moment for what he was saying to sink in. He was telling me to piss my jeans so Nic wouldn’t feel humiliated by being the only one to wet herself thoroughly. I was feeling rather woozy from the alcohol and tiredness by now, and all I knew was that I needed a pee like mad. I squatted down over the grate and prepared to soak the bum of my jeans, but again he remonstrated with me. ‘She did it standing up. If you stand over the grate it will go down your legs into the drain rather than everywhere.’

I stood up resignedly, my only defiance being to turn my back to him so he couldn’t see my front as I pissed.

‘You want to ruin your shoes, do you?’ he bellowed. It was the tone of voice I had heard him use to his building apprentices when they they were indulging in horseplay rather than work. It reminded me of the woodwork teacher back in school, keeping control of a wayward class. I wearily took them off, put a foot each side of the grate and finally let loose. Despite the circumstances, I have to say that it was an almost heavenly relief. Hot pee gushed down my legs and wrapped its way round my bum, even warming my cold feet. With my back to him and the light, I threw a long shadow across the yard like an A with the bar missing, and when the jeans could absorb no more, a stream shadow formed, twisting and playing between the elongated leg shadows until I was empty, and only dark drips from the soaking fabric remained of what had just passed. Without waiting to be told, I stripped off jeans and underwear and added them to the pile.

‘Right,’ My Sadler said grudgingly. ‘I’ll see to them. You’d better come and get cleaned up.’ He went through the door into what was a utility room, a lean-to extension to the original house. There was a cluttered work surface with washing machine and dryer beneath. The walls above had crude shelves on grey painted angle brackets, holding a mixture of things from work tools to an iron. A large packet of washing powder stood next to a plastic can of engine oil, a dusty bottle of conditioner on the top shelf.

It struck me a typically male environment; I guessed there was no Mrs Sadler. He rummaged in a pile and pulled out a large rag that had once been a T-shirt, placed it on the floor and told us to dry our feet on it. Then he found a washing basket, told us to put the rest of our clothes in it and led the way upstairs. As we followed, now naked, I noticed how clean and tidy the kitchen looked, a contrast to the utility room, which he clearly considered a work room and an extension of the yard rather than part of the home. The sitting room, which I glanced through an open door, was also surprisingly neat for a bachelor.

‘Are you married, Mr Sadler?’ I asked.

‘I was. Laura passed a few years ago,’ he said, stating a fact, not expecting sympathy. I guessed that he kept the house like she liked it, an unseen but welcome presence in his life.

Nic was visibly the worse for wear. I had to steady her on the stairs, which Mr Sadler noticed and came back to assist. His manner was, in contrast to his words earlier, quite gentle and supportive, lending a strong arm to her without seeming condescending, which we both found oddly reassuring. In the bathroom he turned on the shower over the bath, laid a rubber bathmat in it and pulled the shower curtain across. He let me sit on the toilet lid while he helped Nic onto the mat as she lifted her legs over the side of the bath. She unsteadily grabbed at the shower curtain and he rescued both it and her, holding her arm until she got her balance.

‘Just lean a hand against the wall for a moment,’ he urged her. Then stripping off quickly, he climbed in after her. ‘Right, put your hands on my shoulders for support,’ he instructed, then took a flannel, soaped it up and began to wash her shoulders and arms, then down her back and finally her chest, soaping her breasts in the same gentle way he had rubbed the rest of her. He renewed the soap on the flannel and warned her he was going to kneel but to keep her hands on his shoulders. He stayed lowered himself gradually so she stayed steady, and began to lather her legs all the way up to her bum.

Even when he passed the flannel between her legs, he didn’t take advantage. Then he stood carefully again and, taking the shower head down, rinsed her off, giving just a little more attention to her pussy with the jet so it got, as he put it, thoroughly clean. Getting her out of the bath was just the reverse of getting in. She had her hands on the wall for support while he got himself out, then gave her his arm while she stepped onto the bathmat. He used a large, fluffy towel from the airing cupboard in the corner to dry her off, afterwards quickly dabbing himself with the thin ‘every day’ towel he normally used. We had been given the posh guest towels, obviously. Then he suggested she went and lay down on the bed, taking her there himself and getting her comfy in what was clearly his own double bed.

Returning to the bathroom, he assisted me with my shower as well. I was scarcely better than Nic by that point. I had nearly nodded off while sat waiting and my movements were groggy and uncoordinated, so he must have seen I need looking after as well. It felt lovely and relaxing to be washed and dried by someone who wasn’t after anything else. It was nice to be cared for like a child, somehow. After the warm shower he tucked me up in his bed, naked next to Nicola, and I fell asleep.

###

It must have been some while later that I was aware of him climbing over me to get into bed too.

‘Aren’t you sleeping in another bed?’ I asked sleepily.

‘What other bed?’ he asked in reply. ‘This is the only one. There’s room if you don’t sprawl.’ I don’t really remember anything after that for some while. He didn’t try anything on, if you know what I mean. I only awoke when I needed to piss again, in the middle of the night. I tried to get up quietly without disturbing anyone, but a muscular arm wrapped around me and held me in bed.

‘I need to go pee,’ I whispered so as not to wake Nicola.

‘Don’t fall out of bed,’ came the very drowsy response, so I repeated, ‘I need to go to the bathroom.’

‘It’s alright. Just go,’ he said.

‘I’m trying to go,’ I whispered back, ‘but you’re holding onto me.’

‘Just go, it’s alright,’ he said again, shifting position a little to make his firm grasp more comfortable. His voice sounded nearly asleep as he added, ‘Just let go. It’s alright.’ And with that I felt warmth and wetness flowing over my thighs.

‘Oh no! I’m peeing the bed!’ I whispered in alarm.

‘It’s OK, just let go,’ he repeated, and I carried on peeing, the wetness flowing over my legs and bum until my bladder was at peace again and I lay in a pool of warmth. One odd thing though: as I started to fall asleep once more, I felt a hard prick pressing against my side. Nothing unusual about that: when I’ve slept with a lad they often wake up and want a second helping. OK as far as I’m concerned, but I can tell you, after 2am I do not want to get involved. I just turn my back to them and let them do it. You won’t get anything out of me at that time; I just don’t go there. Unless they’ve been dicks and shagged me without making sure I cum as well. No second helpings for them! I straighten my legs and press my thighs together and after a bit of fruitless poking they soon get the message. But on this occasion, although I would have let him in because he had taken care of me, nothing else happened, I’m sure. Yet I did feel something…

###

Bright light flooded the room, wrenching me awake, and shortly afterwards the duvet was pulled off and I was hit by a blast of cold air.

“Wakey, wakey!’ called Mr Sadler. ‘Rise and shine!’

I groaned and started to sit up. My head felt like a hammer had hit it and my eyes were on fire. I blearily looked around. Nicola was lying on the bed beside me, and Mr Sadler was by the window, which he had just opened wide, removing the duvet cover and putting it in a large washing basket on the floor. All three of us were naked. It was a sunny day but obviously still cold. The bed lost its warmth immediately; it was soaking wet.

‘God, what happened?’ moaned Nicola, opening her eyes and immediately shutting them again.

‘Let’s get you two through the shower, shall we?’ said Mr Sadler.

‘What happened to the bed?’ asked Nicola, becoming aware of the state it was in.

‘We pissed it,’ I informed her bluntly.

‘Oh yeah…’ she said, recollection starting to dawn. ‘Ow! God, my head hurts.’

‘I think you two were enjoying yourselves last night,’ Mr Sadler reminded her.

‘Is that what you call enjoying ourselves?’ I asked rhetorically. ‘I seem to remember failing to pick up any lads, freezing our balls off and pissing ourselves.’ I wasn’t in the best of moods.

‘Come on,’ said Mr Sadler, offering a hand. ‘Let’s go.’ He lead me to the bathroom and turned the shower on. I lifted the lid of toilet – even in my semi-conscious state, I thought it was very domesticated for a bloke to keep the lid down – but he said, ‘No, you can’t use the toilet yet. Get showered and have some breakfast first.’ Well, I wasn’t busting at that point – the mid-night piss in the bed saw to that – so I climbed into the shower and took the proffered flannel to wash off the piss I had been sleeping in.

Nicola came in too and took over in the shower the moment I got out.

‘The towels are hung on the rail,’ Mr Sadler said, ‘but if you need more there’s one or two in the airing cupboard.’ He nodded at the cupboard door in case we had forgotten where it was.

When I went back to the bedroom, he had stripped the bed and I saw that under the bottom sheet there were a number of absorbent pads like old people use. He was folding up the wet ones and putting them in a pile, then took the dry ones off, revealing a waterproof cover over the mattress. He dried it with a cloth then sprayed it cover with a bottle of something, but looked up when he became aware of me.

‘Where are my clothes, Mr Sadler?’ I asked.

‘They’re still drying. You’ll have to get them downstairs. Bring Nicola down to breakfast, would you?’ He took the pile of bed sheets away with him and I went back to the bathroom. It was warmer than the bedroom, and Nic had just finishing drying herself. She didn’t ask about the toilet; perhaps she didn’t need a pee yet.

The kitchen was pleasantly warm as we walked in, and smelling of toast and coffee. On the table was a plate and cutlery for each of us, a coffee pot stood on the stove, and Mr Sadler was turning over slices of toast under the grill. Two of the place settings had two glasses by them, one of water, the other a small straight glass containing something red. A packet of paracetamol lay in the middle of the table along with a tub of margarine and a jar each of jam and marmalade.

‘If you want headache tablets, there they are.’ He indicated the packet. ‘Sit down. And I suggest you knock those back. You’ll feel better.’

‘What are they?’

‘My hangover cure. A secret recipe containing tomato juice, Worcester sauce, a drop of Tabasco, an egg and a small shot of vodka. Don’t drive or operate machinery for the rest of the day. Best drunk in one go.’

‘What’s secret about the recipe now you’ve told us?’ Nicola objected.

‘You don’t know how much Worcester I put in it,’ Mr Sadler smiled.

‘Vodka? You’re not supposed to mix paracetamol and alcohol, are you?’ I pointed out. ‘It’s not healthy.’

‘It’s not healthy to drink the amount you did last night either,’ he responded, ‘but you did.’ He paused as if reflecting. ‘Yeah, well, I was young once myself. Do you want toast?’

‘Where did you say our clothes are?’ asked Nicola, who had missed my asking the same question earlier.

‘I put them on to wash overnight. Now the jeans are drying in the machine. They’ll be a while yet.’

‘I hope you didn’t put our knickers in with them,’ I said, fearing male incompetence would have shrunk them beyond use by the time they came out.

‘No, they’re drying on the radiator. They aren’t ready yet, either.’

‘So why are you naked, though?’ asked Nicola. ‘You’ve got clothes. You live here.’

‘Well,’ he paused, looking a tad embarrassed, something I wouldn’t have thought him capable of. ‘As you two haven’t got anything to wear, I thought you would feel weird if I was fully dressed and you weren’t. I can put something on if you’d prefer.’

‘Haven’t you got a dressing gown?’

‘Never had one. Sleep naked, get dressed in the morning. That’s me. Coffee?’

He poured a cup for each of us. I drank the red concoction quickly as instructed, but it didn’t taste too bad. Nic and I both took two tablets each, and slowly began to feel more human. I ate a piece of toast, but Nic said she wasn’t hungry. After a while I noticed she was beginning to squirm in her chair, and I guessed the coffee was working its way through her as it was me.

‘What’s with the toilet?’ I asked him. ‘Can we use it now?’

‘Not yet. After breakfast.’ He poured us each a second cup and offered more toast, but I had had enough to eat. I couldn’t understand why we were being denied use of the toilet although there was nothing wrong with it. Soon I was squirming like Nicola was, the bladder that had been tired out the day before objecting to trying to hold in so much coffee and tomato juice without having had a morning pee. I tried again.

‘How come you get to pee and we don’t?’

‘I haven’t peed this morning,’ he countered. ‘Your clothes aren’t dry yet, so you might as well relax and enjoy breakfast.’

‘I’ve finished mine,’ Nic said belligerently. ‘Can I use the bathroom, please?’

‘All in good time.’

‘Why won’t you let us?’ I protested. ‘You know what happens eventually.’

‘I’ve got the wet bedclothes to prove it,’ he agreed. ‘But it’s early days yet.’

By now I was sitting bolt upright on the hard kitchen chair to reduce the pressure on my bladder as much as possible. ‘How much longer will it be? When the clothes are done?’

‘We’ll see,’ he said.

Nic began to get angry. ‘Look, you can’t prevent us, it’s not right!’

‘It’s my bathroom, isn’t it? I didn’t have to help you out and give you a bed for the night.’

Nic stood up and started pacing up and down. I could see that look she had had yesterday on her face again, and knew she was suffering. Suddenly a painful urge hit me, worse than an ache; the pain of a bladder that has been mistreated and has not had time to recover, and I lost my temper.

‘Right, I am going to piss and you can’t stop me! Don’t even try!’

I rushed to the stairs and started to climb them, but had not got more than two or three steps up before I had to stop to contain a wave of desperation that felt like it would burst through my abused sphincters and cause a waterfall right there in the stairs. Mr Sadler had followed me without hurrying and waited at the foot of the stairs for me to recover. When I climbed on, he also followed, and when we got to the top said, ‘Here, I’ve got something that will help you.’

I had been anticipating a struggle, but he gave no sign he would physically restrain me. ‘Come with me.’

He led me into the bedroom and went to the wardrobe. In the bottom was a packet from which he pulled two padded plastic things that I realised were incontinence pants. ‘They go on like this,’ he demonstrated, tucking the open pads between his legs and showing me how they fastened at the side with adhesive tabs. He helped me with mine because you kind of needed two sets of hands to do it.

‘There. That will take the worry away. It won’t matter if you have an accident now. Let’s take one for Nicola too.’

Nic greeted our appearance with a shriek of laughter. ‘You’re wearing nappies!’ she squealed.

‘You too, young lady,’ Mr Sadler commanded, and told her to tuck the pants he held out to her between her legs and hold them at the front, while he took the rear and fastened the two bits together on each side. ‘Now, if you piss, don’t do it all at once. Let a bit out and give it long enough to soak in. These things can absorb a whole pee, but only if all the absorbent material gets used, so you have to let it soak in and spread or you could leak.’

‘Why are we wearing them, though?’ Nic asked in some bewilderment.

‘It’s convenient, isn’t it?’ he answered. ‘You don’t have to stop what you’re doing or worry if you’re getting desperate.’

‘Why have you got all these things?’ I asked. ‘Do you have a problem?’

‘I’m not incontinent, if that’s what you mean. How about some fresh orange juice? When you’ve drunk too much alcohol, most of the way you feel crap is because of dehydration, so you need to drink more to counter the diuretic effect it has.’ We both accepted another glassful of drink, perhaps too confused to raise any objections. I felt oddly defeated, after my defiant attempt to reach the bathroom had been defused without so much as an argument, never mind a fight.

As Mr Sadler handed me my orange juice, I saw the white front of his ‘nappy’ turn yellow. I realised he was actually pissing right there in front of me, still handing over the glass as if nothing could be more natural. Nic had sat down again, her large breasts hanging over the table, and he went over to her with hers. I could see the crotch of the pants gradually becoming heavy and sagging, and the rear took on a sodden look under the plastic covering. From Nic’s expression, I could tell she had noticed too.

‘You’ve pissed yourself,’ she pointed out.

‘That’s what they’re for. And you can talk about pissing yourself.’

‘Well, I’m not waiting any longer.’ She spread her legs on the chair and her face took the distant look of someone who is listening to a far-off sound.

‘Oh! My goodness, it’s hot! The piss is soaking all over my stomach and bum!’ She was actually smiling now. ‘Oh wow!’ The relief in her voice was palpable.

‘Not all at once, mind,’ cautioned Mr Sadler. ‘You should probably stand up before it gets full.’

Nic obliged, the nappy wet nearly up to the waistband because the piss had been unable to soak into the thick pad between her legs. ‘That feels… very pleasant,’ she admitted. She poked the padding, watching how heavy and sodden it appeared, and how the pee sloshed around where it was oversaturated. ‘I’m going to piss again,’ she announced, and we could see the wetness grow in the bit between her legs and see it seep higher at the sides.

‘Don’t sit down again now,’ Mr Sadler warned. ‘You’ll squeeze it out and that will make it leak.’

‘I need a poop now,’ Nic declared.

‘Not in the kitchen!’ Mr Sadler said in alarm. ‘Hold on till you get to the toilet.’

That just left me. I was hopping from one foot to the other, but wasn’t in a huge hurry to wet myself, despite Nic’s obvious enjoyment. To be honest, holding was making me feel horny, and I rubbed the front of the padding, hoping to give myself a bit of a wank while making it just look as if I was exploring what the pads felt like. They were too thick for much effect, though.

‘Don’t all stare at me,’ I said caustically. ‘I’m not going to piss for your entertainment.’ I took the glass of orange and drank about half of it. Then I had to squeeze my thighs together and wind one leg round the other, and I realised I couldn’t hold much longer.

‘If you’re in that much pain, just let a bit out to take the pressure off. That way you won’t suddenly explode and piss too fast for the pants.’

I was still resisting the painful urge, though, my face screwed up with the effort. Nic actually laughed at me. All right for her, now she’d emptied herself out. When the spasm passed, I stood with my feet planted half a yard apart and relaxed my hold on my bladder for the first time since I’d woken up. A feeling of bliss flowed into me as I felt the warm piss flow out. It was like being in a hot bath filling rapidly. It bathed my pussy and rose up my front, wetting my pubic hair and my tummy, while a spearhead pushed up my bum crack in advance of the general advance up my rear. I think I actually sighed as I felt the ache in my bladder pour away.

I was so wrapped up in the feeling of blessed release that I totally forgot about just letting a bit out; I wanted it to never stop. There were drips running down my legs but I was oblivious. As the flow began to reach its end, several shudders ran through my body as I stood there, eyes closed. My bladder reached empty and I made a deep sigh both of contentment and relaxation, the feeling of well-being that follows a deep pain flooding along my limbs and through my body like the first drink of spirits on an evening.

It was Nic’s raucous cackle that brought me back to where I was and made me open my eyes.

‘That was your cum face then,’ she crowed. ‘You looked like you do during the big O, and you shook!’

‘I was just relaxing,’ I protested. ‘It was the relief and all the tension leaving me. You looked pretty gone out yourself,’ I said, attack ever the best form of defence.

‘No, it was definitely a cum face, that,’ she continued regardless.

‘You don’t know relaxation when you see it,’ I responded. I mean, I would never admit it to her, but actually it did feel very erotic. If I hadn’t opened my eyes just then I might have forgot myself and plunged a hand down the elasticated front of the pants to give myself a seeing to. I was that far gone. As it was, I just felt the pants on the outside, squashing them in various places to make the pee slosh around my privates, feeling the weight of the wetness in my hands and the heat it held. The liquid, creeping first up my front, then up my bum as I squeezed under my pussy, felt very sexy indeed, and I wanted to both pee again (if I’d had any left) and rub myself to a real orgasm – but with an audience, that was out of the question. I mean, Nic has seen me do it a few times, though only when she was banging a lad and I was joining in and couldn’t wait for him to do it for me. But Mr Sadler was nearly a stranger, and old enough to be my father. I mean, you don’t, do you?

Mr Sadler handed me a piece of kitchen paper from the roll on the wall and told me to dry my legs. I tell you, nothing escapes him. ‘You’d better go to the bathroom and take them off. Roll them up, fasten them with the tabs and put them in the bathroom bin. Wash yourselves in the basin; I don’t think there’s enough water for more showers. You can use the toilet if you want. I’ll clear up the kitchen and see whether your clothes are dry.’ With that he started taking crockery to the sink, unconcerned about the full pants, soggy around his bum. I couldn’t tell whether the bulge at the front was just saturated padding or something else. I don’t know much about old men, but he’d been together with two naked women all that time and never got a hard-on, unless you count what happened in the night. It was strange.

We did as instructed, the bin being the size of a kitchen bin with a liner in it. I looked inside and there were a couple of the sheets I had seen on the bed in it already. After washing we noticed our clothes had been spread on the bed in two piles ready for us, the jeans still hot and a bit damp at the waistband, but totally wearable. I thought it was interesting that he had separated out the two sets of clothes, and hadn’t mixed them up. I’ve known blokes who wouldn’t notice if you change your jeans to a dress, never mind remembering exactly whose top and panties are whose.

When we came down, the kitchen was clear, and Mr Sadler went up to deal with himself and dress, promising us a lift home. While he was gone, Nic and I talked quietly to one another.

‘God, this is all so weird. That guy is such a pervert,’ Nic was saying.

‘He seems kind, though.’

‘He was kind so he could watch us dying for a piss, you mean. He just point blank refused to let us use his toilet, both last night and this morning. It’s not normal.’

‘You seemed to be enjoying it, though. You loved the nappy thing just now.’

‘Not as much as you did! You fucking came when you pissed!’

‘I did not! I was relaxing!’ My voice was starting to get heated, but I heard Mr Sadler come out of the bathroom so we both went quiet. Only a few minutes later he came downstairs, hunted for his van keys, and said, ‘Shall we go?’

Mr Sadler opened the van and let us climb in while he unlocked the gate. With all three of us in the cab, me sandwiched between the other two, there was not much conversation on the journey. I don’t think Mr Sadler talks much unless he needs to; Nic and I wanted to discuss the events of the past night but couldn’t in front of him, so not much was said until we arrived.

Nic got out saying only, ‘Thanks for the lift. Goodbye,’ and hurrying to our front door.

‘Yes, thanks for washing our things, giving us bed and breakfast and the lift,’ I said, making up for Nic’s abruptness.

‘Is she upset, do you think?’ he asked.

‘I don’t know. I think she’s just embarrassed. She’s sensitive about being seen by the neighbours when she’s doing the walk of shame on a morning.’

‘Well, if you ever want to pop in again, you’re very welcome,’ he said.

‘Can I ask you something?’ I asked, and when he didn’t say no, continued, ‘You know last night when I peed the bed, it felt funny at first, like I was peeing but I wasn’t. Then I peed some more and that time I felt my bladder emptying too. Was that…’

‘Yes, that was me,’ he answered. ‘It got you started, didn’t it?’ And reaching into the glove compartment he found his business card and handed it to me. ‘It’s been a pleasure,’ he continued, ‘and if you ever want to repeat it, give me a call on this number.’ I think he knew about my not-an-orgasm in the kitchen. I tell you, nothing escapes him. Then I got out and he drove away without another glance.

© Mark S Halliday 2021

*004*2021-10-25 10:24

UnusualNight3.pdf

*005*2021-10-28 12:38

Hi guys, I have to admit that Chapter 2 has occasioned shock and disbelief in some quarters, Mr Sadler's actions towards two drunk girls, who could not give sober consent to what passed and who were pressured by their lack of clothing to remain in a house where they were deprived of the use of a bathroom, falling far short of the sort of behaviour one can admire or even tolerate. If my female readers cannot enjoy my work for that reason, then something must change. I do not, of course, condone what he did, and apologise if my depiction of the events appeared to suggest my approval. As a work in progress, I am open to all suggestions.

It seems to me there are three possible solutions to the impasse.

1. Change the story. The girls spend the night in his bed while he sleeps on the sofa. The next day he invites them to participate in a holding session over breakfast.

2. Place the events in the past, e.g. the Victorian era, (when things were so bad that railways had to operate segregated ladies' waiting rooms, so this kind of thing was current) and our swooning heroines barely escape with their honours intact, only participating to gain their freedom. No approval implied.

3. A compromise where events are placed in the past, but not too distantly so.

What would please, you, my public, the most?

Choosing the first variation would lead to quite a different story. The progression from something the girls had foisted on them but eventually came to enjoy would be lost, and pose the difficulty of Mr S persuading them to sample something they had never tried and would probably be against at first.

The second also means considerable changes. Absorbent pants were not in existence, for example, and there were no buses. New explanations/reasons for the girl's eventual predicament would have to be found.

The third would take less re-writing, which, ever the lazy writer, appeals to me. And placing the events in, say, the mid-1980s is not too far from the sort of thing I had in mind when writing it anyway. A few tweaks should make it work. I have worked that up in the version attached below by introducing an 'author' figure who has written the story based on Sandra's contemporaneous audio diary. This gives a certain distance: he can express his disapproval of Mr S's actions and provide some historical context -- not to somehow imply that it was ever acceptable, but to show why the girls may not have been so surprised or shocked as we might be, and prepare the reader. His rather pedantic, cultured 'voice' provides contrast with the lasses' patois, and some humour as well. He primarily provides a Foreword, with a footnote or two in the main text. Sorry, no omo content in the new section, but hopefully you will enjoy...

UnusualNight4.pdf

*007*2021-10-29 19:08

{{2 hours ago, LifeIsStrange said:

I think changing the setting to the 80s makes the most sense.

}}

Cheers for that. Feedback is great! I am still waiting for reaction from person who raised the issue, but I actually think it makes the story better, though at the expense of delaying readers for two pages before the 'good stuff' starts. Don't know how many will simply skip it.

*008*2022-04-24 15:21

I know it's been a long time. Busy at work etc. Finally added another two chapters, and there are more on the way. The version below replaces all the others. (Please regard the two chapters above as drafts. They give you the flavour of the story, but I suggest you read the revised and polished one attached as a PDF.) No need for reader to re-read the early chapters, however, unless you want to.

All comments, suggestions etc. welcomed

%UnusualNight5.pdf

*009*2022-05-02 12:00

And now Chapter 5...

The story so far: Sandra and Nicola go for Saturday night drinks in town. Over-indulgence and bad judgement results in a serious wetting, and they are forced to call on an old acquaintance for help. This older man washes their clothes and gives them a bed for the night, but also introduces them to the joys of omo, including bed-wetting and peeing in plastic pants. Although she enjoys it at the time, Nicola feels embarrassed in retrospect, but Sandra returns for more, and she and Mr Sadler wet each another's clothes before changing and heading into town so Sandra can indulge her new-found pee exhibitionism.

%UnusualNight6.pdf

*010*2022-05-10 10:36

Chapter 5 left our heroine in something of a predicament. So you are probably desperate (no, not that sort of desperate) to learn what happens next and resolve the cliffhanger. So please find attached Chapter 6.

As before, no material changes to the storyline in previous chapters so no need to re-read, though I did insert this into chapter 2:

She didn’t ask about the toilet; whereas the first thing I would do after getting up on a morning was to have a pee, Nic usually left it till she’d had a cup of tea. You notice little things like that when you’re a housemate.

This makes no difference to Chapter 2 but prepares for events in Chapter 6. It's the sort of thing that makes the reader think the author is a genius when you read the completed novel for the first time. But by writing this 'out in the open' so to speak, the illusion is shattered and it's obvious I'm tweaking and having afterthoughts as I go along. A propos -- you, gentle reader, have the advantage of seeing the story take shape and reading it before anyone else. In turn, I hope that you will alert me to any faults or errors that have escaped my notice. I spotted 'talked to the sideboard' rather than walked somewhere in chap 2 the other day, which the spelling checker was fine with despite its making no sense. Or obviously the wrong sense anyway. Or actually funnier than what I meant. Please PM me if you come across any others.

Unlike previous chapters, which seemed to write themselves, this one was more effort, mostly I think because I had the dialogue worked out in my mind but didn't have time for writing, and when I did makes some notes I had forgotten most of it. And even then, things took a different path to my notes when I got to write it down. But I think it has turned out alright in the end, though it is officially still a draft and I could change things. I also didn't go quite as far as my notes suggested, leaving things again on a bit of a cliffhanger.

Which leads us to where the story goes from here. I won't discuss in detail yet because of spoilers, but should I leave it where it ends now, like the bus hanging over the cliff at the end of The Italian Job, or continue and see what becomes of Nic, Will and the others? At 26½ thousand words, it can still just about qualify as a short story. If I go on there will be the whole issue of the relationship between the protagonists to sort out (which could be interesting) and a risk the wetting scenes will eventually become repetitive.

But more on that next week. Feel free to drop your suggestions in though!

%UnusualNight7.pdf

*012*2022-05-20 12:30

I feel a need to update the tags for this story, as it has expanded beyond its original brief. It is a weakness of the system that you can't edit them once set. So here:

* female * male * desperation * couldn't hold it * heavy wetting * public * pants * diapers * knickers * panties * skirt * golden showers (fully clothed) * naked * sex

Chapter 6's ending has been altered. I felt it was confusing rather than intriguing, so I have tried to leave it open-ended but not so much so that the reader would go, 'What's happening?' The writing has been improved in various places too. At least re-read the last page of 6.

I had a lot of possible ideas for Chap 7, so there is still a possibility I might tear it down and rewrite it, but not very likely at this point. This one is basically a desperation chapter. I am glad I didn't post it last night, as I nearly did. Without giving away too many spoilers, there were two problems to solve: firstly, how Nic consented to do something she was dead against, which hopefully was solved by the first draft; and secondly, what Will's motivation was. Today's tweaking should make the reasons for his participation, and some of Sandra's reasoning, more explicit, so hopefully it will be a good read that is credible and doesn't raise too many questions.

And again, the future direction is very open. At over 30,000 words, officially too long for a short story, it is knocking on the upper limit for a novella, though lacking in the complexity you would expect from a novel. So reluctant to extend it indefinitely.

A new departure is adding a couple of illustrations. As I found the photos on the Internet, they will definitely disappear again in the future, and in any case are only to give the flavour of what I am describing, not a literal representation. I don't think the lasses depicted at the end of chap 5 would be too happy, ahem.

%UnusualNight8.pdf

*013*2022-05-21 21:41

Apologies to the 6 people who downloaded the last version, but here is an update. There are up to 57 edits, mostly minor, tightening up the text, correcting the odd error, and re-writing a paragraph in Chap 7. Also added another illustration, which might be described as a rather pornographic picture of a young lady's bottom. If you don't like that sort of thing in your text, please wait for the next revision. No significant new material, however.

UnusualNight8b.pdf

