Devilish boy holds up the women’s line

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2019-03-18 20:44

Hi everyone. So I have started a line waiting story and really like it. Chapter one will be posted soon but here’s the synopsis: Natalia gets up from the dinner table with a bladder ready to explode! As she approaches the bathroom in her aunts house, her cousin Jasper is washing his hands, saying he’ll only be a moment. The sight of running water not only tortures Natalia, but other girls (and a couple guys) from the neighborhood party who make their way to the bathroom only to have their bladders ache in line from seeing the faucet run. Who will make it? Can Natalia hold it? Who will face epic shame and humiliation walking back into a party with soaked pants? Get ready! 100% fiction

*001*2019-03-19 15:53

Chapter 1

Natalia was kind of a big girl, but cute. The weight looked kind of good on her. She was tall and her hips were short round on the edges and followed down her long legs. Her tight white t-shirt was extra fitted on her thanks to the summer sweat around her body. Her black hair tied up, and she took a final sip of her glass of water that followed the ice coffee she had before onto her system. Flowing, filling . She sat in the huge neighborhood party at her Aunt Dana’s house with one leg crossed slightly over the other. As Billy from down the street started speaking about his swim team at their college, Natalia felt a large pulse rock her belly and make it ache.

She bit the corner of her lip as the pressure became intense, and an ocean of hot pee tried breaking free from the tight hold of her crossed legs keeping her crotch shut. Her dark blue sweatpants allowed some breeze between her legs, but the cold air also caused a little shiver that threatened to open up her legs.

She came from a bit family. Lots of divorces and second and third cousins, such as Jasper. Recently graduated high school and noticed Natalia squirm in her seat a little. His heart raced as his hormones went off. He also noticed his guy friend Joe, a tall and thin but muscular polish guy who wore black sweat shorts that showed off his nice runner calf’s in his blue flip flops. Joe sat with his girlfriend and Jasper noticed his legs shaking. Joe also grabbed his crotch every now and again . Someone had too much water. That’s when the devil took over and he went off.

Natalia meanwhile only lasted another ten minutes before the pulses in her bladder became harsh and constant. Her legs were crossed so tight her legs hurt and started to cramp, and she was squirming so much in her seat that she worried something embarrassing may happen. Her beverages were really battling on who would get to be peed out first.

“Excuse me,” she said. But her mom grabbed her arm.

“Where you going?”

“I...uh” Natalia thoughts trailed off as her foot tapped really needing to leave. “Just going to talk to some friends.” Like that, she was off.

Natalia let out a breath of relief “Thank God.” She said. She really felt ready to blow. She squirmed each time she was forced to make through a crowd of neighbors. Hoping the bathroom was unoccupied . She made her way upstairs, saw the bathroom door open, smiled, and even grabbed the ends of her sweatpants ready to pull them down once in there...”what the?” She stopped in her tracks, frozen as her heart skipped a beat.

Jasper was in the bathroom, and he turned on the sink...

To be continued

*003*2019-03-20 02:37

Thank you

*004*2019-03-21 20:28

Chapter 2

Joes ankles crossed and his feet shook. He felt a hot, pressure push inside of his bladder and made him very uncomfortable. “Errg,” he moaned, closing his eyes for a minute to regain focus. He felt his penis expanding he had to pee so bad, and with a full bladder getting even a little horny made him stiff. “I’ll be right back,” he said.

@@but his girlfriend pulled him right back down. “Not yet. Mr and Mrs Smith are getting to the best part of their story just wait.”

With his ankles crossed his legs pushed together, his knees rubbing over each other. As someone came over to pour drinks he couldn’t help but look away.

”What are you doing?” Natalia asked in a little of a snotty tone.

”I felt my hands were dirty and needed to wash them. I’m ocd like that you know?” Jasper was so turned on.

”Well I gotta use the bathroom,” Natalia said placing her hands on her hips.

”Just Wait a minute!” Jasper said as he continued to wash his hands in the running sink.

Natalia couldn’t help but cross her legs, one foot held up on its toes as she looked away trying to ignore the painful sight of the water making her on instinct want to pee SO BAD! She kept her legs tight to close up her crotch like a dam holding back a flood. Feeling as if a boxer was punching around her insides as she felt the dread of each massive pulse.

“Eeeeee!” She moaned quietly. Her lips trembled as a drop of sweat came down the side of her face.

Joe meanwhile was ready to blow! His wiener shook and his legs were crossed tight clamping his wiener closed and pushing back the dam to hold his flood inside. He grabbed his crotch and realized it was getting really bad now!

“Sorry honey,” he said in a strainer voice. His bladder in so much agony as it stretched more than a bladder should. He got up and squirmed a sprint to the bathroom. To his horror Natalia was waiting desperately...with three others behind her as well.

To be continued

*007*2019-03-24 22:08

Chapter 3

“Ooooooh JUST MY LUCK!” Joe yelled in a moan of agony as his bladder fired off one pulse after the other, banging to get out. His bladder thinking moments ago it would get relief, would not stop that feeling and was trying to let go despite all of Joe’s might!

His hard sexy calf’s flexed as his legs pushed tight together trying to seal up the dam that was breaking down.

At the front of the line was Natalia who still had her hands on her hips and legs crossed while shaking back and forth sweating, her nipples piercing her tight white t shirt.

Behind her was Chris. A thin but tan muscular lad with tight jeans, sneakers but no shirt. He pushed back his brown hair while bouncing in place, his shirt off due to how hot it was outside and all the water he drank was fighting for release.

Behind him was Amanda who was in tight latex short shorts and a white hoodie. Her long leg out foot tapping trying to ignore the running sink. “Is he serious?!” She said in a moan, pointing to Jasper in the bathroom who showed no care for the torment the others outside faced.

Behind Amanda and in front of Joe now was Emma. A short but hot blonde wearing jean blue short shorts and a black t shirt. She held the side of her hips as her feet paced back and forth, one leg out in front of the other and so on over and over. Her bladder was VERY small.

Those poor five people could barely keep it together and hold still to remain dignity. Jasper wasn’t letting up on washing his hands which he’d be doing for five minutes now. Boy that line built up fast!

“F-f-for cr-crying our loud,” Joe moaned at the back of the line, in shock when he saw Jasper washing his hands, splashing then water everywhere and how everyone just stood there. Poor Joe had his legs tightly crossed and held onto his wiener so hard as his whole body shook uncontrollably from a bladder ready to pop.

“Why can’t you do this in the kitchen sink!” Natalia asked aggressively as her bladder stretched well past it’s limits.

“Just hold on!” Jasper said, shaking from being turned on so much from all the desperate people. But seeing them all squirm now he knew he couldn’t keep this up.

He turned off the sink, and just when everyone thought relief was on its way and they all let out a fresh breath, Jasper slammed the bathroom door and said, “Stomach hurts! Give me a minute!”

To be continued

