Not wanting to use a portaloo

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2022-02-14 23:09

I emailed Tim an update on the candidates and we both agreed that Sid sounded the most likely, though you never really know how someone will be at interview do you? Between us we whittled it down to four hopefuls from over 30 applicants.

“Do you think the clients will relate ok to a man? You know as well as I do that it’s predominantly older woman who purchase from us. I don’t know why but I’m a little wary of their reaction to a late twenties male though he has ticked that he’s married so perhaps I’m being a little too hasty. I guess we give him a go and monitor it, assuming the interview goes well. On paper he’s most definitely the best of the bunch though.”

I agree to send off the emails to the four we have chosen and check my diary for interview times. I need this person started and trained quickly with planning permission now granted and work due to commence within the next month we should already be selling off plan.

Person 1 is a no show. Maybe they didn’t get the email, though I did make sure to get a read receipt? I’ve no time to chase them up sadly. Candidate two was ok, nervous of course, and quiet, and I honestly couldn’t image them alone in a sales office being heard over the building work. Possible, but highly unlikely. Person three was late, not a good start, and already announced she had a holiday booked right at the time I predicted peak sales. How to piss me off right from the offset.

Then there was Sid. I’d left him to last for a reason. I figured if he was half as good as his CV I could offer the job then and there.

The door knocked confidently. Good start. I looked up from the desk and there she stood. Yes Sid was in fact Sidney and there was absolutely no mistaking her sexuality seeing her in the flesh! Warm looking, safe. Confident but not arrogant. Smiling, striding towards me with an arm out forcing me to look at her hand. Except it wasn’t her hand I was drawn to! Fucking hell there’s seriously no doubting she’s all woman, in every way. Mentally slapping myself and forcing my head to raise back to her face I smile and shake her hand.

I reckon I’m more nervous than she is and I can’t ignore the fact that while her answers sound perfect her body language and her clothing and…well her larger than average breasts and shapely figure to be precise, draw me and I know that I’m drooling like a dog on heat even thought I’m trying hard not to. I can’t help it! In my defence I haven’t had sex with anyone since I split with Annie and the DIY way just isn’t the same.

She’s got the job. I think I’ll hold back on telling Tim that she’s actually female. He can get a surprise then just as I did. It’s not like he’s planning on coming to the area any time soon anyway. Not unless by some miracle we break company records on sales. The North never does. Can’t really compete with sunny retirement towns like Worthing can we?

###

Sid lives up to my expectations in more ways than 1. I’m still talking strictly work here ok! She’s organised, independent and a great worker. She returns my emails promptly, does an amazing job of making the office look warm, inviting and homely and she’s an instant hit with the old dears. That’s what matters most really here at McCarthy and Stone. We build and sell retirement flats so working and selling to the retired and semi retired is our bread and butter. We’ve still not even finished the show flat when Sid has already sold our first flat! That’s impressive.

I am seldom around as much as I’d like though and even when I am on site it’s mainly in my role as area manager to oversee the project management and make sure everything is going well. Sid works in the sales office. I say office but think small detached garage and you’d get a better idea. Carpeted, heated, pot plants and posh seating for the clients type garage but the second these flats all have sold signs up it’ll be back to the basic scooter shed or storage shed within a day. That’s how we work. She has electricity, of course, and broadband, and an area with all she needs to cook and wash basic things.

Anything using a kettle or microwave really. Oh and she has an abundance of fresh water from the water cooler. There’s no toilet in the office though. Sid was fine with that. She’d done two years with Persimmon before (poor sod) so knew how this sort of thing worked. She’s free to use the portaloos set up for the builders anytime, well anytime there’s no potential clients in the office that is. Once the first few patrons move in she can, of course, pop over to the flats and use the loos in the communal areas on the ground floor. That won’t be for a good few months yet though in this build.

So that was all, I guess, to justify and give some background to the day last week I had reason to spend most of the day in the sales office in Gatesford.

I arrived promptly at 9 to find Sid already there making herself a mug of tea and popping something into what looked like a toaster. I never even knew she had one in here! I give the customary morning greeting, transfixed by her bottom as she leans over to butter whatever it is that’s just popped out the toaster. It doesn’t smell much like toast as I step a little closer, anxious to keep a professional distance from her not just because it’s right but because I daren’t allow her to see my upper trousers. Fuck she’s absolutely stunning, especially from behind!

I set up my laptop at a table behind where she’s sitting, facing sideways simply for convenience mostly to get the charging lead to fit. I reassure Sid I’m here mostly to check on building progress but that I do need to go through some sales with her later this afternoon. She doesn’t seem put off by my presence which is a huge relief.

I spend the morning meeting with the site manager, touring the build so far, checking plans again and again and taking photos for my records. The frame of the building is already in place with retainer walls complete, outside walls built and the building watertight. It’s all, this far at least, going to schedule. I glance over a few times to the office seeing people going in and even notice Sid holding a car door open as one couple leave. At least she’s busy which is great. I pop back into the detached one room building come office at lunch finding Sid back over by the table making more tea and offering me some too. I notice there’s some empty water cooler cups on her desk too. It turns out she’s a genius at tea making too! I open a pack of shop bought sandwiches chatting to Sid while she eats lunch brought from home. She’s made yet another sale this morning. I’m seriously impressed!

As she picks up some paperwork from her desk I watch as she stands and walks towards me. Her black high heeled shoes clicking on the carpeted floor, I look down at them then follow up her flesh coloured tights from her shapely calves onto her fitted skirt then to her womanly hips, her vast and glorious breasts accentuated by a tight fitted Lycra and lace trimmed top and finally to her warm and slightly flushed face. She hands me the papers and I turn to lay them on the table hearing her heels clicking again on the floor and assuming she’s walking back to her seat. In fact she’s still standing right behind me as I turn again and smile up to her as I notice her legs are moving hence why her shoes are clicking on the floor. Whilst I haven’t yet looked at the sales sheet I still feel I should comment.

“You’re on a roll Sid. The show flat isn’t even built and that’s you sold…what four flats already? That’s seriously brilliant. Well done. You’re a natural.”

“I enjoy it. Probably the best job I’ve had I reckon. It’s nice working on my own all day. No-one to steal your thunder if you know what I mean.”

“I know exactly what you mean.”

“At Persimmon I was scared to leave the office even to pee! It was common for the others to just freely nick your sales sheets and put then through as their own. Such a relief to be out of there I can tell you.”

“That’s awful! You haven’t had any hassle from the guys on site here or anything have you? I did ask Dave but he reckons they never see you?”

“I prefer to just stay here all shift. Don’t want to risk missing potential clients now do I? And the ground isn’t exactly suitable for these heels either.”

I guess I should have realised then how significant that comment was but I never really thought about it. Not until after lunch anyway.

###-

After we’ve finished eating and had another cuppa I turn to Sid who is back at her desk and hesitantly ask if she’s been shown how to change the interior designs to each customer’s wishes. She goes quiet which I take as a no, already aware really that I have yet to show her this as I needed confirmation from the project manager as to what he’d sourced for this particular site.

I wave Sid over as I load the relevant page onto my laptop.

“Best bring your seat over to save you standing.”

“It’s fine. I sit most of the day anyway.”

Having her stand right beside me, her flesh tights right by my knees and her breasts leaning over my desk I have to steady my breathing just to stay calm. She’s like a goddess but I know I mustn’t act on anything no matter how much I long to. She’s inquisitive and enthusiastic but I notice she has one leg rubbing the other from below the knee and she’s not totally relaxed.

“So how do I get onto here when I’m with a client?”

I offer to show her how to log into the site by returning to her desk. This time she’s seated and while I talk her through passwords and things I notice she’s moving on her chair, adjusting her skirt and so forth, basically fidgeting around like she’s nervous with me being so close. I’m sweating too which isn’t helping. I have to force myself not to stare at her chest which lures me like it’s a necessity for my very next breath. God she’s beautiful! All woman for sure!

She’s a quick learner so when a couple pop in to enquire I return to my own temporary desk at the back and leave her to work her magic. It helps to hide my embarrassing erection too thankfully! Listening to her talking, building up an instant rapport with the couple, even laughing naturally I have to press on my thigh to push my growing excitement away. This isn’t good…well it’s very good but you know what I mean! It’s her shoes I keep hearing even though I’m deliberately not looking.

The clicking on the carpet and the quiet rubbing against her tights. I have to see her as I walk to the printer but I regret it instantly. She on her chair, tightly crossed legged, one arm wrapped around her top knee, leaning forward on her chair, sounding professional but actually looking quite uncomfortable. As I take my printout back to my desk I notice my empty mug and decide to move it to make more room for my papers. As I walk over to the sink I notice the amount of dirty mugs, glance back at Sid and suddenly have this crazy thought: is she needing the ladies?

That thought consumes me as I hear a chair move on the carpet and automatically turn thinking the couple are leaving. In fact they are still very much there but it’s Sid’s chair I can hear as she appears to be restless and all over the place. She looks stressed and uncomfortable and I feel drawn to check she’s ok. Like she suddenly senses my concern she mutters my name and I instantly head over, standing beside her as she sits and looking at her screen. My eyes can’t help but notice how she’s sitting with one hand pushing on the top of her skirt and the other on the keyboard as she wriggles on her seat as if it’s suddenly made of lava and burning her bottom.

I see her issue right away as she’s mistakenly put a capital letter in the password when it’s all lowercase. I then look at the couple and apologise as I notice the wife checking her watch.

“That’s you Sid. Anything else I can help you with?”

I’m now convinced she’s really needing a break for the loo so kind of wonder if she’ll excuse herself to the portaloo and let me help the couple for a few minutes. Instead the older lady stands up and tugs at her husband.

“I really must apologise. We have a grandson to pick up from school and unfortunately I hadn’t noticed the time there. We are still interested though if you could call and book us an appointment to talk about the finer details soon. Sorry again.”

As they leave I look at Sid, getting full eye contact for the first time all day which instantly sets my heart racing.

“Hope that wasn’t me coming over that caused their suddenly disappearing act”, I joke.

Sid smiles.

“Probably more my very unprofessional fidgeting around. I’m never like this honestly Mr Brown!”

“It’s fine Sid. My presence appears to make a lot of people nervous unfortunately. I’m not scary really though. Honestly.”

“It’s not you.” I hear her mutter quietly. “Too much tea to blame. Definitely not you.”

Well if ever I was in doubt I have it confirmed for sure now. As gorgeous as she is though I’m not going to be responsible for anything untoward. That I can leave safely in my imagination as always.

“I can stay here if you’re needing a comfort break. It’s not a problem.”

That’s when she turns on her seat, her hand still pressing on the top of her skirt, her legs anything but still.

“You know I’ve never actually used that portaloo once since I started. Just the thought of it puts me off.”

“You haven’t once been to the toilet in all your time here?”

The words are out before I can even stop myself. The very thought of that drives me sexually crazy with arousal but I have to hold back. It’s grossly unprofessional for starters and bordering on harassment. But fuck I’m so horny it’s getting harder and harder to hide it! I have to turn so she can’t see my front as I face my laptop sweating.

“I just sort of imagined it being…you know..smelly, dirty, muddy. I don’t know. I’ve never actually used any portaloo at all to be honest. I’ll just wait until I get home like I always do. I’ll be fine.”

It seems insensitive and wrong to say any more so I nod and sit down to force myself to work again. It’s pretty futile though as I keep hearing those shoes again, and now the noise of her fidgeting on her chair and tiny, almost unnoticeable, gasps that send shivers right through me. I mustn’t look at her but I can’t help myself as I turn hoping she doesn’t notice as I watch her from behind as she bounces in her seat typing. God people like me would happily pay to watch this! It’s like gold dust and here I am actually in the very room experiencing it first hand! I can tell you it’s way way better than I ever imagined. Fucking amazing to be honest!

My eyes are blurry, my head consumed with thoughts I shouldn’t be having but which have overridden my sense of self control and professionalism. I’ve been sitting here hard for so long my dick is aching for release. I feel I should say something, help her, ease my conscience as much as possible. It’s at least twenty minutes now since she commented about waiting but from the noises I can hear behind me, the huffing and clicking of high heels and the heavy breathing (which might actually be my own) she’s clearly very bursting. I turn my laptop off and pack it away as I stand up and walk towards the door of the office looking right at Sid.

“I’m heading away now. Look it’s fine if you want to go a bit early. You’ve more than earned it. I can even walk you to the portaloo if you’d like. I hope you don’t mind me saying but you look…”

“Oh Mr Brown that’s ever so sweet of you. I think I will take you up on that offer if that’s ok. I’ll make up the extra half hour tomorrow for you. I really can’t concentrate to be honest anyway.”

Of course I assume she’s meaning me walking her to the portaloo so I hang around waiting while she tidies up and turns off her computer. I can’t help but sneakily glance at her dancing and leaning on her desk, her very ample breasts bouncing around as her body twists and bounces. I’m getting even harder now so I open the glass door and step outside to wait though for some reason it doesn’t fully shut and I can hear Sid moaning as she does her final checks.

“Shouldn’t have had so much tea. God I’m so bursting!”

I bite my lip and push my laptop bag over the front of my crotch. I so badly need to cum but right now that’s totally out of the question. I’ll save that for the hotel room I’m going to very shortly. It really can’t come quick enough!

Sid comes out turning to lock the door and dancing from foot to foot on those amazing high heels of hers.

“Oh sorry Mr Brown. I thought you’d already gone.”

I’m flustered and longing to kiss this girl so much. But I mustn’t. I absolutely mustn’t.

“Sorry. Sorry. I thought you said you wanted me to show you where the portaloo is…I…I…”

Her body is moving fast in such contrast to her timid slow speech. Looking down at my feet she whispers breathlessly.

“Is it..is it clean?”

“It was when I used it this morning.”

“I am really desperate but I just don’t know.”

“Do you live far?”

“Not far thankfully. Just a couple of miles. Just before the industrial estate. Hopefully the bus will be here shortly. I’ll just wait and go at home. I’ll be fine. Thanks for offering though.”

“Would it help if I dropped you home? I’m going that way anyway. I’m in the Hilton in the estate.”

“Only if you’re sure.”

###-

What was I fucking thinking? As Sid steps into the front passenger seat of my Audi I take a snapshot with my eyes knowing this very image will carry me sexually to climax and beyond. Sid steps in gracefully immediately sitting right back in the seat and tensing her back leaning forwards.

“This is very kind of you Mr. Brown. Thank you.”

“It’s no problem Sid. Honestly. I am going this way anyway. Just tell me directions as we go. I assume it’s left out of here to begin with.”

“Yes. Yes that’s right.”

I turn out of the building site and onto the main road hearing my own heart beat loudly in my ears. My hands are sweating on the steering wheel and my thighs are shaking.,I hope beyond hope that she can’t see my erection in my dark work suit trousers. The last thing I need right now is any accusations made against me!

“Thank you so much for this. I would have struggled waiting on the bus.”

“Mmm”

What must I sound like? There’s so much I want to say to that. So much I want her to elaborate on but I just can’t ask. In fact if she said too much I might make my trousers warm even whilst driving! It’s the sounds that are still doing it to me. Her thighs rubbing together, her shoes clicking against each other, her small whimpers under her breath.

“It’s left at the lights thanks.’

I stop at the red light and can’t help but glance over at her. Her face is flushed and her hair damp at the face, her lips taut and her forehead creased. I swallow hard and dare to comment.

“You must need to go so badly after all that tea.”

“Oh you have no idea! I feel like I might explode any minute here! Come on lights! After you pass the Maiden Head pud it’s first right after that. Just drop me there if that’s ok and I’ll be fine. Thanks so much for this.”

I follow her directions but just as she says I can pull in I genuinely can’t find anywhere to do so that’s safe. I’m sure Sid can see this too as she sighs quietly and suggests I pull into the bus stop.

“I know you’re not meant to but I’ll jump out quick. Thanks again. Have a good night.”

I do exactly as she says and indicate to pull into the bus stop keeping my hazard lights on just in case. Sid opens the passenger door and leans out with one leg turning to talk quietly to me and pulling the door back slightly for privacy.

“I hope your seat is ok. I’m afraid I leaked a little on the journey here. I’m ever so sorry. Please let me know if you want me to pay to get the seat cleaned. I really need to go. God I’m dying for the loo so much!”

I sit there with my heart beating, my hands sweating, my face flushed and my mouth open. As I watch her waddle down the street out of sight squeezing her thighs together and hearing those amazing high heels clicking on the pavement I slip my left hand over to the seat she’s just left. It’s warm, and a little damp. It’s all I can do to hold off until I get into my hotel room!

The second I walk in that door I flop onto the bed, sliding my shoes and trousers off and close my eyes to replay my entire day from lunchtime onwards stroking and fondling myself and desperately trying to hold off exploding until I have revelled in every last detail of Sid’s spectacular squirming. Minutes after I climax my phone beeps with an email.

“Mr Brown,

Thanks ever so much for the ride home and I am truly sorry if your seat got a little damp. I must hold back on the tea! Anyway, as I said if you wish to get the seat cleaned I am happy to pay. Next time you are in the sales office I should really get you to show me that portaloo. My husband wasn’t at all impressed at the state I arrived home in! Thanks again for the lift,

Sidney Matthews.”

There’s no way she’s paying a penny to clean that seat. It was only a little damp and more than worth it anyway. At the rate she’s selling our flats I reckon I’ll be back it’s Gatesford very soon. Hopefully before the show flat and communicate areas are built so I can take her up on that offer to show her the portaloo. Until then the thought that she’s going all day without peeing has me rock hard…again!

Room service again tonight it is!

####

*002*2022-02-15 09:01

Rereading this I must apologise for not proof reading the final part! Towards the end there’s way too many wrong words and spelling errors but in my defence I had one hand wedged into my crotch and I was rocking so much on my first and leaking wee as I typed as I’d had two mugs of tea and drank a full bottle of water while writing! By the time I got to the end I was seriously struggling to wait just like Sid!

Now if only someone had been watching and enjoying it like Mr Brown mmmm

*006*2022-02-15 10:34

{{1 hour ago, wannawatch said:

If you're ever going to film one of those desperate writing sessions, I'm convinced a lot of us would be watching with the same excitement as this Mr. Brown..

For now I've just been dreaming my own image with your story.

}}

Now if there was somewhere I could upload such a video I would happily share. I like to empathise truly with my characters you see as I feel it really helps me get the right words and actions if I’m in the same position they are.

*009*2022-02-15 12:38

{{8 minutes ago, omocbc said:

I mean, you can upload videos here in the forum

}}

Only very short ones sadly. It takes me up to an hour to write a good story

*012*2022-02-15 14:58

{{Just now, rebeljaffa said:

I think this is my favourite scenario of all time! I've always had a thing for the no loo at work, or no loo that someone is prepared to use, leading to a she's holding it all day situation. I can imagine it happening, I can think of people who have done it, I'm sure it happens a lot, actually. The setting and the writing is extremely realistic and so I loved this story at least 200 percent!

}}

Thank you.

*014*2022-02-15 16:53

{{19 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

Wow @Mbgpeelover

I don’t know if you realise just what a talent you have as this is just an amazing story. In some ways I even love how it leaves us all wanting more with our not knowing what happened after she got out of the car as it fits the narrative so well. You are amazing and this story is close to perfect so thank you so much… and then reading just how desperate it got you writing it is extra exciting for me

}}

Thank you. It’s always good to keep some intrigue about a story and let the reader fill in parts whilst providing enough to satisfy. I love writing things like this and have some more ideas I’ll be posting soon.

Your kind comments mean such a lot to me. I’m a huge believer that if a story brings me pleasure then it might just bring some to others too. Hearing I have achieved that is like the holy grail. So glad you enjoyed it.

*016*2022-02-15 22:04

{{58 minutes ago, ola93 said:

Yet another awesome story of yours I truly loved, @Mbgpeelover

.

I have to say that just like wannawatch and omocbc and probably many others I'd love to watch one of these desperate writing sessions of yours, that is if and only if you're willing to film and share something like that off course. As stated above, sharing such a large video in the downloads section on here should work fine.

}}

Oh I would be very happy, delighted even, to share provided I can find a way to do it as I wrote on an iPad which is also what I would use to record. I’ll have a think and see what I can come up with though.

*018*2022-02-16 12:02

{{1 hour ago, Rexone_312 said:

I found your story in my feed and you're just like always - one of the greatest writers of omorashi. You made my day

Such a hot and yet realistic scenario after such a long time.

}}

Thank you. For about five months there I was writing a novel on here daily hence why such a lack of other stories. Back to short stories for a bit now so hopefully more that you’ll enjoy.

*020*2022-02-16 19:49

{{1 hour ago, holdit247 said:

That's so true, and what I try to do with my own writing, which is so inferior to yours. You have a great imagination, superb writing style and we all want more, please. With video recording of you doing it, clearly

}}

Aww thank you! I actually love reading so many other stories on here, including yours, so never put yourself down. I’m working on my next story right now and still thinking about the practicalities of filming myself as I write. I promise as soon as I work out the logistics I’ll post a link.

*022*2022-02-17 08:51

{{2 hours ago, Drip said:

That was a brilliant story, you have a serious talent for describing and emphasizing actions and thoughts. Thank you so much for sharing your work with us!

}}

Thank you. I love writing and especially in this unique genre

