Jenny And her friend Sara - Page 2

*027*2019-11-09 16:23

During the time their mothers discovered they could start to be pee buddys. The two girls was walking in a small wooded area talking. Before they left Jenny´s house. They washed of the pee and changed clothes. Jenny was wearing a white skirt, blue t-shirt and white panties. And Sara also in in a skirt but it was blue. She choosed a green t-shirt and light blue panties. They both thought it would be better to talk in private so a walk was a good excuse.

- So how do you feel about us? I mean we went from friends to a couple fairly quickly. Jenny asked.

- Well even if we became a couple quickly. It just feels right. That´s why I never stopped you when you started to touch me. I was surprised of course. But it just feelt like it was the right thing to do. I love to be with you.

- Aw so sweet. Thanks. I can do nothing but agree. When we showered together it was like a dream and I just couldn´t stop myself. I needed to touch you. So I took the risk of losing you as my friend.

- Well that risk wasn´t that big. Even if I didn´t like your touch. I would never end our friendship because of that.

Jenny smiled and leent in to kiss her lover. They kissed and Jenny´s hand search it´s way up Sara´s leg. All the way up to her panties. One finger went inside her panties before the hand went back down her leg.

- Later we will go all the way. But now is not the right time or place for it. Jenny said teasing her lover.

- I´m looking forward to it. Sara replayed with a big smile.

- So am I. And speaking of something completely different. What do you think our mothers say to each other now when you wet yourself on purpose in front of her?

- Well it was just my bikini. And she looked like she wasn´t mad about it at all. So I think it will be okay. But the will probably talk about how you and your mum started. Well how your mum started at least.

- Yeah I think your right. But I think my mum can explain it in a good way for your mum.

- It´s funny that the three of us started to do this. All because we wet our beds and then shared a shower. Where we touched each other and also peed. The best shower in my life. And also the one that changed it. From now on I will always pee through my bikini when I wear it and I can get away with it. And I will never hesitate to pee in the shower when we take one together.

- I can almost promise that I will always pee in the shower when we share one. And if I see you are peeing. You will feel my hand between your legs from time to time.

- Stop it. You make me wet just thinking about it. Sara said and laughed.

- Wow. I´m looking forward to feel that and to make you cum. But now all this talk about pee has made me have to go.

- Me too. Fortunately we are in the woods so we can just go a bit of the trail and squat.

- I´m not bothering with that. I will just stand here and pee. No one can see us.

- So you are going to wet your panties? Sara asked a bit shocked.

- Yeah. Why not? It´s not that big of a differens from bikini panties. Except the material.

- And it´s normal clothes you are wetting.

- I don´t care. I want to do it and it´s summer. They will be dry soon anyway.

- Okay you convinced me. Just because I want to try it as well now.

- Haha I think you wanted to try it as soon I said it, if not before.

- Maybe. Sara said and started to laugh.

- And now let us try it and see if we like it just as much as going through our bikinis.

- So part your legs a bit and just let it go?

- No I will just stand like we did while talking. It will probably go down our legs a lot. But I like that feeling so it will just make it better.

- Sounds good. Sara said and smiled.

Seconds later Jenny could feel her panties started to get wet when her pee started to come out. Sara started short after her. Both started to feel the warm feeling go down their legs. This was great. Even better then pee through their bikinis. Probably because this was more naughty. You should not wet your panties and like it in most people´s eyes. Just when the girls started to let it go so their streams was easily seen going down their legs. What feelt like out of nowhere a girl in I green summer dress came walking. The girl looked like she was around Jenny and Saras age but it was hard to tell.

She was a brunette and shoulder length hair. Both Sara and Jenny feelt embarrassed to be standing there and wet themselves. The girl can´t miss what they are doing. And that was confirmed almost instantly. When the girl was beside them, she stopped and looked at the girls legs. Where their pee was still going down. The only thing Jenny and Sara could do was to look at each other then at the girl and smile. Trying to make it less embarrassing. The girl smiled back.

- Oh so this is the place where you should pee. The girl said.

Sara looked confused at Jenny, who was just as confused. When they heard the girl say ahh. Both girls looked down the other girl´s legs and saw pee going down them. For the next half minute the three girls stood there peeing down their legs without saying a word. When they were done, Jenny felt she had to say something.

- Okay this was a surprise. Why did you wet yourself?

- Why did you wet yourself´s? Was it a accident? I thought if I did it too. It wouldn´t be so embarrassing for you two.

- It was really nice of you to do that. And it was embarrassing. Because well it will probably not get worse if I tell you it wasn't ́t a accident. We just needed to go and just let it out.

- Oh I see. Well I can tell you that I don´t think that is weird at all. In fact I wet myself on purpose a lot during the summer.

- Wow. You do? How long have you been doing it? Sara asked.

- Well it was about three years ago I started to do it a lot. I was sitting outside and needed to pee. But I didn´t want do go indoors just for that. So I figured what the heck. And just wet myself sitting there. And the feeling was great so I continued to do it when I feelt the need again.

Sara told the girl how they began to wet themselves and they liked it so they had to try it in theirs panties as well.

- Wow what a nice way to start wetting. And you have something really nice to look forward to. When you do it in pants. That´s so nice. The warmth stays for longer that way.

- You pee yourself in pants? That´s so cool. Jenny said.

- Yeah I do. I just go in everything I want. Oh and by the way I´m Lisa.

- So cool. And I´m Jenny and that is my girlfriend Sara.

- Aw you are a couple. Thats cute. I would love to talk more with you girls. But I have to go home. I have something to do that can´t wait.

- Oh okay. Do you live nearby?

- Yes I do. I live a couple of kilometers away from here.

- Thats great. Then we can meet some other time.

- I would love that. Lisa said and gave the girls her phone number.

They said goodbye and waved at each other while Lisa started jogging home.

- That was so hot. A stranger started to wet herself beside us. And it turned out she liked it too. It was just like a dream. It didn´t feel real. Sara said.

- Well we found a new friend and someone we can wet ourselves in front of without shame. But now I think it´s time for us to walk back home as well.

And so the girls started to go back home while they talked about Lisa and that she wet herself in pants.

Back at Jenny´s house Linda and Erika was waiting for them. Both girls had changed back to bikinis and was now sitting at the table with their moms.

- So how was the walk? Linda asked.

- It was great. The woods is a relaxing place to walk around in. Jenny said and blinked discreetly at Sara.

- That´s good. And now you can sit here with us and have a great time.

- Well the woods was great too. Sara said and couldn't help but laugh a little.

- What´s so funny? Linda asked.

- It´s a secret. Jenny said. And started to laugh with Sara.

- Okay then. We won´t say what we have talked about then. Linda said and smiled at Erika.

- I will not say what we talked about but I will show you. Erika said and gave a bigger smile.

Jenny and Sara looked at each other and for the second time today they became first confused, then surprised when the heard a hissing sound. Both Sara and Jenny looked down under ta table and saw Erika was peeing through her bikini.

- Oh yes. I started to wet my bikini as well, while you were out in the woods. Erika said happily.

- Mom that´s great. Now you know how nice it feels to just let it go. Sara said.

- And now when everyone here is open with it. I will not hold it any longer. Linda said and started to pee too.

Sara and Jenny laughed and started to pee as well. This was the best day in their lives so far.

*029*2020-02-01 19:27

The week after the girls and their mothers started to wet themselves in front of each other. Sara and Jenny decided to take a bike ride to the local indoor water park. Just because the wanted to be in the wave pool and go down slides. They also thought because it´s summer it would not be crowded. And as a bonus the could sitt in the jacuzzi after al the fun and just relax. While they were cycling the girls talked about what they were going to do first when they arrive. And they decide if the lines are short, the slides will be perfect. They pay the entrance fee and goes in to the changing room. Jenny takes a blue bikini and Sara a green one. They go to the showers with their bikinis in hand. A couple of the showers was occupied so they couldn't stand next to each other. But luckily two showers across each other was free. After they showered a while, it was time to put on the their bikinis. They showered some more after that and almost immediately Sara looked over att Jenny and smiled.

Soon Jenny smiled to when she saw the water at her lovers feet turned a bit yellow. So she took the opportunity to pee too. When she started to go she smiled and winked at Sara, who understood immediately what was going on. In the shower beside Sara was a girl in the upper twenties that saw Jenny´s pee signals even if she didn´t understand that´s why she did wink and smile. She smiled at Jenny and then saw the water turn slightly yellow. And when she first saw it she started to look closer and realized what it was. The girl looked at Jenny´s face and when their eyes meet she smiled and looked down at her own feet. Then back up and winked at Jenny who wasn´t peeing anymore.

But now she was embarrassed until she saw that the girl had started to pee too. Now she was surprised and glad to see the girl wasn´t annoyed. When the girl was done she winked again and left the showers. After that surprising moment, Jenny and Sara nodded at each other and started to walk out to the pool area. And they were right, It wasn´t much people there and was no queue to the slides at all. As they walked against the stairs leading to the slide. Jenny looked around the pool to see if she saw someone she knew. But the only one she recognized was the girl from the showers. The girl looked at her and waved. Embarrassed Jenny waved back. Sara didn´t noticed. When they came up to the top of the slide they where alone. Sara went down first with Jenny coming soon after.

- Okay. Now when we have slided down once. Lets go down again but this time we will see who will be the fastest by using the timer. Jenny suggested.

- Sure I will win this.

- No you won´t. But it´s no competition without a prize. The winner will get a kiss.

- Oh that´s a nice prize. And to be honest there is no loser in this. A kiss is great for both.

- Yea it is. And that´s the good part about this. So lets go.

On the way back to slide. They heard theirs names from the pool. They looked to see who it was and they where both pleasantly surprised when they saw it was Lisa.

- Hey girls. Nice to see you two here. Are you having a nice time?

- Hey Lisa. Nice to see you too. Yeah we have. And how about you? Sara asked.

- Oyes I having a lot of fun with two of my friends. At least another hour before they have to go home.

- Well in that case you can join us when they leave if you want to? Jenny said.

- I would love that.

- Great. See you at the jacuzzi in about an hour then. Sara said.

The girls said goodbye and waved to Lisa and went up the stairs for the competition. Sara went down first and then Jenny. And to Sara´s disappointment she lost.

- Congratulations honey. You will get your prize when we get our bikes.

- Thank you so much. Looking forward to it. And I knew I was going to win. Because I pulled my panties down a bit so my skin was against the slide.

- Cheater. Sara giggled.

Now when the knew who was the fastest. The girls went to the wave pool. When the waves ended they went down the slide while they waited for the next time the wave pool would start again. In no time at all. It was time to meet Lisa at the jacuzzi. When they arrived Lisa was already sitting in the water waiting for them.

- Hi girls. Come and join me. We can sitt here and talk.

- Yes please. I need to relax for a while now after my win. Jenny said with a laugh.

- Oh what win?

- We wanted to see who could go down the slide the fastest. And I won.

- Congratulations. That´s a fun thing to do.

- It is. And speaking of fun things. A fun thing happened when we came here and was showering. Sara gave me a smile and then a saw why. She peed in the shower. And I needed to go too. So I started to let go. To let Sara know what I was doing, I smiled and winked at her. What I didn´t realize was that the girl standing next to Sara saw that and she also saw that I was peeing. She gave me a smile looked down at her feet and started to pee too.

- Wow. I didn´t know the girl next to me where peeing too. But that´s awesome.

- I´m not surprised she peed in the shower. But for her to do it so openly is surprising.

- Why are you not surprised she peed?

- Well more girls then you think pee in the shower. Not just at home but in public too. And here is a perfect place to do it without anyone knowing what they are doing. Discreet peeing is very common in showers. And not that many talk about it. Not even with their friends.

- Interesting. How do you know this is true if the do it discretely? Sara asked with great interest.

- Let just say I look for signs. So I can see if anyone is peeing. I like to see how many dare to pee. And the funny thing is. I get the feeling its more common to pee than not.

- I don´t see any problems with it. If you have to pee when you are in a shower. Just go. I did it in the shower after gym class in school. And I know I wasn´t alone. Jenny said.

- I did it in school too. Sara said.

- Well it was more open there. But the girls that did it in school is still doing it when they are at a water park for example.

- That's probably true. And speaking of peeing. I haven't been sensed the shower when we came here. Jenny said.

- I have to go too. Lets go to the shower and then when we are done. Maybe it´s time to take our bikes and go home. Sara said.

- Wait. You took your bikes here too? That´s great. Then we can ride together back home.

- That sounds great. Let´s go and pee first. I really have to go. Jenny said to her friends.

- Do have to go home now or can we stay another hour? Lisa asked.

- We can stay. It was just a suggestion because then we have showered anyway so it would have been easy to go and get dressed. Jenny replied.

- Well in that case. If you have to pee just go.

- What? In the jacuzzi? I can´t do that. I haven´t peed in a pool since I was teen.

- You haven´t? I peed in here before you came.

- Eww. That´s gross.

- No it´s not. It´s not as common as peeing in the shower. But not that uncommon either. If you think about it. When you where swimming in school. How many of your classmates went to the toilets?

- Well I can´t remember if anyone ever went there. But I thought the did it in the shower like me.

- Some of them did and some in the pool I can promise you that. And they have filters here. Just imagine you are in the lake. You do pee in the lake I hope?

- Of course I do. But that´s not the same.

- It´s water and you have to go. Just pee. I have already done it so it doesn´t matter.

- Well okay. Just because you have done it.

- Great. And how about you Sara?

- I´m done. I peed while you were talking.

- Well done Sara. Good for you.

- I have always peed in the shower and if I need to go again when swimming I will just go. Pool or lake does not matter.

- Wow, Sara that´s news for me. Well it´s my turn then.

Sara and Lisa looked at Jenny and it was easy for them to see when she started to pee. She looked relieved when she was done.

- Oh that was great. Just to let you know. From now on, I will always pee in the pool if I have to. The feeling is great. And it feels naughty.

- Hehe I know. That´s why I do it. I love the naughty side of it and the feeling of course. Lisa said.

- I agree with you. Now when I have feelt how good this feels for me.

- Well. Now when both of you don´t have to pee anymore. Lets go to the slide so I can beat Jenny´s time.

- Ha you wish. My time can´t be beaten. Jenny laughed.

The girls went to the slide and Lisa did beat Jenny´s time. Sara liked she did but Jenny was not so happy about it. Just when they went against the showers. The wave pool started so the went to that. Some time later they where showering and soon after that they started to get dressed. When they where cycling home thy decided to follow Lisa home. Lisa was cycling in front and without saying anything she started to pee. Both Jenny and Sara saw it and they were not surprised as they would have been if they didn´t know that Lisa peed just about everywhere.

- That´s a great way to pee without needing to stop.

- Yeah I like it. Sorry I didn´t warned you before I started. I hade to go and both of you have seen me wet myself before.

- No worries. It´s really cool to see you just go like you do this everyday.

- Well it´s not everyday but almost. Lisa said and laughed.

The girls finally arrived at Lisa´s place. I nice red house without any neighbors nearby.

- Wow. Nice place. And great for peeing. No one can see you. Jenny said.

- Thanks. It really is a dream to live here where I can pee everywhere in private.

- Speaking of pee. I have to go.

- Me too. Sara says.

- Oh great. My mum won´t be home until later tonight. And I want you to try something.

- What´s that? Sara asked curiously.

- I will show you. But first you have to promise me you both try it. Okay?

- We don´t even know what you want oss to try. But it´s your suggestion and when I followed your suggestions before. I liked them, so okay. Jenny said while Sara nods in agreement.

- Great. Wait here.

Sara and Jenny looked at each other and didn´t know what to expect. But soon they would know exactly what Lisa had planned.

- So this is what I want you to do. Take this pants on and then pee. I think you will like it a lot.

- Wow. So you want us to wet ourselves in your pants?

- Yes. You said you never tried it. Now is your chance. Your parents won´t find out when you go in my pants. They will fit but they may be a little too short on you Jenny. But you will get the nice feeling anyway.

- Sounds good to me. Lets put them on because I can´t hold it much longer. Sara said.

In no time at all, both girls was wearing Lisa´s pants. Lisa counted down and on three. Both girls tried to pee. The surprise was that Sara started first and Jenny wasn´t long behind. The pants on both girls got darker al around their crotch and down their legs. Jenny wasn´t lying when she said she had to go. She peed a lot. When they both were done Jenny was the first to say if she liked it or not.

- That was the best pee of my life. To feel it go down my legs and to see the pants get darker was fantastic. Best feeling ever.

- It really was great. I want to do it again. Sara said.

- I knew you would like it. And the good thing is that when you come here and hangout. You can just pee in whatever you are wearing. Lisa said with joy.

- I know. This friendship is like a dream. Three girls wetting themselves together.

- And if we get something to drink. We will have time enough to do it one more time today.

- In pants?

- Of Course. Lisa said and started to laugh.

Sara and Jenny started to laugh too.

*032*2020-07-26 18:47

A couple of days later. Jenny and Sara had just peed in the shower and started to miss the feeling their wettings gave them. A couple of texts later they decided to meet up and spend some time together. And they both hoped to have at least one chance to wet themselves. After Lisa introduced them do it in jeans neither of them can stop thinking about it. As soon as they meet they talked about how they had peed in the shower. The only thing they both could do without Saras mother finding out that her daughter likes to wet herself in whatever shes wearing. Jennys mother knew about her daughters wettings. Not all of them but some of them. But Jenny did´t want to do it too much in front of her mother just yet. She did´t want to make her mother annoyed about it. But one evening when she was doing a sandwich. She was wearing jeans shorts and needed to pee. She just wanted to get back to the tv.

So she wet herself while doing her sandwich. When she came back to the couch where her mother sat. She saw what her daughter had done. But just laughed and laid a blanket for Jenny sit on. Even if both girls have skirts on now. Its a lot better then swimwear to wet in. But now this close to their last pee in the shower. Neither of them had to pee now. So they talked about everyday things. Suddenly Jenny got a text from Lisa. “Hi. I was just wondering if we could do something together today? If we can. Sara are more then welcome to join us :).” She replied immediately. “We would love to. Can we meet at the intersection that the asphalt road turns into gravel? We will take our bikes. Then all of us have the same distance to go. :).” Jenny had just said to Sara that Lisa wanted to join them when the next reply came. “Sure. See you there.” So they went and picked up their bikes. When they came to the intersection Lisa was already there waiting for them.

- Hi girls. Great to see you again.

- Hello Lisa. Sara and Jenny replied.

- How have you been?

- Great. I have peed in the shower every time a took one. And I also wet myself in jeans shorts once in the kitchen. Jenny said.

- Wow. Good for you to do it inside. I bet that felt great. How about you Sara?

- Well. I have only done it in the shower. Because my mother do not know that I like to wet myself in all kinds of clothes.

- Yea it can´t be great when you are limited like that. But the shower is nice. Better then nothing.

- I guess so. Sara said with some disappointment in her voice.

- But now when the three girls are back together that will change at least for the time we are together. Jenny said happily.

- That´s true. Lisa agreed.

Suddenly Sara started to laugh. Jenny was surprised but not Lisa.

- What´s so funny? Jenny asked.

- Look at Lisas feet. Sara said still laughing.

There was a puddle. And when Jenny saw that she also started to laugh.

- What? I had to pee. I love to do it discreet. No one knows what i´m doing. I thought one of you would had noticed what I was doing. I mean both of you wets yourselves. Especially Jenny.

- I enjoyed our conversation so I did´t notice anything. That´s really impressive.

- Thank you. I have practiced a lot. You have to do it on more occasions than you think.

- So what you says is that you have done it when out in public? Sara asked.

- Yes. More times then one. If the situation allow I will tell you when I do it. Or if I thinking about where I can go.

- Yes please. If any of us needs to go we will join you.

- Okay. Maybe we should have some kind of signal so the other two know we'll pee. If we can`t talk loud about it.

- Good idea. How about the signal we used in the public shower? Just wink with one eye. That´s not to obvious.

- Well some people do see the signal as we know haha. Said Sara.

- Yeah but if you do it in another place. I think anyone that see it. Will not understand why any of us winks.

- Maybe they think we want to pick them up. Sara laughs.

- If she is cute then anything can happen. Said Jenny.

- Noo Jenny. She´s mine. You already have a girl in your life. Lisa said.

- That´s true. One that I love and I also have you. You are close to be my best friend.

- Aww that´s cute.

- I have to agree. Sara said.

- Come on girls. Group hug.

While they were hugging. Jenny came up with a plan. She didn´t waste any time. So with that she stared to pee. It didn´t take long before Lisa knew what she was up to. And as soon as Sara realized what here lover was doing. She smiled and started to pee as well.

- Wow. Girls I think I start to love you both.You are both peeing when we are this close together. I like how big step this is for us to take this soon. Lisa said.

- Well I thought discreet peeing sounded so good. I had to try it. If anyone saw us they would not see that I was peeing. It goes down my legs and then to the ground. You really have to know what to look for to see it.

- That´s true. So are you both done?

- Yes I am. Both Jenny and Sara said in unison.

- Great lets go. If we go to the park we can buy a ice cream and talk there.

- Sounds like a plan. Sara said.

When the girls arrived at the park. They went to get some ice cream. While they were standing in line. Lisa looked at her new best friends. She couldn´t resist to smile. Both Sara and Jenny smiled back. When she was sure her friends saw her she gave them the signal and released her bladder. Jenny and Sara was close to start laughing but managed to hold it back. Lisa didn´t empty her bladder completely. When it reached her feet she stooped her stream. She just wanted to see how her friends reacted when she gave them the signal in a very public place. After they bought their ice cream they went to a bench and sat down too talk.

- Well that was daring. I thought you would empty you bladder completely in the queue.

- I didn´t want to take the risk of getting caught. So I just let some out.

- That was probably the best thing to do. But here the risk is virtually zero. And I have to pee so that´s what I will do.

And soon Jenny started to wet herself. To sit like this and pee was a great experience. The warmth spread around her ass before it went down the bench to the ground.

- Sounds good to me. I need to go as well. Sara said and began to pee.

- And you both know I haven´t emptied my bladder yet. So now it´s time.

Now all three girls was peeing. What a sight from behind. Tree cute girls sitting on a bench and wetting themselves. Pee flowing down. Until they where done.

- So I just have to ask. I know both of you are peeing in the shower. So lets start with that. When did you start doing it? Lisa asked.

- Well I started when our class was in the indoor pool for swim class. When it was time to shower when class was over. I really needed to pee. So I waited for the other girls to leave the showers. When everyone except my best friend at the time had left the shower I was close to lose it. Because we where best friends I admitted to my friend what I had to do. She asked why I didn´t go to the bathroom before she laughed and said she was only joking. Then she said just pee. It´s just us here. And she didn´t mind. In fact she peed in the shower when we took the shower before the class started. So I peed for the first time in a shower. I thought about it for a long time. But never took the step to try. The reason why I decided to do it that time was because I knew the toilet was going to be wet and I don´t like that. So the shower was the best place to do it that time. After that time a did it at home and where ever I took a shower since then. Sara said.

- So you always pee in the shower even in public?

- Oyes. Every time. I never bother going to the toilet if I knew I´m going to take a shower.

- Nice. And what made you start to wet yourself in panties?

- I have to thank Jenny for that one. She did it first and I followed her lead. I will never regret it. And then you came and showed us how good it feels to do it in pants.

- You are welcome. I love that you both like it so much. And I promise we will do it in pants again soon. My mother is going away for a couple of days next week. So if you want to come and stay the night. So we can talk about whatever we want and of course wet ourselves in pants a lot.

- You already know we will come. Sounds great. Jenny said.

- Lisa I hope you won´t get mad at us. Because I don´t know if I can wet myself al day without at least one orgasm.

- Of course not. We will all reach one orgasm each at least.

- Sound really good. But will you not get jealous when Jenny and I can help each other?

- No don´t worry. I getting wet just thinking about seeing you two get each other off.

- Thank you. You are a true best friend. Jenny said and leaned close to Lisa and kissed her cheek.

- Okay if you kiss her so will I. Sara said and kissed Lisas other cheek.

She then looked over at Jenny and then back at Lisa. Suddenly she kissed Lisa again but on the mouth this time.Oops she said and laughed. Jenny just shook her head and smiled. It looked like both Jenny and Sara liked what was happening. But the one that liked it the most was Lisa. This was like a dream for her. Two cute girls just kissed her. Her first kiss from a girl. She will count both kisses as her first. She got them almost simultaneously so that feelt like the right thing to do. To show how much she appreciated it. She took one hand on Saras leg and the other one on Jennys. She slowly moved them higher until she was touching the girls panties. When neither Jenny or Sara said anything she made her next move. And started to move her hands inside the panties until she felt how wet the girls was. She smiled and removed her hand.

- So girls. Maybe we should go to a more privat place and have a nice time together? Jenny said.

- Well I loved to. But let´s save it until we are at my place. Then we can have a really nice time. Lisa said.

- I´m really looking forward to it. Sara said with a big smile.

- Believe me Sara you are not alone. Lisa said.

- Glad to hear it. Jenny said.

Sara took Lisas hand and put it inside her panties before she started to pee. Lisa was shocked at first but she really liket it. Suddenly her other hand got warm and wet too. She didn´t notice that Jenny had took it and put it between her legs. Lisa was in heaven. Sara and Jenny took their own hand and put it inside Lisas panties. Lisa knew what they wanted and started to pee as well. All the girls felt this was their best experience so far.

*037*2020-10-25 09:49

Well it seems like my story has some readers that want's more. I'm really surprised that any one likes it. I just started this story just to see if i could do a believable story that could happen in real life. So thanks to everyone that reads this story and leaves a comment to show that you like it. And you wanted it. Here comes the next part.

The day the girls was going to be at Lisa's place was finally here. When Sara and Jenny arrived. Lisa meet them in the garden and gave them a hug each to welcome them. Even if it was worm. The girls were all wearing pants and a t-shirt. But both Sara and Jenny had skirts and bikinis with them as well. Just if it would be much hotter later on. Lisa's mother was away with a college for the day and wouldn't be home until late afternoon. So the girls had decided to meet as early as possible.

- So girls. It's a nice day. So why don't we take some soda and sit outside in the deck chairs?

Both Sara and Jenny agreed and soon the were sitting outside and just enjoying the weather and each others company.

- I love this. Just to sit here without anyone disturbing us.

- Yeah I know. That's the reason both me and mum loves this place. We can just enjoy nature and our self's without being worried about anyone looking at us.

- Sounds great. Maybe you can explain a bit more about the enjoy your self's part? Sara asked and laughs.

- Well it's probably me that enjoys it the most. And you know I will take the opportunity to feel as free as possible when I'm alone.

- What do you do for example? Jenny teased.

- You really want me to talk about it. And I know it's because you two like it as well. I will pee where ever I am. If mother is home I will take my pants down if I'm wearing them. Or I take my panties of and just squat. It doesn't matter if mum can see me or not. I just squat and pee when I feel the need for it. Even mum will do it from time to time.

- She will? In the same way as you? Sara wanted to hear more about this so she just had to ask.

- Yeah. Like I said. We enjoy our self's out here.

- I would love if our garden was this private. Then I would do that as well. Sara said.

- Well. At least you have time to wet yourself from time to time with your lovely girlfriend over there. Lisa said and winked.

- That¨s true. And we always has a great time together. Even if we can't wet our self's every time we want too.

- Well you seamed to like it when we peed in the park. Jenny said and smiled at her girlfriend.

- Yes I did. I did it with the one I love and my best friend at the same time. It can't get much better then that.

- Speaking of the park. I haven't thanked you for the nice time you two gave me. So with that said I will start and thank Jenny first.

Lisa stood up and walked over to Jenny. She climbed on too Jenny and with one leg on each side of her friends hips. She smiled and said thank you. And then started to pee trough her pants. The pee went down too Jenny's lap and she just smiled. This was so hot. When Sara saw what was going on she had to resist the temptation to touch herself. Lisa peed a lot. When she was done she got up and went back to her own deck chair.

- Wow. And your welcome. It was my pleasure in the park and now. And now when you have wet me as well. I think I will take the opportunity to share this nice experience with my girl. Jenny said.

She got up and did the same thing Lisa did for her and climbed up on her girlfriend and with one leg on each side of her. She sat down and was soon peeing. This was way to hot to do without at least a kiss. So Jenny started to kiss Sara while she continued to pee. Lisa looked on and thought this was so cute. She hoped she will find a girl to do that with some day. But just too see it was great too. When Jenny was done she stood up and looked at her girlfriend with a big smile.

- That was so hot. I loved it. And now I really need to pee after seeing you two go. Whose lap am I going to sit on? Sara asked.

- Well. I have an idea. What if you try do pee one half in my lap and the other in Jenny's?

- Good idea. I will try. I really want to do it on both of you.

So Sara started in Lisa's lap and it was great. To feel the warm pee go down her butt and it went down on her best friends lap. It was really hard for her to stop her stream. But she did it. Afraid she would wet herself before she had time to sit in Sara's lap she ran over to her and barely hade time to sit down before she started to pee again. She took one hand on Jenny's breast and then started to kiss her while she let the rest out. She moaned when she was done before she slowly got up and went back to her one chair.

- Great first pee for al of us I would say. Now we can just sit here and let our pants dry while we talk. Lisa said with a big smile.

The girls was sitting in the sun for a while before the decided it was to hot and they should change to skirts now. When the girls was standing beside the chairs they smiled at each other and then wet them self's. They didn't need to pee that bad but enough for the pants to get dark again.

- Ah. That felt good. Just had to do it in pants one more time before it was to late. Sara said with a giggle.

Both Lisa and Jenny agreed. They took their pants of and just wiped their legs with them before the changed to skirts. They didn't change panties because they will dry soon now when it's a lot hotter outside. And they also knew they will pee trough them again anyway.

- Well girls. How about we kick some football for a while? Lisa asked.

- Sure why not. Jenny replied.

The girls drank and kicked the ball for about an hour before the decided it was to hot to continue. To talke and run after a ball in this heat was exhausting.

- I don't know if this will cool my legs of but I can do with a pee. Jenny said before she started to let it go down her legs.

- Sounds like it could be worth a try. Sara said and released her pee too.

Lisa already knew the answer. Because she has tried it before. But she needed to pee to so she let go as well. When Jenny was done both Sara and Lisa was still going.

- Well it helped when I peed. But as soon I stopped it went back to be hot again.

- Yeah I know. But it's still great to let it go when you need to without having to take your panties of. Lisa said.

Finally all girls was done and Lisa asked if they wanted to cool of by going to a lake nearby. And in this weather it was no other choice. They went inside and changed to bikinis. T-shirt over the top and started to walk to the lake.

- This lake is quite remote. So if we are lucky we will have it for our self's.

- Wow everything around here you can pretty much have to your self al the time. Sara said.

- Yes absolutely. It really is a great place to have a house. I hope I will find something like this when it's time for me to get my own place. Lisa said.

Sara and Jenny agreed. One day the will own a remote house with a lake near by them self's some time in their life's . When they arrived at the lake it was empty. Just like the wanted it to be. So as soon as they had taken of their skirts and t-shirts. They run down to the bathing platform. Lisa put her arms in the air and said yeah. Before she started to pee though her bikini.

- That looks so nice. To go just like that even on a place like this. Unfortunately I don't have to go right now. Jenny said.

- Me neither. But when I do. I think I will try doing it like that. I always pees in the water when I'm swimming. Because it use to be a lot of people around. Sara said.

The girls swam and just had a great time in the lake. When suddenly they heard someone giggle. They looked at the path leading to the lake and saw two girls around their age coming. The but a couple a towels down and laid on them to get a tan.

- That's unfortunate. We are not a lone anymore. And I was really looking forward to stand on the platform and pee later. Sara said a bit disappointed.

- Well hold it if you need to go. Maybe they will go before it's time for us to go home. Lisa said.

But when it was time for the girls to go back to Lisa's. The two girls was still there. Lisa's mother was coming home in half an hour so she wanted to be home and introduce her friends. She came up with a idea.

- Jenny. Can you go up and take your towel over your shoulders. Then you ask us if we can go home now because you really want to. We say okay and get out of the water. After that you will know what to do. Lisa said and gave Jenny a small push towards the platform.

Jenny did as she was told and went up and took her towel.

- Can we please go home now? Jenny said in a loud voice.

- Okay we are coming. Lisa replayed.

The two girls looked like they were about to go down for a swim. They stood up but just stood there talking to each other. Jenny couldn't hear what they said. Sara got ut from the water first and was about to go to her towel when Lisa stopped her.

- Wait I forgot to pee. Lisa said loud and without shame.

And because of that. Al the other girls was now looking at her. Just like she had planned. She parted her legs and started to pee. Sara looked at her with big eyes.

- What? They are already wet and are made for water. A bit of pee wont hurt them. I go trough them al the time in the water. I just forgot to go now when you wanted to leave so suddenly. Lisa said.

- Yeah you are right. And now when you mention it. I have to go to. Sara says and starts to pee too.

To just stand there in plain sight of the two other girls and just pee like this made Sara horny. And she wasn't alone about that. Lisa like it too. When they both were still peeing they heard Jenny.

- Well I was about to hold it until we came home but I might as well pee too before we go.

And now al three girls where peeing trough their bikinis. Lisa was done first and sighed before she went to her towel. Soon Sara followed her. Lisa and Sara looked down Jenny's legs while they waited for her to finish.

- Everyone done now? Lisa said with a smile.

Both Jenny and Sara said yes at the same time. Then they looked on the other two girls. Both of them was looking a bit surprised about what they have just seen. But the both smiled when the saw that the girls that peed was looking at them.

- It's nice to know that more girls knows that it doesn't mind to go trough their bikinis. One of the girls said and a hiss was heard.

The three friends gave a big smiled to the girl how was now standing in front of them and peeing hard though her bikini.

- Yeah. Now we don't have to worry about looking weird. The other girl said and started to pee too.

While the two girls were peeing Lisa had to say something.

- It's perfectly normal. That's why I did it. And it was just you two here. So why not just go if you are not in the water or in our case forgets it. Lisa said and winked at the two girls. Both was done now.

So the three friends smiled at them and waved good bye. Back at Lisa's. They went in too change back to skirts and wait for Lisa's mother to come back home. Just teen minutes later she came home. When they were peeing with the two other girls the time has run away a bit.

- Lisa. I'm home. Her mother screamed from the kitchen.

She waved at her friends to follow her so she could introduce them to her mother. When they came to the kitchen. Lisa's mother was putting her shopping in the cabinets. And both Sara and Jenny got a shock when they saw that Lisa's mothers pants got darker between her legs.

- Mum. This are my best friends. Sara and Jenny. Lisa said.

Her mother got so surprised that her daughter had friends over she jumped a bit. Turned around and looked both shocked and embarrassed at the same time. But when she looked at the two girls they started to smile. She didn't know why. Yet.

*042*2020-12-13 12:41

When Lisa's mother looked at her daughter's friends and they just smiled at her. She didn't know why. Did the smile because they found the situation funny? Or embarrassing? What she did know was that she felt a bit embarrassed to stand in her wet pants. She had just started to let it go when her daughter made her aware she had friends over. But it was enough to be easily noticed. She thought she could say that she thought she could make it and put the shopping in the cabinets. But then some just came out. Maybe she could say it happens from time to time when you get older. No they probably see trough her lies when they are that bad. It's probably best to just act casual.

- Hello girls. I guess you have been here for a while but welcome to our home. Do you like it here?

- Thank you. And yes we like it a lot. Jenny said and all three girls started to laugh.

- Wow sounds like you have the time of our life's based on that laughter. Or is it my accident you are laughing at?

- Mum.They are not laughing at you accident. They laugh because know they see I'm not the only one it this house that wet myself.

- What? Have you wet yourself in front of your two friends? I have told you many times. Go to the toilet when you need to. Don't wait. You know you can't hold it if you wait to long. But as you can see I'm not the right person to say it. I didn't go when I needed to. And I'm much older then you so I should know better.

- It's okay mum. Jenny and Sara wets them self's as well. So it's no big deal.

- They do? By accident?

- Ha ha no. Both me and Jenny does it on purpose. So we have done it a lot today with Lisa. We love the freedom of it and she told us she just wets herself when she need to go or when she want's to. So we joined in. Well that's not exactly how it started but close enough. Sara said and laughed.

- So my daughter has succeeded to find two friend that like wetting just as much as she does? That's great.

- Yes we love it. It really is a nice feeling to just let it go in your clothes when ever we want to. Jenny replied.

- Perfect. Well my pants are already wet so I might as well let the rest go then. Lisa's mother said.

As soon as she said it the wet spot between her legs got bigger and a hiss could be heard as she let the rest of her pee go. Both Jenny and Sara smiled. Because they had skirts on they didn't want to pee just yet. And it wasn't that long ago they peed at the lake with the two other girls. It's surprising that not that long ago. Jenny and Sara was the only ones that they knew of that liked to wet them self's. But now the have a best friend that does it. And not only that. Their own mothers does it too. And as it turns out so does Lisa's.

- Well mum. When you are done in here. Please join us outside in the sun chairs. I think both of us has some explaining to do.

- Sure I be right out.

A couple of minutes later they all sat outside. Lisa's mother was still wearing her wet pants.

- So I just have one question before we talk about the things a really want to know. Lisa you did introduce us. But you haven't told us your mother's name. I guess it will sound ridiculous to say your mother al the time? Jenny laughed.

- Oh yes I'm sorry. Jenny, Sara this is my mother Maria.

- Nice to meet you Maria. And now. How long have you been doing this?

- Well to be honest. I can't remember when I started. I think it started the way a lot of others started. Peeing in the shower at home first. Then later on in the school showers after gym class. Because other girls in my class did it. And of course in the pool showers after swim class. A couple of years after that. I was going home from the school disco. I had a skirt on and needed to pee. So I thought it can't be that big of a difference between panties and bikini bottoms. So I just parted my legs and let it go. It was a difference as it turned out. But in a good way. After that experience I started to go through my panties on my way home from shool everyday I could. The rest as they say is history.

- Wow that's pretty much the way we started too. But you said you peed in the pool showers. Did you ever let it go in the pool? We where at the indoor pool with Lisa and she did it in the pool. She also persuaded us to do it. He he and we did. Jenny said.

- Well. I always pee in the shower before I get in the pool. But if I have to go again later on I just do it in the pool. Sara filled in.

- It's funny that al three of you does it. And to answer your question. Yes I did try it in the pool as well. I actually remember the first time I did it. We had swim class in school. And I needed to go so bad. I was thinking maybe I should go to the showers and do it. But then I got the idea that it's just water. I have peed in the lake as long as I could remember. So why should the pool be any different? At that moment I thought some of my classmates probably did it too. So I just tried to look casual and then I just let it go. It felt great and naughty to do it with so many people around me who did not have a clue about what I was doing. I found out later in the shower that my best friend at the time realized that I was peeing in the pool. And that made her think if I could she could do it too. So she did. It was nice to hear that she didn't think I was disgusting. After that both of us did it every time we had swim class. We also did it when we where there on our spare time.

- That's so nice. Too have a friend that will join in on this kind of thing is great. Sounds like you had some great times together. And if you go to a pool this days do you still pee in the pool or did you stop after school?

- To be honest. I still do it. I love to let it go in the pool. But unlike Sara I don't pee in the shower before hand. I hold it and just go in the pool. It's the first thing I do when I get in the pool. It feels so naughty and I'm sorry if this is a bit to much information for you girls. But it actually turns me on.

- Well I think it's great that you are so honest about your feelings about this. I mean we hardly know each other. Jenny said.

- I thought you two like it as well so I might as well be honest with you. And also if we ever go swimming together you know why you can't see any pee going down my legs in the shower. But on rare situations it happens before I get in the pool when I just can't hold it. You are more likely to see me go before we go home. That also turns me on. To just stand there and wet myself with other girls around me and they don't know what I'm doing.

- You know you are not alone? A lot of girls goes in the shower. But the try to hide is as well. They are afraid some one will see them and tell the staff about it. Or tell them directly how disgusting it is to pee in a public shower. But believe me it's more acceptable now then ever before. More girls do it without even try to hide what they are doing. And if they are with friends the laugh and says Oops when the do it so if the friends notice it they will laugh too. They make it a funny thing so the can get away with it. I guess some think the trend to do it in a public shower like that is disgusting. But I also guessing more and more girls thinks it's no big deal. Some of them does it to and others don't mind if others do it. Sara said.

- Sounds like you have seen some signs of this over the years. Maria said.

- Oh yes. I have seen a lot have changed about the attitude against it though the years. And now its more open then ever.

- That's sounds great. I haven't been at the indoor pool for quite a while. Maybe I should go and check it out.

Suddenly a hiss could be heard. And Maria looked over at the girls to see who it came from. It was Jenny.

- Oh sorry. All this talk about peeing made me have to go.

- No need to be sorry. If you have do go just let it go. We all wet our self's. No need to hide it. Maria said.

When Jenny was done. A new hiss was heard. This time it was Sara and soon both Lisa and Maria peed too.

- This is great. This is what I call the perfect day. Talking with others that like to pee in different places and just pee when the need strikes. Maria said and all the girls agreed.

- Well. If you decide to go to the pool let us know. We love to join you. Sara said with a smile.

- That's great. Oh I just have to ask both of you. I know you like to wet your self's. But what does your mothers say about it?

- They know we do it though our bikinis when we are sunbathing. They do it too.

- Sounds great. Maybe if Lisa is at your house sometime. I can come and pick her up so I can meet them. And if I'm lucky I will also have two friends around my age that won't mind to go though there bikinis with me.

- They will definitely do it with you after a while. If we just let it get to that point in a good way it wont take that long before it happens. When you pick Lisa up just talk with them and before you go ask if you can join them next time the going to sunbath. After that you will see at least one of them pee. Jenny said with a smile.

- Sounds like a plan. Maria said and winked at them.

- This has been great. But I think Jenny and I have to go home now. It's been a long and interesting day to say the least.

They girls got up and started to go towards their bikes.

- Now I see why I couldn't know Lisa had friends over. You parked them behind the house.

- Yea. Well we wanted to put them in the shade.

The girls walked with the bikes to the front of the house. Thanked Lisa and Maria for a great day and hoped the soon will be together again. Just when Jenny and Sara was sitting on their bikes and looked over their shoulders to wave god bye. They saw both Lisa and Maria was peeing down their legs while they waved god bye. Sara and Jenny smiled and started to ride home. On the way home they talked about everything that happened today. They wondered where they will pee together with Lisa and Maria next time. And Sara wondered if they will ever meet the two girls from the lake again. Half way home. Jenny and Sara smiled at each other and then both wet them self's without stopping. They really looked forward to the next time they could be with their best friend and her pee when you feel like it mother.

When Sara came home she said hello to her mother. Said she had a great day without saying why it was so great. Before she took a shower. And of course peed in it.

Jenny came home and did just as Sara had done. But when she saw her mother her pants was dark between her legs. Jenny just smiled and described the day a little vaguely. And went to take a shower. Take another pee in there and to top this day of she just had to let herself come.

*048*2021-05-01 11:53

Long time after the last chapter. The story continues. As before this story contains wetting from mothers and grown up daughters as well as their friends. Masturbation is a part of it as well. And do remember English isn't my first language. Enjoy.

A couple of days later. The girls texted Lisa and asked if she wanted to go for a walk with them. Within seconds they got a answer. "Of course I will. See you soon." A nice walk with the opportunity to talk undisturbed. If they where going to talk about peeing in anyway. Well to say when they do it is more accurate. They meet up outside the old shop that went out of business a few years ago. As soon Jenny and Sara could see Lisa walking towards them. They both started to smile. Lisa smiled back and started to run. She put her arms out so she could hug her friends.

- Hello girls. So nice to see you both again.

Hello they both replied. The started to walk towards Jenny´s old school. Around 100 meters behind the school the path that was used as a exercise trail started. Jenny knew that it´s very rare that someone is using it. So they could easy walk and talk without worrying about anyone hearing them.

- So Lisa. I guess you have wet yourself everyday seen we last saw each other? Sara asked as soon they entered the woods the trail went trough.

- How did you know? Haha. Of course I have. Both me and my mom has done it together and by ourselves. It´s so nice to see mom doing it with out a care in the world. It really is a great feeling to know that you don´t have to hide that you have wet yourself. And how about you Sara?

- Well. My mom as you know, don´t know about me wetting myself in anything other then my bikini. But except peeing in the shower as usual. I have succeeded to wet myself a bit in my panties without her finding out.

- Good for you. It must felt really naughty to do it in secret?

- Yes it was great. But the best moment was when I one night took a towel and but it under me in bed. I but my hand on my panties and let some out. It was so hot. I couldn't stop myself. I just had to touch myself and let some more go at the same time. I had an orgasm really fast and when I did it was really hard not to let the rest in my bladder go. But I succeeded and could walk in to the bathroom. I stood in the shower and let the rest go trough my panties. And I came again without even toughing myself this time. It was so good.

Wow was both Jenny and Lisa´s only reaction to Sara´s story.

- Jenny. How about you?

- Well. I can wet myself in front of my mom in anything. But I haven't been able to do it. Because we had guest over yesterday. But the day before I did it through my panties a couple of times outside. It´s so nice to let it go down your legs without thinking about making a mess. And I also did it in bed that nigh. Just so i could get myself of. It really is great to masturbate and pee at the same time. I didn't have to pee that much so I could fall asleep without a problem. I didn't have a towel under me like you did Sara. Mom knows I do it from time to time and to be honest. She did wet her bed to that night. We just laughed in the morning when we both went to the washing machine with our bed sheets.

- Sounds really nice as well. I really want to pee now. Lisa said.

- Just hold it in a little bit more. Up on this hill there is a bench. We can sit on that and wet our self's there. I want to go standing up as well. But hearing what you two has been up to. I just want to touch you both when you let it go.

- Oh Jenny you naughty girl. Lisa said with a big smile.

Sara could hardly wait. She was really looking forward to feel Jenny's hand between her legs. It has been days since the last time that happened. A couple of minutes later the girls was up on the hill. Before they started with the fun parted. They looked around to enjoy the view.

- Okay girls I can't wait much more now. I have to go. Lisa said and but one hand between her legs to hold herself.

- And I want to feel your hands toughing me and I really have to go too know. Sara said.

- Then let's do it girls. Jenny said with a big smile.

Just when they were about to sit down on the bench. Jenny saw something.

- Eh girls. I'm sorry to have to say this. But I can see two persons coming on the trail from the other direction.

- What? No. Not now. I want to do wet myself. Lisa said with disappointment.

- I know. We al want the same thing. But we have to hold it until they have walked past.

The girls but both their hands between their legs to hold them self's a bit before the other two persons got close enough to see what they were doing. When the persons got closer. Jenny recognized them.

- Hey girls. We have meet these two before. It's the girls from the lake!

- It is? Wow. Lets see if they remember us. Lisa said.

- You really think they will forget us? We wet our self's in front of them. Sara said.

- That's true. Lisa said and started to laugh and both Jenny and Sara did as well.

The two girls wasn't even that close when one of them but a hand in the air to wave at them. They all waved back and soon the two girls was finally there with them.

- Hello girls. Long time no see. Getting some fresh air I see. One of the girls said.

- Yea we wanted to take a walk and just talked undisturbed.

- And here we are and destroys your plans. Sorry.

- No need to apologist. We don't mind. Well how about we introduce our self's.

The two girls names was Rachael and Mia.

- Well now we know how we peed with. Haha. Sara said.

- Haha yea. Well you didn't really try to hide. And come on we all know that bikinis are made to be wet. So it's a no brainier to go though it.

- It really is. And to be honest. Just before we saw you were coming. We were just about to have a pee.

- Haha. It seems like we can only meet if you are about to or are already peeing. Well don't let us stop you. We have seen you go before. Well you wet your self's the last time, but anyway. Mia said.

- You two did as well. Jenny said laughing.

- True. Rachael laughed.

- The thing is. We had a plan to do it in a special way. So if you don't want to see that. It's better you continue to walk. Or if you stay. You have to promise us to never tell anyone what you have seen. So its up to you. Lisa said.

- Sounds interesting. Well we have seen what you did last time. And I'm curious about what you girls have planed. So I promise to keep what ever happens for my self. And if it's to weird. I will walk away and still not share it with anyone. I don't want to take the risk. You can tell someone about us peeing though our bikinis. Many do but don't want everyone to know that. Mia said.

- We can promise you we will never tell anyone about that. And soon you will understand why. Lisa replayed.

- Sound's good to me. Rachael said.

- Great because I can't wait anymore now. Lisa said.

She took Jenny and Sara's hands and led them to the bench. The girls sat down with Lisa in the middle. And straight away Sara lent in in front of Lisa and Jenny did the same. And they started to make out with each other. Meanwhile Lisa took her hands and putt them between Sara and Jenny's legs. While making out the girls put one hand each on Lisa's crouch. The girls were moaning and now Lisa couldn't hold on anymore. So she closed her eyes and started to pee. Both Jenny and Sara felt it and started to rub Lisa's panties even more.

And then almost on the same time they both started to pee too. Mia and Rachael watch with their mouths open. What a sight this was. See the girls making out and toughing each other. And on the same time peeing trough their panties. They could see the pee from the girls going down the bench. Meanwhile the girls on the bench enjoyed this experience so much that they forgot about they had two other girls there watching them. Just when they bladders was nearly empty.

Lisa came and it didn't take long before Jenny and Sara did as well. Sara and Jenny stopped making out with each other and Lisa opened her eyes. All three girls smiled when they looked in each others eyes. Then they remembered Mia and Rachael. They slowly turned against the two girls and they all thought about what kind of reaction they was going to see from them. When the saw them it was Lisa, Jenny and Sara that was in for a chock. In front of them. They saw Rachael and Mia making out and they also had one hand between the other girls legs. Not only that. When they looked at the girls legs. They could hardly believe it. They stood there and were wetting themselves as well. It was easy to see the pee going down their legs and how much the enjoyed the moment. Soon the stopped and looked at each other with a smile. Before they looked at the other girls.

- Well that was a pleasant surprise. How did this happen? Lisa asked.

- Well we were watching all of you had a great time. And to be honest it turned me on and as it turned out. Rachael was turned on too. So we just smiled at each other and followed your lead.

- So you and Rachael are a couple?

- No not a couple. But we do have fun together from time to time. And now we could not pass this opportunity.

- So you like to wet your self's as well then?

- To be honest. I don't know about Rachael. But I have not wet myself in ordinary clothes before. But as you know. Bikinis a lot of times.

- I haven't wet myself except for bikinis either. Rachael replied.

- Oh firs timers. So what do you think? Lisa asked.

- To be honest. I liked it a lot. I understand why you do it. It won't be our last time if I can decide. Mia said.

- Of course it wont be our last time. We have to test some things now when we have discovered a new thing we both like. Rachael replayed.

- I love to hear that you liked it. I know you came from the way we are going. But would you mind to join us on the rest of the walk? Jenny asked.

- No. We would love to join you. Mia happily replayed.

So the girls started to walk again and they all looked at each other from time to time and couldn't resist to smile every time they got eye contact. When they were almost at the end of the trail. Jenny stopped the other girls.

- Well girls. This has been great. And before we walk out were others can see us. I just have to pee one more time. Jenny said and smiled.

The other girls didn't have time to answer her before they saw pee going down Jenny's legs. The others just smiled. And soon every one was peeing down their legs. Five girls standing there looking at each other with big smiles and pee down their legs. And no one knew about what they have done before or what the did before. When everyone was done. The started to walk again.

- Mia and Rachael. I just have to ask you one more thing. Would you like to join us at my place for a while? Jenny asked.

Mia and Rachael looked at each other. Smiled and answered at the same time.

" Of course we do!"

