Asajj Ventress Omorashi (Star Wars)

Author: MomoCat

*000*2022-09-12 08:00

Hi everyone! I’m here with another story I wrote a long time ago! I’m a real sucker for badass women being desperate, so I wrote a story about my all time favorite badass wetting herself. Please enjoy it! I hope there’s other people here who like Star Wars as much as me, haha!

***

It's not like Ventress didn't assume becoming a sith would be strenuous- in fact, she was well prepared for the opposite. It's just that... this seemed so obscene. So unnecessary. So juvenile.

She was amidst intense meditation though her mind was far from clear. Her master had woken her up before sunrise and immediately dragged her to a solitary cave without explanation—without giving her the opportunity to relieve herself. So, hours later, Ventress sat perfectly and still completely alone. With a nagging urge to urinate.

Peace is a lie, Ventress repeated the sith mantra in her mind for the millionth time as she mediated. She adjusted her crossed legs. It was getting bad. There is only passion.

How long had it been? Ventress had assumed at least two hours. In addition to the pain in her bladder, her stomach rumbled with hunger. Dooku said it was critical for a sith lord to feed off the Force, but Ventress wasn't sure he meant it literally.

Through passion, I gain strength. Ventress shoved the heel of her foot into her crotch. She really had to go. Weighing her options, Ventress briefly considered leaving to do her business— but Dooku would surely find out about it somehow. He would be disappointed in her. He might even punish her. She absolutely couldn't leave. Through strength, I gain power.

Ventress felt like a kriffing moron. How could she, one of the most cruel sith lords in training, who had singlehandedly taken down more jedi than your average pathetic life form could count, become so weak at the mere strain of her bladder. She felt like a youngling with no control desperate for the refresher. Of course she would hold it until her Master came back. To think otherwise would be ridiculous.

Through power I gain victory. Ventress let out a low growl at her frustration. She needed to relieve herself terribly. She had never been so desperate to pee in her entire life. She shoved one hand between her legs, though the pressure did little to suppress the pain. She found it impossible to sit still and fidgeted side to side.

Through victory, my chains are broken. A spurt came out. Sweat began to bead down her forehead. She squeezed at her crotch with both hands, praying to the Force that she could just hold it in. Just a little longer. She tried to refocus herself but her mind was blank aside from thoughts about her bladder. Her slender body trembled.

She needed to find relief fast. Ventress looked around the cave frantically, trying to find something— anything— she could urinate in. Unfortunately, nothing besides herself and some stalagmites occupied the cave. Another spurt came out, this one longer than before. Ventress could feel the warmth pool at her rear end, urethra exhausted from holding back a massive amount of pee. It took her a few seconds to regain control and stem the flow, but the damage done was irreparable.

The taste of release was too much. Ventress needed to pee and she needed to pee now. She held tighter between her legs but nothing helped. Her bladder was overflowing, with a bulge descending into her tight skirt. The hem made it worse, slicing into her bladder like a knife. Why did she have to wear such tight clothing?

Another dribble of urine pushed its way out of her urethra. Ventress tried to stop it, but the feeling was too euphoric. The dribble slowly became a steady stream, then all at once, the floodgates burst. Piss gushed out of her like a waterfall on Naboo—fast and uncontrollable. She had to bite her lip to keep herself from crying out at the release—surely it was against the sith code to feel such pleasure. The ground beneath her was soaked within seconds, as well as her leggings and skirt.

And it just kept coming. The stream was steady and full. She waited for the flow to stop, for her humiliation to end, but it just… didn’t. Ventress was shocked her bladder could even hold that much pee. And it felt so good—every second felt like intense, unrivaled release. It was almost too much for her body to handle.

At last, she pushed the last bit out. It felt like she'd been peeing for an eternity and the relief had been amazing. Though, now that she was finished, the damage was obvious. There was a massive puddle beneath her and a noticeable stain on her already dark skirt. Master would have her head for this.

As if on cue, Count Dooku entered the cave. Ventress had been so preoccupied that she didn't even notice his force signature. He towered over her, standing shamelessly in her puddle of urine, an unreadable expression on his face.

To say Ventress felt embarrassed would be an understatement. She hoped the force would take her body away and make her disappear forever.

It didn't do that, though. It left her to flounder under the heat of Dooku's judging eyes. At last, he spoke.

"Just as I assumed. You are weak, and lack discipline, my apprentice. Our lessons are only just beginning."

Ventress shivered. Her skirt and leggings had already grown cold. Surely her master wouldn't put her through this again, would he?

Count Dooku said nothing as he turned to leave, cape swishing behind him.

Ventress thought about it. Yes, he would.

The Force shall set me free.

