Bishop & Belova

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2022-11-15 06:40

"You know, you can't just drop in on me whenever you feel like it, I have a life," Kate Bishop complained to the very plain-faced looking Yelena standing in front of her. "Kate Bishop, are you not so happy to see me?" Yelena paused to offer a mocking sad expression, an expression that mixed with her slightly broken English had begun to drive Kate fucking insane.

"You always do this, you break in my apartment, shatter a window, eat my food, mock my decor - which by the way, who just shows up uninvited and mocks someone's house?" Kate was speaking a mile a minute, frustration mixed with a slight hesitation, she knew Yelena Belova could snap her neck quicker than Kate could say a single syllable to try to stop her.

Yelena offered nothing in response.

Kate stood defeated, head in her hand. She looked towards the broken window letting cool New York air seep throughout her apartment. "I can pay for the window if it's THAT big of a deal," Yelena sighed, circling around Kate and dropping onto Kate's couch. "You and what money? Aren't you, like, broke?" Kate now crossed her arms, shifting her gaze to Yelena now fully spread eagle on her couch. "I dress as good as this, and you think of me.. broke?" Yelena said, offense in her voice as her hands gestured to her form fitting tan coat, tight black skirt and high heels which she was in the process of kicking off.

"I really don't know how you get money, and honestly I don't want to know! Because I don't want to be complicit in whatever.. Black Widow bullshit you're involved in!" Kate's frustration grew. Yelena's head snapped back to meet Kate's eyes, "Black Widow bullshit?" Yelena stood up, her heels now off and revealing how drastically shorter Yelena was than Kate. "I should throw you out the window for saying that," the assassin threatened in a lower tone as she began to break Kate's personal space, causing the young archer to tighten up as Belova circled her. Kate stood completely still, looking over her shoulder as Yelena paused behind Kate.

"Bullshit may have been the wrong word," Kate conceded, fear still having a hold over her body. Kate continued to watch Yelena's face over her shoulder, not realizing Yelena had wrapped her arms around Kate's hips until the assassin tightened her hold on Kate. The young archer let out a gasp, her head immediately looking to see how Yelena was holding her. "Y-You don't really have to throw me out the window, your points made," Kate said in lot softer of a tone than she'd used with Yelena ever before. "You don't need to be so scared, Kate Bishop. It's unbecoming of you to look like you're about to wet your pants," Yelena teased, the shorter woman not letting up.

Kate took immediate offense, and went on the defensive. "Me? Wet my pants? Yeah, right," Kate rolled her eyes, arrogance flooding her tone. "You're telling me you've never wet your pants, Kate Bishop?" Yelena sounded surprised, "I seriously doubt that," Belova's tone changed to that of playfulness. "Self control, it's all about self control," Kate bragged, starting a little monologue that Yelena immediately tuned out of while she admired how long and dark Kate's hair was as it draped down her back. She loved the way it looked running down her back. She was half tempted to let go of Kate and just sit there and play with her long hair, but she knew Kate was too much of a loud mouth to let her enjoy that.

It took Yelena a few seconds to key into the fact that Kate was still monologuing about the importance of self control. Yelena smiled as she adjusted her hand placement, still connected together over Kate's hips until she found the middle of her abdomen - then she pushed down. Instantly, Kate let out a yelp that could've been heard two blocks away, and she followed that with the tightening of her thighs as her knees bent. "So much self control, Kate Bishop," the assassin mocked, confirming her suspicion that Kate's bladder was very full. "Y-You caught me before I could use the bathroom," Kate stuttered, a hint of shame in her voice.

Yelena surrendered her grip against Kate, returning her arms to her sides as she backed away from Bishop, admiring her purple archery shirt and how her tight black jeans matched every curve her legs had to offer. Kate spun to Yelena now, about to say something cocky or arrogant most definitely, but Yelena cut her off quickly. "I want you to stand there for me, Kate." A sentence followed by silence. Kate took in the sentence, ran it over in her head a few times, then quickly blurted out, "What the fuck?" Her hand moving black hair out of her face as she looked confused at the older blonde girl.

"It's a training exercise I had to do, for 'self control,'" Yelena made sure to surround those two words with air quotes. "You stand there until you can't possibly take it anymore, it's actually really good team building!" Yelena tried to tag on. Kate's curiosity peaked in the wrong way, "How long did you last?" The inquiry caused Yelena to smile. "A lot longer than you'd think. I remember seeing Widow's leave the room with wet pants trying so hard to outlast each other," Yelena smiled, biting her lip at the thought of Kate pissing her pants. "So, you want me to just stand here and hold it?" Kate still sounded unconvinced to participate. "What if I don't want to play this game?" Kate looked slightly concerned.

"Then I'll come and wrap my arms around you tighter," Yelena retorted quickly. "This is a really dumb game," Kate rolled her eyes at Yelena, fixing her posture as she got ready to stand.. and wait.

Hey guys! If you like this story, please drop a comment and upvote the story so I know if I should write more to it! I generally only really finish stories if people engage with them! Thanks!

