Aching Archie

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-11-26 00:27

Achie pulled off his clothing and changed into his football gear: long knee length socks, shorts, t-shirt and the all important goalkeeper gloves. He’d already had his carbohydrates for the day but they had left him thirsty and the warmth of the changing rooms didn’t help. He rummaged in his bag, tossing one empty bottle of water in the bin and opening and drinking more than half off a second one.

Stretches and a pep talk later and it was time to walk out to the all important game. Lining up Archie bounced on the balls of his feet as the cold air from the double open doors cooled him quickly. Rather abruptly he realised he should have pissed before now.

Now it was too late.

He cast it to the back of his mind and walked onto the pitch with the obligatory mascot and young kids for some quick photos before kickoff.

Walking to the goals so much ran through Archie’s head while water ran right through his body. A shiver from the cold reminded him again that he wished he’d used the gents. Nothing he could do now.

The whistle blew. Archie distracted himself by concentrating on the game, watching the ball, swaying from side to side and shouting out to his team. At least he could move about. He sort of had to now. He couldn’t believe how much he had to go so quickly.

His teams defence weakened and before Archie had time to think the ball was approaching him at speed. He ran towards it as it fired towards the goal, jumping up and wrapping his arms around it as the fast moving rubber slammed against his stomach.

Archie bent over the ball, his hands still around it. The crowd cheered and booed in equal measure whilst Archie’s eyes watered with the sudden push against his body and the pressure in his bladder. The angle the ball had hit him was right against his bladder; his full aching bladder. He threw the ball out and dusted himself down, taking a second longer than he should when his hands ran over his slightly hard penis full of hot piss.

Archie wasn’t sure what to do. Over half an hour to half time, way way longer than his body could hold, yet he was being watched by thousands live in the stadium and via cameras. He moved around from foot to foot and side to side as his bladder ached, his testicles ached and his semi erect penis ached beyond anything else to piss.

With his team, the ball, and all eyes on the other side of the pitch, Archie HAD to hold himself. God did he need to piss so badly now and he dreamed of just pulling his member out his shorts and relaxing. The thought of tomorrow’s press was all that kept him holding as one hand hung over his private area so he could get a quick grab at will.

Another spasm, another dance around; the aching never ending. Archie could feel the weight and fullness of his bladder against the elasticated waist of his football shorts. He was full alright, more full that he could remember feeling for a very long time. Another bladder spasm. Relentless pressure, a dull ache not easing.

Archie tried ignoring it. He simply couldn’t. His penis shifted in his underwear. It flinched like a snake arising, it’s head jumping suddenly from facing down to almost horizontal, the weight of the urine in his bladder pulsating for release. Archie grabbed himself as a spurt shot out. He was at the end. His member could no longer settle and in one sudden moment it pushed forwards as more warm urine dribbled from his shorts.

Archie moved around non stop. He then stopped, bent forward, hands on his hips as if scouring the stadium as his body did what it had to do. The cold temperature, the sheer volume of liquid inside him and his forgetfulness to piss combined in his body to form a formidable force he couldn’t halt regardless matter how hard he tried to stop it.

He pissed. And he pissed. And he pissed. It ran down his legs in a steady stream forming two adjoining puddles on the grass beneath him. He had ached for that piss so badly the dull ache remained for a few minutes even after his body fully relaxed.

He must learn to hold longer regardless of circumstances. He dreaded tomorrow’s press release.

*005*2019-11-27 00:22

{{13 hours ago, wannawatch said:

Nice story, very relatable too. Good to see you're still here !

}}

I am very much around just lost confidence posting.

*007*2019-11-27 12:00

{{1 hour ago, wannawatch said:

Why is that then ?? Writers-block or some other issues ?

}}

There are aspects of this fetish that are a huge turn off for me (like nappies) but here the site is very mixed. It means you risk getting comments that actually turn me off and put me off posting.

I’ve been writing plenty just not posting for that reason.

I don’t comment on stuff that does nothing for me but some like to comment ‘they should wear a nappy’ or such on anything desperation related and it ruins it for me personally.

Each to their own etc but when I read or write about desperation I prefer not to have stories or posts turned to nappies all the time.

I’m hoping my new stories avoid that this time.

