Bad Luck Pants

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2018-10-06 22:01

Idea and story: MissMiniMe

English lessons and editing: Enamour

(If there is still errors, it is my typing )

BAD LUCK PANTS

First Chapter

They were just an ordinary pair of super skinny jeans. Light blue, well known brand and not too expensive. Ella handled them carefully and thought about trying them on. They were the only pair of jeans that interested her in the whole store.

Ella was wearing a black skirt. She had always been a skirt lover. But now she was actually with me, her old friend and classmate, in the women's jeans section. Ella had traveled earlier to my place from our old college town. She had a new job and her own students there, where we had just graduated from the teacher's college, education program. I moved after my history teacher vacancy back here to my hometown, but we still meet up together every now and then. We had a plan to go out in the evening and have some party time, but the weather was getting cooler than normal. I suggested that if Ella wore jeans too, we would be like twins.

Ella looked great in those jeans, like she did earlier wearing her skirt. Jeans were made for her slim body. She had a slight sparkle in her eyes when she looked at her backside in the mirror. Denim made me feel sexy and I think Ella was beginning to feel that way too. She made her decision quickly. She bought those skinny pants and left them on. She was also wearing a peach blouse, cream-colored heel shoes and carrying a small purse. I folded her knee length skirt, and put it in my bag. Now we were ready to have some fun and forget our first-year teaching worries. We were two young single, blond, long-haired women.

Friday evening was great. We were dancing, eating and drinking. We drank mostly water and tonic, but we also had a few alcoholic drinks at the club. It was after midnight when I noticed that the last bus was leaving soon. Ella started to look around as if she was seeking something.

" I don't wanna leave yet," she said. " Not until I ..."

" We have to hurry. The last bus is leaving just now! ” I hurried.

" I have to use the toilet and say good night to that nice guy and..." Ella said.

I pointed out the long lines of the women's room to her.

" Okay... no toilet then, but I will say good night very quickly." Ella sighed.

After few kisses and exchanging phone numbers, Ella and I rushed towards the bus stop. Ella moaned about how she needed to pee. We waited for a few minutes until we were sure that our bus had left. Ella tried to find public toilets, but there were none. All the nearby stores and other businesses were closed. I asked if we should go back to the club. Ella did another pee-pee dance and thought it was better to find a taxi as soon as possible.

When we found a taxi stop on the corner of the club's street, the queue was long.

" Oh shit! " Ella cried.

It was a big holiday, and crowds packed the club and downtown streets. After some desperate squirming, Ella sat on the curb alongside the street. She moved back and forth, keeping her purse tightly on her lap. We watched as the line slowly shortened. Ella sighed her "uhh-ohh's" and stepped and danced whenever she stood. But she stayed sitting on the curb next to the building's steps whenever possible.

Finally it was our turn. We sat in the back seat of the taxi. Ella kept her purse tightly on her lap. She seemed a bit more relaxed and her desperation had stopped. She started to speak normally. I thought I slightly smelled rubber and moisture through our perfumes. Could it be her wet spandex denim jeans? Could an adult woman really pee herself like that?

We left the taxi and I paid for our ride. It was dark night and I wasn't sure yet what had happened. We entered my apartment and I switched the lights on. The back of Ella's jeans really was wet and the wetness had spread down to her knees.

Ella looked embarrassed and asked: " Can I use your washing machine after I shower? I sat on the stone and I ... I think it was a bit wet and dirty."

It had not rained the past couple of days. I knew that Ella made it up.

" Of course you can." I answered and smiled at her.

The truth was clearly too embarrassing for her to accept, and I didn't want to humiliate her any further. Ella peeled her wet pants down to the floor. They smelled like cat pee. Her light pink panties were wet too, of course, and we threw them both in the washing machine. I gave her a pair of my pajama pants and let her shower first.

In the morning, Ella came into the kitchen wearing her own clothes, including her black tight skirt.

“ My skinnies were still damp, but I got my undies. You can have those jeans. I like skirts better anyways. " she said. " And Nora... I guess you noticed my... please don't tell anyone... about my accident."

The good (or bad) night's sleep had changed something.

" Oh that. I had forgotten the whole incident." I lied.

Remembering last night's occasions still made me shiver. We ate a good breakfast and I walked in silence with Ella to the train station.

" Thanks for the jeans, Ella! And don't be ashamed. I won't tell anyone, and no one saw what happened to you. " I said when Ella stepped on the coach.

" You saw it Nora... and that bothers me." she ended and disappeared among the passengers.

###

$$

*003*2018-10-10 19:34

Second Chapter

I sat on my bedroom's rag rug. I had spent several minutes polishing my nails red and doing my make up. It was the next day after Ella's visit, Sunday afternoon. I had worn black lace trimmed knickers, a black tube top and I was wearing Ella's jeans for the first time. They went well with the black blazer and my black knee-high suede boots. I picked this outfit to go out in.

$$

Since I am young and a pretty big spender, I took on a part-time job as a tour guide with a travel agency to earn some extra money on the weekends. I have a good knowledge of the local history thanks to my studies. Of course, still had to learn some details about certain things before I started.

I worked on a shuttle boat alongside the driver. We traveled between the coastal city where I was living and the historic castle island. My job was to check all passenger tickets and to tell two different stories on the trip to and from the island. I also had to prepare to answer easy (and sometimes harder) questions about the coastal or island attractions.

I was waiting for the shuttle boat on the dock. It was warm day, and I had bought one liter bottle of sparkling water. I drank nearly the whole bottle by the time the boat came. It was little late already and the time table was tight. I jumped on the boat and started to check the tickets immediately. I politely greeted and wished a good voyage to every passenger.

When we had left from harbor, the first thing the boat driver told me was that our boat's toilet tanks were full and there was no chance to empty them. He told me to tell all of the groups that their next opportunity for the toilet would be either at the castle or at the market's public toilets near the city harbor. For me, these words were horrible news. I knew I would have no chance in reaching either of those toilets.

" Are you kidding? I'll have to wait for hours! " I exclaimed, but the driver did not sympathise: " Nora, you are a big girl. You can wait if I can. "

He didn't know that I had drunk the whole bottle of water just before we started our shift.

Knowing that I missed my opportunity to reach the toilets made my situation worse. I couldn't think about anything else but my full bladder. I tried not to show any marks of desperation. Somehow I managed to do that in the beginning. During the later trips, I heard whispering and straight questions if I was okay. One of the male guests even took a second trip and I noticed him staring. He sure enjoyed watching my pee desperation.

The splashing water around us didn't help my condition. My bladder was like water balloon and I had to stop work early. I said it was an emergency situation, and asked permission to sneak away before our last scheduled trip. The boat driver promised to do some of my duties like checking passenger tickets.

I had leaked already and I had to tie my wide scarf around my hips. I felt a little relief when I was on the dock again. That instantly caused new spurts and after only a few steps on the street I totally peed my pants! My blazer, hand bag and scarf covered most of the wet spots, but not all of them. I felt how my socks were completely soaked inside my long suede boots.

I looked around and unsurprisingly, I saw the same over-excited male passenger sitting on the bench across the street. He had noticed my visible accident and hustled towards me. He asked if he could help me somehow. He touched my shoulder probably just trying to comfort me, but it made me very angry.

I thundered at him: " Don't touch me! You pervert! Go away! "

He got the message and scampered away at once.

I started to calm down as soon as the man left. I was worried for only one thing. I hoped that none of my students would see me on my wet walk home. I couldn't believe what had just happened. The last time I had actually wet myself was years ago on a first grade field trip. First Ella and then me. Two sensible adults, one weekend... and the same pair of skinny jeans. Unbelievable!

I sneaked home and washed my clothes before I did anything else. I was quick enough and lucky, because my little sister Nelli arrived at my apartment only minutes after I had finished washing, cleaning and showering. Nelli lives with me on the weekdays, because her college is close to my place.

I had saved my reputation, but I was so, so embarrassed…

###

*006*2018-10-13 11:22

Third Chapter

Nelli is my stubborn and sometimes irritating little sister. A daddy's girl, and as a child she mostly played with boys. She had short, black dyed hair. Her bangs were longer, though, always differently and wildly colored and partly covering her big, blue eyes. She is an inch taller and a more athletic girl than me. Slim and sporty. Good student in college. Much better than me in maths. Hardly anyone believes we are sisters. Especially since Nelli has such small, perky breasts, and mine are more normal sized.

We both play on the same volleyball team. On Saturday, we had a tournament game in a nearby city. I was driving and Nelli sat in the seat beside me. Nelli had a red football shirt and the skinny jeans on. She had found them hanging in my bathroom. It was typical for Nelli. She normally borrowed my clothes without asking and kept them for her own.

She drank her sport drink and made moves like she had to pee soon. I started to worry when I remembered what happened last weekend. Those same pants she was wearing now had caused two accidents. Or that was what I thought, deciding to wear a different pair of jeans after my accident.

I asked if Nelli wanted to stop and go empty herself before we were on a motorway. We were a bit late because of her long phone calls and Nelli said she could wait. I knew my sister and I recognized her need to pee, but I couldn't order her to take a pee break against her will. She is eighteen, after all. I asked again if she was sure. When she answered she was fine and she wanted to start training and stretching as soon as possible, I continued straight on to the highway.

After an hour driving, we arrived at the parking lot of the sports hall. I looked over at Nelli’s pants when she stood up. They were still dry after squirming on the seat the whole ride over. She continued drinking, however, and I was afraid something odd might happen to her too. Then I thought it was all just my imagination. There were no such thing as magic pants. Just bad luck and two similar incidents.

Nelli held her knees tightly together as she lifted her bags out from the tailgate of my car. We ran through the yard with our stuff. Nelli is the youngest team member, and as a newbie player, she had to carry our water bottles, balls and other stuff. We hurried in and saw a big desk. The woman behind the desk pointed toward our locker room without asking. They were on the bottom floor downstairs.

" Where are the toilets? " Nelli asked and the woman answered the bathrooms were down in the locker room, unless we wanted to climb up the stairs to the cafe.

" I'll wet my pants if step up or down any stairs, " Nelli said and found what she needed. " Ahh, Elevator! Nice. "

She dragged her bags and the volleyball bag in the elevator as soon as the doors opened. I went to the stairs and met my other team members stretching their legs there.

I heard a beeping voice and the woman at the front desk screamed: " Oh, not again! I have to call a repairman. "

Nelli had made too quick and powerful moves. The elevator had gotten stuck between two floors. She pressed the button again and again, but the elevator had broken. She was in pain and panicked. I tried to shout at her to not panic and that the repairman was coming. I didn't know if she heard me or not, though.

I waited a long while, before the repairman arrived fifteen minutes later. I called and texted Nelli, but I never got any response. She had probably left her cell phone in the car.

Finally, the elevator doors opened on the bottom floor. Me and the other team members were standing behind the repairman when it happened. All of us sighed. Nelli was standing in the corner of the elevator cabin, bending forward and holding her hands on her knees. There was large puddle of pee on the floor around her sport shoes. Her inner thighs and legs were wet.

Nelli was shaking and I knew she was crying under her long lock of hair. Tear drops were falling down into her puddle of pee.

" Cheer up! You are not the first person to wet yourself like that, " the repairman comforted. " I have seen many. "

I walked my sister to the locker room and Nelli undressed out of her wet skinnies. At least her very wet, red and white striped panties were hers, and not mine. She sat there in her wet undies a long time, wiping her legs with her towel and crying. Our self-confident college girl had changed into a crying baby. She had put on her uniform, but there was no sense in asking her to play with us. The opposing team had heard about the accident, and they were calling us all "panty pissers".

I did not play well that day. I had the third recent accident on my mind the whole time. Now I was pretty sure there was some witchery in those normal looking super skinny jeans.

I made my decision on the way home. I talked with Nelli and comforted her. She was feeling better and better. I didn't tell her about Ella's and my accidents, though. I thought it would be too weird. Maybe I was still embarrassed or feeling somehow guilty. I hadn't stopped Nelli from wearing my cursed jeans. In any case, I had to get rid of those jeans!

I started collecting old clothes in my room, getting them ready to take to a flea market. Atop the pile on my living room table, was the folded pair of bad luck pants.

###

$$

*010*2018-10-20 19:26

Fourth Chapter

On Friday, Hanna came to my place in the morning before work. We had agreed to carpool to work in her car. She noticed the pile of clothes on my table. I said that I was going to sell them at the flea market. The familiar back pocket design on the top of the pile made her curious:

" I haven't had jeans like these for years. Can I try them on? "

Hanna is one of my colleagues, the girl's gym teacher. She is over thirty years old, red-headed and has two children. Her body is still great after two births and she has a good physique. She is very popular among the students, especially the boys. Her body was curvy and she swung her hips whenever she walked. She definitely knows her best parts, and her clothes mostly have a pretentious aesthetic. I have heard whistles behind her when she walks down the corridors between the gym and classrooms. I have to say, I am a bit jealous of her, but I know she had spent hundreds of hours at the gym.

I knew her ass would look great in the light blue super-skinny jeans. Hanna took off her white suit pants and I caught a glimpse of her blue thongs and trained round bottom. She wiggled into my skinnies. Cotton and spandex made her even sexier than I expected.

" They are perfect. You look amazing! " I praised.

" I haven't seen you wear these pants before. Can I borrow them? " Hanna asked. " I'm worried that you might be able to see my thong through my thin, white suit pants. I didn't think about it earlier. "

" You can have them. " I answered, pleased.

At last, they were not mine any more. Hanna stuffed her white suit pants into her bag and smiled, like the devil inside me. I knew she loved her new jeans.

$$Friday's work day was unlike any other. In the afternoon, we had a readiness training for in case of emergencies throughout the entire school, including the surrounding grounds. My training point was in my history class. It was the last station before Hanna's point at the nearby park. She had a first aid training session there. Students were separated into ten groups and each group went through every training point during the afternoon.

After my pee accident, I was very careful and went to women's room before the start of the training. I had black jeans on, just in case. I knew teachers couldn't have big breaks and I was afraid of my bladder's ability to hold. The whole afternoon went well, however.

I hadn't confirmed with Hanna whether I was carpooling with her back home or not. I waited for her in the teacher's lounge for a while, but she had left without calling me or even coming into the school building.

On Monday, I found a plastic bag on my classroom desk. There was a note on it that said "Not My Jeans" with a sad face drawn after it. Hanna had given my bad luck jeans back.

During the day, I heard rumors that one of the female teachers had been seen wetting herself. My heart started to beat harder. I wondered if someone had seen my pee accident after all. I was a new teacher, and it would be the end of my career in this school. I felt sick until I heard a group of giggling girls mention the words "Pissy Mrs. M" in the same sentence. Mrs. M was Hanna's nickname, going by her last name.

Some of the girls made Hanna's accident very public, using social media. I saw the short, recorded file too. The title was "Mrs. M Laughed and Peed!!!". It really was Hanna. It showed the backside of the walking woman with red, wavy hair, a white blazer, light blue skinny jeans, black high heels, holding a dark brown hand bag and a first aid kit. It was the same outfit I had seen on her that day. Her hips were swinging like always, and the back of her thighs and bum were partly soaked. The patch of pee was round and the size of a dinner plate.

Hanna's popularity just increased among students after that day. She knew that she was in the dreams of many a young boy, and a male teacher as well. Her wetting accident had made her even more famous and, for a moment, the whistles had changed to requests to show more. Some female students confirmed later that the accident had happened because she laughed during the artificial respiration and mouth-to-mouth training. Hanna had confessed her obvious wetting accident and stopped her last group's training immediately. She then told them that they were all free to go home, and that they had seen more than enough.

Hanna never said anything about her accident, but I noticed her cheeks get slightly red every time she heard insinuations about her wetting from students or other teachers.

That was enough for me. At the end of that school day, I went straight to a flea market and sold the pile of my old clothes. Including the cursed pair of jeans. A beautiful, long haired brunette girl stared at me from behind the desk. She was the clerk and must have been in her twenties.

" You really want to sell these? " She wondered.

###

Fifth Chapter

My name is Fiona. This Friday evening is going to be so exciting. I have a date with my boyfriend tonight, and we are going to an outdoor concert. I am so, so nervous, but luckily I have my good luck flag underwear on. And guess what! One blond female teacher really made my day this week. She wanted to sell her almost brand new skinny jeans at my flea market on Monday.

They went so well with my black leather jacket that I thought I would keep them myself. I had the perfect outfit for the rock concert!

###

$$

*014*2020-12-14 16:51

I hope someone else could do that. Or even more ;)

My story storage is empty...

