A Golden Decree

Author: Markj9494

*006*2020-08-22 23:06

Chapter 2: The Queens Guest

Leaving hastily through the door they had all come through earlier Valorie followed the others, hoping they would show her to where she could relieve herself. Heaving open a large wooden door, the first woman led them out a side door to the castle and into a small courtyard that backed onto the river. Rushing out to nearby bushs or whatever cover they could find the group of desperate women began pulling and bunching up their clothes as one by one heavy streams began to fall onto the dirt beneath them.

Sighing with relief Valorie felt the weight and stress of the last hour leave her, but looking up she blushed deeply after realising what was happening. All around here were her new colleagues, pissing freely where anyone could see them. Well all except one, as she looked around the women she was suddenly aware that Morgana had not followed them, had she found somewhere more private to relieve herself? The raven haired woman certainly seemed to know her way around a castle, while her quiet confidence indicated she was use to this sort of thing. After a few moments of blissful relief the group recollected their thoughts, moving back into the room that was to be their quarters for the time being. Entering the room they found Morgana tidying up one of the beds that she had apparently claimed as her own.

“Hey, did you not follow us? If you need to go, I can show you where you can relieve yourself” Valorie said walking over to her and choosing the bed one along from hers. Despite not having spoken to her, she seemed like a nice person and could hopefully show her the ropes of how to behave now she was around royalty.

“That’s kind of you but I’m ok.” The black-haired woman said calmly.

“Really, even after all that?” Valorie asked. While she too had survived the trial, she was amazed by how un-phased her new friend was.

“She is just showing off, I best you’re dying to go. Your fake composure can’t fool me” Came a goading remark from Laura, the same woman Caroline had talked too earlier about her idle boasting.

Turning to look at the woman calling her out Morgana shrugged, “I mean I’m not trying to fool anyone, I admit I need to pee, but our job is to hold it while remaining composed. All I’m doing is exactly that, if you fail to do it in private how can you pretend to do it in the presence of our Patrons.” She finished, fluffing up the chicken feather pillows they had been given.

“Yeah, well I can hold twice the number of people as any of you.” Laura said as she aggressively pointed at each of them.

“I don’t think this is a contest” Another of the woman interrupted, clearly annoyed by the childish boasting.

“Which is a good thing for you, whatever your name is.” Laura replied callously, her disdain for them clearly not just limited to Morgana.

“Well, its nice to see you were too busy boasting to learn our names” the new speaker stepping forwards, her appearance slightly older than the rest of them with a body that seemed more fit for motherhood than servitude. But the extra few years of experience clearly gave her enough confidence to call out the younger womans claims, unlike Valorie or many of the others. Valorie for her part wasn’t sure what to do. She hated confrontation but at the same time she didn’t want to put herself in the middle of this by trying to mediate.

“Yeah, like you know theirs” Laura said, waving her hand around the room as the others paused to watch the heated debate.

“Well I am Charlotte, that’s Macey, Anna, Valorie and you seem to already have it out for Morgana.” The new blonde woman answered back.

“Whatever” Laura said, turning quickly and ignoring the rest of them, her long blonde hair pushed over her shoulder. A quiet silence falling on the group as the argument subsided and they began to inspect their new surroundings.

“Are you ok, you look a little nervous?” Morgana asked Valorie, noticing the young woman biting her thumb nail. It was a habit she had tried to curb, but given everything that happened today she hadn’t even noticed herself doing it.

“I’m just a little nervous, I’ve not had to serve a noble before.” She admitted timidly, looking at something on the floor and trying to avoid the other woman's gaze.

“I can give you some pointers if you want?”

“That would be great” Valorie said, the suggestion cheering her up instantly as she looked up. When she had thought about learning from her, she had expected to do it by watching what she did and copying. But this would be far better and hopefully bring her up to speed before the party tonight.

“Mind if I join, and me!” Came another couple of voices from beside them, their desire to learn also making Valorie realise that she wasn’t the only one new to this, they were all in this together.

Soon all of them except Laura were seated around a table in the kitchen, Morgana going over the basics of etiquette. Some of them knew certain aspects but they were all clearly missing a part of their education in these matters, their previous lords or ladies not requiring them to be this formal.

“And finally, that is the second dessert spoon” She said, indicating to the spoon three to the left and above the 3rd and 4th forks. Putting it down she indicated to the glass In front of her. “Glasses will always be filled from the right, which likely means from between you and your patron. Now, the staff here are responsible for filling them and making sure no one gets an empty glass, but we can help by making sure we are not in the way. Ideally if we are good at our job we will form part of a seamless operation to make sure that no one notices us or the other servants do our job”

“Couldn’t have said it better myself” Came a familiar voice from behind the group.

Turning around in their seats they were all surprised to see the Queens mother

“Lady Plover” Morgana said standing hastily and curtsying, something the others did quickly and to the humour of the woman they were now facing.

“Please, call me Lady Meredith. The title and name of Plover now falls to my daughter the Queen. Don’t let me interrupt...but good work” She finished, nodding approvingly before walking away.

Once out of sight the group let out a collectively held breath, sitting down they couldn’t help but laugh about it.

“I cant say this enough but thank you so much Morgana, you don’t know how much more relaxed this has made me about the whole thing.” Valorie said earnestly.

“Same here. I had no idea about any of this stuff” Anna said.

“Me neither, this really was a life saver” Macey added, almost laughing at the sheer difference from what she was use too at the farmstead she had been sold from. There were some meals where she didn’t even eat with cutlery, never mind 5 sets of it.

Smiling sweetly Morgana simply nodded, unsure of what to say. She had come from a castle run by an elderly couple that liked to pretend they were high up in the feudal order. A large part of that was getting their servants to treat them like royalty, as such they had accidentally prepared her for this new role. But at the same time, she and the other servants there hadn’t shared much in the way of emotional intimacy. Something that was putting her slightly at odds with these new women who seemed to look at her more like a friend, despite only meeting for the first time today.

“Alright ladies, stop sitting around here and go find your patrons. The preparations for the party are about to start.” Came another familiar voice, Caroline was seemingly never too far away. “But put all this back where you found it first”.

Walking back through the castle the group had separated, going to find those that they would be serving in the afternoon. But thankfully for Valorie Morgana was still with her, assigned to the queen and queens guests meant she at least had one friend with her.

Stopping at the large wooden doors to the queens room they knocked, only entering after the queen had said too. The ornate room was immaculately clean, two maids currently finishing up. The linen on the bed the whitest Valorie had ever seen and invitingly soft looking. Standing a few feet from the queen who was currently having her long platinum blonde hair brushed by a servant as they both curtsied before her.

“And who might you both be?” The queen asked, peering suspiciously at them. The faintest of crows feet the only betraying signs of an ageing face, her youthful skin protected from the years of hard work most women had faced in recent times.

“I am Valorie your grace, your new chamber lady.” She said curtsying again.

“Morgana your Grace, I will be serving as chamber lady to your guest”

“Mmm yes now I remember. Very well, but you cant represent me looking like that. Isabelle!” the queen cried loudly, summoning a short woman who ran in from the other room.

“Yes your grace” She said curtsying a little awkwardly as she crossed the boundaries of the two rooms.

“Find these ladies something more suitable to wear for tonight. They will be accompanying me and as such need to stop looking so much like peasants”

“Yes your grace” Isabelle replied nodding her head for the two of them to follow. Valorie took a step away before remembering one of the many things Morgana had said, hastily turning and curtsying yet again next to her friend who was doing the same.

Led through a set of double doors still inside the many rooms that the Queen had as her private wing, the three of emerged into the biggest dressing room that any of them had seen. All around them were manikins and shelves filled with ornate clothing and accessories. Although even in this room it seemed a number of items were missing, probably the ones that may have been sold to further bring in money for the kingdom.

“Right then, please strip and stand up straight. I will find something to fit you both.” Isabel said, looking them over and trying to guess their measurements.

Moments later the doors flew open and a gaggle of other servants entered. Each carrying something with them, from hair brushes to corsets and some things she had no idea what they were for. Surrounding the pair they began pulling, preening and pushing them around in a blur of activity that was making Valorie dizzy. But once they were done they quickly disappeared out of the same door, leaving the two of them bemused.

Looking at each other they couldn’t argue about the results though, the already beautiful Morgana looking more like a noble than ever. Her long black hair braided with a green ribbon tied through it to match her eyes and her flowing silk dress. Valorie for her part could barely recognise the woman in the mirror, the signs of the woman she was before hidden behind a facade of face powders and clothes she would never have been able to afford. If it hadn’t been for the slit up her thigh on the violet dress, she would have questioned how they would possibly do their job tonight. But it seemed that the people in charge had apparently thought of everything.

“ok lets go” Isabell said, indicating back to the queens quarters.

Standing awkwardly in the centre of the room, the queen approached them both, walking around them as if inspecting a cut of meat. Umming and arrring, occasionally pinching a bit of the fabric or moving an errant wisp of hair.

“Yes this will do, thank you Isabel." she said dismissing the servant with a wave of her hand. "Now Valorie, I must use you before the guests arrive.”

A little taken aback by the suddenness of it, she felt the end of the queen’s device pushed into her hand. Bunching up her new dress she inserted it inside herself.

“You will have to be more discrete than that in the party” The queen said frowning slightly at her, before parting the dress she was wearing and inserting it subtly with one hand. If someone hadn’t been watching closely it would have been hard to tell anything was happening.

“Sorry your majesty” Valorie said bowing slightly before straightening up as she felt the Queens pee start to enter her. The warm filling sensation from earlier coming back as her bladder started to stretch again. After a few moments she was Thankful she had emptied out earlier because the Queen could apparently hold quite a lot even though she didnt seem desperate. Her majesty ironing out a crease in the dress she would wear tonight that was sitting on a manakin of her likeness, all the while her urine pumped between her emptying bladder and Valorie’s filling one. After around 40 seconds she finished, breathing a sigh of relief and detaching herself from her chamber maid and handed her the other end of the device.

Valorie could definitely feel the large quantity of pee now sitting inside her, it was far more than any one of the servants she had taken in previously. It made her wonder quite how long had the queen been holding it. If she could manage this maybe her job tonight would actually be easy, but the advice of Caroline went through her mind again.

“If you will excuse me for a moment your grace” She said, planning to give herself as much of a chance of being comfortable tonight as possible.

“No no, the guests will arrive soon there is no time for that. You must both accompany me to the entrance so that we may greet them once they arrive.” The queen replied dismissively. A pair of new servants pulling on her dress for her as the queen studied her reflection in the mirror. Apparently satisfied with how she looked she turned to them both. “Come on then” and with that she turned sharply, the doors In front of her opening before she reached them.

The gardens were as impressive as the castle, the perfectly cut hedges and topiaries turning the acres of green space into somewhat of a maze. Standing at the entrance they were soon joined by Queens mother and the other chamber ladies, most of whom had been dressed up in fancy clothing and were nervously waiting for their patrons to arrive. Only Morgana and Laura seemed to be unaffected by the situation, their confidence inspiring but not quite rubbing off on many of the others.

Soon the first cart pulled up, its impressive carriage pulled by two giants of horses, their breaths visible in the cool afternoon air.

“Lord and Lady Wellington with their daughter Miss Sandra Wellington.” A man announced as the doors of the carriage were opened by the smartly dressed driver who bowed as they stepped out. A rather portly gentleman with a large bushy moustache was first to emerge, his eyes slightly wide and scanning around with an air of suspicion. Holding out his arm his wife quickly took it, a slim tall woman with wiry red hair.

“Ah Lady Plover!” he announced loudly, his deep booming voice surprisingly cheerful for his appearance.

“Lord and Lady Wellington, always a pleasure” the Queen said holding out a hand which the lord placed in between his hands as he bowed slightly to her.

“May I introduce my daughter Sandra” he said turning as an almost mirror image of his wife came up behind him, her much more striking red hair barely wrangled into a tight bow. Curtsying with some grace the young woman seemed to be avoiding eye contact with the queen. Given that her farther had just introduce her, was this the first time she had seen the queen, an understandable reason to be nervous Valorie thought to herself.

“Now im afraid to make our welcome so crude, but after a long day of travelling I would ask you for use of a privy my Queen” The lord said blushing slightly.

“Certainly, we have arranged a chamber lady for you and your wife’s use”

“A chamber lady” He said hesitantly.

“Yes, we have done away with the antiquated chamber pots of old and now have trained servants to help carry the weight of our consumption.” The queen announced proudly, skipping over the part about needing to sell them to pay for the war they had just lost.

“I had heard of these” Lady wellington said excitedly, elbowing her husband gently.

“Laura, these are your charges if you would like to relive them” Caroline said, having joined them at the entrance to oversee the roles she had set out earlier.

“Your lord and ladyship” the buxom blonde said, curtsying as she stepped out of line and then handing over the end of her device. “If you would like to make use of me, I am at your service.”

“Splendid” His lordship said, grabbing the end and beginning to rummage around in his clothing for a moment. His wife and daughter beginning to visibly fidget beside him, their own needs having to wait a little longer.

“How do you use this blooming thing” he announced, his frustration apparent at being unable to relieve himself.

“I can aid you if you would like me too?” Laura said, uncharacteristically calm and kindly.

“Yes, servant help me with this thing.” He said, almost throwing the other end of the device back at her in annoyance with it. Catching it Laura carefully slid her hands under the lords clothing to help attach it as she had been shown. It was a little different given she had only practices with other women but the process was more or less the same.

“Don’t get any ideas” his wife said half-jokingly to her husband, but the look she gave Laura was anything but humorous. After a few seconds the pair were attached and as Laura stepped away she heard him sigh heavily, a warm stream starting to flow between their bladders.

“Oh yes” He said, his posture sinking slightly as he enjoyed his bladders release. “Much more dignified than squatting over the floor like an animal don’t you think” he asked, turning to see his red faced wife and squirming daughter.

“What is the matter with you two?” He said in a raised tone.

“I require the use of the chamber maid too” His wife said, curtsying for some reason as if she had said something offensive or rude in the presence of the Queen who was still stood watching the spectacle unfold. “I…I do too!” His daughter said quietly “But I don’t know if I can…go with a crowd”.

“if your grace would allow it, perhaps I can help the young lady somewhere more private?” Morgana suggested. Her own Patron not having arrived yet she couldn’t help but feel sorry for the young girl. It was clear her need to pee was substantial, but in the presence of the queen she could do nothing about it without risking bringing humiliation to her family. How she was sure the girl would have been squirming and dancing around the gardens if were not for their presence.

“Ok, but be quick about it” The queen said, the young girl taking Morgana's hand and being led away from the group and to some relative cover.

Taking small steps they made their way between a group of tall shrubberies untill the young girl suddenly doubled over. “Please, I cant hold it. Im sorry, I should have listened to them and gone before we set off, but I didn’t need to go then and now I have been holding it all day and I…..

“Its ok” Morgana said softly, smiling at the young girl who had pushed herself so far for her family.

“Please, take this” she continued, handing the whimpering girl the end of her device. Hastily she attached it to herself and groaned loudly as a heavily pressurised stream burst from her, the speed taking Morgana slightly by surprise and after 20 seconds she was beginning to see why the young girl had been so uncomfortable.

A large bladder seemed to be a family trait, the lord now switching place with his desperate wife after filling Laura with a considerable volume. But it was nothing she couldn’t handle, her iron bladder had never been bested before and she wasn’t about to let it be now. But in spite of her confident demeanour, as her bladder continued to stretch from its previously empty state she couldn't help but wince slightly as her muscles started to cramp inside her. The suddenness and volume of the intake bloating her bladder uncomfortably quickly. Focusing on the feeling for a moment Laura had forgotten where she was, her mind unfocused as she felt the sensations going on her bladder escalate. But a sudden trumpet blast startled her slightly and looking over she could see a group of horses approaching.

Watching the Queen closely Valorie hadn’t see her act like this before, she was clearly nervous to meet whom ever it was riding towards them. Her immaculate posture becoming more emphasised as she straightened her back even more and began adjusting her hair constantly. Was this her guest, even if it was, why could she be so nervous.

“Lord Geoffrey Munster, Prince of the Western Isles.” The same guard announced as the slow clopping of a dozen or more horses approached them.

Stopping in front of them a tall muscular man jumped from his horse, his bushy beard and long hair jostling slightly as he adjusted himself after what must have been a long ride. Looking up he spotted the Queen at which point his own demeanour changed instantly.

“Your grace!” he said bowing deeply. “My apologise, I was not expecting to be met by you at the gates.”

“Prince Geoffrey” she responded, curtsying deeply. Clearly this was no ordinary meeting or guest. “Please call me Keira”

“As you wish my lady, may I say word of your beauty fails to do you justice” he said, bowing again and kissing her hand, a faint redness appearing in the queen’s cheeks.

“And who pray tell is this beguiling beauty, a sister perhaps?” He said, looking over her shoulder and towards Valorie who suddenly felt herself at a loss for words.

But a moment later it became clear she was not the focus of his attention but the returning Morgana. Her elegant frame walking passed her and taking her place next to the queen as the young lady she was helping returned to her parents who were still using Laura to relieve themselves. The Blonde chamber lady clearly feeling the weight of the contents of the two bladders but putting on a strong face.

“I…..” Morgana started before the lord gently cupped her hand, kneeling on one leg he kissed her hand too.

“She is just a servant” The queen said hastily, flustered by her guest’s apparent fondness for her.

“Surely not just a servant” He said, still holding onto her hand as she stood slightly awkwardly, caught between being courteous to the guest and not annoying her Queen.

“She is your chamber lady for today and for the length of your stay here.”

“A chamber lady you say, so it seems their services had reached even this far then. Perhaps I should tell my parents of their services if all goes well tonight” he said, finally releasing Morgana's hand, but still staring into her green eyes.

“Ahem” the queen clearly her throat softly, “would you like to join me in the gardens for a walk?”

“That sounds lovely” He smiled charmingly at the queen who seemed to relax a little.

“Although, after such a long ride would you excuse me while I relieved myself for a moment.”

“Of course” she replied, now back to forcing another smile.

“If you would accompany me somewhere more private miss, I would not dishonour your majesty by performing such needs in front of her” he said, causing the Wellingtons to glower at him. Themselves having only just finished up with Laura.

Getting a reluctant nod from the queen, Morgana was led back to the same corner she had visited with the young woman previously and out of sight of the others.

“Well, he hasn’t changed a bit since you were little.” The queens mother said slightly condescendingly.

“Mother”

“What, even as a young one he was always a bit of a ladies man. I remember even you seemed to have a thing for him.”

“Mother!” The queen repeated, this time tearing her eyes away from the bushes he and Morgana had disappeared around moments before to look at her. She was currently stood with a couple of her elderly friends smiling somewhat at her expense. All of them old enough to remember their children including her running around these same gardens with a number of the other princes and princesses of other countries.

“Why don’t you and your friends go and find something to do, maybe use your own chamber maid and stop embarrassing me”

“Kiera, once you are a mother you will understand the fondness we have for such memories, and do you think so little of us that you expect us to use your chamber ladies? We have never and will not stoop to such unbecoming levels as to use servants in such a way.” Her sentence mixed with pride and disdain, but it was clear it was not for the servants but those that would use them.

Valorie couldn’t help but think back to Caroline’s speech earlier, the two women clearly having such drastically different options of the service that she now provided. But would the ageing woman be able to hold it through the entire day, and what would she do afterwards. Surely the queens mother and her friends would need to relieve themselves at some point.

“Sorry about that” Geoffrey said loudly as the emerged from the hedges still adjusting his trousers slightly.

“Now I believe you mentioned a walk through your fine garden?” He added cheerfully, holding out his arm for her to take.

“Of course, would you like something to drink?” Kiera asked, sliding her arm through his and enjoying the closeness of his body to hers.

“I would love some wine If it is no trouble” He said, as they set off into the rest of the estate.

“Morgana, why don’t you go and get us something to drink. There are tables in the centre of the grounds, im sure you wont have any problem finding them right?” The queen casually suggested.

“Yes your grace” Morgana said, curtsying and walking off in the search of some wine for the queen and her guest

Walking behind the queen and her new friend, Valorie was putting two and two together. It wasn’t their jobs to fetch things for the queen or her guests, so it wasn’t hard to figure out the queens other motive of sending her friend away for tasks that were not hers. Despite their positions she clearly saw Morgana as competition for the favour of this man, getting rid of her was just a plot to let the two of them spend more time together. Something that became more apparent over the next couple of hours as the group of them walked around the gardens, Valorie walking around quietly and largely ignored while the queen seemed to send Morgana away at any and all opportunities. However, this to her worry meant a lot of trips to supply them with wine or Ale and that was something both of them were starting to notice.

By this point the grounds were full of guests and servants, from time to time they would spot another of their friends accompanying their patrons. Sometimes they would even catch a glimpse of them being hurridly connected to each other as the large amounts of wine took their toll on everyone in attendance, the queens group included.

“I am sorry Keira, but Im afraid I have drunk too much and must make use of your servant once again.” Geoffrey announced, but far from looking apologetic it was easy to tell he was excited. His eyes already looking over Morgana, even before they were out of sight. Leading the servant away by her hand he almost pulled the tall woman along as she looked back at the pair of them, Valorie now alone with the queen for the first time. Was she supposed to make small talk? or just remain silent?

“Why don’t you go and refill our wine” The queen said, indicating the half empty vase of wine that Morgana just had enough time to set aside.

“Yes your majesty” Valorie said, happy to be given something to do as she walked off to find the tables they had passed a few minutes ago.

Quickly backtracking she found the tables easily. Walking over to the one with similar jugs she went to grab a full one, only to find the ones on these tables were empty. Peering into a couple of them they were clearly drained of their contents, had the guests really gone through so much wine?

“Look who it is, where is Morgana then?” came a snide remark from Laura as she placed another empty jug on the table.

“She is with the queen and her lord.” Valorie replied, looking around for where she could get the wine for the queen.

“Who does she think she is anyway” Laura continued, ignoring her answer. “Walking around like she is better than us, well she will see who had the real iron bladder, even if I have to force the wine on my patrons to fill me up, I’ll show her.”

“Do you know where……” Valorie started, becoming a bit nervous about how long she was taking.

“And you, how come someone as plain and small bladdered as you got the queen. That should have been my job!” Laura said condescendingly, peering down her nose at her.

“Oh leave her alone, Caroline chose our roles not us” Anna said, she too returning a now empty pitcher of ale to the table. “But they sure can go through this stuff though”

“Yeah, and I’ll hold it all even if I have to do all your jobs for you.” Laura said confidently. “But my patrons require more to drink so if you will excuse me.” Walking off she seemingly disappeared and while Valorie was worrying about how long she was taking, she didn’t really want to end up at the table with Laura at the same time.

“Whats wrong with that one” Anna said, her legs pressing together slightly.

“Are you ok?”

“Yeah, just need to pee. My lords have been going through this stuff so quickly and are passing it on to me just as fast” she said, a hand resting on her slightly bloated stomach.

“The queen is too, I think she is just sending us out to get things so she can be alone with her guest.” Valorie said, becoming slightly worried she had said too much.

“At least the queen isn’t trying to undress you. The amount of hands I have had to swat away so far tonight is starting to worry me. Im sure the Ale wont help with that either.”

“Maybe they will get too drunk to be able to stand soon, so you wont have anything to worry about then” Valorie joked, happy to see a smile appear on Anna’s face. The short Brunette clearly agreeing and hoping it would happen sooner rather than later.

Accompanying each other to the new drinks table after giving Laura a few moments head start they each grabbed a large vase of wine and went their separate ways.

Arriving back at the queen who hadn’t moved far she was surprised to see that Morgana and her lord had not returned.

“Oh good, I was beginning to think I had been abandoned by my servants.” The queen said sarcastically.

“Sorry your grace” she apologised.

“Now that you are here, I need to relieve myself.”

“Yes your grace” Valorie said, handing over the end of the device to the queen who swiftly attached it and let out a steady 30 second stream. It wasn’t as much as she had pumped into Valorie earlier in the day, but it was still enough to make a noticeable difference inside her. The pressure multiplying quickly as the new weight of liquid settled inside her. pressing her legs together Valorie waited for her body to adapt to its new fullness.

“Keira, I thought you had more decency than to use your servants like this.” The queens mother said, rounding the corner unknown to both of them.

“It is their duty, its why we have them” she said, detaching herself and standing up straight again.

“That may be true but it is only because those are the duties we give them....why don’t we take a walk” her mother said, putting her arm through her daughters.

“Yes mother” Kiera said, the pair of them walking off.

Following behind them Valorie was becoming aware of the short and purposeful strides the queens mother was making. Was she too struggling with a full bladder, but refusing to take release on principle even if it left her uncomfortable? Walk around behind them for some time they were soon re-joined by the queens guest and Morgana who received a much more disdainful look from her, despite the lords suggestion they could find nowhere private enough to let him use her.

His explanation temporarily interrupted by a loud cry that could be he heard from a group of men, several of them crashing their goblets together. The end of their apparently entertaining story ending in a round of laughter and applause.

“You there chamber maid, I require your attention” the story teller shouted as ale swished out of his full goblet.

"Yeah and then I do and I think Rob and hell I think we could all do with a private session with you" Another joked boisterously.

“Yes my lord” Charlotte replied, pulling out her device for him to use. She had so far gone unused and was rather hoping the group she served would become to drunk to notice and simply relieve themselves outside. But it seemed she would have no such luck this evening, a fact she was cursing alongside the fact so many of the other women had failed the test earlier. With only 6 passing, it seemed she was supposed to be doing the jobs to two women given the size of her group.

Unlike many of the other patrons of the chamber ladies, it also seemed that none of Charlotte's group had an issue of using her in the sight of the others. One by one the group of young men attached themselves to her, letting out steady streams for several minutes as her bladder expanded in front of them. As the last man started draining himself Charlotte couldn’t help but grunt loudly, causing a cheer to erupt between the others as she clutched her now heavily distended abdomen. The short blonde haired woman’s body filling to levels that even she was not use too. She had been a chamber lady before, but nothing like this.

Breathing heavily Charlotte somehow survived the ordeal, her abdomen heavily bloated with the drunken bladders of the men and aching terribly. Her muscles were being stretched to their limits, but she had held. Although as the darts of pain started to shoot across her body she knew she couldn’t manage like this for long, fireworks of pain radiating out from her bladder as those around her cheered at its discomfort.

“Please," She stammered again. She had started to protest after the fourth man, but it had fallen on deaf ears as the next man had instantly attached himself.

"If you will excuse me sir’s I need to make myself comfortable so I may continue to serve you.” She said, trying to phrase it in a way that they may not fully understand what she meant.

“I thought you were to serve us all night?” One of them asked, his head cocked to the side.

“I am at your service for all of tonight, but im afraid I can not take much more. So if you would like to use my services later im afraid I must take a moment” She replied, stifling a groan as pulses started racing through her body. Her bladder contracting rapidly inside her abdomen more and more as the seconds passed and her body began to comprehend its actual fullness. The speed of her bladders inflation apparently causing her discomfort to lag slightly and only know was her brain catching up.

“well, I’ll consider it, if you go and get us another jug of ale. it would appear we are out”

But even as he was saying this she could hear the men boasting beside her. It seemed to her horror that they were treating it like a game, trying to see who could be the one to break her iron control.

“Please sir, im desperate” she almost begged while now bobbing on the spot, admitting her need in plain language for the first time. She watched the lord sigh deeply, his eyes softening slightly.

“Ok fine, but be quick and remember to bring us back two ale jugs. I cant say the others will be as generous so make the most of it.” he finished dismissively as he sat down with the others.

“Thank you sir” she said curtsying before standing rapidly, the separation of her legs almost causing her to lose it instantly.

Rushing through the garden Charlotte almost held her breath for fear that any relaxing would spell disaster for her aching muscles. Their rapid expansion from empty to beyond full in just minutes not giving her body any time to adapt or build strength in the muscles she needed right now. Picking up speed she cradled her distended bladder with both hands, her muscles threatening to breakdown at any moment.

Looking up she spotted Anna ahead of her, her hands full of yet another empty jug.

“Hey Charlotte, are you ok”

“NNN, NuuNN” She uttered, not stopping movement as she shook her head violently. The look of concern on her friends face easy to see as she passed in a blur in search of relief.

Rounding the next corner, her feet moving feverishly until she was forced to stop as a pair of elderly looking lords blocked her path. One of them currently emptying himself into Macey, the look of discomfort on her friends face causing Charlotte to double over as she watched her bladder swell before her eyes. The sight making her own throb deeply in sympathy to her friends plight, quickly skirting around them to resume her hurried rush through the gardens.

Looking ahead she was almost there, she was just moments from relief!

Pushing open the large wooden door to the servants entrance of the kitchen was almost too much for her, but she was too close to let go of her control now. Hurrying through the kitchen she felt it, the first wavering of her muscles that told her she was nearing a catastrophic and humiliating end. Racing between the tows of ovens and equipment her foot stepped in something sticky, her lace-less shoe pulled from her foot by something resembling uncooked dough. But Charlotte knew she had no time to spare, she had to leave it.

Continuing with one bare foot she somewhat shambled down the corridor holding her bladder muscles together with her hands, finally she could see the exterior door they had all used earlier. Slamming it open she hiked up the pretty blue dress she had been given for this event and no sooner as it had moved past her waist her bladder burst. A hot stream of urine spraying out of her as she groaned in relief, her head becoming light as she felt the most amazing sensation. Her tense body sagging a little as she finally fell into a crouched position, a few rivulets running down her bare legs, but thankfully the dress had been saved and so had her bladder.

“Alright love, looks like you needed that” came a voice behind her.

Turning her head slightly she was mortified to see a group of three male guards relieving themselves in the same small courtyard, each and every one of them able to see up her bunched up dress. Blushing madly she turned away from them, the stream coming out of her arching as she twisted but not slowing for one moment.

Despite the humiliation of the guards seeing her, Charlotte couldn’t help but feel relieved. She would really have to ask the men to space themselves out next time, or risk a repeat performance or worse.

###

Once again, thank you for reading.

Still a lot of backstory / build up, but I hope people are still enjoying it.

But as the guests continue to drink their weight in wine, things might be about to get a little uncomfortable for our chamber ladies.
