The picnic!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-10-05 07:50

At the beginning of the first half of the 20th century, was it common for wealthy people to live in large villas or in some cases in castles.

They also had plenty servants for their physical wellbeing.

In summer it was common for them to occasionally have the lunch in form of a picnic.

This usually took place further away from the main house at a little lake or pond that was also located on the property.

Of course there were tables and chairs and of course the servants had prepared everything when the high society arrived.

The super rich had already cars which they traveled to the picnic.

When the weather was nice, they spent hours for eating, drinking, talking and for doing nothing.

Surely after all the drinking and all the hours their bladders filled more and more, of course their human needs became stronger and stronger.

For the men was it not a big problem, they simply went into the bushes a little distance, but the women had to endure it until at home without peeing.

Of course, there was no possibility for the servants to urinate, but whether servants had to pee or not, that didn’t matter to anyone.

Servants had to serve and not to urinate. Serving was their function and the function of their bladders was to hold their urine until they were finished, no matter how long it takes and how urgently they had to piss!

Few of the society thought about the fact that women also had to pee and certainly not about the needs of the servants.

Sometimes were friends and other families invited to the picnics and it happened that especially young men, thought about the plight of women and took pleasure in it, that they had to hold their urine all day long and that they had a very full bladder in their bellies.

In this case, the young gentleman of the host was also one of them.

All the boys and all the girls in this story were older than 18 years.

Recently they had a new maid, she was just over 18 years old and she was exceptionally pretty.

Everyone likes her and she was beautiful to look for the men, as well for the young as for the older ones.

The son of the horse was nearly 20 and he also liked her very much, he liked her more than he should and it was also very arousing for him to know that this pretty girl couldn’t urinate all the time.

He thought about how full her bladder must be in the late afternoon and how tight she had to squeeze the slit between her girl thighs to keep her urine inside.

By the end, the woman’s bladders were full to burst because they had to drink constantly with the men, but they could press their thighs together under the table.

The maids didn’t have to drink as much, but they had to work with their overfilled bladders and were not allowed to show their needs.

From time to time, when nobody could see them, they crossed their legs for a short time.

The young men could also notice that with the new pretty servant when she felt unobserved.

To see that and the fact that the girl had to pee very urgently but couldn’t go, was turning him on very much.

All females could hardly wait until they came home to be finally able to pee.

The son wanted to keep the new girl from peeing even longer, he wanted to see her desperate.

Therefore he waited until the servants arrived at home and before the girl could go in the house, he stopped her and told her that he had lost something at the picnic area and asked her if she would help him look for it.

The girl liked the young man as well, she was even in love with him and was very happy and excited to have the opportunity to be with him alone for some time, but she had to pee so badly, she could hardly stand it anymore, she didn’t know what to do.

It would have been a shame to ask him for permission to piss before they left.

She was to shy to admit her need and it was simply impossible for a servant to talk about her bodily needs and so she asked if she could go inside for one minute only for drinking water, because she is very thirsty.

Thirst is also a human need, but a need of a complete different kind. It has nothing to do with her belly, nothing with her urine full bladder and nothing with that thing between her thighs where her urine wanted to come out so desperately.

The young man of course knew exactly what she wanted to do inside and exactly that she should not do.

The girl‘s bladder should remain full, he wanted to be alone with her for a longer while when she very, very urgently needed to pee.

That was it what he wanted and what would make him so absolutely horny!

However, he could hardly tell her that she is not allowed to go in to have a quick drink, but letting her piss now would destroy his whole plan and his desire for her piss need, which he had been thinking for hours.

Luckily for him, at this very moment came by two servants with a basket full of remaining food and drinks from the picnic.

He took out a full water bottle, gave it to the girl and said „ drink this, so you don’t have to go inside and we can save time.“

The girl was shocked, she had to pee so very badly, she couldn’t go, but she had to drink something instead. She didn’t know how long they would be away and she didn’t know how she would endure it.

The girl only took a small sip from the bottle and both of them knew why.

“But you were not very thirsty.“ said the man to torture her further.

She had to sit now in the car with him with a bladder that had been full for many hours, but before he said „drink again before we leave, we leave the bottle there.“

The poor girl had to drink again even though her bladder was already full to burst and she will not get a chance to piss for some time longer.

The young man wants the girl very much and there was now a little discrepancy between pity and lust, but the horniness won.

The servants are all good trained at pee holding and they can endure a lot of urge, even when it’s painful, but they are only human and humans have to piss sometimes and this girl will have to piss as well.

He wants to make her piss so very, very urgently, do much urgently that she can’t hide it anymore. He wants to see her visible fight against her need.He wants to see her make a knot in her sexy, beautiful legs and he wants to see her press her hands between her wonderful thighs, that’s what he wants.

The journey didn’t last long. He told her that he must have lost his lighter somewhere here and then they were looking for something that couldn’t be found because it wasn’t there at all.

The man had so much time, he enjoyed every minute he spent with the girl, the girl on the other hand could no more hide her distress.

She had pressed her knees and her thighs tightly together and repeatedly bent forward to give her bulging bladder a little more space and to relieve the pressure of her taut abdominal wall which pressed on her swollen bladder from outside.

She had to piss so badly that it was almost unbearable.

It would have been so easy for her to squat somewhere behind a bush, but she wasn’t allowed to do that. They were already tired of searching when the man offered to rest on the benches that still were here.

They were not really tired but he wanted to gain time to see her suffer more and longer. He wanted to see how she will deal with her desperation.

The girl had to sit down, she loved to be with him, but her tortured body wanted nothing more than to go home to be able to pee finally.

The girl‘s desperation grew even greater and her problem became more and more obvious, it also became clearer what kind of problem she had, but the man acted as if he didn’t recognize it.

After some time, the girl wanted to give the impetus to finally leave, so she said that she was sorry they hadn’t found the lighter.

She hoped that they would give up the search, but the guy didn’t even think about it.

He looked at her and asked“ Are you okay? You look like something‘s wrong.“

“Everything is okay, only my bladder is about to burst, i haven’t had a chance to go to the toilet since 6 am.“ answered the girl.

„Oh you poor thing, why didn’t you go before we left.“ asked the man hypocritically.

“I wanted to, but you didn’t let me go.“ answered the girl.

“You didn’t say that you had to piss, you said that you were thirsty.“ said the man apologetically.

“I didn’t dare to say that i had to go and that’s why i didn’t go, even though i could hardly stand it anymore. I didn’t pee, but i did drink instead. My bladder will burst if i don’t pee very soon.“ said the girl and pressed her hands between her thighs.

She was no longer shy, she talked about her strong urge to pee and she did all that what girls do when they urgently need to pee.

She said all that what the man wanted to hear and she did all what he wanted to see.

She told him that picnics are always a torture for the servant bladders, but this time is it especially bad for her, she couldn’t go when they arrived.

“Again said the guy „oh you poor thing you have to suffer so bad and it is my fault. I am really sorry.“

„You don’t have to be sorry, i like it to suffer and to hold it for you.“ answered the girl.

The young man was surprised by this answered wondered and asked himself „ did she say that just of politeness, or had she noticed that her urge to piss made him horny? Had she seen the bulge in his pants?

Does she like it to turn him on and make him horny this way?

Would she be willing to hold it longer for him, or maybe more often?

The man wanted to use this statement and the situation to torture her more and longer and said that he also smoked down by the pond and that they would continue to search before they stopped.

“Yes, we‘ll keep looking, but i have to pee so hard and so bad, i am really scared that my bladder will burst if i don’t wee very soon.“ said the girl and pressed again both hands between her thighs.

“You don’t have to be afraid that your bladder will burst, you would pee in your panties long before this would happen, but i think you can hold out even longer before you wet your patties, much longer or?“ answered the man full of horniness.

*001*2025-10-09 06:33

„I don’t know how much longer i will be able to hold my wee back, but i don’t think that i can hold out much longer.“ answered the servant.

“But you have to endure it or do you want to piss in your panties? You’re already too old for that, big girls don’t do that anymore!“

„ Is it really that bad and so urgently?“ he asked full of lust and he wanted to hear that it is very, very bad and that it is nearly unbearable for her.

“No i want not pee in my panties and yes it is very bad and very urgently!

You can’t even imagine how painful it is not to pee for so long and how much the bladder hurts when it gets so much overfilled.“ answered the girl.

We‘re just looking at the pond and then we’ll drive home so that you can finally pee. I think you’ll be able to endure it that long, or not?“ asked the man.

“As you already said, i have to endure it if i don’t want to do it in my panties.“ answered the girl.

“There would be a third possibility, you pull down your panties, squat and let all the wee out of you.“ offered the man.

“You would let me do that?“she asked hopefully.

“Sure, i always wanted to see how you girls piss and where it’s coming out of you.

I have never seen that before.“ said the man.

“No, i can’t pee in front of you, i thought you would let me go in the bushes.“ said the servant girl disappointed.

“You have now two options, either you let me look between your spread thighs while you piss, or you hold your urine furthermore in your bladder“ answered the man.

The guy didn’t know exactly what he wanted more, to see her piss or to see her hold and suffer.

She said that she had to wee so necessary urgent, but she couldn’t do it in front of him, she was too well bred for doing that.

The girl was not only morally well bred, servants are also educated and trained to suppress their physical needs as long as necessary.

She was trained to hold back her urine for hours and she is also used to not being able to wee when she has to, but this time was it especially urgent, maybe because she had to drink so much when her bladder was already very full from the entire day after arriving home from the picnic.

Her sphincter was well trained and very strong due to the frequent inability to pee and the occasional very long forced holdings and sometimes she was punished for this, because she had to endure more pain from her urge to pee.

Her bladder was tortured much more than that of a normal girl. Untrained girls would have wet their panties long ago because they couldn’t bear the pressure in their bladder.

The man would have liked to see the girl pee but he preferred to see her continue hold.

He thought about how big her urine-filled ball in her stomach must be after she hadn’t peed for so long and how much she must have to go.

He had loved it so much to see her naked, to see if her lower abdomen is swollen, how much it is swollen, to see if her bladder is visible bulging out of her belly and to see how this thing between her thighs looks where her wee wanted to come out so badly, but he couldn’t tell her to strip her clothes for him.

It was not usual that servants talk with their master about their bodily needs, but it was a little bit different between them, they were young and were a little bit more relaxed with their relationship and with their language.

After some time of a natural unsuccessful search, they returned to the car.

For the man was the search not unsuccessful because the girl had to pee even more urgently than she had to before and that was exactly the goal for him.

On the way home sat the girl with her legs firmly crossed next to him. To that time had a car no suspension and the roads were very bad. Every pothole affected the heavy, big overstretched urine ball in her stomach and made her moan loudly.

The man looked at her and said „ oh you poor girl.“and smiled with pleasure and lust.

“You like to know that i have to pee so urgently. Don’t you? You like to see me suffer so much, this is the only reason why you took me with you, only for making me hold and for torturing me.“ said the girl.

„ Yes exactly, i am sorry but i love to see you like this and i can’t get enough of it.

I saw you this afternoon standing with your legs crossed, you really already needed to go then and so many hours later you still haven’t peed, that is so amazing and so great and so arousing for me. How much longer could you last without peeing?“ asked the guy.

“I don’t know but if you like it so much i can try it for you how long i can hold out, but i think much more than now i will not be able to endure.“ answered the servant girl.

“You would really do that for me?“ asked the guy surprised and aroused.

“Sure i would, i told you that i am ready to suffer for you and to torture my strong bladder for you. I will not pee until i absolutely can’t stand it any longer, but i think much more than now i can’t endure.“ said the girl.

“That sounds so hot, i can’t wait until you will do that for me.

You won’t pee this morning. You‘ll bring your bladder full of your night‘s urine to our first date.

I think your bladder will always be very full in the morning and you‘ll probably need to pee urgently by now, but then you will not go for so long as possible, you will hold it back for me until you absolutely can’t any longer, until cannot stand it any longer.

Will you do that for me?“ asked the guy.

“My bladder is always very full in the morning and i have to go there very urgently, but i will not go, i will hold it back until we meet and then for as long as i can, or until i can’t anymore. Is it that what you want from me?“ asked the girl.

