Tales of the Chronic Bedwetter

Author: minn33

*000*2023-01-21 22:50

[Part 1]

Peter moaned, stretching his legs, flexing his muscles built strong by years of dancing. He was surrounded by warmth, as if laying in a jaccuzzi on a warm spring day. The wonderful sensation of the water moving around his body, soaking into his clothes and skin, caused Peter to shiver in pleasure.

Peter opened his eyes. What a wonderful dream. He was so warm and wet. So warm and wet. Wait. Peter's eyes shot open and he felt around him. It hadn't been a dream--he was completely covered in piss, his bed was thoroughly soaked.

It must have just happened, thought Peter, as his clothes and sheets clung hotly to his body. Maybe that bottle of wine last night was a bad idea. Peter knew that drinking even a pint of beer was enough for him to give his bed a thorough soaking. He should have worn a diaper.

Peter felt around him. The smell of piss was hot in the air. He lifted his sheets to inspect the damage. Bad. There was a huge pool of pee beneath him that had crept up all the way to his pillow thanks to his mattress protector. As he put the cover back down, Peter's bladder ached and he felt a fresh surge of hot pee flow out of his penis, spilling over his stomach and on to the bed. He sighed, giving in to his uncooperative bladder and relished as a fresh pool of piss pooled around him. Utter bliss.

After fully emptying his bladder, Peter opened his eyes. A huge smile crept across his face as he moved his hands across his piss-soaked sheets and then his piss-soaked shirt. The hot stickiness of his urine made his cock twitch. He raised his hand up and rubbed his soaking shirt into the skin of his chest. His cock grew harder.

Peter slowly moved his right down his chest, his hand finding his very stiffened cock surround by his wet boxers. He moved his hand inside, feeling the warmth of his piss drip onto his hand, and slowly began to stroke himself.

Moving his body around his puddle, Peter flipped over on his stomach, forcing his face into his own urine. He inhaled deeply. Peter began to gyrate aggainst the sheets, feeling his still hot piss caress his skin. He gasped.

Peter's hand grasped his cock harder, quickening his movements as he continued to rub against the piss in his bed. His breath quickened. As he stroked himself faster and faster, he couldn't believe that he still wet the bed at 32 years old just as he did when he was 10. The thought of his complete loss of control of his bladder pushed Peter over the edge, hot cum splashing onto his messy sheets.

Intense waves of orgasmic aftershocks shook through Peter's body as he slowed the stroking of his softening lenis. He flopped onto his bed with a satisfying splash. A huge smile made its way across Peter's face and a laugh erupted from his mouth. It felt great to be a bedwetter.

*001*2023-01-28 23:51

[Part 2]

That makes 3 times this week alone that he has wet the bed, Peter thought as he pulled the piss-soaked sheets kff of the bed. He sighed. It was clear his "little" accident was too much for both his absorbant pad and matress protector to handle. There was now a fresh pool of pee on the matress, adding to the ever-growing stain on his bed. He shook his head--he was definitely wearing a diaper tonight.

The shame of his soaking wet clothes and sheets hit him as Peter loaded the soiled sheets into his washing machine. He wanted to hate wetting his bed. As a man in his early 30s, it seemed so childish that he couldn't hold his bladder in his sleep. Waking up was always a roll of the dice if he was going to be dry the next morning, especially when he drank even a little bit. Damn that bottle of wine.

Peter started the washer and walked into his kitchen, his soaking shirt and boxers still clining tightly to his muscular frame. He worked quickly in the kitchen, getting a pot of coffee going and chugging a huge glass of water before making a large bowl of cereal for breakfast. Still wet, Peter sat at his kitchen bar, smelling his freshly brewed coffee and taking large, fast bites of his cereal.

After finishing his bowl of cereal, Peter felt that large glass of water hit his bladder. Well, he thought, I'm already soaked. With that, he released the contents of his bladder all over his wooden barstool and floor. He felt his hot piss pool beneath his ass and finally run down his legs before splashing back up on his feet. Peter was thankful for investing in wood floors as he finished peeing in his chair.

Peter looked at his watch. Damn. Time to get ready for workshop. He had hoped to have had a few more hours in his wet clothes, but sadly he would have to wait until later. He got up and cleaned his stool and floor while his freshly soaked clothes kept rubbing against his skin and dripping down his legs. If only he had just a while longer in these clothes...

He walked to the bathroom, peeling off his soiled clothing and dropping it on the floor. Peter admired his muscular physique glistening all over from piss. His shower washed away both his joy and shame. Toweling himself off, Peter frowned. Today was choreography and spandex was a bit too revealing for the chance to wear a diaper.

Dryed off, Peter put his now clean sheets in the dryee. He went to grab his pissy clothes from bathroom and couldn't help but to inhale deeply. He relished in the smell of his urine and felt his cock twitch again.

Peter crept his hand down to touch his hardening cock. No! Save it for this evening. With that thought, Peter went to the kitchen and chugged andother large glass of water. He wondered how much he could drink and hold today.

