Monica’s Shame

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2019-05-24 20:46

Chapter 1-Trying to get a wee before leaving

Monica scrubbed her body as the boiling hot water poured all over her, flowing down in tiny rivers that splashed below and went down the drain. Her rock hard muscle, yet very thin tan body shined in this hot water which steamed up the whole bathroom. Monica whistled while she soaped up her broad shoulders.

Lots of girls had hot bodies, but Monica made sure she had the one no boy would expect growing up. Having started lifting weights in high school, and having just graduated college and working as an engineer at a plant for construction projects, she now built a well-fit body that got a lot of guy’s attention at college. One guy while she waited in line for dinner at college her sophomore year grabbed her ass, and she flipped around, twisted his nipples and brought him to the ground. The whole cafe cheered that day and the douchebag was expelled, from that moment on men (and some women) loved this brown hair women’s muscular tan body. Not tall, average girl heigh.

She rubbed the shampoo through her hair as her nipples flattened from the hot water, her awesome body in v-shape down as she bent over in that moment and scrubbed her crotch, getting a bit aroused while doing so. She finished and headed out the door, her roommate Emma bouncing in agony and rushed in. Monica hid her small laugh. “Oops” she said. She shared the house with a couple friends.

Monica slipped into her tight black skirt that seemed to be a little too short for work which showed off her sexy hard calf’s and ass of steel. She put on a tight White top without sleeves just over the shoulders but boy did it show off those two breasts that were round and hard as bricks. She slipped her sock less feet into some black high heels. She brushed her dark brown hair so it went straight down just past the shoulders and was perfectly wavy. She drank the last bit of her morning coffee she left on her dresser before she showered, then went downstairs for a refill and drank that right down.

“Ok, I should head out,” Monica said, seeing the clock. She lived in the city and had to take the train to work. She bagged the blueprints of the project they were working on at her plant, and felt a very small twitch in her abdomen. Well, that coffee traveled fast. She went upstairs and knocked on the bathroom door. Her roommate was still in there. “Emma, you almost done? I have to get going and I want to use the bathroom one more time before I leave.”

“I have to get ready too ya know!” Emma yelled. She worked in the mayors office.

Monica sighed. Her arms crossed across her chest trying to keep it together. “Ok, but it’s a bit of a ride to work, I just want to go one last time. I think I drank down my coffee too fast.” She bit her bottom lip and raised an eyebrow in wonder if she will get in or not?

“Is it an emergency?” Emma asked without concern in her voice.

Monica rolled her eyes. The fuck was this chick’s problem!? “No, but come on, let me in. I barely feel it but I just want to let it out now.”

“Door is open,” Emma said.

Monica opened the door, and there was sexy Emma in a pile of soapy bubbles that leaked over the edge of the tub. Monica put her hands on her hips and started to tap her foot in annoyance. When was Emma gonna get out of the tub. Seeing the toilet right there caused a slight jolt in her bladder.

“Well, you gonna go or not?”

“Not with you in the bathroom with me!”

“Pff. Come on girls don’t have shy bladders, it in our nature. Now get going.”

Monica could squash that myth in a heartbeat. She was a tough chick, but after twenty-three years on this earth, she fell weak when it was her bladder, peeing with someone on the other end of the door was hard enough, but in the same room!? Monica just shook her head and went downstairs and out the door. “I’ll just go at the train station,” she said to herself.

She was almost done with her apple when she got there, her bladder having been humped around as she speed-walked there since she was running late after having to argue with Emma. The twitches made her lips curl to the side a couple times having felt slight discomfort against her abdomen. She grabbed her ticket after she paid at the machine, and saw sadly the women bathrooms were out of order. A long line of men and women waited outside the men’s room. She tossed her arms up. She sighed having become annoyed. She did all she could, hopped on her train, crossed her legs and wiggled the foot that went over the other leg as the train made its destination to the other end of the city where Monica worked.

She got off and ate the rest of her apple as she entered the ladies bathroom. The pressure now stayed there in her abdomen. Nothing extreme, but it was like a hot bubble was growing and pushing against her insides slightly without stopping. There was only a couple stalls in this bathroom, and one was occupied as Monica noticed the other women’s feet. Monica went into the stall but her phone started buzzing.

A text message from her boss Alicia. It read: CODE RED! NEED ALL SUPERVISIORS ON THE PROJECT IN ENTRANCR HALL IN NEXT TWO MINUTES!

“Fuck!” Monica said as she looked at the time. She had to clock in five minutes or she’d be late. She looked down at the toilet, frowned, as there was her relief but there be no way to make it in time to the meeting if she peed. The urk of being a woman, you could not just wiggle it and be done. It was a process. She bounced a little, annoyed, and She bit the last part do her apple and tossed it in the toilet and hit the flush handle with her foot as she left without peeing. The flushing sound causing her to blink hard and raise one leg backwards trying to stay tight and keep it in. The remaining stub of the apple being flushed down the into the plumbing, the twitches in her bladder becoming more aggressive that one would start to try find a bathroom at this point.

To be continued...

*004*2019-05-28 13:38

Chapter 2—It’s gonna be a hell of a day

Monica kept her legs tight together as she speed walked to work. She brushed her dark hair out of her face smelling her apple shampoo and felt a little sweat on her forehead. No doubt from her gut pumping nerves as her bladder pulsed in a bloated heat motion that felt like a harsh discomfort and made her twitch a bit. She reached the lobby of her engineering firms building where the other workers and supervisors were for ether the city power plant project.

“All right team!” Her boss Mickey said. “At 4 PM today I need all of you at the city hall meeting room. Tons of the town will be there along with lots of new cameras. The mayor will be revealing our plants project initiative and I need one of you to sit up there with me. One of you supervisors.”

Everyone touched their noses except Monica.

“All right then Monica. See you on stage.”

Monica’s eyes widened in shock. Her jaw dropped a little. “Um...Mickey...”

“Get to work everyone!” And the group disbanded.

Monica was left standing there in shock. She suffered from intense stage fright and hated attention on her, even a little. She sighed, and walked off grumpy. She was quickly reminded of her bladders growing need. “Damn,” she said to herself. “I gotta get to the bathroom.” She turned the corner on the floor and paused at the bathrooms in shock, her arms flung up in despair.

Both the men’s and women’s room were locked up with yellow tape around them saying “maintenance, sorry for inconvenience.” She walked to the elevator which was also out of order, and thus used stairs having to face painful bladder bumps along the way. It was as if the universe had something against her. She knew she needed to go bad at this point. Monica never did have the strongest bladder, and having been in sports while in high school she always took in lots of water to stay hydrated, yet she could never hold it back for too long.

She reached the second floor and felt thankful that her relief was just about-

“What the fuck!?” Monica screeched. Her legs shook inwards at the knees as she held back the large bubble of pee that was her bladder. The wall to the men’s and women’s room had been ripped out and the bathrooms were being torn apart at the floor by construction workers. Exposed pipes were all around, a couple of which were leaking and did not help Monica’s unfortunate predicament.

Her friend Marcy passed by. Monica grabbed her and asked, “Marcy! What’s going on with all the bathrooms?”

“They’re remodeling the building. That’s why the meeting is at city hall today and not here.”

Monica’s hands rubbed down her face. “But like...where are we suppose to...?”

Marcy pointed downward. “Outside in the back of the building. They got us a porta potty to do our business. Totally disgusting though.”

Monica let out a sigh and walked to her office where she placed her things on her desk. Her creepy male college intern Brian, who acted as her secretary was there.

“Brian, why didn’t I get a notice about the bathrooms being closed? That’s important stuff to know.”

Brian pointed to her calendar on the wall where on today’s date there was nothing but a drawing of a toilet with an x over it. “I did, see!”

Monica turned to give him an angry look. She walked over with her finger up ready to lecture. “Listen Brian-“ but that’s when her bladder let off a big groan, a pulse that expanded large and wide like s balloon of helium, so much that she kicked one foot back as she crossed her knees together and bounced in place. Brian was clearly turned on by this. But Monica knew her needs were getting VERY serious at this point. The bad feeling of needing to go very bad was staying there, so she would have to put off this lecture until later.

“You ok boss?” Brian giggled.

“Just, get back to work. I need to go take care of an emergency.” And with that she struggled off in the most awkward walk ever.

Another painful trip down the stairs, and then to the back of the building. She was more than ready to release this monster growing inside of her. She had been holding it for an hour at this point. But as she turned the corner, she was horrified to see a long line of other workers, both construction and those of her office standing in line for ONE porta potty. Monica’s lips trembled in disbelief. She pushed her hands into her crotch to hold off another huge pulse, this one kind of painful. She bit her lips and turned her head hoping that when she looked back this would all be in her imagination and there would be no line or other porta potty’s, alas, the same horrifying line was still there.

Monica hurried to the front of the line. Her bladder pulsing harder as she got closer and she started to sweat. “Excuse me but I’m sorry I’m just very desperate and-“

“Me too sweetie,” said the construction worker at the front of the line. “We all are.”

Monica bounced with her legs crossed. “Excuse me Jamie?”

“No Moncia. I’m desperate too.” Which was shown by Jamie’s tightly crossed legs in her black work pants.

“Jack,” she said. “How about after I buy you a drink-“

“I love ya Monica, but I got business to do.”

She went down the line hoping for some mercy among these 20 people. However, none would let her cut. And dropped her head in utter defeat as she waited in the back with her legs crossed, arms tight on her sides in fists, and shaking her hips back and forth. “Why oh why did I have to drink so much coffee?”

The line felt like it took forever, and as each person went which got Monica closer to the front, it only made her more desperate. She felt like a girl who woke up with a morning urge to pee like hell.

“Come on come on come on!” She shrieked in despair, ready to burst. She was finally at the front, dancing foot to foot in her heels which made a clapping sound. She knocked on the door. “I’m sorry but p-please h-hur-hurry!”

After a couple more painful minutes, the door opened, and Monica smiled....however, she she stepped in she was pulled back out and thrown to the side. Jamie was crying and slammed the door.

“What the hell!?” Monica freaked. She tried to pull open the door but it was locked shut. “Jamie I was next.”

“I need a few minutes Monica. Tod just dumped me and usually I cry in the bathroom but this is all I got.”

Monica sweat in close to a nervous breakdown as she kept her legs tight together. She held her abdomen which pulsed like a heart going way too fast. Which given how nervous she had become was likely how her heart seemed.

“Jamie please I have to get in there!”

“No! Go get a drink or something. I need like half an hour at least to deal.”

Monica stood in shock, and her panties and dignity close to doom.

To be continued....

*010*2019-06-26 23:19

Chapter 3-A short and dangerous encounter

Monica squabbled back to her office and sat down at her desk, her bladder ready to burst! She sat with her legs crossed hard and then noticed her coffee mug with a picture of a waterfall on it. “Oh hohoho!” She moaned in disparity. Her legs shaking, bladder pulses becoming so painful she almost cried. She put the mug on the ground and decided as much as she hated to, she’d have to use the large mug to contain the flood within. This was getting too serious, and she was a nice cute girl, she didn’t deserve this! Why oh why was it happening!?

She took some deep breaths. Her gut on fire from the nerves. She carefully got off of the seat and aimed her ass over the mug on the floor trying to line up with her splincher which was close to shattering. “Here goes nothing.” As she peeled down her panties, her boss walked into the room and she flung up from her slouch and crossed her legs as she felt herself about to blow!

“Ready for the meeting?” Her boss asked.

Monicas heart sank. “I...I...I thought it wasn’t until 4?!” She panicked. Barely able to control herself from shaking due to the intense, insane urge to pee right there and now. What made it worse was her boss slurped loudly on his coffee as they spoke, and the water slushing sounds made it harder to keep it in and control. She wanted to cry, poor, poor girl.

“Moved up to 3. So it’ll be within the hour. Do make sure you’re there. I’ll need you on stage.” And with that he left. But not before stopping at the water fountain in her office, but instead of pulling one of the paper cups, just pouring more into his coffee cup, and oh how the pouring tortured Monica. She felt physically and emotionally ill, just ready to have s nervous breakdown and get locked in the psyche ward because that’s how bad it would be if she soaked herself at this job that took forever to obtain. “See you then sweetie,” he flicked her a wink and some liquid from his cup dripped to the floor and splashed.

Monica almost yelled as she grabbed her crotch in agony, shoving her finger so deep in under her panties shaking up and down with her eyes closed and grinding her teeth. Heavy breaths exhaled from her. She laid her head down on her desk as she crossed her legs, wiggles her foot and had her hands holding on.

She didn’t know what the hell she was gonna do.

(to be continued)

*015*2019-07-03 21:32

Chapter 4–The World Against Her

Monica got up and gathered her things. Her bladder ached so bad she almost fell face first in agony but held herself on her desk with the other hand on her abdomen and bladder. Her bladder had stretched to limits a bladder should never go. It felt as though it drilled out of her side, while melting through her front. Her crotch burned and struggled to keep it closed. Monica was sweating and panicking, barely able to control the intense urge overcoming her. Her nipped erected and pierced the tight white top she wore. She crossed her legs and tapped her foot aggressively as she bounced. Thinking she would never stop. She never had to go this bad in her life! MONICA NEEDED TO PEE NOW!!!!!

“Oh, doh!” She moaned. “Why...why is this happening to me?” She cried. She helped people when they came to her, hell, she was volunteering the other night at a dog shelter. Why did such horrible things happen to the good?

She wiped her tears, shaking her hips as her whole body spasmed and almost cause release but she somehow held back her flood. She walked with as much dignity as she could out of the office. She was at the elevator and hit the button but nothing.

“Sorry sweetie,” said a maintenance guy she just noticed working on some wires that stuck out of the wall. “Elevator down for upgrades. Stairs are fine though.”

Monica froze. Her bladder so painfully and uncomfortably full and going down several steps would be agonizing. She made her way and gulped before taking first step. “Ah...ah..AH!” Each step burned worse than the last. Like someone lit a boxing glove on fire before hitting her in the abdomen. She felt as if her rib cage was breaking as the pressure became so intense by the time she reached the bottom.

As she headed out the building and made her way to the donut shop across the street she noticed before entering an out of order sign on the bathrooms. This was getting serious!

Monica tried the next business over. The hostess greeted her with a wide smile. “How may I seat-“

“Bathroom!” Monica said while shaking. “B-bathroom can I please use your bathroom?!” Her heart raced and breathing so fast her belly hurt from the full bladder and having to expand from breaths. She almost fell to her knees in the pain of it all.

The hostess folded her arms. “Bathrooms are for paying customers only.”

“Please! I have to use the bathroom so bad. SO BAD! I just need a minute-“

“Mam!” Said the hostess. “Our sign says paying customers only. We have small bathrooms and must save room. I’m sorry.”

Monica’s lips quivered as a tear rolled down her cheek. “But...but I might actually have an accident. Please, I don’t have enough cash for anything on me. I just gotta go, please.”

The hostess shook her head in a nightmarish rejection to Monica who saw the bathroom across the hall as a woman came out looking relief with a nice toilet behind her. Oh why couldn’t that be her?

Monica dropped her head in defeat and walked off. Ready to explode as her bladder started to rumble with one intense pulse after the other. Dropping to her knees crossed and people started to stare at the girl whose world was about to end.

To be continued...

*019*2019-07-11 22:25

Chapter 5–The Ultimate Hold

Monica was tan but turning as red as an apple as sweat was bleeding down her face and she shook on the ground like a pathetic child unable to wait. Her hands burrowed in her crotch, and everyone staring at her as she literally felt like she would explode all over them any second. The pee like a knife feeling like it was cutting through her crotch to escape, the pain unbearable.

“Mam.” Said someone. “Are you ok? Here let us help you up.”

Two more guys came over and even though she shook her head unable to speak due to the terror freezing her lips, her pupils completely dilated from the stress and every muscle tense to the point of cramping, they lifted her off the ground and she kept her legs together tight as possible waving her hips back and forth turning some of the guys on since she was wearing a sexy business outfit.

“Dear what’s wrong?” Asked an old lady from the crowd who came up.

Monica was slouched over, in a huge panic attack. She was going to wet herself here in public, utter humiliation which would ruin her life! Everything she worked so hard for, her reputation ruined forever. That’s when she noticed it.

“Th-th-tr-train station!” She said in a moan. Where she was going to release this morning before it got really bad.

Monica beat past the crowd and ran, ran for her life.

“Mam you dropped your-“ but she was off and didn’t hear them at all.

Monica burst through the doors of the train station seconds from exploding and being humiliated. There it was, the ladies room. She headed over unable to believe she made it, that despite this being the worse she’s ever had to pee in her life she was going to make it. Despite feeling like she would fail and actually have an accident in her twenties. That’s she would make it. That she “WHAT THE FUCK?!” She said.

Monica frozen in terror, shaking all over like she was having spasms from a heart attack. Both bathrooms were closed. Out of order signs posted across the doors and the janitor mopping up puddles that flowed from underneath their entrances. She was just here a a couple hours ago when she finished her apple and tossed it in the toilet, thinking all would be ok. But it wasn’t. It wasn’t and now here she was.

“Wha...what’s wrong with the bathrooms?!” She said as her knees crossed hard, and arms stuck to her sides making huge fists at the waist.

“Some idiot, looks like from the women’s room given how the flood started, tossed an apple core into the toilet and it got stuck in the water valves and since they’re old the pipes burst. Now we all have to wait hours before they can be fixed.”

Monica couldn’t believe it. Her current pain, agony, her issue was caused by HER!!!! She destroyed her last chance. Her last chance at relief. Worse than that!

Seeing all that water and being so close sent her bladder into free fall and a spurt escaped. She crossed her legs hard and arms crossed on her chest as she bent forward. She had to fight SHE HAD TO!!!!

“No no no!!” She cried actual tears. “This can’t be happening!” She squirmed around as people watched and giggled and whispered to each other, knowing exactly what was going on . She could not stop stuttering around on her feet as she danced across the floor each leg crossing over the last. Her clothes drenched in sweat, and about to be drenched in something else.

Another spurt tried to make her panties moister, but at the last second she fought it off shaking it off.

“Hey want to dance baby!” Said some random meat head. He grabbed Monica by the hands and pulled her close and started to dance around which was just her feet dragging on the floor. Her bladder hard as a rock pressing into him which he liked, but his rock hard abs pushed back and strained her bladder. Like squeezing a balloon trying to pop it, that’s what he was doing to her.

He loves feeling her hard tense body and sweat rub on him. Making him feel like they were both naked in a shower this was so hot.

”Let me go asshole!” Monica yelled she tried to push away but he was too strong.

He spun her around and she kept her legs double crossed to the ankles, and dipped her. Crying as it felt like a cinder block was burrowing into the body as her bladder was so massively filled. This hurt. That’s when she slapped up and hit the guy and made a run for it.

She stabilized herself, but this was it. Another huge spasm like the other two which almost destroyed her and that would be it. Her phone buzzed and reminded her of her work commitment. Her boss texted “where are you?!?”

Luckily she kept her phone in her bra, but her purse! She left it on the street! When she went back out it was nowhere to be seen. Her wallet. Her ID. Social security card. Bank cards, credit cards. Spare burner phone for work emergencies. Pictures of her apartment. Everything was in it. As much as she worried, she had to get down the street to the meeting. There was a bathroom there at least. She would be saved...maybe...

(to be continued...)

*next part final: Monica makes it to her meeting, but when she sees the whole town is at something on a topic which is the last thing the bursting girl needs right now, Monica isn’t sure if she’ll make it! She’s about to burst! She already started!

