Together in Times Of Desperation (book 2 of Sarah and Will) - Page 6

*125*2020-10-31 10:37

Chapter 51:

Will rubbed his erection on Sarah’s wet and open vagina, both of them moaning and gyrating with an extreme urgency both for each other and to release their bladders. Sarah’s legs tensed around Will’s as she rocked on the tip of his penis and rubbed against it, her moist vagina lips swollen and open. Her whole body now thumped and pushed back and forwards furiously as she begged Will to take her quickly.

‘Will, it’s coming!’

Just at that moment, against every tense part of Sarah’s body and clenched muscles, Will watched as Sarah’s vagina opened readily, her urethra pushed outwards as her genitalia spurted warm urine all over Will’s erect penis. Gaining control again very quickly, Will couldn’t resist stroking his own shaft and rubbing the warm liquid up and down his length as the warm urine from his lover increased his urgency to take Sarah even more than he thought possible. Stepping forwards he slid his member in easily, feeling the tightness and drawing of Sarah’s body down his entire length. His bladder felt so bloated and hard and the pressure on his prostrate only seemed to intensify the sensations as he thrust faster and faster in and out of Sarah’s body.

Sarah thought her body was pumping mucus out when suddenly her whole lower area contracted and pressed forwards as she grit her teeth and tensed her entire body as urine surged from her bladder, down her short urethra and squirted out from between her legs. It was only her long practiced kegel exercises that brought things back under control as Sarah prayed her pelvic floor muscles wouldn’t give way beneath her. Yet still her lower body became wetter, warmer and opened more as it delighted and welcomed Will’s phallus to exactly where it had prepared for it. Miraculously the firmness, tightness and pressure of Will’s penis inside her was helping her hold back the intense pressure to pee as she rubbed and rocked back and forth and moaned in delight, drawing closer and closer to climax every second.

Will closed his eyes as he held onto the back of the chair Sarah sat on as her legs pulled him closer than he thought physically possible. This was his first ever experience of sex with an excruciatingly full bladder and the experience was beyond anything he could ever have imagined. Hearing Sarah moan and sensing her body’s urgency too only seemed to take things to an even higher level again. Will let his body take over as his hips gyrated forwards and backwards quicker and quicker until he felt overwhelmed by need and he wanted to scream for joy.

‘It’s coming! Fuck!’

With one final, natural, surge which Sarah’s body was as excited about as his own, Will climaxed as Sarah shook in her own simultaneous orgasm as both bodies merged into one as both moaned in delight.

Will was in no hurry to remove his body from Sarah’s as the post climactic state made him feel light headed and high. He never wanted to use Sarah, or feel she had been rushed, or worse still abused, and he could feel her own body still clasp around and hold onto his penis as if it too was in no hurry to have it depart. Yet as the surge of blood eased and his apparatus slowly returned to a more relaxed, natural stance Will could suddenly feel another urgency to release in another way.

Sarah wasn’t going to let Will’s body go easily. Having the firmness and pressure against her most sensitive area was not only heavenly but also imperative right now in preventing her body exploding in another way than she had just felt. She could already feel the surges returning, the throbbing and tingling as her exhausted urethra pushed out again and pee trickled out of her body, running over Will’s penis, which was still inside her, as she clenched her teeth and moaned.

‘Ahhh. Ohhhh. I can’t keep this in...’

Will leaned down and kissed Sarah’s forehead, his penis still inside her body and her legs still tight around his thighs.

‘Shhh my sweetheart. Just relax. It’s all ok. You are ok now. Just let it come.’

The intensity with which Sarah’s body urinated almost blew Will away as his penis was pushed out with wave after wave of fast flowing warm urine that surged with so much pressure it soaked Will’s testicles, penis, thighs, legs and even the back of the couch behind him as a large and growing puddle formed on Will’s kitchen floor.

Will grabbed his half erect, warm, mucus and urine covered penis as it was pushed out of Sarah’s body, as without warning his lower body caved under the pressure and his own bladder burst spraying fast and furiously over Sarah’s genitalia, her lower thighs, and even her upper body as Will aimed his penis upwards soaking Sarah’s erect nipples and watching in awe as urine washed over her naked body.

Over a minute passed as both bodies emptied uncontrollably and openly as first Sarah laughed, followed immediately by Will.

‘God I needed that!’

‘Judging by the mess I think we both did!’

*128*2020-11-01 10:29

Chapter 52:

Will let go of his penis and stepped back, his feet splashing in urine as he did so. As Sarah’s legs dropped back to the floor Will reached his hand out and helped her stand up as he drew her close and kissed her gently on the lips.

‘Why don’t you go and get a shower beautiful and I’ll clean this up.’

‘Are you sure?’

‘Absolutely my darling. The towels are on the shelf where they always are. Help yourself and take your time.’

As Sarah tried stepping over the puddle at her feet Will held out his hand to support her as he smiled and winked at her as she made her way down the hall to his bathroom naked. He could do with a shower himself too but he reasoned it would be much more practical to clear up first. As Sarah left the open plan kitchen and living room Will filled the kettle with water to make himself a coffee as he found some old towels to put on the chair and floor while he went to the cupboard for the bucket and mop. Filling the mop bucket her switched on the radio for company as he felt quite emotional. He found great satisfaction in cleaning and even more so after what had just happened to cause the mess, yet he also felt a little choked up, tearful even, but in a happy way.

Sarah found herself teary eyed in the shower as she smiled seeing that Will had bought her favourite shower gel and shampoo. Will was full of surprises at times and so unbelievably romantic. Turning the shower on Sarah noticed Will’s shower radio and decided spur of the moment to switch it on. She had a song in her heart and felt a feeling of contentment she hadn’t felt in years as she stepped into the warm water as the radio played.

“And we continue on with our night dedicated to film tracks that our listeners have voted for and now we have a song originally written by Billy Steinberg and Tom Kelly and which has been previously sung by Cyndi Lauper and Phil Collins, but tonight we have, by popular demand, the version by Justin Timberlake and Anna Kendrick from the 2016 film Trolls.”

As Will poured the boiling water into his mug of coffee then gathered up the wet towels and mopped the kitchen floor he couldn’t help singing along to ‘True Colours’ and thinking just how apt it was for Sarah and himself: Sarah, with her stunning auburn hair he adored so much, her deep green eyes, her radiant natural skin and her mesmerising voice. As he sang along his eyes filled as his mouth sang the chorus over and over ‘...and that’s why I love you..’

Sarah sang along at the top of her voice, knowing every line from hearing the song so often on the car radio and having long been a fan of Phil Collins. While she still preferred his version this one somehow touched her heart as tears ran down her cheeks and mingled with the hot water in the shower. ‘I see your true colours and that’s why I love you...’ Sarah visualised Will in her mind, picturing the man she first met in her office waiting room, playing back memories in her mind of times Will had blown her away by sending flowers to her office, how he had emailed her beautiful prose, and times his comments had also cut her to the core, even this week when he’d suggested he’d rather she wasn’t around when he decorated her house. But for all his struggles, all his anxieties and difficulties, even thinking he might be autistic, she could truly see his true colours and there was absolutely no doubt in her mind that she loved him more than she’d ever loved anyone else.

Turning the shower off she tied a towel around her wet hair and used another to dry her body, dabbing the tears from her face as she did so. How could one simple song, one act of sex, one moment of emptying her bladder cause such deep emotions? She was in a new world and one thing she knew without a doubt was that she’d always remember this week with Will no matter what the future held. With a towel around her waist and her wet hair held with another towel she walked out the bathroom back to Will, wondering where he kept his hairdryer again.

By the time Will had cleaned the kitchen his coffee was half finished but his eyes remained puffy and full. Seeing Sarah walk towards him, naked except for two towels, he couldn’t help but feel his life was complete. He’d always been a loner but yet suddenly he couldn’t imagine ever being alone again.

He’d found his woman. He only hoped Sarah felt the same about him.

*129*2020-11-02 10:30

Chapter 53:

Will, where do you keep your hairdryer please?’

‘In the sliding wardrobe on the right hand side right at the back.’

Sarah looked at Will and smiled, her eyes filled with emotion as the radio played in the background.

‘Thanks. Is it ok if I borrow it? Oh and did you hear that song that was just on? I do love that one, ‘True Colours’, hope you didn’t hear me singing along there?’

‘It’s one of my favourite songs too. I didn’t hear you but I was singing away myself in here while cleaning so don’t worry about singing in the shower. I do it all the time. Of course you can use the hair dryer. Use it anytime you want. And Sarah...’

Sarah was heading towards Will’s bedroom when she turned and looked Will right in the eye, even though she knew he often found this uncomfortable.

‘Would you like to stay over tonight?’

Sarah laughed. ‘I sort of expected I would. I brought clothes for tomorrow with me for once. Be back in a bit honey.’

While Sarah dried her hair Will poured out the last of the wine and a glass of water for himself and sat down on the couch to watch TV. It felt strange but incredible to not be alone as he imagined what it might be like having Sarah in his apartment all the time. The evening news wasn’t even half way through when Sarah appeared wearing one of his t-shirts that went down almost to her knees as she sat and snuggled beside him.

‘I might have packed clothes for tomorrow but I forgot my nighty. Hope you don’t mind that I borrowed your t-shirt?’

Will pulled Sarah closer and kissed her hair.

‘Not at all.I poured you the last of the wine there if you want it?’

‘Actually Will I have a headache. Would you mind if I just had some water? You don’t happen to have paracetamol do you?’

Will sat up right away panicking as anxiety swept over him.

‘Are you ok? Do you need a doctor? You didn’t bump your head in the shower or anything did you? Do you have blurred vision or feel sick?’

Sarah gave a little chuckle, though not much as her head really did hurt. Reaching out for Will’s hand she took it and held it gently.

‘Will I promise you I am fine. I feel very slightly nauseous but I’ve had wine and held my bladder for ages then had a warm shower. I’m sure I’ll be fine in the morning I just need to take some paracetamol if you have any? I probably have some in the glove box of my car if you don’t.’

‘No. No. I have some! I just hate to think of you feeling unwell. Are you sure you will be ok?’

Sarah sighed. She didn’t want to tell Will she was due her period but if that would calm his anxiety she felt she should. Besides he would know soon enough if she was staying over anyway.

As Will walked behind the couch back into the kitchen to get some painkillers Sarah leaned back over the couch and decided to tell Will.

‘I’m just due Will. You know, time of the month, my cycle, hormones, bleeding. You know what I mean?’

Will hated to think of his princess in pain or bleeding. He didn’t know a lot about being due, or monthly cycles or stuff but he did need to know one thing. As he brought back the packet of paracetamol and a glass of water for Sarah and handed them to her he smiled embarrassingly as he whispered,

‘Does that mean no more peeing until you are well again?’

Sarah laughed loudly this time.

‘I still pee on my period Will. Probably even more so. But not on the kitchen floor or over you...now that would leave an awful mess wouldn’t it! But don’t worry honey it’s just a few days and then we’ll be back to having fun. I promise.’

‘So what time does it come? This period thing? Just so I can be prepared.’

Sarah almost choked on her water as she swallowed the tablets.

‘Ha! If only honey. It just comes when it’s ready. It doesn’t come at a set time of day sadly.’

Will thought about that then after a pause muttered to himself,

‘I could never cope with that. I like routine and schedules I do. I couldn’t put up with that. Goodness me no!’

Sarah cuddled into Will as he put his arm round her. She couldn’t imagine any man coping with periods let alone her Will. She just wished her own would start so that they could get back to having more fun again soon.

*131*2020-11-03 11:06

Chapter 54:

Will flicked through the channels until he found a film and when Sarah nodded he put the remote on the coffee table and snuggled in to watch. He liked films but this one was hard to follow, disjointed and slow. He didn’t feel the need to talk and neither, apparently, did Sarah so he allowed his mind to wander as his beautiful girlfriend rested in his arms.

Sarah loved the security and warmth of lying in Will’s arms. While the painkillers had taken the edge off her headache she still felt a little nauseous and very tired as the voices on the TV went softer and quieter as her body drifted slowly to sleep.

It took a while before Will realised how sound asleep Sarah was. As wonderful as it felt to be holding her his arm was beginning to cramp and his legs were stiffening. Gently he slid her head to one side as he slipped out from under her and rested her head on a cushion. Looking down at Sarah asleep he thought how perfect she looked though he felt anxious about what to do. Should he attempt to carry her to his room so she could join him in bed? Or leave her asleep on the couch? Would she feel upset waking up alone or would attempting to carry her hurt her? He picked up the used glasses, washed them in the sink and loaded the dishwasher as his mind ran through every option.

Finally he settled on the fact he would cover Sarah with a blanket while he had a shower and brushed his teeth then he would check in on her again and decide then. This seemed to settle his anxiety more and when after his shower Sarah still hadn’t stirred he checked her temperature to make sure she wasn’t too hot then reluctantly went to bed alone, secretly wishing Sarah would wake up and come and join him.

Sarah didn’t wake again until after 7 when Will stroked her head gently and offered her a mug of tea.

‘Morning my beautiful.’

‘Good morning Will. What time is it?’

‘7:23. I didn’t want to wake you too early.’

Sarah stretched and sat up, pulling the blanket around her as she instinctively reached for the tea Will had made and began sipping it.

‘What time is your appointment this morning Sarah? You didn’t say where it was even?’

Sarah rubbed her eyes as she tried to focus. Meeting? Oh yes the bank! How could she forget. With a heavy sigh she finally answered.

‘10:30. It’s just on the outskirts of town so shouldn’t take me long to get there. Thank you for the tea by the way. Do you have anything in for breakfast by the way? Sorry hope that isn’t too rude.’

‘Of course! There’s porridge, cereal, toast, or I can cook some egg and bacon if you wish?’

Sarah thought about her own house and how little she had, recalling how just 24 hours ago Will had surprised her by buying breakfast from Lidl. She was glad he hadn’t questioned her empty fridge or cupboards and even more glad that right now he had plenty of food in.

‘Toast is fine thanks’

Will made lovely toast and Sarah sat opposite him at the small dining area while they both enjoyed breakfast. Will had made her fresh tea and even put marmalade on the toast all of which Sarah enjoyed immensely.

‘Is it ok if I take a shower Will?’

‘Sweetheart treat this as your home please. Shower whenever you want. How is your head this morning by the way? Did you sleep ok?’

‘It’s much better thanks. I slept very well. Your couch is very comfortable and I appreciated the blanket. Thank you Will.’

After breakfast Sarah showered and dressed and mentally prepared for her appointment while Will showered and dressed. As Will walked back into the open plan lounge and kitchen Sarah quickly slipped her papers back in her bag and stood to kiss Will. He was dressed in work out gear and smelled rugged and sexy after his shower.

‘Are you wanting to go home after your appointment honey?’

‘I hadn’t thought but I guess I should. Why?’

‘I...I love you being here. I can cook lunch for us both if you would like? There’s something I want to talk with you about anyway. But I don’t want to hold you up. Sarah...I love you so much you know that?’

‘I love you too Will. I’ll come back right after my appointment ok?’

‘See you soon. Hope it goes well.’

*132*2020-11-04 10:00

Chapter 53:

Sarah’s mind focussed on her business and finances as she drove to the bank on the outskirts of Springland. It was an old building with limited parking and Sarah had to drive around in a circle twice before finally finding a parking space. Taking out her papers she walked the short distance to the bank and headed to reception. From there she was lead upstairs to the business area and guided to a waiting area where she was offered tea or coffee. Sarah rarely refused tea so she readily accepted hoping it would calm her nerves.

It wasn’t long before she was called through and Sarah laid out a pile of invoices and outlined to the stranger opposite her the difficulties her business was experiencing, stressing how financially viable the business could be if only invoices were paid in a more timely manner. The bank employee was thorough and asked for numerous explanations, going over the original business plan Sarah had made when she started out and breaking down each part. An hour later and Sarah still didn’t know if the bank could help her or not as she tried stressing the urgency of the situation by saying how she hadn’t paid her own wages for two months now. Despite the emotional pain and anxiety Sarah held herself together as the employee said he would need to speak to a colleague and offered Sarah some water while she waited.

Alone in the room, anxious, stressed and starting to need the bathroom Sarah sipped on her water nervously, her ankles crossed under the table out of sight. It was over 7 long minutes before anyone returned and the news wasn’t what Sarah had hoped for. The bank could only offer a business bridging loan but there was genuine concern that the business would be unable to afford the repayments. The colleague the first employee had brought along even mentioned if there was any possibility Sarah could find other part time work to supplement her personal income and Sarah left the meeting with a telephone number and website for benefits for the self employed and details of the local independent business agency who might be able to help in other ways, neither of which would pay her mum’s nursing home fees due out her personal account the next day nor would it help short term to feed herself and pay her rent.

Sarah couldn’t find the courage to ask to use the bathroom after the long and intensive meeting but she knew Will’s apartment was less than ten minutes away anyway. With her eyes tearful and her heart beating fast she left the bank and headed back to her car, her mind swirling with how to get out the financial mess she was in and her bladder keen to be emptied.

Sitting alone in her car Sarah took a few minutes to wipe a few stray tears from her cheeks using a tissue from the glove box before putting the key in the ignition and turning it. The engine clicked and turned over briefly before stopping again. Sarah tried again, this time the engine clicked but refused to start.

Alone, with little money in her purse, stressed, emotional and needing the toilet, Sarah had no idea what to do. She clicked to open the bonnet though she already knew that she had no idea what she was looking for anyway. Why wouldn’t her car start? She didn’t even have breakdown cover because she couldn’t currently afford it and she’d put the last of her loose change in the parking meter which was also due to run out in less than five minutes.

Everything was a disaster and if she couldn’t get her car to start soon she’d need to find somewhere to pee too. Not to mention Will was expecting her for lunch and would be wondering where she was. She climbed out the car, secured the bonnet open and looked in crossed legged, none the wiser what she was even meant to be looking for. She helped people for a living not fixed cars, though maybe if she had become a mechanic she wouldn’t be in such a financial mess now.

But she wouldn’t have met Will and right now he was all she had left. Moving from foot to foot she thought about texting him for help, if nothing else he could at least pick her up so she could find a toilet to use. That was quickly becoming every bit as much of a priority as fixing the car and getting her finances sorted was.

Leaving the bonnet open and climbed back into the car Sarah decided she needed help. She only hoped Will would get the text.

*134*2020-11-05 11:32

Chapter 54:

Will loved his home gym. It was a place of stress relief, a place where his body received the attention it needed and where his mind could take him wherever he wanted. After Sarah left his body didn’t just need to work out to exercise, it needed to work out to calm his horniness too. Ever since waking and seeing Sarah lying asleep on his couch Will’s body had craved her so much. But he also respected her and knew she had an appointment to get to so his desires would have to wait until later, at least until she came back for lunch and even then he wasn’t sure if she would have her period or not. His mind was fixated on his girl and sexual thoughts and he only hoped running, cycling and rowing would help ease the strong urges and settle down his rock hard penis. If it didn’t he would have no other option but to masterbate, something he wasn’t doing much at all now that Sarah was in his life.

He took his litre of water into the workout room and started his usual routine, walking, running, stretching, cycling, rowing and then calming down by lifting some weights, all the time exercising to his familiar work out music. It wasn’t until he climbed off the rowing machine ready to begin weightlifting and his playlist came to a brief pause that he thought he heard his mobile beep. His hearing was sharp and niggling thoughts that the text might be from Sarah or work consumed his mind to the point where he put the weights down, turned off his iPod and walked over to his phone which was sitting in the corner charging.

Will stood there staring at the phone as he read and reread the text message.

‘Hi Will, I have an emergency. My car has broken down and won’t start. I am parked on Barker street around the corner from Barclays Bank and close to the hospice charity shop. Would it be possible for you to come and help me please? Can you let me know when you get this. Thanks. Love, S x’

Will’s heart was beating too fast, his face flushed and anxious, his body shaking at the thought of his princess alone and vulnerable. But where was Barker Street? Will couldn’t think of the street let alone any bank or charity shop. He drove to work and then back home and more recently added in the journey to Sarah’s house but he didn’t drive around town or go anywhere different and for the first time in his life he realised how limited his knowledge of his own home town was. The thought of finding a street he’d never been to terrified him but then the idea of Sarah broken down and alone terrified him even more. He had to help.

Having to think of each letter on the keyboard as his hands shook Will typed back slowly and carefully.

‘Got the message. Be with you as soon as I can. Please stay exactly where you are and be safe! Love Will.’

As soon as the text was send Will clicked on google and typed in ‘Barker Street, Springland, England’ then tried to move the local map around until he found a road, a roundabout, a building even, that he was familiar with. But everything looked different on a map and the more he moved the map around the more confused he became. If only Sarah had a postcode his trusted sat nav would be able to get him there. Suddenly he had an idea. He was about to execute it when he jumped in fright as the phone in his hands beeped again.

‘Thank you! So good to hear from you! Meeting didn’t go well, I am hungry, stressed and now my car won’t start and to make it all worse I need the loo! Hope you get here soon!’

Will almost dropped the phone as his penis immediately grew again and hormones surged through his body. Imagining his princess alone, hungry, stressed and nursing a full bladder on top was a strange mix of empathy, guilt and sexual desire all mixed in together, the latter of which had been consuming his body all morning and driving him crazy. Shifting on his feet to try and settle his erection against his lose work out joggers Will pressed the search engine on his phone again and typed in ‘Hospice charity shop, Barker Street, Springland’ and immediately memorised the postcode. Rushing out immediately he picked up his car and house keys from the small shelf by the front door and took the communal staircase two steps at a time in his haste to reach Sarah.

Sweat was pouring from Will as he typed the unfamiliar postcode into his car, started it up and listened intently to the familiar voice as it instructed him in very unfamiliar directions. He wasn’t an expert in car maintenance but he knew the basics and he had an excellent mechanic who picked his own car up for a service twice a year. Adrenaline pumped through every part of his body as he concentrated on every single part of driving from changing gear, to stopping at red lights to indicating in plenty time. It was the only way his mind could cope as intrusive thoughts fought against reason as he made his way to help Sarah, however he could.

*135*2020-11-06 11:18

Chapter 55:

Sarah was so relieved when Will texted back. She hated disturbing him or feeling vulnerable but she couldn’t think who else to contact. Why had she cancelled her breakdown policy last month? Fate was sending her a cruel blow and she just wanted to scream. Sitting back in the driver’s seat alone she debated wether to close the bonnet or not. Having it open was a visual sign she had broken down but it was drizzling with rain now and her hazard warning lights would be just as effective as an open bonnet. She climbed back out and let the bonnet close before getting back into the car. Resting her head and arms on the steering wheel she wanted the day to end as soon as possible. The toast Will had made that morning felt like years ago as her stomach rumbled but more than anything the tea and water from the meeting at the bank needed out of her body as she tapped her court shoes on the floor of the car and shuffled in the seat.

She hoped Will wouldn’t be long in arriving and that somehow whatever was wrong with the car could be easily sorted. The idea of trying to get to work on Monday without a car or how she would visit her mum at the weekend was stressful and worrying. And what if the car needed a new part? She couldn’t even pay her rent or the fees to her mum’s home so how could she afford to fix her car even if she really needed it? She sighed and wriggled again as the cold damp air made her bladder want release even more.

Will listened intently to the female voice instructing him. It took all his concentration to process each command and follow it through and he felt completely out of his depth. Eventually he heard the voice announce ‘you have reached your destination’ as he scanned up and down both sides of the road for Sarah’s car. The rain made visibility tricky but then he spotted the flashing indicators of a small parked car and he knew right away it was Sarah. Now he just needed to park himself, which was harder than he expected. As he drove slowly past Sarah he tooted his horn to let her know he had seen her as he looked intently for a safe place to pull in.

Sarah couldn’t stop tapping her right foot as minutes dragged by and the rain got heavier. At least there was no sign of a traffic warden which was at least one relief since her time had run out on her parking ticket. Surely Will would be here soon? She was only ten minutes away from his apartment. What could be holding him up?

Just then she jumped and had to push a hand urgently into her crotch as a car tooted it’s horn loudly catching her by surprise. Moaning with quite a desire to pee she looked out her window and spotted Will. She really needed her car fixed but right now all she really wanted was to get back to his and use the bathroom and get something to eat.

Everything somehow seemed so much worse when you were hungry and bursting to pee.

*136*2020-11-08 10:34

Chapter 56:

Will could hear his sat nav directing him to turn around but the street was busy and the road too narrow to even attempt a three point turn. Frustrated and worried about Sarah he indicated left hoping he could drive around in a circle and get back to Sarah quickly. He looked for the first left again as he tried focussing on the instructions from his sat nav which seemed intent on taking him farther away from Sarah and turning right. Will wanted to shout at it in anger but none the less obeyed diligently, albeit through gritted teeth. Finally, after a very stressful five minutes, Will was once again back on Barker street as he finally found a free space to pull into quite a way behind where Sarah was parked.

The rain was pouring down now and Will was only in his t-shirt and loose light joggers from his workout which contrasted in every way with his new and expensive pristine car and with how he knew Sarah was dressed too, recalling how sexy and beautiful she had looked that very morning with her dress skirt, blouse, suit jacket, tights and high heeled shoes. Despite the heavy downpour Will got out his car and ran up the street towards Sarah, taking her by surprise as he pulled open her passenger door and slipped in, his hair and face dripping water everywhere.

‘Are you ok Sarah?’

Sarah wanted to cry as Will’s car drove past and out of sight. Would he know to turn right, then second right then right again to get back onto the street? What if he turned left and ended up at the bypass? That would take him at least 20 minutes to get back and that felt like an eternity right now sitting alone, worried, vulnerable and needing the bathroom. Sarah leaned forwards with her hand still pressing on her crotch trying to see past the condensation on the windscreen to see if she could see which way Will went. She couldn’t so she could only hope he would return soon. Her mind began focussing on what he should do when he got there. Should she ask him to tow her car back to his? Or maybe back to her own house? Or would it be better to tow her car to a garage? But how could she do that if she couldn’t afford to get it fixed anyway? The unknown was scary and stressful not helped at all by the fact her thoughts kept turning to her full bladder.

As her thoughts drifted and the rain hammered loudly on the car Sarah jumped again as her passenger door was pulled open and someone sat inside. The shock almost made her wet herself as her body startled in surprise.

Hearing Will speak Sarah reached out and wiped a raindrop from his eye as his hair dropped more rain all over her hand.

‘I’m better now you are here! Thank you for coming.’

‘So, lets start at the beginning. When you drove here did the car sound or feel any different? Were there any lights on on your dashboard?’

Sarah tried to think but found Will’s wet hair and face so distracting and so sexy and the constant pressure between her legs was only getting stronger.

‘I...I honestly can’t remember Will. Nothing that I can recall was different.’

‘Try starting the car again honey. It’s definitely not your battery anyway because your hazards are on fine.’

Sarah turned the key as Will leaned over to look at the dashboard. The engine clicked, almost turned over but not quite, then died again. With his head right next to hers Sarah couldn’t help running her hands through Will’s wet curls. Will turned and smiled at her as he leaned and sat back in the passenger seat.

‘Sarah when did you last put petrol in honey?’

Sarah tried to think as she closed her eyes in shame and embarrassment.

‘I can’t remember. I take it that’s what’s wrong?’

‘Well I never gained a degree in car mechanics but your petrol light is on, your gauge is right at the very bottom and you can’t remember when you last put some in. I really do think you have just ran out of petrol honey. I always put petrol in every second Sunday. I check my oil once a month and top up my radiator and screen wash at the same time. You do all that too don’t you?’

Sarah felt such a failure and a tear ran down her cheek.

‘Will... I don’t. I....I forgot to refuel. What happens now? And...and will it take long?’

Will looked over at Sarah and his heart ached to see her so sad and distressed. Her face was tense and she had her back straight and her thighs tight together. His heart hated seeing her so stressed but as he recalled her earlier text about needing to pee his own body responded in its usual obvious way.

There really was no quick way to get Sarah petrol and he wondered how she would cope with having to wait a bit longer.

*137*2020-11-09 09:49

Chapter 56:

‘Well I guess that depends on a few factors. One: where is the nearest petrol station to here? And two: Do you have a petrol can that I can get some for you?’

Sarah tried to concentrate and focus, both of which were increasingly difficult with the constant niggles and demands from her bladder. Wriggling in her chair to try and calm her body’s need to urinate she tried thinking of all the petrol stations in Springland. She knew the big one at the supermarket but that was at the other end of town. Was there a smaller one by the car showroom three quarters of a mile down the road? She was sure she had seen it in passing though she hadn’t personally ever used it. She thought there might be one near the retail park at the roundabout too but that would be much harder to get to.

‘I...I think there’s a small one by the car showroom about ten minutes walk from here. But...I don’t have a petrol container. Do you have one? And Will...do you think they might have a toilet there? I gotta go.’

Will looked at Sarah, his eyes sparkling with desire and his lower body responding to both the way Sarah moved and her open confession to needing a toilet. Yet at the same time his mind was spinning trying to think if he had a petrol can in his car boot or not. He’d never had to use one so unless the manufacturer had put one there it was highly unlikely. Perhaps the garage would stock them? That would certainly seem plausible.

‘No I don’t think I do have one. I must make sure to buy one though. Perhaps the garage will sell them? And I guess they should have a toilet too. I imagine lots of motorists get caught short at times. So do you know the way? I’m afraid I don’t but if you happen to know the postcode then I can use sat nav. We’d be quicker in my car...and dryer. You ok there Sarah?’

‘Yeah. I just hope they have a toilet Will.’

‘If they don’t then my apartment is just a short drive away. I could go too now you mention it. I was in such a hurry to get you I never went before leaving. But I’ll go back at mine. I probably wouldn’t be able to piss at the garage anyway.’

‘I know I could pee without any problem! But Will....you don’t happen to have any loose change do you? I used the last of mine to pay the parking and the time has already run out.’

Will slid his hand into his joggers pocket forgetting he had taken out his loose change and wallet to work out back at his apartment.

‘Shit! I never realised you had to pay! I didn’t put a ticket on my car. I’ve come out without my wallet too but there’s money in my car. Wait a couple of minutes and I’ll be right back!’

Sarah wanted to protest but Will was out the car and into the pouring rain again before she could say anything. She was so grateful to see him and to know she had simply ran out of petrol but boy was her body squirming now and even a few minutes felt like ages while she sat alone bouncing on her seat waiting for Will to return, her logical mind wondering how either of them would be able to buy a petrol can and petrol if she had no money and Will had left his wallet back home? When Will returned she’d have to ask how much money he had in his car. But what if he thought she could just pay?

It was so hard to think with a bursting bladder!

*138*2020-11-10 11:32

Chapter 57:

Running back to his car in the pouring rain Will could feel his bladder full and heavy. The noise of splashing in puddles and rain hitting off the road, pavement and parked cars wasn’t helping either as he pressed to unlock his car and climbed in the passenger seat to search for money. Pulling down the driver’s sunshade he slid his hand in a hidden pocket and pulled out a ten pound note he always kept for emergencies. Then he pulled open a small secret pocket near the temperature controls and put all the loose change there in his pocket. It wasn’t much but hopefully it would at least cover parking for Sarah until they got back with petrol. Climbing back out into the rain and pressing to lock his car Will felt another twinge from his bladder but he could also feel his semi erect penis against his clothes. Recalling the thought of Sarah sitting in her car with a full bladder he could feel his penis grow a bit more again. How he adored seeing Sarah with a full bladder.

Will jogged back to Sarah’s car and stood at the pay meter trying to work out the instructions. The non stop rain made working it out harder but he somehow managed to get a new ticket for Sarah and he opened her car to hand it to her. Having to shout over the noise of the weather he spoke to his stunning girlfriend who he noticed still had a hand between her legs.

‘Don’t get out in this weather Sarah. I found some money in my car. You stay there and I’ll bring my car up to get you. Ok?’

Sarah nodded. It was good to have someone else take control for once and she was so proud of Will and how he was coping with everything. He also looked so unbelievably sexy with soaking wet hair and wet clothes. A wicked thought crossed her mind that with his clothes already wet Will could easily release his bladder fully clothed and no-one would realise. She massaged her throbbing vagina as she waiting rather impatiently wishing her own clothes were as wet as Will’s so she took could relax her muscles and pee.

Will pulled beside her quickly and Sarah locked her car and jumped into Will’s, the warm dry and less cramped seat a delight to sit in compared to her own cold smaller car.

‘So which way? Postcode please?’

Sarah was so distracted by the extra room to move and the continuous pressure from her bladder plus trying to get her seat belt on that at first she didn’t hear Will.

‘Postcode please mam?’

‘Sorry Will, I have no idea. But I’ll direct you. Carry on straight ahead just now.’

For all Will loved Sarah her voice wasn’t as clear and predictable as his trusted sat nav and he felt nervous and uneasy not knowing where he was going.

‘Just keep driving straight and you will see a big car showroom on your left soon. I think there’s a garage immediately after it. Please let them have a toilet!’

Will couldn’t help but smile. If he wasn’t driving this would have been a dream come true and his body was responding accordingly. Sarah was right though and within a couple of minutes Will could see the car showroom despite the heavy rain as he indicated to pull into the small independent petrol station tucked in at the side. There was only room for four cars on the forecourt and Will turned off his engine by a petrol pump and went to climb out.

‘Goodness it’s tiny Sarah! I never even knew this one was here. I’ll be back in a minute. Let’s hope they have petrol cans eh!’

‘No! I’m coming in! I need to! And never mind a petrol can they better bloody have a loo! God I’m desperate and this rain isn’t helping at all!’

Sheltered under a makeshift roof Will smiled as Sarah climbed out his car and waddled to the shop entrance unable to stand still at all.

What if they didn’t have a public bathroom? Would his girlfriend have the self control to hold while he bought a petrol can, filled it, paid and then drove back and filled her car all before they could get back to his? The more he thought about it the more he could feel himself desiring Sarah and the more he realised that he too longed to get back to his own apartment to piss. He wasn’t about to embarrass himself by even trying to pee in an unknown garage. History told him that would never happen as he hurried behind Sarah into the on-site shop watching Sarah wiggle and bounce the whole time.

*139*2020-11-11 14:19

Chapter 58:

Sarah was first through the door of the little shop, glancing in every direction as she made her way to the pay point. Talking fast, and without pausing for even a breath, she blurted out quickly everything that needed said.

‘Excuse me. Do you sell petrol cans at all? I have run out of petrol but I don’t have a petrol can. And do you have a bathroom I could use please? I had to wait for my boyfriend to come and get me and I really need to go!’

Will came in right behind Sarah his eyes transfixed on her body movements and his ears tuned to every word she said. She was in every way sex personified at this exact moment and while he never wanted his treasured lady to be humiliated or embarrassed he couldn’t help but be extremely turned on by her predicament. Feeling his thick and hard erection against his joggers he slid a hand into his pocket to press his penis down out of sight. He needed to pee a lot too but his mind was overridden strongly by sexual desire and he knew that even without his fear of peeing anywhere but home he still wouldn’t be able to relax and urinate with such a hard erection. He forced himself to look around the tiny shop in order to prevent his body and sexual urges overpowering his mind as he spotted one small petrol can on a bottom shelf.

Bending to pick up the plastic canister his ears pricked at hearing the staff member’s reply to Sarah.

‘We don’t stock many petrol cans I am afraid but if we have any left they will be down on the bottom shelf over there. And I am afraid the only bathroom we have is for staff only. I do apologise.’

Will felt he needed to act quickly, partly because he knew Sarah was absolutely bursting for the toilet but also because knowing she still had to wait made his penis shake with lust. If his body was allowed to take control Sarah would be naked and penetrated right where she was. Will squeezed his penis hard through his pocket as he took the plastic petrol holder to the till and paid. He pulled his other hand out his pocket and looked at the small amount of cash he had and handed the cashier the only note he had on him. Doing a quick count of the change now in his hand he hoped he had enough to pay for the fuel too. His thought process was interrupted by Sarah who pulled on his arm almost in tears.

‘Will, we need to hurry. Come on!’

Sarah stood there in shock, unable to stand still and seriously worried if she would make it back to Will’s with having to buy fuel and get it in her car first. Surely Will would do everything he could to support and help her but as she saw him walking towards her with the petrol can she wanted to scream as he stared down at his hand as if he had all day! She pulled at his arm in urgency begging him to get out of the garage immediately.

Pulling Will back outside, frustration got the better of Sarah as she marched on the spot franticly as Will pulled the petrol pump away from the pump and put it into the small plastic can.

‘Can you not do that any quicker Will? I REALLY need to get back to yours NOW!’

With both hands needed to fill the can, one holding the pump and the other keeping the can from overflowing, Will could no longer prevent his penis from throbbing nor could he hide the fact the top of his joggers were now stretched outwards very obviously. As he watched and felt the fluid pumping through the pump and pouring into the plastic canister he simultaneously felt his own body doing similar as his rock hard penis longed for Sarah with everything in it. Just as the can filled to the top and Will hung up the pump and screwed on the lid of the plastic can his eyes caught the bottom half of Sarah as she rubbed her thigh with a clenched fist and bend forwards moaning. This was all Will could take as precum leaked out uncontrollably causing a damp sticky patch on his workout joggers.

Clicking to unlock his car, and leaving the can on the ground by his car, Will prayed that the garage worker wouldn’t see the damp area of his trousers as he once again slid a hand inside his pocket and forced his erection down. Rushing inside, not wishing to leave Sarah any longer than necessary, he pulled his other hand out of his pocket and counted out the money for fuel, left it sitting on the counter and rushed back out.

Sarah was now inside his car again so he quickly grabbed the petrol can, opened his boot and put it in and then climbed into the driver’s seat, glancing over to Sarah as he did so. Sarah sat hunched forwards, both arms wrapped around her stomach as she moaned quietly. Will’s penis vibrated in his underwear as he knew he would replay this scene many times in his mind, but conscious of not wanting to distress Sarah. He wouldn’t object if she had an accident in his car but he knew enough about Sarah that she would. She was a professional woman in her suit, tights and court shoes and whatever meeting she had been to was obviously very important to her.

However much he wanted her he knew what she wanted, more than anything in the world right now, was to get to use a toilet. He had the power to make that happen and his decisions right now would be the difference between her making it on time or not.

*141*2020-11-12 13:11

Chapter 59:

Will didn’t know what to say as he started the engine and drove back towards Sarah’s car as quickly as possible. He hated that Sarah appeared to be in pain and distress but his lower body and hormones soared with sexual desire knowing she could possibly have an accident and thinking how full her bladder was. His own bladder was full too but with such a hard and full on erection his mind was more focussed on sexual thoughts than those of peeing, for the immediate future anyway. Maybe, just maybe, if he could get petrol in Sarah’s car and she could get back to his they could both get the desperate relief they needed.

Sarah’s head spun as she felt Will’s car move out the petrol station but she had no idea where he was going as she had her head down and her arms wrapped around her body. Her bladder was so hard and full that it ached as all she could do was concentrate hard and squeeze tight as her lower body rocked on the chair in urgency. The mere thought of having to drive to Will’s terrified her and she knew already the likelihood of getting there dry was very very slim. Closing her eyes tight she tried focussing solely on keeping her muscles closed as every bounce and bump on the road made her urethra tremble.

The next Sarah knew was when Will stopped and all Sarah could hear was the rhythmic clicking of his indicators and the rain lashing on the windows. Finally raising her head as the rain still hammered on the car Sarah muttered through clenched teeth.

‘Are we back at my car yet?’

‘Yes honey. I’ve just pulled in beside yours. If you give me the key I’ll put the petrol in and then you can head to mine. I don’t know about you but I’m more than ready to get some lunch and...’

Holding back tears Sarah finished Will’s sentence.

‘Use the bathroom! That’s what I NEED more than anything right now!’

As Will checked his mirrors then opened his door to get out into the heavy rain he looked at Sarah and sympathised with her so much even though he couldn’t help finding her situation a huge turn on.

‘I know beautiful. I can see that.’

Sarah held her hand out with her car keys and Will took them from her smiling. She heard his boot open and close again as a strong spasm overtook her and she undid her seatbelt and leaned forwards right on the edge of the seat moaning.

‘Oh I need to go so much. I’m not going to be able to wait!’

Opening the door carefully to avoid hitting her own car right beside her Sarah clambered out, fidgeting constantly and unable to stand upright. Her hair and clothes immediately felt so wet and cold as the rain bore down heavily and the clouds blackened. Closing Will’s passenger door behind her Sarah squeezed between the front of her own car and the car parked in front as Will unlocked and unscrewed the petrol cap of her car then bent down to unscrew the top of the petrol can.

As Will lifted the plastic can of petrol from the wet pavement he finally noticed Sarah, who stood with her legs apart more than natural with one hand leaning on her car. Her auburn hair clinging to her neck and face, her suit jacket, blouse and pencil skirt all darkening with the torrential rain they were both caught up in, Will longed to touch her, kiss her and hold her as she drove his mind and body crazy with desire. He could feel the tip of his manhood rub off the inside of his wet joggers as he shouted above the noise of the passing traffic and heavy rain as he started pouring the petrol into Sarah’s car.

Sarah knew she was already wet and cold. On top of that she was beyond desperate and however much she tensed and squeezed the pressure just became worse and worse. As she stood in the pouring rain watching Will she knew her body had done all it could as she parted her legs slightly more than normal and relaxed, immediately feeling her only dry clothing, her knickers, filling quickly with warm liquid that immediately ran in long warm lines down her legs inside her tights.

‘I think that’s it all out. Now let’s get back to mine before we get wetter than we are already.’

Sarah smiled and took her keys from Will. There wasn’t a single part of her dry, and not all of it was due to the rain.

*142*2020-11-13 10:17

Chapter 60:

Will put the now empty petrol holder in his boot and closed it over before quickly getting back into his car. The thought of his girlfriend in the car beside him wet, dying to pee, and trying to hold back until she got to his was such a huge turn on that he desperately longed to stroke his hard throbbing penis so much. His hands were sweating and perspiration ran down his forehead as he fought against his bodily needs and tried to drive. Just the thought Sarah might wet herself in utter desperation, perhaps even in her car right now, was so erotic he couldn’t help moaning as one hand slipped to his crotch and stroked his rock hard penis. If he made it back to his apartment without exploding it would be a miracle.

‘God what a horrible day!’ Sarah said to herself as her soaking wet body shivered in her cold car. She put the key in and turned it willing the car to start. The engine clicked then fired up as Sarah breathed a sigh of relief. She switched her lights and windscreen wipers on and indicated to turn out of the parking space as she waited for Will to move away and let her out. Anxious to get back to Will’s to eat, get dried, and feel more comfortable she suddenly remembered that Will might not know the way to his own apartment because this was out of his usual route.

Will was entirely dependent on his trusted sat nav as he listened intently for instructions, having to turn the volume up to hear properly over the noise of the rain, his window wipers and his car engine. He could just about make out Sarah’s car behind him as his breathing got heavier and his penis throbbed uncontrollably in his trousers. From the moment he had woken with a desire for Sarah his body had been consumed with sexual longing and he wasn’t sure how much longer he could hold off his ejaculation.

His head spun as he was also acutely aware of his hard and very full bladder which only seemed to heighten and increase his sexual urgency. By the time he pulled into his reserved parking space at his apartment block he had one hand on the steering wheel and the other rubbing and squeezing his obvious swollen and long penis. Switching off the engine he slid his left hand into his pocket to push down the tent in his pants as he saw Sarah park and get out her own car. He ran towards his drenched and stunning lady taking her hand and running towards the building.

Sarah knew the way to Will’s easily though it was reassuring to be behind Will in such awful weather. Three times she had to flick her wet hair from her eyes as drops of water ran down her face threatening to impede her vision and making her cheeks wet. Her legs, bottom and especially her crotch felt utterly soaking as she wondered how she would ever get her car seat dry again. But despite everything the relief that her car was now going again made her smile as she couldn’t stop thinking how grateful she was for Will. She had forgotten that he wasn’t yet aware of her accident as he held her hand and ran with her into his apartment block through the storm until, just inside the communal doorway, he raced upstairs still holding her hand as he breathlessly panted.

‘And finally you can pee my sweetheart. You must be utterly frantic to go.’

Sarah remained silent as Will unlocked his door and they both stepped in. Will’s mind was turning somersaults as the realisation he could watch and listen as Sarah exploded almost made his own body erupt then and there. Will, just ahead of Sarah, pushed open the bathroom door as he held it open to let Sarah in, his arousal extremely obvious and apparent to them both.

Sarah froze, drips of water falling on the floor from her mid length wet hair as she looked at Will, his wet t-shirt clinging to his chest and his blond curls tight and messy. The sexual tension thick and strong Sarah looked up at her man longingly and enticingly.

‘I didn’t make it Will. While you poured the petrol into my car I wet myself standing right beside you in the pouring rain in the street. I just couldn’t wait any longer!’

*143*2020-11-14 09:56

Chapter 61:

Will looked at Sarah, his eyes dancing over her sexy wet body and his mouth wide open in disbelief. Struggling to form words as his mouth was suddenly as dry as a desert he reached out and touched his beautiful princess, caressing her wet breasts over her blouse and tossing her wet auburn hair back off her face.

‘Are...are you still wet?’

Sarah laughed; a sexy, relaxed and contented laugh. The irony and incongruity of Will’s words changing the tension she had felt bearing heavily on her all morning.

‘Will, my entire body is wet...incase you hadn’t noticed! But if you mean are my pants and tights still wet then why don’t you find out for yourself?’

Will was right on the verge of explosion, his heart beating fast and his penis throbbing. He practically threw himself at Sarah’s feet as he lifted one foot then the other, sliding off her high heeled shoes and running his hand up Sarah’s damp but gorgeous legs. Without waiting for further permission he slid his hands up Sarah’s skirt, explored her thighs and simultaneously pulling her nylon tights down. As Sarah assisted by stepping out the garment, Will grabbed his own elasticated trouser waist and pulled his trousers and underwear down half way to his knees revealing his hard and long dick which immediately sprung up to face Sarah.

Sarah loved that Will wasn’t disappointed in her or annoyed. In fact her confession appeared to have made him lust after her more than ever, which delighted her. She never objected to Will undressing her but since her wet clothes required to come off anyway it seemed perfectly fitting to have help. Besides, seeing exactly how hard and desperate Will was gave her goosebumps all over. Giggling like a little girl she delighted when Will slid his hand back up her skirt to stroke her still warm wet knickers.

Having been sexually on edge since waking, and watching and hearing how much Sarah had wanted to pee, Will knew it would take very little indeed to help him climax. Just the noise and feel of Sarah’s peed in nylon flesh coloured tights and her warm damp legs had got him seconds away from boiling point. Now touching Sarah’s warm wet knickers was his undoing as semen soured down his erection and burst like a spring from the top of his penis.

‘Fuck, you drive me crazy girl!’

Will blurted out as semen arched out his member and splashed on the floor just inside his own bathroom.

Sarah couldn’t help but comment given what she had just done herself before getting into her car earlier.

‘I guess I’m not alone in being unable to keep my body from exploding today. And I’m not the only one needing a shower now either.’

With his penis still erect and covered in his own sticky bodily fluid Will grabbed Sarah gently, hugging her close and kissing her still wet hair. In no hurry to let her go he whispered sexually and provocatively in Sarah’s ear.

‘This is what you do to me darling when I get to see you desperate to pee. You are the sexiest, hottest, most beautiful woman alive! God I can not tell you how much I needed to cum like that! Ever since I set eyes on you this morning I’ve been on edge. Now if you hadn’t had to go to that meeting...’

Watching Will’s penis calm down in front of her very eyes and loving every minute of being in the safety and comfort of Will’s arms Sarah momentarily let her guard down a little. Quietly she commented back,

‘I’d far rather have met with your body than the bank any day too Will.’

*145*2020-11-14 12:58

{{36 minutes ago, PrincessPeeach said:

I somehow got behind on this...what a treat to find 3 hot chapters to read!

}}

Glad you are enjoying it. I’m loving writing it.

*147*2020-11-15 10:16

Chapter 62:

Will heard Sarah but didn’t know what to say. Besides his trousers and underpants had now fallen to his ankles when he pulled Sarah closer and now that his body was slowly relaxing his very full bladder was once again demanding attention. Struggling to concentrate and not rudely push Sarah away in order to piss, he tried to find the right words to say. Once again though Sarah spoke before he could.

‘So who is going in the shower first this time?’

As his bladder pulsated strongly Will looked down at Sarah in his arms.

‘I’ll happily let you go first. That’s as long as you hold off for just one minute please. I don’t want to let you go but Jesus do I need to piss suddenly! Sorry I’m going to have to go NOW!’

This time it was Sarah who stood agog gazing at Will longingly and lustfully as he grabbed his dick super tight and shuffled like a penguin towards the toilet, almost slipping on the sticky floor where his semen had landed moments earlier. She couldn’t help but giggle at the sight in front of her.

Will hadn’t even thought how difficult it would be to race the two and a half metres from the bathroom door to the toilet with jogging trousers and a pair of boxers at his ankles. His feet could do nothing more than shuffle and as he scuffled clumsily, gripping his penis tightly, he almost fell over completely as he took the first few steps, forgetting entirely that he had just ejaculated on the floor. He knew if he was watching anyone else he would find the whole scenario hilarious but hearing Sarah snigger only seemed to heighten just how urgently he had to empty his bladder. Even clenching his dick as tight as humanly possible a squirt shot onto the floor as to his horror he saw for the first time that the toilet lid was down!

‘Fuck! Fuck! I can’t hold this back!’

Fascinated, curious, and very horny, Sarah went to sprint into the bathroom to get a better look at Will peeing as she giggled still in happiness and excitement. But in her haste to not miss anything her bare feet also slid on the discarded emission and Sarah slid across the bathroom uncontrollably with nothing in reach to grab onto. With Will facing the toilet which had the lid closed she couldn’t stop her entire body from bumping into him from behind, knocking him forwards as he balanced awkwardly with clothing twisted around his ankles.

The sudden knock forwards pushed Will’s knees down onto the toilet seat as his head rested on the wall cabinet close by as Will’s hand moved instinctively from his penis to the toilet cistern to balance himself. This resulted in urine surging out Will’s body ferociously all over the closed toilet seat. Meanwhile Sarah regained her balance behind Will, and seeing what was happening, screamed at Will to stop.

‘Will stop! Stop! I’ll just get the lid! Stop now!’

Trying to push around Will and at the same time pulling the back of his t-shirt to get him back upright, Sarah stretched forwards to lift up the toilet seat that Will had already soaked in piss. Bending down and forwards she continued to shout and beg Will to stop.

‘Will, just hold it. Stop!

But try as Will could his body refused to stop and as Sarah reached down to lift the toilet lid up Will pissed all over her hair, her neck and shoulders, unable to control his release at all. Sarah quickly pulled back as the toilet seat crashed against the back of the toilet loudly, matched only in volume by the splashing of torrents of piss landing in the toilet pan.

Will pissed and pissed and pissed until only a few stray drips remained. He didn’t know wether to laugh or cry as his eyes ran to the beautiful lady standing beside him who had just witnessed the most bizarre and crazy pee he had ever done and whose hair and blouse were soaked in his urine.

‘I’m...I’m so...’

Smelling her hair and still giggling Sarah finished Will’s sentence before he could.

‘You are so unbelievably sexy Will Highland! You know that? And by golly can you piss. But I guess I should get that shower now because I still haven’t had that lunch you promised me!’

As Will wiped the tip of his penis with toilet paper and tossed it in the pan before flushing and washing his hands he smiled shyly at Sarah.

For some reason he had forgotten all about lunch. He’d better get started on that right away.

*148*2020-11-16 10:11

Chapter 63:

With his underwear and trousers back where they belonged Will left Sarah to shower as he headed to find something to make for their now very late lunch. His mind was a whirlwind from all that had happened in the last hour as he slowly processed the fact that Sarah had run out of petrol, she had been to a meeting at the bank and she had mentioned that her meeting hadn’t gone well in her text. His brain was piecing it all together slowly, hoping he wasn’t assuming too much and wondering if it was socially appropriate to ask Sarah about it. Social skills were not top of his abilities in any way but the thought of Sarah struggling broke his heart. To his logical mind the fact Sarah had a business, worked long hours and had a car and a house meant she should be financially secure. Maybe she had just forgotten to get petrol, or she was looking to expand her business? Was it really any of his business? As he opened a tin of soup and buttered some bread he was still in turmoil over it all.

Sarah showered quickly, her stomach rumbling and another headache starting through hunger and stress. How long would the petrol in her car last? What about the direct debit due out her account tomorrow for her mum’s nursing home? Then there was her rent to pay next week, gas and electric bills, her mobile had no money on its account so she couldn’t make calls or texts and there wasn’t even much food in her house. The reality of life weighed heavily on her mind as she washed her body and hair in her boyfriend’s shower, wondering for the first time if Will had ever even struggled for money before and if she should even ask. He was very guarded about so much and anxious enough about life without adding to his troubles. Drying herself and tying a towel around her waist to go and find her clothes from the hallway she sighed to herself.

Will heard the bathroom door open, and turning the soup down as he looked down the hallway, he called out to Sarah.

‘I hung your dress from yesterday in my wardrobe if you want something clean sweetheart.’

‘Oh Will that would be wonderful! Thank you. May I use your hairdryer again?’

‘Of course! I’ll keep some soup for you when you are ready.’

Will checked the bathroom and left the door open to remind himself to clean it after lunch. It was thoroughly cleaned every Saturday when he worked through his cleaning schedule but after earlier he knew it couldn’t wait another two days. Hearing the hairdryer he smiled to himself as he returned to the main room and dished up some soup for himself.

Sarah smiled as she slid open Will’s wardrobe seeing his clothes hung perfectly in size and colour order and her dress hanging alone at the other side. Slipping on the dress she wondered if Will had her underwear from last night too. She could go without a bra but ever conscious of being due her time of the month any moment she didn’t feel comfortable without knickers. Looking around the room she noticed a set of drawers which brought back fond memories of a time Will had pulled out a pair of jeans on camera for her and pissed in them. How she had enjoyed that immensely.

Pulling on the third drawer she saw some jeans and ran her hand over them imagining how they would feel soaked in Will’s warm urine. She then slid it closed and opened the top drawer which she rightly guessed stored Will’s underwear. Lying on top of neatly folded and colour coordinated boxers was one ladies thong which Sarah instantly recognised as her own. It wasn’t her preferred knicker choice but recalling how earlier in the week she had tossed them to Will to wear the thought of wearing it after him seemed suddenly very sexy. She stepped into it and headed back to the kitchen taking with her the towels she had just used.

‘I love that dress on you Sarah. You look beautiful but pale and tired? Come over and I’ll get you some soup.’

Will took the towels from Sarah’s hands and put them in the washing machine then pulled out a dining chair for her to sit at.

‘Hope cream of chicken soup is ok?’

‘It’s perfect Will. I’m ravished.’

Will finished his own while Sarah ate, both with so much they wanted to talk about but neither feeling the time was right.

*149*2020-11-17 09:42

Chapter 64:

Will finished his bowl in silence glad to finally eat. He got up to put the bowl in the sink and looked over at Sarah who looked stressed, pale and exhausted as she ate her soup quietly.

‘Sarah, are you ok?’

Sarah turned to answer but before she could say anything her mobile started ringing. She looked round to try and locate where it was as Will picked it up and handed it to her as he took her bowl and spoon away to wash. Answering the call in her usual professional way Will busied himself making tea and coffee and finding biscuits, trying his best not to listen but hearing Sarah’s upset regardless.

Sarah hated that she was emotional on the phone, especially to Peter, the owner of her mum’s nursing home and a man she had encountered a number of times, the most recent time being when he told her her mum had dementia. But the news he was sharing wasn’t good and she couldn’t stop the tears flowing.

Will heard Sarah use the name Peter and wondered if it was the man he had met a few weeks ago and instantly felt uneasy about. Whoever, and whatever, the call was in relation to, it was clearly upsetting Sarah greatly and he dearly wanted to rip the phone away from Sarah, hold her in his arms and make everything right for her. But since that wasn’t possible he instead put the hot drinks and biscuits on the table and sat beside Sarah, reaching out to hold her free hand and clasp it tight. As Sarah put the phone on the table and a large tear fell down her cheek Will took his hand from his coffee mug and wiped Sarah’s cheek as he asked what he knew was a crazy question but it was out his mouth before he could stop himself.

‘Is everything ok?’

‘That was...that was my mum’s home. She’s...’

‘Died?’

‘No Will. But she’s sick. She’s got gastroenteritis and the GP has been out. They are waiting on an ambulance to take her to St. Mary’s just now.’

‘Oh.’

‘They just wanted to let me know. Peter said they will call back later but not to go to the hospital until she’s settled. They will call me later to update me more.’

Stuck to know what to say, and overwhelmed seeing Sarah so upset, Will squeezed Sarah’s hand tight as he felt his own eyes filling with emotion.

Sarah looked at Will’s face and saw a love and compassion beyond what she’d ever experienced from another human before. Her mind ran back to something she had read earlier in the week when she had realised the man she loved was very likely autistic. ‘Many autistic people can come across as aloof, uncaring and unempathetic but more recent research has discovered they may, in fact, feel the emotions of others very deeply but be unable to communicate this effectively.’

‘Will, for someone with autism you never cease to amaze me you know. I’ll be ok.’

But just as the words came out of Sarah’s mouth tears rolled down her face thick and fast.

The couple sat in silence broken only by their own sobs as Sarah’s last words hung unspoken in the room.

‘I’ll be ok.’

