The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 12

Author: Mbgpeelover

*275*2023-11-21 11:35

Ellen finds Teona

Heading back out the empty caretaker’s flat back to the chaos that was the mass of reporters, charity and government workers and the general public Ellen left Tetyana with Dmitro and the channel four film crew, ignoring the reporters frowns as she pushed through the crowd to look for Teona. Looking all over in the communal area and not seeing her she headed outside feeling a tap on her shoulder.

“So…does it look any different to when you were here last Monday?”

Looking up to see Rob, one of the contractors from Claypots that she’d met on her last visit, she politely nodded and answered him, still anxiously looking around for Teona.

“You’ve done a great job! Sorry I’m trying to find one of the refugees, a young blond girl called Teona. She has long blond hair and she’s wearing jeans and a pink polo neck jumper. I expect she’s with the others but I can’t seem to see any of them.”

“Probably being hounded by the mob of reporters out there. Keith isn’t too keen on them all coming in. I think he’s made some sort of agreement with one of them for exclusive footage or something. Had us repainting stuff in the caretakers kitchen yesterday so it was looking even fresher. Seemed fine to me mind you.”

“Right. Sorry, but it’s quite urgent that I find that girl.”

Trying to excuse herself Ellen had only taken a few steps towards the main door when Keith pushed his way past her shouting loudly.

“Move along people. Move along. Is this ok John? I was thinking we could maybe get some shots of people looking in awe of this open area before you interview me in the caretaker’s kitchen. Wait til you see that kitchen Jon! Nothing but the best for our new residents. Come on people. Move aside!”

Shaking her head behind Keith in disbelief Ellen headed outside just as her mobile started ringing. Seeing Daniel’s name on the screen she swiped to answer it worrying that something might be wrong back in Glasgow. With little time for small talk though she was relieved to hear that Daniel was only calling to share Celine’s latest idea, which in true Celine style sounded amazing. Still looking for Teona as she spoke, only half concentrating on what Daniel was saying, Ellen froze when suddenly Daniel changed the subject and out of nowhere asked if she’d called Mykhaila’s social worker. Stressed at just the mention of that Ellen went silent, guilt washing over her knowing she should have called her when she first found out about Diana being kept in hospital the day before. Quickly promising Daniel that she’d get round to it as soon as she could she was glad to get him off the phone as she squeezed through the crowd, spotting Teona being interrogated by a very enthusiastic news reporter.

Thinking quickly she shouted the girl’s name knowing full well that this would interrupt the reporter and cause the camera operator to have to pause. Seeing Teona turn and see her she saw the desperation in the girl’s eyes as she walked over to her not even caring about the news reporter.

“Excuse me madam. We are right in the middle of filming for STV news. Could you stand aside please until we are finished.”

“Actually I need Teona right away to get the keys to her apartment. I’m sure she’ll come back and speak to you once she’s settled into her flat.”

“Sorry. I’m afraid I need to go now.”

Grabbing the girl’s arm Ellen pulled her into the building apologising to her as they walked.

“Sorry I pulled you away like that. I take it you haven’t managed to find a loo yet?”

“No.”

“I didn’t think so. I’m not sure who has the keys to the apartments yet but I took Tetyana in here. Oh, it was unlocked a minute ago.”

Turning to see Rob again Ellen looked up on hearing his voice.

“Keith’s in there. I expect he’s locked it to stop any of the reporters going in.”

“Oh. Do you have any idea who has the keys to the apartments then?”

“They’re all open. Well the ones Daniel sent me on email are anyway. 1B, 3A, B and C and 4A and B. The community flats here on the basement too. The laundry is still locked but I can let you in there if you want to see it?”

“Thanks. I’ll just take Teona to her flat then. Thanks again.”

Guiding Teona towards the lifts Ellen pressed the button to call them as she pulled Teona in just as the heavy doors closed in front of them leaving them in silence and privacy at last.

“Oh thank God. I can’t believe how desperate I am Ellen! I thought I was going to pee myself talking to that reporter out there!”

“Oh she’ll hate me now for pulling you away like that. That’s the second reporter I’ve pissed off and we’ve not even been here half an hour! Right, floor 4. This is your floor. Let’s hope Rob is right and your new apartment is open. You are flat 4A, sharing with Marselina. Just along here.”

“As long as there’s a toilet! That’s all I care about right now!”

Pushing the handle down on the newly painted door Ellen pushed the door open seeing a freshly decorated and carpeted welcoming hallway identical to the caretaker’s one on the ground floor. Expecting to show Teona the bathroom first she was amazed to watch the excited 19 year old look into the first bedroom as she squirmed and bounced clearly desperate for the loo.

“Oh my God it’s huge! And look at that view! A wardrobe too! Oh I wasn’t expecting a wardrobe! I want this room!”

“You haven’t seen the other one yet!”

“Oh neither I have! I want to see that one!”

Crossing the hallway into the other double bedroom Ellen stood at the doorway watching Teona pee dance her way around the second room pressing a hand between her legs as she looked out the window to the crowd below.

“Oh this one faces the front! I like this one too! Can I see the rest of the flat too?”

Amazing that Teona seemed more keen to view her new home than use the bathroom, even when she clearly urgently needed to go, Ellen did as instructed and showed the young student her new living room feeling quite emotional herself at the sight of the new sofa with its arm chair. Seeing Teona sit on the couch wriggling and fidgeting and fighting against her need to pee Ellen worried the girl might misjudge her ability to hold on as she watched her grab herself again as she looked away from Ellen towards the large double window.

We’ve even got blinds? Oh I haven’t seen blinds since I left Ukraine! It’s so beautiful here!”

“The kitchen is just through here.”

Walking into the kitchen Ellen opened the cupboards to find much more food than she’d expected. Smiling at Teona, who was gazing at the cupboards in awe while jiggling around constantly, she thought the girl might faint when she opened a cupboard to find a built in integrated fridge freezer.

Looking at Teona she didn’t expect the girl to race up to her and hug her tightly as she squirmed and sounded emotional.

“Oh Ellen I love it so much! This is amazing!”

“I hope Marselina likes it just as much!”

“Oh she will Ellen! I know she will!”

“So….do you want to see the bathroom?”

“Oh yes please! I’m desperate to see that so much!”

Leading the way to the bathroom Ellen chuckled inwardly to herself. Teona was definitely desperate to see the bathroom, that fact was very obvious indeed.

&&

*279*2023-11-22 22:55

Daniel works alone

Mulling over what the nurse had said Daniel answered a few important emails before deciding he needed further advice. Calling his boss at the council headquarters he informed his secretary that it was urgent and was thankful when she passed the call directly through. Expecting Archie’s usual blunt response he was pleasantly surprised when he sounded sympathetic and concerned. Checking through files on his laptop while on the phone he confirmed that Mrs Kravchenco had indeed signed the contract and that he hadn’t actually heard directly from the hospital, only the opinion of the community nurse, who Archie pointed out wasn’t even aware the woman had been admitted to hospital.

Feeling a little more at ease having spoken to Archie, who advised waiting a few more days incase Diana was in fact discharged, Daniel returned to the growing to-do list all the time thinking of Ellen and wondering how she was getting on in Dundee. Checking through the list of yet unsigned contracts he printed out physical copies and set about looking to see if any of the residents were around. Without Ellen’s personal knowledge though this was proving stressful and awkward as Daniel walked up to unfamiliar faces often struggling to explain what he needed and then frequently apologising when it wasn’t who he was looking for. Walking towards another two woman who were sitting eating lunch in the canteen Daniel was just about to check if they had signed their contracts when he turned hearing Celine calling him excitedly.

“Daniel! Daniel! You’ll never guess what! IKEA are on board! Seriously! They’re going to give us storage units, beds, couches, kitchen equipment, coffee tables and a whole load of kids stuff!”

Impressed by Celine’s skills of persuasion yet again Daniel couldn’t help but feel excited with her as he immediately longed to text Ellen to tell her too. Pulling his phone out his pocket he noticed the time and decided to text her later when she was hopefully on her way back.

“So my contact, Allan, is emailing me the full list tomorrow. It’ll all be flat packed, obviously, but they’ll be able to build it all in Dundee surely? Oh my God Daniel! IKEA!”

“It’s all coming together now isn’t it? Are they delivering straight to Dundee or do we have to arrange pick up or anything?”

“I think they’re wanting it all picked up. But we can’t turn down a donation as amazing as that! They never give stuff away Daniel. This is unheard of.”

“Absolutely. It’s just the practicality of getting it to Dundee we need to think about. I’m assuming we’re looking at a large van.”

“Or more than one even. I should go get some prices shouldn’t I?”

“I think you need to. Well done by the way! Seriously well done!”

Watching a very excited Celine heading back to her work area Daniel smiled as she turned to shout back.

“Don’t text Ellen! I want to tell her myself when she gets back later. She’s gonna be so excited!”

Turning with a new enthusiasm towards the two woman eating lunch Daniel excused himself and explained as simply as possible about the contracts showing a list of names to them as one of them nodded and pointed to her name. Happy to get one more contract signed Daniel was even more thrilled when the woman wrote some numbers down in pencil next to some of the names.

“Kimnata nomers”

Nodding his understanding Daniel shook hands with both woman before setting off to find the cabin numbers he’d been given. Spending the next hour trailing around the ship ticking off names as he got signatures on his contracts Daniel then returned to the canteen for some lunch gazing at his phone while he ate willing Ellen to text him and say she was on her way back. Starting to feel increasingly anxious that she might not get back in time for the school pick up he jumped when his phone beeped as he almost dropped it trying to see the text.

“On way back to Glasgow now. Met a lot of people who are keen to help. Everyone now in their flats but media still everywhere. Guessing it’s one of the big stories of the day. Tell you about Keith later. Going to ask if the driver will drop me at the school and I’ll walk the girls back. See you later! E x”

Reading and rereading it over and over Daniel couldn’t wait to see Ellen again though he noted she hadn’t made any mention of calling Mykhaila’s social worker. Looking forward to updating Ellen on all the progress being made in Glasgow while she was away he smiled to himself thinking how excited she’d be to hear of Celine’s deal with ikea.

If only everyone else was working as hard and as enthusiastically. He still had a lot of chasing up to do after lunch as well as booking coaches for the big transfer day, getting the remaining contracts signed, double checking the vacated cabins from those that moved that morning for anything left behind, and chasing up the final safety certificates from the flats at Tulloch Court.

Helping one family at a time move on was nothing compared to the stress and chaos of arranging for 130 people to all move to the same place within three weeks. At least he wasn’t having to do everything alone, though he so dearly missed having Ellen’s bubbly fiery personality to work beside. Today more than ever he missed her invaluable knowledge and relationships with all the refugees. How had he dared ever criticise her for getting so close to them all when right now that was the very thing holding him back and making everything so much harder?

*280*2023-11-23 23:18

Ellen’s few hours in Dundee

Wandering back into the bedrooms while Teona used the bathroom Ellen couldn’t help but notice that both rooms had a chair and table in too, something she hadn’t heard Celine mention before as she smiled thinking how amazing her colleague was and how passionate she was about helping everyone. Thinking how Celine had been there just the day before and how much she’d done in the short time she’d had Ellen felt so proud to call Celine her friend.

Hearing Teona come out the bathroom Ellen suggested she come with her to find Marselina so they could unpack and settle in. Deciding to take the stairs this time they headed down to the ground floor seeing the doors to the community flats wedged open and people mulling around everywhere. Walking into one of them Ellen left Teona to look for her flatmate as she saw Ruslana and Nadia standing timidly in the living room of the flat holding drinks in one hand and their bags in the other. Walking towards them Ellen spoke to Nadia who told her that there was food and drink on offer in all the ground floor flats and asking if they could now go to their own apartment. Leading them both through the crowd Ellen took them in the lift to the third floor and opened flat 3C to show them around. Reassuring them lots that no one would come in and that there was no landlord watching them she found the keys on the kitchen counter and happily let them lock the flat as she left to find the others.

Quickly spotting Maria and Yana talking to someone she briefly interrupted them to let them know their flat number and that it was open for them whenever they were ready before moving swiftly on to Taras and Vladislav, then Yelizaveta and Nina, and finally seeing Dmitro and Tetyana sitting in one of the community flats eating and drinking. Satisfied that everyone who was on the minibus was now either in their new homes or knew where they were she helped herself to some finger food and a glass of juice, suddenly finding someone behind her introducing themselves.

Jack was warm, welcoming and humble as he talked about hearing the news of the refugees on the television and instantly knowing he wanted to help. As a church minister he felt it was his duty to welcome everyone as he linked with other churches to get donations of food and drink from local businesses and shared his vision for creating a room in one of the flats for prayer and spiritual support. Making sure she took his details, and sharing with him her experience of working on the ship, she left the conversation feeling like he would be a key person she would definitely be back in contact with.

Keeping a close eye on the time Ellen made her way out of the ground floor flat into the busy communal area just as Keith was leaving the caretaker’s flat with the camera crew in tow.

“Haven’t we done amazing here John? I mean we’ve even organised a buffet for them all! Of course you know I made sure that they all have food in their flats and all the essentials you need for setting up a home. It’s not been an easy job but I’ve done it. I think I’ve shown today just how welcoming and wonderful Dundee city council is. We’ve definitely set the standard don’t you think?”

Wanting to avoid Keith at all costs Ellen slipped into the caretaker’s flat behind him quietly, glad for the privacy and time to think. Wandering around the flat helping herself to some more delicious snacks and drinks she stood in one of the bedrooms gazing out the window at the rear of the building noticing for the first time that the other three tower blocks had all now been demolished. Recalling the plans for the community garden she closed her eyes for a moment trying to imagine what the view might look like in six months time. It was such a stark contrast to the awful view from her own maisonette back in Glasgow, and despite the crowds just outside the main door, the room was quiet, peaceful and incredibly private.

Noticing the time she finished her drink and made her way back out the flat towards the minibus, aware that she had to leave in the next half hour. Passing Taras she couldn’t miss the smile on his face as he stood holding Vladislav’s hand in the open area as he called her over. Letting go of his boyfriend’s hand Ellen felt overwhelmed as Taras rushed towards her throwing his arms around her neck.

“Thank you for all of this Ellen. Our apartment is so lovely!”

Unable to stop grinning Ellen let his hands loosen from her neck as she informed him that she was only a small part of it all.

“You have Daniel to thank for finding this place for a start, and Celine for sourcing furniture donations and getting them all in the flats yesterday. Then I believe lots of churches came together here in Dundee to put on all this food and drink for you. Then Dundee and Angus food bank for all the food in your flat and a starter pack charity for your cutlery, pots and pans and bedding and stuff. I’ve done very little really.”

“You helped us from the start and stayed with us. You brought us here and made sure we have all we need. I’ll miss you, and so will everyone else.”

“Oh you’ll see me again Taras. I’ll be back with all the others when they move in less than ten days. Though I’m not expecting all this again then. For a start there’s not enough room in this area for almost 120 people is there? You go enjoy meeting all these people who want you here so much. And enjoy every minute of that beautiful flat! I can’t wait to see what you have done to it when I come back!”

Turning to head outside Ellen watched as several young people in identical hoodies walked in carrying bags.

“Excuse me. We’re from the university of Dundee. We have bags here for the Ukrainian’s. Could you show us where to take them please?”

Feeling emotional but delighted Ellen pointed to Tara’s and Vladislav.

“That’s two of them there. That’s Taras and this is Vladislav. The others are all around somewhere. Some are in their flats already.I need to leave very shortly but I can take you to the flats and you can knock and hand them in or leave them at the door for them if that’s ok?”

Taking the students into the lift Ellen started at the fourth floor before heading down the stairs to the third, second, and finally flat 1B on the 1st floor where Tetyana and Dmitro were just heading into their flat for the first time. Wishing she had the time to see their faces when they saw it Ellen knew she had to rush away if she wanted back in time for Mykhaila getting out of school. Watching the cameras filming again Ellen whispered to one of the crew as they whispered back that they now planned to stay over in a hotel to do more filming with the couple in the morning.

Giving them a thumbs up and excusing herself from the university crew Ellen rushed down the stairs and out to the minibus checking nothing had been left on board before requesting the driver to start the journey back to Glasgow. Speaking to him nicely she asked if he’d mind dropping her at Pirie Park Primary school on Langlands Road instead of the port before sitting on the front seat and watching as Tulloch Court went from towering above her to just a block of flats out of the back window as she hoped that this was the beginning of a lovely fresh start for all of the Ukrainian’s.

Heading in the direction of A90 Ellen checked the time on her mobile before texting Daniel to let him know she was on her way back. Exhausted from so little sleep the night before she rested her head on the window feeling her eyes starting to close as the sound of the engine lulled her and the movement soothed her.

*282*2023-11-25 00:19

{{9 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Hoping so much for a steamy scene of desperation and wetting in the next chapter or two. Don’t get me wrong, I’m loving the story too, but when is Daniel going to share that video with Ellen? When he does, I hope she insists on him acting it out again in her presence…

}}

There’s definitely some steamy desperation scenes to come very soon! It’s worth waiting for…

*283*2023-11-25 00:43

Daniel phones Ellen

Finishing his sandwich and coffee Daniel left his tray in the designated area and headed back to his work station. Wondering where Ellen might be at that moment he opened his laptop and started researching local coach companies comparing prices and availability. Preferring to actually talk to a person rather than wait for an online form to be processed he called the first company he felt seemed reasonable and spoke to an enthusiastic friendly older woman. Explaining what he required he accepted the quote and sent in a request to his boss for payment.

Thirsty from all the talking he then took a moment to walk over to a vending machine to purchase a bottle of water. Taking a drink on his way back to his desk he noticed the nurse from earlier leaving just as Yeva walked past heading for the canteen. Stopping her to see if she had an update on Mrs Kravchenco he nodded as she mentioned what ward she was in and that she’d asked to see Mykhaila. 

Not wanting to commit Ellen to anything he decided to keep quiet on the fact that his girlfriend had stayed over on the ship to look after the child, preferring instead to ask if Yeva had any idea if Diana was likely to get discharged in time for the ship leaving. Sensing he’d made the woman uncomfortable as she looked towards the canteen and shifted nervously Daniel apologised and was about to walk back to his desk when Yeva looked back at him and asked directly if social services had been informed of Diana’s admission. Biting his lip Daniel looked at the carpet awkwardly as he muttered about Ellen promising to call them that afternoon.

Letting Yeva go Daniel took another gulp of his water as he decided to call Ellen now she was on the minibus to remind her about calling social work. Aware he was rhythmically tapping his foot Daniel put his sudden need to pee down to nerves as he crossed his feet at his ankles and called his girlfriend. Hearing it ring several times Daniel felt his anxiety increasing before finally hearing a tired voice answer.

“Hi, I was just thinking about you. How’s the journey going so far?”

“Emmm. Looks like we’re not too far away from Stirling. The driver has agreed to drop me at the school. I’m sure I’ll get there in time. How are things in Glasgow?”

“It’s been busy here. Everyone seems to be making good progress thankfully. I’ve only got a few contracts still to get signed and I’ve just booked the coaches for the big departure day. Did I tell you I was speaking to Victoria Fielding earlier? She was looking for Yelizaveta and Tetyana. I can’t believe I never emailed her the names of those leaving today! Anyway she was also going to pop in to see Mrs Kravencho. She had no idea she’s been admitted to hospital.”

“I should have text her last night. Sorry.”

“She was fine about it thankfully. Well sort of. Have you had a chance to call social services by the way? You can’t really stay on the cruise every night can you?”

“It’s actually not that bad really. I will call them before I get back though. It just seems such a fuss though if Diana gets out tomorrow or the day after.”

“But what if she doesn’t Ellen?”

“I’m sure she will. She was only in a few nights the last time and social services were fine for me to stay with Mykhaila. But I’ll call them and just run it past them again anyway.”

“I’m really missing you Ellen.”

“I’m really missing you too. I’m sure she’ll be out really soon. I mean she might even get out today. You never know.”

Feeling awful about bursting Ellen’s optimism Daniel changed the subject.

“So how did things go in Dundee then? Do they all like their flats?”

“They love them! Did Celine tell you she even got chairs and desks for the students? And the sofas and beds are amazing! Have you watched or read the news? I’ve not had a minute but the reporters and cameras were everywhere. Keith did some exclusive interviews with one lot. He even banned the others from entering the block which is crazy considering he was so keen to show it all off! I still can’t get over us trusting him! But what an amazing response there was there today.

You saw the photo I sent? Massive crowd, banners, balloons, the lot. The three community flats all had a buffet out too. Apparently that was organised by some local churches. A group from Dundee university came with bags for everyone too. I had to leave sharp but it seems like they’re all in good hands. Taras promised to text me to let me know how his first night there is and I’ll call some of the others tomorrow to check they are ok. Only ones I am a bit worried about are Ruslana and Nadia. I think they’re both a bit overwhelmed by it all.”

“Have the channel 4 crew came back with you?”

“No they are staying in a hotel tonight apparently. They’re filming more again tomorrow. Tetyana thinks they are getting the baby box delivered tomorrow so they want to film them opening that.”

“So it’s just you on the bus?”

“Yeah just me and the driver. We’ve just passed a sign saying five miles to Stirling now. I’d better go call social services, but as I say they were great the last time and very understanding. Hopefully it’ll be the same again. Though God only knows what will happen after they’ve moved to Dundee.”

“Let me know what they say won’t you?”

“Will do. Bye.”

“Bye”

Shaking his leg a little as his urge to pee interrupted his thoughts yet again Daniel sat his mobile down on the desk missing Ellen more than he thought possible. The idea that she’d be spending yet another night away from him ached at his heart so much. Glancing at his phone he couldn’t help but think about the video he still had on it taken less than 24 hours ago. He couldn’t wait to let Ellen see it. Just thinking about that made his crotch tingle and his excitement build. 

Starting to think horny thoughts easily he had a crazy idea: If he finished his bottle of water and distracted himself with work then by the time Ellen got back to the ship he’d be very desperate to piss. Thinking how that might entice Ellen and turn her on he chugged down half the remaining contents of his bottle of water in one go and started updating spreadsheets. Not really calculating the fact Ellen was still forty minutes away from the school and then she had a 25 minute walk back to the ship from there Daniel was so busy with work and his mind so focused on Ellen’s return that all he thought about was seeing his girlfriend again and surprising her by being bursting for the loo on her arrival.

*284*2023-11-26 00:29

Everything changes for Ellen

Startled by the sound of her phone ringing Ellen pulled her head off the minibus window to find her mobile and answer it. Hearing Daniel’s familiar voice made her smile, though as soon as he mentioned Victoria Fielding she felt the hairs on her neck prickle. How could she have forgotten to inform her of the names of those who were leaving that day? Remembering that she had meant to do it last night before she got distracted looking after Mykhaila she felt mad at herself for being so unprofessional then guilty and uncomfortable when Daniel went on to then mention Mykhaila’s social worker.

It wasn’t that she didn’t get on with Lorraine Manstead. In fact they actually gelled better than she had ever expected, but years of being in care left her very wary of social services and she always felt they could turn when you least expected it. Nothing was a given with them and if she could avoid calling the woman she would, especially if Diana was only going to be in hospital for a night or two. Tired, achy, and with so many things swirling around in her head, Ellen struggled to shift an uneasiness that something somewhere was going on without her knowledge. It was that all too familiar paranoia she came to experience whenever she was about to be moved on from yet another family growing up. A sixth sense, a suspicion, a somehow knowing that things weren’t quite right.

Trying to listen to what Daniel was saying she updated him on what she’d seen in Dundee, even sharing her most private worries about Ruslana and Nadia, who she feared might become even more isolated than before. Looking out the window as she spoke, her mind still in turmoil about calling social services, Ellen noticed just how close they were now to Stirling as she realised she had better try calling Lorraine even though she really didn’t want to.

Saying goodbye to Daniel she took a long concerted breath seeing her hand shaking anxiously holding the phone as she knew she couldn’t put it off any longer. Secretly hoping the social worker wouldn’t be at her desk and she’d be able to just leave a message she searched her phone for the number then nervously pressed to call it.

Unusually it was answered after the second ring with Lorraine’s quiet calm voice answering professionally and politely.

“Oh, hi Lorraine. It’s Ellen Hemmingdale here from Shelter. I work on the Adventurer II cruise ship currently docked at King George V port. We’ve met a few times in relation to Mykhaila Kravchenco.”

“Ah yes. I remember you well. How can I help you?”

“I’m not sure if you have heard but Mykhaila’s mum, Mrs Diana Kravchenco, was admitted to the QEUH yesterday morning again. I was hoping it would be a very short admission and she would be discharged today, but as yet I haven’t heard any news of this.”

“Actually I was already aware of this. I have been making arrangements for various things this afternoon for this case. Actually Ellen you don’t happen to know who looked after Mykhaila after school yesterday? The Head teacher at her school informed me the child was collected by someone from the cruise ship after school and brought to school this morning by another parent, but unfortunately he hadn’t been able to contact the other parent to gain further information at that point in time.”

“It was myself who collected Mykhaila from school yesterday as well as another child from the cruise ship. I then looked after both girls until the other child’s mother came home from work. I left Mykhaila’s for a very short time with this trusted adult while I went home to pick up some essentials before returning to Mykhaila’s familiar surroundings and remaining with her for the rest of that night. I stayed overnight with her and made sure she was washed, dressed and fed before school. I had an important work commitment this morning that I couldn’t be excused from so Mykhaila was walked to school by a trusted adult who she is very familiar with. This was exactly the same arrangement as had been previously agreed when Mrs Kravchenco was previously admitted to hospital earlier this year.”

“Oh I see. So did you inform the school that you would be picking up two children you weren’t related to? Did it not occur to you that any of this should have been agreed first by myself as the lead professional for the child in question? I’m sure you understand that just because an arrangement was agreed previously does not mean it will necessarily be agreed again? Have you heard directly from the hospital about Mrs Kravchenco’s medical situation? It would be grossly negligent of me to discuss any of this further but just to say this: there will be no need for anyone to collect Mykhaila today. I have everything in hand now but I will require access to the Adventurer II later tonight and specifically the room where the Kravchenco’s have been staying.”

“But….but I’m on my way to the school just now. Mykhaila is expecting me.”

“The school have been informed of the new arrangements. There’s no need to be at the school now as this will only distress the child more than necessary.”

“Oh but I need to be there anyway. I have arranged to collect another child, the one I collected with Mykhaila yesterday. Another girl who lives on the cruise at present. Her mother is working so can’t pick her up.”

“Has this been agreed with the school?”

“It was meant to be Diana getting the girl’s. Obviously she can’t so I offered to help. The girls know me well. In fact all the children on the ship know me. I work closely with them all as a support worker. It’s my job.”

“I strongly suggest you call the school Ms Hemmingdale. Any changes to who is collecting a child should first and foremost be approved by the Head Teacher.”

Broken, upset, and angry at herself for having not contacted social services right away yesterday when she knew she should have Ellen felt ashamed and sorrowful as she quietly apologised and promised to call the school right away. With tears stinging her eyes she ended the call then changed position in the minibus seat. Googling the number for Pirie Park Primary she pressed to call them struggling to think straight.

Hearing a bright young secretary answer the call Ellen swallowed before quickly saying who she was and that she was calling to say she was collecting Katya Holovaty due to her mother working late. Not even pausing to wait for a reply she then ended the call before the secretary could say anything further, taking a huge breath in before shifting in her seat. Digging in her bag for a bottle of juice she drank all that was left feeling thirsty and hot and uncomfortable.

Staring out the window trying to process all that the social worker had said Ellen wriggled in the seat only then processing that not only would she not be sleeping on the cruise ship that night but she was the only person who had the key to the Kravencho cabin. Her mind buzzing with it all she crossed her legs as her phone beeped with a text. Cautiously picking it up Ellen felt her frustration increasing yet again reading the short broken English message from Myroslava. She was on her way to pick up Katya from school because her daughter was sick. Shaking her head in disbelief Ellen put the phone in her bag and zipped it up. She needed a break from it all right now. She was exhausted , emotional, disappointed at herself, concerned for Mykhaila, and just to top it all off she really needed the toilet too.

Noticing they were now on the M80 heading towards Glasgow at last she crossed her legs and slid her hand between them, grateful at least that she could go straight back to the cruise ship where she planned to go straight to the ladies even before she thought about anything else.

*285*2023-11-27 01:15

Daniel unexpectedly sees Ellen again

Shifting around hoping no one was watching Daniel cracked on with the long list of things he needed to do trying his utmost not to get too excited as he felt the pressure from his bladder quickly increasing. Telling himself that he always managed to hold his bladder all day at work he pushed his physical need to one side as he caught up with the news online shaking his head as he read quote after quote from Keith Bryan. Thinking about what Ellen had told him about him banning reporters from coming into the tower block he shook his head in disbelief at comments he was quoted as saying about how fabulous the apartments were and how much Dundee city council was doing for the former residents of the Adventurer II. Interrupted by a call on his mobile something that was said reminded him that he still needed to check the cabins of all those who had now left to make sure they were tidy and nothing had been left behind.

Noticing it was now almost 3pm, and feeling very fidgety from his full bladder, Daniel decided to close the lid of his laptop and stretch his legs. Picking up the list of newly vacated cabins he walked towards the reception and the entrance to the ship when he froze suddenly convinced he could hear Ellen’s voice. Looking around frantically in every direction he spotted her walking towards reception with an older man beside her. Rushing over to greet her, absolutely delighted to see her again, he longed to throw his arms wide and hold her but stopped himself from doing so when it looked like Ellen was upset. Waiting while she signed in he noticed her pointing towards the lifts and the toilets saying something to the older man when finally she turned and their eyes met. Getting closer and closer to her Daniel knew instantly that something wasn’t right as he put his arm around Ellen not caring if anyone saw him.

“Are you ok Ellen? Who was that man with you?”

“That’s just the minibus driver. He asked if he could come in and use the bathroom. Actually Daniel I just need…”

Still with his arm around Ellen Daniel looked down at her anxious to know what was upsetting her so much.

“Where’s Mykhaila and Katya? Shouldn’t you be at the school collecting them? What’s happened?”

Shifting from leg to leg Daniel knew he couldn’t go anywhere right now until he knew what was going on.

“I called social work like you told me too. I’ll tell you more in a minute it’s just I…”

Placing both his hands on Ellen’s shoulders Daniel held his girlfriend firmly feeling really concerned about her.

“Ellen, tell me, why aren’t you at the school?”

Feeling Ellen’s whole body twisting beneath his hands like she desperately wanted to run away Daniel worried for her mental wellbeing as she moved her eyes to the ground away from his gaze. Softly, hesitantly, Ellen spoke some more at a level only he could hear.

“The social worker told me not to go to the school. Someone else is picking up Mykhaila. I’m guessing she’s being taken into foster care.”

Feeling his eyes stinging, and his concern for Ellen overwhelming him, Daniel no longer cared who was around or what they might think as he pulled Ellen into his arms and held her tightly as she sobbed into his chest. Hearing flashbacks in his mind to his earlier conversation with Victoria, the nurse, Daniel couldn’t help but feel angry that she might have informed social services. Longing for privacy he released his hold on Ellen then reached down to take her hand.

“Let’s get away from reception Ellen. Come with me this way.”

Pulling Ellen gently he headed down the corridor to his right towards the meeting room where they were once locked in together. Going through some double doors opposite and heading up a flight of stairs to the first floor Daniel checked his list before finding room 106 and pushing it open. Steering Ellen to sit down on the couch he sat beside her facing her bouncing his leg desperately. Noticing how tense and stressed Ellen looked he noticed she was sitting more on the edge of the couch than properly on the seat.

“So what exactly did the social worker say and what about Katya? Surely she’s not been taken into care too?”

“They just said not to collect Mykhaila as they had made arrangements, but that they would need access to her cabin later this evening. I had a text from Myroslava. Katya was sent home from school sick so she had to pick her up. I don’t know if anyone will have told Diana, Daniel. I should go see her and see how she is. I should have went before now! I should have called social work yesterday. I feel so shit right now. And I’ve been bursting for the loo for ages too!”

“I can take you to the hospital if you want to go but surely social services would need to inform Diana if they were taking her child into care? They can’t just turn up at a school and take a child can they?”

“Sometimes they can. I just don’t know anymore. That poor child will be terrified right now. I know exactly how that feels.”

“It’ll only be temporarily until Diana is better surely? I mean they are moving away in just over a week so they can’t stop that I wouldn’t think? Diana will get better and then Mykhaila will get back home and it will all be forgotten. Then they’ll start afresh in Dundee.”

“That’s what I was hoping for too Daniel. But then I honestly thought Mrs Kravencho was getting better. I never expected her to be admitted again.”

“None of us did. We’ve been so busy with the big move. It’s not your fault Ellen. Mykhaila is in safe hands. There’s nothing more you can do. Even if you hadn’t t have called social work it sounds like they had this all organised anyway. Someone else must have informed them.”

That seemed to get Ellen’s attention as she raised her eyes to look directly into Daniel’s.

“That’s what I’ve been thinking on the minibus coming here. It won’t have been any of the refugees. They look out for each other, plus none of them would even know how to contact social services anyway. My thought is the hospital. She’ll be in the same ward as before and Mykhaila used to visit the last time. They use interpreters so Diana might have asked about Mykhaila and that might have triggered them to call. I don’t know. They definitely knew from someone though. God I really need to wee so bad!”

“Please don’t be angry with me Ellen, but that nurse that comes here, Victoria? I spoke to her this morning because I was worried about Diana and wanted to know if she knew anything. She wasn’t happy that we hadn’t told her about Tetyana and Mrs Ivanov leaving today nor about Mrs Kravchenco going into hospital. Then she started probing about Mykhaila and saying that social work should have been more proactive. According to her Diana is practically getting palliative care! I’m so so sorry if I said anything out of place. This is all my fault!”

With Ellen still looking right at him and them both shifting awkwardly on the couch, both desperate to empty their very full bladders, Daniel was pleasantly surprised when Ellen lifted her hand and stroked his cheek affectionately. Leaning closer to him, with their eyes locked together and their bodies practically touching, Daniel heard his own heart beating fast in his chest as their lips met and they kissed for the first time since their kiss goodbye that morning.

The kiss was short but lovely as Ellen pulled away just enough to whisper before kissing again, this time much more affectionately and longer.

“It’s ok honey. It’s not your fault at all.”

*286*2023-11-28 01:14

Warm release

Half dosing and half watching the motorway, all the time aware of the constant heavy pressure in her bladder, Ellen’s mind struggled to process the events of the day so far. From waking beside Mykhaila and getting her ready for school, to Daniel kissing her and saying he loved her before she left on the minibus, to the emotional events in Dundee, to now the news from Mykhaila’s social worker. Tired from lack of sleep, stressed from needing the toilet so badly, and worried about both Diana and Mykhaila, Ellen was at least grateful that the driver was fine with the change of plan to just return directly to King George V port.

Moving seamlessly onto the M8 Ellen watched as she passed familiar buildings and the river Clyde, her body fighting the whole time against her and pressuring her for release. Hoping for no hold ups she heard the driver muttering under his breath in the silence of the bus. Not wanting to disturb him Ellen concentrated on her own desperate need as she zipped up her bag in anticipation of arriving at the cruise ship soon. Driving down the A739 near the primary school and in the direction of her own home Ellen bit her lip anxiously thinking of Mykhaila again but glad she wasn’t now picking her up simply because she was now needing the toilet so badly.

Finally seeing the cruise ship in the distance as the minibus indicated towards the port Ellen shifted in her seat grabbing her bag ready to get off. Hearing the engine turn off she walked briskly to the driver to thank him as she turned her body towards the door to get off.

“Excuse me madam but is there a gents I could possibly use here?”

Turning to nod to the driver she beckoned him to follow her as they both marched up the gangway towards the reception. Squeezing her thighs tightly together Ellen told the driver she’d just be a minute as she signed them both in, explaining to the receptionist who the driver was and that he was only using the toilet. Pointing to where they were by the lift Ellen turned her head to see Daniel in front of her, not quite in touching distance but close enough for their eyes to meet as a surge of emotion overtook her. Feeling Daniel’s comforting arm on her shoulder Ellen longed to hug him and be held by him as her bladder demanded her attention and she tried to excuse herself just for a moment.

Assuming Daniel hadn’t heard her asking to be excused her eyes filled with tears as he looked down at her so compassionately, immediately asking about why she didn’t have the girls with her. Trying to run to the toilets, which were just opposite where she was standing, Ellen found herself unable to move as Daniel placed his hands on her shoulder obviously concerned about why she was upset and why she didn’t have the girls with her. Squirming under his hands Ellen struggled to say all that had happened when Daniel then abruptly took her hands and pulled her along the corridor and up the stairs to the first floor pushing open a cabin door and dragging her in.

Sitting on the edge of the couch in the identical cabin to the one she’d slept in the night before with Mykhaila Ellen tensed every muscle from her waist down as she struggled to hold her exhausted bladder at bay. Answering Daniel’s questions as best she could whilst pushing her thighs tightly together and squeezing hard Ellen leaned forward and looked at the floor as she updated her boyfriend as quickly as she could, anxious to get to the bathroom which she knew was just behind the sofa.

But then Daniel suggested that someone must have informed social work about Diana before she had called them and Ellen lifted her eyes to meet Daniel’s as her most inward thoughts were suddenly confirmed. Hearing someone else voice what she was thinking was so reassuring and connecting as Ellen no longer felt alone for the first time since making the call to social work. Doing her utmost to ignore the urgent demand from her body she confessed to Daniel how she suspected the hospital until Daniel tearfully shared about his own encounter with Victoria that morning. Hearing his emotional sorrowful voice Ellen’s heart almost burst with empathy as she felt compelled to touch Daniel and show him how much she cared for him.

Reaching out to gently stroke his cheek Ellen wriggled on the couch awkwardly as she felt Daniel doing similar as their bodies grew closer and their faces drew towards each other like magnets. Letting her lips brush Daniel’s Ellen felt such a powerful pull towards the man who she had worked so closely with for the last 12 months and who she now lusted after so badly. Needing to reassure him that none of the situation with Mykhaila was any of his fault she released her lips from Daniel’s just to tell him that before immediately kissing him again, caught up in the emotion and passion of the moment and realising just how badly she’d missed him all day.

With their lips locked together Ellen felt her pulse increasing and her throbbing vagina warming and dampening as their arms held one another on the couch as their need for each other seemed to become all encompassing. Allowing Daniel’s hand to slide her bag off her shoulder first before moving onto sneaking under her long jumper to fondle her tingling breasts Ellen wriggled and squirmed as she forced her body to ignore her bursting bladder yet again. Glancing down at Daniel’s upper legs she couldn’t help but notice his other hand tightly covering his crotch as he pushed one leg against the other awkwardly.

Pulling away from Daniel’s lips, red faced and excited, Ellen gazed down at her boyfriend’s crotch smiling.

“Someone seems keen?”

Watching as he rubbed himself with the palm of his hand Ellen then looked up at Daniel who looked embarrassed but very sexy. Meeting his eye again Ellen felt a warm dribble of urine leak into her pants as Daniel’s words and voice almost put her over the edge.

“Oh I’m horny alright babe but I had this idea of wanting to turn you on and well….I haven’t been for a piss all day. I think I’ve misjudged my holding ability though…”

Frantically standing up Ellen pulled Daniel’s jumper over his head, tossing it over the back of the sofa, before running her hands down his hairy gorgeous brown chest. Pulling him up she undid his trousers struggling against his hand gripping his crotch tightly. Removing his hand to yank his trousers down Ellen’s knees went weak as Daniel squeaked in despair before gripping his crotch over his underwear just late enough for Ellen to notice a wet spot. Sliding his socks and shoes off quickly Ellen proceeded to undress herself seeing Daniel’s eyes widen like saucers seeing her vast breasts bursting out of her cotton bra. Grabbing at her own pants as she felt more wee leaking out Ellen beckoned to Daniel to follow her as they squirmed clumsily towards the bathroom.

Pushing the door open Ellen pee danced gripping her crotch for dear life at the sight of the toilet. Looking behind her she saw Daniel bent forward holding his crotch with both hands as he moaned and groaned in desperation. Hearing him begging and quivering Ellen felt lust and desire on a level she could barely control as she grabbed Daniel’s arm and pulled him into the shower with her. No loner smaller than him due to his bent over stature Ellen slipped her bra and pants off and tossed them out the shower cubicle as she grabbed herself one handed and spoke into Daniel’s ear.

“I’ve been needing to wee since I was on the minibus back in Dundee. I’ve been holding it for ages now wriggling and squirming on the bus. My bladder is so full it aches and I’ve dribbled into my panties a few times. I’m really really bursting you know. Absolutely dying for the loo. You’ve been stopping me from going and I’ve loved every minute honey.”

Hurriedly, impulsively, impetuously, Ellen found herself pinned to the shower cubicle wall as Daniel one handedly ripped his boxers down his leg, kicking them out the shower as Ellen felt his hard penis rub against her leg. Now with both Daniel’s hands on the wall by her head and his warm naked body against hers Ellen shook as Daniel grunted hoarsely and needy into her ear.

“Piss on me baby. Soak me with your warm heavenly discharge. Use my body as your toilet my darling, my bursting beauty.”

Lifting her vast hips upwards whilst leaning back on the shower wall Ellen closed her eyes and relaxed as a long strong urgent spurt burst from her aching thundering urethra all over Daniel’s naked body. Feeling Daniel’s penis throbbing and shaking against her upper leg Ellen knew without even looking how erotic Daniel was finding the whole situation as he groaned pleasurably as Ellen signed loudly releasing a huge waterfall of wee, hearing it dripping into the shower tray and gurgling down the drain. Opening her eyes she grinned ecstatically as Daniel gyrated his body against hers hungrily and impertinently until she felt his warm sticky cum all over her thigh. Feeling immense relief, and full of affection and infatuation for Daniel, Ellen was delighted and high when Daniel leaned towards her kissing her lovingly and gently as her nostrils filled with his gorgeous manly aroma.

With their lips kissing and their bodies entwined Ellen recognised instantly the warm wet feeling running down her inner thigh and legs as her body lusted after Daniel deeply as his bladder exploded its contents all over her naked large body as they caressed and embraced each other dearly. The thought he’d been desperately holding all that just for her was the most divine and amazing feeling ever. Allowing her boyfriend to kiss her neck and chest and suck her nipples Ellen giggled happily knowing they were both more relaxed than they’d felt in hours.

*288*2023-11-28 19:24

{{12 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Wow! What a brilliant climax to the day. How did each of them avoided totally soaking their clothes ?!! (Hint, personally I’d have loved it even more had they lost control before undressing, but that’s just my particular kink, and quite how you’d have got them out of that mess I don’t know. Although given your story telling gifts I’m sure you’d have found a way!)

Thank you so much for another great episode!

}}

That might happen at some point the way things are going! I did say there was some steamy things to come so glad you stuck with it. Thanks for reading and commenting. It means a lot to me!

*289*2023-11-30 01:14

In cabin 106

It might have only been a matter of hours since he’d watched Ellen leave the cruise ship to travel for Dundee but now holding her and kissing her it felt like he hadn’t seen her in months. The urgency and need for her was so strong that sitting so close to her curvaceous body, feeling her hair tickling his cheek and her lips tenderly kissing his, Daniel couldn’t stop his hand wandering down Ellen’s back and arms as he slid her handbag off her arms. His own penis throbbing both with an urgent need to pee and now the rushing of blood making him hard Daniel pressed his thighs together as she hungrily slid his arms inside Ellen’s long jumper eager to fondle her amazing and delicious breasts.

Feeling his dick trembling he pushed his free hand down to pinch its tip terrified he might pee everywhere just as things were heating up. Awkwardly Ellen seemed to notice as she commented about his erection just as Daniel rubbed at his swollen manhood in his trousers trying to prevent his bladder bursting. Embarrassed, but so incredibly aroused, Daniel caught Ellen’s eye as he felt his face warming and his forehead sweating. Hoping what he was about to say would enhance the moment and not put his girlfriend off Daniel quietly told his girlfriend all about his plan to be desperate for her arriving back on the ship in the hope it might turn her on.

Seeing her eyes light up like fire and her legs squirming on the couch Daniel watched as Ellen stood up as if a switch had been suddenly turned on. Letting her pull him up too Daniel allowed Ellen to pull his hands up in the air as she pulled his jumper over his head in one urgent move, tossing it freely onto the back of the sofa before running her hands erotically down the front of his chest. Feeling her touch like electricity running through his body Daniel gripped his crotch tightly worried he was just seconds from losing control. When Ellen then moved swiftly on to undoing his trousers Daniel panicked at the thought of having to let go of the vice grip he had on his dick. Trapped between the thrill of being undressed by a clearly bursting beautiful fuller woman and the humiliation of wetting everywhere Daniel gasped and squeaked as Ellen tugged at his trousers forcing him to let go of his crotch just for a few seconds.

That was all it took though for urine that had been trapped in his penis by his vice tight grip to leak out leaving a very obvious warm wet patch on his underwear. Grabbing himself quickly, just in the nick of time to prevent a full on waterfall like explosion, Daniel freely allowed Ellen to pull off his socks and shoes as his heat thumped in excitement seeing her then undress herself. Gawping in desire at her wonderful enticing vast breasts, which he swore looked bigger and more appealing knowing she was desperate to pee, Daniel almost ejaculated on the spot as he gazed at Ellen wearing nothing but her underwear as she grabbed at her own crotch and danced around.

Entranced by her every move Daniel eagerly and more than willingly followed as she beckoned towards the bathroom as he clutched and grabbed at himself trying desperately to just hold on a few seconds more. Squirming behind an equally desperate Ellen he made his way into the bathroom moaning at the sight of the toilet at last. Praying his bladder could hold on just that tiny bit longer he tried stepping closer to the toilet preventing from going any further by Ellen’s fuller figure in front of him. Bent forward moaning and begging to get to the toilet Daniel was looking at the floor when he felt a hand on his arm and a strong pulling as he let Ellen drag him into the shower cubicle. Raising his eyes just enough to see her toss her bra and knickers out onto the bathroom floor Daniel’s pulse raced and his whole body ached with need, expedited and amplified by Ellen softly and erotically describing how long she’d had to pee for and how desperate she was.

Shivering with both an extreme need to urinate and an insatiable urge to cum Daniel ripped his own wet boxers off as he pinned Ellen against the side of the shower wanting her so much he felt he was losing control. Barely able to speak from such a dry throat and such compelling desire to fuck his girlfriend Daniel pushed his body as close to Ellen’s as he could as he spoke into her ear as she squirmed against his body desperately.

“Piss on me baby. Soak me with your warm heavenly discharge. Use my body as your toilet my darling, my bursting beauty.”

No sooner were the words out his mouth than he felt her push upwards as her back arched and her hips surged forwards as Daniel felt warm urine soaking his testicles, thighs and inner legs, feeling high from the tickle and wetness against the hairs on his legs and sexual organs. His dick harder and longer than ever he felt his erection trembling against Ellen’s body hearing her sighing and whimpering in relief. His mouth open, his legs spread and with his girlfriend’s urine running down his lower body and soaking his naked feet, Daniel leant forward using his arms to take his full body weight as his penis gyrated off of Ellen’s wet warm thighs, the sensitive head relishing her pee soaked pussy. Sensing that familiar uncontrollable urgent feeling arising within his body quickly Daniel surrendered to his need letting his penis rub and rock faster and faster until it erupted strongly and urgently all over Ellen’s upper leg.

Needing to kiss Ellen like he needing his next breath Daniel moved his face closer to hers, meeting her gaze and feeling overcome with emotion as he let their lips meet, this time deeply and passionately as he twisted his legs around Ellen’s and explored her naked body eagerly with his hands. With his tongue inside Ellen’s delicious mouth, his fingers running though her har and his legs entwined in hers Daniel wasn’t going to let anything interfere with their sexual hunger, especially so his now critical physical need to empty his bladder. Relaxed, heady with lust, and beyond the point of having any self control left he let his urethra relax as warm pee poured freely all over Ellen’s lower body and his as neither of them even paused or commented.

Whilst his dick exploded Daniel sucked at Ellen’s neck and nipples excitedly feeling seedy with the high of combined sexual lust and simultaneous relief. Finally feeling the last of the dribbles on the head of his penis Daniel put both hands on Ellen’s face as he kissed her once more and then looked at her smiling.

“You are the most beautiful, most wonderful woman I have ever met Ellen. I feel like a new man right now. Boy did I need that piss!”

“How did you know this cabin was free?”

“Reception gave me a list of all the ones vacated this morning. They asked me to check them all before the end of the day incase anything was accidentally left.”

“Do you think there’s any towels in that cupboard there?”

Letting go of Ellen Daniel stepped out of the cubicle with one foot just enough to open the cupboard Ellen had pointed to as he reached in and pulled out a bath towel. Showing Ellen he stepped back into the cubicle, leaving the towel outside, just as Ellen turned on the water as they both laughed with the shock of the cold water hitting their naked bodies. Helping each other to rinse off their legs and thighs and sexual organs in the now warm water flow Ellen then turned off the shower as they stepped out one at a time sharing the towel to get dried.

Getting themselves redressed again Daniel loved how Ellen returned to chatting like they had never just been naked and peed all over each other.

“I suppose I had better get my stuff from The Kravchenco cabin downstairs. I hope Katya is ok. I should leave the keys to the cabin at reception for the social worker to get in. I expect they’ll take all of Mykhaila’s personal things and clothing. I suppose on a positive at least I might get some sleep tonight in my own bed.”

“You can always come and sleep at mine you know. I missed you so much last night.”

“I missed you too but I think after the day I’ve had I need a bit of time to be alone.”

Holding the door open to let Ellen out Daniel leaned down just as she passed him. Kissing her on the cheek sweetly and tenderly he ran a finger through her hair.

“God I love you Ellen Hemmingdale. More than I ever thought I could.”

*291*2023-12-01 00:21

Ellen struggles to stay composed

Wishing time could stand still so she could forever remain naked in the shower with Daniel, her legs warm and dripping with the abundance of his wee and her body so aroused and warm from his sucking and licking, Ellen allowed her eyes to open as she looked deep into Daniel’s as he cupped her face in his hands.

Hearing him call her beautiful and wonderful touched her deeply, not just because the words were sweet, romantic even, but the depth with which he spoke them as he looked right into Ellen’s soul made her know without a doubt that he meant every word. They weren’t words someone like her heard often yet something inside her felt so scared at the thought of trusting her heart to Daniel. Years of being passed from family to family like she was a pass the parcel at a party only to be discarded once they found out what she was really like inside Ellen had taught herself to be wary, cautious, to guard her heart. Now looking at Daniel and hearing his words those protective walls were starting to crumble and it scared Ellen more than she was ready to admit.

Quickly refocusing to get out of the awkwardness of not knowing what to say back to her boyfriend Ellen concentrated as always on the practicalities. Curious how Daniel knew the cabin they were in was empty she changed the subject quickly to ask him. Nodding as he replied her upper leg was suddenly itchy and sticky as she looked down at her naked body knowing she had to get cleaned before she could even think about getting dressed again.

Knowing where the staff left clean towels having stayed over with Mykhaila now a few times she pointed to a small cupboard and asked Daniel to check if there were any towels. Seeing him pick one up she turned the shower on forgetting how cold the initial first blast of water would be. Unable to stop herself laughing at Daniel’s reaction as he stepped back into the shower right under the cold water Ellen began to feel more relaxed again as they both cleaned up their bodies before she stepped out first to get dried then handed Daniel the towel. Finding her clothing in the bathroom and the main living area of the cabin Ellen switched to work mode easily once dressed. Thinking about the girls she was supposedly to have collected from school she voiced her inner thoughts as if a Daniel wasn’t in the room.

Knowing how much it would break her to see Mykhaila come and collect her things with a social worker Ellen decided to head back to the Kravchenco cabin on the other side of the ship to collect her personal things then leave the keys at reception. Tired and overwhelmed from all that the day had brought she headed towards the door grateful that Daniel was holding it open for her. Pausing just long enough to glance back into cabin 106 to make sure she had everything and they hadn’t left any evidence of their antics Ellen was surprised at Daniel’s sweet gesture as he leant down and kissed her on the cheek whilst running his fingers through her hair. It felt so soothing and reassuring but the he added what was now becoming his usual catchphrase.

How could he use the word love so easily? How did he truly know if he was in love or whether it was just lust or infatuation? Needing space Ellen smiled at him feeling her face redden as she walked into the corridor towards the stairwell. Hearing Daniel right behind her she couldn’t think of anything more to say as she carried on her way across the main atrium of the ground floor of the cruise ship past the canteen and work areas and towards where she’d stayed the night before. Fishing for the key to the cabin in her handbag Ellen opened the cabin and stepped in glad to finally be alone.

Shaking, exhausted, and emotional she grabbed her belongings before sitting in the double bed taking a moment to hug Mykhaila’s teddy tightly in her arms. Wondering if she’d ever see the little girl again that she’d become very attached to in the last 12 months she said a silent prayer for Diana begging God to somehow make her better. Giving the Teddy one last squeeze before kissing it as if it were real Ellen tucked it back into the bed just as Mykhaila had done before school that morning. Tidying up the cabin one final time she picked up her bags and paused to survey the tiny room one last time. Tears stinging at the corner of her eyes she closed the door slowly hearing Mykhaila’s voice as if she was dreaming.

Shaking her head she locked the cabin up then turned to walk down the corridor blinking at the sight of Mykhaila running towards her.

“Ellen! Ellen! Guess what! Lorraine has just taken me to see my mum!”

Dropping her bags instantly to wrap her arms around the excited girl running towards her with her untidy hair and scruffy uniform Ellen couldn’t help but lean down and kiss the child’s forehead just as she had the teddy in the room. As Lorraine caught up to the child in her custody Ellen lifted her head and smiled professionally. Feeling like she needed to justify her presence outside of the child’s cabin she instantly became defensive.

“I’ve been in Dundee all day and not long arrived back. I just came to collect my things from staying over last night.”

“That’s ok. We’re just back from the Queen Elizabeth University hospital as Mykhails said. I thought she’d want to see her mum and I wanted to explain things to Mrs Kravchenco personally. We just popped by to pick up Mykhaila’s things then I have told her I’ll take her for a trip to McDonald’s for tea before I take her to meet the temporary foster family. It’s an exciting evening isn’t it Mykhaila?”

Struggling to hold back the tears at the naivety of the little Ukrainian girl in her arms Ellen smiled down at her as best she could as she unlocked the cabin door and held it open for them both to enter. Looking in and seeing Mykhaila immediately run to her teddy and hug it Ellen knew she had to leave for her own mental wellbeing.

“Enjoy McDonald’s and don’t forget your toothbrush from the bathroom. Bye Mykhaila.”

Closing the door softly Ellen picked up her belongings from outside the cabin as she walked alone down the corridor past the other cabins and the small laundry room she’d used last night towards the public atrium and the smell of all sorts of delicious meals coming from the canteen. Remembering that her wages had went in that morning after what had felt like a never ending month Ellen promised herself a take away as she walked determinedly towards the reception desk to sign out after a long and emotional day.

*292*2023-12-03 00:48

Daniel gets delayed going home

Leaving the cabin unlocked just as he found it and walking along the corridor through the double doors into the stairwell Daniel watched Ellen’s back idolising her shape and curves and her every movement. She hadnt replied when he’d said he loved her in the doorway but as far as he was concerned she didn’t need to; her actions previously in the cabin told him all he needed to know.

Giving her the freedom and independence he knew she needed he walked behind her towards the reception veering in the opposite direction as soon as possible to avoid suspicion and so he could get back to his work area quickly. His mind so focussed on Ellen he opened his laptop to check for any new emails as he simultaneously pulled his phone out from his pocket and checked for any messages. Struggling to focus after the high of what he’d just experienced back in cabin 106 Daniel slipped his coat on and decided he might be better going home and getting any further work done from there if necessary. Packing away his computer and zipping up his bag he glanced at his watch noticing it was almost 5pm anyway. Strolling confidently through the public atrium to sign out Daniel felt taller, stronger, happier than he’d felt in years.

Feeling the cold late September air hitting him as he walked down the gangway into the car park Daniel pulled his key out of his pocket ready as he strode towards his Audi wishing Ellen was coming back home with him. Wondering what she was doing at that exact moment he noticed Mykhaila heading up the gangway with an older woman beside her. Trying not to think about what Ellen had said about the child being taken into foster care he slid into the driver’s seat and was just about to drive away when his mobile rang. Checking the called ID on screen he anxiously answered right away, shocked to be hearing from his mum on a work day.

“Hi mum. Everything ok?”

Listening as his mum blurted out loudly and quickly, questioning him constantly and going on about her weekly grocery delivery Daniel looked confused as he shook his head trying to get a word in edgeways as his mum kept talking on and on.

“I got a text message yesterday Daniel.. It wasn’t the usual one and I was worried it was one of those scam things. You know the ones you told me about and to ignore? But this one seemed genuine. I promise you it did. It said my delivery had been cancelled and rescheduled for today between 1 and 3. But you know that’s no good for me Daniel. I tell you every week not to book that time because of my knitting group. Asma has us all working on cuddle toys to sell at the Mosque for Eid.

Anyway, I called the number on the text and the lovely man I spoke to said they would get my delivery to me this morning instead. Except it still hasn’t come and I don’t have any bread left now, or milk, or butter or fruit. I need my fresh meat and rice and vegetables and all the rest for Saturday too. What am I supposed to do Daniel? This hasn’t happened before. You know I can’t carry a full weeks worth of stuff and it’s not appropriate for me to go alone to the supermarket. You know it’s not the Muslim thing to do.”

“Calm down mum. Let me come off the phone one minute and check my bank. They might also have emailed me. Can you give me a few minutes and I’ll call you right back? I’ll let you know what’s happening shortly. Try not to worry ok?”

Feeling guilty for hanging up on his mum when she was clearly distressed Daniel quickly checked his phone for any emails from the supermarket before checking his bank online to see if they had taken the money already. Reading an email confirming what his mum had already said about the original delivery being cancelled and rescheduled Daniel then checked his bank to see that there was no transaction to the supermarket that week so far at all. Another quick call to the customer service number on the email confirmed his initial thoughts; that the entire order had been cancelled and now wouldn’t be delivered at all. Sighing Daniel called his mum back promising that he’d go buy her necessities himself right then and there and that he’d call round in the next few hours with everything she wanted.

Finding himself wandering around a busy unfamiliar supermarket, with music that gave him a headache and lights that seemed way brighter than necessary, Daniel was at least grateful for the fact that he’d made a list on his phone with his mum back on Saturday afternoon. Remembering how he’d had to do the online shop quickly that day so he could pick Ellen up from her voluntary work in the torrential rain he put a large tray of fresh chicken in the trolley smiling thinking of his girlfriend. Ticking off everything as he found it Daniel was finally making his way to the checkout when he saw a prominent stand full of fresh flowers. Pausing to admire the expensive bouquets of seasonal colourful flowers Daniel picked one up to see the price. Turning it in his hand to check it from every angle he nodded to himself approvingly as he placed the bouquet in the trolley.

Bagging and paying for the shopping Daniel carefully placed the flowers on top of the trolley as he returned to his car, packing it all meticulously into the boot. Hungry, tired and thirsty he drove direct to his mum’s, parking in the exact same place he did every Saturday morning. Ringing his mum’s doorbell he lifted the first bag to hand to her as he looked up seeing her smile gratefully down at him. Taken back right instantly to being a child again he felt his spirit warm inside at the approval from his prominent parent. Helping her get the bags inside he left everything in her kitchen as he checked she was ok then headed back out.

“I got everything on your list. Let me know if you need anything else. See you Saturday. Take care mum.”

Closing the front door behind himself Daniel returned to his car seeing the large bouquet of flowers resting on the back shelf. Beaming with excitement and the thrill of seeing Ellen again when she wasn’t expecting him he switched his sat nav on and scrolled through the history to find Ellen’s address. Following the directions he soon recognised the area as he parked as close to her block as he could, thrilled to spot Ellen’s car just a bit further down the street.

Holding the large bouquet in front of himself he ripped the price tag off carefully as he walked confidently and blissfully towards the broken front door of the block of flats hearing dogs barking and shouting coming from above.

*293*2023-12-05 00:04

Ellen wants company

Safe inside her own car Ellen sat alone staring out the windscreen battling against her emotions and forcing herself not to cry. Rationally she knew Mykhaila would be looked after but after all she’d been through fleeing war, leaving her father behind to fight, living on a ship in a strange country, having to learn English and then her mum becoming seriously ill Ellen’s heart broke at the thought of the child being taken from her home, her family and her community yet again. Aware that much of what she felt was a reflection of her own life experience she shook her head to force herself back to the present as she started her car and drove out the car park.

Doing a slight detour to Lidl she stopping to pick up a basket full of essential items she’d needed for days but hadn’t had the money for until she was paid. Putting the bags in the passenger seat she drove home thinking of what she could order herself for dinner. It felt strange parking outside her block of flats again having been so many places since she was last home.

From the luxury of Daniel’s house, to the neat compactness of the cabins on the Adventurer II, to the newness and freshness of Tulloch Court in Dundee, Ellen suddenly looked at her own black of flats in a new light. What once had seemed like a palace, finally having a place of her own, now felt lonely, damp, noisy and run down as she navigated carefully up the filthy stairwell struggling not to drop her shopping bags. Standing exposed to the elements on the open walkway outside her front door she placed the bags on the ground listening to a dog barking somewhere in the close and neighbours nearby having a loud argument.

Glad to lock her front door away from it all Ellen put the groceries away and switched on the kettle for a cuppa. Turning the heating on she made herself a warm cuppa with fresh milk and sat down on her sofa turning the TV on to drown out the dog and the shouting. Feeling hungry she pulled her phone out of her bag and opened the just eat app. Scrolling through the hundreds of options that came with living close to the city centre she opted for a simple Chinese, sighing when she saw the fact they required a minimum order before they would deliver. Adding a starter and prawn crackers that she thought she could perhaps keep for another day she pressed order and waited for the confirmation screen to appear. Watching the early evening news whilst finishing her tea she tried keeping her mind busy despite everything she heard and saw making her think of Mykhaila, or her friends now in Dundee, or the fact she’s only have one more wage from her job to come before once again being unemployed.

Turning the TV down a bit so she didn’t miss the food delivery Ellen shook her head still hearing the dog barking loudly and even more shouting than before. Fetching her blanket she curled under it alone on her couch, tired and hungry, as she hoped her food wouldn’t be much longer. Starting to doze she jumped hearing a loud knock at the door at last. Expecting her dinner she opened the door eagerly looking up and blinking seeing Daniel stood there holding a huge bouquet of colourful flowers in front of him.

“Oh. Hi. I wasn’t expecting you.”

“I saw these and thought of you. They made me think of your bright jacket and umbrella. The one you had on the day I picked you up to take you to Dundee. You looked so beautiful that day. Anyway, these are for you my darling. May I come in?”

“Oh. Em. Of course. Sorry I thought you were my dinner arriving.”

Closing the door behind Daniel Ellen immediately locked it again leaving the keys in the lock for safety. Turning to face Daniel, who looked so comfortable and friendly and gentle in his cream jumper and earth green trousers that accentuated his gorgeous flawless brown skin, Ellen was just thinking what to say when Daniel spoke first.

“I know you said you wanted to be alone tonight, and I am not disrespecting that. But as I say I saw these and thought of you and…are you crying? Have I upset you?”

“I’ve never had someone buy me flowers before. In fact I don’t think I’ve ever seen such a huge bouquet in my life.”

Raising a hand to wipe a stray tear from her face Ellen struggled to compose herself once again as her eyes met Daniel’s. Reaching out to take the flowers from him she let her head rest on his chest as he placed an arm around her and held her securely.

“I didn’t mean to make you cry.”

Lifting the flowers from his hand Ellen stepped into the adjacent kitchen as she walked towards the sink to place the flowers somewhere safe. With her back to Daniel she put the plug in the sink and ran some water aware that she didn’t even possess a vase.

“It’s been an emotional day.”

“Of course. A long one for you too.”

Leaving the flowers to sit in the sink Ellen turned to talk more with Daniel but before she could say anything more she was interrupted by a loud knock at the door.

“That’ll be my dinner, at last. I’ll just be a minute.”

Unlocking the door Ellen thanked the driver and gave him a tip before locking the door again and returning to the kitchen. Holding the tied bag of food in her hands she watched as Daniel stepped towards her as he bent down to kiss her cheek.

“I’ll leave you to have your dinner. Text me or call me if you need anything at all.”

Watching as her boyfriend took a few steps out of the kitchen towards her front door Ellen stopped frozen to the spot as her brain tried to think what to do. Suddenly feeling like she needed company more than anything else right then she took one step into the hall and reached out with her free hand to touch Daniel’s arm.

Quietly, longingly, Ellen looked up at Daniel meeting his eye and smiling shyly.

“Please stay. I’m sure there’s enough for both of us.”

With his hand on the door handle still Daniel leant down and kissed Ellen sweetly on the forehead before standing back up and smiling at her.

“It’s not Char Sui is it?”

“Vegetable spring rolls, lemon chicken with boiled rice and some prawn crackers.”

Watching her boyfriend wink at her mischievously even Ellen giggled as he joked back.

“Sounds delicious. We’ll just pretend it’s Halal too shall we? I mean it’s not like the poor chicken can tell us any different anyway is it?”

Getting the only two dinner plates she owned out a cupboard in the small kitchen Ellen placed the food on the worktop as she felt Daniel very close behind her.

“I’ve missed you so much today Ellen.”

Dishing up the food equally onto the plates Ellen felt Daniel’s breath on the back of her neck as he kissed the side of her neck before standing up.

“Can I help you at all? Get us both a drink or something?”

“That would be great. The glasses are in the cupboard above the kettle. I picked up some diluting juice in Lidl. I hope that’s ok for you? It’s in the door of the fridge.”

With the plates full Ellen turned to check on Daniel, her mouth open in shock as she saw him holding and reading the letter from her landlord regarding her rent increase that she had completely forgotten was sitting on the kitchen counter still.

*294*2023-12-06 00:26

Daniel stays for dinner at Ellen’s

Walking up the filthy litter strewn staircase in the dim flickering light of the stairwell Daniel held the bouquet tightly as he navigated carefully towards the first floor landing. Walking along the exposed open corridor to the second door he knocked confidently knowing Ellen was home, desperately wanting to see her.

Seeing Ellen in the bright light of her own home standing facing him Daniel was struck by her flawless beauty as his mouth engaged before his brain and he blurted out eagerly how he’d brought some flowers because the colours reminded him of her on the day he’d picked her up to go to Dundee. Inviting himself in without even having said hi he looked right at Ellen as she anxiously locked the door behind him then turned to face him. Confused that she didn’t appear happy, and in actual fact even tearful and sad, he suddenly remembered his girlfriend saying she’d wanted to be alone as guilt consumed him for just assuming it was ok to just turn up uninvited.

Apologising for his rudeness and disrespect at not honouring her wishes Daniel looked again at Ellen’s tearful eyes as he had to ask why she was crying. Had he upset her that much by bringing her flowers? Was she allergic to them? Looking at her closely to try and understand Daniel finally closed his mouth and took time to listen. Aghast and in shock at hearing that Ellen had never in her life received flowers Daniel’s heart broke as he longed to heal the pain that Ellen hid so well. Unsure of what to do though he watched achingly as Ellen wiped a tear from her eye then stepped towards him to take the flowers. Letting Ellen lead he gently moved his arm around her shoulder and drew her in as she rested her head on his chest.

“I didn’t mean to upset you.”

Then just as quickly as she’d leant on him Ellen pulled herself away again as Daniel watched her head into the kitchen towards the sink and turn the tap on. Just making out her voice over the noice of the tap Daniel thought she said something about it being an emotional day as he then remembered that Ellen had had to say goodbye to 12 Ukrainian refugees that she had befriended for 12 months then received the heartbreaking news that Mykhaila was being taken into care. No words seemed enough to even sum up something as monumental as that so Daniel just quietly replied acknowledging that Ellen had indeed had a long day.

Unsure how much of her day Ellen wanted to talk about Daniel was feeling more than a little uncomfortable and out his depth when a loud knock at the door made him turn. Carefully watching Ellen, fearful of who might be coming to the door in an area like they were in, he sighed quietly when Ellen took a bag of food from the man at the door before quickly locking the door behind him again. Sensing this would be a very apt time to leave Daniel waited for Ellen to come back into the kitchen before excusing himself and walking towards Ellen’s front door, not wanting to leave Ellen but eager to respect her wishes nonetheless.

With his hand stretched out ready to turn the key to unlock the door Daniel suddenly felt Ellen’s hand touching his arm as he instantly turned to meet her eye. Feeling a pull towards the most beautiful and wonderful woman he was sure ever existed he leaned down to kiss her forehead, his eyes stinging with tears and his heart relieved to not be leaving his precious woman alone in such a vulnerable place. So happy to be asked to stay Daniel’s mood lifted instantly as he smelt the Chinese food in Ellen’s hand and jokingly checked it wasn’t pork, the one meat he couldn’t eat as a Muslim.

Smiling as Ellen told him what she’d ordered he no longer actually cared for once whether or not the meat was Halal or not as his stomach groaned and his lips salivated in hunger. As Ellen returned to the small kitchen and set about getting plates to dish up Daniel stood as close to her from behind as he dared looking at the delicious food on the plates. Offering to make them both a drink he listened from behind as he followed Ellen’s directions to find drinking glasses and diluting juice. Placing the glasses on the counter while he looked around for the fridge Daniel couldn’t help but see a letter right by where he’d put the glasses as he picked it up to check what it was.

He knew he shouldn’t but somehow he couldn’t resist as he glanced down at the official letter and skimmed through it feeling angry, shocked and guilty all at the same time. Planning to put the paper right back on the counter where he’d found it and pretend he had never seen it he looked up to check Ellen was still dishing up the food and froze as she stared at him open mouthed.

Ashamed of himself instantly he quickly put the letter back on the counter and opened the fridge to get the juice. Pouring some into each glass he then silently moved towards the sink to fill both glasses with water not knowing what to say or what else to do. Maybe Ellen might just carry on as if nothing had happened? He wasn’t going to mention anything if she didn’t but now with the atmosphere thick and silent he wished he’d never even seen the letter let alone read it. Turning the tap off he turned to see Ellen holding the plates in her hands as she stepped out the kitchen and walked back into the main room.

Following behind her Ellen placed one meal on a coffee table before sitting on the couch with her plate on her lap.

“I don’t own a dining table. I’m afraid you’ll just have to eat it like this.”

Placing the drinks on the coffee table too Daniel picked up the other meal and sat down beside Ellen on the only seat available next to her on the two seater couch.

“That’s fine by me. It’s cosy this way anyway.”

Whispering ‘Bismillah’ to himself as he always did before any food or drink Daniel started eating quietly wondering if either of them should mention the letter. Surprises at how delicious the food was Daniel was heartily enjoying every mouthful when Ellen was the first to speak.

“I shouldn’t have left that letter out.”

Quickly swallowing the forkful of chicken and rice in his mouth Daniel answered as swiftly as he could.

“And I shouldn’t have read it. I’m so sorry. It’s none of my business really.”

Expecting Ellen to say something in reply Daniel looked over at her as he filled his fork with more dinner. She didn’t appear in any hurry to say any more as she piled another forkful of food into her own mouth and washed it down with some juice. It was more than a minute later before either of them spoke more.

“I’m not going to pay it.”

“What do you mean?”

“It’s way too much Daniel. I mean look at this place? It’s unfurnished, the windows are draughty, the kitchen is nearly as old as I am and…well it’s hardly the most desirable of areas is it? Besides I won’t have any wages to pay the current rent as it is let alone the increased amount. I’ve only just been here 6 months too.”

“Youd pay less for a mortgage. There’s scatter flats all around the city. I’ve been so caught up with the project I haven’t checked to see what’s available just now but I can check first thing tomorrow for you. I’ll need to pull a few strings with you being intentionally homeless but I’ll get you somewhere, even if you need to stay with me a few weeks first.”

“That’s sweet of you Daniel but I’m not your responsibility. Actually I’ve been thinking for a few days now. I’m going to apply to Dundee city council for that caretakers job in Tulloch Court. It’ll be perfect for me and for all the refugees. I know them better than anyone and they trust me. I really don’t feel my work is done with them yet. It’ll be a fresh start for me too. What is there to keep me here now anyway?”

Putting the rest of his meal down on the floor Daniel suddenly felt like he couldn’t eat another single bite. Drinking the rest of his juice in one long gulp to steady his nerves he placed his empty glass on the table as he turned his whole body to face Ellen.

“I think that would be a perfect solution for you. If I can help in any way, like giving you a reference or vouching for you in any way, consider it done. There’s just one thing though…if you get the job can I come and see you loads? I know we were only meant to be working together to help the refugees but that’s all changed now. I’m besotted with you Ellen Hemmingdale and I don’t know what I would do without you now.”

*295*2023-12-07 00:22

Ellen relaxes with Daniel around

Staring at Daniel in disbelief and shock Ellen felt speechless as she turned her attention back to the plates of food to buy herself time to think what to say. Had Daniel read it? Should she mention it? Smelling the food hunger seemed to rule over everything else as she heard Daniel making the drinks behind her. Picking up both plates she made her way back into the lounge where she always sat to eat. Placing the plates down on the only table she owned, a small coffee table she’d picked up from the charity shop she volunteered in every Saturday, she knew Daniel was behind her as she apologised for her lack of dining table, not even turning to look at him.

Sitting down on the second hand sofa Ellen picked up a plate and began eating right away. Feeling her whole body rising as Daniel sat down beside her, his arms and side touching her closely, she held her plate steady anxious not to waste any food. Her mind whizzing with thoughts with every mouthful she ate Ellen was happy to eat in silence as her body relished the sustenance after only having a few buffet snacks hours ago in Dundee. Periodically drinking between mouthfuls of dinner Ellen felt increasingly awkward as time dragged on. With neither of them having spoken a word since she saw Daniel reading the letter from her landlord Ellen was eager to break the ice and clear the air.

More able to think now her body had received the nourishment it needed she cleared her throat and apologised for having left the letter out. Immediately hearing Daniel apologise for having read it she felt a weight lift off her as she continued eating again, keen for her food not to get cold. With her plate almost empty now she felt ready to tell Daniel more. Holding her plate and fork in her hand and taking a long drink of juice to clear her throat Ellen announced what she’d been thinking about for some time now: She didn’t need to worry about the rent increase because she’d decided to apply for the caretaker’s job in Dundee.

Expecting Daniel to object, perhaps try to persuade her to change her mind, or even outline how it might be too much for her, Ellen looked at him amazed when he actually said he thought she would be perfect for the job. Not only that but he even offered to write her a reference! Gazing at him wide eyed she wasn’t nearly as emotionally prepared for what he said next.

How could they go from work colleagues to lovers so quickly? She couldn’t deny they had something going on; she definitely fancied him an awful lot and being with him was incredible and amazing, but the way Daniel was talking now was like they were engaged to be married instead of just dating for a mere 8 days. Perhaps some distance was exactly what they needed? Then again she couldn’t deny that just having a day trip to Dundee had caused her to miss Daniel more than she ever expected.

Feeling pressured to respond to Daniel’s outspoken moment of emotion Ellen distracted herself by finishing her drink then pulling herself up and picking up the dinner plates to carry into the kitchen. Talking while walking away Ellen answered the only way she felt able at that point.

“I’d love for you to visit. I really need to get the job first though, don’t I? I should have thought about what I was going to do so much sooner. Forward planning has never been my strong point though.”

Seeing the flowers in the sink Ellen left the plates on the counter as she turned to look back at Daniel in the lounge.

“Fancy a cuppa? I only have Lidl’s own coffee but it’s nicer than you’d expect.”

Smiling at Daniel, who looked so tall and lanky on the small double sofa with his legs stretched out in front of him, Ellen couldn’t help but feel content when Daniel smiled back and struggled to pull himself up.

“I’m surprised you even have coffee. I’ve only ever seen you drink tea before.”

Pulling the brand new jar of coffee granules out the cupboard Ellen realised that she’d bought them on her way home from work knowing that she rarely ever drank coffee herself.Holding the jar in her hand as Daniel walked into the room it occurred to her suddenly that she had in fact bought coffee hoping that one day Daniel might come round and have some. Now here he was walking up to her as she made him his favourite beverage twisting the jar open, breaking the seal and spooning just the right amount into a mug. Lifting a tea bag out the box she popped one into a second mug as Daniel leaned against the kitchen counter looking relaxed and happy.

“So…you drink coffee after all then?”

“Very very rarely. We take turn about taking tea bags and coffee and milk into the charity shop on Saturdays. One week it was this coffee and people were commentating about it. Margot had some and said it was nicer than she expected.”

“I’m looking forward to trying it then.”

Finishing making the drinks Ellen handed the coffee to Daniel as he sipped at it right away.

“So far so good anyway. So you never did tell me more about Keith today. Did he seriously ban reporters from coming into Tulloch Court after all that fuss about showing off the flats? Strange man.”

Feeling more relaxed Ellen leaned on the opposite kitchen counter facing Daniel as she told him all about what Keith was like earlier that day and how he took the credit for everything even when she knew full well that others had done it. Hearing Daniel laugh when she told him how he’d even tried clearing a path through the crowd in the ground floor lobby then locked himself into the caretaker’s flat to be interviewed Ellen couldn’t help but giggle herself.

“That’s not even the worst of it! I almost ended up locked in with him! During the journey Tetyana was really needing the loo and so was Teona. There wasn’t anywhere to stop and I was starting to worry that poor Tetyana might wee herself, especially with being so heavily pregnant. I didn’t know who had the keys to the flats but I guessed the caretaker’s flat might be open and I was right. I whisked Tetyana in there just in time. I literally just left to go look for Teona when Keith waltzed in all pretentious and arrogant and proceeded to lock the caretaker’s flat like he owned it.”

“Wow. Did you find Teona after that?”

Sipping at her tea while Daniel drank his coffee Ellen proceeded to tell Daniel all about how she upset the journalist who was interviewing Teona and how grateful the young girl was and how they escaped into the privacy of the lift having heard from one of the contractors that the flats were unlocked. Enjoying Daniel’s company immensely Ellen put her mug down as she mimicked Teona pee dancing in the lift laughing.

“The poor girl was franticly dancing around in the lift like this. I think she had been holding on for most of the journey as I could hear her fidgeting behind me on the bus.”

Aware that Daniel was avidly watching her now with his eyes wide and his face sparkling Ellen continued with her story.

“You should have been there to see her Daniel. We got out the lift on the fourth floor and went straight to her apartment. Of course Teona hadn’t seen any of it yet but I assumed she’d go to the loo first then look around.”

“She didn’t do that?”

“No! She was so excited to see a bedroom with a new bed, a desk and chair and even a chest of drawers that she danced all around the room excitedly saying that was the room she wanted. Then she remembered there was a second room so she twisted and squirmed around like this weighing up which room was the best. Walking right past the door to the bathroom she then investigated the living room looking out the window and fidgeting like crazy on the couch. She was clearly really bursting yet still she asked to see the kitchen. Amazed and delighted she opened cupboards and inspected the fridge and freezer and cooker so taken that she was actually going to be living there. I kept thinking to myself that if she didn’t go to the loo soon I’d need to look for a mop but despite bouncing around and holding herself she never mentioned she had to pee until I asked if she wanted to see the bathroom. Only then did she look all embarrassed when she admitted she was absolutely bursting to wee.”

“Wow. I bet she was very relieved to finally go!”

“I mean I wasn’t deliberately listening or anything but I was the only other person in the flat so I couldn’t really go anywhere. She definitely had to go, put it that way!”

“So what happened next?”

“We left to go find her flatmate and I looked around for all the other refugees to make sure they knew where there flats were and let them know they were unlocked. I managed to get a few snacks to eat in the community flats and met a guy called Jack Munro. He’s a church minister and apparently he organised all the food today, not that you’d know that according to Keith! I said goodbye to the refugees and then I headed back on the minibus.”

“So did you get a chance to use the toilet in the caretaker’s flat or Teona’s flat then before you came back?”

“No. I was so busy it was only on the way home that I realised I should have went before I left. That’s why I arrived back at the ship really bursting.”

Seeing Daniel’s eyes widen even more as he obviously remembered how they’d sneaked into one of the newly vacated cabins on her return she couldn’t help but notice he was now standing crossed legged and his mug of coffee was empty. Curious as to why he was now getting his phone out his pocket Ellen took the last gulp of her tea as she watched her boyfriend suspiciously.

“Well since we’re sharing things each other missed I have something to show you too. You promise me you won’t laugh or tell anyone else about this though won’t you?”

Widening her eyes even more curious than before Ellen felt the effects of her tea on her bladder as she walked closer to Daniel to see what he wanted to show her. Hoping it wouldn’t take long so she could excuse herself to visit the bathroom she noticed Daniel’s hand was shaking slightly and covered in sweat as he pressed his photos and scrolled to a video.

*297*2023-12-08 00:38

Daniel shows Ellen the video

Secretly hoping that Ellen might reply that she too was besotted with him Daniel nonetheless wasn’t overly surprised when she awkwardly stood up and took the dirty dishes into the kitchen instead. Still at least she was saying she’d love him to visit so that had to count for something.

Sitting alone in the open lounge Daniel looked around at the sparsely furnished room, his eye catching one particular picture on the wall of a river with a man sitting fishing. Distracted by Ellen asking if he fancied a tea or coffee he stood up to walk into the kitchen to join his girlfriend. Seeing her reach for a jar of coffee he had to comment. He’d worked beside Ellen for almost 12 months and never once had she ever had a coffee. Hearing Ellen talk easily and fondly about people in the charity shop where she volunteered every weekend he couldn’t help but wonder if Ellen could honestly leave them to move all the way to Dundee. Not wanting to mention that and risk upsetting her he took the mug of coffee from her and changed the subject back to familiar ground, asking about Keith and Ellen’s time that day in Dundee.

That seemed to change things quickly with Ellen talking enthusiastically and engagingly about Keith and Tetyana and Teona. Hearing her recount, and even act out, much to his sheer delight, a story about both Tetyana and Teona needing to pee Daniel simply couldn’t take his eyes off Ellen’s curvy large body as she squirmed and fidgeted around right in front of his eyes. Hearing Ellen giggle, transfixed by her bodily movements and listening to her sharing in detail all about Teona wanting to look all around her flat instead of using the bathroom first, Daniel couldn’t stop himself thinking naughty thoughts. 

Despite the story clearly being about someone else seeing Ellen reenacting it and hearing the words she was using to describe Teona’s movements and desperation Daniel felt his pulse racing and his hands sweating. Drinking his coffee to moisten his dry mouth he crossed his legs just thinking about Teona and how long she must have been bursting for before she finally went to the toilet. Strangely he felt such an empathy with her, even to the extend of feeling quite a need to now go himself.

Turned on by all Ellen was saying and doing Daniel raised his eyebrows as he cheekily asked about Ellen herself. Hadn’t she used the toilet either with Tetyana in the caretakers flat or after Teona in her flat? Sensing his whole body heating up and hearing his heart beating faster Daniel licked the last of his coffee off his lips as Ellen readily shared how she hadn’t had a chance to pee the entire time she was in Dundee and how she’d really had to go on the minibus coming home. Just the mere thought of Ellen constantly changing position on the bus and nursing a full bladder made his knees go weak as he remembered vividly how he’d taken her to room 106 and all that they did there. With a strong tingling sensation in his penis making him sense that he actually needed to pee himself right there in Ellen’s kitchen Daniel felt strongly that now was the right time to show Ellen something he’d been dying to share with her for over 24 hours.

Pulling his phone out of his pocket he had to type the passcode in manually as his fingers were sweating so much that the Touch ID didn’t recognise his fingerprint. Pressing nervously onto photos he clicked under videos as Ellen walked towards him curiously. Waiting until she was right by his side he held the phone out in the palm of his hand so they could both watch as he pressed play.

It was only a couple of minutes but watching it back Daniel couldn’t help but feel the very same high he had the moment he’d felt that wetness soaking his suit trousers and running down his leg. Hearing his feet splashing in the puddle he’d made and seeing himself lift a leg to show urine drip off it Daniel was suddenly desperate to know what Ellen thought of it. Waiting for her to respond he swiped up to return to his Home Screen with his hands shaking and his penis now very alert.

“Oh my. When did you take that?”

Sliding the phone back into his pocket Daniel wiped his sweaty hands on his trousers. Looking down at his feet shyly he shrugged awkwardly.

“Yesterday after work.”

Crossing his feet at the ankles to hide both his erection and his increasing need to pee Daniel heard Ellen shift around herself as he feared she might have found the video somehow distasteful or disturbing.

“Was it deliberate?”

“Oh my goodness absolutely not! I was holding it for so long. You remember when you left the Adventurer II to go collect the girls from school yesterday? Well I was needing to go right from around then. By the time you returned with them both I had to go rather a lot but there was so much work to do. You know I hate using the toilets on the ship so I just held it in planning to go at home. I kept thinking you’d come back to join me but you were needed with the girls and then I had that call from Jarrod at the Heath and social care partnership and I needed you to help me as I had just heard how little Keith had actually been doing.

It took me a while to find where you were and then of course you were in the Kravchencho’s cabin and I found you on the couch struggling. Well we both know what happened after that. Seeing you on that couch made me so horny that I forgot all about my bladder. Even when I was sitting on the toilet in the cabin my body still hadn’t really calmed enough from ejaculating to register how full my bladder really was. Of course as soon as I went back to my laptop though it came on really really bad. Achingly bad in fact. I knew I couldn’t wait any longer and I had to get home. I know I was really sharp with you when you came to get your laptop to pop back home for your things. I’m sorry about that. I could barely function by that point I was so bursting.

The drive home was agony. There was no way I was wetting in my car so I was gripping and pinching myself frantically. I made it to my house but as you saw I never quite made it to my toilet on time.”

“Wow. I had no idea. What made you video it?”

“I don't know to tell you the truth. When I felt that first dribble leaking into my underwear it just sort of felt so warm and…nice. I knew then that it would be too late but I also knew the relief would be exquisite and ecstatic and I suppose I kind of hoped to experience that again somehow by watching it back. It all happened so quickly and i knew afterwards I would probably want to just delete it.”

“Why didn’t you?”

“Geez this is awkward. You’ll probably think this well weird but when I watched it back it sort of turned me on.”

“Why would I find that weird? It’s a very very hot video. It’s even better hearing how it came about for me mind you.”

With his arm now around Ellen and her hand fondling his crotch seductively Daniel was captivated and delighted by Ellen’s response.

“You are a very sexy man Daniel Omari. Especially when you have a very full bladder. Maybe I ought to make you another Lidl special mug of coffee so I can see you squirm and fidget right here in my kitchen.”

“Mmmm. There’s really no need for that baby. I could really use a visit to your loo already. I haven’t been at all since the shower incident in room 106. That was hours and hours ago too.”

“Oh really? It appears we are once again equal then since I haven’t had a wee since then either. How about we get comfy on the couch again and I can maybe have another watch of that little video of yours? What do you think?”

Leaning down to kiss Ellen passionately on the lips Daniel cupped her head in his hands as they finally parted as he smiled and nodded eagerly. As long as Ellen resumed fondling his crotch he was sure he could hold his pee first a bit yet, especially now knowing that Ellen was desperate too.

*298*2023-12-10 00:44

Moving to Ellen’s couch

Watching Daniel’s phone screen in awe and amazement Ellen felt herself getting increasingly aroused. She had to know the back story behind how someone as professional and proud as Daniel found himself unable to control his bladder anymore. Assuming Daniel would be happy to share with her more she had to know everything. When had this happened and how? And what made him think to video it?

Listening avidly, whilst moving from foot to foot and anxiously squirming standing right beside her boyfriend, Ellen couldn’t believe what she was hearing. To think that Daniel had needed the toilet before she’d even left to do the school pick up and still hadn’t been when she got back. Remembering all the events he was sharing clearly Ellen nodded as Daniel spoke. She hadn’t recalled noticing anything different when she’d first came back to the ship with the girls, but then she’d very much been preoccupied with getting the girls something to eat and drink and hearing about their day at school. Listening as Daniel recalled how he’d been very desperate by the time he’d had a phone call and went searching for her Ellen understood all too well how he must have felt as at that exact same time she too was extremely desperate and struggling to wait on one of the girls coming out the bathroom in the cabin.

While Daniel never really mentioned all that happened in Mykhaila’s cabin Ellen smiled and blushed recalling every detail in her mind. How she’d loved being pulled onto Daniel’s knee on the toilet and feeling his thick erection under her. She’d been so relieved to finally get relief herself, both sexually and physically, that until Daniel mentioned it she hadn’t even realised that he hadn’t had a wee after her. Knowing how much stronger the urge to go was for herself after sex she could easily imagine how bursting Daniel must have been by the time she’d next saw him at his work desk. No wonder he’d seemed rude and curt with her! Imagining him squeezing himself and wriggling in a car seat just as she’d seem him do driving home from Dundee just over a week ago Ellen felt her nipples tingling and her juices flowing.

Now all she was left curious about was why Daniel had videoed his accident. There was no denying it was the hottest video she’d ever seen, which in her eyes could only be surpassed by having seen the extreme desperation that preceded it, but he’d mentioned he’d planned to delete it so why hadn’t he? Moving around more hoping Daniel didn’t notice she couldn’t believe her ears when her timid reserved boyfriend actually admitted that watching back the video turned him on! Did that mean he might be turned on right now having just watched it with her? There was only one way to find out!

Incredibly horny now, both as a result of the video and the subsequent conversation combined with needing to wee now pretty badly Ellen edged closer to Daniel as she reached towards his crotch and fondled him, delighted to feel that her suspicions were definitely correct. Eager to witness Daniel desperate again, even to same point that lead to the accident she’d just watched on his phone, Ellen cheekily offered him a second coffee.

When Daniel declined Ellen started to feel a huge disappointment but when he quickly said why she beamed with enthusiasm and delight as she explored his nether region still with her hand. Now aware that Daniel hadn’t been to the loo in hours and neither had she her mind raced with ideas. Fired up, and very aware of the pressure in her body, she suggested they move to the couch when Daniel interrupted her by leaning down and suddenly kissing her spontaneously and sexily. Letting her tongue explore every orifice of Daniel’s mouth Ellen squirmed around feeling Daniel’s body twisting and fidgeting too. As soon as Daniel came up for air she pulled him by the hand back into the lounge, only letting go when they were both sitting snugly on her small two seater sofa.

Struggling to get comfortable, but loving feeling Daniel’s body so close to her, Ellen turned to face Daniel smiling.

“Could I watch that video again?”

Pulling his phone out of his pocket Daniel used his other hand to pull Ellen’s hand onto his crotch again before holding the phone right between them and playing the video.

Watching and enjoying the short video greatly Ellen moved her hand around Daniel’s crotch as he moved around awkwardly beside her. Taking the phone off him she placed it on the coffee table and turned to kiss Daniel again. Ignoring the increasingly pressure in her bladder Ellen pulled back from the kiss letting her fingers run down Daniel’s cheek.

“You know there’s nothing to be embarrassed about in having an accident. It’s not like you just gave in or anything. You held it in for ages and sometimes we just can’t take it any more. Remember when we were in Dundee and I was too embarrassed to admit to you that I was absolutely bursting and by the time we reached the toilets in the shopping centre I couldn’t hold it any longer? That was awkward because I was so far from home and we had an important meeting to attend and I was absolutely drenched. Thank goodness for that charity shop!”

“Oh I remember that well indeed. You weren’t the only one embarrassed at that point. I wasn’t in the slightest embarrassed by your wetting though. Quite the opposite! I was so stiff and hard that you could tell a mile away I was erect in public. I had to stand behind rails of clothing in that charity shop to try and calm down. Just thinking back to that still makes me super excited.”

Moving her hand back down to Daniel’s upper leg Ellen stroked the outline of Daniel’s erection through his trousers.

“Mmm. I can tell. So what if I told you I was getting more and more desperate again sitting here with you right now? Would that excite you too?”

“Oh it already is! I’m seriously thinking of ripping your clothes off right this second actually. As long as you understand that I’m dying for a piss myself too? I mean I’d love to go find where your toilet is, extremely badly come to mention it, but I’m so horny I’m not even sure I could leave you to tell you the truth. Do you mind if I pull off that gorgeous top of yours to see those amazing breasts of yours? God you have the most scrumptious tits Ellen. I can’t get enough of them!”

“No objections here. Though it’s only fair if you get a little more comfortable too, wouldn’t you agree?”

“Everything off?”

“Keep your underwear on..for now.”

“Race you to see who can strip first!”

“You’re on!”

*299*2023-12-12 00:58

Fun in Ellen’s lounge

Letting Ellen pull him into the main room and onto the small couch Daniel squeezed his muscles not wanting to go anywhere right that minute despite the pressure from his bladder. When Ellen asked to see the video a second time he pulled the phone out his pocket with one hand whilst grabbing Ellen’s hand with the other and pushing it down on his throbbing erection. Loving how Ellen was feeling him whilst the short video replayed Daniel momentarily closed his eyes wanting to treasure every sensation of what his girlfriend was doing to him.

Opening his eyes again to see Ellen take his phone and place it out of reach on the coffee table Daniel smiled. If anyone else wanted him right now, even his own mum, he didn’t want to know. Right then and there all he really wanted was Ellen, oh and a visit to her bathroom. As if Ellen read his mind she instantly turned to face him as her mouth came closer to his and they kissed deeply and passionately yet again. Immensely horny, but still badly needing to pee, Daniel let Ellen pull slowly away as she started chatting freely about the one subject he’d grown up to see as utterly taboo. 

Fascinated and captivated by the way Ellen was so easily talking about the time she’d wet herself on the day they went to Dundee Daniel felt his pulse racing and his heart thumping. Easily visualising the way she sat in the food court that day with her legs wide and her body rocking, even down to the fear and tension on her face as the inevitable happened right in front of him, Daniel felt his body needy in exactly the same way it was that day.

Grateful to at least be in private this time round Daniel quietly shared the effect Ellen had had on him that day as he’d stood right beside her hearing and seeing every detail of her accident. Thrilled and very very aroused by Ellen responding by tracing the outline of his very hand and erect penis through his trousers Daniel felt his breathing become more rapid and his need become more urgent as he finally lost all inhibitions as his eyes lit up and his mouth spilled out his most inner thoughts. Fuck he wanted Ellen so badly he could barely contain himself, especially since she was now squirming in that all too familiar way that drove him wild and she was admitting that she was really busting to wee. Her words, her actions, and her response to his filmed wetting were almost more than he could bare as he gasped and begged her to strip off so he could gawp at her copious beautiful curvy full figure and suck at her wonderful breasts again.

Daniel gazed in adoration as Ellen stood up, pulled him up with her right hand, then pulled her top over her head hurriedly, but enticingly, as he undid the clip on his trousers and jerked them onto the floor. Urgently pulling his own jumper over his head so as not to miss any further developments with Ellen Daniel was past caring where it fell as he stared at Ellen longingly as she pulled off her leggings and twirled them around her hand like a lasso before throwing them across the room. Stepping towards her he noticed she couldn’t stand still for more than a few seconds as she smiled at him cheekily in just her bra and pants. Taking her arm and twirling her around like some sort of dance routine he twisted his legs against another strong spasm from his bladder as he bend down to unfasten Ellen’s bra, sliding it down her arms slowly before turning her around again and fondling both large breasts simultaneously.

“Your nipples are so soft and swollen aren’t they? Oh boy do I love your body so much.”

Letting his hands freely explore and fondle Ellen’s nakedness Daniel ran his hands down from her breasts to her bladder as he described every part.

“Your breasts make me want to lick you, your sides make me want to cuddle you, your hips make me want to pull you against me, but your full bladder right here…well this part makes me want to fuck you so so badly. I dream about you being bursting, I fanaticise about you squirming desperately to pee, I am truly besotted by the very mention of you needing the toilet.”

“Oh please don’t press me there. I’m so full I won’t be able to cope. I’ll wee everywhere.”

“Maybe that’s what I want to happen?”

“Well in that case this is fair game too!”

Shaking and struggling to steady his body as Ellen suddenly began tickling him Daniel was forced to grab himself and squeeze hard to prevent an embarrassing leak.

“That’s cheating! Do you want me to piss my boxers!”

Seeing Ellen wink provocatively back Daniel knew the answer before she even uttered a word.

“Maybe I do. You know you are so adorable holding yourself like a little child like that. Can’t you even stand up straight anymore?”

“No! No I can’t! I’m so dying to use your toilet. Please can I go now?”

Ellen’s laugh was hypnotising and alluring, reminding Daniel of the many times in the past year that her heartfelt hearty laugh had made him turn his head, drawn him to Ellen so much, and in recent weeks made him fall in love with her, he couldn’t stop smiling at her as she stood in touching distance in front of him. Eyeing her up seductively from her bare feet up past her broad shaved legs to her large hips Daniel was breathless seeing her squirm around as his eyes moved to her face that reflected the very desperate state she too was in.

“Not yet. Well that’s if I can wait any longer, which is seriously debatable right now. Come over here a minute Daniel. I think you’d like to feel this.”

Still bent over gripping himself for dear life Daniel hobbled a step closer to Ellen who now had a hand between her legs. Grabbing his hand he had to get even closer to Ellen as she slid his hand into her pants right down to her hairy warm vagina. Immediately feeling the warm juicy wetness on his hand Daniel felt a pulsing, a throbbing, that made his entire body yearn in need.

Hearing Ellen’s raspy gasping voice as he moved his fingers around, to the obvious thrill of his girlfriend, Daniel pushed his hips against Ellen’s naked body as his penis throbbed and precum surged down his length. Feeling the warm liquid ooze into his boxers he feared he might explode in more ways than one as Ellen moaned as she spoke.

“That’s what my body does when I am extremely desperate to wee. It makes me so crazily horny that I often have to pleasure myself before I allow myself to pee. It’s the most beautiful, intense, thrilling feeling ever swinging between thinking I’m going to wet myself and knowing I’m going to orgasm any second. Daniel…would you do that to me right now…take me to that place. I’m ready.”

Shaking with his own need and the headiness of feeling Ellen so aroused and bursting Daniel nodded as he pulsated his body against Ellen’s.

“What if…I piss on you…or cum all over you? I’m not sure how long I can hold off either if truth be told.”

Feeling Ellen sucking his neck, which was right by her mouth as his arm stretched into her pants as he explored Ellen’s soaking wet vagina as he rocked against Ellen’s hips, Daniel assumed Ellen didn’t mind either happening as he slid two fingers inside Ellen easily as her body squeezed them and pushed against them. Using his free hand to pull his sticky underwear off Daniel ran his hand along his long hard penis as he couldn’t resist rubbing himself just a little. Feeling Ellen smacking his bum he jerked as her mouth came away from his neck as Ellen’s words made him dizzy with excitement.

“Oh don’t stop! My wee’s about to burst out but I think I’m about to orgasm. Faster Daniel. I can’t hold back any longer!”

Doing exactly as Ellen instructed Daniel was so hyper focused on pleasuring Ellen that he let go of his own anatomy as a warm powerful spurt of urine shot out his hard erection splashing on the carpet and running down Ellen’s leg.

“Shit! Shit! Sorry honey I’m so so desperate to piss baby.”

“Uh…ah…oh…I…need…to…go…”

Feeling his hand suddenly warmer, wetter, Ellen’s throbbing urethra spurting through his fingers, urine running along the palm of his hand and down his wrist all the way to his elbow, Daniel thrust his hips faster, stronger, fighting against the insatiable pressure in his bladder, thrilled by the feeling of liquid dribbling still from between Ellen’s legs as she shook in simultaneous orgasm while she peed slowly but steadily, as warm thick semen surged down his dick dripping onto his boxers at his feet and sticking all over his sensitive penis head.

Aware that Ellen was now no longer dribbling pee but fully entranced in a beautiful orgasm he slide his fingers in and out her swollen warm pussy until he sensed she was fully satisfied. Slowing removing his fingers he stepped back bending down to pick up his boxers and use them to dab on his penis to attempt to clean himself. Feeling his erection dying his bladder ached as he looked up at Ellen who was sweating but smiling.

“Em…please may I use your loo now?”

*300*2023-12-14 00:24

Finally getting to pee at Ellen’s

Standing up from the small couch Ellen pulled Daniel up before quickly taking her clothes off, starting with her long top then moving onto her leggings. Seeing Daniel undressing too she was high spirited and excited as she lassoed her leggings high above her head before throwing them onto the ground laughing. Her legs constantly moving and her need to pee intense she watched as Daniel approached her wearing only his underwear as he twirled her around like a ballet dancer clearly with an ulterior motive since he then undid her bra and fondled her breasts eagerly. Loving the feel of his warm large hands on her exposed body Ellen’s skin tingled with excitement even as her bladder still demanded release.

Letting Daniel explore her large body Ellen felt her temperature warming as he talked seductively about her body whispering erotically into her ear. It was sweet and romantic, that was until he pressed on her swollen bladder almost making her wet herself! Begging him not to put any more pressure on her already strained bladder she felt herself shiver as Daniel looked right into her eyes and cheekily told her that might actually have been his plan all along. Deciding she needed to get her own back Ellen reached to Daniel’s sides while his hands were still on her breast again and began tickling him, loving how he squirmed and danced and winced around grabbing at his dick like a toddler.

Seeing him now bend over grimacing holding himself and begging to use her toilet Ellen knew he was exactly where she wanted him to be. Finding his movements and actions both irresistible but equally amusing she couldn’t help but laugh despite the fact the very act of laughing was causing herself a heap load of trouble too. Holding herself and dancing around the throbbing between her legs only intensified as Ellen felt so horny with the increased pressure on her sensitive areas combined with the erotic thoughts she was now having about Daniel seeing him gripping his penis and twisting his body helplessly.

Stepping ever closer to her boyfriend Ellen took his hand, sliding it easily down inside her pants, gasping at the sensation as it brushed past her swollen clitoris and onto her wet warm swollen vagina lips. Feeling just how close she was to climax already from their enticing foreplay and fun Ellen practically begged her boyfriend to finger her to orgasm even as she knew her bladder might burst any second. Sucking at Daniel’s neck as he bent down exploring and fingering her most sensitive areas Ellen felt Daniel insert two fingers even as she sensed his rock hard penis through his underwear rubbing rhythmically against her thigh. Sucking in his fingers as her lips sucked his neck tenderly Ellen rocked her hips against Daniel’s hand aware that at any point she was either going to orgasm or wet everywhere, or perhaps even both!

Caught up in the moment Ellen barely noticed Daniel stepping from one foot to another as he slid off his damp underwear, though she definitely noticed the incredible feeling of his penis rubbing her thigh without any materiel between them. Smiling as her body throbbed harder and faster against her boyfriend’s fingers she was aware that he seemed somewhat distracted, though she had no idea why. Pulling her lips away from his neck she regained his attention just as she would punish a naughty child, by smacking his naked bottom playfully. Heading closer and closer to climax a warm wet sensation on her hip sent her hormones into overdrive as she heard Daniel gasp. Feeling liquid now running down her leg and hearing Daniel vocalising and moaning at how desperate his need to pee was only heightened Ellen’s urgency sexually even as her own muscles slowly gave way against the pressure.

Dribbling urine between every sexual contraction Ellen moaned in pleasure as Daniel shook and rubbed and thrust his fingers harder and faster until pleasure erupted so fully and wonderfully that her urethra closed again despite the insane pressure still pounding against it. Sensing that Daniel had also now been sexually fulfilled Ellen felt him slide his fingers out and stand back up again, immediately grabbing his dick and practically strangling it to prevent himself peeing any further.

The tension in his face and the mannerisms of how he was twisting and jerking his body told Ellen everything she needed to know. This was no longer pleasurable, either for Daniel or her, as she beckoned him with her hand and lead the way hastily up her own staircase to the basic bathroom in her maisonette. Pushing the door open she stepped back to allow Daniel in as she remained outside by the ajar door hearing a loud splash and long strong stream topped off by a loud sigh from the man she was growing fonder and fonder of by the day. Wrapping her arm around her still very swollen bladder Ellen rubbed her own stomach as she looked forward to finally getting her own release shortly.

Eventually hearing the toilet flushing and taps running Ellen peeked into the room and poked her head in.

“Is it ok if I come in now?”

“Oh. Of course. Sorry I thought I was pissing for the whole population of Glasgow there! It felt like it was never going to stop!”

Smiling at her naked boyfriend as he dried his hands on her towel Ellen felt her bladder spasm again as she walked quickly towards the toilet, turned, then sat down even before Daniel had a moment to finish what he was saying. Taking a deep breath she breathed out slowly allowing her body to relax as a trickle, then a spurt, then a strong fountain of urine poured from between her legs into the toilet pan splashing loudly and embarrassingly. Looking up at Daniel blushing she smiled awkwardly as he smiled back reassuringly.

“Sounds like you were really needing that?”

“Just a little. God I feel much better now.”

“At least neither of us wet ourselves tonight. Though that was a close one for me again.”

“And me.”

Flushing the chain and turning to the sink to wash her hands Ellen leaned over to kiss Daniel on the cheek fondly.

“Any chance you could forward that video to me? I promise to keep it private.”

“Maybe. If I can video you sometimes when you’re desperate?”

“I suppose that’s fair. Fancy another Lidl coffee? I’m gasping for a cuppa after that.”

“That would be lovely. Then if it’s ok with you I’ll head home. It’s been a long day and we both have work tomorrow. At least I get to see you all day on the cruise ship again. God I missed you so much today.”

Walking downstairs and through the living room to the small compact kitchen Ellen turned to smile at Daniel as he pulled up his boxers and looked for his trousers.

“I missed you too. I kept thinking of you when the minibus passed certain places. You’ve got the wrong leg in those trousers by the way!”

“Thanks! Are you not putting your clothes back on?”

“I’ll take all those to the laundrette when I next get the chance to go. Once I’ve filled the kettle I’ll put my nightclothes on instead.”

“Do you not have a washing machine?”

“It broke weeks ago but the landlord hasn’t sent anyone to fix it so I just pop to the launderette when I can. It probably works out cheaper anyway as the machines are much bigger.”

“Bag your stuff up and I’ll wash it for you tonight. I can bring it with me to work tomorrow for you all dried and ironed. Don’t waste your money on the launderette Ellen.”

“I can’t ask you to do that.”

“You didn’t ask. I offered. Now go while I make the tea and coffee. Just stick it in a bin bag even. It’s no bother to me at all, I promise.”

Doing exactly as he suggested Ellen pulled a bin bag from under the sink counter as Daniel helped her heap in her clothes from the living room floor as she then left him to go upstairs for the rest of her laundry and to put on some nightclothes to make herself decent again.

*301*2023-12-16 00:47

Sharing more tea and coffee

Utterly terrified that Ellen might say no for the second time Daniel beseeched her with his eyes as his dick twitched and his testicles ached. Every millisecond counted now as he feared his might burst like a fire hose all over Ellen’s lounge carpet. Seeing that slight nod of her head Daniel limped behind her up the open staircase at the rear of the room painstakingly gripping and twisting his exhausted dick trying desperately to prevent it gushing with urine.

Seeing Ellen holding a door open he pushed past her towards a standard basic white toilet just to the left of the wall as he stood broad legged in front of it shaking with need. Releasing his grip slowly on his penis he aimed it downwards as a large spurt immediately shot out followed quickly by a huge strong release that felt like getting that first lung full of air when you’d been holding your breath under water for ages. The relief, the delight, the satisfaction of actually making it, was so intense he couldn’t help but sigh loudly as the pleasurable sensation enveloped him. Still releasing warm liquid like he was emptying a full tanker load of liquid rather than simply his own bladder Daniel smiled as he tipped his head back in gratitude at finally getting to piss. Finally shaking the last few drips out and flushing the toilet Daniel’s bubble of bliss was popped by a beautiful voice just outside the door.

Turning to see Ellen peeking her head in Daniel’s face lit up just thinking of her when her words thrilled him even more as he turned the tap on and lathered his hands in cheap soap. As she asked so innocently and politely if she could come in now he felt a little embarrassed by how long he’d kept her waiting, joking that he felt like he’d peed for the entire city.

Reaching for the towel to dry his hands Daniel sensed Ellen wasn’t for waiting a second longer as he turned to see her already sitting on the toilet beside him, a long hard stream of urine splashing into the pan under her. Listening as it went on and on and on Daniel began wondering just how much his girlfriend could possibly hold as he gazed at her commenting how she’d clearly had to go bad. Shaking his head in disbelief that she was still peeing, albeit now much slower and more dribbling that anything else, he couldn’t help but mention how glad he was that he’d made it, unlike the day before when he hadn’t. Amazed to once again hear Ellen freely comment that she too had been very close to not making it Daniel stared at her openly as she casually flushed the toilet and stepped nearer him to wash her hands.

Frozen in awe he stood where he was watching as Ellen washed and dried her hands then quite nonchalantly kissed him on the cheek. It was natural, lovely, sweet, and shifted any niggling doubts he was still having that Ellen wasn’t quite as fond of him as he was her. He should have known by now that she was wanting something, though still hearing her ask for him to forward the video onto her made him smile. Thinking quickly, he wasn’t going to miss an opportunity to gain something he’d wanted for so so long, Daniel cheekily asked for something in return: the chance to video Ellen when she was desperate to pee!

Incredibly for Daniel she didn’t appear put out or offended, winking back saying something about that being only fair before asking if he’d like another coffee. Come to think of it he was feeling rather thirsty again and while he much preferred his more upmarket coffees from home he wasn’t going to refuse an opportunity of a little more time with Ellen before he headed home. He didn’t want to leave Ellen but there was no way he could sleep with the shouting still going on next door and the worry of his car being parked in the street.

Following behind Ellen back downstairs he searched around for his underwear, pulling it back on despite it really needing washed. Scanning the room for his trousers he slipped one leg in and was using his foot to attempt to put the other leg in the right way when he looked up to see Ellen walking into the kitchen area still naked. Having to step back out his trousers to sort them out before pulling them on again he quizzed Ellen on why she wasn’t getting dressed herself. Pulling on his jumper Daniel was shocked at her answer as he popped his head out the head hole and turned to look at Ellen in disbelief. It was obvious that she was really struggling financially but to not even have a working washing machine seemed crazy! Feeling suddenly awkward at how privileged his own life was and how much he took for granted his heart ached at the fact his own girlfriend couldn’t even wash her own clothing in the privacy of her own home.

Offering to help her out he was so glad when she actually agreed as he heard the kettle boiling as Ellen walked past him with her clothing from the floor now in a cheap bin bag she headed upstairs for more washing. Leaving her to it he walked into the kitchen area to take over from Ellen to make the tea and coffee. Opening Ellen’s fridge for milk Daniel felt his eyes sore with tears, struck by just how little food Ellen appeared to have. Turning to check Ellen was still upstairs he quickly checked the cupboards finding very little there too. How long had she been living like this? It all made sense now why she chose to spend so long on the ship helping everyone and why she worked so late. What would she do when the cruise ship moved on in ten days and she no longer had access to the canteen there?

With the mugs of hot tea and coffee ready Daniel looked over at the landlord letter still sitting on the worktop where he left it as he wished he could scoop up Ellen and make everything better for her. Smiling at her through his stinging eyes as she walked back across the lounge towards him carrying a big bin bag in her hands Daniel reached out to take the bag signalling with his eyes to indicate the hot drinks.

“Thank you. I’ll get this lot washed as soon as I get back to mine. Are you sure this is everything? Your towels? What about bedding?”

“I’ve only got the one set of bedding just now. I usually take it off just before I go to the laundrette then put it back on that night. The gas and electric meters cost so much I have to budget.”

“Ok. Right. Well I made the tea and coffee. Hope you don’t mind?”

Handing Ellen her tea Daniel then lifted his own mug and took a sip.

“Thank you. And sorry about all the shouting tonight. It’s not usually quite as bad as this.”

Lying to try and make Ellen feel a bit better Daniel smiled and replied as cheerfully as he could.

“Oh that? I’d sort of switched off to it. Don’t worry about that. Though I hope they don’t have any kids or anything?”

“Unfortunately they do. Amazes me that people like that get to keep their kids but mums like Diana get theirs taken away.”

Shocked that the apartment with so much shouting going on belonged to a family with children Daniel sipped at his coffee and looked at Ellen in shock.

“You serious? There’s kids living in that noise?”

“Yip. 2 little ones. See them struggling down the stairs with the buggy all the time. The oldest gets put out to play in all weathers too. He’s not even at school yet. Reckon he’s similar age to Oleksandr’s wee one. He’s often sat playing on the stairs alone at the weekends, heartbreaking.”

“Haven’t you ever thought to call social services?”

“I’ve not long moved here. They’d know right away it was me and then I’d probably have my windows and door smashed in and my car would be set on fire or something. They’re not always this loud. It’s the end of the month so they’ll have spent their benefit money on booze or something. It’ll settle down soon.”

Nodding as he listened to Ellen Daniel felt like his life and Ellen’s were so vastly different that had they not both been working on the Adventurer II together they’d probably never ever have met.

“You must be so worried about those kids though.”

“Very much so. When I move away from here. Well, actually, if I move away from here, because I haven’t got a job soon and I can’t afford anywhere else. But when that time comes then I will call social services anonymously. I hate thinking of any child ever going into care but it surely can’t be any worse than what those wee ones are living with right now. 

If I ever win the lottery I think I’d buy a huge house somewhere and get a cook and cleaners and a heap of amazing staff and have all the kids like Mykhaila and the wee mites next door and look after them all like I wished I had been when I was growing up. Somewhere they’d never have to leave because mum finally got pregnant with her own kid, or you were too much hard work for them, or you were too cheeky and opinionated, or another cuter younger child was a better ‘fit’, or you just got to the age when they no longer got money for you. Where they’d never have to deal with drunk parents, or witness abuse or be neglected. I’d love to do something like that you know.”

“And you’d be the perfect person to run somewhere like that Ellen. You absolutely would. I love that you care so much about everyone. You’d make the most amazing mum so you would.”

“Maybe. Though I’d never bring a child into the world until I knew I could support them. Right now I can barely pay my rent and two days ago I was sitting here freezing because I couldn’t put money on my gas meter. That’s no life for a child is it?”

“But you got through it Ellen. Things can change. Apply for that caretakers job in Dundee. The flat there is so much nicer than here and you wouldn’t be so vulnerable there what with all the refugees living in the same tower block. I’ve never heard any of the refugees shouting like this either. Look at how far you’ve come already. Look at everything you’ve achieved in the last year? I can’t believe that while you spent your life devoted to finding houses for others you yourself had nowhere to live. That takes resilience, bravery, courage. You are such an inspiration. Now promise me if that shouting and that damn dog doesn’t quieten down that you’ll call me and come sleep at mine tonight, ok? I’ll still be up so don’t worry. Besides I’ve got this lot to be washing to keep me busy. You’re not alone anymore Ellen.”

Placing the empty mug on the counter by the dirty dinner plates, as the flowers still filled the sink, Daniel turned back to Ellen and held his hands out.

“Come on. Let me get a hug from my gorgeous girlfriend before I go.”

Leaning down to kiss Ellen’s hair Daniel wished he never had to let Ellen go, though he understood she needed to be independent too.

“Look out for an email from me shortly. I think it’ll help take your mind off of things for a bit. See you tomorrow honey. Sleep well and promise me you’ll call if things don’t settle.”

“I promise.”

*302*2023-12-19 00:45

Ellen returns to the cruise ship

Taking the growing pile of dirty washing from her room and shoving it into the bin bag Ellen sheepishly returned downstairs embarrassed and ashamed that she’d even mentioned her broken washing machine. Hearing the shouting from next door louder than ever she felt she had to apologise to Daniel who was standing in the kitchen area smiling with hot mugs beside him.

Giving him the bag of laundry she swapped it for a mug of hot tea as they chatted easily once again about the shouting from next door, the fact her neighbours had kids, and her life ambition to one day run a home for kids in care where they would get the love, stability and attention they needed. Talking to Daniel was so easy as Ellen stood relaxed opposite him drinking her tea and enjoying his company. She felt safer, stronger, when Daniel was around, but the thought of asking him to stay or inviting herself to his was more than Ellen could bring herself to do quite yet. 

Already she felt she was getting too emotionally connected to him with every minute they spent together. Fearing what always happened whenever she’d previously became very attached to someone Ellen felt warning alarms going off in her mind. It wasn’t that she didn’t want to love Daniel and commit to him but the fear that one day he too might leave her like every single foster carer did and even her own parents did terrified her.

Yet now as Daniel stood open armed asking for a hug before he left Ellen couldn’t resist. Walking towards him she threw her arms around him loving the feeling of being wrapped by his taller stronger body and resting her head on his chest. She was a strong woman though, even Daniel had just reminded her of that, and she was capable of being alone all night as she normally did. Sure the shouting was louder than usual but she’d learnt to switch off to it before and she could do so again. Thanking Daniel was the flowers and the offer to do her washing Ellen unlocked the front door clutching the key tightly in her hand.

Seeing Daniel out she immediately locked the door again, turned the kitchen and living room lights off and headed upstairs. Giving her face a splash and brushing her teeth Ellen climbed into bed exhausted from a long day and keen to get some rest. Waking briefly in the night desperate for the loo Ellen stumbled towards her toilet half asleep before returning to bed and sleeping through until 7am. Getting out of bed she stepped into the bath and turned the shower on struggling to wash her larger body and thick hair in the low pressure rubbish shower.

Doing the best she could she rummaged around her room looking for something to wear to work having to settle on the dark brown dress and cream cardigan she’d picked up from the charity shop in Dundee. Slipping on a thin pair of neutral tights she hoped she wouldn’t ladder them as she went downstairs for breakfast. Seeing the large bouquet of flowers still sitting in the sink she looked everywhere for something to put them in having to settle for a mop bucket but smiling at how pretty they looked arranged out of the plastic wrapping even in such an unconventional receptacle.

Now able to wash the plates and mugs from the night before she washed up, made herself a tea and then gathered her things together to head to work. Arriving at the port before 8am she signed in and headed straight to the canteen for some breakfast waving to Oleksandr and his wife Varya with their young son. Not wanting to intrude on their meal Ellen fetched her own tray of food and drink and sat at a nearby table close enough that they could talk to her but far enough away that they could ignore her if they wished too. Feeling self conscious in a dress and tights rather than her usual leggings and top Ellen ate her breakfast and drank her tea listening to Oleksandr and his Russian wife conversing freely in Ukrainian. Privy to confidential information on all the refugees as part of her work she was well aware of why Oleksandr was exempt from compulsory conscription back in Ukraine, though thankfully no one had ever needed to know.

About to take her empty mug and tray over to where kitchen staff would access it Ellen heard a text on her phone as she pulled it out her bag and smiled at a short but lovely text from Taras saying they all slept very well and were enjoying making their own breakfast. Replying back that she was missing them all and looked forward to seeing them soon when the others moved in she slid her phone back into her bag and took her tray to where it went. Wandering towards her work area Ellen couldn’t help but pause to look in the direction of where Diana and Mykhaila’s cabin was. Despite the noise and busyness of the public area of the cruise ship, and the growing numbers of people now gathering for breakfast or to leave for work or education, Ellen still felt a hole where Mykhaila should be as she thought about Diana in hospital and wondered how she was.

Distracting herself by setting up her laptop she was just checking her emails when her mobile buzzed again. This time it was Daniel saying he’d be in a little later than planned. Sitting down to type a reply to him Ellen had her fingers on the screen just as the phone rang with an incoming call. Surprised to hear it was Jack, the older man she’d met just before leaving Dundee who had helped organise the welcoming buffet, Ellen’s demeanour lit up as he shared how the left over food had been dropped into the occupied flats in the tower block after she’d left and asking more about the remaining refugees and when they would be moving. Seeing Celine coming bounding in excitedly while she was talking Ellen ended the call feeling a sense of peace that Dundee would be a welcome home for everyone and that there would be people there who would care just as much about everyone as she did.

Immediately being greeted enthusiastically by her friend who she hadn’t seen for a few days Ellen couldn’t stop smiling as Celine excitedly shared about the IKEA deal she had struck plus her visit to Stirling to the Forest Furnishing warehouse and then showing her photos from her garage with piles of things she was collecting to make the flats in Dundee more homely for everyone. Feeling rather emotional about it all Ellen was glad when Celine suggested they get a cuppa together while they make a list of more things that could be donated to help the refugees with their up and coming move. Heading back in the direction of the canteen Ellen waved to Aran as he passed as Celine very excitedly waved him over to hear all her news too.

Making two mugs of tea while her friends chatted behind her Ellen smiled to herself. There might only be just over a week until the cruise ship left but no one could say they were not doing everything they possibly could to make sure every single refugee had all they needed to move on from a single cabin to a self contained flat. Maybe Glasgow wasn’t actually abandoning them all as she first thought. Maybe the ship had just been the cocoon keeping them all safe and well until the time to stretch their wings and move on arrived.


For her though, as wonderful and exciting as it was to see Tara’s, Dmitro and Tetyana, Ruslana and Nadia, and the others, and shortly even Oleksandr and his family, getting permanent homes at last, she just couldn’t shake that feeling that her time with them still wasn’t over. Making herself a mental note to enquire more about the caretaker’s job whenever she had a free moment Ellen interrupted Celine to have her her tea as Aran excused himself pointing to someone he needed to speak to as Celine’s returned her attention to Ellen as she began listing a long list of things she thought the refugees might want.

