Sarah’s Night of Shame

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2019-06-09 03:17

**note: this was loosely inspired by life with Louie the kiss is the thing episode except this is with a hot female

Sarah was a thick blonde girl. Not really fat, but enough on the bone to have a nice shaped ass and hips in those tight blue jeans. Her hair flowed down just above her shoulders. She was about to clock out of work. She wore a tight blue t-shirt and was so exhausted after this long day. In her twenties and working to pay for school, she stayed an extra hour today, came back from lunch early, and didn’t even get a last break.

She was a nice girl. Her bosses appreciated this. As she tightened her belt a little she felt pressure in her abdomen. Nothing agonizing, but it was a noticeable discomfort. She hadn’t peed since the start of her lunch and drank down a bottle of water during lunch and drank the last half of her friends. Plus as she walked back after to her post she drank from the fountain.

“I should make a quick bathroom break,” she said as she walked out. Standing right there at the bathroom, she looked inside and all stalls empty and to herself. She wanted to wash her hands first since they were covered with food dust.

She started to walk out of the bathroom, but then remembered she had to take a leak. But she looked at her watch and noticed she was running late. She bit her lip in a nervous face and knee shook a little as her toes were on their tips. Her bladder ached, but she’d figure she could wait. “Ah I don’t want to be late.”

With that, Sarah left the bathroom with her bladder still with a good amount of pee in it. The drive to her sisters high school was not comfortable. The road had many bumps that sent pulse after pulse to make her more aware of her bladder which continued to fill with the rest of the digested liquids she had today. Her legs squeezed together while she stopped at a light.

Her fingers drummed on the steering wheel. “Come on, come on, come on.” She said a little nervous. Her foot tapped on the floor as an eternity went by and she could finally get going again.

She finally reached the high school and pulled in to park. Her admirable thick white girl ass shook back and forth as she walked into the school in her new black and white sneakers that cost almost a whole paycheck. The tighter jeans she wore were her favorite. Barely noticeable, but if one looked at the right side of the waist just under the belt, the lead singer and guitarist of her favorite band autographed it. Her new white panties were her favorite underwear with pink around the openings for the waist and legs and a rose on the front crotch. Her jeans looked painted on they were so damn tight, but she knew she looked good.

As she walked down the hallway of the school towards the auditorium where the play was, she forget about her need for the bathroom after she got out of the car. She saw her mother and her jackass boyfriend Jeff. She sat in her seat, and a high school senior who was 18 named Alan could not help but notice Sarah’s hot ass body.

“Hey, you made it!” Her mother said.

“Wouldn’t miss it for the world,” Sarah said.

“I took a leak before,” Jeff said. “These bathrooms are never cleaned.” He said angrily.

Bathroom...Sarah’s eyes widened as a familiar need hit hard all at once with a vengeance! She was reminded because of what Jeff said, and her bladder felt bloated and rock hard. She held her abdomen and it felt like a large rock in her hand, pushing out of her stomach. “Oh...boy,” Sarah moaned. One leg kicked up a little as her knees crossed and foot shook. Then crossed hard all the way up to the crotch. Her legs were crossed as tight as a knot. One of her hands pushed deep into her crotch as a huge pulse pushed out her center and sides. She bit her lip in pain and said, “oh man!”

“What?” Her mother asked.

“I gotta use the restroom so bad.” Sarah moaned. Her filled bladder was pushed against by her tight jeans that it almost felt like it was cutting in. “Excuse me-“ But as she got up, her moms boyfriend pulled her back down to her seat as the stage lit up.

“Oh no. If I gotta suffer through this so do you.” Jeff said.

“Wha...what?! Mom?” She looked to her mother for support.

“Shh. The plays starting sweetie. Just go during intermission.”

Sarah’s has dropped and pupils dilated in disbelief. She had to go so bad. She hadn’t gone for five hours and that was after drinking a lot. Both her hands pushed into her crotch as she squirmed in her seat and her legs crossed again. She squirmed and said, “I haven’t gone for like five hours since lunch. I gotta go Mom please!”

Her mom waved her away. “Sarah just hold it. You’ll be fine.”

“Yeah,” said Jeff with a grin. “Just don’t think about rain, or waterfalls, or...” and be started making a dripping noise. Then he shook the bottle of water he had. Her mom didn’t notice him torturing her, and she didn’t seem to notice or care how what he did made Sarah’s bladder pulse even harder so bad it hurt. She squirmed in her seat and grinded her teeth as she shut her eyes and turned her head away from Jeff. The water splashing in the bottle made her body want to release even more, her bladder became heavier.

“Oh...stop...pl...please.” Sarah begged.

“Then shut up and watch this shit.”

“Quiet you two,” her mom said.

Sarah turned to the play as she sat with her family in the middle of the row. She wouldn’t be able to run past everyone fast enough to escape Jeff’s grasp. She had no choice. Poor, poor Sarah bounced in her seat. Her stomach hurt so bad it ALMOST felt like she needed a number two as well. Almost. This need to pee was insane.

As the play started, Sarah was horrified to see a boiling pot on stage as part of the set. “Oh....man...” she moaned while holding herself pushing in hard and bouncing in her seat. This was hell for her...but Alan, the creepy boy who sat at the end of the row and found her attractive was in Heaven.

“So hot,” he said shaking his head, feeling his boner grow so hard he actually saw it in his jeans.

Sarah on the other hand was holding on for dear life, pushing the ocean that hit with waves of rage against her pee hole to burst out. Her lips quivered as she squealed. Such a quiet nice girl did not deserve this. To make matters worse, Jeff gulped down his water, making huge gulping nosies they had a slight water splash sound in the back.

She grunted, “Ah...ah....ah!” In complete agony as her bladder sent off large pulses every few seconds, and any feeling between was extreme discomfort. She brought her knees up to her chest and pulled her legs in, still shaking.

As she felt her urge becoming too great to control much longer, feeling warm pee digging from the inside to flow out in force, she panicked! Sarah shook not just from physically agony but of much anxiety making chest clench and breathing become heavy. If she let out even a little pee, people could see it, and the whole town would know here. She couldn’t have an accident! But it was just becoming far too hard to hold in.

“We’ll break for a brief intermission,” as the curtains closed the teacher said.

“About...t...t-time,” she struggled to say. She slowly got up, legs still tight, but Alan who was in the row stood up and pretended to tie his shoe. Sarah was the only one getting up. She had a tough time getting by rude people who were annoyed with her squirming on by. “Excuse me,” she said and blushed, embarrassed by the whole situation, but a major accident in her pants would be even worse. It took her a couple minutes to get to the end, and that’s where Alan blocked her with his back turned. She shoved her hands deep in her pockets as the intense pressure echoed throughout her being. Her legs together tight and she was about to bounce a little but stopped herself. “Um...excuse me, um,” he was younger than she was, so she didn’t really know how to address him.

He turned around. “Oh hey! Sorry about that. Names Alan. Was my fathers name too. Good guy...” Sarah tuned out the rest as sweat formed on her forehead. She wanted to bounce like crazy so bad. Why wouldn’t this guy move? She didn’t want to be rude.

But then she saw something else. Alan’s huge boner. He was an adult like her even if she was a little older. Seeing such a big penis erected so hard was hot to her. But the last thing someone with a full bladder needed was her hormones going off as they were. Like any horny woman she started to become moist in her girlhood. Mama needed some sugar in her bowl.

“And now on to the final act!” They called from the stage.

“What the-“ Sarah said stunned, Jeff pulled her down to her seat after, with such force her bladder was rocked hit hard and she sucked her lips in and hands into her crotch pushing back the powerful fury of Poseidon that wanted to break out of her girlhood. “This...this cant be real!” Because to make matters worse, on stage as they performed, a fountain poured loudly, and Sarah wrapped her arms around herself as she shook uncontrollably feeling like she might literally explode any second. She cried, ALMOST with tears. “Why...why...why is this happening to me!?” The flowing fountain was too much for poor Sarah. How her body so badly wanted and needed to pour like that, and it fought against her to do just that. Sarah was covered in sweat as her anxiety hit extreme heights of panic and the massive bulging pain only worsened. “Will this fucking play end already!?”

“My kiss shall awaken thee fair maiden.” Said the actor in stage.

“Kid is so gonna choke,” Jeff said laughing.

As Jeff shook his water back and forth and the fountain on stage sounded like they were going off louder, Sarah looked up and was horrified to see the sprinklers outside had gone off and were dripping down the window.

“AAAAAAHHHHHHHHA!” Sarah yelped in agonizing pain feeling like her bladder was literally about to split in half as her jeans dig into her ready to make her pop. She pushed as far as she could into her crotch, legs crossed and over behind the calf’s where her ankles then crossed. She was about to explode and flood the auditorium when everyone got up clapping. The play was over, and the actors bowed.

Alan saw Sarah struggling to stand, and he was not about to miss out on this. He ran out and headed into the halls.

“Sarah where are you going?” Her mom asked.

“M...m-mom...please. I g-gotta go. I’m sorry. It I have to go so bad, I can’t wait any longer, I’m gonna burst.” Then came tears. Actual tears as she shook. Very emotional. She folded her hands in a prayer. “Please I need to go now. Please...please.”

“Alright alright go.” Her mom said.

Sarah dodger past everyone and that’s when she stopped as a spurt almost came out. She stopped frozen in terror and pain as she held her legs together. She bent over with her strong sexy ass sticking out from the tight jeans and ran up the stairs holding herself. “Gain way I’m gonna blow!”

She made it into the halls.....

To be continued

*005*2020-05-26 16:59

Chapter 2

Sarah felt so bloated. A huge mass expanded out of her abdomen as if she was pregnant with twins. The rough-housing inside as if human beings inside of her were fighting to take over her body. But it was just pee. Warm, heavy, loads of pee in a bladder that had been stretched to its limits and was now barely holding onto its last whim.

Sarah was hunched over as she ran through the halls with her hands buried in her crotch, her fingers nearly piercing her tight light blue jeans to plug up her pee hole. She sweat from the strength it took to hold back the flood and push herself forward. As she made it to the bathroom door, Alan knew he had time to set up something else, since Sarah would be in for a treat inside.

Sarah barged in and nearly fainted at the horror of lines from each of the three stalls in the women’s room. Oh the agony! She danced in place hopping foot to foot with her legs almost crossed. The sounds of toilets flushing, sinks running and women relieving themselves sent Sarah into an absolute spiral.

“Just...m...my...luck!” Her hands dug into her pockets as she crossed her legs and ankles then squirmed in place, her hips tipping side to side.

She sweater so much her eyes began to burn and her glasses fog. She felt sick from the pressure inside ready to explode. As each person went in line and she made it closer to the front, Sarah could not help but frantic into a further more intense pee dance of desperation. She had to go oh so bad!

She finally put her hands on her knees as her legs shook, feeling like it would start spraying out any second.

“G...God,” Sarah whispered. “P....p....please. Let me make it. I just NEED!” She shrieked as a huge pulse echoed through her. The other girls in line squirming for relief as well.

She finally was at the front, but as the stall opened to her salvation, she was pulled away and out of the bathroom.....

To be continued

*006*2020-08-24 16:49

“Sarah!” Her mother yelled. You have to try this diet soda form the vendors. It’s excellent.

@@sarah danced mad her bladder ready to rupture. Her mother placed the soda to her kips and made her siuck it down. Sarah’s bladder couldn’t take it anymore. The feeling and taste of another liquid was too much and her eyes welled up as her pussy sprayed out a long, steaming gush of pee into her panties and instantly made her jeans darker. Lines of pee rolled down her legs as everyone watched, her belly pumping one after the other and her shoes and socks becoming flooded until a puddle stretched across the floor. Sarah fell to her knees and curled up in a veetle position shaking and crying in a nervous breakdown as everyone laughed at her misfortune.

@@the end

