Field Trip to the Ruins

Author: Melificentfan

*000*2022-12-31 18:24

Beep Beep Beep Shadow reaches over as she turns her alarm off as she uncovers herself getting up out of bed as she heads into the bathroom sliding her top off, turning the shower on adjusting it to the right temperature. She slides her pajama bottoms down getting into the shower feeling how full her bladder is as she relaxes her muscles letting loose a long stream as she sighs in relief “Much better…” she mutters as she grabs the soap washing her body then her hair as she turns the shower off. Grabbing a towel drying off as she walks into her bedroom getting dressed and heads down stairs where her cousin Winnie and best friend Willa was in the kitchen making breakfast and joking around.

Willa grins as she looks at Shadow “Morning Shad” she says

“Mornin Willa” Shadow says with a grin as she grabs a plate

Winnie chuckles “Morning Shad” she says

Shadow grins “You two ready for the field trip?” she asks

Willa nods “Oh definitely” she says

Winnie nods “Been waiting on this trip for a while now” she says

It was there senior year of college and they have all been friends since they were kids and know everything about each other. Willa and Winnie are besties and shadow is Winnie’s cousin. It was the day that the seniors go visit the ruins for the day. They were planning to get lunch and explore the area. Shadow was excited and was looking forward to the trip.

Shadow rolls her eyes as she sits down at the table.

"I don't think you need to worry about me." Shadow says.

She grabs some food and eats it as they talk, Shadow's best friend, Winnie, was against Shadow going because she didn't want her to end.

Winnie, Willa and Shadow all finish eating as they get ready to go on the field trip.

“Anyone need to pee before we leave?” Shadow asks

Winnie shakes her head

“Me neither” Willa replies

“Okay then let's get moving” Shadow says with a grin

They pack up their things and load them in the car before heading out. The drive is pretty short and soon they arrive at the location. Shadow had looked at maps and saw that the ruins should be here.

The teacher was there as she tells the students to stay hydrated and not to touch anything. She then gives them a tour of the area, explaining what they would be doing today.

Shadow is talking with Willa as they walk through the forest.

“We're gonna run into an ambush if you keep going like this, Shadow” Willa says

Shadow looks over at Willa “Who is going to ambush us out here besides we know karate and I brought my blade with me” she says as she pats her inner jacket pocket to indicate where her blade was.

Willa shrugs as she looks back at the path ahead.

“Maybe so but you can't fight forever, Shadow and we've got a long way to go. Don't you think we should take a break first?” Willa asks

Shadow takes a deep breath nodding. "Yeah I guess we should" she says

They stop in a clearing as they sit down.

“So are you thirsty Shad?” Willa asks as she takes two bottles out of her backpack opening one handing it to Shadow.

Shadow grins drinking from the bottle. "Thanks!" she says

“You're welcome Shad” Willa says as she opens her own bottle drinking it as well

“What is Winnie doing?” Willa asks

Shadow shrugs her shoulders “Probably hanging out with the teacher” she says

Winnie walks over to Shadow and Willa. Shadow and Willa look at each other and then Winnie as she smiles widely. Shadow feels a chill go up her spine as she sees the smile.

“Winnie what are you up to?” Shadow asks as she looks at Winnie

“Nothing, Shadow” Winnie says with a grin as she sits next to Willa

Shadow sighs and looks at Winnie with a glare.

“Yeah nothing, right!

Willa chuckles “Girl you are up to something” she says looking at Winnie

Shadow grumbles as she walks away, following Willa. Shadow makes a face when she sees Winnie following her.

“I hope you aren't up to anything” Shadow whispers under her breath.

“Not really” Willa chuckles

“Liar” Shadow hisses

Willa shrugs as she stands up.

“I was just talking to the teacher about the ruins” she says

Shadow sighs and gets back to her feet as she looks around “We should explore” she says standing next to Willa

Willa nods and they start walking as they follow the path.

After a bit they come to a fork in the road and Shadow stops.

“Which way do we go?

“Let’s go to the right” Winnie says as she takes a swig of her water bottle

Shadow nods as she follows Winnie as she walks off.

Shadow,Willa and Winnie walk up to the largest ruin as they look around.

“Wow this place is huge!” Willa exclaims as she looks around the area.

“Yeah, it's pretty awesome” Shadow says looking around

“It sure is nice and quiet here too” Willa adds as she sees the grassy

Winnie nods “Maybe it’s a good spot for a bathroom break” she says

Shadow groans and walks off.

Shadow walks to the edge of the clearing and see another path. She follows the path seeing more ruins as she walks along. Shadow walks past the ruins to find a large cave.

Willa watches shadow “Shad where are you going?” she asks.

Shadow looks at Willa "To the cave" she says

Willa looks at Willa with a confused expression.

Shadow sighs as she walks into the cave. She turns to the left where she finds a wooden door.

Willa and Winnie follow shadow to the cave as they enter. Shadow walks towards the back of the cave noticing a small pool.

Willa sighs and looks around the room.

“So what do we do now?” Willa asks as she takes a seat on a rock near the pool.

Winnie shifts from foot to foot “I’m going to find a spot to pee” she says as she walks into the forest.

Willa looks at Shadow who has her hands on her hips as she sighs.

“Are you really going to pee in the cave Shadow?” Willa asks.

Shadow shakes her head “No but we could take a swim in the pool” she says

Willa looks around the cave before sitting down on the ground.

Shadow walks to the pool and steps into it. She then sighs as she closes her eyes.

Willa stands up as she walks over to Shadow.

Meanwhile Winnie walks outside and behind a tree as she unzips her jeans sliding it out as she aims relaxing her bladder releasing a long and steady stream onto the trunk of the tree as she sighs in relief as she finishes.

Shadow walks out of the cave dripping wet but very happy.

"Didn't think you'd make it." Willa says as she stands up wiping her hand on her pants.

Shadow chuckles “You should have joined me Willa” she says as she takes a deep breath enjoying the cool air.

Willa looks at Shadow with a curious expression then shrugs as she sits down next to Shadow.

"What made you decide to take a dip?" Willa asks

Shadow shrugs her shoulders “I always wanted to swim in a cave” she says as she wraps her arms around her knees.

Willa looks around the cave as Winnie joins them a short time later.

“This place reminds me of our old neighborhood” Willa says.

Shadow nods as she looks around the cave.

“We used to sneak into the caves near our house to explore and play. We would come across this crystal cave” Shadow recalls.

Winnie smiles as she remembers playing in the cave too.

“Do you remember what happened though?” Shadow asks.

Winnie looks at Shadow with a serious expression.

“Nah, never found out why there was a cave in the first place. It was weird, there wasn't even any trees around it. Just a bunch of rocks and dirt. We used to climb around those rocks and sometimes hide underneath them. Sometimes we would build forts under there and pretend to camp out there. There was also this weird abandoned cabin under there too. It was so creepy!” Winnie says with a shiver.

“You ever hear anything about it?” Shadow asks

Winnie shakes her head no.

“I heard stories about a witch who lived somewhere nearby, and she could control crystals” Willa says

Shadow nods “Oh yeah that was Bea the crystal sea witch she used to tell us stories when we were kids” she says

Winnie nods “Those stories were so cool” she says

Willa nods “She was a cool woman” she says

Shadow nods “Who loved the three of us” she says as she hugs Winnie.

“That's true, she did love you, Shad, Willa and me we are the only three she really trusted” Willa says as she wraps her arm around Shadow's shoulder.

Shadow nods as she thinks of how much she misses Bea.

"Do you think we'll ever see her again?" Willa asks

Shadow shakes her head with a sad expression as she remembers the day Bea died.

Winnie’s expression goes hard “The village so called heroes thought it would be funny to burn Bea alive” she snarls

“Why would they do that?” Shadow asks

“You know they hated her Shad they wanted Bea gone” Willa says

Shadow nods “True they didn’t know how close the three of us were with Bea” she says

“They knew how important she was to all of us. They thought by killing her they killed the whole idea of the revolution” Willa says

Shadow and Willa stare at each other remembering the day.

Winnie nods “They thought it was funny to see the witch burn” she says

Shadow looks at Willa with anger.

“How could they kill her? She was one of us!” Shadow says

Willa sighs as she looks at Shadow

“We had to keep up the secret.

Winnie nods “We will always keep Bea’s secret with us” she says

Shadow nods as she looks at Winnie.

“If the magic died out so did Bea. If anyone found out Bea was still alive they would surely try and get rid of her” Shadow says

Willa nods as she drinks her water “True Shad but she always trusted us and no one else” she says

Shadow nods as she looks at Winnie and Willa.

“I miss her so much, Shad” Winnie says as she grabs Shadow's hand

Shadow squeezes Winnie's hand as she stands up looking at Willa.

Willa nods “The three of us miss her so much she was a awesome and funny woman” she says

Shadow drinks her water until the bottle was empty as Willa does the same.

Shadow sighs as she looks at Willa as she kneels down on the ground.

“I am so sorry we lost her” Shadow says as tears run down her cheeks.

Willa looks at shadow “It’s not your fault Shad” she says as she reaches up drying the tears

Winnie nods “It’s no one’s but the three heroes of our village” she says as she leans back against the wall.

Shadow shakes her head as she wipes her face trying to wipe the tears away.

“No it was my fault because I convinced them to use the crystal they dropped to save her” Shadow says

Winnie nods as she sits next to Shadow

“We don’t blame you Shad” she says as she rubs Shadow's back

“We never will blame you Shad” she continues

Shadow looks up at Winnie and smiles as she puts her face into her palms.

Winnie rubs Shadow’s back as Shadow tries to stop crying.

Willa wipes Shadow's face as Shadow cries into her hands.

Willa and Winnie both hug shadow close to them.

“I'm sorry I couldn't help you” Shadow says

Winnie takes Shadow's hand and holds it tight as she pulls Shadow closer to her.

Shadow smiles as she rests her head on Winnie's shoulder.

Willa nods as she shifts around

Shadow looks at Willa “You gotta take a leak Willa?” she asks

Willa nods “Yeah I haven’t gone since last night” she says

Shadow smiles as she gets up and walks over to Winnie.

Willa looks at Shadow with an annoyed expression.

Shadow shrugs as she sits down on the ground.

Winnie sits down next to Shadow

“Come on Willa let's go to the bushes” Shadow

Willa nods as she gets up “Let’s go Shad” she says as she stands up.

Shadow and Winnie walk through the woods finding a large tree

Shadow unbuckles her belt as she unbuttons and unzips her jeans sliding them down along with her boxer shorts as she relaxes her bladder sighing as her stream arches hitting the tree “Ah..much better…” she mutters

Willa chuckles as she unbuckles her belt unbuttoning and unzipping her jeans sliding them and her panties down as she relaxes her bladder letting loose a long stream as it arches hitting the tree “So much better…” she mutters with a smile

Shadow’s stream dies down to a trickle stopping as she pulls everything up buttoning and zipping her jeans as she buckles her belt

Willa’s stream dies down a few minutes later as it stops as she pulls everything up buttoning and zipping her jeans as she buckles her belt

“That’s so much better” Shadow says with a grin

Willa nods “It is indeed Shad” she says as she sits down next to Shadow.

Shadow laughs as she looks at Willa.

“I should have joined you guys earlier I feel like we could use a good soak to wash off the sweat” Winnie says with a smile.

Shadow nods as she looks at Willa.

“There's a nice little waterfall about 20 miles east of here. We can take a nice long bath there if you want to join us” Shadow says it says

Willa nods “It says so on the map” she says grinning

Shadow looks at the map as she rolls up the parchment.

Winnie nods “Let’s go to the water fall” she says grinning.

The three girls get up grabbing their things and start walking towards the water falls.

The three reach the waterfalls after about 5 miles of walking they find it beautiful.

The water is clear blue green and cold.

“Woah it’s beautiful here” Shadow says with a grin

Winnie giggles as she looks around.

“It sure is Shad” Willa says as she looks at Shadow.

“It’s so peaceful here” Shadow says with a grin.

Winnie nods as she lays on her stomach in the grass.

“I wish I could stay here forever” she says as she closes her eyes.

Shadow nods “We have to be back at our house at seven though”

Winnie nods as she opens her eyes.

“I know but I wouldn't mind staying here” she says

Winnie turns to Shadow laying her head on Shadow's shoulder.

“I hope we come back here again soon” she says as she pets Shadow's hair

Willa nods “You know we will bestie” she says as she looks at Winnie.

Shadow laughs as she hugs Winnie.

Shadow looks at Willa lying in the grass.

“What are you doing?” Shadow asks

Willa giggles as she looks at Shadow

“I just wanna sleep a bit”

Shadow smiles as she watches Willa.

"Alright I understand," Shadow says with a smile

Willa opens her eyes and smiles "Thank you"

Shadow smiles as she lays down beside Willa as she closes her eyes.

Willa feels a warm sensation going through her body as she quickly wakes up and looks around.

She notices Shadow laying next to her with her eyes closed.

She touches Shadow's back gently and starts petting her as she moves her hand up and down.

Shadow slowly opens her eyes as she yawns.

“Good morning sleepyhead” Winnie whispers as she crawls onto Shadow's chest.

“Winnie get off of me you goober” Shadow says with a chuckle as she gently pushes Winnie off of her.

Winnie grins as she rubs Shadow's cheek

“I love you Shad” she says with a soft smile

Shadow blinks as she looks at Winnie.

“I love you too, Winnie” she says with a big smile

Willa snickers “I love you both” she says as she hugs shadow

Shadow grins as she gets up “Let’s head back” she says as she stands up

Winnie nods as she follows Shadow out of the water falls.

Willa walks with shadow and Winnie as she links both of her arms with theirs.

Winnie rubs Shadow's back as they walk back to their home.

The three girls make it back to their house without any trouble as they enter their house.

Shadow goes into her room to change as she hangs her wet clothes in the closet.

Willa grins “What a great trip that was” she says

Winnie nods “It was so much fun” she says as she looks at Shadow with a smirk

Shadow blushes as she changes into another pair of pants and a shirt.

“Did you ladies find anything interesting on our journey?” Shadow asks

Willa nods as she sits on the bed.

“The water fall was beautiful” Winnie says with a giggle

Shadow smiles as she sits on the bed next to Winnie as she pets her head.

“You know what I think? We should take a long vacation right now and explore every inch of this world.

Willa nods “Alright let’s do it we should head to Disney and invite Kat along” she says

The three friends all grin before they all head to bed for the night the three of them can conquer the world together as long as they have each other.

