Runs in the family

Author: Mrgala21

*000*2017-04-23 00:13

Zoey shifted position in her seat once again. The blonde 18 year old was starting to get quite uncomfortable. She really regretted not using the bathroom that morning. Today was too big a day for her to have to deal with bothersome bodily functions like going pee.

"Zoey, what is wrong with you?" asked zoey's Mom,Kate, who was driving the car they both were in.

Zoey thought about telling her mom the truth which was that she had not gotten to use the bathroom upon waking up that morning. It was now close to three hours since she had woken up and zoey was definitely feeling it. She very easily could have went before they left but her nerves had taken her over and she was simply too worried about getting ready and getting out of the house on time.

"Nothing Mom, I'm fine" zoey timidly replied. Her mother very much so seemed angry and had seemd that way the whole morning. With that in mind, zoey thought it was better to just suffer in silence and not bother her Mother with a problem that someone her age quite simply shouldn't be having.

"Then stop being so antsy. Your making me nervous" Kate replied. Kate did realize she probably was coming off as sort of a bitch at the moment. In all honestly, nothing zoey was doing was really bothering her at the moment. In fact, it was the opposite. Kate was extremely proud of her beautiful daughter. Today was the day she was making her first college visit. It really was quite overwhelming for Kate. It had seemed like just the other day when zoey was a baby. And now here she was visiting a college more than 4 hours away. It all just seemed too much. She allowed herself to look over at zoey while the road was clear ahead of her.

Even in a lazy outfit such as black athletic shorts and a white tank top her daughter looked great. She couldn't help but think some of her daughters great looks came from herself who was also quite the looker when she was zoeys age. Kate still was quite attractive for her age but had indeed let herself go a little bit in the years after having zoey. With that said, there was one trait that zoey didn't take after her mother and that was her shyness. Zoey was very very shy and always had been. Kate had no idea where that came from as she herself was the complete opposite. Kate worried about her daughter away at college but thought it was necessary and maybe even would be beneficial in the long run for her daughter.

Kate came back to reality as yet another bladder spasm came over her. Kate had been through a large Starbucks coffee since hey had left. That was close to three hours ago at this point. The coffee had also had its usual effect on Kate and she definitely did not just have to pee. Kate needed to go both #1 and #2 quite badly. Kate kicked herself for not stopping sooner. She was way to old to be going through this. Kate really wished she could hold herself through her black leggings but couldn't while driving. That thought did make her notice her daughter holding the crotch of her shorts. On top of that, her long tan legs were wrapped around eachother rather tightly.

Poor zoey had never had to pee so bad in her life. She really was struggling. Something had to be done and fast. She was not going to make it to her visit without a bathroom trip. She turned to her Mom with the intention of telling her the predicament she was in. But when she saw her Mom she realized she looked distraught as well. Her usually composed mother had both of her theighs rapidly banging against eachother as well as a pained look on her face. Right away she knew her mom had to pee and bad. Zoey knew this was time for her to finally ask.

"Mom, do you think we can stop soon? I actually need to go to the bathroom."

Kate looked over at her daughter who was bouncing in her seat.

"uh yea, sure honey. I'll stop at the next stop I see." Kate was very glad zoey brought the subject up and not herself.

"I think there's one coming up soon. I saw a sign for one a while back" replied the obvious desperate 18 year old. "We both can use it."

Just then Kate let out a fart. Kate was now sharing her daughters inability to sit still. She rapidly moved her butt around on the car seat in addition to violently shaking her legs. She wanted nothing more than to hold herself but she was driving and couldn't . She should have made Zoey drive.

"Mom, do you have to poop? Zoey asked with as much of a laugh as she could manage giving the amount of pain she was feeling herself.

"Yes zoey I have to poop. Now just look for that rest stop. Zoey was one step ahead of her Mom. Zoey now had her hands permanently stuffed in her crotch.

To be continued

....

This was my first attempt at fiction writing. Please let me know if anyone wants to hear more. Feedback would be greatly appreciated.

*006*2017-05-05 08:54

Thank you guys for all the feedback. It's really appreciated. Also, sorry for the delay between parts. So, without further ado here's part two.

...

The discomfort in Kate's stomach was absolutely killing her. It was getting to the point where she didn't feel suited to drive anymore. Kate physically could not get herself to stop moving. Not to mention she was constantly letting out farts. Her normally strong bladder was failing her. She felt like she had a balloon in her stomach. She was beyond embarrassed her daughter had to see her like this.

As amusing as Zoey did find her mom's situation, she had her own problems at the moment. Poor Zoey had actually already leaked a few times. She was doing all she could to hold it in but drops escaping her hold were almost a constant at this point. The fact that Zoey was wearing a thong also made the situation that much more uncomfortable. When Zoey leaked she could feel the pee hit her bare butt cheeks. Part of this whole experience almost seemed exciting to Zoey. Almost sexual. Zoey started to think she was getting a little turned on. Those thoughts were quickly pushed out of her mind as she saw a exit coming up.

"Mom, take this exit. I think there's a gas station there."

Kate could only muster out a timid "ok". She was really not doing well. Her bladder was giving out and fast. She now had no choice but to dig a hand into her crotch.

"Mom, I really really need to pee. " zoey felt the need to inform her mother of the obvious. She found it exciting that her mom not only knew of her situation but also was experiencing it.

"I know you do honey but I'm getting off now. Just hold it a little longer."

"l didn't even go this morning. I should have. I'm sorry, I know we're running late."

That much was true. Kate had noticed between stomach pains and bladder problems that they were cutting it close on time. They now had 45 minutes before their tour started at the college and they had about that much time left before they got there.

"Honey, it's ok. You can see how bad I need to go too."

By this time the two had taken the exit and made their way off the interstate. Kate saw a sign indicating a gas station a mile down the road.

"I don't know if I can hold it mom."

"Zoey, it's a mile. You are 18. At least your not about to shit yourself too" Kate said trying to get her point across as well as lighten the mood.

Come to think of it, Zoey hadn't went number two in about 24 hours. She did indeed feel a little pressure in her lower stomach. With that said, her main concern was keeping the flood of urine inside her. She had both hands buried into her crotch. Both of her long legs were wrapped around eachother and she,like her mom, was bouncing up and down in her seat like a child. Zoey let out another squrt and instantly felt it soak her butt and inner theighs. If she wasn't wearing black this all would be noticeable. She was indeed worried about the pee that was soaking through her shorts and creating a wet patch on the seat.

Kate finally saw the gas station and pulled into the spot right outside the door. Kate had barely shot off the car before Zoey was out of the car and running inside the building with her hand in the front of her short black shorts.

"Uhh, where's your bathroom?" A flustered Zoey asked the woman behind the counter. The name on her name tag read Holly. She looked about 30 to Zoey and was actually quite pretty for a gas station employee. She had long red hair and a curvy shape.

"Um, they are in the back" was Holly's response. She was a little taken by surprise by the pretty girl doing the potty dance before her. She looked entirely too old for her actions.

Zoey mustered out a very quiet "thanks" before taking off towards the back. On the way to the back Zoey ran past the front door and her mom who had just entered. Kate followed closely behind as her desperate daughter ran the length of the building and into the bathroom. Zoey threw open the door and immediately realized something of vital importance. It had only one toilet. This was a one person bathroom. Kate barged in behind Zoey and seem to realize the same thing Zoey just had.

"Mom, please let me go I'll be so quick"

Kate looked at her grown daughter with her hands in her crotch and legs crossed and that pained look on her face and couldn't argue.

" alright, just be really quick baby"

Kate existed the room she most desperately wanted to be in and took her place leaning against the wall with both her hands in the crotch of her leggings. Meanwhile, Zoey was pulling down her shorts and soaked thong in one motion. Next, Zoey plopped her round ass onto the seat below her. After a second of nothing, Zoey's brain finally gave her poor bladder the all-go. Pee gushed out of Zoey like a waterfall. Zoey couldn't help but to let out a sigh of relief. Her eyes watered with the relief. Zoey had never felt such intense relief before. After about a minute of peeing, Zoey's stream died down to a quiet tinkle and just like that she was done. The relived Zoey got up and flushed the toilet and immediately jumped back and screamed. A huge spider crawled out from the other side of the toilet and onto the seat. Kate stormed in upon hearing her daughter scream.

All Kate had to do was follow Zoey's gaze and saw what the source of her daughters terror was. Kate's heart dropped and without even thinking she turned and ran out of the bathroom and continued out of the building and into the car. Kate had the worst case of acrophobia ever. Kate's bodily needs would have to wait. There was simply no way she could use any bathroom in that building after seeing that nightmare. After receiving more weird looks from Holly, Zoey left the building and joined her terrified mother in the car. And just as her mother started the car and left the parking lot Zoey was hit with a very intense stomach pain.

*010*2017-05-21 05:59

"Mom, you should have went."

"I'm fine zoey, you know I couldn't go there after seeing that monster in there. We gotta get you there anyway. We're so late."

Kate saw a look of discomfort cross her daughters face and would have questioned it more if she wasn't in such dire straits herself. It was going to be a photo finish on making it to Zoey's visit and now she still had a very full bladder and bowels. Almost on que, Kate let out a very loud and long fart. A very worried whimper exited Kate's lips. The front of her black leggings now had a noticeable wet patch on them. Her theighs and butt cheeks were wet due to the repeated leaks that were finding their way out of Kate(one particularly long leak was let out upon seeing the spider).

The grown women physically could not sit still and was letting out farts almost constantly. One hand had found its way under her leggings and was now clutching the crotch of her soaked panties. She desperately wanted to grab her butt in order to keep the contents of her overfilled bowels inside but had to at least keep one hand to drive. Kate was not going to make it more than a few more minutes and she knew it.

Zoey could not take her eyes off of her mother. She had never seen anyone so desperate in her life. There was something so fascinating about a grown women who was quite obviously losing a battle with her own body. In the midst of Zoey watching her mother lose her struggle, Zoey was hit with a very intense stomach pain and was reminded of her own plight that had surfaced immediately after her opportunity to solve it had vanished. She,like her mother, had to poop. The urge had came on very strong in the past few minutes since they left the gas station. But Zoey could not tell her mother of her issue when her mother was obviously in more pain. Even considering the fact that she was doubting If she herself could make it, Zoey decided to simply be thankful that she did not need to pee anymore and hold in the rather large load that was inside of her small body.

Kate let out another whimper followed by a rather long fart. Zoey looked over to her mother and saw a look of absolute suffering on her face. Her usually composed mom was obviously about to make a large mess. Kate's hand was permanently clutching her crotch and was under her leggings. Her mothers butt was rapidly grinding into the car seat and looked as if it would never slow down.

"Mom, are you ok?"

"Yes honey, I'm completely and utterly fine." The sarcasm in Kate's voice was more than evident.

"We can't stop mom. We're going to be late."

"I know, I'm going to get you there on time don't worry. Just be happy you don't have to go anymore cause this is horrible."

Zoey wanted to inform her mom that she was fighting her own battle. Zoey herself was starting to grind her shapely bottom deep into the car seat below her. Looking at her beyond desperate mother was certainly not helping her take her mind off of it either. She would give anything to be sitting on that spider-ridden gas station toilet again. But she could not speak up. Not with the state her mother was in and the time limit they were under.

About 10 minutes went by and Zoey could swear she could see her mother's pants becoming wet. Zoey wondered how close Kate was to losing her other battle. After another fart rang through the air Zoey looked over towards her mother once more and saw tears in her eyes. Zoey could not believe it. Her mom actually was being brought to tears by her own bodily needs. Zoey instantly let go of any fascination she was experiencing as pure sympathy overcame her.

"Only about 20 minutes mom."

"I can't hold it anymore baby" Kate responded while obviously fighting back tears.

"Mom, you can do it. You have held it this long. We will find a bathroom right when we get there."

"No Zoey, we will have to park, find where the visit is, sign in and everything before we will get any chance at a bathroom."

Zoey was suddenly hit with the same realization her mother was just hit with. Zoey would probably have to go on her whole visit before she could relieve herself. That thought terrified Zoey. She was doubting her ability to make it to the college itself. She was now sitting on her hands in an attempt to hold herself without being obvious to her mother. Zoey had to fart but did not want to alert her mother of her predicament. Zoey had already embarrassed herself enough today with her close call earlier. She could not do it again. She had to hold on.

Just then, Kate started to signal and move lanes.

"What are you doing mom? There's not even an exit coming up."

"I just can't hold it anymore baby." Was the only response Kate could muster. The fact was that Kate was now wearing soaked panties and leggings. She still had at least a minutes worth of pee inside of her. Kate also was seconds away from losing her battle with the turd that had been right at the brim for 15 minutes now. Kate had even let a shart out earlier and would have to deal with that for the rest of their journey now as neither of them had any change of clothes.

Zoey watched in utter confusion as her mother drifted to the shoulder of road, stopped the car, and hopped out. Kate ran around the car and towards Zoey's window with a hand in her crotch as well as a hand firmly grasping her butt. Kate motioned for Zoey to roll her window down.

"Open your door and look the other way" was all Kate could say before yanking her obviously soaked pants and panties to her ankles and squatting down. Kate used Zoey's door to brace herself as an explosion started. There was no way Zoey could look away from this. Kate closed her eyes in utter relief as pee gushed from between her damp theighs. Kate then braced herself as another explosion came out from her backside. Kate was not able to hold back sighs of relief as an insane amount of waste exited her body. Kate finally opened her eyes and saw her daughter looking right at her display.

"Zoey, turn away!!" Kate then used her free hand to cover her pussy that was out in the open.

Zoey could not believe this. Her mother was peeing AND messing literally inches away from her. Zoey could not even say anything. A part of her felt as though she should be disgusted with the sights and sounds coming out of her mother while another could not help but be intrigued. And maybe even a little aroused. Zoey knew she should not be aroused and yet maybe that's why she was feeling such a way.

"I'm so so sorry you have to see this. I was about to lose it all. I'm so sorry."

Zoey could only muster out a "it's fine" as she was now throughly aroused as well as desperate. Zoey was desperate for the second time in one car journey and this time it was more serious. She could feel her waste right on the brim and her mother reliving herself literally right next to her was certainly not helping.

"There's nowhere else to go here. It's all fields. I needed the car for any sort of cover. It was coming out Zoey I'm so sorry."

"Mom, it's ok I swear you were crying I know it was bad."

" Thank god we saved those napkins from Starbucks earlier." Kate joked as she was now finishing up. Zoey was glad Kate could joke a little as she was obviously very embarrassed about the whole situation. As Kate cleaned herself up as much as she could and got back into the car Zoey thought about telling her mom of her predicament. Maybe it was her shy nature or simply a less than willing attitude to copy her mom's actions but Zoey did not say a word as they started to move again.

In fact, not much was said for the rest of the ride. Kate was obviously embarrassed and Zoey had her own reasons. There was simply not much to be said.

....

"Alright, what building were we supposed to meet in again?" Kate asked her daughter.

Zoey looked at her mother as if it was the most complicated question ever.

"uhh...the administration building I think."

"Baby, I know that was a rough journey and your probably traumatized for life but let's just try to make the best of it. Look, I can tie my hoodie that I have in the back around my waist and no one will know that your mom can't make it to a potty in time." Kate said with a smile.

Zoey forced out a chuckle and smiled but that wasn't what she cared about at the moment. Yes, they had finally made it to their destination but Zoey was in the most pain she ever had been. Shooting pain in her stomach was a constant. Her thong had found its way very far into her butt as a result of Zoey wiggling her butt constanly as well as her hands being glued to her backside.

Kate looked at her daughter and knew something was wrong.

"Baby, are you ok? Did I really do that big a number on you?"

Just then, a fart filled the air and for once it didn't come from Kate. Kate now knew the real problem with her daughter.

"Honey, do you have to poop?

"Yes" Zoey replied while looking at the ground and blushing.

"How long have you had to go?"

"Since we left the gas station. I'm sorry mom I didn't want to say anything."

" You should have told me I would have stopped. I'm pretty sure we are late anyway. Your just lucky we are here."

Right after saying that Kate saw the admission building and pulled into the parking lot.

"Alright we're here, baby can you hand me that parking pass in the back seat so we can go in and you can go poop in a toilet and not in the street like me."

The fact was Zoey indeed wasn't going to poop in the streets. She was going to poop in her shorts. Tears started to form in Zoey's eyes as she officially lost her battle. Zoey was unable to move as the beginning of her relief took place. Zoey was powerless as waste forced its way out of her exhausted body. Her favorite thong offered little resistance as repeated farts and chunks of poop found their way into her short shorts.

It wasn't long after Kate pulled into a parking spot that she realized what was happening. She could only stare in complete shock as her 18 year old daughter shit herself right outside a building that certainly had a toilet inside.

Zoey now accepted her fate and gave up any attempts of holding anything back. The tiny shorts that Zoey was wearing could only hold so much and was now visibly leaking the contents of her bowels down her long legs and into the seat she had lost her battle in. Like her mother, Zoey could not say anything. The only noise in the car at all was those coming from Zoey's butt as well as the sobbing that Zoey now had no control over.

THE END

.......

Thanks to all who replied to the earlier parts of the story. Please keep the feedback coming! I know this installment ended a little abruptly but I felt as though this concept had run its course. However, I would be more than happy to continue writing stories staring these characters but using a different storyline. Anyone is more than welcome to leave suggestions for more with Zoey and Kate or for different fiction stories altogether.

