The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 3

Author: Markj9494

*040*2020-02-08 00:15

{{On 1/14/2020 at 10:36 AM, acer913 said:

I love this story. Best I have come across in a while. Excellent job. I look forward to reading more from you.

}}

Hey, Thank you. Means a lot to get this much positive feedback.

{{On 1/29/2020 at 12:13 AM, NotDusty said:

Just caught up on this entire thread, absolutely fantastic!

Cannot wait to see how Angelica's revenge manifests itself!

}}

Awesome, its cool to know new (ish) people are finding this and its good enough to read in one go.

{{On 2/3/2020 at 9:49 AM, NotDusty said:

Another fantastic chapter!

I think Scarlett’s backstory has probably been my favourite so far, and I’m hugely looking forward to seeing what you do with Olivia!

}}

Thank you! Yeah I think Scarlet's is one of mine too. It felt like it had a bit of everything and hopefully showed off the sort of character I was going for.

{{18 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

That was another amazing read

}}

Thank you for the continued support!

{{34 minutes ago, Dtravis said:

Can't wait for the next chapters! I really enjoyed extra holding contest with Claudia btw, but other stories are great too. I would say this multi-chapter story was definitely the best thing that happened on omorashi.org in January.

}}

Wow!, that's extremely kind of you to say!

A lot of good stories on this site, so im really happy to know people are enjoying it.

You guys are all amazing. Thank you guys and everyone else who is continuing to read this!

*041*2020-02-12 21:15

Chapter 13: A walk in the park (Olivia part 2)

1 week till the rematch

The last 5 weeks had been some of the most blissful and intense of Olivia’s life. Never did she think a bodily function could bring such sheer pleasure to her, or maybe it had something to do with her new partner and their shared love of it.

She smiled as she saw her beautiful assistant Tara walking towards her. It had been a bit odd seeing her at work after what they had done, but by now it seemed like everyone had figured out what they were up to. Well, at least the parts that didn’t involve them forcing each other to drink copious amounts of liquid and watch their bladders expand until they simply could hold it no longer. Just the thought of their antics was driving her mad as she pressed her thighs together under the desk.

“Hi boss”

“Why have you started calling me that? Whats wrong with Olivia”

“Well you said you wanted to keep things professional at work” Tara replied sarcastically

“Yeah, but you can still use my name. Just like everyone else does” Olivia replied, waving a hand in the direction of the other offices

“But that’s no fun.”

“Fine….what can I help you with Tara” emphasising her name to make fun of their current situation.

“Oh nothing, im about to head out for lunch with a client and just wanted to come say hi and make sure we are still on for tonight.”

“Oh ok, Yep 6 o'clock back where it all started. I cant wait”

“Same, the food was so good last time and well, we might have to have a repeat of what happened afterwards” she said suggestively, taking one of her fingers and sucking on it seductively.

God she was hot Olivia thought to herself, although her sucking on her finger made her laugh slightly. “You realise I don’t have a penis right, so that thing with your fingers is kind of not gonna happen.”

Tara laughed, “true….well... what if im into fingers, I mean you don’t know what other sorts of deprived things I might be into.” There was that winkle in her eye again, something Olivia had gotten good at recognising.

“Anyway I have to head out to meet the client, but I brought you a coffee” she said placing it down on Olivia’s desk. “So I will see you there at 6”

“Cant wait” Olivia replied watching her lovers hips walk away from her.

Looking down at the massive coffee she had just been brought, she wasn’t fooled for a second. She new exactly what Tara was up to, but she was more than happy to play along. Picking it up she began to sip from it, having to use both hands for the heavy cup.

A few hours later Olivia was sat at her desk with her legs tightly crossed. Tara’s plan had worked all too well for her, she was never usually this desperate this early in the day. Glancing at the side of her desk she couldn't help but spot the giant coffee cup now empty alongside an empty pitcher of water and some fruit juice. Why had she done this to herself she thought, but at the same time she knew exactly why.

Olivia grimaced as her bursting bladder unexpectedly spasmed in desperation as her tight pants suit and belt only made things worse for her. Sticking a thumb between her bladder and belt she was relieved to feel a slight give, it was just in her head. Although the slight throbbing from her bladder and discomfort from her kidneys suggested it wasn’t. Taking a quick look around to make sure no one was watching she quickly grabbed her crotch with one hand while typing. It helped take the edge off her need but had the undesired effect of sending tingles of pleasure through her body.

By the time 6 o’clock rolled around Olivia was in real trouble, her desperation had increased 10 fold and she was worryingly close to pissing herself in the back of this taxi. Why did this always happen when she was around Tara. Her legs were tightly pressed together as she rhythmically tensed her thighs and bounced them constantly. Luckily her trousers meant she didn’t have to worry about flashing the driver on accident. Paying him, she carefully collected her thoughts, took a deep breath and walked into the Dandy Lion bar once more.

She spotted Tara straight away, she was sat at the exact same table they had used 5 weeks ago. On her table sat 4 empty glasses and a half empty pitcher, a thought that would ordinarily have excited Olivia but right now as she walked into the busy room she was suddenly realising that unlike most of their games, this was very much in a public space. last time they were here it had been booked by her boss, but this time there were people all over the place. Waving at Tara she slowly made her way over to the brunettes table.

“Hey, how are you doing” she asked quickly sitting and crossing one leg over the other as her bladder pulsed again. What was happening to her, did she forget to pee this morning or something.

“Im good, better now you are here” Tara smiled, although something seemed off.

“What about you?” had she sensed something was wrong? was she being that obvious.

“Honestly, I really have to pee. Like its way worse than it should be. I think I might have forgotten to pee this morning.”

Tara’s eyes rolled back in her head for a moment. “Oh god, why do you have to talk like that. You have been here like 30 seconds and you already have me on edge”

Olivia couldn’t help but notice Tara’s nipples poking through her shirt, did she not wear a bra to work this morning or was she just that horny. She would make sure to find out later.

“Says the person who gave me that massive coffee this afternoon. I blame you for this”. A concerned look flashed across Tara’s face making Olivia wonder if she had been to serious. Dam she needed to pee though. “But lets order food shall we”

“Are you sure, I mean you can use the toilet if its that bad?”

“No its ok, I should be able to hold a while longer” Although Olivia herself wasn’t sure of that, the pressure in her bladder seemed to be increasing by the second.

“Ok, well you tell me what you want and I’ll go up and order”

“I think I’ll have the same as last time, it was really good.”

“I was thinking the same thing, be right back” Tara said smiling again.

As Tara left the table Olivia couldn’t help but put her hands between her legs. Pressing on her crotch tightly she was concerned with how her muscles trembled beneath her touch, aching to release her bladders contents. Breathing slowly to try and calm her body, she at least managed to reduce the panic that was creeping in about pissing herself in front of at least 2 dozen other people. Closing her eyes for a moment, she could feel the warm mass of pee inside her pulsing and pressing on her muscles. This was the feeling she had gown to love, but right now it was paired with a feeling of jeopardy which did nothing but make it hotter.

“You ok in there” Tara asked, placing a vodka lemonade in front of Olivia

“Yeah…sorry I just need to pee and its kind of turning me on”

“Turning you on…..you have no idea what its doing to me, I could barely speak to the barman after I glanced over at you”

“Well then, at least I’ve got that going for me” Olivia joked

The laugh was almost too much for her muscles, she felt them spasm and a warmth spread out between her lips and into her underwear. Burning with effort she clenched and stopped the flow almost instantly. One hand quickly went back to holding herself, the other cupping her bloated bladder as t fought her for control.

“Are you sure your ok” Tara asked, her concern genuine.

“Yeah, just laughing is not good right now” leaning over a little closer she whispered “I think I just leaked a little”

“I love seeing you like this…..but do you think you should go before food gets here? I kind of need to go too after all I drank waiting here, if you want to go together?”

“Oh…..no im ok” Olivia lied as she scrunched her face as another more powerful spasm hit her. She didn’t know if she was lying to herself or Tara but in a few moments It would probably be both.

“You look like you are in pain, come on. We should go before the food gets here and then we have to leave it” Tara said, watching the beads of sweat rolling down Olivia’s face.

“No….I can wait….I can wait until we have eaten.”

“No, you can’t, look at you”

“Don’t worry about me, ive held more than this. Just a bit of a spasm is all, I know I can hold more, its only been 11 hours”

“No you cant……ok don’t be mad at me”

“I ca….What?” another spasm caused another leak of warmth to escape her grasp. Olivia was thankful her hand still felt dry so that meant her underwear was absorbing most of the damage. She just had to let it calm down for a minute, it was just the cab ride unsettling it. “Why would I be mad at you, im not that sensitive about my bladder….plus im starting to think you might be right”

“Its not that…you know how much I love to see you desperate to pee” Tara said, placing her hands on the table

“Obviously, you must be loving it right now, im seriously about to wet myself. Oooh," she moaned quietly as a ripple of pain flew through her bladder.

“I would be but………I may have slipped you a diuretic in that coffee earlier and now I am feeling terrible about it. So please can we just go to the toilets”

“You what?”

“Now, please lets go. I thought this would be more fun but I should have told you earlier, I was going to later I just didn't expect it to make you this desperate."

“Ooof…..ok…..yep….defiantly about to pee” was all Olivia could muster up. Her face muscles seemed clenched as sweat continued to form and run down her supple skin.

“Come on you can make it, lets go” Tara said, holding out a hand to help,

“Yeah... that’s a good idea” Olivia moaned again as she stood and the pair of them made their way to the ladies room.

Both of them thanked god there was no line as Tara pulled the hunched Olivia along clutching her bladder, pushing their way into one of the stalls. Helping her undo her belt and lower her trousers, Tara could see her underwear damp against her womanhood as another leak made its way past Olivia’s clenched muscles and ran down her now exposed thigh. Still clutching her now naked bladder, it pulsed as it expanded, freed from the confinds of her clothes she was amazed at how big it was. No wonder she had been so desperate. Thankfully she felt the cold porcelain of the toilet beneath her, finally allowing her bladder to empty itself. Within seconds Olivia's pee exploded out of her, spraying loudly into the water as the internal pressure in her bladder made it jet out of her forcefully.

“Oh that feels good” Olivia breathed quietly as she sighed in relief. The litres of pee finally being let out of her tired body. Closing her eyes again, she focused on the feeling, her hand moving towards her crotch as she began to gently touch herself, each moment sending waves of pleasure through her. As her stream finished she reluctantly took her hands away from herself and opened her eyes, she had no intentions of cumming yet. But the sight in front of her did not help with that.

She hadn’t noticed at the time but Tara had joined her in the same cubicle and shut the door. Now the young brunette had both hands placed in her crotch as she desperately pee danced on the spot. Picking up one leg and then the other, she danced on the spot as Olivia watched her body fighting to control itself.

“Please you have to let me pee now” She said, noticing Olivia’s stream had finally finished

“I have to do I? what about some payback, maybe I should make you hold it”

“Im serious Olivia, I cant hold it. Watching you pee was too much, its about to come out”

“I mean, surely you can hold it a couple more minutes, im enjoying the view. Its almost making me forgive you for what you did” Olivia replied, her tone implying she wasn't seriously annoyed but more enjoying the current situation.

“Oh, please, please, please” Tara was begging now and it was Olivia’s turn to be driven wild. Here she was sat on the very thing that the beautiful and desperate woman in front of her so desperately needed.

“Please? I cant hold it any more”

“I think you can wait a couple more minutes.”

But that turned out to be wrong. Even as Olivia finished speaking she could see a wet patch form on Tara’s dark underwear. Hard to notice, but the telltale shimmer of wetness running over the fabric was easy for a trained eye to notice.

“Oh….Fuck” Tara said quietly. throwing her hands between her legs. Another burst of pee escaped Tara, this time running down her legs as her underwear failed to contain it

“Ok I think…..” Olivia was interrupted by Tara suddenly moving towards her. She quickly sat on Olivia, straddling her and pressing her body tightly against Olivia as the pee rained out of her body and into the toilet beneath them. Her sigh of relief interrupted as Olivia planted her lips to Tara’s and the pair of them started to kiss passionately, Tara still peeing through her underwear and between Olivia's spread legs. The two intertwined as they pulled each other closer and began making out. The heat of the situation unbearable for the two women as their hands began exploring each others body. Two minutes later Tara had finished peeing and while they were still in the throes of another desire, Olivia broke off the kiss.

“Do you think we should get back to our table now?”

“Oh come on, I think we can take another couple of minutes” Tara said still kissing Olivia on the neck and face, desperately trying to keep it going.

“No…come on….I am enjoying teasing you. Working you up” she said tweaking one of Tara’s nipples and making her moan into her chest. “But, we should get back….its fun to keep you waiting in more than one way”

Sighing and clearly sexually frustrated after their steamy make out session, Tara finally got off Olivia. Making themselves presentable in the mirror they returned to their table, their faces burning as they past the other patrons. Not that any of them seemed even the slightest interest in the two of them leaving the ladies.

“So….you put a diuretic in my drink?”

“Yeah I know…..I couldn’t help myself. Like I said im really sorry”

“Don’t be….it was kind of hot, although next time just ask me. Where did you get them from anyway?”

“Oh….I….well I used to take them when I was a teenager as a dieting thing. Read about it online and you know what its like trying to impress the boys….or girls.”

“yeah, that can’t have been healthy for you though, are they safe” Olivia asked

“Yes, well in moderation. I probably used them too much….but for a different reason.” Tara's face flushed red again, despite Olivia being well aware of what she meant.

“You mean to make you desperate to pee?”

“Yes I mean making me desperate to pee, what else would there be Olivia” Tara said sarcastically.

“It wasn’t why I got them originally but you could say its how I got into this fetish. Soon I wasn’t using them for dieting but sexual pleasure, and like every horny teenager I used them way too much."

“So do you still have them?, do you ever take them now? Olivia asked, her interest peaked.

“Well, I do sometimes when I am really in the mood or if im with someone”

“Do you have them on you” Olivia asked slyly

“Uh yeah….” Tara took a small packet of tablets out of her purse. They just looked like paracetamol or any other tablet. Reading the back it clearly stated the safe dosage and effectiveness, one tablet every 4 hours but at least 8 hours before going to bed. So if she was given one at lunchtime, that was more than 6 hours ago, so the effects should have stopped by now.

Pouring two large glasses of water from the last of the pitcher she handed a glass Tara who had a slightly confused look on her face. She new Olivia was up to something.

Popping two of the tablets out of the packet Olivia held out one to Tara, raising an eyebrow.

“Wait, I don’t know….like they are pretty strong and we are in public” she said glancing around her.

“Hey, you gave me one earlier and I nearly wet myself right here about 10 minutes ago if you remember. And now you get to make it up to me”

“Well, shit” Tara replied taking the small tablet. “Karma is a bitch”

“A sexy desperate one” Olivia replied giggling as they both took their tablets and downed some water to cover their horrible taste.

“so now what, we just wait?” Tara asked

“We wait, have some fun and I make sure you keep drinking” She said, topping off Tara’s half empty glass.

“You are going to make me regret this aren’t you?” Tara half jokingly asked.

“Yes….but I’ll make it up to you later” Olivia said, patting her still empty bladder

“Speaking of, I’ll be right back”

Olivia returned a couple of minutes later.

“You have got to be kidding me, Olivia you cant expect us to drink all this”

Olivia was carrying a tray containing 4 large pitchers of liquid, beginning to lay them on the table between them.

Ignoring Tara’s comment Olivia continued to put them down

“We have, one Punk IPA pitcher, then whatever special craft ale he said they had, it looked like it had apples and lime on the picture, this is pear cider and finally this is just lemonade so we don’t get too drunk”

“I think im more worried about drowning than getting drunk at this point” Tara joked.

“We can totally do this. Plus im right there with you, and we are not going anywhere until all of this is drunk. So...” she said pouring a glass of beer for each other them. “Cheers!”

“im so going to regret this….but this had to be one of the hottest things we have done yet. So Cheers”

…

Two hours later the pair of brunettes had demolished their food and more than half the drink. As such, their bladders were starting to pay the price as their supercharged kidneys forced the alcohol through their bodies at breakneck speed. The desperation had set in quickly and now both were sat with the legs tightly crossed, bobbing them around under the table. Tara looked like she was in real trouble to Olivia, she had started sweating about half an hour ago, a sure sign that her body was going to great efforts to contain her bulging bladder.

Olivia was in desperate need too, but the last 5 weeks had greatly increased her capacity and she was loving the feeling of it combined with the site of her desperate lover across the table. She wasn’t sure if it was the alcohol or the sheer erotic nature of everything making her do it but leaning over the table she grabbed the half full pitcher and poured the rest of it into her and Tara’s glasses. She was playing a dangerous game but she was loving it too much.

“Olivia…I cant, im so desperate right now.” Tara almost whimpered as waves of pressure overcame her.

“You know the deal, we cant leave until we finish all of these” Olivia responded

“I cant, I just cant Olivia... Im seriously about to piss myself right now. She hissed. "That diuretic we took is crazy strong and my bladder is so bloated." Lifting her shirt Olivia could see she was right, it was pressing inches out of her slim body, a thought that made Olivia wet with anticipation.

“Wow, that’s big, you are not lying.” Olivia craved to touch it, to gently press and watch as Tara fought to contain herself. Her daydream doing nothing to stop her body responding to the sexy scenes.

“But….you seem to be doing better than me” Tara said, which was true although Olivia wouldn’t say she was doing well.

“So, whats your point?”

“How about, if you really want me to drink all of this, you have to have two glasses for every one that I drink? Otherwise I don’t think I’ll made it out of here dry." Tara said, still clutching at herself.

“Wait, you want me to drink twice as much as you?”

“Yes, because I know you can hold it so much better than me, and it would drive me crazy to know you were drinking that much because of me…..which I will also make sure to repay you for later tonight” Tara said with a wink.

“Well…I suppose, I know I can hold more. But If I do this, you have to do something for me and I still haven’t totally forgiven you for the trick you pulled at work”

“Ok….what do I have to do?”

“I don’t know, you will just owe me a favour”

Tara’s bladder pulsed painfully inside her, signalling just how close she was to disaster and making up her mind for her “Ok, Ok, what ever but can we do this quickly.”

Olivia smiled, picking up her glass she ignored the shouts of protest from her bladder as she started to chug the beer quickly. It was driving her mad chugged drink after drink, feeling her stomach and bladder swell out more and more as each second passed. Sitting opposite she was in awe of how tightly Tara was crossing her legs, breathing heavily as she forced more liquid into her body which was well beyond its normal capacity.

Olivia could feel her body reacting to Tara’s desperate dance, she watched as she squirmed in her seat, rocking her torso slightly as the need to pee escalated within her. Tara’s skirt riding up and revealing her upper legs, tensing rhythmically as she fought wave after wave of desperation. Each moment that passed as she drank slowly felt like an eternity to both of them. Despite her protests, Olivia could see Tara’s nipples again, she was clearly enjoying this. Being forced to drink more and more even as her bladder fought her for control, it was almost like she was being dominated by Olivia, who also hadn’t broken eye contact the whole time.

Olivia was right, the current situation was making Tara wet between her legs, but not with pee. Writhing in her seat she couldn’t help but feel overcome with lust, as Olivia watched her squirm in her seat forcing her to drink. She was about to explode and yet she kept drinking to satisfy her lovers demands and up the ante for the both of them. The more she drank the more Olivia drank and while she might be close to peeing herself right now, she knew that in the long run Olivia would be too.

She was counting the drinks, double for Olivia and she had to have drunk far more than her already today, a thought that made her full of sexual anticipation for the desperate show that she knew was going to happen when all this drinking caught up to the still confident looking women opposite. Tara had noticed the subtle signs, crossing her legs tightly, foot tapping and even the occasional squeeze of her crotch, she was desperate and soon Olivia would be pissing herself just like she was trying not too. The mental image of Olivia peeing forcefully in her work slacks made her moan involuntarily.

Clutching her bulging stomach Olivia could feel the pressure mounting inside her as she kept drinking. If they didn’t leave soon she was really starting to worry that both of them wouldn’t make it home dry. Finally she looked at the pitcher, just 1 glass left. Reaching over to grab it and pour it for herself she was surprised when the sweating Tara shook her head.

“No….ill take that last one”

“Are you sure, you have had a lot?” Olivia asked, it was her turn to be concerned.

“Its ok,” she pored the contents into her glass.

“But this means you still owe me two more glasses” Tara said pointing to the half full pitcher of water still sittingon the table

“Wait what, you cant be serious? I could have just finished that and we could have left”

“I am, and you could have. But this is more fun” she said smiling and sliding the pitcher towards Olivia. Tara knew she was in trouble, but her desire to fill Olivia up even more overpowered her common sense.

Locking eyes Olivia could sense the sheer lust and desire radiating out of Tara. They were as desperate for each other touch as they were the bathroom. Their libidos un checked she was sure that if they were alone they would already be ripping each others clothes off right here right now. Maintaining eye contact Olivia didn’t pour another glass, instead she grabbed the whole jug and lifted it to her lips and started chugging. Water pouring down her throat, some spilling around the sides of her mouth as she drank. Her body kept telling her to stop but it was being overpowered as she stared into Tara’s eyes and kept chugging out of the massive container.

Tara almost came when she realised what Olivia was doing, her eyes going cross eyed as she felt an orgasm build within her. Without touching herself just like last month she could feel it, the pleasure radiating out of her womanhood which was currently threatening to overwhelm her as she watched the show Olivia was putting on. Each second she watched her drink and drink never looking away from Tara, who was now in real danger, if she had an orgasm she was defiantly going to pee herself. Stifling a moan she tried to control her breathing, but that only slowed and didn’t stop the waves of pleasure. Finally Olivia finished chugging and Tara managed to stop herself from going over the edge, but she was so close, even the slightest of touches in the wrong place would threaten to throw her over the edge.

“Holy shit….I almost came” She said breathlessly. Closing her eyes trying to regain some more composure.

“Really” Olivia laughed. “Well, im glad you enjoyed my show. Now lets get out of here before that catches up with me”

Tara stood with effort, grasping herself she felt her muscles tremble within her, threatening to let her bladders contents out at any second. She grabbed herself, “Fuck, not yet" she moaned, commanding her body to obey as she bore down on her muscles and clamped her legs together. After coming so close to an orgasm moments ago she felt the same feeling building within her once again. Her hand buried her crotch sending waves of pleasure by simply pressing on her crotch. This was the most desperate she could ever remember being in her life, but it seemed that her need to pee was now directly linked with her arousal. Any and all touches sending simultaneous waves of pleasure and pain throughout her entire body. She could feel her legs becoming weak.

“No No…not in here” Olivia said, grabbing her arm and almost marching the desperate Tara out of the building.

“Shit, I don’t think I can make it to your place, in fact I don’t think I can make it anywhere” Tara almost cried. Breathing shallow, her face red and sweating with effort as the two of them stood on the pavement.

“Well, I have some bad news, it seems the city is grid locked”

“What!” Tara said loudly, looking around for the first time Olivia was right. They were surrounded by bumper to bumper traffic.

“Oooh god Olivia what are we going to do” A look of anguish now on the brunettes flushed face.

“Tara, we are going to walk and you are going to keep your bladder contained” She commanded. Olivia didn’t know if it would work, but she really wanted to get Tara back home in her current state and have some fun with her in the privacy of her room.

“Ok, but can we please go to mine, its closer. Its like 10 minutes away” Tara asked, her jaw clenched shut as she spoke.

“Sure, but you will have to tell me how to get there”

“Cross the road and through the park. There is a coffee stand at the other end and we go left at it and then we should be almost there”

Olivia had to almost drag the desperate Tara across the street, each step sending shock waves through the two ladies bladders as they fought desperately to keep their clothes dry. High heels had been a bad choice to wear today, Olivia knew something like this was going to happen tonight but figured it would be a lot later in the night than this. The diuretics had sped up the nights desperation considerably, it wasn't even dark yet.

A couple of minutes later Olivia had to stop in her tracks and put a hand between her legs as the desperation peaked for a moment. The extra exertion of pulling Tara along taking its toll. Closing her eyes and clenching any and every muscles that would respond to her, she could feel her bladder tremble inside her abdomen but it was still obeying her. Although after 6 weeks of this, she knew that feeling all to well and it meant she was close to the end.

“Olivia….I…..” a pitiful whimper escaped from Tara who was trailing behind her slightly. Eyes closed and legs tightly crossed she had both hands pressing against her crotch. The bulge in her abdomen clear even through her loose shirt. The sight of just how desperate Tara was, as well as her own current state was too much for Olivia, she suddenly felt light headed and desperately tried to control her heart rate that was climbing quickly. She needed to be the calm one or neither would make it home with the bladders still full.

“Olivia…” Tara whimpered again, causing Olivia to almost faint, this had to be the most erotic thing that had ever happened to her. To hear a beautiful and desperate woman whimper her name on the edge of a public accident, it was too much. The night of foreplay and watching each other get desperate had put them both on the edge.

Stepping closer to her, Olivia kissed her on the lips softly. It lasted just a moment but it seemed to last an eternity for Tara who was still writhing in desperation. She was breathless, her muscles trembling and legs shaking from her desperate need to pee and sexual frustration. The bulge in her abdomen was clearly touching something sensitive inside her, each step putting weight on it and sending massive waves of pleasure crashing through her body. Even with just her hands pressed to her crotch she could feel her body’s pleasure rising again.

“Come on lets go” Olivia said, almost breathless as her own body responded to the scene in front of it. She watched as Tara remained rooted to the spot, writhing in desperation.

“I can’t I’ll piss myself, or cum im not sure anymore which one is worse anymore” Tara convulsed again, letting out a moan as another wave of pleasure and pain filled her body.

“Come on you can do this, its just a few more minutes” Despite the motivation Olivia could see that Tara’s whole body was trembling with effort, she really was just moments away from peeing herself in the middle of the park. Olivia was desperate to get her home, she longed to touch her, to hold her close and…

“Oh shit, Oh shit, Oh shit…Oooh” Tara moaned loudly, balling her hands into fists and crushing them into her crotch. A single drop of pee rolled down her slender legs.

“Oh, no…. its coming” she whimpered again, this time doubling over in pain as a small river of pee shot out from between her clenched muscles. Splattering against the ground noisily.

“Oh no, Olivia... you have to help me” she looked at her, pleading with her eyes that showed her true panic at the situation.

“What do you want me to do, you can do this Tara. Just hold on a few more minutes” She tried to motivate her again, but she knew it was futile.

Another groan escaped between Tara’s pursed lips, her bloated bladder now burning. It had felt the first moments of release and it was fighting hard to do it again. Olivia, couldn’t take it any more, she couldn't watch this happen, she had to feel Tara against her.

Stepping forwards she placed a hand against Tara’s still buried in her crotch. The extra pressure forcing the pleasure to double in an instant, making Tara moan again, this time in sheer pleasure.

Realising just how public this was did nothing to stop either woman, but putting a hand on Tara's shoulder she guided the desperate woman off the main path and behind some trees. She had wanted to get Tara home but there was no chance of that happening, she knew that but she just couldn’t control her lust for the young brunette anymore. She stood there hunched over and legs wet with the pee she had already failed to contain, her tights reflecting the light of the liquid for all to see.

Coming up behind Tara again, she placed a hand on her face, turning it to kiss passionately while her other hand slowly made its way down to Tara’s crotch. In response Tara removed her hands from between her scissoring legs. The momentary loss of support leading to another spurt of pee shooting out from between her legs, a sudden hiss as it instantly forced its way through her underwear and tights. Olivia quickly put her hand back where Tara’s had been and pressed hard, a louder moan escaped Tara. Her underwear was so wet, Olivia was in heaven. she started to slowly rub her hand against Tara, while groping one of her breasts with the other. Olivia could still feel Tara clenching her muscles as she still fought to contain her distended bladder.

“Do you have to pee” Olivia said hungrily into her ear.

“Yes” Tara whimpered quietly, her muscles burning in effort.

Olivia pulled her closer, forcefully pressing her body against Tara, longing to feel her hot sweaty body against hers.

“Or do you want to come?”, she started moving her hand faster, rubbing against Tara’s black satin panties. A lustful and desperate moan escaped Tara’s lips, despite being hidden from view anyone on the path could defiantly have heard that. Part of Olivia would find it even hotter if someone was to walk in on their depraved act in a public park. She just couldn’t handle this, her body was burning up.

Not getting a response from Tara, she made up her mind for her.

“I want you to come for me Tara”

“Oh god” Tara’s mouth opened wide, but any moan seemed to catch in her throat.

“Come for me Tara” Olivia commanded again, her hand moving quicker and harder against the brunette.

“Shit” Tara chocked, her breathing becoming harder and harder as her orgasm built, heightened by her desperate need to pee and their public surroundings.

Olivia pressed her body harder against the younger woman, squeezing the two of them together. Her own bladder pulsing at the added weight and causing pleasure to shoot through her body as well. Her face contorted by lustful desire, she had to have this.

“Oh shit… im gonna come” Tara whimpered as Olivia felt both their bodies getting hotter as Tara convulsed into her.

“Come for me Tara” Olivia said huskily, playfully biting Tara on the neck while squeezing one of her breasts and pressing hard on her crotch with the other. Tara was now Gyrating against her hand, forcing her body to press harder on Olivia’s hand. Sweat was soaking through her thin shirt and running off her tired and abused body.

“Yes…yes…yes…Oh god” Olivia could feel Tara’s body start to tremble against hers, this time with pure pleasure as she ground her hand into it.

“I want you to come Tara”

“FUCK!..., im gonna…..im gonnna” Tara’s mouth agape as her eyes rolled back into her head. Pleasure taking control of her completely.

“Now pee for me” Olivia commanded, unsure If even register before the world collapsed for Tara. She was overcome by a mind blowing orgasm as Olivia still ground her hand roughly against her. Pee burst forward out of her, only heightening the pleasure she was experiencing. It thundered out of her as Olivia still pressed against her, the wetness spreading against her legs as Olivia’s hand was still grinding her pussy. The loud hiss of the pee only covered by the panting and heavy breathing both women were making, intertwined as Tara came harder than she had ever done before in her life.

Knees bucking wildly as if trying to fuck Olivia’s hand even harder, her head was in a haze. “Fuuuuuccccckkkkkkkk” she yelled as the waves of pleasure continued to sweep through her body. Every nerve in her body seemed to be on fire as it convulsed, overwhelmed by the sensations of everything that was happening to it. Pee still sprayed out of her, drenching her satin panties and spraying everywhere due to the sheer force her bladder was emptying itself against Olivia's hand.

Olivia was pressing herself hard against Tara, her hand gripping Tara’s pussy hard and masturbating the beautiful woman. As Tara started to cum, she felt the pee burst through her hand. “Fuck” she breathed to herself, this was by far the most erotic thing she had ever done. She could feel her pulse race as she pulled the younger woman into her tightly and still she ground her hand into her womanhood. She could feel Tara’s heart rate explode within her chest, her breathing ragged as the orgasm overcame her.

Olivia wasn’t far behind, the sheer sexual nature of what she was doing to Tara driving her mad with lust, turning her lover into putty in her hands as she pissed herself was almost too much. As she pulled Tara tight against her, she could feel the extra strain on her bladder as their hot burning bodies pressed together. She wanted nothing more than to let the desperate piss out right now and cum, joining Tara in her eternal bliss. But she couldn’t do that, if she could hold it she would and it would make it all the hotter later on tonight. Imagining what would happen later made her even wetter with arousal, her hand started moving quicker again against Tara as if masturbating herself through the other woman,

Tara’s body was still shaking as she felt Olivia pick up the pace on her pussy again. Still she peed, the diuretic had pumped her bladder so full of liquid it was taking an age to empty. Her orgasm was still happening too, it had been more than 20 seconds, the longest orgasm of her life as the pleasure still didn’t abate at all as her piss rushed through her body. Olivia’s new found passion did nothing to help, each new rub of her now so sensitive organ sending renewed waves of pleasure throughout her body. “Please…..” she whispered out, unable to speak louder than a mouse. Her eyes still closed as her body went onto its tip toes, back arching as her orgasm continued. “Fuck….” She whined as Olivia continues her rubbing, playing with the young woman and showing no mercy.

“Oh god!” Her body bucked wildly again as her legs spasmed, pressing her even tighter into Olivia's grip. Even tough the pleasure hadn’t reduced it felt to her as if she was starting to come all over again. “Fuck…..Fuck……Fuck” she was still whimpering in pure pleasure. Tara’s legs spasmed wildly once more as her pleasure peaked again as she almost blacked out, her exhausted body unable to take it any more as she sank to her knees. Now crouched panting and still cumming she was surrounded by the massive puddle of pee she was still adding too. The floor now so wet, the sound of water falling into water had replaced the thudding noise of it falling onto the ground.

Olivia could feel Tara start to cum again, before her body fell out of her grasp, sinking slowly to the floor. She looked at the exhausted and pleasure filled beauty in front of her. Her hair matted and sticking to her sweat drenched skin as she still peed. Her once nice clothes bedraggled and dishevelled after her intense desperation and orgasms. Fuck, she wanted to cum so badly.

Finally after another 30 seconds the loud hiss coming from Tara stopped as her bladder was finally empty. Yet Tara still crouched there, panting heavily with her eyes shut. The world still black to her, as she opened her eyes to look at the still foggy world she could see Olivia with both hands between her legs again.

“Holy Shit Olivia...”

"Im so wet right now, in both ways" She panted.

Finally after regaining the strength in her legs she stood slowly. Looking at the massive puddle she couldn’t believe shad had held so much.

“We need to get home now, because now I have two needs that we need to sort out” Olivia said, a lustful, a dominant look in her eyes once again.

Clutching her severely overextended bladder she started to walk back to the path with the still cum drunk and dazed Tara following.

Six minutes later the pair barged through Tara’s front door, already lip locked and clawing at each other. Olivia tore Tara’s shirt off, revealing she was right, she hand’t worn a bra today. This exposed Tara’s chest perfectly as she grabbed one of her breasts and started suck on it, their mouths taking a break from each other as they backed into the room. Breathless despite just having an orgasm Tara’s sexual appetite returned almost instantly. Guiding Olivia to her bed, she pushed her backwards onto it.

“OOOH, SHIT” Olivia yelled in pain.

“Oh, no im sorry was there something on the bed”

“No, but that almost broke my bladder, I really need to piss Tara”

Tara’s legs went weak again, but this time it was her moment to move in. placing one knee between Olivia's legs to stop them closing she knelt above her, grabbing Olivia's belt and popping it open while kissing her firmly. Without looking she slowly undid Olivia’s shirt, moving onto her trousers all the while maintaining their locked lips as Olivia writhed in desperation beneath her. Olivia’s chest rising and falling as she panted, struggling to breath between the kisses and exertion of her body.

Finally looking down to pull her own pants off, Tara was shocked at the sheer size of Olivia’s bladder. She looked almost 7 months pregnant, the litres of pee pumped through her body and into a bladder that now stuck massively out of her slender frame.

"Oh god you are so full, how are you holding this much."Tara exclaimed.

“Shut up and Fuck me!” was Olivia's response.

Tara's awestruck nature instantly replaced with raw erotic desire again, she tore the remaining clothes off both of them leaving them naked on her bed. Her hunger growing as she looked down at the whale of a bladder that was in front of her. Watching as the slim and beautiful Olivia laid on her bed battling with a bladder that was almost as big as a melon. She had to have her, right now. She quickly laid onto of Olivia, compressing her lovers bladder as she moved a hand to begin stroking Olivia.

“AAAAH!” a scream shot out as the pressure within Olivia more than doubled, the added weight of Tara almost causing her to pass out in pain and pleasure simultaneously, feeling a hand against her crotch brought her back, only the pleasure remaining.

Her scream did nothing but drive Tara wild, now pressing her body against Olivia she could heel the heat of her bladder against her and all the muscles tensing rhythmically in her thighs,

“Oh god you are do wet” Her hand had been met with glistening skin, but she was sure Olivia hadn’t leaked. Tara pressed her hand harder and moved it quicker as she locked lips with the writhing woman beneath her. Olivia’s body was swaying from side to side as if trying to throw her off her full to the brim bladder.

“I….” was all Olivia could get out breathlessly between Tara's lips. She could feel a wave of pleasure building inside her, her body burning and trembling with delight as Tara pressed harder against her. She had never felt like this before and it just kept building. It felt as if her whole body was about to explode, not just her bladder which was still crying out for relief.

“Im…..” she tried again. Her body demanding release of two kinds, it was driving her crazy. A stabbing pain shot through the pleasure radiating out of her bladder. She groaned loudly into Tara’s mouth.

Feeling Olivia moan into her was making Tara heat up all over again. Taking her hand she slowly inserted a finger into Olivia who arms shot out and crabbed the bed as her back arched. A hiss filled the room for a moment as pee leaked out of her. Tara felt her fingers instantly gripped with a vice like force trapping them where they were inside Olivia. It felt like nothing neither of them had experienced before. Olivia so desperate to pee, having just leaked but now being filled with someone else's fingers was feeding her growing pleasure.

Despite the grip Tara managed to bend her finger, something that made Olivia instantly shout in pleasure

“OH SHIT” Olivia cried out as her body bucked against Tara’s. She could see stars as she instantly became light headed. The pleasure in her body almost unbearable as Tara accidentally found her G spot. She clamped her legs together around Tara's hand, the pleasure spike causing her muscles to spasm inside her. “Oh shit” she whispered gain, her eyes closed in concentration as she fought to contain her bladder.

Tara wasn’t far behind her, despite desperately wanting to get Olivia off and give her the most mind bending orgasm ever, she just couldn’t handle what was going on. Her other hand quickly moving to her own crotch and she started to slowly grind against it. Now she too was panting and sweating from arousal, the two women's bodies glistening with sweat as they wrestled with desire. Tara wanted to go faster, she knew she was only moments away from having another incredible orgasm but she more than that she wanted them to orgasm together, at the same time.

Olivia felt like she was about to burst at any moment, her compacted bladder shaking as she started to grind into Tara’s hand. Opening her eyes she could see Tara was fingering herself now too, god it was so hot to watch her pleasure herself. Despite her current situation she couldn’t help but still play with her mentally.

Oh god, I feel like im about to explode Tara, im so full”

It wasn't a lie, but It had the desired effect as she saw the slim woman's body start to convulse again. Just the sentence had almost sent Tara over the top, her body starting to cum without her permission. She fought it every step of the way, just stopping short of an actual orgasm as she edged herself. Gasping in effort she added another two fingers into Olivia, returning the favour and watching the squirming woman's chest rise and fall as she panted in pleasure.

“Fuck…I cant” Another spurt of pee escaped Olivia’s tortured body, hitting Tara’s legs. The feeling was unbelievable, Olivia couldn’t take this any longer she had to come. No more playing games, she grabbed Tara’s hand and forced it deeper inside her. Tara was now pushing her hand in before removing it almost entirely, a move she had learned from Olivia to maximise pleasure.

“Yes!” Olivia moaned, her body shaking and pulsing all over. Tara’s finger penetrating her deeply and causing wave after wave of pleasure to overcome her, each time she pulled out the desperation would replace the pleasure, with nothing to help her hold it in. She was in a constantly shifting state of pleasure and pain, another spurt of pee forced its way past her muscles and sprayed against Tara’s hand.

Tara shifted her position, now ling entirely on Olivia, she could feel the bladder pulse beneath her in response. A near constant leak started to escape Olivia as she moaned in effort and pleasure of controlling her body. Tara leaned in again as they kissed passionately, both women moaning and panting into each others mouths.

Olivia was on fire, pulses of pain and pleasure erupting throughout her body, Tara brushed her G spot again causing her to spray piss across the bed at her, pleasure overwhelming her in what felt like an instant miniature orgasm.

“Im gonna!” Olivia shouted as more fireworks went off in her head Her body thrusting upwards into the air as her back arched, lifting Tara off the bed and putting almost all the weight of her on Olivia’s bladder. It screamed at her as it finally burst forwards, unable to take no more.

“Im cumming!” she yelled into the room as her orgasm started. Waves of more intense pleasure than she had felt in her life encapsulated her body as she came, simultaneously starting to piss full force onto Tara. Her body convulsed still trusting into the air as Tara rode her bladder. Tara continued to finger her through the torrent of piss, causing wave after wave of never ending pleasure to wash over Olivia.

Tara was right behind her, now grinding her bare pussy directly against Olivia's bulging bladder. As Olivia arched her back raising her off the bed slightly the added pressure against her caused Tara's pleasure to peak at the same time. Desperately rubbing herself against Olivia she Came, her head falling back, “Fuck meeeee!” she moaned in pleasure as the Beautiful women came together.

Despite her head being filled with still orgasmic clouds of haze she could feel Tara’s pussy spasming against her bare skin, something else that was causing her cum. Her orgasm and Piss continuing unabated, it seemed impossible to her but both were seemingly still increasing in force. Every moment caused her bladder to be crushed under the weight of Tara and her organising body, it felt like all her muscles were contracting inside her. The orgasm shaking her body to its core and destroying her mind as Olivia's eyes rolled back and she finally let her body explode in pleasure.

She was overcome with a feeling far more intense than anything she thought possible. She couldn’t even shout or speak, instead just short abrasive noises and whimpering noises escaped her as she found pure ecstasy. Her pee still thundering out of her abused bladder, while her body shook and convulsed. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she finally collapsed back onto the bed, panting heavily. It took a while but finally she returned back to the room, the naked Tara led beside her, covered in her pee and sweat. Her second orgasm apparently tiring her out, she was asleep on her now drenched bed.

Olivia could hardly believe what she had just felt, her body was still peeing although she was now too numb to notice. She went to pick up her head, but her body was just to exhausted to manage even that. Staring up at the ceiling she somehow fell into a restful sleep.

…….

Tara woke slowly, it was only just light outside as the morning sun shone through her blinds. Still groggy from the night before it took a few moments before she heard the hiss coming from beside her and felt the immense pressure within her.

Stifling a moan she doubled over clutching her massively bloated bladder. Apparently the rest of the liquid from last night had made it through her system in the night. She was moments from exploding, how had she not woken up earlier with this pain. How had Olivia not done so either, clutching her bladder the hissing noise registering in her brain again. Looking beside her Olivia was peeing forcefully in her sleep, still led on her back Tara could easily see her giant bladder releasing itself, it was just as big as last night and yet she slept soundly.

Tara couldn’t help it again, there was just something about this woman that drove her crazy. Instantly wet with arousal she began to masturbate, watching Olivia pee herself. The warmth of her pee had coated the bed again, dripping onto the floor and pooling across the room. Despite their passionate night just a few hours earlier she was wetter than ever as she fingered herself. Quickly she rolled onto her stomach and bladder, facing down on the bed, it doubled the pressure and she started to leak almost instantly. Clenching her muscles but still allowing her fingers slide in and out it took mere moments for her to cum again. Screaming in pleasure into her pillow she bucked wildly as she pissed herself again. Her pee joining the massive and still growing puddle soaking into her bed. Sighing and relaxing her body sagged into the wet and warm mattress, she relished the feeling of it against her naked skin.

She really needed to get some protective sheets if Olivia was going to come around more often she thought to herself as she drifted back off to sleep, still peeing.

1 day to go

Despite their love of a full bladder, both Tara and Olivia had taken it easy over the last week in preparation for the rematch. They were both all to aware of the impact a long hold can have on a bladder and Olivia wanted to be on tip top fighting condition. Even though they couldn't practice their desperation, their sex life had continued as it had before, leading to them staying over at Olivia's against last night.

"Good morning Tara" she said, still naked from the night before but drying her hair with a towel. Tara felt kind of sad to have missed the chance to shower with her, but after realising what day it was she couldn't help but get excited.

"So today's the day then" She responded

"Yeah, cant wait to get it started"

"You worried about it at all?"

"No, well...Im kind of worried about having an orgasm on live TV" Olivia joked.

"Oh...go, why do you always do this to me" Tara said, lying back in bed and covering her face with a pillow.

"What...cant handle the idea of me standing their being pumped fuller and fuller with water. No control over it as me and 5 other women get desperate and then piss ourselves on live TV?"

"Yes...." was all Tara responded through the pillow.

Olivia laughed, ripping the pillow away from Tara. "Come on, you need to get ready"

"Yeah, I guess I should"

"Oh and maybe finger yourself in the shower, cant have you cumming in the crowd either"

"Geeeez..." Tara exclaimed loudly "And I thought I was the crude one"

"What can I say, your RUBBING OFF, on me"

Groaning at the Pun, Tara went into the shower and a few minutes later the loud moans from the bathroom told Olivia she had taken her advice, but it did nothing for her state of mind.

Getting dressed she picked out a nice figure hugging tight black leather dress. Despite being tight to begin with she was sure it still had enough flexibility to let her bladder grow, while also clinging to it and hopefully driving Tara crazy in the crowd.

Picturing Tara watching her, Olivia wasn't sure if she wanted to do this because of the money or simply because of Tara. Either way she was going to go for broken and last as long as possible just like last time. But this time she would win, assuming the idiots that cost her victory last time didn't make the same mistake.

They were the first ones to arrive a the film studio, their excitement getting the better of their timings. Walking around for a little bit outside they made small talk. before a staff member appeared and took Olivia inside. Since only contestants were allowed inside Tara waved her goodbye and went to the audience entrance.

Amanda was the next to arrive, the pair made small talk about what they had been up too since the last show. Olivia chose to leave the bladder bursting sex out of it, talking more about her job. Despite the anticipation she still felt slightly tired, the rampant sex making of the last week catching up to her. After telling Amanda she was going to grab a coffee she was surprised to see the other woman joining her. Amanda seemed extremely confident for someone who didn't even make the top three last time.

A short while later the other contestants arrived and they were ushered onto the stage, the game was about to start and Olivia found herself strangely longing to be the weakest link.

....

Thank you or reading again. I hope you all enjoyed the second half of Olivia's "Training" if you can even call it that.

Next up is our last contestant and the winner of the games Alex!

It should be back to a bit more of a "normal" chapter with her. So to anyone who isn't a massive fan of this style of things sorry, but It was fun to write and hopefully the next one will be back to your liking.

*044*2020-02-20 03:11

Here is the next chapter, it took a bit longer to finish up than I planned.

Like with Olivia I've decided to split this in two parts as well.

Share the love between our two finalists from the quiz.

Chapter 14: Plane sailing (Alex, Part 1.)

Alex was amazed she had won, she had beaten off the competition of Olivia and the other women by just seconds. It had been hard for her mentally and physically, but she had done it. A constant need to pee and incessant cramping for 24 hours after the show made her realise just how far she had pushed her body. Almost 6 litres of water had been contained within her bladder, a feat that should have been impossible for anyone.

Despite the misery of the 24 hours after, it had started to sink in that she had won and won big. £21,180 was more money than she had ever had in one go and from one nights work! Yes It had been sheer agony, but that just made her even more determined to enjoy the money. So, less than 48 hours after the win, she had already come up with the perfect plan of how to spend it and was putting it into motion.

2 months in Australia for her and her 3 best friends, it was going to be amazing! They had been talking about this plan for years, but money, work and other priorities had seen it pushed back again and again. But this time, there were not excuses since she was going to pay for the travel, the other three just had to have enough to eat, drink and have fun. An arrangement that they all quickly agreed to.

6 weeks to go until the rematch

Just 5 days after winning, Alex was pulling up to Heathrow Airport ready to start her adventure, she couldn’t help but smile as she caught sight of the front doors through the taxi windows. A big clock on the entrance showed it was now 6.45am, the early flight was the only non-stop flight she could find and while it was early it would save so much hassle. Alex was sure to get to the airport early enough to be the first here and meet the girls when they arrived, taking a selfie at the Quantas airline poster she shared it in their holiday group. A flurry of excited emoji’s followed, it seemed all her friends were just as excited as she was.

The first to arrive was Carla, the pair of them had met at university when they were paired together during freshers. Carla had been in her 3rd year and had really helped the newbie Alex find her feet, and the best bars. Carla was 4 years older than Alex having taken a gap year before she started herself, but despite that the two got on like a house on fire right from the start. They had become inseparable and Carla’s confidence had defiantly helped Alex come out of her shell. Spotting each other, the pair of dark brunettes ran across the lobby towards each other, embracing in a much-missed hug, chaotic work schedules had meant it had been a while since they had a good catch up.

“Careful there, you could have given your self a black eye” Alex joked about her friends rather ample breasts that were currently barely contained in a white string vest, paired with some faded denim jeans.

“Oh, You can talk, and you know you love it” Carla replied, grabbing the shorter Alex in a loose headlock. “Besides, if we are going to be stuck on and plane for almost 20 hours gotta let the girls be free”. She said with a slight shake of the torso for added affect.

“Let go of me” Alex laughed, their relationship was much more like sibling rivalry that just friendship. Finally being let go of, Alex stood up again.

“Is that all you have?” pointing at the small suitcase between them.

“Yeah, its Australia, who needs clothes when you can have Bikini’s and flip flops.”

“True, although I hope you have some shoes in there” Alex replied

“I mean” Carla looked down at her feet, wiggling them in her walking boots.

“So flip flops or hiking boots, you really are a women of extremes”

“What can I say” Carla said putting an arm around Alex “Now I need a coffee”

The pair walked off in search of some caffeine, with Carla demanding to pay for their drinks, they came back holding medium americano’s. The number of the prepubescent looking Starbucks cashier scrawled across Carla’s cup.

“I can’t believe he wrote his number on the cup, do you flirt with every man you see”

“if you got it, Flaunt it” Carla said this time shaking her chest more violently at Alex.

“You are going to get us in so much trouble” she responded, looking around for anyone watching.

“What…its an airport im sure they have seen much weirder things”

“No, I meant in Australia”

“Oh….for sure” she winked

Their small talk was interrupted by both their phones vibrating.

“Oh, that’s Megan” Alex said holding up her phone

“And I’ve got Charlie?” Carla said showing her screen too.

Rounding the corner of the lobby they could see the pair of them stood together. It seemed they had met up while they were getting coffee’s. Megan was another brunette although much fairer, while Charlie was the odd one of the bunch with bright blonde hair.

Megan was one of Alex’s friend from school, they had grown up together and while they hadn’t always got along to begin with, once they had spent some time together in secondary school they realised how much they had in common. Apparently including their dress sense, they couldn’t help buy laugh realising they had pretty much worn the exact same outfit. Black Vann’s, loose fitting and multicoloured cotton trousers, paired with a dark green blouse. The only difference seemed to be that Alex’s trousers had black sun icons on while Megan had Black Elephants.

“Awww, isn’t that cute, they match” Carla Joked.

“Twiinnnsssiiees” Charlie said excitedly.

Charlie was one of Carla’s classmates from University too. The pair had been together since day one because everything seemed to be done alphabetically by first names. Thankfully, they were both outgoing enough and became fast friends. A couple of times they had been more than that after a drunken night out, but neither considered each other in that way. Charlie was the tallest of the group, currently wearing a pair of skin tight grey yoga pants and a black tank top, she too was drawing a lot of attention from passer’s by. While her chest was significantly smaller than Carla’s her symmetrical face, athletic build and long legs more than made up for it.

“Long time no see Megan” Carla said hugging her. Thankfully for Alex all four of them had been friends for a few years now, it had felt slightly odd mixing home friends and Uni friends but after a number of nights out and drinking games they were all now just friends and made a formidable foursome.

“So, shall we check in?” Alex asked.

The trip through security was easier than most, the early flight meant that there were not too many other people at the airport. Thankfully, none of the girls found themselves being randomly selected for a patdown, giving them plenty of time in departures.

“So what about breakfast? We have some time” Megan asked once they had all regrouped.

“yes, Im starving. I only just woke up before getting in the cab” Carla replied enthusiastically.

“Starbucks, McDonalds or Burger king?” Alex asked, going off what seemed to be open and around them.

“Starbucks” the four of them said almost simultaneously.

The next hour passed quickly, the four friends catching each other up on their lives of the last year or so since they had all met up. It was amazing how quickly they got back into everything, it felt like had never been apart. Finishing off their coffees and breakfast rolls they stood to make their way to their gate.

Megan caught sight of the sign for bathrooms as they were sorting their carry on's out “Im just going to go and find the Ladies before we board”

“Yeah, I should probably go too, I didn’t get a chance to go this morning”

“You really did just get out of bed and get in the taxi didn’t you Clara” replied Alex. “But its probably not a bad idea, our last chance for a stationary pee”

Boarding the plane a short while later, the four made their way to their seats. Alex had booked them all in a row, she just hoped whoever was the random person joining them wasn’t going to be too bad. As long as they wern't constantly hitting on them, someone with a crying baby, a snorer or about half a dozen other things, Alex would be ok with it. Who knows, it could be a hot guy and she would be the one hitting on him. Although the version of her in her own head had a lot more confidence than she did outwardly.

“Here we go, 32 A to F,” Alex said.

Looking down she was surprised to see the two seats on the right covered with some sort of cardboard covers, were they broken? Her heart was starting to sink, what were they going to do, they couldn’t just take someone else’s seats. Would they be asked to re-book on another flight?

Thankfully a flight attendant appeared, speaking with a heavy Irish accident the green eyed woman apologised.

“Sorry, one of the passengers on the last flight had a bit of an accident.” Looking at the faces of disgust that must have come over the girls and the other passengers nearby she realised her mistake. “Sorry, I mean its been cleaned completely but the seats are still wet. There is a tight turn around on these flights so we haven’t had chance to let it dry. But there is some good news, I’ve been told to upgrade the two who would be sat here to business class.”

“OOH, that’s us!” Charlie said excitedly pointing at her and Alex.

“Well, if you two can follow us I’ll take you to your seats”

“Thank you” Alex replied.

Charlie was a bit less polite to her friends. “See you later peasants” she shouted. It had been aimed at just Megan and Carla, but Alex couldn’t help but burn red with embarrassment as a number of other passengers looked over at the pair of them.

Their new seats were amazing, leg room, inbuilt game consoles and more films than you could possibly want to watch on one flight, even one this long. Alex excitedly flicked through them all, only for the on board safety announcement to replace them on the screen. It was almost time for take off.

....

It had been a while since the plane rumbled off the tarmac back in England. So far Alex had watched the live action remakes of jungle book and Aladin and started to watch the latest star wars film, but there was only so much screen watching you can do in one sitting. Next to her, Charlie had similarly watched a few films but was now using the shopping app to mindlessly surf through the items available to them. A rumble from Alex’s stomach was met almost immediately by the sight of the lunch kart coming towards them.

“Hi ladies, would you like the Chicken, Fish or Vegetarian option today?” The smiling air stewardess asked.

“Um, can I have the vegetarian option please” Alex responded, immediately handed a large tray of food. It looked a lot better than most of the food she’d had in the past on planes. “Ill have the fish please” Her friend responded, also being handed a large tray with what looked like an entire fish on.

“Do you have any drinks?” Charlie asked.

“Yes, we have red and white wine, still or sparkling water and a selection of soda pop’s.”

“How much is the white wine?”

The airstewardess couldn’t help but smile, a real one this time

“In business class the drinks are complementary”

“You mean they are free!” Charlie almost stuttered in excitement about this new revelation.

“Yes, so what would you both like?”

“Can I have a Red wine and a still water please” Alex asked. “Can I have the same actually, and a coke if you have any” Charlie added.

“Yes sure, here are your drinks, enjoy”

Picking up her phone Alex couldn’t help but send a quick photo of her drinks and food to the others. A reply of a rather sad looking plastic tray covered in plastic looking food was sent back with a crying emoji.

Leaning over Alex, Charlie couldn’t help but laugh. “Should I feel bad? Because I don’t” she joked. “But can you let me out im going to pop to the toilet.”

“Yeah sure" Alex said hopping out of her isle seat. 30 seconds later Charlie came back. “That was quick” Alex responded.

“Yeah, turns out there isn’t a toilet that way.” She said pointing towards the front of the plane. “and the lunch trolly’s are still out, so I’ll just wait till lunch is done. Its not bad I just thought I would go” she said sitting back down in her seat. Alex Knew what she meant, she felt like she could pee but it defiantly wasn’t urgent yet.

As she sat there, her eyes were starting to feel heavy. The excitement of the holiday and early morning meant Alex wasn’t even sure if she got any sleep last night. It didn’t feel like she had led in bed for 7 or more hours, but at the same time she couldn’t remember falling asleep or waking up. Either way checking her watch she was sure she wasn’t going to be able to be much fun on the other end if she didn’t get any sleep now.

Looking at the photo Megan had just added to the chat showed she wasn’t the only one. Carla was now lead across the entire row that they had been upgraded from. Apparently it was now dry enough to let her lie down on and get some sleep.

“This is probably the quietest we will see her all day” Alex joked in the chat. “Although I don’t think im far behind.” #getting old.

“Do you have a travel pillow, I’ve got a spare on me if you want it and some sleeping tablets” Megan was always the prepared one, the girl scout of the group despite being the youngest.

“Amazing, Thank you I forgot my pillow” Alex replied.

“Cool, but you are going to have to come and get them from peasant class if you want them”

Putting her table up she stood up, the tingling in her feet telling her she needed to move a bit more.

“Are you grabbing those things from Megan?” Charlie asked

“Yeah, want me to get you something”

“Can you grab me a sleeping tablet too, I can never sleep on these things”

“Yeah sure”

Passing the toilet that was empty and had no Que Alex decided to make the most of it Locking the door and sitting down she let out the mornings coffee, finding it weird how she was currently peeing several thousand feet in the air, possibly above peoples houses. The realisation kind of weirded her out to think about it too much, shaking the thoughts from her head she flushed and made her way to Megan.

“Hey, how are you guys doing?”

“Well, one of us is sleeping like a baby” Megan said gesturing to the almost dead looking Carla opposite. “Im good, just bored. But here you go” she said handing over the packet of tablets and a pillow. “Thank you, do you need these back” Alex said holding up the tablets. “No its ok, I had a good night’s sleep so im fine.” Alex thanked her and made her way back to her seat. Somehow Charlie had found a pair of blankets and was now snuggled up in one in her chair.

“Here you go” she said handing over the tablets.

“Awesome, thank you. I got you a blanket, I didn’t know if you would want one.”

They both took their tablets, finishing off their water to stop them getting dehydrated from the AC systems moving air around the cabin.

Shortly they both drifted off into a peaceful sleep.

....

The sudden rock of the plane woke Alex from her slumber and she became instantly aware of two things. One, it was light outside the plane again and two she had to pee, badly. Gripping herself through her pants she released the seat belt, slowly standing as the bulge in her abdomen made her wince in pain.

“Excuse me mam, the seatbelt sign is on”

Looking up she could see the illuminated symbol, she held up a hand to say sorry and got a nod in response.

Sitting back down she fastened her belt again as the plane lightly rocked. Clutching her bladder she began furiously wiggling her legs, the light fabric rippling with speed. The ambient noise of the plane covering her foot tapping and rustling of her clothes.

Checking her phone it was now 4am back home, no wonder she needed to go she hadn’t been since lunchtime. A realisation that made her tighten her grip on her crotch. Hopefully this turbulence wouldn’t last too much longer, the wine and water was making itself known. Each second that passed seemed to amplify the pressure within her, like the shaking of the plane was causing her to bubble like a soda bottle and she was ready to pop.

It only took 5 minutes for the pressure to become unbearable for her, Alex began to feel her bladder start to pulse and that was a sure sign the end was approaching. Tightly crossing her legs she leaned back against the seat, still bobbing her legs, praying for the light to turn off. Sucking in air through clenched teeth she did her best not to move her bladder at all. Any spike in pressure made her worry about peeing right then and there in the seat. The minutes ticked by as she sat there, uncomfortably rigid, her back sweating fiercely and soaking into the the chair. She could feel it damp against her clammy skin, her eyes fixed on the seatbelt sign looking for any chance she would get to go to the toilets. Even her legs were now still, the shaking started to do more harm than good as her bloated stomach started to bulge into their path, the slight rubbing of her legs against it causing waves of pain to race through her bladder.

Alex felt another spasm, her muscles quivered and her pee raced towards freedom. Bending in her seat she clenched every muscle, but the sudden movement compressed her bladder onto the cold metal buckle of the belt, causing the leak that was just about to be cut off to amplify and shoot out of her. Half a second was all it lasted, but the wet patch between her legs made it feel like she had let out a significant amount, there was no way she could wait any more. Looking up and pressing the call button as she began gyrating in her seat, madly trying to regain any strength in her bladder.

“Hi, how can I help you” The air stewardess asked.

“Im, sorry I really need to use the bathroom” Alex said, blushing as she admitted her need to the stranger in front of her,

“Im sorry, the seat belt sign is on and we are about to start our decent shortly.”

“I’m sorry, its an emergency. I’ve been trying to hold it but I really cant anymore” Alex’s face blushed much deeper, her mind speaking before her pride could cut it off, but it was the truth,

“I’m sorry but im sure you can hold it”

“I cant, I….I’ve already leaked a little bit” She couldn’t make eye contact as she spoke, this had to be one of the most embarrassing things to have happened to her. “If you need me to wave any viability things or whatever, I wont hold you responsible, I just really need to pee and I don’t want to do it in my seat”

The air stewardess's face softened a little as she looked around. Clearly convinced by her words, although the red faced, sweaty mess that was writhing around in front of her should have been enough of a signal. “Ok….but make it quick, and ill have to escort you”

“Oh…thank you” Alex breathed a sigh of relief. Standing quickly she felt another spam, but she desperately didn’t want her to change her mind. Despite the plane being reasonably stable she stumbled to the bathroom, closely followed by the air stewardess.

Opening the door she sat in the tiny room, swiftly removing her damp trousers and soaked underwear. Alex's pee shot of out her with some force, loudly reverberating off the metal toilet. She was sure than anyone and everyone nearby could hear her torrential piss hitting the toilet, but she couldn’t care. 16 hours of pent up pee thundered into the bowl as she relaxed, how her body had managed to sleep with this much inside of it she would never know.

Still peeing, a light knock on the door told her she was taking her time. She tried to clench her muscles and cut off the flow, but they didn’t want too. It took another ten seconds for her to regain control, she sighed having averted a disaster by a matter of moments. She could still feel the need to pee after being cut off mid flow, but she could comfortably hold this a few more hours. In fact it felt no worse than it did when she went at lunch time. Drying her underwear and the back of her top quickly she left the cubicle, noticing the air stewardess slightly red faced outside with one leg pressed into the other.

“Sounded like you really had to go”

The statement made Alex turn bright red, she had been right about sound proofing of the cubicle.

Sitting back at her seat she winced at the warmth of the chair and wet patch under herself.

Switching the screen in front of her back on she looked at the flight plan. Local time was 2.50pm and they were about an hour or so from the airport. Flipping back through the channels she put on the second half of Starwars, hoping to distract herself from the clamminess between her legs.

The film was just reaching its cinematic climax when the screens shut off much to her annoyance. Pressing the power button nothing happened but then an announcement came over the intercom.

“Ladies and gentlemen, we will be beginning our decent into Sydney in a matter of moments, local time is 4.00pm and the sky is clear. Looks like perfect beach weather, so I’ll do my best to get us down quickly so you can enjoy the Aussie sunset.”

A slight sturr beside her from Charlie made her release she should probably wake her up for landing. Gently shaking her shoulder she did her best to wake her.

“Hey sleepy, were about to land”

After a moment Charlie opened her eyes wide, looking almost as If she was in shock.

“Hey, don’t worry its just me” Alex laughed. “Holy shit Alex you have to move!”

“What?” She replied confused, unsure of who was dreaming right now.

“You have to let me out” Charlie replied hurriedly shuffling her blanket to get it off her.

“But we are….”

"No you don’t understand Im about to piss myself". She said bluntly. Her urgency increasing by the moment, Alex could see the panic in her eyes and watched as Charlie let out a soft moan, gripping herself for a moment between her thighs. This was serious.

“Ok ok ok, im moving.” Alex said, undoing her belt and quickly standing.

“Excuse me, im afraid im going to have to ask you to sit down” The air hostess coming up to them, looking more annoyed this time.

“Oh please, I really need to pee “ Charlie chimed up before Alex could say anything.

“Im sorry, we are about to descend for a landing, im going to have to ask you to stay seated”

“You don’t understand, im about to piss myself” She said slightly too loudly. A woman a few rows behind complaining at the loud use of language.

“Im sorry, but I cant hold it” she whined, her hand forcefully gripping her crotch with all her might.

Looking over Alex could see the unmistakable bulge of an overfilled bladder, pressing out of her tight leggings far enough to move her tank top from her once flat abbs.

"look, im afraid the rules are very clear. A bit of turbulence is one thing but we cant make any exceptions for a landing. Now sit back down please."

“I cant” she sobbed “please…” Tears were forming in her eyes as her face flushed red from exertion. Each second seemed to turn the dial up on her desperation, like her body was still coming out of sleep mode and slowly sending the signals that had been desperately trying to while she was asleep.

“Im sorry I just cant, but if it makes you feel any better we are in the same boat. I need to use the bathroom too but im just going ot have to wait until we land now ok.” The hostess continued.

“You don’t understand, I haven’t peed in 21 hours.” Holy shit Alex thought to herself, 21 hours! How had she lasted this long. She had assumed that Charlie had peed when she went to see Alex.

"Im….im…...im….....” A shot of pee burst through the thick fabric of her yoga leggings, splattering onto the floor between the three of them.

“Ok, let go” The flushed faces stewardess said.

Charlie grabbed the back of the chair with a shaking hand as the pee burst out of her and raced down her legs. “Oh no” She whimpered quietly as the deluge began. A deafening and low pitched hiss filled the plane, audible above the background noise of the plane as it slowly pitched downwards.

“huuuh,” Charlies body rocked as her bladder spasmed, increasing the force her pee was emptying from her, shooting it directly onto Alex’s legs. “Holy shit Charlie” she remarked, backing off from her slightly. But Charlie couldn’t do anything about it. Despite the fact she was currently peeing, her body was still sending signals telling her body that it was well past its capacity and that it needed to empty itself right now. Every few seconds her body would jerk as the pulses of pain and cramps happened again and again as she stood peeing into her now dark grey leggings. The smell of her pee had filled the whole cabin, there was no mistaking it.

The air-host was clearly in trouble too, she now had her legs crossed tightly, silently standing in shock due to what was happening in front of her. The sheer force and amount of liquid splattering onto the ground amazing her. After 30 seconds she came to her senses as the plane dipped down steeply.

“I…I am sorry…but im going to have to ask you both to sit down immediately.”

“I what?” Was Alex’s response, unsure of how to act in the current situation.

“Please sit and ill uh….I’ll get you a towel when we land” she said walking off in direction of her seat at the front.

Still peeing Charlie was just about able to seat herself down, the hissing from her pants only increasing in volume as she sat back in the chair. Currently still shocked and enjoying the sensation and warmth spreading out from between her legs, her pee continued unabated for more than two minutes as she hung her head in shame. Staring at the floor, Charlie watched her massive puddle spread across the floor towards the front of the plane as it pitched down for landing. She felt humiliated, how had this happened, this was a terrible start to their holiday.

“Holy shit that was a lot of pee” Alex broke the silence.

“You’re telling me” Charlie joked, it was nice for Alex to see she wasn’t too distraught at what had happened. She had always been a strong character so it was unnerving to see her so dejected.

“Oh god, well I feel so much better now. That has to be one of the most intense 5 minutes of my life”

“Your telling me, I cant believe you hadn’t peed since we got on. I woke up like 2 hours ago after peeing at lunch and almost wet myself in turbulence, actually I kind of did”

“Really? Would have been nice if you could have woken me up to join you” Charlie said, elbowing Alex playfully.

“Im sorry, I thought you had gone earlier, when I went to see Megan, you said you had to pee back then”

“yeah I did….I cant believe that just happened.”

“Me neither,... we can tell the others you spilt a drink on yourself or something?” Alex suggested.

“Really, look at these things” she said pinching the drenched fabric away from her skin and letting it snap back with a wet sound. She was right, they were absolutely covered in her pee, the normal sweat wicking material picking up the liquid and spreading it almost completely around her legs. The added combination of starting to burst while standing and then sitting down still peeing hadn’t helped either.

“Ok, Maybe we say we poured the whole drinks cart over you” Alex laughed.

“It sure feels like we poured it through me” Charlie responded, letting her body sag and relax into the chair.

...

20 minutes later they felt the plane bump as it made contact with the ground, a cheer went around the plane, they had arrived!

The air hostess arrived at them holding a pair of towels, making them blush deeply as they became aware that soon everyone would know who had peed themselves. Even though Alex had made it herself, she couldn’t help but get some second hand embarrassment although looking at Charlie she couldn’t help but notice she was the one that seemed to be more embarrassed by the current situation.

“Thank you” Alex said taking the towels from her and watching as she almost hobbled off towards the cockpit.

Trying to do their best at covering the damage, they stood up aiming to quickly make it out of the plane so Alex could change her underwear and Charlie could change out of her wet clothes.

Shuffling out of the plane slowly they made their way to arrivals and security.

“what the fuck happened to you” A loud comment from Carla announced her presence and as they approached the passport control.

“Hey Carla, well I pissed myself” Charlie said turning around and getting an annoyed glance from the same woman on the plane that had complained about her language on the plane.

“But never mind me, what the hell is wrong with you?”

Carla was hunched over, one hand clutching her abdomen and her legs almost triple knotted as she stood teetering on the spot. She almost looked drunk, but the massive bulge in her abdomen immediately clued Alex in on what was wrong with her. It looked absolutely ridiculous, possibly even larger than Charlie's had minutes ago and it could have even rivalled some of the contestants from the week before.

“I….” She paused for a moment, closing her eyes and regaining her composure. “I have to pee like you wouldn’t believe... or maybe you would" she said looking down at Charlies wet legs.”

“You too?” Alex asked

“yes so lets get a move on shall we, that sleeping tablet knocked me out for the whole journey and now im about to make wetting myself the first thing I do in Australia.” The four of them started to walk towards the line of new arrivals. Thankfully it didn’t appear too many other planes were arriving right now but there was still plenty of people waiting in line.

“Don’t pee…..Dont pee…….Dont pee” Carla was muttering to herself. Her own personal mantra that was somehow keeping her clothes dry as she pee danced in line. She was starting to worry that she wouldn’t be able to make it in time, but still she danced and still she stayed dry. Minutes ticked by with her legs constantly moving, even when the line was still, she would dance on the spot.

“Hey, that booths open” Megan spoke up, pointing the dancing and desperate Carla towards it. She had a bit of trouble standing still enough for the agent to get a good look at her. Thankfully the man behind the desk seemed to understand her situation and waved her through quickly. She arrived on the other side to see that Alex had already made it through one of the other desks and was waiting for her.

“Hey, toilets are that way, come on” She gestured towards down the hallway. There at the end was her Carla’s salvation, a clearly marked women's room. If she could make it 100m she could pee.

“I’m not going to make it Alex”

“What do you mean, its right there.”

“Its going to come out” she bent over, re knotting her legs in an effort to stop the inevitable.

“Come on your so close, and even if you don’t think you can make it you’ll need to go in to get changed”

The rational of what Alex had said somehow registered in her brain and her legs began moving again. Each shaky footstep met with a huff or puff as the pregnant looking Carla slowly walked towards her goal. Somehow she made it still dry, Alex opening the door for her and they were pleased to see a completely empty bathroom.

“I was going to literally explode if there was a Que” Carla breathed through her clenched Jaw.

“Yeah well there isn’t, so pick a stall and pee. Just watching you is making me have to go more” Alex’s bladder had been sending stronger signals of protests than before. Having had to cut the flow off prematurely earlier on the plane, the need to pee had returned. Watching Carla walk into a stall she dashed into the next one over, stripping her clothes to the floor she sighed in relief. Alex could finally empty herself completely, no one outside waiting for her and as a bonus it was even on solid ground.

Her stream starting to loudly splatter into the water as she enjoyed the feeling of freedom she felt.

A moment later a guttural moan from the cubicle next to her shocked her, only for her stream to be completely drowned out by a thunderous rush of water that sounded like someone was spraying a pressure washer into the toilet next door. The crash of Carla’s pee hitting the toilet was so loud that she was wondering if people waiting in line could hear it.

Alex finished peeing but continued to marvel at her friends stream that was continuing on at the same speed and ferocity that it had started. A minute later the power hose finally turned off with another guttural moan of relief. For the first time since they started peeing, the room was silent.

“You ok in there” Alex said quietly

“Shit that was better than sex!” Carla almost shouted out into the room. “I feel like I’ve lost 10 stone”

“Yeah well, lets go find the others before they send out a search party”

Walking out of their cubicles they exchanged glances in the mirror, laughing at the situation. “It’s just a shame about these” Carla said, holding out a drenched pair of blue cotton panties.

“Come on!” Alex said looking around. They were still alone thankfully.

“Relax…” Carla laughed, walking over to a bin and throwing them in.

“Wait, are you going commando?” Alex asked.

“Yeah, not the first time. First time because I pissed myself, but its kind of freeing. Plus I want about to put them back on or carry around a pair of my own wet pants with me all day”

“True” Alex said, kind of wishing she had her friends confidence. She was still planning on changing at the first possible chance she got.

Leaving the toilets they quickly met up with the others at the baggage claim.

Charlie had managed to get her bag quickly and was now wearing a pair of green shorts, having changed in another set of toilets.

Thanking them for also grabbing their bags, the four of them made their way out of the airport. It seemed like Alex had lost the chance to change and would now spend the day in her peed in underwear.

To be continued.....

As always, thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed this chapter!

So....what will Alex and her friends get up to on holiday?

*046*2020-02-23 14:24

Chapter 15. Rule number 4 (Alex part 2)

Alex was sitting on her bed tapping her foot annoyed. She had been on hold for more than an hour with the airline, trying to rearrange her flight back to the UK. It had been about 5 weeks since the news of the rematch was announced and to her annoyance they had scheduled it for while her and her friends were still on holiday. Originally she had thought about giving up the chance to play again and just stay here in the warm weather to have fun.

“Hello, Alex are you still there?”

“Hi Yes!, yes I am here”

“Hi its Mary from Quantus airlines, I understand you are trying to reschedule your return flight?”

“Yes, that’s right”

“Ok, well I have your flight details right here, unfortunately it seems that since you booked all of your flights as a group we are unable to change just the one you requested.”

“Oh….is there nothing I can do to just get the one ticket changed?”

“Im sorry, there isn’t.”

Dam it, Alex thought to herself. That was an hour wasted, why couldn’t the first lady have just said that.

“is there anything else I can help with though?” Mary asked

“Can I book a one way ticket with you, and leave the others as they are?”

“Well technically im not supposed too, but seeing as how unfair it seems im sure we can make an exception. Do you still want it on the date you asked for earlier?”

“Yes please”

“Ok, that will be £960”

Alex coughed, “Im sorry did you say £960 for the one way flight in economy”

“Yes, im sorry prices are high at the moment for that flight, it is the holidays”

Was Alex really going to waste that much money getting back for the contest, a contest that she didn’t even want to be a part of and that she might not even win.

“Im sorry, that’s a bit more expensive than I thought it was going to be, is it ok if I phone you back a bit later to confirm?”

“Yes that’s ok, I’ll put a reserved marker on one of the seats for you, just in case it fill up. Im sorry I couldn’t be much help”

“No its ok, Thank you for everything.”

Hanging up the phone she looked down, huffing she put her hands on her hips. Almost a grand for one ticket, that was almost half of what she paid for 3 of them. The only other option was to change all the tickets and ruin everyone's holiday and she wasn’t about to do that.

She would just have to miss the contest.

Putting her phone down on the bed she stood quickly and hurried out of the room. For the last 30 minutes she had been desperate to pee, all the drinks she had consumed since breakfast and with lunch finally catching up to her. Running across the holiday home they had rented her socks slid across the wooden floor towards the bathroom. Trying the handle to door It wouldn’t budge, the faint sound of the shower coming through the door, the running water doing nothing for her bladder.

“I think Megan is in the shower” Carla said, sat at the kitchen table eating some cereal.

“Did you only just get up?” Alex asked.

“Technically no….but yes I have only just gotten out of bed if that’s what you mean” she replied waving the spoon in her hand around. “Are you ok?” She raised an eyebrow at the pee dancing Alex in front of her.

“Yeah I just really need to pee, and she takes forever in there”

Turning around Alex rushed back into her room, shutting the door. Dropping her clothes to the floor she quickly grabbed her orange bikini and fastened it around herself. The bump of her full bladder clearly sticking out of her slim figure. Grabbing a shirt to protect her from the sun she ran back out of the room and past Carla. Opening the glass doors she rand down the ramp and onto the beach, each step sending shock waves through her bladder. Luckily it wasn’t an absolute emergency yet and she could handle the mild discomfort running like this was causing as she sloshed the contents of her bladder around inside her.

Reaching the waters edge she quickly entered up to her waste before diving into it head first. The sudden rush of water caused her bladder to contract, but as she turned over and started to float on her back she didn’t fight it and just let it relax. Peeing casually through her bikini bottoms and into the sea was oddly freeing. She laid back and enjoyed the feeling, relaxing as the already warm water caressed her body as she bobbed gently in the calm waters.

Staying in the calm waters for a few minutes Alex felt truly relaxed, she was starting to worry about falling asleep floating there when she was interrupted. A sudden splashing noise made her open her eyes as she spotted Carla charging into the water up to her knees before stopping. Alex was wondering what she was doing for a moment, before she saw a steam of pee leave her friend and enter the water through her white bikini.

“Really?” Alex called out laughing. “Two more steps and no one would know what you were doing”

“There’s no one around, its fine. Plus, I don’t really care” Carla replied

“I can see that” Alex slowly swam back to the shore, avoiding the area her friend had just peed in. While Alex had just done the exact same thing, it seemed weird to swim through someone else's pee.

“I am going to miss this when we return to civilisation” Carla responded as the two of the walked up to house again. “Its just so convenient, which reminds me do we have everything ready for the BBQ tonight?”

“How did peeing in the ocean remind you of our BBQ tonight?” Alex asked

“No its not that, just the convenience of having a beach at our front door, but the girls and I do have a surprise for you tonight”

“Ok…. not sure I like the sound of that”

“Relax, it will be fun” Carla said, putting an arm around Alex as they approached the house. “But we should probably start prepping everything. We still need to build a firepit”

A while later the four of them were sat around a roaring fire, having polished off enough brisket and BBQ to feed a small army. Reclining in their beach chairs there was a satisfied silence around them as they let their food go do down, sipping on some home-made lemonade they had put together earlier. The crackling of the fire and rushing water from the beach the only noises coming from the still night.

Carla sat up in her chair, the first of them to move in what felt like hours.

“Ok, so Alex, we would all like to thank you for this holiday and help you out for the competition next week”

“Come on guys, I had one rule when you agreed to this back home and that was not talking about the show.”

“Why whats wrong with it, you won!” Carla responded.

“I don’t know, its just weird.” Alex replied, looking down at her half-finished lemonade instead of at her friend.

“Well, we are making an exception for tonight because we are going to give you a practice round with us 3”

“Bladder buddieeees” Charlie cheered.

“What are you talking about?” a picture was forming in her head, but Alex didn’t think they could seriously be suggesting this could they?”

“Well, we figured that since your bladder paid for all of this” Carla said gesturing around her at the beach. “The least we could do is attempt to repay you, by helping you win the rematch”

“Yeah, so we can go somewhere else” Megan mocked.

“look, I appreciate the thought but I mean why would you want to go through that, and anyway” She paused looking down at the sand again “Im not going to the rematch” she said quietly.

“Wait why?” Carla asked, shocked at her friends’ omission.

“I couldn’t rearrange just my flight, so Id have to pay like a grand for a one-way ticket in order to make it to the show. Plus, I’d rather just stay here and have fun with you guys” While there was still part of Alex that was interested in competing, everything she had just said was true.

“So you are missing out because of us?” Charlie asked softly

“No, its not like that. Its not your fault that they messed up and had to rearrange it and its also not your fault they picked a day while we were all on holiday” Replied Alex

“We get that, but don’t want you to miss out on this opportunity for 2 more weeks in Australia, especially since you payed for the flights out here.”

“And its going to be like 50k for the winner” added Megan.

That was true, she hadn’t realised that but if they were starting with the same amount she won last time and added that amount on again. She could win a lot more this time…..but that wasn’t the point

“Like I said, I appreciate it, but im not even sure I want to go back and do all that over again”

“What have you got to lose?” Carla asked.

“Yeah, even if you don’t win it doesn’t cost you anything. You may as well go and see how it feels, you might be more used to it this time” It was optimistic from Megan but Alex had to admit she was right.

“And with this training, we can make sure you are fighting fit for it. Give that bladder a good old stretch before the competition” Charlie said enthusiastically.

“I don’t know…..” Alex replied, but the girls could see her resolve weakening and none of them wanted her to miss out on this. It was true what Alex had said about it not being their fault, but they could at least help be the reason she gave it another go.

“Ok, fine, how about we put some stakes on it?.” Carla said, standing and walking over to Alex.

“Ugh…don’t even mention Steaks” Charlie joked, a hand on her full stomach, one bite away from a food induced nap.

“You win, we leave it up to you. But if one of us beats you, you have to go to the rematch”. Carla said holding her hand out for Alex to shake. After considering it for a moment, slowly she reached up and shook her hand.

“But we get 10% if that happens” Charlie quickly shouted from her chair laughing.

“Nope, too late” Alex said, a smile across her face for the first time since the morning. Opening up to everyone and not keeping it all a secret felt like a big weight had been lifted from her shoulders and now she felt she could go back to enjoying herself.

“So what exactly did you have planned for tonight?” Alex asked, slightly worried about the response she was going to get. If Carla had organised this thing, which she was fairly sure she would have, she was going to have gone all out like she usually did.

“Well, since you asked, give me two minutes” She said disappearing into the house with Megan who offered to lend a hand. They returned a few minutes later, each carrying a large crate of drinks and a small bag.

“Ok” Carla said, carefully lowering the heavy crates of drinks to the ground. “So last one to pee wins, but we have a few fun additions to make it more like a drinking game.”

Opening the bag she took out a small wooden box and placed it on the crate.

“So the first rule, whenever you finish a bottle, you have to upturn the bottle to show its empty, but if any drops fall out you have to do a shot of Vodka” she said taking a large bottle of Smirnoff out of the bag. “Rule 2. When the first person finishes their bottle and upturns it everyone else has to chug their drink, following on from that we have rule 3. The last person to finish chugging the bottle has to do a forfeit.” She picked up the small wooden box, holding it one hand she did her best teleshopping hand gestures presenting it to the group.

“in here, I have put a number of challenges that we will have to do, so for example” pulling out a small folded piece of paper, “Do 5 jumping jacks, sounds easy but im sure it wont be when we really need to pee. And the final rule and the most important rule, no peeing in the house. In fact I just locked it, so even if you try to cheat you wont be able too.”

“Wait so we are just supposed to pee ourselves. Im not sure I want or even can do that” a look of worry coming across Megan's face.

“Oh relax, the sea is right there, if you cant take it anymore you are just going to have to pee in it instead” Carla responded, seemingly putting Megan’s worry to rest. Carla was also sure that after a few beer’s none of them would be too worried about it anymore.

“Now we have plenty of beer to drink and there is no time like the present.” She said cracking the crate open, revealing row after row of beer bottles. Their liquid glimmering in the light of the fire, Alex took a deep breath and reached in for her first bottle. Each of the others followed grabbing a bottle and opening it, luckily these were twist offs so no opener was needed.

“Cheers” Alex held her bottle up and clinked it with two others, the third missing.

“Snooze you loose” A breathless Charlie burped next to them, upturning an already empty bottle. Although in her speed, a few droplets of beer remained and slowly fell out of the bottle. “Shit...” she said out loud as the others laughed.

“I don’t know why you are laughing” She said pointing at Alex who then looked around to see both Carla and Megan chugging their bottles rapidly. Tipping the bottle to her lips she breathlessly chugged her drink she did her best to catch up, but unfortunately the others finished first. Coughing slightly as she finished her bottle, the others started a drum roll on their thighs as she reached for the first forfeit.

“And the first forfeit is……do the splits. Well it’s a good thing I don’t need to pee yet. Although I cant really do the splits, but I’ll give it a go” She dropped to the floor, her fabric shorts letting her legs move freely as she made a pretty good attempt at the splits. The others clapped as she stood again, bowing to them as if she had just won a medal or something.

“That would have been evil later on, what else have you put in their?” She asked. “That’s probably one of the worst, but there are plenty more to go around.” Their would-be torturer Carla responded, a look of glee spread across her face. “Another?” she asked handing out a bottle to each of them.

…

Two hours, 9 bottles and several shots each later, the four women sat in their chairs in various states of inebriation and desperation. Alex could feel the beer in her stomach churning inside of her. She could handle her alcohol but the sheer amount and fizzy-ness was taking its toll and she was starting to feel slightly sick. Thankfully everyone seemed to have calmed down on the drinking speed, but even so she could feel her bladder bulging within her. The copious amounts of liquid also increasing her need to pee but she knew she still had a little time left before it was too bad. Glancing at the bottles around her, she did however know that the next beer would be more than enough to make her pee herself in time, joining the rest of them already flowing through her body. She pressed her legs together as a shiver ran up her legs. Looking around she was happy to see the others still chatting.

Megan looked the least comfortable, she was wriggling in her chair, her legs pressed tightly together and rocking back and forth. Alex could see that she was in major trouble, but somehow she was still making conversation and seemingly clear headed. Despite her small stature she could hold her booze, but Alex was starting to think Megan's bladder probably wasn’t used to this amount of holding. She watched as Megan brought her legs up and together again, fighting off another wave of urgency.

Charlie looked like she was doing ok, after her display on the plane Alex knew her body was capable of holding a lot of pee, but that was while she was under the power of a sleeping drug. Would she be able to replicate the same levels of will power, going off her red face and the increase in volume of her voice she wasn’t handling her liquor quite as well. On the other hand Carla was seemingly unphased by either, other than having her legs crossed Alex was starting to wonder if her friend secretly had the biggest bladder out of the lot of them. Taking advantage of their distraction she could see they still had half full bottles while hers was almost empty. Slowly swigging the rest of it and making sure it was completely empty she upturned it.

“Drink up” She said loudly.

“Oh shit”, Charlie fumbled around for her bottle having put it down. “Dam it”, even before she could start to drink both Megan and Carla upturned theirs.

“That wasn’t very nice Alex, we were having a nice chat.” Charlie said, downing the rest of her bottle.

"What was it you said at the start, snooze you lose?" Alex responded.

This only seemed to light a fire in her friends eyes. “Let see how you like it” she locked eyes with Alex, almost daring her to say or do something. Grabbing 3 bottles she handed one to each of the others, quickly turned the top and started to chug her new and entirely full bottle.

“No please” Alex said, laughing as she lunged for the crate. A quiet whimper from Megan went unheard as the others began downing their bottles. Alex quickly unscrewing hers and in defiance of her bladder and stomach reached her neck bad and drank as quickly as she could. Just 6 seconds later her bottle was empty, upturning it she was happy to see she wasn’t last.

Megan was still doing her best to down her bottle, but her trembling legs and shaking body were clearly indicating her body was at its capacity and trying to stop her forcing more beer into it. Still she finished, upturned her bottle only to look at Alex who had somehow beaten her.

“Oh gosh” she said, closing her eyes and shoving both hands between her legs.

“What was that for Charlie, are you trying to make me piss myself. I thought we were supposed to be on a team” Megan said, playfully swinging an arm out to hit Charlie.

“Hey”, she wafted her arms at her attacker, “Sorry got carried away putting Alex in her place” She put her tongue out, directing it towards Alex who was currently trying to let out a burp without being ill. “But you can hold it, we can all put miss strongest link in her place”

“Well, this strongest link didn’t fail to drink up, so it looked like its you who both need to do the next forfeit.” It was Alex’s turn to do the drum roll on her legs, although now the shockwaves she was sending through her legs seemed to be reaching her bladder.

“And, the winner is….Fuck!” Charlie exclaimed

“Well, I mean if the card says we have too” Megan joked, causing the others to laugh and double over in their chairs as the heartfelt laughing threatened to break their stalwart defences.

“Ok, rule 4. No making me laugh” Carla added, wiping a tear from her eye.

“Unfortunately, its not that. We have to do a 30 second plank”

“As in the exercise?” Megan asked.

“Yep, now get to it!” Carla pointed to the ground between them.

“Ok…Ok…hoof, here we go” Both of them slowly knelt on the ground before putting out their feet and extending their arms, leaving them using their core strength to support their body. The only issue with that, the muscles that control that motion were rather unfortunately surrounding their bladders. Contracting the muscles to keep their posture made their need to pee shoot through the roof, as the pressure multiplied a thousand times over.

“Oh…fffffffffff” Charlie hissed between her clenched jaw. A soft whimper escaped Megan again as her body started to shake with exertion of both holding her pee and maintaining her position. After 10 seconds she let out a strained groan, a hiss audible in the quiet night for just a moment.

“Did you just?” Alex asked.

“No I’m good” she almost cried, a vein on her head bulging out .

From where Alex was sitting she could see the bulge in the two women's abdomens, despite holding themselves off the floor, the bladders protruding out of them, especially in Megan it was touching the floor. She doubted either was using it for extra support, if anything they must have been dying to keep her weight off them. Sweat was forming on both women as they passed 20 seconds, their arms increasingly wobbly as their faces flushed red. Megan gasped loudly, she had been holding her breath trying to hold everything inside of her including her breath. It was followed quickly by a flood of pee that instantly saturated her Orange Bikini bottoms and flowed through them in a steady stream thudding onto the sand beneath her.

She gave in, collapsing onto the sand, the time wasn’t up but her strength was. Now lying on her bladder directly she groaned in relief as her pee shot out at increasing speed, the audible hiss increasing in volume as it made its way through the typically water resistant material. “Oh….I needed this” She sighed, a smile on her face as she almost hugged the sand under her, still peeing and letting her body relax.

“Oh….Fuck…..Thats 30 seconds right?” Charlie stood up, throwing both hands between her crotch and dancing intensely on the spot. The sudden movement after her drunken exertion making the world spin, she closed her eyes for a moment as she tried to steady herself and calm her bladder.

Alex felt something cold forced into her hand, too busy watching the spectacle unfold In front of her as Megan pissed laying on the sand and Charlie danced like her life depended on it. Looking down Carla was handing her another bottle, she winked and raised her open bottle chugging it. Alex shook her head, she wasn’t sure if she could take another bottle without being sick but watched Charlie quickly draining her’s and knew that any exertion would probably be worse than this. Unscrewing the cap she tipped the bottle back and drank, and drank and drank, the bottle seemed almost bottomless. Finally she felt the bottle empty, looking down she could see Charlie still closed eyed and dancing, a gleeful look on Carla’s face.

“Hey, Charlie…Ive got some bad news buddie” She said holding up the empty bottle.

“No…Come on guys im about to burst”

“A deals a deal” Carla said, handing her a bottle and the box of forfeits.

Taking the bottle and grabbing a piece of paper “Stand with your legs apart for 1 minute”…”You miss spelled minute by the way” she shot a look at Carla, while clutching herself.

“Well, I did them quickly….And NO HANDS!” she said pointing to the one that Charlie was using to keep herself dry. The large bulbous organ sticking out of her and threatening to explode at any moment.

Giving herself a quick squeeze through her light blue Bikini Charlie slowly removed her hand.

“No..no…...no” she sighed, hanging her head as the pee shot out of her. Standing with her legs open had weakened her defences but removing her hand had been the final straw. Despite being a warm night, they could all see the steam coming off her boiling hot urine, falling between her spread legs. An oval of dark blue now present on her bikini as she peed through her clothes. As she stood peeing, Charlie unscrewed the cap and started to chug the next bottle. Simultaneously drinking and peeing was an odd sensation but it was strangely relaxing. 30 seconds later the heavy thudding of her pee hitting the now drenched sand stopped as she also upturned her bottle.

“So can me and Megan still make you drink if we chug ours?” she asked, finally closing her legs and attempting to wipe off the droplets off pee from her skin with the back of her hand. Seemingly not phased by everything that had just happened.

“I think that’s a great idea” Megan said, having gotten off the floor she couldn’t help but feel slightly impressed by the size of her puddle on the wet sand. “Especially since you locked the door so we couldn’t pee before this thing started.”

“Are you saying that’s why you lost?” Alex asked

“Well it didn’t help did it, I hadn’t gone since lunch” she replied, her face slightly red.

“Well I know what we can do to help make you feel better, how many beers do you think you can drink in the next 5 minutes” Charlie asked, raising an eyebrow at her now non desperate friend.

A smile came across Megan's face, “Shall we start with 3?”

“No no, you guys are out, this doesn't count” Carla started.

“Hang on, Megan do you remember that being a rule?”

“No, I think there were only 3 rules right? Lets see, 1. Drink the bottle and upturn it, 2 everyone else chug, 3. Last place does a forfeit….I think that was all there was right?”

“Yep, that’s all I remember Megan so it seems…its on!”

Charlie quickly grabbed 3 bottles and tossed them to Megan before grabbing 3 of her own. This left Carla and Alex to scramble for the box only to find it was now empty. Despite their bulging bladders sending waves of discomfort through their bodies, they quickly slid the empty crate off the top of the other box. Bending down was a real effort as they compressed their full bladders. Carla pulled the box top off in one go as Alex went in and grabbed a bottle, quickly uncapping it and beginning to chug.

“One down” she heard the clink of two bottles hitting each other as Megan and Charlie started on the next.

10 seconds was all it took Alex to finish, but she felt her bladder contract, or was it her stomach, either way it wasn’t a good sign with 2 more bottles to go. Turning it over to show it was empty she grabbed another bottle, happy to see that Carla was still on her first. Uncapping it she put it to her lips as she placed her free hand on her bloated stomach that was still expanding. Her shorts tight against her for the first time she could remember.

“Two down” another clink and a burp,

Alex was struggling to breath now. Finishing her second bottle she was shocked to see Carla had drawn level and had finished almost simultaneously. She stuck out a shaky hand to grab the third bottle, before she had to move it to her mouth as she felt her stomach do a back flip inside her. Steadying herself after the moment passed she grabbed the third and final bottle but she knew it was probably too late. Carla had won, but she still had to finish, finally the third bottle was down but now she really didn’t feel good.

Both bloated women fell back onto the sand clutching themselves.

“Why did we do that Alex…” Carla asked, dazed and feeling her body bloat even more.

“I don’t know….because they made us”

“Well, I mean its only when the third person finishes that we have to worry. We could have just both waited”

“Urghh….hindsight really is 20:20” Alex groaned, laying with one hand between her leg and the other resting on her bloated stomach. She needed a break otherwise she would explode in one way or another, the gas from the drinks filling her like a literal balloon.

Despite their discomfort both women made it another hour, but the desperation they felt increased dramatically over that period. Both were now sat hunched forward with their hands between their legs still attempting to take part in the conversation. Thankfully the drinking had seemed to end with the last sprint and Alex's stomach had calmed. Carla was putting up a brave face but she wasn’t doing well, she had leaked a few minutes ago as she felt her tired muscles weaken, but thankfully no one seemed to notice. She was desperate to win, she really wanted Alex to go back and give the contest another try and was determined to make her. She only had one chance to win, make her do a forfeit. Slowly she placed her hand back in the box and took a bottle out.

“Im sorry Alex but I don’t think I can wait much longer”

“Its ok, I….” then she saw what her friend was up too “Nooo” she squealed as Carla tipped back her drink and started to chug, Alex moved towards the box to grab a beer but Carla seemed to cough into the bottle.

The little cough caused a domino effect, first she started to choke on the beer she was still trying to chug, spilling it over herself. The beer had gone down the wrong way and now she was in the midst of a coughing fit, which totally destroyed her ability to hold her extremely full bladder. Almost instantly pee began to explode out of her with each cough, spraying it in a wide arc. Her control was completely gone, the gamble to win had backfired and now she was full on wetting herself. Her giant bladder slowly deflating as her pee ran freely onto the chair and then the sand beneath.

“Well *cough* I fucked *Cough* That up” She laughed. "But letting it all out feels great"

“For you” Alex said, the sound of her friends pee hitting the sound making her double over as her bladder control wavered momentarily. But after the initial shock of the sudden noise, her control returned as she waddled back to her seat and sat slowly, clutching herself tightly. She hadn’t reached the point of pain yet, but somehow the alcohol was making her reach all new levels of pure desperation to pee. “So, can I go pee now” she asked

“Nope, you owe us one more bottle to truly be the champion.” Carla said still peeing onto the chair, now leaning back and causing a waterfall of pee to fall off the front of the chair as the rest dripped through the saturated canvas of the chair itself.

“If that’s what it takes” She said standing and making her way over to the crate, picking out a bottle and making her way back to her seat with some effort.

“But at least I can take my time and enjoy this one” she said, taking a few sips from her bottle.

Finally empty, Carla leaned towards Alex

“Oh and Alex”

“Yes, runner up…..I like the sound of that”

“Well glorious champion….Shazam!” she said, before slamming the bottom of her empty bottle onto the top of Alex’s. The shock made the beer inside froth and shoot out of the neck of the bottle.

Immediately Alex put her mouth over the top of it, but she too started to choke as the volume of it shooting out of the top overwhelmed her mouth. The foam causing her to choke, with her moth still over the top her friends sat back and watched as it started to shoot out of her nose. Coughing violently she removed her mouth, causing it to spray all over her. The four of them burst into drunk laughter, having just witnessed Alex spray beer out of her nose.

Ordinarily it would have been funny, but after having drunk this much beer it suddenly became the funniest thing to happen in the universe. Alex too was laughing and that spelled the end of her control as she felt warm wetness spread across her crotch as her pee started to leave her. Instantly her cotton shorts were completely drenched as her laughing caused her muscles to contract and roll inside her, but she wasn’t the only one. A loud hissing began to come from Megan for the second time that night as her still damp bikini became saturated in her pee at the same time. Neither woman able to control their laughter or their bladder. Charlie began pointing at Megan, still laughing as she grabbed at her crotch. Apparently in the last hour both women's bladder had filled again, but somehow Charlie was just managing to control herself.

A minute later both women had finished peeing, enjoying being empty again.

Looking over at her friend, Alex could tell Carla was unhappy having lost, she was always terrible at hiding her feelings after a few drinks. If it meant that much to her, she knew what she had to do.

“Well I guess I didn’t make it…..call it a draw? So that means I’ll go if you still want me too?”

“Yes” the other three girls said in unison, standing to hug it out as they formed a huddle, surrounded by the large amount of wet sand they had created between them.

“Now can you unlock the house, because I really have to pee again” Charlie said, causing the group to laugh again. Covering the half serious plea’s of their friend as they walked up the beach towards their house.

1 day to go.

For the last week, all they could talk about was the show. They had successfully arranged to change all their flights back to England for just 2 days ago, maximising their time in Australia. It had been weird for Alex since she had originally wanted no one to talk about it, but it wasn't as embarrassing as she thought it was going to be.

After agreeing to go on the show again, her friends had rallied around her, buying a series of quiz books and going to any and all pub quizzes they could find in the town where they were staying. Alex had no desire to repeat her last desperate ordeal, so training her mind was hopefully going to stop her being the weakest link and help her avoid that extra water at all costs. She slightly cursed herself for not starting her training earlier, but she had just been having too much fun. Plus, she was the reining champion of the group so she was sure she would do ok again. If it was enough to win last time, with just a little training and some luck she was confident she could win again.

Careful not to drink too much before bed the night before the contest she awoke early, lying there Alex stared up at her bedroom ceiling contemplating if she could just not go and stay in bed. But her friends had given up their holiday to let her do this, she couldn’t waste this opportunity. Sliding out of bed she quickly got dressed in a smart but loose fitting red dress, making sure to pee about every 5 minutes, her nerves were starting to get the better of her.

Finally the alarm on her phone went off telling her it was time to leave.

Alex was slightly surprised to see she was the 5th one to arrive.

Walking in there was a sudden sense of tenseness in the air. Everyone seemed to be staring at her as she walking in, were they that annoyed by her winning last time. It looked like they had all been happily chatting until she walked in, maybe this wasn’t such a good idea.

Thankfully Olivia broke the tension, walking over and giving her a hug and asking how she had been. After that everyone seemed to go back to what they were doing.

“So who do you think is going to win it?” Olivia asked out of the blue

“Im sorry?” Alex asked.

“I mean, if you had to pick one of them other than us?” She clarified.

Looking around the room the other 4 ladies seemed to be engrossed in conversation now that Claudia had arrived.

“Well…they all look pretty confident but I would guess maybe Claudia? She was third last time.”

“True, but she seemed to be at her capacity by the end of the last match…..im going to put my money on the dark haired beauty in the corner” Olivia said gesturing with her now empty coffee cup at Katy sat in the corner. Unlike the others she seemed to be trying to pump herself up, to get in the zone. “Although Amanda is looking very confident this morning, so we could be in for a real challenge today” She said, unable to keep the smile off her face.

Alex nodded in agreement, wondering why someone would look so happy to be facing such stiff competition.

“Ok Ladies, its show time. You have 3 minutes to visit the bathroom and then I will need you all back here” A member of staff shouted across the room.

The sense of trepidation returned for some as their chats ended and they all made their way to the toilets to let out their final pee.

3 minutes later the women made their way out onto the the stage, each standing at their designated podiums. Alex couldn’t help but feel a slight sense of dread as she watched the busy crew rush around making sure everything was in order.

Finally the lights went up and standing there was Anne, the host.

“Good evening ladies and gentlemen, its time to play the Weakest link”

.......

Hey guys, just wanted to say a big thank you to everyone who has continued to read this story!

Its been fun to try my hand at other writing styles / scenarios and hopefully everyone enjoyed the glimpses into the characters lives.

But now, its been a long time in the making but the rematch is about to begin!

*050*2020-03-06 00:56

Hey guys, sorry for the delay. I've had a bit of writers block combined with a busy work schedule which has limited my time to write.

But here is the first chapter of the rematch, its a bit shorter to speed up the start of the contest. The following chapters should be a bite more like the original structure.

Chapter 16: This time with feeling (Rematch starts here)

The cameras rotated on their spots as the lights in the studio shone to illuminate the host. Just like last time, the room was suddenly filled with a tenseness as each of the contestants hoped their weeks of training would be enough to help them go home the champion.

“Welcome back to the weakest link, this week is somewhat of a special episode” The host began, reading from a teleprompter in front of her. “The season finale is extra special this year as we have 6 returning competitors, each looking to go home the winner this time. With a bigger prize pool and more up for grabs, i'm sure we are in for a great show today.”

The six women stood confidently behind their podiums, each looking far more determined than the last time they were here.

Slowly the camera panned around each of them, as the host did a run down of the rules and starting cash.

“So, with the formalities out of the way, lets play….the Weakest Link!”

The lights came down onto the contestants, each now faced with their own camera. A single light blinking in front of them periodically, indicating them they were being broadcast.

All the training and nerves had lead up to this point, finally, the rematch they had all been waiting for was starting.

“Starting with Alex our first round is on Television, 3 minutes on the clock please.”

Alex puffed out her cheeks, this was it. Steadying her breathing she readied herself, this time she wasn’t going to panic like the last show.

“Alex, Which British comedian played Gareth Blackstock in the TV show Chef”

“Lenny Henry!” She almost erupted in joy; she knew the answer to the first question.

“Correct, Amanda Which is the longest running UK soap opera?”

“EastEnders” Another sigh of relief, this time from the blonde. The first question was always the hardest and getting it right really helped their confidence going forward.

“Correct, Claudia the show The Voice had which knighted personality as a member of its judging panel”

“Tom Jones”

“Correct, Katy, Who wrote the acclaimed series Only Fools and Horses?”

“Uh…” No, this couldn’t be happening again could it?

Katy’s face burned red as she fumbled for an answer, she could feel the other contestants’ eyes burning into her. What was she going to do, she had to say something. “Matt groening?”

“Incorrect, it was John Sullivan.”

Katy quickly looked at the floor, focusing on a single point of the stage trying to ignore the burning sensation from her cheeks. After 4 questions they were back at square one and it was all because of her, why didn’t she bank.

“Olivia, Where was the TV show Narco’s filmed?”

“Colombia”

“Correct, Scarlet who won 2.4 million dollars on American show Jeopardy in 2004”

“umm…..oh, it was Ken Jennings” She answered, rocking on her feet and bouncing on the balls of her feet happily as somehow she pulled the answer out of the back of her mind.

“Correct. First round completed we are back to Alex. Who was the president in the show the West Wing?”

“President Bartlett”

“We were looking for both names but I’ll let you have that one. Amanda who played the lead male role in Night rider?”

“David Hasselhoff”

“Correct, Claudia which composer is responsible for the current ABC news intro”

Composers, wasn’t this supposed to be on television…dam it. The seconds were passing by, she just had to name a composer. “Hans Zimmer”

“Correct” Claudia couldn’t help but raise her eyebrows in surprise, taking a moment to quickly look either way in disbelief. Despite that short moment of relief she realised that no one had banked yet, a thought that made her nervous to say the least.

“Katy, in what town do the Simpsons live?”

Really, that was her next question. “Springfield”

“Correct, Olivia who are Blossom, Buttercup and Bubbles?”

“I...The Powerpuff girls?” Olivia said, slightly bemused by the variety of questions in this round.

Oh wait…..or were they Blue peter pets? She looked to the host.

“Correct, Scarlet”

“Bank” The tension that was previously filling the air suddenly abating as they put some money on the board.

It turned out the slight relief was well founded, quickly the nerves and cobwebs seemed to disappear as each of them scored a perfect round from then on. The questions were not easy and covered a wide array of television from the last 30 years, but each of them slowly fell into the groove of it. Their confidence returning and the money flowing in over the next 2 minutes. It had been a slow start but a fast finish gave their total a much needed boost.

“Congratulations ladies, seems like you have all gotten back into the swing of things. Not the biggest first round we have seen on this show but still a respectable total of £1,800.”

They each took a moment to smile, they all knew what was coming but this time they were ready for it. For just this moment they could just enjoy the success and try to remember what the feeling of an empty bladder was like.

“The opening round’s strongest link was Scarlet who banked the most, while Katy you are the weakest link. Is history set to repeat itself?” The host announced to the audience.

Katy’s face burned with a mixture of embarrassment but also determination, she was not to let the same fate befall her this time around. She had trained hard for this, but even if she reached her breaking point she would not give in. Her right hand formed a fist that she pressed into the podium as she started at the host. Even as the pumps activated for the first time she didn’t blink, the once familiar sensation of her bladder being filled by the catheter began.

Her gaze never wavered from the host who she could swear was hiding a shrewed smile as they locked eyes. Katy's determination was blocking out all other sensations, even as her bladder was pumped full with an alien feeling but to her it meant nothing. They would not break her this time, physically or mentally! No matter how many rounds she lost she would keep on playing. 900ml of water was swiftly pumped into her body and the device inside her finally stopped, blinking for the first time since it started Katy could feel the new mass of water inside her.

The others seemed to have forgotten what it felt like despite having gone through it all before, the feeling of being internally pumped full of water was not a feeling they could ever get used too. Only Olivia and Scarlet seemed unaffected, Scarlet because she had remained empty but Olivia had gotten so use to holding and holding for fun, that this was nothing compared to what she and Tara had put her body through.

The lights refocused on the host as Katy finally broke her stare.

“So we are onto round 2 and this time, its all about Celebrities.”

“Starting with Amanda Which of the Spice Girls was the first to be married?”

“Posh”

“Incorrect, it was Mel B”...

Despite their confidence returning to them, the second round was one of the worst they had in either of the contests. A number of early incorrect answers lead many to bank early, meaning that they couldn’t get a string of answers together to reach the high totals. It appeared that very few of the contestants were that up on their celebrity knowledge. Although many questions were obscure to say the least and Claudia was starting to put two and two together in her mind. From her brief look into the minds of TV execs and competitions that she had yesterday, she was sure the questions had gotten harder. Ordinarily there wouldn’t be too much on the line for the channel runners, but with a record prize pool up for grabs it looked like they were starting to play dirty.

“So with that round you banked just £1,660” A reasonable amount considering everything.

“The Strongest link that round was Katy, while the weakest with only one right answer was Amanda”

A wry smile crept across Katy’s face, she wasn’t going to go out that easily, not this time.

Round 2 had been her's and being the strongest link was yet more proof of how the world had conspired against her last time. There was no time for her to show her knowledge, being the weakest several times early on before succumbing to her need. She rested a hand on her hip, enjoying the satisfaction of her victory.

The pumps activated again, with only Amanda noticing any discernible difference. The others faced less than a single cup of water and while the sensation was still strange, none of them were in any real danger yet. Most of this rounds winnings were currently being pumped into Amanda and she was feeling her body react, she was being filled slowly due to the relatively low amount but she was defiantly starting to feel it down there. Taking a deep breath as the pump continued, she needed to centre herself, she had taken care of everything before the game. Amanda was a sure in for victory, her body just needed to come to terms with it all.

Thankfully, after a few moments she was able to calm her body and somewhat relax given her current circumstance, the worry left her although she could still feel butterflies in her stomach. The pump quickly finished and she pressed her knees together for the slightest reassurance that all was ok, hoping the others wouldn't take it as a sign of weakness. She had to keep up appearances, she was confident of her victory, she just had to make her body show that to everyone else.

“Round 3 will be on Geography, if the contestants are ready lets begin”

“Claudia, starting with you what is the largest lake in Africa?”

"Lake Victoria"

“Correct, Olivia which is the largest island in the world?”

“Greenland”

“Correct, Scarlet. Which country’s capital is Ulaanbataar?”

“Mongolia!” she could have laughed, what were the chances?

Her trivia games with the family were already paying off. She hadn’t expected it to be so specific but she wasn’t complaining. Anything that gave her an edge was a positive in her book. She took a moment to watch the others answer their questions.

Alex had won the last time and she seemed to be doing a good job again this time. Although, unlike a lot of the others there didn’t seem to be much fire behind her eyes.. Amanda was perhaps the most confident looking of them, which was odd considering she came 4th last time, but Scarlet did have to admit that at the time Amanda had put her body through its paces. The sheer willpower she had to out hold them, even when her body was racked in pain, sweating and trembling Amanda had held on. Katy seemed to be sharing in her determination this round, Scarlet couldn’t help but feel for the young girl who had come last in the previous game. From the looks she was giving the host, she looked like she was trying to burn the place down and that probably meant she would be giving them all a run for their money. But considering Scarlet had out-held her last time, she wasn’t to worried.

Claudia and Olivia were harder to read, they seemed quietly confident and were not making a show of it. Both had made it to the final 3 last time and Scarlet was sure she would be fighting them for a while to come. However, as she looked on she was surprised to see Olivia drop the ball, she had banked before hand but got her question wrong. Thinking back to the last show for a moment Scarlet realised that last time, Olivia had done well but she wasn’t the smartest of the group. So if it came down to the two of them in the final, scarlet was starting to think she might have a good chance of winning. But for now, Scarlet had to refocus on getting her own questions right.

A few minutes later the round was over and the lights came up again. There had been a couple of incorrect questions but for the most part it felt like their best round yet.

“That brings round 3 to an end, with a total of £2,340 banked. Claudia, you banked the most and with no wrong answers you are the strongest link. Olivia, you banked well but your wrong answer means you are the weakest link for round 3”

Olivia felt her pump activate, this time with a much higher pressure. She had done well in the first two rounds, not enough to be the strongest link, but well enough to avoid being the weakest like she was now. Putting her hands to her abdomen she could feel it growing as the water poured into her bladder. In a strange way she had missed this, the intensity of the sudden desperation as her body failed to understand what was going on inside it. She was all to aware of it, finally feeling the heavy weight and intense pressure she had been expecting. She closed her eyes, looking to the rest of the world that she was concentrating on not wetting herself as more than a litre rushed into her. But that wasn’t what she was focusing on, instead she was revelling the tightness of her muscles, the downward pressure and the sudden tightness of her dress.

Opening her eyes again she could see her bladder starting to stick out of her, a small lump protruding from her flat stomach and pressing against the tight leather dress. The last time they did this a litre would have sent spasm after spasm through her bladder and body, but this time while uncomfortable it was nowhere near as bad. Her training had clearly worked and helped raise her holding capacity significantly. Placing her hand on her bladder as the pump finished, she pressed it to test its fullness. She couldn’t help but breath in sharply as she did, her bladder felt like it would be able to hold much more, but at the same time the sudden influx of liquid meant it was still trying to stretch to accommodate it. The extra pressure of her hand so soon after it started stretching for the first time created a short stabbing pain inside her, she would have to be careful not to do that again.

The lights rotated around again, pulling the contestants back to the room.

“Time for round 4 and the category this time is food and drink”

A smile went around the group of ladies, last time they had a round on this topic they had done very well.

3 minutes later that confidence in their abilities on this topic was proven to be well founded, they managed a flawless round with no incorrect answers. There had been a couple of pauses as they considered some of the more difficult answers, but as they stood at their podiums they all seemed to be beaming with pride. Viewers could be forgiven for forgetting that this was a competition between them all, as any animosity between them seemed to have disappeared now they were doing well, but it was still early.

“Congratulations you have outdone yourself, with no wrong answers you have banked yourself an impressive £2,800” The host said, a wicked smile across her face as she new what was coming next.

“But unfortunately, that may end up costing one of you, and i'm afraid…. Amanda you were the weakest link last round with no banks. Claudia for the second round in a row you are the strongest link”

The two women were showing almost opposite emotions, the smile only growing on Claudia’s face as she kept up her impressive run of form. She had made it to third place last time, but just didn’t have the seer capacity to compete with Olivia and Alex. But this time, she was doing well again with the questions and her capacity was much greater than it was last time. Her confidence was only growing as she watched the other women squirm slightly as their pumps activated.

Amanda was still confident in her plan, the drugs would work and she would come away the winner. There was no way anyone could compete naturally with her “condition”. Despite this as her pump activated and she had to double over in discomfort as her body was filled, her blue leggings thankfully moving out the way of her expanding bladder. She scrunched her eyes tightly closed shut as the audience watched with interest. They knew this much water in such a short space of time would surely spell the end for the woman clutching her podium.

But as the seconds passed she remained dry and didn't appear that desperate outwardly. Amanda was refusing to cross her legs, it was only round 4 she couldn’t show any signs of weakness or the others would get more confidence in themselves. Her breathing became heavy but controlled as she slowly breathed in her mouth and out her nose. Each inhale feeling like it was responsible for her growing body, as each breath seemed to coincide with her stretching abdomen.

At the 20 second mark she could feel her muscles starting to spasm internally, there was no pain and the discomfort was still mild, but she could feel the unmistakable signs of a bladder protesting its current explosive situation. Finally, the pump ended its torment as Amanda’s hands still tightly gripped the podium, but her legs had remained uncrossed. She opened her eyes, black spots filling her vision from how tightly she had closed them, her face a deep shade of red as it had flushed with exertion. But she had done it, she now held more within her than she had managed to contain last time. She placed a hand on her bulging bladder, feeling the tightness of her leggings against her skin. The drugs were doing their job, now she just had to do hers.

Current bladder totals:

Alex: 1,076 ml

Olivia: 1,953 ml

Claudia: 433 ml

Amanda: 2,748 ml

Scarlet: 851 ml

Katy: 1,543 ml

....

Hope you enjoyed this chapter!

Hopefully it didn't come across as too rushed, but from here on out it should be a little more like the earlier contest as their desperation mounts. I just didnt want to draw it out too much by turning this into two separate and longer chapters.

*052*2020-03-09 18:41

Chapter 17: A desperate two step.

Amanda was starting to feel the mass of liquid within her, clutching herself momentarily she was concerned with how bloated she felt. Her tight light-coloured leggings stretching with her bladder. But by her own experiences she didn’t remember feeling this full with such a small amount of water. Maybe it was because it was filling her unnaturally, did that make it worse? It was the only variable she hadn’t accounted for in her testing, but there wasn’t anything she could do now.

“And we are on to round 5, Science” the host announced to the contestants and cameras alike.

At least that was something to make Amanda feel better, if she could win this round it would give her body some time to adjust to the last round's water intake. Maybe that was it, it was at least a possible explanation of the intense discomfort she was feeling in her abdomen. The intensity of her desperation might be linked to the intensity of growth within her. If she could buy herself some time with this round it might help her in the long run, going off the last time they had this round it shouldn't be too much trouble to win this round.

Thankfully for Amanda that proved to be true and she won the round no problem. With no wrong answers and a maximum bank of £1,000 she was the strongest link. Although the others had all done well too, but other than herself and Alex they all had one wrong answer to their name so would have to wait to see who had banked the least. The three minutes had sped by and now as they watched the lights move around the host it seemed to take an age for her to reveal the winners and losers of the round.

“With an impressive round of quick answers Amanda, you are the strongest link this round, while Olivia im afraid you are the weakest link again.”

They had managed to get an OK amount this round of £1,760, not their highest total and having scored a few £2,000+ rounds this seemed like somewhat of a failure. But as the pumps activated, it felt more than enough to Olivia as the best part of another litre joined the contents of her stretching bladder. She was emotionally torn by a constant state of hating and enjoying the sensation currently erupting in her bladder. It wasn’t too bad now, but as she looked around she knew she would have to slow her intake if she wanted to win. Olivia knew she was capable of holding more than anyone here, but being the weakest link early not only made her fuller quicker, but also limited the intake of the others.

All 6 of them had made it further than they had in the last contest and that meant the totals were still being split evenly between 4 of them. If she wasn’t careful, they would keep getting small amounts while she ballooned out completely. Even now she could feel her dress becoming tighter by the second, but thankfully the fabric still moved easily and wasn’t constricting her growing body too much. She pinched the leather fabric away from her to test its ability to stretch further, watching it flex she was sure she still had plenty of time before it added more pressure than she might be able to handle.

Around her the other contestants were starting to feel the effects of the water as well, even Claudia who Olivia considered to be in the best position seemed to be pressing her hands lightly into the crotch of her grey leggings. A sight that surprised her, given Claudia's strong showing in the last match.

“Round 6 will be include questions on the sporting category, so lets see if anyone can beat out Scarlet this time round”

The lights came down and refocused on the 6 increasingly desperate women standing on their podiums, although most signs at this point were a lot more mild than they were at the end of the last contest.

The round started focusing on a smiling Scarlet, it was her time to shine and she needed to maximise it.

“3 minutes on the clock lets begin”

“Scarlet, which American won 3 gold medals playing volleyball?”

“Karch Kiraly” an obscure question to start that made Scarlet worried if the others got some like this, they might not get much from this round.

“Correct, Alex which basketball team have famously appeared in many television shows including Scoobydoo and Saturday Night live?”

“Harlem globetrotters”

“Correct. Amanda who did Muhammad Ali beat to win the world title in 1964?”

“Sonny Liston”

“Correct. Claudia, In which country are the headquarters of UEFA?”

“Switzerland”

“Correct” So far so good thought Scarlet, she would need to make sure to bank if it made its way around the her again. It wouldn’t be the max but since everyone was doing so well she needed to put herself ahead with some banking.

“Katy, Which sport is the most watched in America?

“American football?” I mean its in the name

“Correct. Olivia Which football team are known as the Cherries?”

“Bournemouth”

“Correct, Scarlet”

“Bank” Scarlet had done it, a full round. Even though they were just 2 questions off the maximum she had to risk it to be the strongest link. In her mind the total of what they had already achieved was more than enough for her. So given that, she just needed to play to win, even if it would cost them a little bit of money.

“Scarlet. What country was Tennis created?”

Was it England, or Scotland…. “United Kingdom” it was a sneaky play from her, but it was better than risking losing it if she was wrong.

“Correct, Alex, Who is Australia’s record rugby union try scorer”

Wait, this had been a question at one of the stupid pub quizzes her and her friends had gone to while on holiday. “David Campese” How on earth she had remembered that given the state they were in at the time was beyond her. Maybe she would have done better in school is she had a few drinks while revising...on second thought that probably wouldn't have helped.

“Correct” Scarlet nodded in approval, shocked by the young woman’s knowledge so far. She would have to keep an eye on her if any other sporting questions came up.

“Amanda, What name is given to the spear like object thrown at the Olympics?”

“Javelin”

“Correct, Claudia what colour ball is worth 1 point in the game of snooker?”

“Red”

“Correct. Katy, Which course hosts the Scottish Grand National?”

Damit, Katy had no interest in sports and hadn’t really brushed up on them. In her mind it was an educated risk, she was never going to win against Scarlet so she just accepted that and focused on other things. She had been expecting to be at risk of being the weakest link, but she had not planned on being the weakest in 2 other rounds already.

Katy took a deep breath “Pass”

Despite this misstep from Katy, the rest of the round went well for the six women. Scarlet banked again and ensured her spot at the top which also meant on the third go around she could let the play continue and gain the maximum amount for the first time. The smile that had appeared on her face at the start of the round didn’t disappear the entire time as she enjoyed being in the top position for once. She was almost beaming as she got her questions correct and could feel herself moving one step closer towards winning the prize.

“Congratulations Scarlet, you are again the strongest link of the sports round, while i'm afraid Katy you are the weakest link with one wrong answer and no banking.”

Katy had been hoping that someone else would slip towards the end, but it seemed they had all be training hard in the break. Although having realised this would probably happen before the game started, she wasn’t to worried, she could take this loss.

Her pump activated again, with half the £2,370 total pushing its way into her bladder. Katy was now holding more than she did in the entire last game and it was starting to get painful for the slim woman. Her bladder visibly pressing out of her skin and against her heavily elasticated leggings. They had some more room to move but they were far tighter than she ever remembered them being, as more than a litre bloated her already full abdomen.

Still she refused to give the show the satisfaction of showing just how uncomfortable she was becoming. She would show no sign of weakness, she could take this, her body could take any…. A powerful contraction of her bladder caused her to bend over, grunting as she clenched her teeth and fought the wave of pain. Breathing heavily through her nose she was now fighting wave after wave of pressure from inside her. The pump still filling her bladder even as she tried to regain control of her spasming muscles. Katy could feel her defences weakening. She had been trying not to hold herself but a particularly strong spasm saw her hands fly to her crotch and she felt the slightest damp patch on her leggings as she fought her body for control. Thankfully the pump stopped and the pulses from her bladder slowed.

Maybe it was just sweat, that had to be it she tried to convince herself. The room was quite warm and Katy could feel herself sweating slightly. She hadn’t felt the release of anything from her bladder so it couldn’t be pee. She was still in control, for now….

“We now move onto round 7 and the chosen topic is Music”

Alex perked up at that, until now she had been somewhat of a minor player in the game. Of the 6 previous rounds she had neither been strongest or weakest link, despite her best efforts. It really seemed like the others had upped their knowledge, something she regretted not doing a bit sooner if she was being honest.

Alex could feel her bladder starting to get full, but it was nothing compared to what Olivia and Katy had been taking in this far. She had been eyeing up Olivia for a while now, happy to see her starting to make some signs of desperation. Olivia had to be her strongest rival, so if she wanted to win this again she was the one to beat. Last time Olivia had amazed Alex last with just how much she could hold and how well she held it until her muscles failed her moments before her own. But that had to be down to the drug mistakes, surely, she couldn’t repeat that performance?

Either way, Alex had a distinct advantage over her at the moment and she wasn’t going to let It slide if she could help it.

Just as with the sports round, there were not major surprises with Alex winning handily, although the training for the others had paid off again with an impressive total of £2,700. Unfortunately, this success had an unforeseen effect for one of the ladies. With no wrong answers and a high confidence level no one banked early, meaning that it was said only 5 times in the round. The last 2 being for just £20 had added a tiny amount to the prize pool, but that was all it took to stop them being the weakest link in an otherwise perfect round. From strongest to weakest, the unfortunate loser of this tight contest was Scarlet.

The pressure that her pump turned on with was enough to make Scarlet yelp in surprise having never felt anything like it. Her hands shot to her crotch as an ocean of water was forced into her bladder with reckless abandon. The pressure was immense, tears forming in the corners of her eyes as she tried to comprehend what was going on. Doubling over even further Scarlet wrapped her arms around her expanding bladder that was bulging out more and more, she felt like she was going to explode. There was no way her body to could cope with this for long, her skin tightening and ripples of pain shooting across her abdomen as it ballooned out of her. Scarlet just couldn’t handle the sudden weight of her bladder, stumbling as a haze filled her sight, she fell to her knees still clutching herself tightly.

Gasps and short chokes escaped Scarlet as she failed to control her breathing, her vision blurring as her mind was flooded with impulses from her bladder and mildly deprived of oxygen as her bladder seemed to force all the air out of her body. Six weeks ago this amount of water in one go would have split her in two, although she wasn’t sure that wasn’t about to happen now. The spikes of pain increasing in urgency and frequency as the pump still filled her, past her normal capacity and into the unknown. The despair of the pain from her bladder adding to the despair of having let her lead slip. She had been doing well but now she was in real danger or losing it right now as the thirty seconds passed. The pump finally finished torturing her, but still she stayed crouched almost sobbing as her body trembled.

The other contestants watched on as Scarlet's abdomen suddenly stretched as if a force was trying to push it out of her from the other side. The display of anguish bringing back the real memories from the last round, each of them had gone through the same thing and this was a painful reminder of what was to come. They recognised the agonised look and posture of someone demanding far too much out of their bladder.

But as the seconds continued to pass they were amazed to see Scarlet was still dry. Her bladder bulging out and the once artistic knot of a fabric belt pulled unforgiving tight against her. Despite everyone’s expectations she slowly stood on shaking legs and with unconvincing confidence, she regained a semblance of her previous composure. Everyone knew she was nearing the end, one more like that and she would be done for. Looking at her posture there was just no way she could last that much longer, her only chance was to win the next few rounds and hope the others broke soon. Her legs pressed tightly together and constantly vibrating against each other as she tried to keep her clothes dry

Scarlet was clearly in trouble, but as round 8 started she seemed to find a second wind, albeit more of a gentle breeze than a gust. Her bladder still ached terribly and her muscles were straining to keep it contained, but the mind bending discomfort of the previous 30 seconds had quickly disappeared. Her thoughts went back to the accident she had at the cinema last week, Scarlet knew her body could hold more than this but at the same time she had been leaking for almost half an hour before the dam broke in the car She would have to be more in control this time, any big or clearly visible leak would get her disqualified.

The Host began the round with Claudia and that gave Scarlet a couple of much needed extra moments before her questions.

Round 8 went by slowly for all those involved, the topic of politics not allowing a repeat of the last few successful rounds. The two strong players were Olivia and Claudia, with the others still enabling them to reach a reasonable total of £2,160. It wasn’t a bad total but compared to some of the others it wasn’t the best they had ever done. This seemed to be a worrying trend that was happening, for every amazing round they had they seemed to have several less successful ones. Although if they were winning £3,000 a round they would probably all have wet themselves by now.

“The strongest link for the first time was Olivia, while im sorry to say not for the first time, the weakest link was Katy.”

Olivia let out a pained sigh, she could finally take a break and hope that the fluids would start to level out amongst the others. Looking at the group again she could tell that even the small amount was having an impact on Scarlet. Her competitor once again was doubled over, hands between her legs as she fought off the demands of her bladder. Olivia had been surprised to see her stand up again after the last round where she had almost exploded on the spot from the looks of things. Maybe she would put up a bit more of a fight than last time. Although even then the control of the only one of them to have given birth had impressed her.

A loud grunt turned her attention to Katy, who was also impressing Olivia. She had to be almost double the amount she had lost with last time. Her face was flushed red and the bulge coming out of her abdomen displayed the extent of the issue for the young woman. Sweat was clearly forming on Katy's face, drops falling from her nose as it shined in the lights of the studio. She had to be near capacity Olivia reckoned, if she had received none of the drugs last time then it had been an unfair measure at what was it, like 2 litres.

If they did work as advertised that would mean that Katy had a capacity of what 4 Litres she guessed. How many times had she been the weakest link now, 3 or was it 4? Either way Olivia could tell she was really struggling to physically contain herself as she watched Katy get pumped fuller and fuller of water. Yet somehow she was managing to not display to many signs of desperation, it was obvious her body was under tremendous strain and yet she refused to hold herself or even cross her legs.

To Katy's left Claudia seemed to be uncomfortable too, but she didn’t seem anywhere near as desperate. Had she even been a weakest link yet? Olivia had been trying to keep track of everything but it was harder than it seemed when there is a device inside you repeatedly filling your bladder. The black haired woman was trying to look casual, but the gentle resting of her left hand against the inside of her thigh, was a clear sign of her discomfort to the now trained eyes of Olivia. Now her eyes fell onto Amanda, next to Scarlet she seemed to be the worst off. Her face was red and bladder was clearly bloated, sticking a fair distance out of her stomach. Its contents causing her to gently bounce on the spot, shifting from one foot to the other, the moments when her legs touched lingering slightly longer than they usually would have and clearly displaying how desperate she was.

Amanda had lost a couple of big rounds so Olivia wasn’t too surprised to see how desperate she was, especially given her last showing. But she had seemed so confident at the start and still seemed to be trying to put on a good show. But was it a show for them, or herself. Olivia watched almost mesmerised by the rhythmic movements of her legs, to the left, to the right and back to the left like she was dancing with an invisible partner. Amanda's face was a picture of concentration, but as Olivia watched on the pumps stopped and she opened her eyes causing Olivia to look away.

She caught the eyes of the last person, her true rival, Alex. Alex was doing well again, no weakest links yet and Olivia was sure they were in for a rematch for the record books. She couldn’t help but smile at the thought of it, realising she was in the perfect position to push her bladder and Alex’s bladder even further than they had last time. Now Olivia was really looking forward to the end of this contest, how far would she need to go to win, how much could the two rivals bladders really take she wondered.

Bladders after round 8

Alex: 2,201 ml

Olivia: 3,405 ml

Claudia: 1,558 ml

Amanda: 3,653* ml

Scarlet: 2,504 ml

Katy: 4,553 ml

###

Meanwhile, somewhere across the city.

A television set glowed in the dim light of bedroom, the curtains closed and lights off. A figure stirred opposite it, their eyes glued on the television set and a wide smile across their face.

“That’s right, its almost over for you” the figure spoke ominously. A foreboding atmosphere filled the room as they watched and waited for the downfall of the women writhing in front of them. The end was near, at least for one of them.

The gloom was suddenly penetrated by a shaft of light as someone opened the door to the mysterious person room.

“Hey, Angelica do you want anything from the shops” asked a short blonde haired woman.

“No i'm good” came the response from the black haired student, sat still in her Pyjama’s and watching the live broadcast of the weakest link.

The door closed and the petite girl went back to staring intently at the television, the smile returning as she watched her teacher desperately dance on the screen.

“Cheats never prosper” she whispered to herself while sipping from a large bottle of Cola.

She couldn’t help but look to her bedside table, a table that contained the remnants of her revenge for the teacher that had cost Angelica her dignity at college. It had taken some investigation and quite a bit of money but it had been worth it. She had never heard of Omazium before, but after reading its description she was sure it was the perfect ingredient. A potent diuretic with a warning for causing an inability to void properly after intake, she had remembered reading about Antimuscarinic effects at college and knew it was the perfect combination.

She had assumed Amanda would drink it during the day at college, hoping to see its affects first hand, but this was even better. Although even she wasn’t aware of just how well it was working. After seeing Amanda’s set up she had used the whole batch which was more than enough for 2 doses, expecting her teacher to drink one on each day. Now, not only had Amanda doubled her dosage but also the amount liquid she had drunk to do so, plus an extra coffee Olivia she all but sealed her fate. Unless the combination of other drugs could help her fight it, but she was sure that Amanda would be getting increasingly desperate even if she won, Angelica would enjoy watching her struggle.

The clearly desperate woman on the screen crossed her legs again, this time with a hand forced between them. It was clearly kicking in now, she didn’t know how much it was adding to her substantially bloated bladder but she was sure by the look on Amanda's face that it was a lot.

Angelica couldn’t help but wonder what was going through her mind at the moment, was she still confident her drug cocktail would let her win or was she starting to realise something was wrong. Either way, Angelica was enjoying watching her revenge unfold, any moment now and her bladder would burst and she would know the humiliation that she had caused Angelica.

....

Thanks for continuing to read this story guys!

I hope you are all enjoying it as the desperation ramps up.

*054*2020-03-12 20:27

{{1 hour ago, Dtravis said:

I still really enjoy this novel, thank you! One thing I would mention, no offence, but there're some inconsistencies with characters and events. Just as a simple example, in the first chapter you introduced Katy as curvy:

- it was confirmed that she has some decent curves/shapes in the chapter of her training:

- and then in the latest chapter, she is suddenly a slim woman:

}}

Yeah thats my bad, sorry for any confusion. I'll try and be more careful.

But always feel free to bring up anything like this, if people are not sure of something its probably because i've not written it carefully enough. So bringing it up helps me explain it better in a post or makes me be more clear on things in the future! Like I said at the beginning this is the first thing i've written so its a good learning experience.

Glad you are still enjoying it though!

*057*2020-03-14 20:39

Chapter 18: Turing test (long chapter)

As the cameras focused on each of the ladies during the short breaks between rounds, it was now clear to everyone watching that each of them was feeling the affect of the water now. While some were still maintaining their composure at some level, others were clearly clutching themselves or dancing in desperation. But the host wasn't going to give them more than a few second to compose themselves.

“So we are on to round 9 with all of our contestants still playing. The category for this round is general knowledge”

There was a small pause as the host looked ahead of herself, it was just for a few seconds but it caught the contestants off guard.

Normally, there were no pauses at all as they moved from one round to the other, continually pumped full of water. Only Claudia recognised the face of someone receiving instructions or information via an ear piece. It was a skill you had to work on as to not be so obvious, and it seemed as though Anne was not that well practised. After just a few moments the host looked composed again and the lights came down onto the contestants yet again, quite what she was being told was still a mystery for Claudia.

“Starting with Claudia, how many bones do Baby’s have?”

“300” A strangely uniform number that was easy to remember.

“Correct. Katy, The name given to animals that only eat plants and grasses is what?”

“Herbivore”

“Correct. Olivia, in what country did Snooker originate?”

“India” . The question made her think back to watching Tara play pool while desperate to pee, if only she had known at the time how that night would end. Olivia tried to look through the glare of the lights and into the crowd, but she couldn’t make anyone out. She wondered how her girlfriend was doing up in the stands, she was sure that Tara would be enjoying the show.

“Correct. Scarlet, when did NBA players first play in the Olympics?”

“1992”

“Correct. Alex, how many black keys are there on a piano?”

“Thirrrty Six” her confidence faltered as she answered quickly”

“Correct. Amanda. What is a golf ball made of?”

“Rubber”

“Correct Claudia. Which movie was the first to be known as a block buster?”

“Jaws”

“Correct. Katy, Who sang My heart will go on?”

“Celine Dion”

“Correct. Olivia, which brothers invented the aeroplane”

“Wright..Brothers”

“Correct”

“Bank”

“Scarlet, who discovered Australia?”

“James cook”

“Correct. Alex, Who was the first US president?”

“George Washington”

“Correct. Amanda what is the value of the Roman numeral X?”

“10”

“Correct. Claudia, Devils triangle is another name of what?”

“Bermuda triangle”

“Correct. Katy, What Character did Linda Hamilton play in the Terminator films?”

“Sarah Connor”

“Correct. Olivia, which was the only non-album song released by Led Zeplin?”

“What can I do”

“Correct. Scarlet, who wrote Charlie and the chocolate factory?”

“Roald Dhal” an easy answer. It was Teddy's favourite book for her to read to him at bed time. Although she was fairly sure the morals of the story about not being greedy or ill tempered were lost on him. He just wanted to hear about the amazing sweets and crazy machines.

“Correct. Alex, what other name is given to the state of Texas?”

“Lone star state”

“Correct. Amanda what is the Earths diameter in km?”

“12,700”

“Correct, Claudia”

“Bank” Claudia had been counting and desperately hoping that Amanda wouldn’t bank. Thankfully her opponent hadn’t and that had given her the chance too. Hopefully that would stop her being the weakest link this round, she was really starting to feel the effects of the liquid inside her. But unlike the last match and any of her previous holds, she could feel her muscles already weakening. The pressure inside her only increasing despite the fact she wasn’t currently being forced full of water. Her attention was brought back to the present by the host calling her name again.

“Claudia, what year did Hurricane Katrina devastate America”

She hadn’t been on TV then, but she had still followed the news of it closely. “2005”

“Correct, Katy what year was Microsoft formed?”

“1975” There was almost an amazed look from the host. She clearly hadn’t expected the young woman to know the answer, and she wasn’t the only one. But Katy enjoyed the satisfaction of the moment, her bladder still ached softly inside her, but she could feel the tides turning as her body adjusted to her demands. She was back in the game, although she should have banked, she hadn’t yet and they were about half way through.

“Correct, Olivia. Which city is known as the city of love?”

“Paris”

“Correct. Scarlet, which pair created Tom and Jerry?”

“Hanna and Barbera”

“Correct. Alex, who is the patron saint of Ireland?”

“St. Patrick”

“Correct, Amanda which country invented paper?”

“China” along with most other things.

“Correct. Claudia, who is the co-founder of the Fox network?”

“Rupert Murdoch”

“Correct”

“Bank” Katy wasn’t going to risk it again. If she got this right the others might be annoyed that she had cut them off, but she had to look after herself. While she felt confident in her abilities of self control again, she knew that being the weakest link might ruin that, especially this round. They were doing well, really well. By her estimates they had to be at around £3,000 and that meant one thing, a lot of water for the weakest link, and the round wasn’t even over.

“Katy, what state is Times Square found in?”

“New York”

“Correct. Olivia, which is the deepest ocean?”

“Pacific”

“Correct, Scarlet. Which country first legalised gay marriage?”

“Canada”

“Correct, Alex”

“Bank” Alex had watched Katy bank and knew no one wanted to be the weakest link this round, they were all slowly coming to the realisation that this was going to be one of, if not the biggest round they ever had. They were blowing through these questions at an amazing pace with barley a moment wasted, even the host seemed to be speeding up with them.

“Alex, What colour absorbs the most light?”

“Black”

“Correct, Amanda heavy water is another name for what?”

“Deuterium”

“Correct. Claudia what does NASA sta….?”

“National Aeronautics Space Administration”

“Correct. Katy, which planet is closest to the sun?”

What was that rhyme again My Very...oh “Mercury”

“Correct, Olivia”

“Bank” she had cut it close, not banking in the previous question was a risk. But it seemed that everyone was once again playing for themselves, possibly in fear of this round ending up in them. At this point, she was sure it would be a bladder breaking amount for most of them. Maybe only herself and Alex could manage it given the last contest. It would defiantly be interesting to see who got it and by her estimates, if she banked again it would likely be Alex. Just the thing she needed to regain the edge over her rival who was still looking quite comfortable.

“Olivia, what is a peninsula?”

“Uh...An area of land surrounded by water but attached to another larger land mass?” she wasn’t sure of that as an answer, what were they looking for. It was such an odd question and if she got that wrong, she could have just undone all her hard work.

“Correct, Scarlet what element is the symbol Fe on the…”

“iron”

“Correct, Alex how many stars are on the Australian flag?”

“5”

“Correct Amanda”

“Bank”

“When was Titanic released?”

“1997”

“Correct, Claudia, in which city was Martin Luther King assassinated?”

“Memphis”

“Correct, Katy. Which animal is the symbol of the WWF?”

“Giant Panda”

“Correct, Olivia, who did Merlin advise in ….?”

“King Arthur”

“Bank” Scarlet's face burned slightly, that was a bit to soon. Although the host didn't say anything about it thankfully.

“Correct Scarlet, El clasico is a match between whi…?”

“Barcelona and Real Madrid”

“Correct, Alex The statue of liberty was originally owned by which country?”

“France”

“Correct”

“Bank”

“Amanda Which African country was formerly known as Abyssinia?”

“Ethiopia”

“Correct. Claudia, what is a baby Kangaroo called”

“A joey”

“Correct, Katy. When was the Euro introduced?”

“1999”

“Correct, Olivia”

“Bank”

“Olivia, which country became the first in the world to have a female Prime Minister?”

“Sri Lanka”

“Correct. Scarlet, what is the maximum time a player can look for a ball in golf?”

“5 minutes”

“Correct”

“Bank”

“Alex, On which ship did Charles Darwin make his famous expedition, which led to his theory of evolution?”

“The beagle”

Finally the buzzer went on what was an amazing round for them. No wrong answers and lots of banking.

"Correct"

“Congratulations ladies, what a round! I can now confirm that you have managed to break the all time record for any round total. Together the six of you really showed your skills as you banked a massive £3,500.

A tenseness filled the air once again as the ladies waited to find out who was the strongest but more importantly who was the weakest link.

With such a massive round, this could take any of them to their breaking point, with almost 2 full litres on the line. For some that amount was more than what they were already holding from several rounds, while for others it was almost the same as what they had held before pissing themselves in the last contest. This would really be a turning point in the match for many of them. As soon as one fell as they were sure they would soon follow, with the amount each woman got from the rounds increasing with less of them to share the load.

“I can confirm that it is Scarlet who is the strongest link” A sigh of relief was audible above the silent room. The only other sounds the faint buzz of the studio lights and quiet shuffling of some of the audience. “For one of the first times we have a joint Weakest link, with no wrong answers from any of you and both banking the same amount. Those two are Alex and Amanda."

Olivia’s eyes light up, her estimates were right and this could really help her.

“But im afraid there can only be one weakest link per round, so as the rules state it goes to the person who answered the least questions correctly”

A confused look went around the group, surely that was the same as the most wrong answers, isn’t it?

The host continued “So that means that with one less correct answer, the weakest link is….Amanda”

The realisation hit Amanda about what the host was talking about when she said least correct, Alex had answered one more question that her before the time ran out.

“No please” Amanda whimpered to the host, as she waited for the pump to reactivate. her body was too full, she could feel her skin already stretched and now she was about to be filled with so much more. But her quiet protest fell on deaf ears as her pump switched on inside of her.

Amanda let out a low guttural scream as her already bloated body was rammed full of more water. Almost a mirror image of Scarlet just moments before she sank to her knees, clutching herself with both hands. She pressed her legs as tightly against each other as possible, stooping to sit on the heels of both of her feet. She could feel every fibre of her body expanding as each second passed, more and more water entering her body and pumping it fuller and fuller. Amanda’s eyes were screwed shut, her face instantly flushing red as sweat started to gather on her skin. Her body and mind felt under attack as they sent conflicting signals to each other, overwhelming Amanda totally. She wasn’t sure what to do, she had to stop the feelings going on in her body, she was filled with anxiety as she panicked internally. She couldn’t take this, it had to stop or she felt like she would literally explode, her body just wasn’t capable of holding this much liquid.

Amanda’s hear rate picked up and her breathing became hard and laboured as the blonde woman remained crouched on her podium, each second passing only increasing the despair and pain she was feeling. By the halfway mark her bladder was sending almost constant pulses of pain, radiating around her body, she could feel her bladder spasms all the way from her head to her toes. Short staccato notes escaped her throat between her pained and panting breaths.

The guttural noises and squeaks escaping her increasing in volume as the pressure within Amanda's bladder and body also increased in volume of a different kind. It was too much, her face frowned and scrunched even tighter as she bit her lip to stop from screaming loudly into the room. Her body still convulsing as the pump continued to wreak havoc inside her. Amanda could suddenly taste blood, she was biting her lip hard enough to draw blood, but she didn’t care about her lip, all her focus was on her bladder right now.

After 30 seconds the agony of being pumped full was over and the pain abated slightly, but her bladder now constantly pulsed and shuddered inside her. There was just no way she could move without exploding. Opening her eyes she could see that her abdomen now stretched inches out of her, standing almost a foot out in front of her previously flat stomach. Her bloated organ looking almost alien to her, unable to comprehend the amount of space and distance it was taking up as her body had expanded. Amanda’s light blue leggings were now pulled so taught across her expanded bladder that the blue had given way to an almost white colour, the Lycra being forced apart to accommodate her new body mass. The dark purple of her cotton underwear also clearly visible through the straining fabric.

Moments passed as still she crouched, panting heavily and unable to move. Amanda’s face was now a pale shade of white, going from the bright red of exertion to a colour that made her look physically ill. Was it possible for a body to go into to shock from being so rapidly filled with so much liquid? if it was, Amanda was a prime candidate.Amanda knew she couldn’t handle this, she felt physically sick as she took deep breaths trying not to weep in desperation. She had tried, but she had failed and knew she had to let this out. Holding her breath she tried to loosen her muscles and let her tortured body win, but nothing happened.

Again, she tried to pee but nothing.

Looking around Amanda was suddenly conscious of the staring of the other contestants and audience alike. Each of them waiting to continue the game, their desperation only increasing as they watched her while receiving their own doses.

The tears slowly falling from Amanda bloodshot eyes mixed with the sweat that was now dripping from her body. Her long black shirt saving her from displaying the full extent of her clammy and warm skin. The assault on her bladder and taste of blood had set her body to fight or flight mode and apparently that was making her sweat an alarming amount. Trying to regain control of her breathing she readied herself to stand. Amanda had tried flight so the only other option was to fight. Panting, shaking and clutching her now massive bladder she slowly rose to her feet, an agonised look on her face as each movement sent yet more spasms through her trembling frame.

Somehow Amanda regained her position at the podium, with one hand she gripped it for support while the other was now pressing hard against her crotch. It was strange, the sensations in her body were completely overwhelming and it was hard to pick what was worse, the discomfort of her full bladder or the need to pee. At this point it had all become one and Amanda’s head was swirling, but the adrenaline her body had released thinking it was under attack was starting to fight its way through. A slight beam of light coming through the fog of her desperation. Maybe, just maybe she could do this, not that she wanted to at the moment.

“So we are onto round 10, current events”

Olivia had been focusing on her bladder as it too had grown more inside her dress. The allure of the contest back in full force for the woman who was desperate to test her strength. It seemed the more she was filled, the more she wanted to be, a strange paradox of emotions as the pressure inside her grew. But taking a deep breath she knew that more than filling herself, she wanted to win this, and this was her shot to get a strongest link.

“Starting with Katy and with 3 minutes on the clock lets begin”

“Which country landed the first human-made object on the far side of the Moon?”

“China”

“Correct, Olivia. Who announced he was leaving The National Television Awards after 9 years as host?”

“Dermot O'Leary”

“Correct. Scarlet, Which European country renamed itself, hence ending a decades-old dispute with Greece?”

“Macedonia”

“Correct. Alex, Who did BBC Two viewers vote the most iconic figure of the 20th Century following a series that asked the public to name the century's greatest figure?”

“Uhh…” it was such a vague question….BBC, what do they show. “Sir David Attenborough?”

“Incorrect, it was Alan Turing”.

That one wrong answer was all it took for her to be the weakest link for round 10. The three minutes passed by quickly with no wrong answers despite a series of complicated questions. The other contestants were surprising Alex with their knowledge again, the amount of information they seemed to pull out of thin air was amazing. Or it would have been if she wasn’t competing against them, now it was starting to be worrying. Although as the round had continued, she had realised she was still ok. The pressure from her bladder was nowhere near as extreme as it had been in her duel with Olivia last time. She was also sure she hadn’t been weakest link before this, so she was fairly sure if she could manage to only be the weakest link once in 10 rounds, she was doing something right. Plus, it had only just been her, one more wrong answer and anyone could have been right there with her.

Alex had almost gotten away with it, on the fourth round of questions it appeared that Katy was suffering from a particularly strong pulse from her bladder and had missed the question. Alex had been sure Katy was going to get it wrong as she pressed her athletic yet shapely legs together. Katy wasn’t quite squirming but her discomfort was clear for all to see, fighting a bladder that was now easy to see despite the heavy elastic of her royal blue leggings. However, just as when Alex thought she had an out, after Katy had asked the now smirking host to repeat the question she got it completely right. Much to Alex's dismay.

“At the end of round 10 I can confirm that Olivia you are the strongest link, while for the first time it is Alex that was the Weakest link. In total you manged another substantial round of £2,600”

It only took a few moments for Alex to feel her pump activate and the familiar sensation of it filling her bladder set in. Until now the sensations had been relatively peaceful, but this time the pressure was much higher. It forced her to bend as she felt her bladder start to bulge for the first time that day. Clenching her hands and pressing her thighs together she centred herself, still just about controlling her breathing as her desperation seemed to increase exponentially. An internal mantra of "you can hold more" set in as she repeated it again and again to herself. She knew her limits and this was not it, but that didn’t help stop the protests from her stretching bladder and muscles as they tried to cope with the new amount of liquid.

A loud grunt caught her attention as she saw Amanda clutching herself again and groaning as yet more water was pumped into her. Her fortitude was really something to behold, the desperate woman's breathing ragged once again. Amanda’s bladder was defiantly the largest of any of the women stood there, possibly the largest that Alex had ever seen. Even when thinking back to her and Olivia fighting it out, she wasn’t sure theirs could compete with the heavily pregnant looking bladder that Amanda was somehow containing. No wonder she had been confident at the start.

Amanda felt her pump turn on, this time accompanied by a burning sensation as her bladder was forced even bigger than it currently was. She was in agony and more tears rolled down her cheeks, thankfully the nausea had subsided but with it had come the renewed discomfort and desperation. A pulse forced her to cross her legs, although that seemed to only increase the pressure on her abdomen as her long legs compressed the space between them. Letting out a high pitched squeal her hands instinctively shot to her bladder, trying to protect it from further harm. Even the slightest brushes was sending sparks of pain dancing across her stretched flesh. Her long black top now barely covering her entire body as it was pushed further outwards due to her bloated form.

Despite her hands trying to protect her bladder, for the last 2 minutes Amanda had been trying to relax her muscles and coax the pee out of her. She was desperate for this to be over, the discomfort and pain was just too much. But it was no use, it seemed there was a mental or possibly a chemical barrier stopping her from wetting herself. Was this because of her drug mixture, she had never experienced this level of discomfort or inability to pee before. Had she done something wrong, maybe the show changed the chemical they used and now they were having some inverse reaction. Her mind went into overdrive trying to think of a way out of the situation, but she was drawing a blank.

Amanda wanted to just quit, to run off the stage, but what If she couldn’t pee even in the toilet. What if the crew became curious with her, would they find out what she had done. What would happen if they did, was this illegal? Could they fine her, would she loose her job? She couldn’t let that happen, so she only had one choice, to keep playing.

Beside her, a subtle motion went unnoticed by everyone.

Claudia had been silently battling with her body for control, trying not to give away the scale of the battle going on between her and her muscles. She could feel them quivering inside her as the pump activated. Claudia knew she shouldn’t be having this much trouble already, but her muscles were almost burning in effort. Each time the pump activated she could feel them trembling and threatening to let loose.

Just as her pump finished she had felt it, the smallest of leaks into her grey leggings. How she wished she had picked something that would show it less. Thinking quickly she put one hand into her crotch, giving it a quick press she could feel it was wet. “Fuck” she swore in her head, pressing harder she tried to push the moisture out of her leggings and onto her hand. Removing it quickly she put her now damp hand on her hip, trying to disguise her wiping any liquid on her top as casually as possible. Looking around she was thankful that most people seemed to be watching either Alex or Amanda, she had gotten away with it. But she could feel her muscles starting to struggle, why did those halfwits have to plan that stupid holding contest for the day before this show. If she lost this show because of it, he would have to hope he wasn’t in work the next time she was.

But for now she had to concentrate, the next round was beginning and somehow all 6 of them had made it dry, well almost.

The studio lights shifted again, now shinning off the sweat covered faces of many of the contestants, who were by this point in the contest fighting an increased urge to pee.

“We move onto round 11 which will be on Fashion” The host announced, causing a few looks of an unsure nature to pass between the ladies.

For Scarlet this was a worrying topic, she had very little knowledge on these things. She just hoped she wasn’t the only one and that the others would slip up too. That way, even if she was the weakest link it wouldn’t be too bad. If they had been able to mulligan one topic, it would have been this.

On the other hand this was exactly what Claudia needed, she might not have been the most knowledgeable person on this, but the life of an on-screen personality did mean she had to keep on top of modern fashion trends. Despite the tingling now coming from between her legs as her muscles continued to tire, if she could get a strongest link here it would really help her chances of making it further into the contest. The fact that everyone had made it this far was surprising her, although looking at the writhing mess that was Amanda, and the flushed faces of Katy and Scarlet she thought she was in for a chance at getting third again. Although by her accounts, both Alex and Olivia had to be far fuller than her, so maybe she did have a chance after all.

Unfortunately, Katy had other ideas. Over the next 3 minutes the 19 year old flaunted her knowledge of any and all things fashionable, from answering before the question was finished to elaborate and perfect answers. She was running the show and enjoying it no end. With each question she would lock eyes with the host, their ongoing silent battle for domination only gaining strength as the confidence in her ability to hold and determination not to let the host win increased.

“At the end of round 11, you scored a total of £2,440. Remarkably, Katy you are the strongest link for the second time while im afraid Scarlet you are the weakest link”

Even before the pumps activated Scarlet was breathing rapidly, almost hyperventilating as she waited for the agony that was about to be forced upon her. It wasn’t as much as last time but it was still far more than she wanted. As long as she…

The pumps activated again and she squealed, outstretching an arm she steadied herself on the podium putting her other hand tightly between her legs. Both thighs squeezing together to bolster her defences as her bladder was stretched even further. Thankfully the intense pressure and pain that had accompanied the earlier incident were somewhat lessened. Possibly due to the fact her bladder was already stretching abnormally out of her, the first time she had been relatively empty. So by proportion this was having less of an impact on how much her bladder would have to stretch, but while the pain was less her desperation was shooting through the roof. Her left hand pressing harder against her womanhood as she desperately fought to contain her water. She was breathing heavily, puffing out her cheeks as her face flushed again in effort. However, the sound of her heavy breathing was quickly overshadowed by poor Amanda who was really struggling.

Amanda was now constantly feeling wave after wave of pain and discomfort shooting through her body as it stretched further past her physical limits. Why had she done this to herself, why did she have to cheat. Tears rolled down her face as yet more water was pumped into her bulging bladder. At her current state it seemed that even the smallest amounts of extra liquid were pure agony for her. Amanda's skin was so tight now she felt like it could tear off her body at any moment as she clutched at herself.

The tightness of her leggings doing nothing to help the situation as they now painfully constricted her bladder which demanded yet more room to grow as it was pumped fuller and fuller. She was willing herself to just let go, she sobbed loudly into the quiet room, why couldn’t she just pee. She had never needed a piss this badly in her life and yet her body was betraying her, she was trapped in a prison of her own making. Amanda only had her self to blame, the despair of the situation causing her to sob in misery again.

Amanda’s body was now so full it was seemingly trying to get rid of the liquid within her any way possible other than peeing, sweat was now dripping off her. Running from under her breasts it rolled its way across her massively distended bladder and down her leggings. To some it may seem like she was leaking, but she knew the truth, how she wished she was leaking. Lowering her red face, she stared at the floor as she still tried to unlock the flood gates. Her blonde hair now matted against her sweating and bright red face.

Most looked on in amazement at the sweating and groaning woman, amazed at how much she was putting her body through. Even through the sobs, her control and willpower must have been amazing to carry on like this. Most had seen it last time, she had been filled repeatedly and yet had forced her body shut well beyond its capacity in the last contest. Somehow over the last 6 weeks of training she must have worked on that control, or so they thought. Only 2 people knew what was really going on and they were exhibiting the complete opposite of emotions.

Another smirk appeared on Katy’s face, she had seen something that only increased her confidence of winning. First she was the strongest link, then two of her competitors seemed to be having real trouble containing their bulging bladders. Not that her’s was any less aching from fullness, but she was in control, of the game and her bladder. But now, she had seen it, one of the competitors was leaking and it wasn’t either of the women writhing in agony at their podiums. It was the slim raven headed weather woman across from her. The studio lights had reflected off something as it rolled its way down her grey leggings. Katy had watched as Claudia closed her eyes and squeezed one hand between her legs again, before attempting to wipe it on the top of her leggings in an area where it wouldn’t be as noticeable. But Katy had noticed and now she was counting down the moments till it was just her, Olivia and Alex. Then the real contest could start.

Claudia could feel her thighs tremble as the pumps activated yet again, wincing as her bladder painfully contracted inside her. Closing her eyes she tried to focus all her energy on surviving the next 30 seconds, but less than 20 later she felt her muscles relax again as another droplet forced its way between her tightly clenched muscles. Claudia could feel her defences cracking under the strain of two massive holds in as many days. Another spasm rocked her and she felt a more substantial leak happen. The warmth spread against her hand and she felt the fainted sensations of wetness run down the inside of her left leg.

“Shit” she whispered; she was leaking. Her face flushed with embarrassment but somehow regained control again. Repeating the same movement as last time she just hoped that no one had seen it this time either. The realisation of her situation was dawning on her, one of these times she wouldn’t be able to stop the leak turning into something more substantial. She wasn’t going to win….she wasn’t going to win. But as long as she stopped herself coming last she would be OK, the shame of it would be unbearable. Opening her eyes, she focused on Amanda, “come on piss yourself already” she thought to herself, not knowing that the woman she was looking at was thinking the exact same thing.

“And we move on to round 12, History.” The host said loudly, keen to keep the contest rolling. "Three minutes ready, lets begin"

“Scarlet what year did the cold war officially end?”

“1989”

“Correct. Alex, What network aired its first music video, titled "Video Killed the Radio Star," in 1981?”

“MTV”

“Correct. Amanda, Who married Louis XVI in 1770?”

“Marie Antoinette” Somehow despite the sweat still pouring from her body, she was still able to answer the question. Her bladder throbbing inside her, but the burning sensation accompanied with the pump had stopped too her relief. While the drugs were the reason for the torment, her potent cocktail still seemed to be working to some degree with lessening the pain.

“Correct. Claudia”

Claudia bit her lip trying not to groan as another pulse from her bladder caused her womanhood to tremble. Her muscles hanging on by a thread of control.

“In what year did Christopher Columbus discover the New World?”

“1492”

“Correct”

The next three minutes were filled with the occasional gasps, groans and shuffling noises as the women fought their bloated bladders. Claudia’s desperation becoming more pronounced as her legs started to vibrate against each other as she stood at the podium. The first signs of her desperation many of the contestants had seen. Between questions she was now biting her lip, a worried look coming over her face as she constantly shuffled and prayed for Amanda to pee first. It was just a matter of time. Amanda though was still trying to do the same, yet her body refused to relax even as it spasmed and demanded to be released. Next to her Katy and Scarlet gently rubbed a hand over their bladders, trying to sooth the not so dull ache’s they were experiencing, with any sudden pressure or movement causing their bladders to pulse dangerously.

Only Olivia seemed to be doing well, she was still watching Alex, the signs of desperation were slowly appearing on her rival and she was interested to see how they would progress. Alex was now stood with her legs pressed tightly against each other. One foot occasionally tapping into the other, she could see the desperation rising but if she was honest so was her's.

It was this interest in her rival that had caught her out, like a school boy caught staring at their crush she had not noticed the round progress to her. Missing the half the question she attempted to answer but got it completely wrong. Her face blushing, she had been caught out. Her new found love of desperate women was really starting to be a distraction, being surrounded by 5 beautiful and desperate women was a dream come true but now, it was a real hindrance to her chances of winning. She wanted to slap herself for being so stupid, although if she was able to be so easily distracted was that a good sign right? Her desperation was indeed strong, but it cant be that bad if she could so easily switch it off. That was the only positive thing she could think of about what had just happened. That and thankfully Alex didn’t seem to have noticed her staring.

“At the end of that round, ladies you scored £2,720. Another impressive total with the six of you working well.”

“The strongest link this time was Scarlet with the most amount of banking, but with the most wrong answers Olivia you are the weakest link.”

Dam, that mistake was really going to cost her Olivia thought to herself.

The contestants felt their pumps activate for the 12th time that day as another litre was pushed into Olivia. Pursing her lips she did her best not to let the pressure get the better of her. Her need to pee was escalating rapidly, it seemed she had found and now gone past her limits and her body was starting to respond. Pressing her legs together she put one hand between her legs, she wasn’t that desperate yet but she knew that a show of force wouldn’t work in the long run. It might give the others some more confidence, but Olivia knew it was more about substance than trying to act tough. If her body asked for help as it was now, she was going to give it what it wanted.

Another loud groan from Amanda caught her attention, how the heavily bloated woman was still standing was something to behold. Olivia considered herself to have a bladder of steel, but that title might have to go to Amanda at the current time. The red-faced woman now had both hands pressing into her crotch as she grimaced and moaned almost constantly in discomfort. Even the smallest amounts of pressure were clearly causing a substantial amount of pain for her, Would Olivia really go through it to that extent to win? She usually enjoyed this but if she got to that point, she would seriously consider giving in.

“Oh shit!” A cry went out into the room, followed quickly by a short splattering noise.

All attention turned to the black-haired beauty currently hunched over with both hands covering her obviously wet crotch, snakes of wetness running down her thighs and past her knees. A small puddle of liquid beneath her on the podium clearly giving away the situation, Claudia had temporarily lost control while being filled and a few moments later the thundering of running water hitting a solid surface filled the room as she groaned. For a few moments Claudia tried to stop her tired muscles releasing her bladder. But they were just too tired, after two days of being denied a proper bathroom schedule they were taking matters into their own hands. Still groaning the patter of her pee hitting the floor continued, her leggings darkening along the inside of her toned legs. A large puddle forming between her shoes as she continued to empty herself on the stage. After 10 seconds Claudia finally gave up, realising it was far to late to recover. Her muscles just didn’t have the strength.

Straightening up the splatter intensified for a moment, her body relaxing completely. Claudia was now standing with her legs apart, her piss freely draining from her body directly beneath her crotch, the clear liquid thundering onto the ground and joining the rest of her expanding puddle. “Dam it” she said quietly, she had come last, the worst possible outcome. She cursed who ever had come up with the idea of the pee holding contest for yesterdays show. Who ever they were, this was their fault.

From third to worst, how could this happen.

Close to a minute went by as Claudia continued wetting herself for the cameras, the final drops falling from her soaked leggings and into the puddle beneath her. Closing her legs she could feel the wet fabric clinging to her, reminiscent of her jogging accident weeks earlier. Maybe these leggings were just cursed, that’s twice she had pissed in them. Shaking her legs to get the last drops off, Claudia slowly walked off the stage, leaving the five other women to continue their desperate game.

Bladders after round 12

Alex: 4,584 ml

Olivia: 5,508 ml

Amanda: 6,375* ml

Scarlet: 4,049 ml

Katy: 5,314 ml

Claudia: 2,996 ml – 6th

###

So the first contestant has been eliminated and the pressure is mounting. Who will be next, Will Amanda ever get to be able to pee or will she keep being filled until she wins?

Thanks for reading, this may have turned out a little long but hopefully that doesn’t put anyone off

If you are interested in how much Amanda is actually holding ill put I here in a spoiler. I dont know if anyone would prefer not to know until the end? But since its a feature I thought I would use it.

Spoiler

Amanda's unknowing total is 7,655 ml. This from the diuretic plus 660ml of water and lets say 350ml of Coffee (Also a diuretic).

*060*2020-03-21 05:12

Chapter 19: In a pickle

Amanda was now constantly groaning with the effort of controlling her mammoth bladder, unable to stand up straight or move. Just listening to Claudia’s gushing accident had been yet another form of torture for the woman who was trapped inside her own aching body, unable to achieve any relief despite her best efforts. Part of Amanda had hoped the splattering noise would have caused her body to let loose too, but to her dismay it simply increased the frequency and ferocity of the pulses coming from her bladder. Standing hunched at her podium she had to be ready for the next round, whether she liked it or not.

“Starting with Alex, this round will be on English literature”

Alex shifted slightly where she stood, the pressure inside her felt like it had doubled since her weakest link round. Before that she had been confident in her ability to hold her bladder, but as the rounds progressed she could feel the tightness returning in her bladder. The smart and once loose-fitting red dress now much tighter against her skin as her bladder expanded. A faint hue of sweat glistened off her skin as she felt her body starting to struggle with her demands, but she could manage a while longer.

“Three minutes on the clock, Alex. The thought police first appeared in what novel from 1949?”

“1984”

“Correct. Amanda, Which poet wrote Fools rush in where angels fear to tread?”

Another groan echoed around the room as Amanda’s face grimaced as another painful spasm hit her. Barely able to comprehend the questions, the ray of light through the desperation was now gone and she felt as if her mind was quivering in tandem her bladder. She was completely full, her entire body not just her bladder, and nothing could distract her from the all encompassing need to pee she was currently experiencing.

“I don’t know, Im sorry....” she said mournfully to the host.

“The answer was Alexander pope”.

Amanda sobbed where she stood, aware of what that would likely mean for her. She was too full to answer the questions and that would mean she would probably be the weakest link again. She couldn’t take it, she had to get something right and stop this torment. Her face scrunched up in absolute discomfort as she waited for the host to turn back to her in the next round. Hearing Alex bank this early told her all she needed to know, no-one had confidence in her and she wasn’t sure they were wrong not too.

“Amanda, What fictional character lived at 7 Savile Row?”

Panting softly as she stood at her podium Amanda could almost feel the two neurons in her brain connect, despite being overwhelmed with signals from her bloated body.

“Phileas Fogg” She spluttered out.

“Correct” She sighed in relief, one down who knows how many to go.

The relief she felt doubled when Alex got her next question wrong, this was her chance.

“Amanda, what was Inspector Teal's real name in the Saint series of books?”

The world was instantly foggy again, the only sound she could hear was that of her racing heart beating in her ears. She hadn’t even heard of the series let alone the real characters name.

She closed her eyes as the brief moment of mild optimism was quickly replaced with that of true despair.

“Pass” she whimpered out quietly, all to aware of the implications. One wrong answer was more than enough in the previous rounds, so with two it wasn’t looking good for Amanda. Her desperate situation only getting worse as the seconds ticked by and despite not being filed she thought she could feel her body stretching even more. The skin of her once flat stomach pulled preposterously tight, creaking under the strain of her bladder.

Somehow, she got another question right, but over the next 2 minutes her fate was sealed. With 4 passes in the round there was no way back, she would be the weakest link and tears streamed down her face again. She was at her wits end, the once strong willed and supremely confident woman turned into a groaning mess of desperation. Her brain crying out for her body to relax and end it, while the same body refused to obey and kept the litres upon litres of swirling liquid inside of her.

“Congratulations, despite a few wrong answers, with some efficient banking to reduce the risk you ladies still managed to get £2,420. Impressive considering the…..limitations”

The other ladies felt bad for Amanda, but at the same time she could just give in. it was only her will power and determination causing her to suffer, or so they thought. Plus, it seemed the poor woman was now so desperate that she was unable to answer difficult questions, which would be bad for her but good for all of them. The longer she kept up this charade the less they would have to take. But surely, at some point she would reach her maximum?

“Olivia, congratulations you are the strongest link, just beating out Scarlet in terms of Banking. While you Alex did in fact bank the most, that one wrong answer has kept you from the title. The weakest link for this round is Amanda.”

Amanda cried loudly as her pump activated yet again, already at her limit meant that even the smallest amounts was agonising. But to have more than a litre added to her already stretched and aching body was mind blowing. Fireworks started to go off throughout her abdomen, every fibre of her body was almost vibrating with desperate energy as she clutched herself. The thigh fabric of her leggings now cutting into her and splitting her bladder, the top bulging out further than the bottom and causing even stronger pulses to shoot through her body. Its unnatural size now paired with its unnatural position. Seconds passed as her internal pump continued to inflate her like a cruel joke, but still her bladder grew as she groaned. Her face once again drenched in sweat as It poured from her body, the black shirt she was wearing now drenched and clinging to her as she writhed in pain.

The others watched on as their own desperation increased, the good round also filling them all a considerable amount. The loss of Claudia was increasing their doses per round as each woman approached their physical limits. Crossed or pressed together legs could now be seen across the stage as the contestants were filled while watching poor Amanda. She was writhing as she stood there, contorting herself into shapes and postures that no one thought possible. She was stuck in a perpetual torment of trying to do something to protect her bladder while not stopping it from released. The natural instinct of pressing your crotch doing nothing for the latter as she cradled her swollen stomach.

A few moments later a cracking noise filled the room as the very fibres of Amanda’s leggings started to snap due to the immense pressure they were under, her body now several sizes too large for them. But finally, Amanda felt it, her swollen and still filling bladder shook with tremendous force as the biggest pulse she had ever felt rocked her sweating and groaning body. Letting out a violent and guttural moan of pure relief her piss shot out of her like a water hose, the relief unimaginable. Her body had been taken so far beyond the edge of what was natural, but finally she had unwittingly found its limit. Filled and bloated well beyond any reasonable level by her hubris, her body was finally taking back control. It had reached its physical limit and no matter what signals she might have tried to send, it was emptying her bladder and emptying it now.

The tightly stretched material of her leggings did nothing to stop the torrent of pee as it burst out of Amanda. Instantly saturated it sprayed in almost a full 360 degree arc, such was the force. Her legs trembled and her mind was filled with pure bliss. Still panting and sweating heavily her piss roared out of her and onto the solid stage, the puddle already encompassing that of Claudia. The sheer volume she had contained meaning the spray and tremendous force carried her water far in all directions. The gigantic puddle quickly racing away from her and across the flat stage. A torrent of her oddly acrid smelling piss rained out of her swollen bladder and then drained off her podium.

After 30 seconds her bladder finally stopped pulsing inside her, the burning sensation also stopping as her bladder quickly deflated. Despite the immense pressure and speed at which is was emptying it, the large bulge in her abdomen still showed there was plenty left. Her pee continued to thunder out of her tortured body for a full two minutes, the frothing puddle spreading out almost 10 meters in all directions, a thin layer of wetness almost covering the entire stage. The worried looks of some of the crew showing the sheer scale of her accident as her piss started to encroach upon the expensive cameras and equipment still filming the catastrophic failing of her bladder. Finally she ran empty, the tank that was her bladder was dry and her stomach flat once again.

Amanda wept again, this time in pure delight, her torment was over. Now empty her body still occasionally twitched and spasmed as she stood there, for the first time comfortable. Her sweat and piss covered cloths quickly cooling against her skin, the entire of her now destroyed leggings were a much darker shade of blue, not an inch had been spared. Amanda could feel the waistband of them now loose against her, stretched beyond repair. A few moments of quiet contemplation passed and despite being wet mess, Amanda couldn’t have been happier, it was finally over. Slowly she straightened up and opened her eyes, seeing the hurried motions of crew grabbing towels to stop her flood from damaging anything. Still clutching her throbbing bladder she gingerly stepped her way through the giant puddle she had made and walked off the stage. The silent room filled with the sounds of her wet footsteps as she caused ripples to flow through her puddle.

The awkward silence was broken by the host.

“Well looks like we are down to four contestants, who if they are ready, we will move onto round 14 which will now begin with Katy” The host said raising an eyebrow at the young woman.

Katy had started to sweat now, the extra fluid from that last round was really starting to stretch her out as well. Plus the added effect of being filled while the spectacle of Amanda’s accident had unfolded had only increased discomfort. For the first time she had crossed her legs to support her muscles that were starting to struggle. Pulling her leggings up tighter she made sure the waistband now sat above her bladder, giving her a little respite, learning from the possible mistakes of Amanda.

Her hand quickly pressed into her crotch as the lights span, a small gesture to herself but even the small amount of extra pressure on her crotch helped calm her bladder. While she still felt massively bloated and If she was at home she would have just about done anything to reach a bathroom and let it all out, she new she wasn’t at home and she wasn’t about to let it all out. She had a contest to win and the last few rounds had really evened the playing field. Katy hadn’t been the weakest link in 5 full rounds and was really starting to see the others suffer like she was early on. But unlike her,, they would not have other contestants to help by being the weakest link. With now just 4 remaining, the chances of coming in the middle of the pack were much lower and so were the margins of failure.

Looking around Katy could also see the other three ladies fighting their bodies as the round started. Scarlet still had her eyes shut, both hands between a pair of tightly crossed legs. Despite any discomfort the tightly crossed legs might have had, it looked like Scarlet's muscles needed the extra help. Meanwhile Olivia and Alex, her real competitors were both staring at the giant puddle, still dripping from the podium. The looked mesmerised, although wile Alex stood with her legs firmly pressing together and a slightly worried look on her face, Olivia just looked entranced as her thighs gently rubbed together and a rather flushed look coming across her face.

“Round 14 will be on the Animal Kingdom”

“Katy, which bird is known as the symbol of peace?”

“Dove”

“Correct, Olivia what type of animal is a Mandrill?”

“Primate”

“Correct, Scarlet. What was the name of the oldest living Giant Panda?”

“Uh….” She did know this, it had come up in many of the trivia games. It seemed like the makers all seemed to love this panda. “Jia Jia”

“Correct, Alex”

Despite the extra time of being last to answer Alex wasn’t ready. Her bladder was full and pulsed uncomfortably inside her. Watching Amanda writhe and contort herself before she had exploded had brought back all the painful memories of the last match, and with them came an increase in her desperation. Leaning against her podium she was slowly shaking her legs, pressing her thighs and tensing her muscles rhythmically. Her tight red dress was really starting to be an issue, she had picked it over trousers because of the pain they caused last time.

It had been excruciating, the pressure of a solid waistline, but now she could feel her figure-hugging dress compressing her entire body. Unlike with her Khaki pants she could feel it increasing her desperation throughout her body rather than in one specific location. Although she wasn't sure which felt worse, but at least she could have undone her trousers. Hearing her name she crossed her legs tightly, but she still didn’t want the others to know how much she was starting to struggle. She had won the last time and if she showed weakness they might think they had a chance to win.

“Alex, What is the collective name for a group of Hedgehogs?”

“A pickle” she smiled, a pickle of hedgehogs, what a weird name…. a tremble from her muscles meant that even the smallest enjoyment at the funny name was drawn short. Her body was starting to protest again, she wasn’t sure how much more she could take before it would become totally obvious.

“Correct. Katy, What is the smallest Mammal?”

“The Etruscan shrew” she said with an air of authority.

“Correct. Olivia, What animal has the longest lifespan?”

“Bowhead Whale”

“Correct, Scarlet. What type of animal is the Mexican Hairless?”

“Dog”

“Correct, Alex”

Her bladder was throbbing again, what was happening inside her? By this point of every other round it had calmed down, except this time. The filling process spiked her desperation as always, but worryingly hadn't reduced. A hand went down to her crotch as she felt her muscles tremble again.

“The fingerprints of which animal are said to closely resemble Humans?”

“Koala” she muttered, trying not to let her voice falter as she felt another pulse. Her eyes glanced down at her abdomen which she could swear she saw move on its own. Ripples of pain started to shoot across it, like sparks dancing on the surface of her skin.

“Katy,”

“Bank”

“Katy, how long does it take a sloth to digest its food?”

“Two weeks”

“Correct, Olivia”

Olivia had been watching her rival with some interest over the last few minutes. Her face had been starting to show some real concern, but Olivia could tell it must have been worse than what she was trying to show the others. Alex’s hand kept moving unconsciously towards her crotch before moving away. She was constantly scrunching her hand into a tight fist and then relaxing it, making Olivia wonder if the same pulses that had started a couple of rounds ago in her bladder were also occurring in her rivals. She had watched as Alex’s hand crunches had gathered speed, it seemed as if something was going wrong, that is if she was right about it being a mirror of her rivals desperation.

Alex crossed her legs again, pressing her crotch lightly into the podium. This movement seemed to pull her dress up slightly and allowed Olivia a better view. Now that she could see Alex’s slender leg muscles tensing in rhythm too, she had to be right about Alex's bladder. Suddenly Alex’s tensing stopped as her muscles remained strained from a moment longer than usual. A small rivulet of liquid ran down the back of one of Alex’s legs. It was a small leak but it had been a leak and Olivia was instantly obsessed. Her rival, her bladder busting rival had just leaked. She felt her bladder pang sympathetically, but she could also feel another sensation growing but that was the last thing she should be thinking about at a time like this.

Olivia also became aware of the camera in front of her, the light was red which meant she was being broadcast. Her eyes darted to the host who was looking at her, “Shit” she thought internally, her mind had wandered again and it might have the same effect as last time. She had no idea what the question was and worse she was almost sure they had just shown images of her staring at Alex to the world.

“Im sorry…Can you repeat the question” she said reluctantly. Her face burnt with embarrassment as the precious seconds ticked by.

“How many legs do Mites have?”

In some ways the simple question made her embarrassment worse, if it had been a more complicated question she might have been able to play it off as not understanding it.

“Six”

“Incorrect, they have 8”

Olivia scrunched her face and tilted her head back; she should have known that. Bollocks.

“Scarlet, What is the largest animal in the world?”

“Blue Whale”

“Correct. Alex, which African animal has no vocal chords?”

She could still feel the wetness between her legs, the warm patch in her panties easy to identify as she shuffled her legs back and forth. The momentary crack in her defences had consequences, causing a burning sensation in her bladder as it ached to release more.

“Giraffffffffe” She hissed through her teeth as another spasm hit her. The escalation in her desperation now clear for all to see, not just Olivia.

“Correct. Katy, What is the scientific name given to tigers?”

“Panthera tigris”

“Correct, Olivia, What venomous snake is found in the UK”

“The Adder”

“Correct, Scarlet. Murder is the collective term for a group of what animal?”

“Crows”

“Correct, Alex”

“Bank”

“How many chambers does the heart of a cockroach have?”

Another drop escaped past her tired muscles causing her to groan quietly, her hand pressing tightly against her dress as she felt the wetness of her underwear start to soak through, causing her to reluctantly release her grip.

“4”

“incorrect, its 12” Alex groaned again, she had been doing so well but ever since that Weakest round, things had been quickly spiralling out of control.

“Katy, which part of an insect are all the legs attached too?”

“Thorax” Katy was having another great round, she had always hated science at school but the one part of it that she had done well in was Animals.

“Correct, Olivia. The leader of a group of Elephants is known as what?”

“Matriarch” A term many in the office used to refer to her, despite her young age.

“Correct. Scarlet which UK mammal is uniquely able to fly?”

“Bats”

“Correct, Alex, Sika and Roe are types of what animal?”

“Deer”

“Correct, Katy. What is the smallest reptile in the world?”

“Leaf Chameleon”

“Correct. Olivia, Which animal has the shortest Pregnancy?”

“Opossum”

“Correct, Scarlet. How many glasses of milk does a dairy cow produce over its lifetime?”

“200,000” Another random fact from the kids trivia game coming in handy, or was that something she read on the milk cartons she gave her kids.

“Correct. Alex, A common ladybird has sports of which colour?”

“Black”

“Correct, Katy.”

“Bank”

“Katy, Where is the heart of a shrimp located?"

"Its tail"

"Correct. Olivia,"

"Bank"

"how many legs do Lobsters have?”

“10”

“Correct”

Just as the host announced Olivia was right, the round buzzer went and it was over.

The four women stood on the stage in their states of desperation, trying to collect their thoughts. A faint dark spot and faint glimmering trails on the slender legs of Alex a sign of the increasing desperation in the room. Scarlet pressed her hands firmly into her crotch, tensing her muscles almost constantly. Her level of desperation increasing steadily for the last 10 minutes. Meanwhile a quiet rasping noise filled the room as Olivia and Katy squirmed, shuffling their legs against themselves as they waited for the host to announce the winners and losers of the round, it had been close and with a few wrong answers.

“So that was another great round, you secured yourself an impressive £2,920. There was a close contest for strongest and weakest links, but for this round Katy you are the strongest while Olivia you are the weakest link.”

“Shit” Olivia thought to herself again, she had been doing so well early on and now she was about to rocket into last place. Her bladder throbbed demanding, the pumps hadn’t even activated and yet but she could feel that the anticipation was making her need to pee worse. Gripping herself between her legs she waited for the uncomfortable feeling of her pump activating.

A chorus of groans filled the room, some low and guttural while others were strained and high pitched. All four women were closing on their absolute limits as the show runners pumped them periodically fuller and fuller. Only Katy stood tall as the rounds strongest link, but even she could feel her muscles straining under the immense pressure in her abdomen. Watching the others she shifted slightly, pressing one leg into the other and clenching herself, trying not to let her body respond to the others actions.

Olivia’s guttural moan reverberated through her throat as she looked up, searching for a refuge for her mind as it became overwhelmed with the need to pee. Her previous confidence almost disappearing completely as her body responded to the rapid intake of new water. She had been managing the discomfort well to this point, but while it wasn’t anything new to her she gasped, rapidly sucking in air as her stomach bulged even more. Groaning again she pulled more forcefully on her crotch, her defences threatening to crack any moment, she had learnt from the last contest where trying to show your strength got you.

As she focused on the Olivia could feel them trembling as if they too were nervous about her rapidly deteriorating ability to keep herself dry. Alarm bells were starting to go off, she had never felt like this before or at least not this quickly, the sudden nature of her desperation only increasing her worry. What had happened, she must have held several litres on multiple occasions before, why was this any different?

She watched as her bladder started to stick further and further out of her until she was hit with the realisation, she had never seen it like this before. It protruded inches out of her, the dress doing little to hide the obvious bulge in her abdomen. Was this the most she had ever held? How much more could she hold? The desire, the heat and anticipation of the last match returned at full force. Until now she had held similar amounts in her games with Tara, so it wasn’t anything new. But now, she was finally going into unknown territory again and pushing her limits. This is what she came back for, the feeling, the ultimate need and the internal pressure that seemed to hit all the right spots for her. Olivia could feel her body start to sweat but she wasn’t sure if it was from the exertion of keeping herself contained or the erotic drive to hold more and more until she could hold not a single drop extra.

Next to her both Alex and Scarlet were sweating also, but for both of them it was the complete and utterly desperate situations they found themselves in. Alex had knotted her legs together as she gripped the podium with two outstretched arms. Her face flushed as she all but hung from the podium in a stooped position, her bladder screaming for her to release it. Not for the first time she could feel pain radiating out from her bladder which now felt like a solid lump inside of her. The light fabric dress was now pinching at the skin near her armpits as it was pulled and stretched to accommodate her still growing bladder.

Scarlet was not doing much better, an almost constant hiss of air was coming out of the red faced woman as droplets of sweat gathered on her flushed skin. Eyes and moth shut, she was trying to contain everything, but as the pump kept doing its job it was making hers much harder. The fabric of her trousers starting to strain as her bladder bloated, but Scarlet knew she had a long way to go before reaching the levels of Amanda. Despite that she felt her muscles tire for a moment, a large spasm separating them and causing a few droplets to leak into her white cotton underwear. Slamming her legs together she grunted as her eyes flew open. Breathing heavily through her nose she could feel another spasm quickly approaching, but moments before she felt her pump turn off and the oncoming disaster was somehow averted, for now.

Next to her Alex had not been so lucky, more than a few droplets had escaped her and she could feel a distinct wet spot between her legs. Placing a hand against it only confirmed her worst fears, it was significantly wet. Quickly thinking she had to make sure her dress didn’t touch it, the light red material would likely display the wetness easily. Groaning she carefully stood up, her bladder still pulsing inside her. Somehow she regained her position without further leaking but Inside her body the battle for control was raging on. The liquid that had escaped her clenched muscles seemed to be calling to what was left inside her, trying to show it the way out as she felt another pulse. Her pee raced towards the exit of her bulging bladder, a louder groan this time escaped her pursed lips as she somehow stopped it before it could escape. A single tear ran down her check, the sheer effort and discomfort from her bladder clearly taking its toll on the young woman.

Internally Alex was sobbing, despair had replaced any hope she had of winning this thing. The desperation she currently felt was a match for what she remembered from the end of the last test. Feeling the tear roll down her face she was starting to wonder what she was doing, the agony of her bladder was almost too much to bare. She had won the first contest and had thought she was a sue in for it again, but the other women had upped their game significantly. She wasn’t even sure if she could compete with these iron bladdered women at any level. When it was just her and Olivia she had been optimistic she could win, just waiting for one more woman to wet them self, but this time as she looked around there were still 3.

It could only take one more round for them all to lose but could she hold that long?

“With the pumps finished we will move onto round 15, Technology.”

“Olivia we will start with you.”

“What was the original meaning of the word robot?”

“Uh….” What a question to start on. “Pass” Olivia cursed in her head, she couldn’t be the weakest link again. As much as she was starting to enjoy this she still wanted to win.

“Scarlet, when was the first Photo taken?”

“1826”

“Correct, Alex”

The cameras turned on in front of Alex, just in time for some observant audience members to see a rivulet of pee run down the back of leg. Desperately she squirmed and tensed her body, cutting off a fully-fledged accident.

“Alex, what substance was the first computer mouse made from?”

“I ughh” she squirmed again, her underwear getting increasingly wet as more small spurts escaped through the cracks in her bladders dam. A disaster was inevitable and yet, still she fought on.

“Metal”

“Incorrect, it was made from wood”

“Katy, what did the company Nintendo originally sell to consumers?”

“Playing cards”

“Correct. Olivia, the term Android means robot with a male appearance, what is the term for female robots?”

“I…Omdroid?” It was a total guess to her, Man – droid, so Woman – Droid ?

"Incorrect, the correct term is Gynoid”

“Scarlet, In what country was the first Mobile phone call made?”

“Japan”

“Incorrect, it was America” Oh no! Scarlet's bladder pulsed seemingly in reaction to the wrong answer, making her press her legs tighter together. She was starting to wonder if somehow this show was conditioning her to feel an increased need to pee when getting questions wrong. That would defiantly make pub quizzes or games with the kids more interesting.

“Alex”

As all eyes turned to the reigning champion she shuddered violently, clutching herself between her legs aloud splashing noise signalled that despite the young woman's best efforts, she simply could not hold her bladder shut any longer. Her hands cupped her womanhood creating a small pool as she groaned in relief, her pee quickly overflowing her hands and splashing noisily onto the floor. “Oh no” she whimpered, mirroring Scarlet moments before as Alex's bladder reached its capacity and was not willing to hold on for one more minute.

Removing her soaking hands Alex’s pee fell from her body unobstructed, her already soaking wet underwear forming little barrier to stop the onslaught of water as they clung to her body. A single strong stream fell between her legs as a dark red patch quickly spread up her knee length dress from her crotch. Her underwear actively letting the liquid flow across it and onto her once dry red dress. Closing her eyes Alex sobbed, she had failed to contain herself and despite her best efforts she just couldn’t repeat the large bladdered feat she had last time.

She had let her friends down, they had left their holiday early for nothing.

As the splattering noise continued the host quickly ignored the red faced and teary eyed Alex, focusing on the remaining 3 women.

Over the next 3 minutes and despite witnessing another accident, the remaining contestants managed to string a few good runs of questions together. Katy was the clear winner of the round, it was still shocking for many watching, remarking at the knowledge she had on even obscure topics. Although after a number of good rounds for the girl, it shouldn’t really have been surprising. It seemed that Katy really did have a vast knowledge of some subjects, causing many to wonder what would have happened if some of these topics had turned up last time.

It had taken just over 45 seconds for Alex’s tired body to empty itself, far less than Amanda and at a much slower speed too. However her puddle was still large in size and was an uncomfortable reminder of just how much the remaining 3 women were holding. The glistening puddle pooling with the others as a stark symbol of how far they had all come, especially given that most knew they were holding more than Alex.

To Olivia, Alex accident had shocked her despite the small spurts she had let out earlier, somehow assumed Alex would regain control over her body. But now as she watched the wet legged woman squelch her way off the stage, she was left with Katy and Scarlet. Olivia had picked Katy as a big contender this time around, based on the way she had turned up, seemingly ready for a fight and quietly confident. But for her to be here, beating off Alex and Claudia for the top three, she had surprised Olivia too. But nothing could have surprised her more than Scarlet, the mother of 2 had made it to the top 3, although she did seem to be the worst off of the remaining ladies. Clutching herself and pressing her legs together desperately, Scarlets face had been flushed for the last few rounds and she had seemingly started to mutter to herself. A sure sign of the stress and worry that the slightly older woman was having about her current position.

“In that round, you managed to score a reasonable £1,920. Katy, you are yet again the strongest link and really starting to show your skills here.”

Katy furrowed her brow, a look of confusion on her face. Had the host just been nice to her, taken aback she wasn’t sure how to respond. But with Alex out of the way and Olivia about to be the weakest link, she was getting more and more confident she would leave here the winner. Even as her bladders contents swirled inside her. Being the strongest link several times in a row had really let her bladder settle, her skin was still tight and there was an unforgiving pressure inside her, but she knew it would be nothing compared to how the others were feeling. Her body had been given time to adjust while Olivia was being pumped fuller and fuller.

“Olivia you were the weakest link that round. However, because Alex was unable to make it to the end of the round we have moved into the final 3. Which if you remember means that the rounds winnings are now shared between all but the strongest link.”

Scarlet closed her eyes, she had remembered the rules from last time but had been somehow hoping they had changed.

“So Scarlet and Olivia you will be sharing the total amount for this round, as well two of you in the following rounds. This means the Strongest link really is the strongest position to be in.”

Olivia and Scarlet both felt their pumps turn on in unison as almost another full litre began pumping into them. They could feel their bodies expanding, their clothes becoming even tighter and their muscles trembling to contain their bladders. The pressure caused Scarlet to double over again, her physical limits once again being exposed and broken by the machine cruelly pushing water into her.

While Olivia was once again looking for refuge in the roof of the building, staring off into the black abyss and allowing herself to focus on the feeling of her bladder expanding. It was back, the feeling of pure pain and pure ecstasy, a feeling she had been missing and despite her games with Tara it seemed nothing was quite the same as this. The sudden cramping and pressure pushing on something inside her that was driving her mad with excitement. It was filing her desire to get fuller and fuller despite the spasms and now painful shock waves spreading through her body.She would need to be careful not to get too carried away.

Scarlet could feel her bladder threatening to release more into her damp underwear, but thankfully she had found a new thought to hang onto. She had beaten Alex, the last contests champion. Not only had she beaten her own total for the last time, but she had beat the person who had won it all. While she had been more confident in her abilities this time around, a large part still doubted her abilities. But to be stood on the stage in the top 3 and with Alex out of the contest made her realise she did have a chance after all. If she could Just hold on a little longer she knew she could do it.

As round 16 started, her new found confidence only grew. A round on royal families was a specific yet vague round that seemed to stump the other two many times. Getting an early lead of a couple of questions gave Scarlet the chance to watch her opponents for the first time in a long time, and she was happy with what she saw.

Olivia’s dress was bulging massively out of her abdomen, the constantly shuffling and pressing of her hands to her crotch was a clear give away that she was in dire straights, not surprisingly given the size of her bladder. There was no doubt in Scarlet's mind that the woman did have the largest bladder of any of them, but she also knew she could win with her smarts. Meanwhile Katy seemed to be struggling less but she too was showing clear signs of desperation, almost a mirror image of scarlet as she herself shuffled and almost pee danced on the spot. She was glad to see all 3 of them appeared to be in the same boat, the next few rounds would be decisive, although part of her hoped this wouldn’t go on too much longer. Her mind went back to that night at the cinema again, the familiar feeling of her slipping control as she tried to hold it then was coming back to her as she stood at her podium. But this time, she had more practice and she wasn’t the only one fighting for control.

By the end of the round the three ladies had banked another relatively low round of £1,920, despite Scarlet's best efforts to maximise her gain and the others pain. She had risked not banking a few times since she was more confident in her abilities than the others and it had cost her. Although, with just 2 of them to share the load, it still meant another litre was going to end up in both of her competitors.

The much needed respite for Scarlet was the opposite for Katy. She had been doing so well, with minimal intake over the last few rounds, her control had come back and so had her confidence. But now, even if she wasn’t the weakest link she would have to take in a large amount of water. It was unfortunate but steeling herself she knew she could do it, she was winning and could afford it this time.

The pumps activated yet again and she felt her bladder quickly expanding again, her established lead evaporating in an instant as she just stopped another moan leaving her lips. Panting heavily the two women strained their muscles, pulling and pushing every muscle to hold their bladders shut. Olivia’s breath quickened as she felt the strongest and most painful pulse yet, a grimace appearing on her face as she felt the liquid inside her pushing her body to bigger and bigger extremes. Long gone were her normal limits of “play” and even the sense of adventure and lust to be filled seemed to wain under the enormous pressure of her bladder. Her skin was being pulled even more taught across her new larger body, feeling and looking heavily pregnant and making her start to worry about stretch marks. Could the temporary deformity she was causing end up altering her body in the long run?

Katy’s legs started to vibrate, unable to standstill due to the increasing pressure. The facade of control broken in an instant as her bladder’s control weakened for a moment. As with scarlet a few rounds ago she felt a series of drops escape her and into her brightly coloured underwear, thankfully her leggings showed now damage of her small accident and a few moments later the pumps finally stopped but the damage was done. Katy knew if she stopped fidgeting she would wet herself. This was her state now, she was fighting for each moment of control from here on out.

Despite that, she knew she had been in this situation before and knew, this wasn’t necessarily the end just yet. Many long lines at parties and road trips with no stops had trained her for this. She was the master of her bladder and she was sure it could beat the other two women stood in front of her. It might just need a little bit of luck with the types of questions, but she could do it. But from this moment on, to win she would need to be the strongest link as many times as possible. A thought that was also going through Scarlet's mind as she inversely enjoyed the momentary relaxation of not being pumped full.

All three were starting to loose control and with each moment and round that passed, it brought them closer to victory or a very wet defeat.

Bladders after round 16

Olivia: 8,616 ml

Scarlet: 6,031ml

Katy: 6,267 ml

Alex: 5,657 ml – 4th

Amanda: 8,865 ml – 5th

Claudia: 2,996 ml – 6th

Thanks for reading, as always I hope you guys are still enjoying this. We are up to the final 3, Olivia, Katy and Scarlet!

*063*2020-03-24 03:29

Chapter 20: On the rocks

Round 17 was quickly underway, beginning with an optimistic Scarlet. The host had announced the topic of the Olympics which was a good sign for her and her stretched out bladder. She was starting to wonder how much more of this she could take, with the last round making her think it wasn't that much more despite the win. She had been the strongest link and the sheer jubilation she had felt perhaps revealed just how much she wanted or needed to be the strongest link. Her bladder already filled well past its normal capacity and begging for release.

Meanwhile Katy was still feeling somewhat confident, although the announcement of this round’s topic had annoyed her slightly. She knew that this would be Scarlet's strong suit, so unless something really obscure came up she would likely win again. Biting her lip, Katy was fearing for her bladders control too, having leaked moments before into her underwear. She could feel her control slipping but knew she could outlast these two on an even playing field. So what she really needed was a round or two on topics she knew a lot about. If that happened she could retake the lead, let her body have another rest and let the pumps pile the pressure on the other two. Although at this point, her expectation was for Scarlet to pee soon and let the real contest of her against a rather worried looking Olivia start.

For her part Olivia was doing her best to appear confident, but that was becoming harder and harder as her body was forced to contain more water. Her once tight leather dress was now extremely uncomfortable as it compressed her bulging bladder. Luckily she still had one advantage, she was enjoying this. The feeling of being absolutely filled by the show runners while unable to do anything about it was intoxicating for her and her new found desires. But still, her muscles were quivering in effort and she knew she was nearing the end of her control.

Before the last round she was sure that she was at or possibly already crossing her point of reference, that meant from this point forwards everything was new again. This was the most liquid she had ever tried to hold, only the drugs were lessening her desperation, but even they were struggling. Pressing both hands into her crotch she could feel her sweaty skin clinging to the back of her dress. Maybe leather wasn’t the best choice for today.

Over the next 3 minutes Scarlet showed again why any topic on anything close to sport was only going to end one way. Even obscure questions about the 1936 Olympics didn’t throw her as she stormed to a perfect victory. Despite their lack of knowledge, the other two helped her reach a total of £1,440 which would have been a tiny amount at the beginning of the contest. However, given their current states of desperation the ability to answer anything correctly was a feat on its own.

For Olivia and Katy their fate was all but sealed the moment the topic had been announced, the pair resigning themselves to the fact they would be the recipients of more unwanted water at the end of the round. Equally they had both hoped their overly filled bladders would have settled or calmed slightly during the three minutes, but it appeared their bladders were well past that point. There were no longer any moments of peace between the pulses, muscles spasms and painful cramps that rocked their bodies as they tried to contain far too much water. A problem that was only going to get worse for two of them as their pumps activated.

Olivia’s entire body seemed to quiver as her pump turned on and started to inflate her again, the bulge of her bladder expanding as it still somehow found capacity to grow out of her. The tightness of her dress only increasing as time went on, now almost a foot shorter than it was at the start of teh contest as the thick material shifted around her now much larger body. Placing her hands on the massive protrusion she tried to sooth it as pain radiated out from the boiling mass of piss currently in her abdomen. Sparks of pain once again dancing across her stretching skin pressed against her dress. The gentle rubbing did nothing for her and to her dismay she felt a drop of liquid running down her thigh, causing her to quickly move both her hands to shore up her ailing defences. However, she was relieved to feel her damp but not soaking underwear, maybe it wasn’t pee after all?

Now aware of just how much she was sweating inside her leather prison, it was probably just sweat rolling down her stylish but nonabsorbent dress. The heat and sweat of her body was collecting in the creases and bends of her dress like she was being steamed. Another droplet of sweat dripped down from her expanded stomach, rolling down the inside of her dress and falling onto the hard surface of the stage. Olivia could feel herself burning up, the combined taxing of her body to hold her bladder shut and the growing hunger between her legs making her body flushed and hot.

Katy was also suffering, that made it two rounds in a row of failing to be the strongest link and her bladder was letting her know it was disappointed. Throbbing menacingly as her pump continued, a low grunt followed by a sudden change in posture showed everyone how close she too was to an accident. Still she tried to force her outward composure but it had all but been destroyed in the last few minutes. Her flushed sweating face, bent posture and heavy breathing a clear signal that she too was about to explode. But still she fought, pressing her trembling thighs together and cupping her giant bladder, she was determined to win.

Like Olivia she cursed herself for her choice of clothing, the dark blue and heavily elasticated leggings really starting to cut into her. She had pulled them uptight against her crotch a few rounds ago, moving the waistband higher on her body and off her bladder. But now her bladder had expanded so much her leggings were once again pressing down hard and making her need to pee much worse. Now with the added effect of the tight fabric against her womanhood which seemed to be amplifying the internal vibrations and clenching of her tiring muscles, spreading the feeling all over her legs as she tensed them almost constantly. But thankfully after a few more moments the pumps stopped and both ladies sighed in relief, but their torment was far from over.

“Round 18 will be on figure skating” the host announced as Katy and Olivia tried to regain their composure, the deep throbbing in their bodies persisting even after the pump finished.

“Starting with Katy, 3 minutes on the clock. Which city was the first figure skating world championship held?”

“St Petersburg” she said in an almost grunt. Wishing the host could have given her a couple more moments before starting.

“Correct”

“Olivia, what year did figure skating first get added to the winter Olympics?”

Her leg muscles tensed momentarily as another shower of sparks danced across her taught skin. Pausing to think for a moment she had no idea but maybe she could get lucky. They happen every 4 years, so it had to be an even number. Considering she had never seen a competition without one that means it must have been a while ago, possibly even pre world war 2? A vague memory from a documentary she had watched at some point came flooding forwards, something about the Munich games. Could it be 1920?

“19…24” She would hit herself if was 1920 now.

“Correct” Olivia visibly breathed a sigh of relief as somehow her guesswork paid off.

“Scarlet, Who were the first Soviet pair to win Olympic gold?”

More questions on the Olympics, it seemed everything was working out in her favour at the moment. “Ludmila Belousova and Oleg Protopopov”

“Correct, Katy. The International Skating Union Judging System allows for bonus points to be awarded based on what criteria?”

“Position of take-off and landing, and the degrees of rotation.”

“Correct, Olivia. Where did Torvill and Dean originally come from?”

Yes she knew this too, thank you dancing on ice (UK TV show). “Nottingham”

“Correct, Scarlet. Elvis Stojko is from what country?”

“Canada”

“Correct, Katy. Who skated to a program called, "King of Kings" in the 1984 Olympic Games?”

Her cheeks puffed out as another harder spasm hit her unexpectedly. “I uh….Brian Orser” she winced, the pain radiating from her bloated bladder peaking for a moment. Why did she have to wear these stupid leggings.

“Correct Olivia”

“Bank” she had been playing a dangerous game but knew she had to be smart about this. She was out of her depth on this topic.

“Olivia, which Norwegian female skater was the first to win three Olympic gold medals in a row?”

Well there went her good run, “Pass” Now she just had to hope the others would get something wrong too. She was still in the lead on banking, so she had a chance.

The following 2 and a half minutes was a tense battle between the contestants, or at least two of them. The questions came thick and fast and while Olivia did her best she only managed a handful of right answers. On the other hand, Katy and Scarlet had solid rounds, both clearly knowledgeable on the topic, with just a couple of wrong answers each. From her position of no hope of winning the round, Olivia had been keeping tabs of their scores and by her reckoning it was a tie for right answers. The only thing that seemed to separate them was the banking and unfortunately for Scarlet, coming after Olivia really limited her possible banks. As such, Olivia was all but certain that Katy would win and it was kind of her fault. Not that she wanted to be in this position either, but as she watched the mother of two squirm she felt a certain amount of guilt for her suffering.

“In round 18 you only managed to bank a total of £1,270 which is your lowest amount to date.”

I wonder why, Olivia thought as again she felt her muscles threatening to let some of her bladder’s contents out. Grimacing and clenching she just about kept herself dry.

“The strongest link was Katy, just beating out Scarlet on her banking”

No, no no…Scarlet couldn’t believe it. Her flushed face a picture of the extreme desperation she was feeling.

She couldn’t handle more. Her body was at capacity and her leaks had clearly shown It wasn’t willing to hold onto what was currently in her bloated bladder, never mind any more they wanted to push in. Almost hyperventilating she waited for the pump to activate.

Scarlet didn’t think she had been this desperate ever, she had been close a couple of times but this was the worst of it. Then her pump activated yet again and she realised that in fact, this wasn’t the worst of it, the next 30 seconds was going to be.

Given their current situations and despite the small total earnings, both women felt their bladders expanding and loudly protesting the further intake of liquid. Pain shooting through their bodies as the physical limits of their bodies were tested and broken again and again.

Olivia hadn’t won a round in a while and she was suffering because of it. The time between her bladder settling after being pumped full was now almost the entire 3 minutes of the rounds. Which unfortunately for her meant there was very little time between the bought of extreme desperation brought on by the activation of the pump. Her hands clenched tighter around her crotch, trying desperately to squeeze her opening shut and create a physical barrier. Breathing heavily through her nose with her mouth clenched shut, sweat dripped from her forehead as the inferno inside her body heated up yet again.

Her skin constantly flushed and burning as the nerve endings in her body felt as if they were on fire, pulled unnaturally across her bladder which was now pressing even harder against the confines of her thick leather dress. For the first time she whimpered at her situation, the futility of her current position finally getting to the desperate woman. She could still feel the unadulterated lust that had overcome her last round, but even the bursts of pleasure she was getting as her bladder pulsed and touched something inside her, were barely enough to cut through the pain. Although she was sure part of the frustration and the deep ache inside her, was partly due to her unfulfilled sexual needs that were going into overdrive as her bladder stretched.

Scarlet knew this was likely the end, she was about to piss herself. Soon, her dream of winning would be over, her bladder would empty itself on the floor and there was nothing she could do about it. But in a strange way, the realisation of her fate started to calm her mind, giving in as it acknowledging that soon she would be peeing. The panic about holding on for as long as possible was gone and with it she was able to control her breathing again. Swallowing air deeply she took the briefest of pauses and for the first time in a dozen rounds she felt calm, although the realisation of that confused even her.

What was going on, why did her desperation seem to have lessened? Had she wound herself up in her mind so much she had been causing her body more trouble. It was a moment of clarity, the eye of the proverbial storm as her body still filled. Her giant bladder spasmed inside her but with the realisation of her impending doom, came the realisation that it wasn’t really doom. She was 100% expected to wet herself and to be worried about not doing was madness, a pulse from her bladder confirming that thought as her hands dug deeper into her crotch. She shouldn’t have been worrying about if it would happen, but more when.

While she was hoping it would be a little later than right now, she didn’t really have to worry about it. Scarlet instead rationalised that she would just keep playing the game and let her body decide. If it wanted to empty itself then it would, surely it had all the power? Having watched Amanda, even with her willpower Amanda's body had reached a final point and exploded its contents all over the stage. Something she was sure would happen to her, but for now she would just play the game and wait, while still doing everything to stop it, but now without the worrying it brought.

The momentary break in the proceeding was swiftly ended by the host. It seemed she could smell blood and was trying to move things along quickly. Although for once Katy didn’t think it was aimed just at her.

“We will begin round 19 on cooking with you Olivia”

The brunette braced herself, unsure of how well she would do in this round. She knew a bit about cooking, but she wouldn’t have described it as her strong suit. Both hands still squeezing herself shut she looked up at the host, a look of internal anguish plastered across the brunette’s face.

“Olivia, at what temperature does water boil?”

“100 degrees Celsius” She said mildly confused, this cooking topic looked like it was a bit vague?

“Correct, Scarlet. What term is used to describe pasta that is firm to the bite?”

“Al dente”

“Correct. Katy, what does it mean to julienne?”

“You uh…” she paused for a moment as she shuddered, her discomfort peaking. “You uh, you cut it into thin strips”

“Correct. Olivia, What ingredient is traditionally used to make bread rise?”

“Yeast”

“Correct, Scarlet. How many teaspoons make one tablespoon?

“3”

“Correct. Katy, what three main ingredients make up Pesto?”

“Parmesan, olive oil and Pine nuts”

“Correct, Olivia what type of molecule is Gluten?”

“Protein”

“Correct, Scarlet, what 18th-century term describes the process of flattening chicken for quick cooking?”

“Spatchcock”

“Correct. Katy. What is a Roux?”

“I uh….when you put flour into a sauce to thicken it, oh sorry WHAT is a roux. It’s a mix of fats and flour”

“I will accept that. Olivia, What direction does the heat source come from when you broil foods?”

“Above” she said unsure of the answer. But since it probably wouldn’t have been a question if it wasn’t different from below, it was worth a go. Although the nerves of a possible wrong answer caused her to press her legs even tighter together, the knuckles in her hand popping as they were squeezed tightly between them.

“Correct, Scarlet, What is the technique for removing burnt fat from a pan to flavour sauces, soups and gravies?”

“De-Glazing” she said through clenched teeth. The throbbing in her bladder continuing to get the better of her. But despite that, her new found resolve was keeping her head surprisingly clear as she started to bob on the spot. Her legs shuffling constantly, desperately dancing on the spot and trying to put off the inevitable emptying of her bladder.

With only 3 of them left it didn’t leave much time between questions and that stopped Scarlet from really getting a good read on the other two competitors. But frequent glances over the next 2 minutes told her everything she needed to know. Olivia was almost huddled in pain as her massive bladder stuck out of her tight dress. It had to now be bigger than even Amanda’s monstrous bulge, although Olivia still looked a great deal less stressed. Olivia’s hands were now permanently between her legs, her arm muscles clearly fighting to help those lower down as she flexed them and pulled even harder.

Her face bright red as sweat almost continually dripped from her body, small pools of the dropplets collecting under her dress and on the stage. From an onlooker perspective it really looked like she was ready to pop, and while she had to admit Olivia had done well to get to this point, Scarlet could sense her mind was failing her. A gradual increase in the time it took her to answer as the need to pee seemed to be intercepting and delaying her opponents brain power. A good sign for Herself though.

On the other hand, Scarlet watched as Katy answered yet another question correctly. Her face also flushed particularly around her nose and cheeks, but a steeled and determined look was written across it as she panted and gently writhed in desperation. She had really surprised Scarlet and really impressed her with her knowledge, in a weird way she even felt a bit of pride for the young woman. Katy had really shown how smart and also worryingly good at holding her pee she was. The first contest had clearly been unfair to her, but Scarlet quickly reminded herself that now was not the time for her to start feeling sympathy for her competitor’s.

A few moments later the round buzzer sounded and the three women could relax again, if their bodies would let them. While they still managed to answer questions during the round none of them could really follow the flow of the answers, with the strongest link anyone’s game. The on-stage shuffling of legs going up a level as they anxiously waited for the news, it had been a good round, but could it be the last round for one or all of them?

The questions had been relatively easy, much easier than the previous 3 rounds. Whichever of them were not the strongest link would really need to hope they could stay dry, being filled with what they guessed would be a good amount of extra water.

“So, you all did much better that round, with a total of £2,760 banked.”

Oh no, Scarlet wasn’t sure she could take that much, an involuntary whimper escaped Katy as she thought the same, grabbing her crotch as her bladder throbbed dangerously. Katy cursed herself for the show of weakness, but she could feel her pee making another desperate dash for freedom and it had been the only way to stop it.

“The strongest link that round….Was Scarlet”

“Oh thank god” she said exasperatedly. The huge sigh of relief clearly showing how bad this was going to be for the remaining two contestants. She had meant it to be an internal sentiment, but she couldn’t stop her self from expressing it out loud. She could also be moments from going home the champion, or at least being down to the final two.

Within moments the pumps reactivated and Olivia’s mind was almost overwhelmed with the internal pressure occurring inside her bladder. The rock-solid organ now filled well beyond its capacity, feeling like as much as it bulged forwards it was also going backwards and taking up just as much room inside her. The still filling and now pulsing organ forced the air from her lungs in a breathy groan as it tried to desperately empty itself. Her muscles ached so desperately to finally release her much needed pee. She could feel it growing inside her burning body, how much bigger could it get.

A thought she really didn’t want to find out….or did she? As the moments passed she could feel her legs being forced apart, unable to even cross them due to the heavily pregnant looking bulge coming out of the poor woman. Her hips even angling outwards slightly as her body took any and all opportunities to create more room for the gargantuan bulging organ. Another louder groan escaped her pursed lips as the size and weight of it started to strain her back painfully. Olivia didn’t think she had ever been this full, her body was stretched to its absolute limit. The last few rounds were a constant daze of wrong answers and water intake. A fog of pleasure and desperation had descended on her mind again, temporarily shattered by lightning bolts of pain as her body tried to remind her of how unnatural this was, to be this full, it had to stop and soon.

Olivia felt her muscles spasm heavily and she groaned quietly, the spasm causing a shot of urine to leave her. The heavily pressurised jet hissing loudly and splattering against her leather dress. But thankfully two other things happened at that exact moment, causing everyone else to look away from the groaning and sweating woman who felt like she was just moments from pissing herself.

Katy almost screamed as her distended bladder started to visibly shake. The spasms in her bladder reaching a crescendo of frequency, power and pain. The merciless pump still whirring away inside the desperate woman as she felt something starting to separate inside her. A burning pain set in along her abdomen, the pain causing tears to roll down the young woman’s face as she started to whine in pain. She too felt a spurt of urine make it past her clenched muscles, snaking its way down the inside of her tight leggings. Luckily or possibly unluckily, her clothes were now so tight they had formed an almost water tight seal against her skin as they tried to contain her bulging bladder. Another leak rolled down the inside of her now trembling thigh.

Katy was moments away from pissing herself on the stage, closing her eyes all she could see was a bright flashing red pulse. The pain she was feeling now manifesting itself as an almost visible entity before her. Her breathing was ragged, uneven and short, like a crying child she struggled to breath in between the involuntary groans and grunts permanently leaving her body. A third leak shot past her saturated panties and joined the others. A strange warm patch spread across her backside as the seemingly waterproof material carried the liquid around her body without letting it drop onto the ground. She could feel herself leaking, but no one else knew about it.

Katy’s groan had gained the attention of everyone, letting Olivia off the hook for her leak which would otherwise have been noticeable. A leak that was far more substantial than any others, she quickly glanced at her feet. Fuck….she couldn’t even see her feet. The realisation causing her body to quake, registering again the enormity of the task she was asking it to complete. Fumbling with her hands she hiked up the side of her dress, putting a hand rather unladylike under her dress and directly against her wet underwear. She didn’t care how unprofessional it looked to anyone watching, she really did need all the help she could get. Her body was failing and by the looks of it so were the others, she just needed hers to fail last.

All three contestants knew they were at their wits end, they had to end this, one more big round and one of them would probably walk away the winner, unless somehow the others could keep their bladders contained again.

“Starting with Scarlet, round 20 will focus on Alcoholic drinks” The host announced over the whimpers and groans of the writhing women on the stage.

“Three minutes starting now. Scarlet in what year did American congress recognise bourbon as a distinctive product?”

Pressing her legs together Scarlet felt all the optimism leave her body, why was this happening. Despite having the most time to prepare she still didn’t know the answer. A

“1926” a total guess.

“Incorrect, it was 1964”

“Katy, which berry gives Gin its flavour?”

“Juniper”

“Correct. Olivia, which drink was traditionally given to sailors in the Navy?”

“Rum”

“Correct. Scarlet, which drink did Christopher Columbus take with him when he…”

“Sherry” She didn’t need to know the rest of the question, it was one of those strange facts she had learnt at school. Not the actually useful information that would be on the tests, but the strange bit of trivia your brain hangs onto for some reason, and right now she couldn’t be happier to have got a C on that paper as a trade-off.

“Correct, Katy. What was the first country to make Vodka a national drink?”

“Po..Poland” she stuttered, the pulsing in her bladder insistent.

“Correct, Olivia. Water of life is the Gallic origin of which beverage?”

Water of life, they were doing this on purpose. “Whisky”

“Correct. Scarlet in what year was beer listed as an alcoholic beverage in Russia?”

“2013”

“Correct. Katy, what brand of Gin is named after the guards of the tower of London?”

“Beefeater”

“Correct. Olivia, What Japanese spirit is served warm?”

“Sake”

“Correct”

“Bank” Scarlet was still in it, just about. If she had waited one more question, they would have go a higher total, but she needed to make sure to bank despite the current standings. All she needed were a couple of wrong answers from Olivia and Katy, although that seemed unlikely at the moment. There was a reason these two formidable women had made it this far and it wasn’t luck.

“Scarlet, Curaco is made from the dried skin of which fruit?”

“Orange”

“Correct. Katy what drink includes Butterscotch schnapps and Bailies Irish cream?”

“Butterball”

“Correct, Olivia. What alcohol is in a salty dog?”

“Vodka”

“Correct. Scarlet, what turns a martini into a Gisbon?”

“A pickled onion”

“Correct. Katy, which country is home to the world’s longest bar?”

“America” Even if she didn’t know that, it was a fairly safe bet.

“Correct. Olivia, which American state was the first to repeal Prohibition?”

“Montana”

“Correct. Scarlet. Which drink did General Grant famously drink while leading troops into battle?”

“Whisky”

“Correct. Katy, which British prime ministers mother invented the Manhattan cocktail?”

“Winston Churchill”

“Correct, Olivia.”

“Bank”

“Olivia, what is the most consumed alcohol in the world?”

“Vodka”

“Correct. Scarlet, Alcohol is considered to be a performance-enhancing drug for which sport?”

“Shooting”

“Correct. Katy, Which National Anthem was written to the tune of a popular drinking song a the time?”

“America”

“Correct. Olivia, what bottle opening device was invented in 1860?”

“Corkscrew” It was weird, it seemed somehow they were all getting into the rhythm again, despite their bladders.

“Correct. Scarlet, what is the purpose of the indentation at the bottom of a wine bottle?”

“It makes it harder to break”

“Correct, Katy, white lighting is another name for whi….”

“Moonshine”

“Correct. Olivia, which was the original beverage to be toasted”

“Wine”

“Correct. Scarlet, Spectators of which sport drink the most beer?”

“Golf”

“Correct, Katy”

“Bank” Her legs scissoring as her attention was brought back to the game and away from her bladder. It seemed even 99% concentration wasn’t enough anymore.

“What does it mean when something is on the rocks?”

“It has Ice in it”

“Correct. Olivia, what is the name of the molecule of alcohol that can be safely consumed?”

“Ethanol”

“Correct. Scarlet, which organ in the body is responsible for processing alcohol?”

“Liver” Although given the pressure inside her right now, she didn’t know if she still had one or if it had been removed to make room for her bladder. Which was technically another organ responsible for “processing” alcohol.

“Correct, Katy”

“Bank” That was two banks for her, she had to be in the lead, although Olivia wasn’t far behind her.

“Katy, what beverage is celebrated on Black Tot day in the UK?”

“Bourbon”

“Incorrect, it was rum”.

“Shit” Katy swore loudly, her frustration and desperation getting the better of her. She had to win this!

Still thinking about where her liver might have gone, Scarlet’s hopes suddenly returned as she heard the remark. if Katy could make a mistake so could Olivia. Now she just had to make sure she didn’t and remember to bank.

“Olivia. The worlds largest cork tree is found in which country?”

“Portugal” A fact she learnt off a random bar mat.

“Correct, Scarlet. Processed Alcohol dates back to which year?”

“6,000 BC”

“Correct.” Katy in what country is beer legally defined as a staple food?”

“Bavaria”

“Correct, Olivia”

“Bank”

“The evaporation of a small amount of whisky during the ageing process is given what name?”

“Angels pinch”

“Correct. Scarlet, Tabasco sauce is typically fermented in barrels that were previously filled with what?”

“Jack Daniels”

“Correct, Katy. If a bottle says Mis en Bouteille au Domaine, what does it mean?”

“Its bottled at the vineyard where, where, where.... the grapes grew” Her speech again interrupted by protests from her aching bladder. It wanted to be empty and wasn't going to take no for an answer much longer.

“Correct, Olivia. Which insect was originally found at the bottom of Tequila bottles?”

“A worm”

“Incorrect, it was a moth”

Olivia’s eyes closed, she wanted to hit herself. She had been moments from winning the round and possibly the entire contest, but now she was back at square one.

“Scarlet”

As the camera came back to her, she was almost overwhelmed, excitement at the prospect of winning returning to her. Both of the others had now made a mistake and levelled the playing field. Although this up and down roller coaster of emotions was really playing with her body, a body that was already on edge. Each step backwards with a wrong answer was bringing her impending wet disaster closer, while each step forward made her more determined not to let it happen.

“Which substance was used instead of mercury in early thermometers?”

“Brandy”

“Correct.” Another step forwards!

“Katy, how long does whisky need to be aged to become Scotch”

“3 years”

“Correct.” Glancing at the clock, they had 30 seconds left, it was coming down to the wire and it was going to be close to see who came out on top.

“Olivia, Thomas Jefferson brought which drink to America from France?”

“Wine”

“Correct”

“Bank”

Another glance at the clock from Katy, 10 seconds. If they could get to her she could get the last answer. By her count all 3 of them were now were tied, on wrong answers and banking. But if she got the extra right answer when it came back to her, she would be the strongest link based on the number of right answers since it had started with Scarlet. The urgency making her tap both feet furiously.

“Scarlet, how long does it take for brain cells to react to alcohol?”

“30 minutes”

“Incorrect, its 6 minutes”

Yes yes yes! Katy was celebrating in her head. Please be easy, please be easy.

“Katy, people with which eye colour are able to drink mo….”

“Blue!”

“Correct” Katy couldn’t help but fist bump with her hand in her crotch. She had won the round but even that slight collision as she jerked her hand caused a massive spasm to happen throughout her body. How could she be so stupid, why did she even do that!

As the clock ticked down from one second, a cry came out in the room.

But it wasn’t of desperation, but a cry of “Bank”. Olivia had been waiting, watching and squirming. Just about able to follow the proceedings she knew this would be enough to make her the strongest link, and so did Katy.

“No”, Katy whimpered. So obsessed with rushing the question she forgot that Olivia could bank as soon as the host said she had gotten it right. An omission that was about to cost her, it had been another amazing round and she would be suffering for her oversight.

Meanwhile Scarlet’s heart had almost fallen out of her, the optimism had been high before the round, crushed almost immediately and then built up over the last 3 minutes before being destroyed by her second wrong question. The changing emotions almost making her head spin. She knew what was coming and it was going to take all of her strength not to piss herself. It had to be over a litre each and she knew she just didn’t have room for that. But, she reminded herself of the thoughts she had just a few minutes earlier. She would hold on, but her body could either do it or not do it, there was no reason to worry. Although the constant throbbing between her legs was a painful reminder that despite her best efforts, her body was desperate to release itself even now. The thankfully dulled pulses making her muscles quiver as she tried to steady herself for what was about to happen to her.

“At the end of round 20 you managed a great total of £2,720”

Another whimper could be heard in the room as Katy’s bodies started to react prematurely. A phantom filling feeling suddenly causing spasms in her bladder causing her to groan and grab herself again.

“The strongest link that round by just £20 was Olivia.” Even before the host said it, the contestants had figured it out. Scarlet was trying to use the few moments to steel herself while Katy fought the battle against her body. A battle that suddenly became one sided as the pump turned on.

Water began thundering into the poor young woman as she tried to maintain her confident appearance. But it was no use, her skin began to creak as sharp stabbing pains radiated out of her bladder causing her body to forcibly shake. She let out a deafening low yell as she desperately fought for control of her body. Katy’s eyes bulged from her head as she started rocking on the spot, both hands pressing deeply into her crotch while her bladder stretched even further.

The Vice like pressure from her hands enough to start forcing some of the wetness caused by her leaks to pass through the material, like touching a tent after its rained. Bursts of breath escaped her body as her body failed to control itself, the wetness from her previous squirts running down the inside of her legs, the rest of it threatening to follow it. The pressure was unimaginable as her bloated organ was filled far beyond its capacity, stretching to an improbable or even impossible size. She let out a long deep groan as the pump continued, the noise slowly transitioning into a high-pitched wail as her body finally exploded with pee, showering it everywhere. A loud hissing filled the room as her pee shot through her tight leggings at breakneck speed, her bladder finally unable to take it anymore.

Instantly the stage was covered in pee, a puddle quickly forming and spreading across the stage in all directions from the panting and groaning woman at its centre. Streams of pee were flowing down both her legs, splattering noisily to the floor while four other streams fell freely between her legs. The semi-waterproof material unable to do anything against the speed and force Katy was wetting herself with.

Katy wobbled slightly, she had been holding her breath and now light headed she fell to her knees, a mirror of the last contest. Her pee was still shooting out of her in the new position, now just one central but larger stream remained, the rest running down her legs to her knees and then directly joined the absolutely massive puddle on the ground. Grunting periodically Katy's whole body was twitching, the control of her muscles completely destroyed by her demands of them over the last hour. Her eyes open but unmoving, she seemed lost in her accident as relief overwhelmed her senses which had been focused on nothing but her need to pee, a torrential pee that was still continuing.

Next to her Scarlet was fighting her body every step of the way, her abused bladder trying everything it could to make her finally give in and pee. The deafening hiss from Katy’s accident seemed to be the only noise in the room to the blonde woman. Wave after wave of desperation and pain flew through Scarlet's body as she panted, clutching her bulging abdomen. A red haze was coming in from the edges of her vision, the strain of her actions causing blood to rush to her bright red face, now covered in matted and dripping blonde hair.

She moaned loudly as a powerful pulse cracked her defences, feeling another stream of pee leave her and quickly run down her leg. She hadn’t seen it but it felt like a lot, desperately she clenched her muscles as they trembled again. She thanked her black fabric trousers which were hopefully covering up her accident. But it wasn’t over yet, her bladder was still being filled and she could feel another pulse building inside her, almost like waiting for a hiccup she hoped would never come.

The second spasm hit even harder as she groaned desperately, ordering every muscle and fibre of her body to ignore how tired and strained they were to keep her bladder shut. Another similar spurt escaped her defences as her body rocked where she stood. Light headed Scarlet put a hand on the podium to steady herself, desperately hoping that was going to be the last spasm. But as she grabbed the polished metal surface, her hand wet with sweat slipped, causing her to stumble forwards. Just this small movement caused her bulging and aching bladder to come into contact with the hard podium, the impact instantly shattering her stalwart defences as piss exploded out of the sweating and groaning woman.

“Oh no!” she squealed, pivoting her left leg and pressing it with all her might into the other, but it was no use, her muscles had faltered and despite how much she tried they simply wouldn’t re-engage with their holding duty. Mere seconds later litres of pee showered out of her body as another much quieter hiss filled the room. Liquid came gushing down both of her legs as the highly absorbent material shined in the bright lights, clearly showing her pee quickly absorbing and racing across the porous clothing as most of it fell swirling down her legs.

“Oh god” she moaned in pleasure, oh how it felt so good to finally pee.

Tilting her head back she closed her eyes and relished the feeling of relief. Sighing deeply she let her body relax, she had fought it hard but finally it had reached its limit. Suddenly she felt her now drenched trousers start to slip, the sheer volume of liquid they had absorbed weighing them down and threatening her modesty. Opening her eyes she quickly grabbed her clothing, they were absolutely soaked, even at the top of the waistline. Thankfully her modesty remained in tact, even if her control didn’t.

She couldn’t help but laugh at the situation, she had almost been stripped of her clothing by her pee on television. Looking down she was amazed at the sheer amount of pee still flowing from her body, how had she held so much. It was like an ocean, more liquid still coming out of her.

Looking over she could see Katy, the young woman squatting on her knees as the most powerful piss Scarlet had ever seen continued. It had been almost 30 seconds and yet still the young woman peed full force. A blank look on her face, her eyes glazed over as if she wasn’t even aware of what was happening. She really had pushed her body to its absolute limits. But then again so had she scarlet thought. Allowing her body to pee freely she consoled herself, she had come second! A small smile came across her face, from 5th to 2nd was quite the achievement, only being beaten by Olivia, who was….still holding her pee? She had won, she could pee and yet she wasn’t?

Olivia’s desperation had gone through the roof despite not being pumped full. The sounds of liquid hitting the floor at such speed and quantities was causing ripples to flow through her body as it convulsed in desperation. Her bladder cramping like it was trying to pass a bowling ball, although it looked like it contained far more than that. Its distended nature massively outstretching and out sizing the other women's. How she was still holding was beyond her, although she guessed it was something to do with the drive she had to find her absolute limits. Last time, even before she had started training, it was the drugs that had cost her that opportunity, but right now she had that chance.

Could she hold on? Could she wait until she saw Tara? Just the thought of her, combined with the moans and groans of the two women still pissing themselves on the stage enough to make her writhe in lust as well as desperation. Breathing heavily she slowly began reducing the pressure between her legs. Somehow the understanding that she didn’t need to hold it to win made it easier to hold it, because now it was just because she wanted too. Somehow, she removed one hand, but the other stayed behind to support her tired muscles. The allure of her bladder causing her to rub it with her now free hand, the opportunities for pleasure with such a massive bladder were endless. Momentarily going cross eyed she suddenly remembered she was on live TV, and those things would have to wait till her and Tara were together in private. If she could hold it that long. Every second felt like a struggle, but it would be worth it.

Eventually Scarlet's slow paced accident came to an end, almost a minute after Katy’s noisy wetting had ended. Only now did Katy seem to come back to the room, crouched in the middle of the largest puddle of pee she had ever seen. Now that it had combined with all of the others, the room was absolutely covered in it. But she didn’t care, she had lost. Despite doing far better than last time and still feeling her muscles quivering from how hard she tried, her face burned red in embarrassment of failing yet again. Slowly standing she felt a few drops falling from her rapidly cooling legs, her underwear now wet and clingy against her skin.

She hated that feeling, it meant she had failed to hold it.

Her self pity was interrupted as the camera's turned to focus on the host, who began talking.

“So, congratulations to Olivia who is this week’s strongest link.”

“After calculating the total winnings, I can confirm you are going home today with £65,505 double our previous record.”

“Holy shit”, Olivia said out loud, apparently only just able to control her bladder and not her language. Her face and body still sweating but still containing the vast quantities of pee.

“Commiserations to Katy, Scarlet and the rest of our contestants. But that is it for this weeks Weakest link contest, we will see you this time next week for more, the weakest link.” The host said with a wink to the camera, her signature ending.

The Camera’s faded to black and that was the end of the highest scoring episode of the Weakest link ever made.

The end!

Final bladders!

Olivia: 11,423* - winner

Scarlet: 8,026 – 2nd

Katy: 9,637 – 3rd

Alex: 5,657 ml – 4th

Amanda: 8,865 ml – 5th

Claudia: 2,996 ml – 6th

So there we have it, Olivia is our new winner!

A solid performance from all the women and I know a lot of you were rooting for Scarlet, sorry to disappoint any of you, but a solid second place was a good effort. Olivia just had the edge on her and Katy.

Thank you all for continuing to read this, especially those of you that have been upvoting and commenting all the way through. It really meant a lot!

Hopefully the ending (and the rest of the story) was what you all hoped for, I worried it was getting a bit repetitive by the end (hence the longer chapters). But hopefully you guys enjoyed it anyway!

I’ll probably take a little break from writing anything, but if you guys have any ideas or requests, vague or specific im happy to hear them and who knows I might turn them into something.

Sorry to Melificentfan, Im probably going to retire this story / characters so wont be adding to this story with them meeting up. I think i've run out of ideas for these guys, at least for now.

But if you (Or anyone else) have another request even if its just a fandom / TV show / game, if I know anything about it I don’t mind giving it ago.

Although they wont be as long as this, more like 1 - 3 parts at max unless I really get going again.

