The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 3

Author: Markj9494

*060*2020-03-21 05:12

Chapter 19: In a pickle

Amanda was now constantly groaning with the effort of controlling her mammoth bladder, unable to stand up straight or move. Just listening to Claudia’s gushing accident had been yet another form of torture for the woman who was trapped inside her own aching body, unable to achieve any relief despite her best efforts. Part of Amanda had hoped the splattering noise would have caused her body to let loose too, but to her dismay it simply increased the frequency and ferocity of the pulses coming from her bladder. Standing hunched at her podium she had to be ready for the next round, whether she liked it or not.

“Starting with Alex, this round will be on English literature”

Alex shifted slightly where she stood, the pressure inside her felt like it had doubled since her weakest link round. Before that she had been confident in her ability to hold her bladder, but as the rounds progressed she could feel the tightness returning in her bladder. The smart and once loose-fitting red dress now much tighter against her skin as her bladder expanded. A faint hue of sweat glistened off her skin as she felt her body starting to struggle with her demands, but she could manage a while longer.

“Three minutes on the clock, Alex. The thought police first appeared in what novel from 1949?”

“1984”

“Correct. Amanda, Which poet wrote Fools rush in where angels fear to tread?”

Another groan echoed around the room as Amanda’s face grimaced as another painful spasm hit her. Barely able to comprehend the questions, the ray of light through the desperation was now gone and she felt as if her mind was quivering in tandem her bladder. She was completely full, her entire body not just her bladder, and nothing could distract her from the all encompassing need to pee she was currently experiencing.

“I don’t know, Im sorry....” she said mournfully to the host.

“The answer was Alexander pope”.

Amanda sobbed where she stood, aware of what that would likely mean for her. She was too full to answer the questions and that would mean she would probably be the weakest link again. She couldn’t take it, she had to get something right and stop this torment. Her face scrunched up in absolute discomfort as she waited for the host to turn back to her in the next round. Hearing Alex bank this early told her all she needed to know, no-one had confidence in her and she wasn’t sure they were wrong not too.

“Amanda, What fictional character lived at 7 Savile Row?”

Panting softly as she stood at her podium Amanda could almost feel the two neurons in her brain connect, despite being overwhelmed with signals from her bloated body.

“Phileas Fogg” She spluttered out.

“Correct” She sighed in relief, one down who knows how many to go.

The relief she felt doubled when Alex got her next question wrong, this was her chance.

“Amanda, what was Inspector Teal's real name in the Saint series of books?”

The world was instantly foggy again, the only sound she could hear was that of her racing heart beating in her ears. She hadn’t even heard of the series let alone the real characters name.

She closed her eyes as the brief moment of mild optimism was quickly replaced with that of true despair.

“Pass” she whimpered out quietly, all to aware of the implications. One wrong answer was more than enough in the previous rounds, so with two it wasn’t looking good for Amanda. Her desperate situation only getting worse as the seconds ticked by and despite not being filed she thought she could feel her body stretching even more. The skin of her once flat stomach pulled preposterously tight, creaking under the strain of her bladder.

Somehow, she got another question right, but over the next 2 minutes her fate was sealed. With 4 passes in the round there was no way back, she would be the weakest link and tears streamed down her face again. She was at her wits end, the once strong willed and supremely confident woman turned into a groaning mess of desperation. Her brain crying out for her body to relax and end it, while the same body refused to obey and kept the litres upon litres of swirling liquid inside of her.

“Congratulations, despite a few wrong answers, with some efficient banking to reduce the risk you ladies still managed to get £2,420. Impressive considering the…..limitations”

The other ladies felt bad for Amanda, but at the same time she could just give in. it was only her will power and determination causing her to suffer, or so they thought. Plus, it seemed the poor woman was now so desperate that she was unable to answer difficult questions, which would be bad for her but good for all of them. The longer she kept up this charade the less they would have to take. But surely, at some point she would reach her maximum?

“Olivia, congratulations you are the strongest link, just beating out Scarlet in terms of Banking. While you Alex did in fact bank the most, that one wrong answer has kept you from the title. The weakest link for this round is Amanda.”

Amanda cried loudly as her pump activated yet again, already at her limit meant that even the smallest amounts was agonising. But to have more than a litre added to her already stretched and aching body was mind blowing. Fireworks started to go off throughout her abdomen, every fibre of her body was almost vibrating with desperate energy as she clutched herself. The thigh fabric of her leggings now cutting into her and splitting her bladder, the top bulging out further than the bottom and causing even stronger pulses to shoot through her body. Its unnatural size now paired with its unnatural position. Seconds passed as her internal pump continued to inflate her like a cruel joke, but still her bladder grew as she groaned. Her face once again drenched in sweat as It poured from her body, the black shirt she was wearing now drenched and clinging to her as she writhed in pain.

The others watched on as their own desperation increased, the good round also filling them all a considerable amount. The loss of Claudia was increasing their doses per round as each woman approached their physical limits. Crossed or pressed together legs could now be seen across the stage as the contestants were filled while watching poor Amanda. She was writhing as she stood there, contorting herself into shapes and postures that no one thought possible. She was stuck in a perpetual torment of trying to do something to protect her bladder while not stopping it from released. The natural instinct of pressing your crotch doing nothing for the latter as she cradled her swollen stomach.

A few moments later a cracking noise filled the room as the very fibres of Amanda’s leggings started to snap due to the immense pressure they were under, her body now several sizes too large for them. But finally, Amanda felt it, her swollen and still filling bladder shook with tremendous force as the biggest pulse she had ever felt rocked her sweating and groaning body. Letting out a violent and guttural moan of pure relief her piss shot out of her like a water hose, the relief unimaginable. Her body had been taken so far beyond the edge of what was natural, but finally she had unwittingly found its limit. Filled and bloated well beyond any reasonable level by her hubris, her body was finally taking back control. It had reached its physical limit and no matter what signals she might have tried to send, it was emptying her bladder and emptying it now.

The tightly stretched material of her leggings did nothing to stop the torrent of pee as it burst out of Amanda. Instantly saturated it sprayed in almost a full 360 degree arc, such was the force. Her legs trembled and her mind was filled with pure bliss. Still panting and sweating heavily her piss roared out of her and onto the solid stage, the puddle already encompassing that of Claudia. The sheer volume she had contained meaning the spray and tremendous force carried her water far in all directions. The gigantic puddle quickly racing away from her and across the flat stage. A torrent of her oddly acrid smelling piss rained out of her swollen bladder and then drained off her podium.

After 30 seconds her bladder finally stopped pulsing inside her, the burning sensation also stopping as her bladder quickly deflated. Despite the immense pressure and speed at which is was emptying it, the large bulge in her abdomen still showed there was plenty left. Her pee continued to thunder out of her tortured body for a full two minutes, the frothing puddle spreading out almost 10 meters in all directions, a thin layer of wetness almost covering the entire stage. The worried looks of some of the crew showing the sheer scale of her accident as her piss started to encroach upon the expensive cameras and equipment still filming the catastrophic failing of her bladder. Finally she ran empty, the tank that was her bladder was dry and her stomach flat once again.

Amanda wept again, this time in pure delight, her torment was over. Now empty her body still occasionally twitched and spasmed as she stood there, for the first time comfortable. Her sweat and piss covered cloths quickly cooling against her skin, the entire of her now destroyed leggings were a much darker shade of blue, not an inch had been spared. Amanda could feel the waistband of them now loose against her, stretched beyond repair. A few moments of quiet contemplation passed and despite being wet mess, Amanda couldn’t have been happier, it was finally over. Slowly she straightened up and opened her eyes, seeing the hurried motions of crew grabbing towels to stop her flood from damaging anything. Still clutching her throbbing bladder she gingerly stepped her way through the giant puddle she had made and walked off the stage. The silent room filled with the sounds of her wet footsteps as she caused ripples to flow through her puddle.

The awkward silence was broken by the host.

“Well looks like we are down to four contestants, who if they are ready, we will move onto round 14 which will now begin with Katy” The host said raising an eyebrow at the young woman.

Katy had started to sweat now, the extra fluid from that last round was really starting to stretch her out as well. Plus the added effect of being filled while the spectacle of Amanda’s accident had unfolded had only increased discomfort. For the first time she had crossed her legs to support her muscles that were starting to struggle. Pulling her leggings up tighter she made sure the waistband now sat above her bladder, giving her a little respite, learning from the possible mistakes of Amanda.

Her hand quickly pressed into her crotch as the lights span, a small gesture to herself but even the small amount of extra pressure on her crotch helped calm her bladder. While she still felt massively bloated and If she was at home she would have just about done anything to reach a bathroom and let it all out, she new she wasn’t at home and she wasn’t about to let it all out. She had a contest to win and the last few rounds had really evened the playing field. Katy hadn’t been the weakest link in 5 full rounds and was really starting to see the others suffer like she was early on. But unlike her,, they would not have other contestants to help by being the weakest link. With now just 4 remaining, the chances of coming in the middle of the pack were much lower and so were the margins of failure.

Looking around Katy could also see the other three ladies fighting their bodies as the round started. Scarlet still had her eyes shut, both hands between a pair of tightly crossed legs. Despite any discomfort the tightly crossed legs might have had, it looked like Scarlet's muscles needed the extra help. Meanwhile Olivia and Alex, her real competitors were both staring at the giant puddle, still dripping from the podium. The looked mesmerised, although wile Alex stood with her legs firmly pressing together and a slightly worried look on her face, Olivia just looked entranced as her thighs gently rubbed together and a rather flushed look coming across her face.

“Round 14 will be on the Animal Kingdom”

“Katy, which bird is known as the symbol of peace?”

“Dove”

“Correct, Olivia what type of animal is a Mandrill?”

“Primate”

“Correct, Scarlet. What was the name of the oldest living Giant Panda?”

“Uh….” She did know this, it had come up in many of the trivia games. It seemed like the makers all seemed to love this panda. “Jia Jia”

“Correct, Alex”

Despite the extra time of being last to answer Alex wasn’t ready. Her bladder was full and pulsed uncomfortably inside her. Watching Amanda writhe and contort herself before she had exploded had brought back all the painful memories of the last match, and with them came an increase in her desperation. Leaning against her podium she was slowly shaking her legs, pressing her thighs and tensing her muscles rhythmically. Her tight red dress was really starting to be an issue, she had picked it over trousers because of the pain they caused last time.

It had been excruciating, the pressure of a solid waistline, but now she could feel her figure-hugging dress compressing her entire body. Unlike with her Khaki pants she could feel it increasing her desperation throughout her body rather than in one specific location. Although she wasn't sure which felt worse, but at least she could have undone her trousers. Hearing her name she crossed her legs tightly, but she still didn’t want the others to know how much she was starting to struggle. She had won the last time and if she showed weakness they might think they had a chance to win.

“Alex, What is the collective name for a group of Hedgehogs?”

“A pickle” she smiled, a pickle of hedgehogs, what a weird name…. a tremble from her muscles meant that even the smallest enjoyment at the funny name was drawn short. Her body was starting to protest again, she wasn’t sure how much more she could take before it would become totally obvious.

“Correct. Katy, What is the smallest Mammal?”

“The Etruscan shrew” she said with an air of authority.

“Correct. Olivia, What animal has the longest lifespan?”

“Bowhead Whale”

“Correct, Scarlet. What type of animal is the Mexican Hairless?”

“Dog”

“Correct, Alex”

Her bladder was throbbing again, what was happening inside her? By this point of every other round it had calmed down, except this time. The filling process spiked her desperation as always, but worryingly hadn't reduced. A hand went down to her crotch as she felt her muscles tremble again.

“The fingerprints of which animal are said to closely resemble Humans?”

“Koala” she muttered, trying not to let her voice falter as she felt another pulse. Her eyes glanced down at her abdomen which she could swear she saw move on its own. Ripples of pain started to shoot across it, like sparks dancing on the surface of her skin.

“Katy,”

“Bank”

“Katy, how long does it take a sloth to digest its food?”

“Two weeks”

“Correct, Olivia”

Olivia had been watching her rival with some interest over the last few minutes. Her face had been starting to show some real concern, but Olivia could tell it must have been worse than what she was trying to show the others. Alex’s hand kept moving unconsciously towards her crotch before moving away. She was constantly scrunching her hand into a tight fist and then relaxing it, making Olivia wonder if the same pulses that had started a couple of rounds ago in her bladder were also occurring in her rivals. She had watched as Alex’s hand crunches had gathered speed, it seemed as if something was going wrong, that is if she was right about it being a mirror of her rivals desperation.

Alex crossed her legs again, pressing her crotch lightly into the podium. This movement seemed to pull her dress up slightly and allowed Olivia a better view. Now that she could see Alex’s slender leg muscles tensing in rhythm too, she had to be right about Alex's bladder. Suddenly Alex’s tensing stopped as her muscles remained strained from a moment longer than usual. A small rivulet of liquid ran down the back of one of Alex’s legs. It was a small leak but it had been a leak and Olivia was instantly obsessed. Her rival, her bladder busting rival had just leaked. She felt her bladder pang sympathetically, but she could also feel another sensation growing but that was the last thing she should be thinking about at a time like this.

Olivia also became aware of the camera in front of her, the light was red which meant she was being broadcast. Her eyes darted to the host who was looking at her, “Shit” she thought internally, her mind had wandered again and it might have the same effect as last time. She had no idea what the question was and worse she was almost sure they had just shown images of her staring at Alex to the world.

“Im sorry…Can you repeat the question” she said reluctantly. Her face burnt with embarrassment as the precious seconds ticked by.

“How many legs do Mites have?”

In some ways the simple question made her embarrassment worse, if it had been a more complicated question she might have been able to play it off as not understanding it.

“Six”

“Incorrect, they have 8”

Olivia scrunched her face and tilted her head back; she should have known that. Bollocks.

“Scarlet, What is the largest animal in the world?”

“Blue Whale”

“Correct. Alex, which African animal has no vocal chords?”

She could still feel the wetness between her legs, the warm patch in her panties easy to identify as she shuffled her legs back and forth. The momentary crack in her defences had consequences, causing a burning sensation in her bladder as it ached to release more.

“Giraffffffffe” She hissed through her teeth as another spasm hit her. The escalation in her desperation now clear for all to see, not just Olivia.

“Correct. Katy, What is the scientific name given to tigers?”

“Panthera tigris”

“Correct, Olivia, What venomous snake is found in the UK”

“The Adder”

“Correct, Scarlet. Murder is the collective term for a group of what animal?”

“Crows”

“Correct, Alex”

“Bank”

“How many chambers does the heart of a cockroach have?”

Another drop escaped past her tired muscles causing her to groan quietly, her hand pressing tightly against her dress as she felt the wetness of her underwear start to soak through, causing her to reluctantly release her grip.

“4”

“incorrect, its 12” Alex groaned again, she had been doing so well but ever since that Weakest round, things had been quickly spiralling out of control.

“Katy, which part of an insect are all the legs attached too?”

“Thorax” Katy was having another great round, she had always hated science at school but the one part of it that she had done well in was Animals.

“Correct, Olivia. The leader of a group of Elephants is known as what?”

“Matriarch” A term many in the office used to refer to her, despite her young age.

“Correct. Scarlet which UK mammal is uniquely able to fly?”

“Bats”

“Correct, Alex, Sika and Roe are types of what animal?”

“Deer”

“Correct, Katy. What is the smallest reptile in the world?”

“Leaf Chameleon”

“Correct. Olivia, Which animal has the shortest Pregnancy?”

“Opossum”

“Correct, Scarlet. How many glasses of milk does a dairy cow produce over its lifetime?”

“200,000” Another random fact from the kids trivia game coming in handy, or was that something she read on the milk cartons she gave her kids.

“Correct. Alex, A common ladybird has sports of which colour?”

“Black”

“Correct, Katy.”

“Bank”

“Katy, Where is the heart of a shrimp located?"

"Its tail"

"Correct. Olivia,"

"Bank"

"how many legs do Lobsters have?”

“10”

“Correct”

Just as the host announced Olivia was right, the round buzzer went and it was over.

The four women stood on the stage in their states of desperation, trying to collect their thoughts. A faint dark spot and faint glimmering trails on the slender legs of Alex a sign of the increasing desperation in the room. Scarlet pressed her hands firmly into her crotch, tensing her muscles almost constantly. Her level of desperation increasing steadily for the last 10 minutes. Meanwhile a quiet rasping noise filled the room as Olivia and Katy squirmed, shuffling their legs against themselves as they waited for the host to announce the winners and losers of the round, it had been close and with a few wrong answers.

“So that was another great round, you secured yourself an impressive £2,920. There was a close contest for strongest and weakest links, but for this round Katy you are the strongest while Olivia you are the weakest link.”

“Shit” Olivia thought to herself again, she had been doing so well early on and now she was about to rocket into last place. Her bladder throbbed demanding, the pumps hadn’t even activated and yet but she could feel that the anticipation was making her need to pee worse. Gripping herself between her legs she waited for the uncomfortable feeling of her pump activating.

A chorus of groans filled the room, some low and guttural while others were strained and high pitched. All four women were closing on their absolute limits as the show runners pumped them periodically fuller and fuller. Only Katy stood tall as the rounds strongest link, but even she could feel her muscles straining under the immense pressure in her abdomen. Watching the others she shifted slightly, pressing one leg into the other and clenching herself, trying not to let her body respond to the others actions.

Olivia’s guttural moan reverberated through her throat as she looked up, searching for a refuge for her mind as it became overwhelmed with the need to pee. Her previous confidence almost disappearing completely as her body responded to the rapid intake of new water. She had been managing the discomfort well to this point, but while it wasn’t anything new to her she gasped, rapidly sucking in air as her stomach bulged even more. Groaning again she pulled more forcefully on her crotch, her defences threatening to crack any moment, she had learnt from the last contest where trying to show your strength got you.

As she focused on the Olivia could feel them trembling as if they too were nervous about her rapidly deteriorating ability to keep herself dry. Alarm bells were starting to go off, she had never felt like this before or at least not this quickly, the sudden nature of her desperation only increasing her worry. What had happened, she must have held several litres on multiple occasions before, why was this any different?

She watched as her bladder started to stick further and further out of her until she was hit with the realisation, she had never seen it like this before. It protruded inches out of her, the dress doing little to hide the obvious bulge in her abdomen. Was this the most she had ever held? How much more could she hold? The desire, the heat and anticipation of the last match returned at full force. Until now she had held similar amounts in her games with Tara, so it wasn’t anything new. But now, she was finally going into unknown territory again and pushing her limits. This is what she came back for, the feeling, the ultimate need and the internal pressure that seemed to hit all the right spots for her. Olivia could feel her body start to sweat but she wasn’t sure if it was from the exertion of keeping herself contained or the erotic drive to hold more and more until she could hold not a single drop extra.

Next to her both Alex and Scarlet were sweating also, but for both of them it was the complete and utterly desperate situations they found themselves in. Alex had knotted her legs together as she gripped the podium with two outstretched arms. Her face flushed as she all but hung from the podium in a stooped position, her bladder screaming for her to release it. Not for the first time she could feel pain radiating out from her bladder which now felt like a solid lump inside of her. The light fabric dress was now pinching at the skin near her armpits as it was pulled and stretched to accommodate her still growing bladder.

Scarlet was not doing much better, an almost constant hiss of air was coming out of the red faced woman as droplets of sweat gathered on her flushed skin. Eyes and moth shut, she was trying to contain everything, but as the pump kept doing its job it was making hers much harder. The fabric of her trousers starting to strain as her bladder bloated, but Scarlet knew she had a long way to go before reaching the levels of Amanda. Despite that she felt her muscles tire for a moment, a large spasm separating them and causing a few droplets to leak into her white cotton underwear. Slamming her legs together she grunted as her eyes flew open. Breathing heavily through her nose she could feel another spasm quickly approaching, but moments before she felt her pump turn off and the oncoming disaster was somehow averted, for now.

Next to her Alex had not been so lucky, more than a few droplets had escaped her and she could feel a distinct wet spot between her legs. Placing a hand against it only confirmed her worst fears, it was significantly wet. Quickly thinking she had to make sure her dress didn’t touch it, the light red material would likely display the wetness easily. Groaning she carefully stood up, her bladder still pulsing inside her. Somehow she regained her position without further leaking but Inside her body the battle for control was raging on. The liquid that had escaped her clenched muscles seemed to be calling to what was left inside her, trying to show it the way out as she felt another pulse. Her pee raced towards the exit of her bulging bladder, a louder groan this time escaped her pursed lips as she somehow stopped it before it could escape. A single tear ran down her check, the sheer effort and discomfort from her bladder clearly taking its toll on the young woman.

Internally Alex was sobbing, despair had replaced any hope she had of winning this thing. The desperation she currently felt was a match for what she remembered from the end of the last test. Feeling the tear roll down her face she was starting to wonder what she was doing, the agony of her bladder was almost too much to bare. She had won the first contest and had thought she was a sue in for it again, but the other women had upped their game significantly. She wasn’t even sure if she could compete with these iron bladdered women at any level. When it was just her and Olivia she had been optimistic she could win, just waiting for one more woman to wet them self, but this time as she looked around there were still 3.

It could only take one more round for them all to lose but could she hold that long?

“With the pumps finished we will move onto round 15, Technology.”

“Olivia we will start with you.”

“What was the original meaning of the word robot?”

“Uh….” What a question to start on. “Pass” Olivia cursed in her head, she couldn’t be the weakest link again. As much as she was starting to enjoy this she still wanted to win.

“Scarlet, when was the first Photo taken?”

“1826”

“Correct, Alex”

The cameras turned on in front of Alex, just in time for some observant audience members to see a rivulet of pee run down the back of leg. Desperately she squirmed and tensed her body, cutting off a fully-fledged accident.

“Alex, what substance was the first computer mouse made from?”

“I ughh” she squirmed again, her underwear getting increasingly wet as more small spurts escaped through the cracks in her bladders dam. A disaster was inevitable and yet, still she fought on.

“Metal”

“Incorrect, it was made from wood”

“Katy, what did the company Nintendo originally sell to consumers?”

“Playing cards”

“Correct. Olivia, the term Android means robot with a male appearance, what is the term for female robots?”

“I…Omdroid?” It was a total guess to her, Man – droid, so Woman – Droid ?

"Incorrect, the correct term is Gynoid”

“Scarlet, In what country was the first Mobile phone call made?”

“Japan”

“Incorrect, it was America” Oh no! Scarlet's bladder pulsed seemingly in reaction to the wrong answer, making her press her legs tighter together. She was starting to wonder if somehow this show was conditioning her to feel an increased need to pee when getting questions wrong. That would defiantly make pub quizzes or games with the kids more interesting.

“Alex”

As all eyes turned to the reigning champion she shuddered violently, clutching herself between her legs aloud splashing noise signalled that despite the young woman's best efforts, she simply could not hold her bladder shut any longer. Her hands cupped her womanhood creating a small pool as she groaned in relief, her pee quickly overflowing her hands and splashing noisily onto the floor. “Oh no” she whimpered, mirroring Scarlet moments before as Alex's bladder reached its capacity and was not willing to hold on for one more minute.

Removing her soaking hands Alex’s pee fell from her body unobstructed, her already soaking wet underwear forming little barrier to stop the onslaught of water as they clung to her body. A single strong stream fell between her legs as a dark red patch quickly spread up her knee length dress from her crotch. Her underwear actively letting the liquid flow across it and onto her once dry red dress. Closing her eyes Alex sobbed, she had failed to contain herself and despite her best efforts she just couldn’t repeat the large bladdered feat she had last time.

She had let her friends down, they had left their holiday early for nothing.

As the splattering noise continued the host quickly ignored the red faced and teary eyed Alex, focusing on the remaining 3 women.

Over the next 3 minutes and despite witnessing another accident, the remaining contestants managed to string a few good runs of questions together. Katy was the clear winner of the round, it was still shocking for many watching, remarking at the knowledge she had on even obscure topics. Although after a number of good rounds for the girl, it shouldn’t really have been surprising. It seemed that Katy really did have a vast knowledge of some subjects, causing many to wonder what would have happened if some of these topics had turned up last time.

It had taken just over 45 seconds for Alex’s tired body to empty itself, far less than Amanda and at a much slower speed too. However her puddle was still large in size and was an uncomfortable reminder of just how much the remaining 3 women were holding. The glistening puddle pooling with the others as a stark symbol of how far they had all come, especially given that most knew they were holding more than Alex.

To Olivia, Alex accident had shocked her despite the small spurts she had let out earlier, somehow assumed Alex would regain control over her body. But now as she watched the wet legged woman squelch her way off the stage, she was left with Katy and Scarlet. Olivia had picked Katy as a big contender this time around, based on the way she had turned up, seemingly ready for a fight and quietly confident. But for her to be here, beating off Alex and Claudia for the top three, she had surprised Olivia too. But nothing could have surprised her more than Scarlet, the mother of 2 had made it to the top 3, although she did seem to be the worst off of the remaining ladies. Clutching herself and pressing her legs together desperately, Scarlets face had been flushed for the last few rounds and she had seemingly started to mutter to herself. A sure sign of the stress and worry that the slightly older woman was having about her current position.

“In that round, you managed to score a reasonable £1,920. Katy, you are yet again the strongest link and really starting to show your skills here.”

Katy furrowed her brow, a look of confusion on her face. Had the host just been nice to her, taken aback she wasn’t sure how to respond. But with Alex out of the way and Olivia about to be the weakest link, she was getting more and more confident she would leave here the winner. Even as her bladders contents swirled inside her. Being the strongest link several times in a row had really let her bladder settle, her skin was still tight and there was an unforgiving pressure inside her, but she knew it would be nothing compared to how the others were feeling. Her body had been given time to adjust while Olivia was being pumped fuller and fuller.

“Olivia you were the weakest link that round. However, because Alex was unable to make it to the end of the round we have moved into the final 3. Which if you remember means that the rounds winnings are now shared between all but the strongest link.”

Scarlet closed her eyes, she had remembered the rules from last time but had been somehow hoping they had changed.

“So Scarlet and Olivia you will be sharing the total amount for this round, as well two of you in the following rounds. This means the Strongest link really is the strongest position to be in.”

Olivia and Scarlet both felt their pumps turn on in unison as almost another full litre began pumping into them. They could feel their bodies expanding, their clothes becoming even tighter and their muscles trembling to contain their bladders. The pressure caused Scarlet to double over again, her physical limits once again being exposed and broken by the machine cruelly pushing water into her.

While Olivia was once again looking for refuge in the roof of the building, staring off into the black abyss and allowing herself to focus on the feeling of her bladder expanding. It was back, the feeling of pure pain and pure ecstasy, a feeling she had been missing and despite her games with Tara it seemed nothing was quite the same as this. The sudden cramping and pressure pushing on something inside her that was driving her mad with excitement. It was filing her desire to get fuller and fuller despite the spasms and now painful shock waves spreading through her body.She would need to be careful not to get too carried away.

Scarlet could feel her bladder threatening to release more into her damp underwear, but thankfully she had found a new thought to hang onto. She had beaten Alex, the last contests champion. Not only had she beaten her own total for the last time, but she had beat the person who had won it all. While she had been more confident in her abilities this time around, a large part still doubted her abilities. But to be stood on the stage in the top 3 and with Alex out of the contest made her realise she did have a chance after all. If she could Just hold on a little longer she knew she could do it.

As round 16 started, her new found confidence only grew. A round on royal families was a specific yet vague round that seemed to stump the other two many times. Getting an early lead of a couple of questions gave Scarlet the chance to watch her opponents for the first time in a long time, and she was happy with what she saw.

Olivia’s dress was bulging massively out of her abdomen, the constantly shuffling and pressing of her hands to her crotch was a clear give away that she was in dire straights, not surprisingly given the size of her bladder. There was no doubt in Scarlet's mind that the woman did have the largest bladder of any of them, but she also knew she could win with her smarts. Meanwhile Katy seemed to be struggling less but she too was showing clear signs of desperation, almost a mirror image of scarlet as she herself shuffled and almost pee danced on the spot. She was glad to see all 3 of them appeared to be in the same boat, the next few rounds would be decisive, although part of her hoped this wouldn’t go on too much longer. Her mind went back to that night at the cinema again, the familiar feeling of her slipping control as she tried to hold it then was coming back to her as she stood at her podium. But this time, she had more practice and she wasn’t the only one fighting for control.

By the end of the round the three ladies had banked another relatively low round of £1,920, despite Scarlet's best efforts to maximise her gain and the others pain. She had risked not banking a few times since she was more confident in her abilities than the others and it had cost her. Although, with just 2 of them to share the load, it still meant another litre was going to end up in both of her competitors.

The much needed respite for Scarlet was the opposite for Katy. She had been doing so well, with minimal intake over the last few rounds, her control had come back and so had her confidence. But now, even if she wasn’t the weakest link she would have to take in a large amount of water. It was unfortunate but steeling herself she knew she could do it, she was winning and could afford it this time.

The pumps activated yet again and she felt her bladder quickly expanding again, her established lead evaporating in an instant as she just stopped another moan leaving her lips. Panting heavily the two women strained their muscles, pulling and pushing every muscle to hold their bladders shut. Olivia’s breath quickened as she felt the strongest and most painful pulse yet, a grimace appearing on her face as she felt the liquid inside her pushing her body to bigger and bigger extremes. Long gone were her normal limits of “play” and even the sense of adventure and lust to be filled seemed to wain under the enormous pressure of her bladder. Her skin was being pulled even more taught across her new larger body, feeling and looking heavily pregnant and making her start to worry about stretch marks. Could the temporary deformity she was causing end up altering her body in the long run?

Katy’s legs started to vibrate, unable to standstill due to the increasing pressure. The facade of control broken in an instant as her bladder’s control weakened for a moment. As with scarlet a few rounds ago she felt a series of drops escape her and into her brightly coloured underwear, thankfully her leggings showed now damage of her small accident and a few moments later the pumps finally stopped but the damage was done. Katy knew if she stopped fidgeting she would wet herself. This was her state now, she was fighting for each moment of control from here on out.

Despite that, she knew she had been in this situation before and knew, this wasn’t necessarily the end just yet. Many long lines at parties and road trips with no stops had trained her for this. She was the master of her bladder and she was sure it could beat the other two women stood in front of her. It might just need a little bit of luck with the types of questions, but she could do it. But from this moment on, to win she would need to be the strongest link as many times as possible. A thought that was also going through Scarlet's mind as she inversely enjoyed the momentary relaxation of not being pumped full.

All three were starting to loose control and with each moment and round that passed, it brought them closer to victory or a very wet defeat.

Bladders after round 16

Olivia: 8,616 ml

Scarlet: 6,031ml

Katy: 6,267 ml

Alex: 5,657 ml – 4th

Amanda: 8,865 ml – 5th

Claudia: 2,996 ml – 6th

Thanks for reading, as always I hope you guys are still enjoying this. We are up to the final 3, Olivia, Katy and Scarlet!

