The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 3

Author: Markj9494

*046*2020-02-23 14:24

Chapter 15. Rule number 4 (Alex part 2)

Alex was sitting on her bed tapping her foot annoyed. She had been on hold for more than an hour with the airline, trying to rearrange her flight back to the UK. It had been about 5 weeks since the news of the rematch was announced and to her annoyance they had scheduled it for while her and her friends were still on holiday. Originally she had thought about giving up the chance to play again and just stay here in the warm weather to have fun.

“Hello, Alex are you still there?”

“Hi Yes!, yes I am here”

“Hi its Mary from Quantus airlines, I understand you are trying to reschedule your return flight?”

“Yes, that’s right”

“Ok, well I have your flight details right here, unfortunately it seems that since you booked all of your flights as a group we are unable to change just the one you requested.”

“Oh….is there nothing I can do to just get the one ticket changed?”

“Im sorry, there isn’t.”

Dam it, Alex thought to herself. That was an hour wasted, why couldn’t the first lady have just said that.

“is there anything else I can help with though?” Mary asked

“Can I book a one way ticket with you, and leave the others as they are?”

“Well technically im not supposed too, but seeing as how unfair it seems im sure we can make an exception. Do you still want it on the date you asked for earlier?”

“Yes please”

“Ok, that will be £960”

Alex coughed, “Im sorry did you say £960 for the one way flight in economy”

“Yes, im sorry prices are high at the moment for that flight, it is the holidays”

Was Alex really going to waste that much money getting back for the contest, a contest that she didn’t even want to be a part of and that she might not even win.

“Im sorry, that’s a bit more expensive than I thought it was going to be, is it ok if I phone you back a bit later to confirm?”

“Yes that’s ok, I’ll put a reserved marker on one of the seats for you, just in case it fill up. Im sorry I couldn’t be much help”

“No its ok, Thank you for everything.”

Hanging up the phone she looked down, huffing she put her hands on her hips. Almost a grand for one ticket, that was almost half of what she paid for 3 of them. The only other option was to change all the tickets and ruin everyone's holiday and she wasn’t about to do that.

She would just have to miss the contest.

Putting her phone down on the bed she stood quickly and hurried out of the room. For the last 30 minutes she had been desperate to pee, all the drinks she had consumed since breakfast and with lunch finally catching up to her. Running across the holiday home they had rented her socks slid across the wooden floor towards the bathroom. Trying the handle to door It wouldn’t budge, the faint sound of the shower coming through the door, the running water doing nothing for her bladder.

“I think Megan is in the shower” Carla said, sat at the kitchen table eating some cereal.

“Did you only just get up?” Alex asked.

“Technically no….but yes I have only just gotten out of bed if that’s what you mean” she replied waving the spoon in her hand around. “Are you ok?” She raised an eyebrow at the pee dancing Alex in front of her.

“Yeah I just really need to pee, and she takes forever in there”

Turning around Alex rushed back into her room, shutting the door. Dropping her clothes to the floor she quickly grabbed her orange bikini and fastened it around herself. The bump of her full bladder clearly sticking out of her slim figure. Grabbing a shirt to protect her from the sun she ran back out of the room and past Carla. Opening the glass doors she rand down the ramp and onto the beach, each step sending shock waves through her bladder. Luckily it wasn’t an absolute emergency yet and she could handle the mild discomfort running like this was causing as she sloshed the contents of her bladder around inside her.

Reaching the waters edge she quickly entered up to her waste before diving into it head first. The sudden rush of water caused her bladder to contract, but as she turned over and started to float on her back she didn’t fight it and just let it relax. Peeing casually through her bikini bottoms and into the sea was oddly freeing. She laid back and enjoyed the feeling, relaxing as the already warm water caressed her body as she bobbed gently in the calm waters.

Staying in the calm waters for a few minutes Alex felt truly relaxed, she was starting to worry about falling asleep floating there when she was interrupted. A sudden splashing noise made her open her eyes as she spotted Carla charging into the water up to her knees before stopping. Alex was wondering what she was doing for a moment, before she saw a steam of pee leave her friend and enter the water through her white bikini.

“Really?” Alex called out laughing. “Two more steps and no one would know what you were doing”

“There’s no one around, its fine. Plus, I don’t really care” Carla replied

“I can see that” Alex slowly swam back to the shore, avoiding the area her friend had just peed in. While Alex had just done the exact same thing, it seemed weird to swim through someone else's pee.

“I am going to miss this when we return to civilisation” Carla responded as the two of the walked up to house again. “Its just so convenient, which reminds me do we have everything ready for the BBQ tonight?”

“How did peeing in the ocean remind you of our BBQ tonight?” Alex asked

“No its not that, just the convenience of having a beach at our front door, but the girls and I do have a surprise for you tonight”

“Ok…. not sure I like the sound of that”

“Relax, it will be fun” Carla said, putting an arm around Alex as they approached the house. “But we should probably start prepping everything. We still need to build a firepit”

A while later the four of them were sat around a roaring fire, having polished off enough brisket and BBQ to feed a small army. Reclining in their beach chairs there was a satisfied silence around them as they let their food go do down, sipping on some home-made lemonade they had put together earlier. The crackling of the fire and rushing water from the beach the only noises coming from the still night.

Carla sat up in her chair, the first of them to move in what felt like hours.

“Ok, so Alex, we would all like to thank you for this holiday and help you out for the competition next week”

“Come on guys, I had one rule when you agreed to this back home and that was not talking about the show.”

“Why whats wrong with it, you won!” Carla responded.

“I don’t know, its just weird.” Alex replied, looking down at her half-finished lemonade instead of at her friend.

“Well, we are making an exception for tonight because we are going to give you a practice round with us 3”

“Bladder buddieeees” Charlie cheered.

“What are you talking about?” a picture was forming in her head, but Alex didn’t think they could seriously be suggesting this could they?”

“Well, we figured that since your bladder paid for all of this” Carla said gesturing around her at the beach. “The least we could do is attempt to repay you, by helping you win the rematch”

“Yeah, so we can go somewhere else” Megan mocked.

“look, I appreciate the thought but I mean why would you want to go through that, and anyway” She paused looking down at the sand again “Im not going to the rematch” she said quietly.

“Wait why?” Carla asked, shocked at her friends’ omission.

“I couldn’t rearrange just my flight, so Id have to pay like a grand for a one-way ticket in order to make it to the show. Plus, I’d rather just stay here and have fun with you guys” While there was still part of Alex that was interested in competing, everything she had just said was true.

“So you are missing out because of us?” Charlie asked softly

“No, its not like that. Its not your fault that they messed up and had to rearrange it and its also not your fault they picked a day while we were all on holiday” Replied Alex

“We get that, but don’t want you to miss out on this opportunity for 2 more weeks in Australia, especially since you payed for the flights out here.”

“And its going to be like 50k for the winner” added Megan.

That was true, she hadn’t realised that but if they were starting with the same amount she won last time and added that amount on again. She could win a lot more this time…..but that wasn’t the point

“Like I said, I appreciate it, but im not even sure I want to go back and do all that over again”

“What have you got to lose?” Carla asked.

“Yeah, even if you don’t win it doesn’t cost you anything. You may as well go and see how it feels, you might be more used to it this time” It was optimistic from Megan but Alex had to admit she was right.

“And with this training, we can make sure you are fighting fit for it. Give that bladder a good old stretch before the competition” Charlie said enthusiastically.

“I don’t know…..” Alex replied, but the girls could see her resolve weakening and none of them wanted her to miss out on this. It was true what Alex had said about it not being their fault, but they could at least help be the reason she gave it another go.

“Ok, fine, how about we put some stakes on it?.” Carla said, standing and walking over to Alex.

“Ugh…don’t even mention Steaks” Charlie joked, a hand on her full stomach, one bite away from a food induced nap.

“You win, we leave it up to you. But if one of us beats you, you have to go to the rematch”. Carla said holding her hand out for Alex to shake. After considering it for a moment, slowly she reached up and shook her hand.

“But we get 10% if that happens” Charlie quickly shouted from her chair laughing.

“Nope, too late” Alex said, a smile across her face for the first time since the morning. Opening up to everyone and not keeping it all a secret felt like a big weight had been lifted from her shoulders and now she felt she could go back to enjoying herself.

“So what exactly did you have planned for tonight?” Alex asked, slightly worried about the response she was going to get. If Carla had organised this thing, which she was fairly sure she would have, she was going to have gone all out like she usually did.

“Well, since you asked, give me two minutes” She said disappearing into the house with Megan who offered to lend a hand. They returned a few minutes later, each carrying a large crate of drinks and a small bag.

“Ok” Carla said, carefully lowering the heavy crates of drinks to the ground. “So last one to pee wins, but we have a few fun additions to make it more like a drinking game.”

Opening the bag she took out a small wooden box and placed it on the crate.

“So the first rule, whenever you finish a bottle, you have to upturn the bottle to show its empty, but if any drops fall out you have to do a shot of Vodka” she said taking a large bottle of Smirnoff out of the bag. “Rule 2. When the first person finishes their bottle and upturns it everyone else has to chug their drink, following on from that we have rule 3. The last person to finish chugging the bottle has to do a forfeit.” She picked up the small wooden box, holding it one hand she did her best teleshopping hand gestures presenting it to the group.

“in here, I have put a number of challenges that we will have to do, so for example” pulling out a small folded piece of paper, “Do 5 jumping jacks, sounds easy but im sure it wont be when we really need to pee. And the final rule and the most important rule, no peeing in the house. In fact I just locked it, so even if you try to cheat you wont be able too.”

“Wait so we are just supposed to pee ourselves. Im not sure I want or even can do that” a look of worry coming across Megan's face.

“Oh relax, the sea is right there, if you cant take it anymore you are just going to have to pee in it instead” Carla responded, seemingly putting Megan’s worry to rest. Carla was also sure that after a few beer’s none of them would be too worried about it anymore.

“Now we have plenty of beer to drink and there is no time like the present.” She said cracking the crate open, revealing row after row of beer bottles. Their liquid glimmering in the light of the fire, Alex took a deep breath and reached in for her first bottle. Each of the others followed grabbing a bottle and opening it, luckily these were twist offs so no opener was needed.

“Cheers” Alex held her bottle up and clinked it with two others, the third missing.

“Snooze you loose” A breathless Charlie burped next to them, upturning an already empty bottle. Although in her speed, a few droplets of beer remained and slowly fell out of the bottle. “Shit...” she said out loud as the others laughed.

“I don’t know why you are laughing” She said pointing at Alex who then looked around to see both Carla and Megan chugging their bottles rapidly. Tipping the bottle to her lips she breathlessly chugged her drink she did her best to catch up, but unfortunately the others finished first. Coughing slightly as she finished her bottle, the others started a drum roll on their thighs as she reached for the first forfeit.

“And the first forfeit is……do the splits. Well it’s a good thing I don’t need to pee yet. Although I cant really do the splits, but I’ll give it a go” She dropped to the floor, her fabric shorts letting her legs move freely as she made a pretty good attempt at the splits. The others clapped as she stood again, bowing to them as if she had just won a medal or something.

“That would have been evil later on, what else have you put in their?” She asked. “That’s probably one of the worst, but there are plenty more to go around.” Their would-be torturer Carla responded, a look of glee spread across her face. “Another?” she asked handing out a bottle to each of them.

…

Two hours, 9 bottles and several shots each later, the four women sat in their chairs in various states of inebriation and desperation. Alex could feel the beer in her stomach churning inside of her. She could handle her alcohol but the sheer amount and fizzy-ness was taking its toll and she was starting to feel slightly sick. Thankfully everyone seemed to have calmed down on the drinking speed, but even so she could feel her bladder bulging within her. The copious amounts of liquid also increasing her need to pee but she knew she still had a little time left before it was too bad. Glancing at the bottles around her, she did however know that the next beer would be more than enough to make her pee herself in time, joining the rest of them already flowing through her body. She pressed her legs together as a shiver ran up her legs. Looking around she was happy to see the others still chatting.

Megan looked the least comfortable, she was wriggling in her chair, her legs pressed tightly together and rocking back and forth. Alex could see that she was in major trouble, but somehow she was still making conversation and seemingly clear headed. Despite her small stature she could hold her booze, but Alex was starting to think Megan's bladder probably wasn’t used to this amount of holding. She watched as Megan brought her legs up and together again, fighting off another wave of urgency.

Charlie looked like she was doing ok, after her display on the plane Alex knew her body was capable of holding a lot of pee, but that was while she was under the power of a sleeping drug. Would she be able to replicate the same levels of will power, going off her red face and the increase in volume of her voice she wasn’t handling her liquor quite as well. On the other hand Carla was seemingly unphased by either, other than having her legs crossed Alex was starting to wonder if her friend secretly had the biggest bladder out of the lot of them. Taking advantage of their distraction she could see they still had half full bottles while hers was almost empty. Slowly swigging the rest of it and making sure it was completely empty she upturned it.

“Drink up” She said loudly.

“Oh shit”, Charlie fumbled around for her bottle having put it down. “Dam it”, even before she could start to drink both Megan and Carla upturned theirs.

“That wasn’t very nice Alex, we were having a nice chat.” Charlie said, downing the rest of her bottle.

"What was it you said at the start, snooze you lose?" Alex responded.

This only seemed to light a fire in her friends eyes. “Let see how you like it” she locked eyes with Alex, almost daring her to say or do something. Grabbing 3 bottles she handed one to each of the others, quickly turned the top and started to chug her new and entirely full bottle.

“No please” Alex said, laughing as she lunged for the crate. A quiet whimper from Megan went unheard as the others began downing their bottles. Alex quickly unscrewing hers and in defiance of her bladder and stomach reached her neck bad and drank as quickly as she could. Just 6 seconds later her bottle was empty, upturning it she was happy to see she wasn’t last.

Megan was still doing her best to down her bottle, but her trembling legs and shaking body were clearly indicating her body was at its capacity and trying to stop her forcing more beer into it. Still she finished, upturned her bottle only to look at Alex who had somehow beaten her.

“Oh gosh” she said, closing her eyes and shoving both hands between her legs.

“What was that for Charlie, are you trying to make me piss myself. I thought we were supposed to be on a team” Megan said, playfully swinging an arm out to hit Charlie.

“Hey”, she wafted her arms at her attacker, “Sorry got carried away putting Alex in her place” She put her tongue out, directing it towards Alex who was currently trying to let out a burp without being ill. “But you can hold it, we can all put miss strongest link in her place”

“Well, this strongest link didn’t fail to drink up, so it looked like its you who both need to do the next forfeit.” It was Alex’s turn to do the drum roll on her legs, although now the shockwaves she was sending through her legs seemed to be reaching her bladder.

“And, the winner is….Fuck!” Charlie exclaimed

“Well, I mean if the card says we have too” Megan joked, causing the others to laugh and double over in their chairs as the heartfelt laughing threatened to break their stalwart defences.

“Ok, rule 4. No making me laugh” Carla added, wiping a tear from her eye.

“Unfortunately, its not that. We have to do a 30 second plank”

“As in the exercise?” Megan asked.

“Yep, now get to it!” Carla pointed to the ground between them.

“Ok…Ok…hoof, here we go” Both of them slowly knelt on the ground before putting out their feet and extending their arms, leaving them using their core strength to support their body. The only issue with that, the muscles that control that motion were rather unfortunately surrounding their bladders. Contracting the muscles to keep their posture made their need to pee shoot through the roof, as the pressure multiplied a thousand times over.

“Oh…fffffffffff” Charlie hissed between her clenched jaw. A soft whimper escaped Megan again as her body started to shake with exertion of both holding her pee and maintaining her position. After 10 seconds she let out a strained groan, a hiss audible in the quiet night for just a moment.

“Did you just?” Alex asked.

“No I’m good” she almost cried, a vein on her head bulging out .

From where Alex was sitting she could see the bulge in the two women's abdomens, despite holding themselves off the floor, the bladders protruding out of them, especially in Megan it was touching the floor. She doubted either was using it for extra support, if anything they must have been dying to keep her weight off them. Sweat was forming on both women as they passed 20 seconds, their arms increasingly wobbly as their faces flushed red. Megan gasped loudly, she had been holding her breath trying to hold everything inside of her including her breath. It was followed quickly by a flood of pee that instantly saturated her Orange Bikini bottoms and flowed through them in a steady stream thudding onto the sand beneath her.

She gave in, collapsing onto the sand, the time wasn’t up but her strength was. Now lying on her bladder directly she groaned in relief as her pee shot out at increasing speed, the audible hiss increasing in volume as it made its way through the typically water resistant material. “Oh….I needed this” She sighed, a smile on her face as she almost hugged the sand under her, still peeing and letting her body relax.

“Oh….Fuck…..Thats 30 seconds right?” Charlie stood up, throwing both hands between her crotch and dancing intensely on the spot. The sudden movement after her drunken exertion making the world spin, she closed her eyes for a moment as she tried to steady herself and calm her bladder.

Alex felt something cold forced into her hand, too busy watching the spectacle unfold In front of her as Megan pissed laying on the sand and Charlie danced like her life depended on it. Looking down Carla was handing her another bottle, she winked and raised her open bottle chugging it. Alex shook her head, she wasn’t sure if she could take another bottle without being sick but watched Charlie quickly draining her’s and knew that any exertion would probably be worse than this. Unscrewing the cap she tipped the bottle back and drank, and drank and drank, the bottle seemed almost bottomless. Finally she felt the bottle empty, looking down she could see Charlie still closed eyed and dancing, a gleeful look on Carla’s face.

“Hey, Charlie…Ive got some bad news buddie” She said holding up the empty bottle.

“No…Come on guys im about to burst”

“A deals a deal” Carla said, handing her a bottle and the box of forfeits.

Taking the bottle and grabbing a piece of paper “Stand with your legs apart for 1 minute”…”You miss spelled minute by the way” she shot a look at Carla, while clutching herself.

“Well, I did them quickly….And NO HANDS!” she said pointing to the one that Charlie was using to keep herself dry. The large bulbous organ sticking out of her and threatening to explode at any moment.

Giving herself a quick squeeze through her light blue Bikini Charlie slowly removed her hand.

“No..no…...no” she sighed, hanging her head as the pee shot out of her. Standing with her legs open had weakened her defences but removing her hand had been the final straw. Despite being a warm night, they could all see the steam coming off her boiling hot urine, falling between her spread legs. An oval of dark blue now present on her bikini as she peed through her clothes. As she stood peeing, Charlie unscrewed the cap and started to chug the next bottle. Simultaneously drinking and peeing was an odd sensation but it was strangely relaxing. 30 seconds later the heavy thudding of her pee hitting the now drenched sand stopped as she also upturned her bottle.

“So can me and Megan still make you drink if we chug ours?” she asked, finally closing her legs and attempting to wipe off the droplets off pee from her skin with the back of her hand. Seemingly not phased by everything that had just happened.

“I think that’s a great idea” Megan said, having gotten off the floor she couldn’t help but feel slightly impressed by the size of her puddle on the wet sand. “Especially since you locked the door so we couldn’t pee before this thing started.”

“Are you saying that’s why you lost?” Alex asked

“Well it didn’t help did it, I hadn’t gone since lunch” she replied, her face slightly red.

“Well I know what we can do to help make you feel better, how many beers do you think you can drink in the next 5 minutes” Charlie asked, raising an eyebrow at her now non desperate friend.

A smile came across Megan's face, “Shall we start with 3?”

“No no, you guys are out, this doesn't count” Carla started.

“Hang on, Megan do you remember that being a rule?”

“No, I think there were only 3 rules right? Lets see, 1. Drink the bottle and upturn it, 2 everyone else chug, 3. Last place does a forfeit….I think that was all there was right?”

“Yep, that’s all I remember Megan so it seems…its on!”

Charlie quickly grabbed 3 bottles and tossed them to Megan before grabbing 3 of her own. This left Carla and Alex to scramble for the box only to find it was now empty. Despite their bulging bladders sending waves of discomfort through their bodies, they quickly slid the empty crate off the top of the other box. Bending down was a real effort as they compressed their full bladders. Carla pulled the box top off in one go as Alex went in and grabbed a bottle, quickly uncapping it and beginning to chug.

“One down” she heard the clink of two bottles hitting each other as Megan and Charlie started on the next.

10 seconds was all it took Alex to finish, but she felt her bladder contract, or was it her stomach, either way it wasn’t a good sign with 2 more bottles to go. Turning it over to show it was empty she grabbed another bottle, happy to see that Carla was still on her first. Uncapping it she put it to her lips as she placed her free hand on her bloated stomach that was still expanding. Her shorts tight against her for the first time she could remember.

“Two down” another clink and a burp,

Alex was struggling to breath now. Finishing her second bottle she was shocked to see Carla had drawn level and had finished almost simultaneously. She stuck out a shaky hand to grab the third bottle, before she had to move it to her mouth as she felt her stomach do a back flip inside her. Steadying herself after the moment passed she grabbed the third and final bottle but she knew it was probably too late. Carla had won, but she still had to finish, finally the third bottle was down but now she really didn’t feel good.

Both bloated women fell back onto the sand clutching themselves.

“Why did we do that Alex…” Carla asked, dazed and feeling her body bloat even more.

“I don’t know….because they made us”

“Well, I mean its only when the third person finishes that we have to worry. We could have just both waited”

“Urghh….hindsight really is 20:20” Alex groaned, laying with one hand between her leg and the other resting on her bloated stomach. She needed a break otherwise she would explode in one way or another, the gas from the drinks filling her like a literal balloon.

Despite their discomfort both women made it another hour, but the desperation they felt increased dramatically over that period. Both were now sat hunched forward with their hands between their legs still attempting to take part in the conversation. Thankfully the drinking had seemed to end with the last sprint and Alex's stomach had calmed. Carla was putting up a brave face but she wasn’t doing well, she had leaked a few minutes ago as she felt her tired muscles weaken, but thankfully no one seemed to notice. She was desperate to win, she really wanted Alex to go back and give the contest another try and was determined to make her. She only had one chance to win, make her do a forfeit. Slowly she placed her hand back in the box and took a bottle out.

“Im sorry Alex but I don’t think I can wait much longer”

“Its ok, I….” then she saw what her friend was up too “Nooo” she squealed as Carla tipped back her drink and started to chug, Alex moved towards the box to grab a beer but Carla seemed to cough into the bottle.

The little cough caused a domino effect, first she started to choke on the beer she was still trying to chug, spilling it over herself. The beer had gone down the wrong way and now she was in the midst of a coughing fit, which totally destroyed her ability to hold her extremely full bladder. Almost instantly pee began to explode out of her with each cough, spraying it in a wide arc. Her control was completely gone, the gamble to win had backfired and now she was full on wetting herself. Her giant bladder slowly deflating as her pee ran freely onto the chair and then the sand beneath.

“Well *cough* I fucked *Cough* That up” She laughed. "But letting it all out feels great"

“For you” Alex said, the sound of her friends pee hitting the sound making her double over as her bladder control wavered momentarily. But after the initial shock of the sudden noise, her control returned as she waddled back to her seat and sat slowly, clutching herself tightly. She hadn’t reached the point of pain yet, but somehow the alcohol was making her reach all new levels of pure desperation to pee. “So, can I go pee now” she asked

“Nope, you owe us one more bottle to truly be the champion.” Carla said still peeing onto the chair, now leaning back and causing a waterfall of pee to fall off the front of the chair as the rest dripped through the saturated canvas of the chair itself.

“If that’s what it takes” She said standing and making her way over to the crate, picking out a bottle and making her way back to her seat with some effort.

“But at least I can take my time and enjoy this one” she said, taking a few sips from her bottle.

Finally empty, Carla leaned towards Alex

“Oh and Alex”

“Yes, runner up…..I like the sound of that”

“Well glorious champion….Shazam!” she said, before slamming the bottom of her empty bottle onto the top of Alex’s. The shock made the beer inside froth and shoot out of the neck of the bottle.

Immediately Alex put her mouth over the top of it, but she too started to choke as the volume of it shooting out of the top overwhelmed her mouth. The foam causing her to choke, with her moth still over the top her friends sat back and watched as it started to shoot out of her nose. Coughing violently she removed her mouth, causing it to spray all over her. The four of them burst into drunk laughter, having just witnessed Alex spray beer out of her nose.

Ordinarily it would have been funny, but after having drunk this much beer it suddenly became the funniest thing to happen in the universe. Alex too was laughing and that spelled the end of her control as she felt warm wetness spread across her crotch as her pee started to leave her. Instantly her cotton shorts were completely drenched as her laughing caused her muscles to contract and roll inside her, but she wasn’t the only one. A loud hissing began to come from Megan for the second time that night as her still damp bikini became saturated in her pee at the same time. Neither woman able to control their laughter or their bladder. Charlie began pointing at Megan, still laughing as she grabbed at her crotch. Apparently in the last hour both women's bladder had filled again, but somehow Charlie was just managing to control herself.

A minute later both women had finished peeing, enjoying being empty again.

Looking over at her friend, Alex could tell Carla was unhappy having lost, she was always terrible at hiding her feelings after a few drinks. If it meant that much to her, she knew what she had to do.

“Well I guess I didn’t make it…..call it a draw? So that means I’ll go if you still want me too?”

“Yes” the other three girls said in unison, standing to hug it out as they formed a huddle, surrounded by the large amount of wet sand they had created between them.

“Now can you unlock the house, because I really have to pee again” Charlie said, causing the group to laugh again. Covering the half serious plea’s of their friend as they walked up the beach towards their house.

1 day to go.

For the last week, all they could talk about was the show. They had successfully arranged to change all their flights back to England for just 2 days ago, maximising their time in Australia. It had been weird for Alex since she had originally wanted no one to talk about it, but it wasn't as embarrassing as she thought it was going to be.

After agreeing to go on the show again, her friends had rallied around her, buying a series of quiz books and going to any and all pub quizzes they could find in the town where they were staying. Alex had no desire to repeat her last desperate ordeal, so training her mind was hopefully going to stop her being the weakest link and help her avoid that extra water at all costs. She slightly cursed herself for not starting her training earlier, but she had just been having too much fun. Plus, she was the reining champion of the group so she was sure she would do ok again. If it was enough to win last time, with just a little training and some luck she was confident she could win again.

Careful not to drink too much before bed the night before the contest she awoke early, lying there Alex stared up at her bedroom ceiling contemplating if she could just not go and stay in bed. But her friends had given up their holiday to let her do this, she couldn’t waste this opportunity. Sliding out of bed she quickly got dressed in a smart but loose fitting red dress, making sure to pee about every 5 minutes, her nerves were starting to get the better of her.

Finally the alarm on her phone went off telling her it was time to leave.

Alex was slightly surprised to see she was the 5th one to arrive.

Walking in there was a sudden sense of tenseness in the air. Everyone seemed to be staring at her as she walking in, were they that annoyed by her winning last time. It looked like they had all been happily chatting until she walked in, maybe this wasn’t such a good idea.

Thankfully Olivia broke the tension, walking over and giving her a hug and asking how she had been. After that everyone seemed to go back to what they were doing.

“So who do you think is going to win it?” Olivia asked out of the blue

“Im sorry?” Alex asked.

“I mean, if you had to pick one of them other than us?” She clarified.

Looking around the room the other 4 ladies seemed to be engrossed in conversation now that Claudia had arrived.

“Well…they all look pretty confident but I would guess maybe Claudia? She was third last time.”

“True, but she seemed to be at her capacity by the end of the last match…..im going to put my money on the dark haired beauty in the corner” Olivia said gesturing with her now empty coffee cup at Katy sat in the corner. Unlike the others she seemed to be trying to pump herself up, to get in the zone. “Although Amanda is looking very confident this morning, so we could be in for a real challenge today” She said, unable to keep the smile off her face.

Alex nodded in agreement, wondering why someone would look so happy to be facing such stiff competition.

“Ok Ladies, its show time. You have 3 minutes to visit the bathroom and then I will need you all back here” A member of staff shouted across the room.

The sense of trepidation returned for some as their chats ended and they all made their way to the toilets to let out their final pee.

3 minutes later the women made their way out onto the the stage, each standing at their designated podiums. Alex couldn’t help but feel a slight sense of dread as she watched the busy crew rush around making sure everything was in order.

Finally the lights went up and standing there was Anne, the host.

“Good evening ladies and gentlemen, its time to play the Weakest link”

.......

Hey guys, just wanted to say a big thank you to everyone who has continued to read this story!

Its been fun to try my hand at other writing styles / scenarios and hopefully everyone enjoyed the glimpses into the characters lives.

But now, its been a long time in the making but the rematch is about to begin!

*050*2020-03-06 00:56

Hey guys, sorry for the delay. I've had a bit of writers block combined with a busy work schedule which has limited my time to write.

But here is the first chapter of the rematch, its a bit shorter to speed up the start of the contest. The following chapters should be a bite more like the original structure.

Chapter 16: This time with feeling (Rematch starts here)

The cameras rotated on their spots as the lights in the studio shone to illuminate the host. Just like last time, the room was suddenly filled with a tenseness as each of the contestants hoped their weeks of training would be enough to help them go home the champion.

“Welcome back to the weakest link, this week is somewhat of a special episode” The host began, reading from a teleprompter in front of her. “The season finale is extra special this year as we have 6 returning competitors, each looking to go home the winner this time. With a bigger prize pool and more up for grabs, i'm sure we are in for a great show today.”

The six women stood confidently behind their podiums, each looking far more determined than the last time they were here.

Slowly the camera panned around each of them, as the host did a run down of the rules and starting cash.

“So, with the formalities out of the way, lets play….the Weakest Link!”

The lights came down onto the contestants, each now faced with their own camera. A single light blinking in front of them periodically, indicating them they were being broadcast.

All the training and nerves had lead up to this point, finally, the rematch they had all been waiting for was starting.

“Starting with Alex our first round is on Television, 3 minutes on the clock please.”

Alex puffed out her cheeks, this was it. Steadying her breathing she readied herself, this time she wasn’t going to panic like the last show.

“Alex, Which British comedian played Gareth Blackstock in the TV show Chef”

“Lenny Henry!” She almost erupted in joy; she knew the answer to the first question.

“Correct, Amanda Which is the longest running UK soap opera?”

“EastEnders” Another sigh of relief, this time from the blonde. The first question was always the hardest and getting it right really helped their confidence going forward.

“Correct, Claudia the show The Voice had which knighted personality as a member of its judging panel”

“Tom Jones”

“Correct, Katy, Who wrote the acclaimed series Only Fools and Horses?”

“Uh…” No, this couldn’t be happening again could it?

Katy’s face burned red as she fumbled for an answer, she could feel the other contestants’ eyes burning into her. What was she going to do, she had to say something. “Matt groening?”

“Incorrect, it was John Sullivan.”

Katy quickly looked at the floor, focusing on a single point of the stage trying to ignore the burning sensation from her cheeks. After 4 questions they were back at square one and it was all because of her, why didn’t she bank.

“Olivia, Where was the TV show Narco’s filmed?”

“Colombia”

“Correct, Scarlet who won 2.4 million dollars on American show Jeopardy in 2004”

“umm…..oh, it was Ken Jennings” She answered, rocking on her feet and bouncing on the balls of her feet happily as somehow she pulled the answer out of the back of her mind.

“Correct. First round completed we are back to Alex. Who was the president in the show the West Wing?”

“President Bartlett”

“We were looking for both names but I’ll let you have that one. Amanda who played the lead male role in Night rider?”

“David Hasselhoff”

“Correct, Claudia which composer is responsible for the current ABC news intro”

Composers, wasn’t this supposed to be on television…dam it. The seconds were passing by, she just had to name a composer. “Hans Zimmer”

“Correct” Claudia couldn’t help but raise her eyebrows in surprise, taking a moment to quickly look either way in disbelief. Despite that short moment of relief she realised that no one had banked yet, a thought that made her nervous to say the least.

“Katy, in what town do the Simpsons live?”

Really, that was her next question. “Springfield”

“Correct, Olivia who are Blossom, Buttercup and Bubbles?”

“I...The Powerpuff girls?” Olivia said, slightly bemused by the variety of questions in this round.

Oh wait…..or were they Blue peter pets? She looked to the host.

“Correct, Scarlet”

“Bank” The tension that was previously filling the air suddenly abating as they put some money on the board.

It turned out the slight relief was well founded, quickly the nerves and cobwebs seemed to disappear as each of them scored a perfect round from then on. The questions were not easy and covered a wide array of television from the last 30 years, but each of them slowly fell into the groove of it. Their confidence returning and the money flowing in over the next 2 minutes. It had been a slow start but a fast finish gave their total a much needed boost.

“Congratulations ladies, seems like you have all gotten back into the swing of things. Not the biggest first round we have seen on this show but still a respectable total of £1,800.”

They each took a moment to smile, they all knew what was coming but this time they were ready for it. For just this moment they could just enjoy the success and try to remember what the feeling of an empty bladder was like.

“The opening round’s strongest link was Scarlet who banked the most, while Katy you are the weakest link. Is history set to repeat itself?” The host announced to the audience.

Katy’s face burned with a mixture of embarrassment but also determination, she was not to let the same fate befall her this time around. She had trained hard for this, but even if she reached her breaking point she would not give in. Her right hand formed a fist that she pressed into the podium as she started at the host. Even as the pumps activated for the first time she didn’t blink, the once familiar sensation of her bladder being filled by the catheter began.

Her gaze never wavered from the host who she could swear was hiding a shrewed smile as they locked eyes. Katy's determination was blocking out all other sensations, even as her bladder was pumped full with an alien feeling but to her it meant nothing. They would not break her this time, physically or mentally! No matter how many rounds she lost she would keep on playing. 900ml of water was swiftly pumped into her body and the device inside her finally stopped, blinking for the first time since it started Katy could feel the new mass of water inside her.

The others seemed to have forgotten what it felt like despite having gone through it all before, the feeling of being internally pumped full of water was not a feeling they could ever get used too. Only Olivia and Scarlet seemed unaffected, Scarlet because she had remained empty but Olivia had gotten so use to holding and holding for fun, that this was nothing compared to what she and Tara had put her body through.

The lights refocused on the host as Katy finally broke her stare.

“So we are onto round 2 and this time, its all about Celebrities.”

“Starting with Amanda Which of the Spice Girls was the first to be married?”

“Posh”

“Incorrect, it was Mel B”...

Despite their confidence returning to them, the second round was one of the worst they had in either of the contests. A number of early incorrect answers lead many to bank early, meaning that they couldn’t get a string of answers together to reach the high totals. It appeared that very few of the contestants were that up on their celebrity knowledge. Although many questions were obscure to say the least and Claudia was starting to put two and two together in her mind. From her brief look into the minds of TV execs and competitions that she had yesterday, she was sure the questions had gotten harder. Ordinarily there wouldn’t be too much on the line for the channel runners, but with a record prize pool up for grabs it looked like they were starting to play dirty.

“So with that round you banked just £1,660” A reasonable amount considering everything.

“The Strongest link that round was Katy, while the weakest with only one right answer was Amanda”

A wry smile crept across Katy’s face, she wasn’t going to go out that easily, not this time.

Round 2 had been her's and being the strongest link was yet more proof of how the world had conspired against her last time. There was no time for her to show her knowledge, being the weakest several times early on before succumbing to her need. She rested a hand on her hip, enjoying the satisfaction of her victory.

The pumps activated again, with only Amanda noticing any discernible difference. The others faced less than a single cup of water and while the sensation was still strange, none of them were in any real danger yet. Most of this rounds winnings were currently being pumped into Amanda and she was feeling her body react, she was being filled slowly due to the relatively low amount but she was defiantly starting to feel it down there. Taking a deep breath as the pump continued, she needed to centre herself, she had taken care of everything before the game. Amanda was a sure in for victory, her body just needed to come to terms with it all.

Thankfully, after a few moments she was able to calm her body and somewhat relax given her current circumstance, the worry left her although she could still feel butterflies in her stomach. The pump quickly finished and she pressed her knees together for the slightest reassurance that all was ok, hoping the others wouldn't take it as a sign of weakness. She had to keep up appearances, she was confident of her victory, she just had to make her body show that to everyone else.

“Round 3 will be on Geography, if the contestants are ready lets begin”

“Claudia, starting with you what is the largest lake in Africa?”

"Lake Victoria"

“Correct, Olivia which is the largest island in the world?”

“Greenland”

“Correct, Scarlet. Which country’s capital is Ulaanbataar?”

“Mongolia!” she could have laughed, what were the chances?

Her trivia games with the family were already paying off. She hadn’t expected it to be so specific but she wasn’t complaining. Anything that gave her an edge was a positive in her book. She took a moment to watch the others answer their questions.

Alex had won the last time and she seemed to be doing a good job again this time. Although, unlike a lot of the others there didn’t seem to be much fire behind her eyes.. Amanda was perhaps the most confident looking of them, which was odd considering she came 4th last time, but Scarlet did have to admit that at the time Amanda had put her body through its paces. The sheer willpower she had to out hold them, even when her body was racked in pain, sweating and trembling Amanda had held on. Katy seemed to be sharing in her determination this round, Scarlet couldn’t help but feel for the young girl who had come last in the previous game. From the looks she was giving the host, she looked like she was trying to burn the place down and that probably meant she would be giving them all a run for their money. But considering Scarlet had out-held her last time, she wasn’t to worried.

Claudia and Olivia were harder to read, they seemed quietly confident and were not making a show of it. Both had made it to the final 3 last time and Scarlet was sure she would be fighting them for a while to come. However, as she looked on she was surprised to see Olivia drop the ball, she had banked before hand but got her question wrong. Thinking back to the last show for a moment Scarlet realised that last time, Olivia had done well but she wasn’t the smartest of the group. So if it came down to the two of them in the final, scarlet was starting to think she might have a good chance of winning. But for now, Scarlet had to refocus on getting her own questions right.

A few minutes later the round was over and the lights came up again. There had been a couple of incorrect questions but for the most part it felt like their best round yet.

“That brings round 3 to an end, with a total of £2,340 banked. Claudia, you banked the most and with no wrong answers you are the strongest link. Olivia, you banked well but your wrong answer means you are the weakest link for round 3”

Olivia felt her pump activate, this time with a much higher pressure. She had done well in the first two rounds, not enough to be the strongest link, but well enough to avoid being the weakest like she was now. Putting her hands to her abdomen she could feel it growing as the water poured into her bladder. In a strange way she had missed this, the intensity of the sudden desperation as her body failed to understand what was going on inside it. She was all to aware of it, finally feeling the heavy weight and intense pressure she had been expecting. She closed her eyes, looking to the rest of the world that she was concentrating on not wetting herself as more than a litre rushed into her. But that wasn’t what she was focusing on, instead she was revelling the tightness of her muscles, the downward pressure and the sudden tightness of her dress.

Opening her eyes again she could see her bladder starting to stick out of her, a small lump protruding from her flat stomach and pressing against the tight leather dress. The last time they did this a litre would have sent spasm after spasm through her bladder and body, but this time while uncomfortable it was nowhere near as bad. Her training had clearly worked and helped raise her holding capacity significantly. Placing her hand on her bladder as the pump finished, she pressed it to test its fullness. She couldn’t help but breath in sharply as she did, her bladder felt like it would be able to hold much more, but at the same time the sudden influx of liquid meant it was still trying to stretch to accommodate it. The extra pressure of her hand so soon after it started stretching for the first time created a short stabbing pain inside her, she would have to be careful not to do that again.

The lights rotated around again, pulling the contestants back to the room.

“Time for round 4 and the category this time is food and drink”

A smile went around the group of ladies, last time they had a round on this topic they had done very well.

3 minutes later that confidence in their abilities on this topic was proven to be well founded, they managed a flawless round with no incorrect answers. There had been a couple of pauses as they considered some of the more difficult answers, but as they stood at their podiums they all seemed to be beaming with pride. Viewers could be forgiven for forgetting that this was a competition between them all, as any animosity between them seemed to have disappeared now they were doing well, but it was still early.

“Congratulations you have outdone yourself, with no wrong answers you have banked yourself an impressive £2,800” The host said, a wicked smile across her face as she new what was coming next.

“But unfortunately, that may end up costing one of you, and i'm afraid…. Amanda you were the weakest link last round with no banks. Claudia for the second round in a row you are the strongest link”

The two women were showing almost opposite emotions, the smile only growing on Claudia’s face as she kept up her impressive run of form. She had made it to third place last time, but just didn’t have the seer capacity to compete with Olivia and Alex. But this time, she was doing well again with the questions and her capacity was much greater than it was last time. Her confidence was only growing as she watched the other women squirm slightly as their pumps activated.

Amanda was still confident in her plan, the drugs would work and she would come away the winner. There was no way anyone could compete naturally with her “condition”. Despite this as her pump activated and she had to double over in discomfort as her body was filled, her blue leggings thankfully moving out the way of her expanding bladder. She scrunched her eyes tightly closed shut as the audience watched with interest. They knew this much water in such a short space of time would surely spell the end for the woman clutching her podium.

But as the seconds passed she remained dry and didn't appear that desperate outwardly. Amanda was refusing to cross her legs, it was only round 4 she couldn’t show any signs of weakness or the others would get more confidence in themselves. Her breathing became heavy but controlled as she slowly breathed in her mouth and out her nose. Each inhale feeling like it was responsible for her growing body, as each breath seemed to coincide with her stretching abdomen.

At the 20 second mark she could feel her muscles starting to spasm internally, there was no pain and the discomfort was still mild, but she could feel the unmistakable signs of a bladder protesting its current explosive situation. Finally, the pump ended its torment as Amanda’s hands still tightly gripped the podium, but her legs had remained uncrossed. She opened her eyes, black spots filling her vision from how tightly she had closed them, her face a deep shade of red as it had flushed with exertion. But she had done it, she now held more within her than she had managed to contain last time. She placed a hand on her bulging bladder, feeling the tightness of her leggings against her skin. The drugs were doing their job, now she just had to do hers.

Current bladder totals:

Alex: 1,076 ml

Olivia: 1,953 ml

Claudia: 433 ml

Amanda: 2,748 ml

Scarlet: 851 ml

Katy: 1,543 ml

....

Hope you enjoyed this chapter!

Hopefully it didn't come across as too rushed, but from here on out it should be a little more like the earlier contest as their desperation mounts. I just didnt want to draw it out too much by turning this into two separate and longer chapters.

