The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 3

Author: Markj9494

*052*2020-03-09 18:41

Chapter 17: A desperate two step.

Amanda was starting to feel the mass of liquid within her, clutching herself momentarily she was concerned with how bloated she felt. Her tight light-coloured leggings stretching with her bladder. But by her own experiences she didn’t remember feeling this full with such a small amount of water. Maybe it was because it was filling her unnaturally, did that make it worse? It was the only variable she hadn’t accounted for in her testing, but there wasn’t anything she could do now.

“And we are on to round 5, Science” the host announced to the contestants and cameras alike.

At least that was something to make Amanda feel better, if she could win this round it would give her body some time to adjust to the last round's water intake. Maybe that was it, it was at least a possible explanation of the intense discomfort she was feeling in her abdomen. The intensity of her desperation might be linked to the intensity of growth within her. If she could buy herself some time with this round it might help her in the long run, going off the last time they had this round it shouldn't be too much trouble to win this round.

Thankfully for Amanda that proved to be true and she won the round no problem. With no wrong answers and a maximum bank of £1,000 she was the strongest link. Although the others had all done well too, but other than herself and Alex they all had one wrong answer to their name so would have to wait to see who had banked the least. The three minutes had sped by and now as they watched the lights move around the host it seemed to take an age for her to reveal the winners and losers of the round.

“With an impressive round of quick answers Amanda, you are the strongest link this round, while Olivia im afraid you are the weakest link again.”

They had managed to get an OK amount this round of £1,760, not their highest total and having scored a few £2,000+ rounds this seemed like somewhat of a failure. But as the pumps activated, it felt more than enough to Olivia as the best part of another litre joined the contents of her stretching bladder. She was emotionally torn by a constant state of hating and enjoying the sensation currently erupting in her bladder. It wasn’t too bad now, but as she looked around she knew she would have to slow her intake if she wanted to win. Olivia knew she was capable of holding more than anyone here, but being the weakest link early not only made her fuller quicker, but also limited the intake of the others.

All 6 of them had made it further than they had in the last contest and that meant the totals were still being split evenly between 4 of them. If she wasn’t careful, they would keep getting small amounts while she ballooned out completely. Even now she could feel her dress becoming tighter by the second, but thankfully the fabric still moved easily and wasn’t constricting her growing body too much. She pinched the leather fabric away from her to test its ability to stretch further, watching it flex she was sure she still had plenty of time before it added more pressure than she might be able to handle.

Around her the other contestants were starting to feel the effects of the water as well, even Claudia who Olivia considered to be in the best position seemed to be pressing her hands lightly into the crotch of her grey leggings. A sight that surprised her, given Claudia's strong showing in the last match.

“Round 6 will be include questions on the sporting category, so lets see if anyone can beat out Scarlet this time round”

The lights came down and refocused on the 6 increasingly desperate women standing on their podiums, although most signs at this point were a lot more mild than they were at the end of the last contest.

The round started focusing on a smiling Scarlet, it was her time to shine and she needed to maximise it.

“3 minutes on the clock lets begin”

“Scarlet, which American won 3 gold medals playing volleyball?”

“Karch Kiraly” an obscure question to start that made Scarlet worried if the others got some like this, they might not get much from this round.

“Correct, Alex which basketball team have famously appeared in many television shows including Scoobydoo and Saturday Night live?”

“Harlem globetrotters”

“Correct. Amanda who did Muhammad Ali beat to win the world title in 1964?”

“Sonny Liston”

“Correct. Claudia, In which country are the headquarters of UEFA?”

“Switzerland”

“Correct” So far so good thought Scarlet, she would need to make sure to bank if it made its way around the her again. It wouldn’t be the max but since everyone was doing so well she needed to put herself ahead with some banking.

“Katy, Which sport is the most watched in America?

“American football?” I mean its in the name

“Correct. Olivia Which football team are known as the Cherries?”

“Bournemouth”

“Correct, Scarlet”

“Bank” Scarlet had done it, a full round. Even though they were just 2 questions off the maximum she had to risk it to be the strongest link. In her mind the total of what they had already achieved was more than enough for her. So given that, she just needed to play to win, even if it would cost them a little bit of money.

“Scarlet. What country was Tennis created?”

Was it England, or Scotland…. “United Kingdom” it was a sneaky play from her, but it was better than risking losing it if she was wrong.

“Correct, Alex, Who is Australia’s record rugby union try scorer”

Wait, this had been a question at one of the stupid pub quizzes her and her friends had gone to while on holiday. “David Campese” How on earth she had remembered that given the state they were in at the time was beyond her. Maybe she would have done better in school is she had a few drinks while revising...on second thought that probably wouldn't have helped.

“Correct” Scarlet nodded in approval, shocked by the young woman’s knowledge so far. She would have to keep an eye on her if any other sporting questions came up.

“Amanda, What name is given to the spear like object thrown at the Olympics?”

“Javelin”

“Correct, Claudia what colour ball is worth 1 point in the game of snooker?”

“Red”

“Correct. Katy, Which course hosts the Scottish Grand National?”

Damit, Katy had no interest in sports and hadn’t really brushed up on them. In her mind it was an educated risk, she was never going to win against Scarlet so she just accepted that and focused on other things. She had been expecting to be at risk of being the weakest link, but she had not planned on being the weakest in 2 other rounds already.

Katy took a deep breath “Pass”

Despite this misstep from Katy, the rest of the round went well for the six women. Scarlet banked again and ensured her spot at the top which also meant on the third go around she could let the play continue and gain the maximum amount for the first time. The smile that had appeared on her face at the start of the round didn’t disappear the entire time as she enjoyed being in the top position for once. She was almost beaming as she got her questions correct and could feel herself moving one step closer towards winning the prize.

“Congratulations Scarlet, you are again the strongest link of the sports round, while i'm afraid Katy you are the weakest link with one wrong answer and no banking.”

Katy had been hoping that someone else would slip towards the end, but it seemed they had all be training hard in the break. Although having realised this would probably happen before the game started, she wasn’t to worried, she could take this loss.

Her pump activated again, with half the £2,370 total pushing its way into her bladder. Katy was now holding more than she did in the entire last game and it was starting to get painful for the slim woman. Her bladder visibly pressing out of her skin and against her heavily elasticated leggings. They had some more room to move but they were far tighter than she ever remembered them being, as more than a litre bloated her already full abdomen.

Still she refused to give the show the satisfaction of showing just how uncomfortable she was becoming. She would show no sign of weakness, she could take this, her body could take any…. A powerful contraction of her bladder caused her to bend over, grunting as she clenched her teeth and fought the wave of pain. Breathing heavily through her nose she was now fighting wave after wave of pressure from inside her. The pump still filling her bladder even as she tried to regain control of her spasming muscles. Katy could feel her defences weakening. She had been trying not to hold herself but a particularly strong spasm saw her hands fly to her crotch and she felt the slightest damp patch on her leggings as she fought her body for control. Thankfully the pump stopped and the pulses from her bladder slowed.

Maybe it was just sweat, that had to be it she tried to convince herself. The room was quite warm and Katy could feel herself sweating slightly. She hadn’t felt the release of anything from her bladder so it couldn’t be pee. She was still in control, for now….

“We now move onto round 7 and the chosen topic is Music”

Alex perked up at that, until now she had been somewhat of a minor player in the game. Of the 6 previous rounds she had neither been strongest or weakest link, despite her best efforts. It really seemed like the others had upped their knowledge, something she regretted not doing a bit sooner if she was being honest.

Alex could feel her bladder starting to get full, but it was nothing compared to what Olivia and Katy had been taking in this far. She had been eyeing up Olivia for a while now, happy to see her starting to make some signs of desperation. Olivia had to be her strongest rival, so if she wanted to win this again she was the one to beat. Last time Olivia had amazed Alex last with just how much she could hold and how well she held it until her muscles failed her moments before her own. But that had to be down to the drug mistakes, surely, she couldn’t repeat that performance?

Either way, Alex had a distinct advantage over her at the moment and she wasn’t going to let It slide if she could help it.

Just as with the sports round, there were not major surprises with Alex winning handily, although the training for the others had paid off again with an impressive total of £2,700. Unfortunately, this success had an unforeseen effect for one of the ladies. With no wrong answers and a high confidence level no one banked early, meaning that it was said only 5 times in the round. The last 2 being for just £20 had added a tiny amount to the prize pool, but that was all it took to stop them being the weakest link in an otherwise perfect round. From strongest to weakest, the unfortunate loser of this tight contest was Scarlet.

The pressure that her pump turned on with was enough to make Scarlet yelp in surprise having never felt anything like it. Her hands shot to her crotch as an ocean of water was forced into her bladder with reckless abandon. The pressure was immense, tears forming in the corners of her eyes as she tried to comprehend what was going on. Doubling over even further Scarlet wrapped her arms around her expanding bladder that was bulging out more and more, she felt like she was going to explode. There was no way her body to could cope with this for long, her skin tightening and ripples of pain shooting across her abdomen as it ballooned out of her. Scarlet just couldn’t handle the sudden weight of her bladder, stumbling as a haze filled her sight, she fell to her knees still clutching herself tightly.

Gasps and short chokes escaped Scarlet as she failed to control her breathing, her vision blurring as her mind was flooded with impulses from her bladder and mildly deprived of oxygen as her bladder seemed to force all the air out of her body. Six weeks ago this amount of water in one go would have split her in two, although she wasn’t sure that wasn’t about to happen now. The spikes of pain increasing in urgency and frequency as the pump still filled her, past her normal capacity and into the unknown. The despair of the pain from her bladder adding to the despair of having let her lead slip. She had been doing well but now she was in real danger or losing it right now as the thirty seconds passed. The pump finally finished torturing her, but still she stayed crouched almost sobbing as her body trembled.

The other contestants watched on as Scarlet's abdomen suddenly stretched as if a force was trying to push it out of her from the other side. The display of anguish bringing back the real memories from the last round, each of them had gone through the same thing and this was a painful reminder of what was to come. They recognised the agonised look and posture of someone demanding far too much out of their bladder.

But as the seconds continued to pass they were amazed to see Scarlet was still dry. Her bladder bulging out and the once artistic knot of a fabric belt pulled unforgiving tight against her. Despite everyone’s expectations she slowly stood on shaking legs and with unconvincing confidence, she regained a semblance of her previous composure. Everyone knew she was nearing the end, one more like that and she would be done for. Looking at her posture there was just no way she could last that much longer, her only chance was to win the next few rounds and hope the others broke soon. Her legs pressed tightly together and constantly vibrating against each other as she tried to keep her clothes dry

Scarlet was clearly in trouble, but as round 8 started she seemed to find a second wind, albeit more of a gentle breeze than a gust. Her bladder still ached terribly and her muscles were straining to keep it contained, but the mind bending discomfort of the previous 30 seconds had quickly disappeared. Her thoughts went back to the accident she had at the cinema last week, Scarlet knew her body could hold more than this but at the same time she had been leaking for almost half an hour before the dam broke in the car She would have to be more in control this time, any big or clearly visible leak would get her disqualified.

The Host began the round with Claudia and that gave Scarlet a couple of much needed extra moments before her questions.

Round 8 went by slowly for all those involved, the topic of politics not allowing a repeat of the last few successful rounds. The two strong players were Olivia and Claudia, with the others still enabling them to reach a reasonable total of £2,160. It wasn’t a bad total but compared to some of the others it wasn’t the best they had ever done. This seemed to be a worrying trend that was happening, for every amazing round they had they seemed to have several less successful ones. Although if they were winning £3,000 a round they would probably all have wet themselves by now.

“The strongest link for the first time was Olivia, while im sorry to say not for the first time, the weakest link was Katy.”

Olivia let out a pained sigh, she could finally take a break and hope that the fluids would start to level out amongst the others. Looking at the group again she could tell that even the small amount was having an impact on Scarlet. Her competitor once again was doubled over, hands between her legs as she fought off the demands of her bladder. Olivia had been surprised to see her stand up again after the last round where she had almost exploded on the spot from the looks of things. Maybe she would put up a bit more of a fight than last time. Although even then the control of the only one of them to have given birth had impressed her.

A loud grunt turned her attention to Katy, who was also impressing Olivia. She had to be almost double the amount she had lost with last time. Her face was flushed red and the bulge coming out of her abdomen displayed the extent of the issue for the young woman. Sweat was clearly forming on Katy's face, drops falling from her nose as it shined in the lights of the studio. She had to be near capacity Olivia reckoned, if she had received none of the drugs last time then it had been an unfair measure at what was it, like 2 litres.

If they did work as advertised that would mean that Katy had a capacity of what 4 Litres she guessed. How many times had she been the weakest link now, 3 or was it 4? Either way Olivia could tell she was really struggling to physically contain herself as she watched Katy get pumped fuller and fuller of water. Yet somehow she was managing to not display to many signs of desperation, it was obvious her body was under tremendous strain and yet she refused to hold herself or even cross her legs.

To Katy's left Claudia seemed to be uncomfortable too, but she didn’t seem anywhere near as desperate. Had she even been a weakest link yet? Olivia had been trying to keep track of everything but it was harder than it seemed when there is a device inside you repeatedly filling your bladder. The black haired woman was trying to look casual, but the gentle resting of her left hand against the inside of her thigh, was a clear sign of her discomfort to the now trained eyes of Olivia. Now her eyes fell onto Amanda, next to Scarlet she seemed to be the worst off. Her face was red and bladder was clearly bloated, sticking a fair distance out of her stomach. Its contents causing her to gently bounce on the spot, shifting from one foot to the other, the moments when her legs touched lingering slightly longer than they usually would have and clearly displaying how desperate she was.

Amanda had lost a couple of big rounds so Olivia wasn’t too surprised to see how desperate she was, especially given her last showing. But she had seemed so confident at the start and still seemed to be trying to put on a good show. But was it a show for them, or herself. Olivia watched almost mesmerised by the rhythmic movements of her legs, to the left, to the right and back to the left like she was dancing with an invisible partner. Amanda's face was a picture of concentration, but as Olivia watched on the pumps stopped and she opened her eyes causing Olivia to look away.

She caught the eyes of the last person, her true rival, Alex. Alex was doing well again, no weakest links yet and Olivia was sure they were in for a rematch for the record books. She couldn’t help but smile at the thought of it, realising she was in the perfect position to push her bladder and Alex’s bladder even further than they had last time. Now Olivia was really looking forward to the end of this contest, how far would she need to go to win, how much could the two rivals bladders really take she wondered.

Bladders after round 8

Alex: 2,201 ml

Olivia: 3,405 ml

Claudia: 1,558 ml

Amanda: 3,653* ml

Scarlet: 2,504 ml

Katy: 4,553 ml

###

Meanwhile, somewhere across the city.

A television set glowed in the dim light of bedroom, the curtains closed and lights off. A figure stirred opposite it, their eyes glued on the television set and a wide smile across their face.

“That’s right, its almost over for you” the figure spoke ominously. A foreboding atmosphere filled the room as they watched and waited for the downfall of the women writhing in front of them. The end was near, at least for one of them.

The gloom was suddenly penetrated by a shaft of light as someone opened the door to the mysterious person room.

“Hey, Angelica do you want anything from the shops” asked a short blonde haired woman.

“No i'm good” came the response from the black haired student, sat still in her Pyjama’s and watching the live broadcast of the weakest link.

The door closed and the petite girl went back to staring intently at the television, the smile returning as she watched her teacher desperately dance on the screen.

“Cheats never prosper” she whispered to herself while sipping from a large bottle of Cola.

She couldn’t help but look to her bedside table, a table that contained the remnants of her revenge for the teacher that had cost Angelica her dignity at college. It had taken some investigation and quite a bit of money but it had been worth it. She had never heard of Omazium before, but after reading its description she was sure it was the perfect ingredient. A potent diuretic with a warning for causing an inability to void properly after intake, she had remembered reading about Antimuscarinic effects at college and knew it was the perfect combination.

She had assumed Amanda would drink it during the day at college, hoping to see its affects first hand, but this was even better. Although even she wasn’t aware of just how well it was working. After seeing Amanda’s set up she had used the whole batch which was more than enough for 2 doses, expecting her teacher to drink one on each day. Now, not only had Amanda doubled her dosage but also the amount liquid she had drunk to do so, plus an extra coffee Olivia she all but sealed her fate. Unless the combination of other drugs could help her fight it, but she was sure that Amanda would be getting increasingly desperate even if she won, Angelica would enjoy watching her struggle.

The clearly desperate woman on the screen crossed her legs again, this time with a hand forced between them. It was clearly kicking in now, she didn’t know how much it was adding to her substantially bloated bladder but she was sure by the look on Amanda's face that it was a lot.

Angelica couldn’t help but wonder what was going through her mind at the moment, was she still confident her drug cocktail would let her win or was she starting to realise something was wrong. Either way, Angelica was enjoying watching her revenge unfold, any moment now and her bladder would burst and she would know the humiliation that she had caused Angelica.

....

Thanks for continuing to read this story guys!

I hope you are all enjoying it as the desperation ramps up.

*054*2020-03-12 20:27

{{1 hour ago, Dtravis said:

I still really enjoy this novel, thank you! One thing I would mention, no offence, but there're some inconsistencies with characters and events. Just as a simple example, in the first chapter you introduced Katy as curvy:

- it was confirmed that she has some decent curves/shapes in the chapter of her training:

- and then in the latest chapter, she is suddenly a slim woman:

}}

Yeah thats my bad, sorry for any confusion. I'll try and be more careful.

But always feel free to bring up anything like this, if people are not sure of something its probably because i've not written it carefully enough. So bringing it up helps me explain it better in a post or makes me be more clear on things in the future! Like I said at the beginning this is the first thing i've written so its a good learning experience.

Glad you are still enjoying it though!

*057*2020-03-14 20:39

Chapter 18: Turing test (long chapter)

As the cameras focused on each of the ladies during the short breaks between rounds, it was now clear to everyone watching that each of them was feeling the affect of the water now. While some were still maintaining their composure at some level, others were clearly clutching themselves or dancing in desperation. But the host wasn't going to give them more than a few second to compose themselves.

“So we are on to round 9 with all of our contestants still playing. The category for this round is general knowledge”

There was a small pause as the host looked ahead of herself, it was just for a few seconds but it caught the contestants off guard.

Normally, there were no pauses at all as they moved from one round to the other, continually pumped full of water. Only Claudia recognised the face of someone receiving instructions or information via an ear piece. It was a skill you had to work on as to not be so obvious, and it seemed as though Anne was not that well practised. After just a few moments the host looked composed again and the lights came down onto the contestants yet again, quite what she was being told was still a mystery for Claudia.

“Starting with Claudia, how many bones do Baby’s have?”

“300” A strangely uniform number that was easy to remember.

“Correct. Katy, The name given to animals that only eat plants and grasses is what?”

“Herbivore”

“Correct. Olivia, in what country did Snooker originate?”

“India” . The question made her think back to watching Tara play pool while desperate to pee, if only she had known at the time how that night would end. Olivia tried to look through the glare of the lights and into the crowd, but she couldn’t make anyone out. She wondered how her girlfriend was doing up in the stands, she was sure that Tara would be enjoying the show.

“Correct. Scarlet, when did NBA players first play in the Olympics?”

“1992”

“Correct. Alex, how many black keys are there on a piano?”

“Thirrrty Six” her confidence faltered as she answered quickly”

“Correct. Amanda. What is a golf ball made of?”

“Rubber”

“Correct Claudia. Which movie was the first to be known as a block buster?”

“Jaws”

“Correct. Katy, Who sang My heart will go on?”

“Celine Dion”

“Correct. Olivia, which brothers invented the aeroplane”

“Wright..Brothers”

“Correct”

“Bank”

“Scarlet, who discovered Australia?”

“James cook”

“Correct. Alex, Who was the first US president?”

“George Washington”

“Correct. Amanda what is the value of the Roman numeral X?”

“10”

“Correct. Claudia, Devils triangle is another name of what?”

“Bermuda triangle”

“Correct. Katy, What Character did Linda Hamilton play in the Terminator films?”

“Sarah Connor”

“Correct. Olivia, which was the only non-album song released by Led Zeplin?”

“What can I do”

“Correct. Scarlet, who wrote Charlie and the chocolate factory?”

“Roald Dhal” an easy answer. It was Teddy's favourite book for her to read to him at bed time. Although she was fairly sure the morals of the story about not being greedy or ill tempered were lost on him. He just wanted to hear about the amazing sweets and crazy machines.

“Correct. Alex, what other name is given to the state of Texas?”

“Lone star state”

“Correct. Amanda what is the Earths diameter in km?”

“12,700”

“Correct, Claudia”

“Bank” Claudia had been counting and desperately hoping that Amanda wouldn’t bank. Thankfully her opponent hadn’t and that had given her the chance too. Hopefully that would stop her being the weakest link this round, she was really starting to feel the effects of the liquid inside her. But unlike the last match and any of her previous holds, she could feel her muscles already weakening. The pressure inside her only increasing despite the fact she wasn’t currently being forced full of water. Her attention was brought back to the present by the host calling her name again.

“Claudia, what year did Hurricane Katrina devastate America”

She hadn’t been on TV then, but she had still followed the news of it closely. “2005”

“Correct, Katy what year was Microsoft formed?”

“1975” There was almost an amazed look from the host. She clearly hadn’t expected the young woman to know the answer, and she wasn’t the only one. But Katy enjoyed the satisfaction of the moment, her bladder still ached softly inside her, but she could feel the tides turning as her body adjusted to her demands. She was back in the game, although she should have banked, she hadn’t yet and they were about half way through.

“Correct, Olivia. Which city is known as the city of love?”

“Paris”

“Correct. Scarlet, which pair created Tom and Jerry?”

“Hanna and Barbera”

“Correct. Alex, who is the patron saint of Ireland?”

“St. Patrick”

“Correct, Amanda which country invented paper?”

“China” along with most other things.

“Correct. Claudia, who is the co-founder of the Fox network?”

“Rupert Murdoch”

“Correct”

“Bank” Katy wasn’t going to risk it again. If she got this right the others might be annoyed that she had cut them off, but she had to look after herself. While she felt confident in her abilities of self control again, she knew that being the weakest link might ruin that, especially this round. They were doing well, really well. By her estimates they had to be at around £3,000 and that meant one thing, a lot of water for the weakest link, and the round wasn’t even over.

“Katy, what state is Times Square found in?”

“New York”

“Correct. Olivia, which is the deepest ocean?”

“Pacific”

“Correct, Scarlet. Which country first legalised gay marriage?”

“Canada”

“Correct, Alex”

“Bank” Alex had watched Katy bank and knew no one wanted to be the weakest link this round, they were all slowly coming to the realisation that this was going to be one of, if not the biggest round they ever had. They were blowing through these questions at an amazing pace with barley a moment wasted, even the host seemed to be speeding up with them.

“Alex, What colour absorbs the most light?”

“Black”

“Correct, Amanda heavy water is another name for what?”

“Deuterium”

“Correct. Claudia what does NASA sta….?”

“National Aeronautics Space Administration”

“Correct. Katy, which planet is closest to the sun?”

What was that rhyme again My Very...oh “Mercury”

“Correct, Olivia”

“Bank” she had cut it close, not banking in the previous question was a risk. But it seemed that everyone was once again playing for themselves, possibly in fear of this round ending up in them. At this point, she was sure it would be a bladder breaking amount for most of them. Maybe only herself and Alex could manage it given the last contest. It would defiantly be interesting to see who got it and by her estimates, if she banked again it would likely be Alex. Just the thing she needed to regain the edge over her rival who was still looking quite comfortable.

“Olivia, what is a peninsula?”

“Uh...An area of land surrounded by water but attached to another larger land mass?” she wasn’t sure of that as an answer, what were they looking for. It was such an odd question and if she got that wrong, she could have just undone all her hard work.

“Correct, Scarlet what element is the symbol Fe on the…”

“iron”

“Correct, Alex how many stars are on the Australian flag?”

“5”

“Correct Amanda”

“Bank”

“When was Titanic released?”

“1997”

“Correct, Claudia, in which city was Martin Luther King assassinated?”

“Memphis”

“Correct, Katy. Which animal is the symbol of the WWF?”

“Giant Panda”

“Correct, Olivia, who did Merlin advise in ….?”

“King Arthur”

“Bank” Scarlet's face burned slightly, that was a bit to soon. Although the host didn't say anything about it thankfully.

“Correct Scarlet, El clasico is a match between whi…?”

“Barcelona and Real Madrid”

“Correct, Alex The statue of liberty was originally owned by which country?”

“France”

“Correct”

“Bank”

“Amanda Which African country was formerly known as Abyssinia?”

“Ethiopia”

“Correct. Claudia, what is a baby Kangaroo called”

“A joey”

“Correct, Katy. When was the Euro introduced?”

“1999”

“Correct, Olivia”

“Bank”

“Olivia, which country became the first in the world to have a female Prime Minister?”

“Sri Lanka”

“Correct. Scarlet, what is the maximum time a player can look for a ball in golf?”

“5 minutes”

“Correct”

“Bank”

“Alex, On which ship did Charles Darwin make his famous expedition, which led to his theory of evolution?”

“The beagle”

Finally the buzzer went on what was an amazing round for them. No wrong answers and lots of banking.

"Correct"

“Congratulations ladies, what a round! I can now confirm that you have managed to break the all time record for any round total. Together the six of you really showed your skills as you banked a massive £3,500.

A tenseness filled the air once again as the ladies waited to find out who was the strongest but more importantly who was the weakest link.

With such a massive round, this could take any of them to their breaking point, with almost 2 full litres on the line. For some that amount was more than what they were already holding from several rounds, while for others it was almost the same as what they had held before pissing themselves in the last contest. This would really be a turning point in the match for many of them. As soon as one fell as they were sure they would soon follow, with the amount each woman got from the rounds increasing with less of them to share the load.

“I can confirm that it is Scarlet who is the strongest link” A sigh of relief was audible above the silent room. The only other sounds the faint buzz of the studio lights and quiet shuffling of some of the audience. “For one of the first times we have a joint Weakest link, with no wrong answers from any of you and both banking the same amount. Those two are Alex and Amanda."

Olivia’s eyes light up, her estimates were right and this could really help her.

“But im afraid there can only be one weakest link per round, so as the rules state it goes to the person who answered the least questions correctly”

A confused look went around the group, surely that was the same as the most wrong answers, isn’t it?

The host continued “So that means that with one less correct answer, the weakest link is….Amanda”

The realisation hit Amanda about what the host was talking about when she said least correct, Alex had answered one more question that her before the time ran out.

“No please” Amanda whimpered to the host, as she waited for the pump to reactivate. her body was too full, she could feel her skin already stretched and now she was about to be filled with so much more. But her quiet protest fell on deaf ears as her pump switched on inside of her.

Amanda let out a low guttural scream as her already bloated body was rammed full of more water. Almost a mirror image of Scarlet just moments before she sank to her knees, clutching herself with both hands. She pressed her legs as tightly against each other as possible, stooping to sit on the heels of both of her feet. She could feel every fibre of her body expanding as each second passed, more and more water entering her body and pumping it fuller and fuller. Amanda’s eyes were screwed shut, her face instantly flushing red as sweat started to gather on her skin. Her body and mind felt under attack as they sent conflicting signals to each other, overwhelming Amanda totally. She wasn’t sure what to do, she had to stop the feelings going on in her body, she was filled with anxiety as she panicked internally. She couldn’t take this, it had to stop or she felt like she would literally explode, her body just wasn’t capable of holding this much liquid.

Amanda’s hear rate picked up and her breathing became hard and laboured as the blonde woman remained crouched on her podium, each second passing only increasing the despair and pain she was feeling. By the halfway mark her bladder was sending almost constant pulses of pain, radiating around her body, she could feel her bladder spasms all the way from her head to her toes. Short staccato notes escaped her throat between her pained and panting breaths.

The guttural noises and squeaks escaping her increasing in volume as the pressure within Amanda's bladder and body also increased in volume of a different kind. It was too much, her face frowned and scrunched even tighter as she bit her lip to stop from screaming loudly into the room. Her body still convulsing as the pump continued to wreak havoc inside her. Amanda could suddenly taste blood, she was biting her lip hard enough to draw blood, but she didn’t care about her lip, all her focus was on her bladder right now.

After 30 seconds the agony of being pumped full was over and the pain abated slightly, but her bladder now constantly pulsed and shuddered inside her. There was just no way she could move without exploding. Opening her eyes she could see that her abdomen now stretched inches out of her, standing almost a foot out in front of her previously flat stomach. Her bloated organ looking almost alien to her, unable to comprehend the amount of space and distance it was taking up as her body had expanded. Amanda’s light blue leggings were now pulled so taught across her expanded bladder that the blue had given way to an almost white colour, the Lycra being forced apart to accommodate her new body mass. The dark purple of her cotton underwear also clearly visible through the straining fabric.

Moments passed as still she crouched, panting heavily and unable to move. Amanda’s face was now a pale shade of white, going from the bright red of exertion to a colour that made her look physically ill. Was it possible for a body to go into to shock from being so rapidly filled with so much liquid? if it was, Amanda was a prime candidate.Amanda knew she couldn’t handle this, she felt physically sick as she took deep breaths trying not to weep in desperation. She had tried, but she had failed and knew she had to let this out. Holding her breath she tried to loosen her muscles and let her tortured body win, but nothing happened.

Again, she tried to pee but nothing.

Looking around Amanda was suddenly conscious of the staring of the other contestants and audience alike. Each of them waiting to continue the game, their desperation only increasing as they watched her while receiving their own doses.

The tears slowly falling from Amanda bloodshot eyes mixed with the sweat that was now dripping from her body. Her long black shirt saving her from displaying the full extent of her clammy and warm skin. The assault on her bladder and taste of blood had set her body to fight or flight mode and apparently that was making her sweat an alarming amount. Trying to regain control of her breathing she readied herself to stand. Amanda had tried flight so the only other option was to fight. Panting, shaking and clutching her now massive bladder she slowly rose to her feet, an agonised look on her face as each movement sent yet more spasms through her trembling frame.

Somehow Amanda regained her position at the podium, with one hand she gripped it for support while the other was now pressing hard against her crotch. It was strange, the sensations in her body were completely overwhelming and it was hard to pick what was worse, the discomfort of her full bladder or the need to pee. At this point it had all become one and Amanda’s head was swirling, but the adrenaline her body had released thinking it was under attack was starting to fight its way through. A slight beam of light coming through the fog of her desperation. Maybe, just maybe she could do this, not that she wanted to at the moment.

“So we are onto round 10, current events”

Olivia had been focusing on her bladder as it too had grown more inside her dress. The allure of the contest back in full force for the woman who was desperate to test her strength. It seemed the more she was filled, the more she wanted to be, a strange paradox of emotions as the pressure inside her grew. But taking a deep breath she knew that more than filling herself, she wanted to win this, and this was her shot to get a strongest link.

“Starting with Katy and with 3 minutes on the clock lets begin”

“Which country landed the first human-made object on the far side of the Moon?”

“China”

“Correct, Olivia. Who announced he was leaving The National Television Awards after 9 years as host?”

“Dermot O'Leary”

“Correct. Scarlet, Which European country renamed itself, hence ending a decades-old dispute with Greece?”

“Macedonia”

“Correct. Alex, Who did BBC Two viewers vote the most iconic figure of the 20th Century following a series that asked the public to name the century's greatest figure?”

“Uhh…” it was such a vague question….BBC, what do they show. “Sir David Attenborough?”

“Incorrect, it was Alan Turing”.

That one wrong answer was all it took for her to be the weakest link for round 10. The three minutes passed by quickly with no wrong answers despite a series of complicated questions. The other contestants were surprising Alex with their knowledge again, the amount of information they seemed to pull out of thin air was amazing. Or it would have been if she wasn’t competing against them, now it was starting to be worrying. Although as the round had continued, she had realised she was still ok. The pressure from her bladder was nowhere near as extreme as it had been in her duel with Olivia last time. She was also sure she hadn’t been weakest link before this, so she was fairly sure if she could manage to only be the weakest link once in 10 rounds, she was doing something right. Plus, it had only just been her, one more wrong answer and anyone could have been right there with her.

Alex had almost gotten away with it, on the fourth round of questions it appeared that Katy was suffering from a particularly strong pulse from her bladder and had missed the question. Alex had been sure Katy was going to get it wrong as she pressed her athletic yet shapely legs together. Katy wasn’t quite squirming but her discomfort was clear for all to see, fighting a bladder that was now easy to see despite the heavy elastic of her royal blue leggings. However, just as when Alex thought she had an out, after Katy had asked the now smirking host to repeat the question she got it completely right. Much to Alex's dismay.

“At the end of round 10 I can confirm that Olivia you are the strongest link, while for the first time it is Alex that was the Weakest link. In total you manged another substantial round of £2,600”

It only took a few moments for Alex to feel her pump activate and the familiar sensation of it filling her bladder set in. Until now the sensations had been relatively peaceful, but this time the pressure was much higher. It forced her to bend as she felt her bladder start to bulge for the first time that day. Clenching her hands and pressing her thighs together she centred herself, still just about controlling her breathing as her desperation seemed to increase exponentially. An internal mantra of "you can hold more" set in as she repeated it again and again to herself. She knew her limits and this was not it, but that didn’t help stop the protests from her stretching bladder and muscles as they tried to cope with the new amount of liquid.

A loud grunt caught her attention as she saw Amanda clutching herself again and groaning as yet more water was pumped into her. Her fortitude was really something to behold, the desperate woman's breathing ragged once again. Amanda’s bladder was defiantly the largest of any of the women stood there, possibly the largest that Alex had ever seen. Even when thinking back to her and Olivia fighting it out, she wasn’t sure theirs could compete with the heavily pregnant looking bladder that Amanda was somehow containing. No wonder she had been confident at the start.

Amanda felt her pump turn on, this time accompanied by a burning sensation as her bladder was forced even bigger than it currently was. She was in agony and more tears rolled down her cheeks, thankfully the nausea had subsided but with it had come the renewed discomfort and desperation. A pulse forced her to cross her legs, although that seemed to only increase the pressure on her abdomen as her long legs compressed the space between them. Letting out a high pitched squeal her hands instinctively shot to her bladder, trying to protect it from further harm. Even the slightest brushes was sending sparks of pain dancing across her stretched flesh. Her long black top now barely covering her entire body as it was pushed further outwards due to her bloated form.

Despite her hands trying to protect her bladder, for the last 2 minutes Amanda had been trying to relax her muscles and coax the pee out of her. She was desperate for this to be over, the discomfort and pain was just too much. But it was no use, it seemed there was a mental or possibly a chemical barrier stopping her from wetting herself. Was this because of her drug mixture, she had never experienced this level of discomfort or inability to pee before. Had she done something wrong, maybe the show changed the chemical they used and now they were having some inverse reaction. Her mind went into overdrive trying to think of a way out of the situation, but she was drawing a blank.

Amanda wanted to just quit, to run off the stage, but what If she couldn’t pee even in the toilet. What if the crew became curious with her, would they find out what she had done. What would happen if they did, was this illegal? Could they fine her, would she loose her job? She couldn’t let that happen, so she only had one choice, to keep playing.

Beside her, a subtle motion went unnoticed by everyone.

Claudia had been silently battling with her body for control, trying not to give away the scale of the battle going on between her and her muscles. She could feel them quivering inside her as the pump activated. Claudia knew she shouldn’t be having this much trouble already, but her muscles were almost burning in effort. Each time the pump activated she could feel them trembling and threatening to let loose.

Just as her pump finished she had felt it, the smallest of leaks into her grey leggings. How she wished she had picked something that would show it less. Thinking quickly she put one hand into her crotch, giving it a quick press she could feel it was wet. “Fuck” she swore in her head, pressing harder she tried to push the moisture out of her leggings and onto her hand. Removing it quickly she put her now damp hand on her hip, trying to disguise her wiping any liquid on her top as casually as possible. Looking around she was thankful that most people seemed to be watching either Alex or Amanda, she had gotten away with it. But she could feel her muscles starting to struggle, why did those halfwits have to plan that stupid holding contest for the day before this show. If she lost this show because of it, he would have to hope he wasn’t in work the next time she was.

But for now she had to concentrate, the next round was beginning and somehow all 6 of them had made it dry, well almost.

The studio lights shifted again, now shinning off the sweat covered faces of many of the contestants, who were by this point in the contest fighting an increased urge to pee.

“We move onto round 11 which will be on Fashion” The host announced, causing a few looks of an unsure nature to pass between the ladies.

For Scarlet this was a worrying topic, she had very little knowledge on these things. She just hoped she wasn’t the only one and that the others would slip up too. That way, even if she was the weakest link it wouldn’t be too bad. If they had been able to mulligan one topic, it would have been this.

On the other hand this was exactly what Claudia needed, she might not have been the most knowledgeable person on this, but the life of an on-screen personality did mean she had to keep on top of modern fashion trends. Despite the tingling now coming from between her legs as her muscles continued to tire, if she could get a strongest link here it would really help her chances of making it further into the contest. The fact that everyone had made it this far was surprising her, although looking at the writhing mess that was Amanda, and the flushed faces of Katy and Scarlet she thought she was in for a chance at getting third again. Although by her accounts, both Alex and Olivia had to be far fuller than her, so maybe she did have a chance after all.

Unfortunately, Katy had other ideas. Over the next 3 minutes the 19 year old flaunted her knowledge of any and all things fashionable, from answering before the question was finished to elaborate and perfect answers. She was running the show and enjoying it no end. With each question she would lock eyes with the host, their ongoing silent battle for domination only gaining strength as the confidence in her ability to hold and determination not to let the host win increased.

“At the end of round 11, you scored a total of £2,440. Remarkably, Katy you are the strongest link for the second time while im afraid Scarlet you are the weakest link”

Even before the pumps activated Scarlet was breathing rapidly, almost hyperventilating as she waited for the agony that was about to be forced upon her. It wasn’t as much as last time but it was still far more than she wanted. As long as she…

The pumps activated again and she squealed, outstretching an arm she steadied herself on the podium putting her other hand tightly between her legs. Both thighs squeezing together to bolster her defences as her bladder was stretched even further. Thankfully the intense pressure and pain that had accompanied the earlier incident were somewhat lessened. Possibly due to the fact her bladder was already stretching abnormally out of her, the first time she had been relatively empty. So by proportion this was having less of an impact on how much her bladder would have to stretch, but while the pain was less her desperation was shooting through the roof. Her left hand pressing harder against her womanhood as she desperately fought to contain her water. She was breathing heavily, puffing out her cheeks as her face flushed again in effort. However, the sound of her heavy breathing was quickly overshadowed by poor Amanda who was really struggling.

Amanda was now constantly feeling wave after wave of pain and discomfort shooting through her body as it stretched further past her physical limits. Why had she done this to herself, why did she have to cheat. Tears rolled down her face as yet more water was pumped into her bulging bladder. At her current state it seemed that even the smallest amounts of extra liquid were pure agony for her. Amanda's skin was so tight now she felt like it could tear off her body at any moment as she clutched at herself.

The tightness of her leggings doing nothing to help the situation as they now painfully constricted her bladder which demanded yet more room to grow as it was pumped fuller and fuller. She was willing herself to just let go, she sobbed loudly into the quiet room, why couldn’t she just pee. She had never needed a piss this badly in her life and yet her body was betraying her, she was trapped in a prison of her own making. Amanda only had her self to blame, the despair of the situation causing her to sob in misery again.

Amanda’s body was now so full it was seemingly trying to get rid of the liquid within her any way possible other than peeing, sweat was now dripping off her. Running from under her breasts it rolled its way across her massively distended bladder and down her leggings. To some it may seem like she was leaking, but she knew the truth, how she wished she was leaking. Lowering her red face, she stared at the floor as she still tried to unlock the flood gates. Her blonde hair now matted against her sweating and bright red face.

Most looked on in amazement at the sweating and groaning woman, amazed at how much she was putting her body through. Even through the sobs, her control and willpower must have been amazing to carry on like this. Most had seen it last time, she had been filled repeatedly and yet had forced her body shut well beyond its capacity in the last contest. Somehow over the last 6 weeks of training she must have worked on that control, or so they thought. Only 2 people knew what was really going on and they were exhibiting the complete opposite of emotions.

Another smirk appeared on Katy’s face, she had seen something that only increased her confidence of winning. First she was the strongest link, then two of her competitors seemed to be having real trouble containing their bulging bladders. Not that her’s was any less aching from fullness, but she was in control, of the game and her bladder. But now, she had seen it, one of the competitors was leaking and it wasn’t either of the women writhing in agony at their podiums. It was the slim raven headed weather woman across from her. The studio lights had reflected off something as it rolled its way down her grey leggings. Katy had watched as Claudia closed her eyes and squeezed one hand between her legs again, before attempting to wipe it on the top of her leggings in an area where it wouldn’t be as noticeable. But Katy had noticed and now she was counting down the moments till it was just her, Olivia and Alex. Then the real contest could start.

Claudia could feel her thighs tremble as the pumps activated yet again, wincing as her bladder painfully contracted inside her. Closing her eyes she tried to focus all her energy on surviving the next 30 seconds, but less than 20 later she felt her muscles relax again as another droplet forced its way between her tightly clenched muscles. Claudia could feel her defences cracking under the strain of two massive holds in as many days. Another spasm rocked her and she felt a more substantial leak happen. The warmth spread against her hand and she felt the fainted sensations of wetness run down the inside of her left leg.

“Shit” she whispered; she was leaking. Her face flushed with embarrassment but somehow regained control again. Repeating the same movement as last time she just hoped that no one had seen it this time either. The realisation of her situation was dawning on her, one of these times she wouldn’t be able to stop the leak turning into something more substantial. She wasn’t going to win….she wasn’t going to win. But as long as she stopped herself coming last she would be OK, the shame of it would be unbearable. Opening her eyes, she focused on Amanda, “come on piss yourself already” she thought to herself, not knowing that the woman she was looking at was thinking the exact same thing.

“And we move on to round 12, History.” The host said loudly, keen to keep the contest rolling. "Three minutes ready, lets begin"

“Scarlet what year did the cold war officially end?”

“1989”

“Correct. Alex, What network aired its first music video, titled "Video Killed the Radio Star," in 1981?”

“MTV”

“Correct. Amanda, Who married Louis XVI in 1770?”

“Marie Antoinette” Somehow despite the sweat still pouring from her body, she was still able to answer the question. Her bladder throbbing inside her, but the burning sensation accompanied with the pump had stopped too her relief. While the drugs were the reason for the torment, her potent cocktail still seemed to be working to some degree with lessening the pain.

“Correct. Claudia”

Claudia bit her lip trying not to groan as another pulse from her bladder caused her womanhood to tremble. Her muscles hanging on by a thread of control.

“In what year did Christopher Columbus discover the New World?”

“1492”

“Correct”

The next three minutes were filled with the occasional gasps, groans and shuffling noises as the women fought their bloated bladders. Claudia’s desperation becoming more pronounced as her legs started to vibrate against each other as she stood at the podium. The first signs of her desperation many of the contestants had seen. Between questions she was now biting her lip, a worried look coming over her face as she constantly shuffled and prayed for Amanda to pee first. It was just a matter of time. Amanda though was still trying to do the same, yet her body refused to relax even as it spasmed and demanded to be released. Next to her Katy and Scarlet gently rubbed a hand over their bladders, trying to sooth the not so dull ache’s they were experiencing, with any sudden pressure or movement causing their bladders to pulse dangerously.

Only Olivia seemed to be doing well, she was still watching Alex, the signs of desperation were slowly appearing on her rival and she was interested to see how they would progress. Alex was now stood with her legs pressed tightly against each other. One foot occasionally tapping into the other, she could see the desperation rising but if she was honest so was her's.

It was this interest in her rival that had caught her out, like a school boy caught staring at their crush she had not noticed the round progress to her. Missing the half the question she attempted to answer but got it completely wrong. Her face blushing, she had been caught out. Her new found love of desperate women was really starting to be a distraction, being surrounded by 5 beautiful and desperate women was a dream come true but now, it was a real hindrance to her chances of winning. She wanted to slap herself for being so stupid, although if she was able to be so easily distracted was that a good sign right? Her desperation was indeed strong, but it cant be that bad if she could so easily switch it off. That was the only positive thing she could think of about what had just happened. That and thankfully Alex didn’t seem to have noticed her staring.

“At the end of that round, ladies you scored £2,720. Another impressive total with the six of you working well.”

“The strongest link this time was Scarlet with the most amount of banking, but with the most wrong answers Olivia you are the weakest link.”

Dam, that mistake was really going to cost her Olivia thought to herself.

The contestants felt their pumps activate for the 12th time that day as another litre was pushed into Olivia. Pursing her lips she did her best not to let the pressure get the better of her. Her need to pee was escalating rapidly, it seemed she had found and now gone past her limits and her body was starting to respond. Pressing her legs together she put one hand between her legs, she wasn’t that desperate yet but she knew that a show of force wouldn’t work in the long run. It might give the others some more confidence, but Olivia knew it was more about substance than trying to act tough. If her body asked for help as it was now, she was going to give it what it wanted.

Another loud groan from Amanda caught her attention, how the heavily bloated woman was still standing was something to behold. Olivia considered herself to have a bladder of steel, but that title might have to go to Amanda at the current time. The red-faced woman now had both hands pressing into her crotch as she grimaced and moaned almost constantly in discomfort. Even the smallest amounts of pressure were clearly causing a substantial amount of pain for her, Would Olivia really go through it to that extent to win? She usually enjoyed this but if she got to that point, she would seriously consider giving in.

“Oh shit!” A cry went out into the room, followed quickly by a short splattering noise.

All attention turned to the black-haired beauty currently hunched over with both hands covering her obviously wet crotch, snakes of wetness running down her thighs and past her knees. A small puddle of liquid beneath her on the podium clearly giving away the situation, Claudia had temporarily lost control while being filled and a few moments later the thundering of running water hitting a solid surface filled the room as she groaned. For a few moments Claudia tried to stop her tired muscles releasing her bladder. But they were just too tired, after two days of being denied a proper bathroom schedule they were taking matters into their own hands. Still groaning the patter of her pee hitting the floor continued, her leggings darkening along the inside of her toned legs. A large puddle forming between her shoes as she continued to empty herself on the stage. After 10 seconds Claudia finally gave up, realising it was far to late to recover. Her muscles just didn’t have the strength.

Straightening up the splatter intensified for a moment, her body relaxing completely. Claudia was now standing with her legs apart, her piss freely draining from her body directly beneath her crotch, the clear liquid thundering onto the ground and joining the rest of her expanding puddle. “Dam it” she said quietly, she had come last, the worst possible outcome. She cursed who ever had come up with the idea of the pee holding contest for yesterdays show. Who ever they were, this was their fault.

From third to worst, how could this happen.

Close to a minute went by as Claudia continued wetting herself for the cameras, the final drops falling from her soaked leggings and into the puddle beneath her. Closing her legs she could feel the wet fabric clinging to her, reminiscent of her jogging accident weeks earlier. Maybe these leggings were just cursed, that’s twice she had pissed in them. Shaking her legs to get the last drops off, Claudia slowly walked off the stage, leaving the five other women to continue their desperate game.

Bladders after round 12

Alex: 4,584 ml

Olivia: 5,508 ml

Amanda: 6,375* ml

Scarlet: 4,049 ml

Katy: 5,314 ml

Claudia: 2,996 ml – 6th

###

So the first contestant has been eliminated and the pressure is mounting. Who will be next, Will Amanda ever get to be able to pee or will she keep being filled until she wins?

Thanks for reading, this may have turned out a little long but hopefully that doesn’t put anyone off

If you are interested in how much Amanda is actually holding ill put I here in a spoiler. I dont know if anyone would prefer not to know until the end? But since its a feature I thought I would use it.

Spoiler

Amanda's unknowing total is 7,655 ml. This from the diuretic plus 660ml of water and lets say 350ml of Coffee (Also a diuretic).

