The Weakest Link (Omorashi edition) - Page 3

Author: Markj9494

*063*2020-03-24 03:29

Chapter 20: On the rocks

Round 17 was quickly underway, beginning with an optimistic Scarlet. The host had announced the topic of the Olympics which was a good sign for her and her stretched out bladder. She was starting to wonder how much more of this she could take, with the last round making her think it wasn't that much more despite the win. She had been the strongest link and the sheer jubilation she had felt perhaps revealed just how much she wanted or needed to be the strongest link. Her bladder already filled well past its normal capacity and begging for release.

Meanwhile Katy was still feeling somewhat confident, although the announcement of this round’s topic had annoyed her slightly. She knew that this would be Scarlet's strong suit, so unless something really obscure came up she would likely win again. Biting her lip, Katy was fearing for her bladders control too, having leaked moments before into her underwear. She could feel her control slipping but knew she could outlast these two on an even playing field. So what she really needed was a round or two on topics she knew a lot about. If that happened she could retake the lead, let her body have another rest and let the pumps pile the pressure on the other two. Although at this point, her expectation was for Scarlet to pee soon and let the real contest of her against a rather worried looking Olivia start.

For her part Olivia was doing her best to appear confident, but that was becoming harder and harder as her body was forced to contain more water. Her once tight leather dress was now extremely uncomfortable as it compressed her bulging bladder. Luckily she still had one advantage, she was enjoying this. The feeling of being absolutely filled by the show runners while unable to do anything about it was intoxicating for her and her new found desires. But still, her muscles were quivering in effort and she knew she was nearing the end of her control.

Before the last round she was sure that she was at or possibly already crossing her point of reference, that meant from this point forwards everything was new again. This was the most liquid she had ever tried to hold, only the drugs were lessening her desperation, but even they were struggling. Pressing both hands into her crotch she could feel her sweaty skin clinging to the back of her dress. Maybe leather wasn’t the best choice for today.

Over the next 3 minutes Scarlet showed again why any topic on anything close to sport was only going to end one way. Even obscure questions about the 1936 Olympics didn’t throw her as she stormed to a perfect victory. Despite their lack of knowledge, the other two helped her reach a total of £1,440 which would have been a tiny amount at the beginning of the contest. However, given their current states of desperation the ability to answer anything correctly was a feat on its own.

For Olivia and Katy their fate was all but sealed the moment the topic had been announced, the pair resigning themselves to the fact they would be the recipients of more unwanted water at the end of the round. Equally they had both hoped their overly filled bladders would have settled or calmed slightly during the three minutes, but it appeared their bladders were well past that point. There were no longer any moments of peace between the pulses, muscles spasms and painful cramps that rocked their bodies as they tried to contain far too much water. A problem that was only going to get worse for two of them as their pumps activated.

Olivia’s entire body seemed to quiver as her pump turned on and started to inflate her again, the bulge of her bladder expanding as it still somehow found capacity to grow out of her. The tightness of her dress only increasing as time went on, now almost a foot shorter than it was at the start of teh contest as the thick material shifted around her now much larger body. Placing her hands on the massive protrusion she tried to sooth it as pain radiated out from the boiling mass of piss currently in her abdomen. Sparks of pain once again dancing across her stretching skin pressed against her dress. The gentle rubbing did nothing for her and to her dismay she felt a drop of liquid running down her thigh, causing her to quickly move both her hands to shore up her ailing defences. However, she was relieved to feel her damp but not soaking underwear, maybe it wasn’t pee after all?

Now aware of just how much she was sweating inside her leather prison, it was probably just sweat rolling down her stylish but nonabsorbent dress. The heat and sweat of her body was collecting in the creases and bends of her dress like she was being steamed. Another droplet of sweat dripped down from her expanded stomach, rolling down the inside of her dress and falling onto the hard surface of the stage. Olivia could feel herself burning up, the combined taxing of her body to hold her bladder shut and the growing hunger between her legs making her body flushed and hot.

Katy was also suffering, that made it two rounds in a row of failing to be the strongest link and her bladder was letting her know it was disappointed. Throbbing menacingly as her pump continued, a low grunt followed by a sudden change in posture showed everyone how close she too was to an accident. Still she tried to force her outward composure but it had all but been destroyed in the last few minutes. Her flushed sweating face, bent posture and heavy breathing a clear signal that she too was about to explode. But still she fought, pressing her trembling thighs together and cupping her giant bladder, she was determined to win.

Like Olivia she cursed herself for her choice of clothing, the dark blue and heavily elasticated leggings really starting to cut into her. She had pulled them uptight against her crotch a few rounds ago, moving the waistband higher on her body and off her bladder. But now her bladder had expanded so much her leggings were once again pressing down hard and making her need to pee much worse. Now with the added effect of the tight fabric against her womanhood which seemed to be amplifying the internal vibrations and clenching of her tiring muscles, spreading the feeling all over her legs as she tensed them almost constantly. But thankfully after a few more moments the pumps stopped and both ladies sighed in relief, but their torment was far from over.

“Round 18 will be on figure skating” the host announced as Katy and Olivia tried to regain their composure, the deep throbbing in their bodies persisting even after the pump finished.

“Starting with Katy, 3 minutes on the clock. Which city was the first figure skating world championship held?”

“St Petersburg” she said in an almost grunt. Wishing the host could have given her a couple more moments before starting.

“Correct”

“Olivia, what year did figure skating first get added to the winter Olympics?”

Her leg muscles tensed momentarily as another shower of sparks danced across her taught skin. Pausing to think for a moment she had no idea but maybe she could get lucky. They happen every 4 years, so it had to be an even number. Considering she had never seen a competition without one that means it must have been a while ago, possibly even pre world war 2? A vague memory from a documentary she had watched at some point came flooding forwards, something about the Munich games. Could it be 1920?

“19…24” She would hit herself if was 1920 now.

“Correct” Olivia visibly breathed a sigh of relief as somehow her guesswork paid off.

“Scarlet, Who were the first Soviet pair to win Olympic gold?”

More questions on the Olympics, it seemed everything was working out in her favour at the moment. “Ludmila Belousova and Oleg Protopopov”

“Correct, Katy. The International Skating Union Judging System allows for bonus points to be awarded based on what criteria?”

“Position of take-off and landing, and the degrees of rotation.”

“Correct, Olivia. Where did Torvill and Dean originally come from?”

Yes she knew this too, thank you dancing on ice (UK TV show). “Nottingham”

“Correct, Scarlet. Elvis Stojko is from what country?”

“Canada”

“Correct, Katy. Who skated to a program called, "King of Kings" in the 1984 Olympic Games?”

Her cheeks puffed out as another harder spasm hit her unexpectedly. “I uh….Brian Orser” she winced, the pain radiating from her bloated bladder peaking for a moment. Why did she have to wear these stupid leggings.

“Correct Olivia”

“Bank” she had been playing a dangerous game but knew she had to be smart about this. She was out of her depth on this topic.

“Olivia, which Norwegian female skater was the first to win three Olympic gold medals in a row?”

Well there went her good run, “Pass” Now she just had to hope the others would get something wrong too. She was still in the lead on banking, so she had a chance.

The following 2 and a half minutes was a tense battle between the contestants, or at least two of them. The questions came thick and fast and while Olivia did her best she only managed a handful of right answers. On the other hand, Katy and Scarlet had solid rounds, both clearly knowledgeable on the topic, with just a couple of wrong answers each. From her position of no hope of winning the round, Olivia had been keeping tabs of their scores and by her reckoning it was a tie for right answers. The only thing that seemed to separate them was the banking and unfortunately for Scarlet, coming after Olivia really limited her possible banks. As such, Olivia was all but certain that Katy would win and it was kind of her fault. Not that she wanted to be in this position either, but as she watched the mother of two squirm she felt a certain amount of guilt for her suffering.

“In round 18 you only managed to bank a total of £1,270 which is your lowest amount to date.”

I wonder why, Olivia thought as again she felt her muscles threatening to let some of her bladder’s contents out. Grimacing and clenching she just about kept herself dry.

“The strongest link was Katy, just beating out Scarlet on her banking”

No, no no…Scarlet couldn’t believe it. Her flushed face a picture of the extreme desperation she was feeling.

She couldn’t handle more. Her body was at capacity and her leaks had clearly shown It wasn’t willing to hold onto what was currently in her bloated bladder, never mind any more they wanted to push in. Almost hyperventilating she waited for the pump to activate.

Scarlet didn’t think she had been this desperate ever, she had been close a couple of times but this was the worst of it. Then her pump activated yet again and she realised that in fact, this wasn’t the worst of it, the next 30 seconds was going to be.

Given their current situations and despite the small total earnings, both women felt their bladders expanding and loudly protesting the further intake of liquid. Pain shooting through their bodies as the physical limits of their bodies were tested and broken again and again.

Olivia hadn’t won a round in a while and she was suffering because of it. The time between her bladder settling after being pumped full was now almost the entire 3 minutes of the rounds. Which unfortunately for her meant there was very little time between the bought of extreme desperation brought on by the activation of the pump. Her hands clenched tighter around her crotch, trying desperately to squeeze her opening shut and create a physical barrier. Breathing heavily through her nose with her mouth clenched shut, sweat dripped from her forehead as the inferno inside her body heated up yet again.

Her skin constantly flushed and burning as the nerve endings in her body felt as if they were on fire, pulled unnaturally across her bladder which was now pressing even harder against the confines of her thick leather dress. For the first time she whimpered at her situation, the futility of her current position finally getting to the desperate woman. She could still feel the unadulterated lust that had overcome her last round, but even the bursts of pleasure she was getting as her bladder pulsed and touched something inside her, were barely enough to cut through the pain. Although she was sure part of the frustration and the deep ache inside her, was partly due to her unfulfilled sexual needs that were going into overdrive as her bladder stretched.

Scarlet knew this was likely the end, she was about to piss herself. Soon, her dream of winning would be over, her bladder would empty itself on the floor and there was nothing she could do about it. But in a strange way, the realisation of her fate started to calm her mind, giving in as it acknowledging that soon she would be peeing. The panic about holding on for as long as possible was gone and with it she was able to control her breathing again. Swallowing air deeply she took the briefest of pauses and for the first time in a dozen rounds she felt calm, although the realisation of that confused even her.

What was going on, why did her desperation seem to have lessened? Had she wound herself up in her mind so much she had been causing her body more trouble. It was a moment of clarity, the eye of the proverbial storm as her body still filled. Her giant bladder spasmed inside her but with the realisation of her impending doom, came the realisation that it wasn’t really doom. She was 100% expected to wet herself and to be worried about not doing was madness, a pulse from her bladder confirming that thought as her hands dug deeper into her crotch. She shouldn’t have been worrying about if it would happen, but more when.

While she was hoping it would be a little later than right now, she didn’t really have to worry about it. Scarlet instead rationalised that she would just keep playing the game and let her body decide. If it wanted to empty itself then it would, surely it had all the power? Having watched Amanda, even with her willpower Amanda's body had reached a final point and exploded its contents all over the stage. Something she was sure would happen to her, but for now she would just play the game and wait, while still doing everything to stop it, but now without the worrying it brought.

The momentary break in the proceeding was swiftly ended by the host. It seemed she could smell blood and was trying to move things along quickly. Although for once Katy didn’t think it was aimed just at her.

“We will begin round 19 on cooking with you Olivia”

The brunette braced herself, unsure of how well she would do in this round. She knew a bit about cooking, but she wouldn’t have described it as her strong suit. Both hands still squeezing herself shut she looked up at the host, a look of internal anguish plastered across the brunette’s face.

“Olivia, at what temperature does water boil?”

“100 degrees Celsius” She said mildly confused, this cooking topic looked like it was a bit vague?

“Correct, Scarlet. What term is used to describe pasta that is firm to the bite?”

“Al dente”

“Correct. Katy, what does it mean to julienne?”

“You uh…” she paused for a moment as she shuddered, her discomfort peaking. “You uh, you cut it into thin strips”

“Correct. Olivia, What ingredient is traditionally used to make bread rise?”

“Yeast”

“Correct, Scarlet. How many teaspoons make one tablespoon?

“3”

“Correct. Katy, what three main ingredients make up Pesto?”

“Parmesan, olive oil and Pine nuts”

“Correct, Olivia what type of molecule is Gluten?”

“Protein”

“Correct, Scarlet, what 18th-century term describes the process of flattening chicken for quick cooking?”

“Spatchcock”

“Correct. Katy. What is a Roux?”

“I uh….when you put flour into a sauce to thicken it, oh sorry WHAT is a roux. It’s a mix of fats and flour”

“I will accept that. Olivia, What direction does the heat source come from when you broil foods?”

“Above” she said unsure of the answer. But since it probably wouldn’t have been a question if it wasn’t different from below, it was worth a go. Although the nerves of a possible wrong answer caused her to press her legs even tighter together, the knuckles in her hand popping as they were squeezed tightly between them.

“Correct, Scarlet, What is the technique for removing burnt fat from a pan to flavour sauces, soups and gravies?”

“De-Glazing” she said through clenched teeth. The throbbing in her bladder continuing to get the better of her. But despite that, her new found resolve was keeping her head surprisingly clear as she started to bob on the spot. Her legs shuffling constantly, desperately dancing on the spot and trying to put off the inevitable emptying of her bladder.

With only 3 of them left it didn’t leave much time between questions and that stopped Scarlet from really getting a good read on the other two competitors. But frequent glances over the next 2 minutes told her everything she needed to know. Olivia was almost huddled in pain as her massive bladder stuck out of her tight dress. It had to now be bigger than even Amanda’s monstrous bulge, although Olivia still looked a great deal less stressed. Olivia’s hands were now permanently between her legs, her arm muscles clearly fighting to help those lower down as she flexed them and pulled even harder.

Her face bright red as sweat almost continually dripped from her body, small pools of the dropplets collecting under her dress and on the stage. From an onlooker perspective it really looked like she was ready to pop, and while she had to admit Olivia had done well to get to this point, Scarlet could sense her mind was failing her. A gradual increase in the time it took her to answer as the need to pee seemed to be intercepting and delaying her opponents brain power. A good sign for Herself though.

On the other hand, Scarlet watched as Katy answered yet another question correctly. Her face also flushed particularly around her nose and cheeks, but a steeled and determined look was written across it as she panted and gently writhed in desperation. She had really surprised Scarlet and really impressed her with her knowledge, in a weird way she even felt a bit of pride for the young woman. Katy had really shown how smart and also worryingly good at holding her pee she was. The first contest had clearly been unfair to her, but Scarlet quickly reminded herself that now was not the time for her to start feeling sympathy for her competitor’s.

A few moments later the round buzzer sounded and the three women could relax again, if their bodies would let them. While they still managed to answer questions during the round none of them could really follow the flow of the answers, with the strongest link anyone’s game. The on-stage shuffling of legs going up a level as they anxiously waited for the news, it had been a good round, but could it be the last round for one or all of them?

The questions had been relatively easy, much easier than the previous 3 rounds. Whichever of them were not the strongest link would really need to hope they could stay dry, being filled with what they guessed would be a good amount of extra water.

“So, you all did much better that round, with a total of £2,760 banked.”

Oh no, Scarlet wasn’t sure she could take that much, an involuntary whimper escaped Katy as she thought the same, grabbing her crotch as her bladder throbbed dangerously. Katy cursed herself for the show of weakness, but she could feel her pee making another desperate dash for freedom and it had been the only way to stop it.

“The strongest link that round….Was Scarlet”

“Oh thank god” she said exasperatedly. The huge sigh of relief clearly showing how bad this was going to be for the remaining two contestants. She had meant it to be an internal sentiment, but she couldn’t stop her self from expressing it out loud. She could also be moments from going home the champion, or at least being down to the final two.

Within moments the pumps reactivated and Olivia’s mind was almost overwhelmed with the internal pressure occurring inside her bladder. The rock-solid organ now filled well beyond its capacity, feeling like as much as it bulged forwards it was also going backwards and taking up just as much room inside her. The still filling and now pulsing organ forced the air from her lungs in a breathy groan as it tried to desperately empty itself. Her muscles ached so desperately to finally release her much needed pee. She could feel it growing inside her burning body, how much bigger could it get.

A thought she really didn’t want to find out….or did she? As the moments passed she could feel her legs being forced apart, unable to even cross them due to the heavily pregnant looking bulge coming out of the poor woman. Her hips even angling outwards slightly as her body took any and all opportunities to create more room for the gargantuan bulging organ. Another louder groan escaped her pursed lips as the size and weight of it started to strain her back painfully. Olivia didn’t think she had ever been this full, her body was stretched to its absolute limit. The last few rounds were a constant daze of wrong answers and water intake. A fog of pleasure and desperation had descended on her mind again, temporarily shattered by lightning bolts of pain as her body tried to remind her of how unnatural this was, to be this full, it had to stop and soon.

Olivia felt her muscles spasm heavily and she groaned quietly, the spasm causing a shot of urine to leave her. The heavily pressurised jet hissing loudly and splattering against her leather dress. But thankfully two other things happened at that exact moment, causing everyone else to look away from the groaning and sweating woman who felt like she was just moments from pissing herself.

Katy almost screamed as her distended bladder started to visibly shake. The spasms in her bladder reaching a crescendo of frequency, power and pain. The merciless pump still whirring away inside the desperate woman as she felt something starting to separate inside her. A burning pain set in along her abdomen, the pain causing tears to roll down the young woman’s face as she started to whine in pain. She too felt a spurt of urine make it past her clenched muscles, snaking its way down the inside of her tight leggings. Luckily or possibly unluckily, her clothes were now so tight they had formed an almost water tight seal against her skin as they tried to contain her bulging bladder. Another leak rolled down the inside of her now trembling thigh.

Katy was moments away from pissing herself on the stage, closing her eyes all she could see was a bright flashing red pulse. The pain she was feeling now manifesting itself as an almost visible entity before her. Her breathing was ragged, uneven and short, like a crying child she struggled to breath in between the involuntary groans and grunts permanently leaving her body. A third leak shot past her saturated panties and joined the others. A strange warm patch spread across her backside as the seemingly waterproof material carried the liquid around her body without letting it drop onto the ground. She could feel herself leaking, but no one else knew about it.

Katy’s groan had gained the attention of everyone, letting Olivia off the hook for her leak which would otherwise have been noticeable. A leak that was far more substantial than any others, she quickly glanced at her feet. Fuck….she couldn’t even see her feet. The realisation causing her body to quake, registering again the enormity of the task she was asking it to complete. Fumbling with her hands she hiked up the side of her dress, putting a hand rather unladylike under her dress and directly against her wet underwear. She didn’t care how unprofessional it looked to anyone watching, she really did need all the help she could get. Her body was failing and by the looks of it so were the others, she just needed hers to fail last.

All three contestants knew they were at their wits end, they had to end this, one more big round and one of them would probably walk away the winner, unless somehow the others could keep their bladders contained again.

“Starting with Scarlet, round 20 will focus on Alcoholic drinks” The host announced over the whimpers and groans of the writhing women on the stage.

“Three minutes starting now. Scarlet in what year did American congress recognise bourbon as a distinctive product?”

Pressing her legs together Scarlet felt all the optimism leave her body, why was this happening. Despite having the most time to prepare she still didn’t know the answer. A

“1926” a total guess.

“Incorrect, it was 1964”

“Katy, which berry gives Gin its flavour?”

“Juniper”

“Correct. Olivia, which drink was traditionally given to sailors in the Navy?”

“Rum”

“Correct. Scarlet, which drink did Christopher Columbus take with him when he…”

“Sherry” She didn’t need to know the rest of the question, it was one of those strange facts she had learnt at school. Not the actually useful information that would be on the tests, but the strange bit of trivia your brain hangs onto for some reason, and right now she couldn’t be happier to have got a C on that paper as a trade-off.

“Correct, Katy. What was the first country to make Vodka a national drink?”

“Po..Poland” she stuttered, the pulsing in her bladder insistent.

“Correct, Olivia. Water of life is the Gallic origin of which beverage?”

Water of life, they were doing this on purpose. “Whisky”

“Correct. Scarlet in what year was beer listed as an alcoholic beverage in Russia?”

“2013”

“Correct. Katy, what brand of Gin is named after the guards of the tower of London?”

“Beefeater”

“Correct. Olivia, What Japanese spirit is served warm?”

“Sake”

“Correct”

“Bank” Scarlet was still in it, just about. If she had waited one more question, they would have go a higher total, but she needed to make sure to bank despite the current standings. All she needed were a couple of wrong answers from Olivia and Katy, although that seemed unlikely at the moment. There was a reason these two formidable women had made it this far and it wasn’t luck.

“Scarlet, Curaco is made from the dried skin of which fruit?”

“Orange”

“Correct. Katy what drink includes Butterscotch schnapps and Bailies Irish cream?”

“Butterball”

“Correct, Olivia. What alcohol is in a salty dog?”

“Vodka”

“Correct. Scarlet, what turns a martini into a Gisbon?”

“A pickled onion”

“Correct. Katy, which country is home to the world’s longest bar?”

“America” Even if she didn’t know that, it was a fairly safe bet.

“Correct. Olivia, which American state was the first to repeal Prohibition?”

“Montana”

“Correct. Scarlet. Which drink did General Grant famously drink while leading troops into battle?”

“Whisky”

“Correct. Katy, which British prime ministers mother invented the Manhattan cocktail?”

“Winston Churchill”

“Correct, Olivia.”

“Bank”

“Olivia, what is the most consumed alcohol in the world?”

“Vodka”

“Correct. Scarlet, Alcohol is considered to be a performance-enhancing drug for which sport?”

“Shooting”

“Correct. Katy, Which National Anthem was written to the tune of a popular drinking song a the time?”

“America”

“Correct. Olivia, what bottle opening device was invented in 1860?”

“Corkscrew” It was weird, it seemed somehow they were all getting into the rhythm again, despite their bladders.

“Correct. Scarlet, what is the purpose of the indentation at the bottom of a wine bottle?”

“It makes it harder to break”

“Correct, Katy, white lighting is another name for whi….”

“Moonshine”

“Correct. Olivia, which was the original beverage to be toasted”

“Wine”

“Correct. Scarlet, Spectators of which sport drink the most beer?”

“Golf”

“Correct, Katy”

“Bank” Her legs scissoring as her attention was brought back to the game and away from her bladder. It seemed even 99% concentration wasn’t enough anymore.

“What does it mean when something is on the rocks?”

“It has Ice in it”

“Correct. Olivia, what is the name of the molecule of alcohol that can be safely consumed?”

“Ethanol”

“Correct. Scarlet, which organ in the body is responsible for processing alcohol?”

“Liver” Although given the pressure inside her right now, she didn’t know if she still had one or if it had been removed to make room for her bladder. Which was technically another organ responsible for “processing” alcohol.

“Correct, Katy”

“Bank” That was two banks for her, she had to be in the lead, although Olivia wasn’t far behind her.

“Katy, what beverage is celebrated on Black Tot day in the UK?”

“Bourbon”

“Incorrect, it was rum”.

“Shit” Katy swore loudly, her frustration and desperation getting the better of her. She had to win this!

Still thinking about where her liver might have gone, Scarlet’s hopes suddenly returned as she heard the remark. if Katy could make a mistake so could Olivia. Now she just had to make sure she didn’t and remember to bank.

“Olivia. The worlds largest cork tree is found in which country?”

“Portugal” A fact she learnt off a random bar mat.

“Correct, Scarlet. Processed Alcohol dates back to which year?”

“6,000 BC”

“Correct.” Katy in what country is beer legally defined as a staple food?”

“Bavaria”

“Correct, Olivia”

“Bank”

“The evaporation of a small amount of whisky during the ageing process is given what name?”

“Angels pinch”

“Correct. Scarlet, Tabasco sauce is typically fermented in barrels that were previously filled with what?”

“Jack Daniels”

“Correct, Katy. If a bottle says Mis en Bouteille au Domaine, what does it mean?”

“Its bottled at the vineyard where, where, where.... the grapes grew” Her speech again interrupted by protests from her aching bladder. It wanted to be empty and wasn't going to take no for an answer much longer.

“Correct, Olivia. Which insect was originally found at the bottom of Tequila bottles?”

“A worm”

“Incorrect, it was a moth”

Olivia’s eyes closed, she wanted to hit herself. She had been moments from winning the round and possibly the entire contest, but now she was back at square one.

“Scarlet”

As the camera came back to her, she was almost overwhelmed, excitement at the prospect of winning returning to her. Both of the others had now made a mistake and levelled the playing field. Although this up and down roller coaster of emotions was really playing with her body, a body that was already on edge. Each step backwards with a wrong answer was bringing her impending wet disaster closer, while each step forward made her more determined not to let it happen.

“Which substance was used instead of mercury in early thermometers?”

“Brandy”

“Correct.” Another step forwards!

“Katy, how long does whisky need to be aged to become Scotch”

“3 years”

“Correct.” Glancing at the clock, they had 30 seconds left, it was coming down to the wire and it was going to be close to see who came out on top.

“Olivia, Thomas Jefferson brought which drink to America from France?”

“Wine”

“Correct”

“Bank”

Another glance at the clock from Katy, 10 seconds. If they could get to her she could get the last answer. By her count all 3 of them were now were tied, on wrong answers and banking. But if she got the extra right answer when it came back to her, she would be the strongest link based on the number of right answers since it had started with Scarlet. The urgency making her tap both feet furiously.

“Scarlet, how long does it take for brain cells to react to alcohol?”

“30 minutes”

“Incorrect, its 6 minutes”

Yes yes yes! Katy was celebrating in her head. Please be easy, please be easy.

“Katy, people with which eye colour are able to drink mo….”

“Blue!”

“Correct” Katy couldn’t help but fist bump with her hand in her crotch. She had won the round but even that slight collision as she jerked her hand caused a massive spasm to happen throughout her body. How could she be so stupid, why did she even do that!

As the clock ticked down from one second, a cry came out in the room.

But it wasn’t of desperation, but a cry of “Bank”. Olivia had been waiting, watching and squirming. Just about able to follow the proceedings she knew this would be enough to make her the strongest link, and so did Katy.

“No”, Katy whimpered. So obsessed with rushing the question she forgot that Olivia could bank as soon as the host said she had gotten it right. An omission that was about to cost her, it had been another amazing round and she would be suffering for her oversight.

Meanwhile Scarlet’s heart had almost fallen out of her, the optimism had been high before the round, crushed almost immediately and then built up over the last 3 minutes before being destroyed by her second wrong question. The changing emotions almost making her head spin. She knew what was coming and it was going to take all of her strength not to piss herself. It had to be over a litre each and she knew she just didn’t have room for that. But, she reminded herself of the thoughts she had just a few minutes earlier. She would hold on, but her body could either do it or not do it, there was no reason to worry. Although the constant throbbing between her legs was a painful reminder that despite her best efforts, her body was desperate to release itself even now. The thankfully dulled pulses making her muscles quiver as she tried to steady herself for what was about to happen to her.

“At the end of round 20 you managed a great total of £2,720”

Another whimper could be heard in the room as Katy’s bodies started to react prematurely. A phantom filling feeling suddenly causing spasms in her bladder causing her to groan and grab herself again.

“The strongest link that round by just £20 was Olivia.” Even before the host said it, the contestants had figured it out. Scarlet was trying to use the few moments to steel herself while Katy fought the battle against her body. A battle that suddenly became one sided as the pump turned on.

Water began thundering into the poor young woman as she tried to maintain her confident appearance. But it was no use, her skin began to creak as sharp stabbing pains radiated out of her bladder causing her body to forcibly shake. She let out a deafening low yell as she desperately fought for control of her body. Katy’s eyes bulged from her head as she started rocking on the spot, both hands pressing deeply into her crotch while her bladder stretched even further.

The Vice like pressure from her hands enough to start forcing some of the wetness caused by her leaks to pass through the material, like touching a tent after its rained. Bursts of breath escaped her body as her body failed to control itself, the wetness from her previous squirts running down the inside of her legs, the rest of it threatening to follow it. The pressure was unimaginable as her bloated organ was filled far beyond its capacity, stretching to an improbable or even impossible size. She let out a long deep groan as the pump continued, the noise slowly transitioning into a high-pitched wail as her body finally exploded with pee, showering it everywhere. A loud hissing filled the room as her pee shot through her tight leggings at breakneck speed, her bladder finally unable to take it anymore.

Instantly the stage was covered in pee, a puddle quickly forming and spreading across the stage in all directions from the panting and groaning woman at its centre. Streams of pee were flowing down both her legs, splattering noisily to the floor while four other streams fell freely between her legs. The semi-waterproof material unable to do anything against the speed and force Katy was wetting herself with.

Katy wobbled slightly, she had been holding her breath and now light headed she fell to her knees, a mirror of the last contest. Her pee was still shooting out of her in the new position, now just one central but larger stream remained, the rest running down her legs to her knees and then directly joined the absolutely massive puddle on the ground. Grunting periodically Katy's whole body was twitching, the control of her muscles completely destroyed by her demands of them over the last hour. Her eyes open but unmoving, she seemed lost in her accident as relief overwhelmed her senses which had been focused on nothing but her need to pee, a torrential pee that was still continuing.

Next to her Scarlet was fighting her body every step of the way, her abused bladder trying everything it could to make her finally give in and pee. The deafening hiss from Katy’s accident seemed to be the only noise in the room to the blonde woman. Wave after wave of desperation and pain flew through Scarlet's body as she panted, clutching her bulging abdomen. A red haze was coming in from the edges of her vision, the strain of her actions causing blood to rush to her bright red face, now covered in matted and dripping blonde hair.

She moaned loudly as a powerful pulse cracked her defences, feeling another stream of pee leave her and quickly run down her leg. She hadn’t seen it but it felt like a lot, desperately she clenched her muscles as they trembled again. She thanked her black fabric trousers which were hopefully covering up her accident. But it wasn’t over yet, her bladder was still being filled and she could feel another pulse building inside her, almost like waiting for a hiccup she hoped would never come.

The second spasm hit even harder as she groaned desperately, ordering every muscle and fibre of her body to ignore how tired and strained they were to keep her bladder shut. Another similar spurt escaped her defences as her body rocked where she stood. Light headed Scarlet put a hand on the podium to steady herself, desperately hoping that was going to be the last spasm. But as she grabbed the polished metal surface, her hand wet with sweat slipped, causing her to stumble forwards. Just this small movement caused her bulging and aching bladder to come into contact with the hard podium, the impact instantly shattering her stalwart defences as piss exploded out of the sweating and groaning woman.

“Oh no!” she squealed, pivoting her left leg and pressing it with all her might into the other, but it was no use, her muscles had faltered and despite how much she tried they simply wouldn’t re-engage with their holding duty. Mere seconds later litres of pee showered out of her body as another much quieter hiss filled the room. Liquid came gushing down both of her legs as the highly absorbent material shined in the bright lights, clearly showing her pee quickly absorbing and racing across the porous clothing as most of it fell swirling down her legs.

“Oh god” she moaned in pleasure, oh how it felt so good to finally pee.

Tilting her head back she closed her eyes and relished the feeling of relief. Sighing deeply she let her body relax, she had fought it hard but finally it had reached its limit. Suddenly she felt her now drenched trousers start to slip, the sheer volume of liquid they had absorbed weighing them down and threatening her modesty. Opening her eyes she quickly grabbed her clothing, they were absolutely soaked, even at the top of the waistline. Thankfully her modesty remained in tact, even if her control didn’t.

She couldn’t help but laugh at the situation, she had almost been stripped of her clothing by her pee on television. Looking down she was amazed at the sheer amount of pee still flowing from her body, how had she held so much. It was like an ocean, more liquid still coming out of her.

Looking over she could see Katy, the young woman squatting on her knees as the most powerful piss Scarlet had ever seen continued. It had been almost 30 seconds and yet still the young woman peed full force. A blank look on her face, her eyes glazed over as if she wasn’t even aware of what was happening. She really had pushed her body to its absolute limits. But then again so had she scarlet thought. Allowing her body to pee freely she consoled herself, she had come second! A small smile came across her face, from 5th to 2nd was quite the achievement, only being beaten by Olivia, who was….still holding her pee? She had won, she could pee and yet she wasn’t?

Olivia’s desperation had gone through the roof despite not being pumped full. The sounds of liquid hitting the floor at such speed and quantities was causing ripples to flow through her body as it convulsed in desperation. Her bladder cramping like it was trying to pass a bowling ball, although it looked like it contained far more than that. Its distended nature massively outstretching and out sizing the other women's. How she was still holding was beyond her, although she guessed it was something to do with the drive she had to find her absolute limits. Last time, even before she had started training, it was the drugs that had cost her that opportunity, but right now she had that chance.

Could she hold on? Could she wait until she saw Tara? Just the thought of her, combined with the moans and groans of the two women still pissing themselves on the stage enough to make her writhe in lust as well as desperation. Breathing heavily she slowly began reducing the pressure between her legs. Somehow the understanding that she didn’t need to hold it to win made it easier to hold it, because now it was just because she wanted too. Somehow, she removed one hand, but the other stayed behind to support her tired muscles. The allure of her bladder causing her to rub it with her now free hand, the opportunities for pleasure with such a massive bladder were endless. Momentarily going cross eyed she suddenly remembered she was on live TV, and those things would have to wait till her and Tara were together in private. If she could hold it that long. Every second felt like a struggle, but it would be worth it.

Eventually Scarlet's slow paced accident came to an end, almost a minute after Katy’s noisy wetting had ended. Only now did Katy seem to come back to the room, crouched in the middle of the largest puddle of pee she had ever seen. Now that it had combined with all of the others, the room was absolutely covered in it. But she didn’t care, she had lost. Despite doing far better than last time and still feeling her muscles quivering from how hard she tried, her face burned red in embarrassment of failing yet again. Slowly standing she felt a few drops falling from her rapidly cooling legs, her underwear now wet and clingy against her skin.

She hated that feeling, it meant she had failed to hold it.

Her self pity was interrupted as the camera's turned to focus on the host, who began talking.

“So, congratulations to Olivia who is this week’s strongest link.”

“After calculating the total winnings, I can confirm you are going home today with £65,505 double our previous record.”

“Holy shit”, Olivia said out loud, apparently only just able to control her bladder and not her language. Her face and body still sweating but still containing the vast quantities of pee.

“Commiserations to Katy, Scarlet and the rest of our contestants. But that is it for this weeks Weakest link contest, we will see you this time next week for more, the weakest link.” The host said with a wink to the camera, her signature ending.

The Camera’s faded to black and that was the end of the highest scoring episode of the Weakest link ever made.

The end!

Final bladders!

Olivia: 11,423* - winner

Scarlet: 8,026 – 2nd

Katy: 9,637 – 3rd

Alex: 5,657 ml – 4th

Amanda: 8,865 ml – 5th

Claudia: 2,996 ml – 6th

So there we have it, Olivia is our new winner!

A solid performance from all the women and I know a lot of you were rooting for Scarlet, sorry to disappoint any of you, but a solid second place was a good effort. Olivia just had the edge on her and Katy.

Thank you all for continuing to read this, especially those of you that have been upvoting and commenting all the way through. It really meant a lot!

Hopefully the ending (and the rest of the story) was what you all hoped for, I worried it was getting a bit repetitive by the end (hence the longer chapters). But hopefully you guys enjoyed it anyway!

I’ll probably take a little break from writing anything, but if you guys have any ideas or requests, vague or specific im happy to hear them and who knows I might turn them into something.

Sorry to Melificentfan, Im probably going to retire this story / characters so wont be adding to this story with them meeting up. I think i've run out of ideas for these guys, at least for now.

But if you (Or anyone else) have another request even if its just a fandom / TV show / game, if I know anything about it I don’t mind giving it ago.

Although they wont be as long as this, more like 1 - 3 parts at max unless I really get going again.

