Reasons she couldn’t go: no time

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-07-13 15:08

No Time

Hilary looked at her iPad as she walked up the long path to the next house. She sighed to see she was still nowhere near target and would have another long shift. Being paid per meter reading was great in an area where many were home all day, sheltered housing, council housing estates and the likes, but here in a huge new built area where everyone was out at work it meant a long day trying to reach target.

In didn’t help that today was Friday and therefore Hilary couldn’t just call it a day and hope to catch up tomorrow. She still had 45 meter readings to do and she just had to keep on working until she had them. If only electric meters were outside like gas ones she would be fine but, of course, they had to be inside and she needed entry to another 45 houses before she could finish.

Dressed in smart uniform of company navy trousers, a blouse with company logo, a suit jacket and flat black shoes and carrying a company iPad over her shoulders with an ID lanyard round her neck, Hilary was certainly feeling the heat. She walked back to her car and moved along to the next crescent full of detached and semi-detached new houses. Checking the time she took 15 minutes to eat a pre-packed sandwich, an apple and to drink a bottle of water. It was 12:30 and if she wanted to finish by dinner time she couldn’t break for long especially as she’d so far only managed to get ten households in and therefore just ten readings.

Hot and tired she removed her suit jacket and left it in the car and headed out to start the next street.

40 minutes later she returned to the car to move it again having only managed to get four more readings. The large sprawling new area was split into six areas by different builders and Hilary started her engine, drove around the area she had just walked round and moved into the area across the way to try there. Needing the toilet slightly she hoped to at least find a few more people home this side. Before getting out she checked her postcode allocation hoping there might even be a small area of rented houses somewhere that might speed her up but alas her only allocation was the new build area. The afternoon heat was giving her a slight headache so Hilary opened another bottle of cold water from her in-car cooler and drank most of it before getting out the car. Her long hair was wet at the neck with the heat and not for the first time Hilary wished the company would allow hats on hot days.

Every house here was detached again but at least the driveways were shorter and within half an hour Hilary had managed to get to 15 doors, though only managing to read 2 more meters. What was even more annoying was her growing need for a bathroom. Normally Hilary would drive to a nearby supermarket or petrol station and use the facilities there but with so many readings short if she wanted home for dinner there just wouldn’t be time, not at the rate she was getting doors answered today anyway. She tried ignoring her bladder but with so few doors being answered that wasn’t easy.

Finally she got a homeowner in and read another meter! But she still needed 39 more and it wasn’t looking hopeful. She looked back at her car and decided to walk round to the next street and not bother moving the car this time. The streets here had wide driveways and little space between houses so finding a place to park without blocking access would be difficult and with so many meters still to read every minute counted.

Hilary could feel her bladder filling as she rang the next bell. She moved slightly from foot to foot subconsciously as her mind preoccupied itself with her growing need. Having waited a few minutes and seeing no vehicles in the drive again she reluctantly moved on. The next house was the same. The next the same again. What a frustrating afternoon! Finally Hilary had two houses in a row with someone home but by now bending over to read electric meters was pressing against her bladder increasing her need.

By half way along the long street Hilary was finding things increasingly difficult. Standing still waiting for doors to be answered was not happening much at all and to make matters worse she was getting further and further away from her car. Ringing the bell at number 61 Hilary could think of nothing else apart from how much she wished she could spare the time to pee. When an older gentleman answered the door unexpectedly Hilary jumped and crossed her legs. As if to make matters worse just inside the door Hilary could see a small downstairs toilet door open and she had to look away. How she longed to be able to just ask to use the bathroom but the risk the gentleman might report her and she would lose her job was too much.

Hilary showed her lanyard to the gentleman and told him what she was there for.

‘Of course! Come in! The cupboard is just here next to the toilet.’ Hilary wished he wouldn’t say that word. Just the word sent a spasm from her bladder and she crossed her legs again as she bent over to read the meter.

‘Is it ok if I access your gas one now?’

‘Yes, of course! It’s out the back. Just follow me.’

Hilary followed behind moving constantly as she did. Seeing a toilet right beside her had intensified her need so much but she really had no time to go. She quickly read the meter and thanked the man as she inputted the details onto the iPad. Walking back through the house she glanced longingly at the open toilet again wishing she had the time to find somewhere to go. As the older gentleman closed his front door Hilary bounced on her feet trying not to pee dance in a public street but bursting to go.

Spurred on by finally getting someone home Hilary rang the next bell standing with one leg in front of the other, subtly rocking back and forth while she waited. Amazingly it was answered too and Hilary flustered over her words with trying to hold her bladder and the unexpected answer. Again she was invited in by an older lady and as before the house also had a toilet just by the electric meter though this one was closed. Just the sign ‘toilet’ on the door though made Hilary cringe as she longed to be able to use it. She read both meters promptly and walked out anxious not to show how close she was to having an accident.

Now incredibly keen to use a toilet, but aware she still had so many readings to do and no time to go, Hilary decided to cross the road and at least head back to her own car. It seemed a tiny dot in the distance with so many houses and so much time before she would get there. She rang the first door bell on the other side pressing her thighs tight together as she did. Like so many before there was no answer and Hilary hobbled to the next house. She curled her toes in her shoes as she tensed all over as she yet again rang another bell and yet again had no answer.

Sweating and worried Hilary looked down the street to her car then checked the screen on her company iPad trying to work out what to do. Even without trying any more doors she was no longer sure her bladder could hold back until she reached her car, got in and drove somewhere with an open bathroom. Time wasn’t on her side at all. She decided to try one last door and then head back to her car.

She walked down the wide empty driveway and rang the bell as usual, stepping from foot to foot and bringing one leg up behind her. It was now almost 4pm and she’d been holding her bladder for hours with no time to go. Checking no-one was looking she hid a hand behind her iPad and gave herself a tight squeeze. It helped but as soon as she removed her hand her need to pee intensified greatly. Unfortunately for Hilary it was another time with no-one home and she decided that she just couldn’t afford to wait any longer so headed back towards her car.

Just then Hilary’s company phone rang and whilst briskly walking down the road Hilary answered. She tried to hide her moans and struggle but her intuitive boss must have picked something up.

‘Are you ok there Hilary?’

‘Y....yes...it’s just....it’s just I haven’t managed to get enough people home and....’

‘Is it the postcode? That’s the new build estate you are in isn’t it?’

‘Yes...just so few home during the day...been here all day....sorry one second...’

Hilary stopped to once again grab herself, now not even bothered if anyone saw. She just had to get into her car quickly and get to a toilet. She had to!

‘Listen Hilary you are one of our best workers. You have a proven history and this isn’t your fault. I was thinking how about I ignore your targets this week and adjust your hours next week. I was thinking that area might be better to do at night? How would you feel about starting much later next week and working through to 8pm? I’ll make it worth your while with a bonus as we need to try and get more accurate readings for that area. What do you think?’

Hilary wanted to cry, partly with relief at the thought of her target being reduced and party because her bladder was about to burst. She put her key into the door of her car and climbed in the drivers seat as her boss waited for a reply.

‘Yeah. I think...I think that’ll be fine.’

In the car Hilary immediately put both hands between her legs and kneaded her vagina in utter desperation. She tried to hide her moans but couldn’t help taking a deep intake of breath as she felt another strong surge from her bladder for release.

‘Hilary? Hilary? Are you definitely ok there?’

‘Mmmmm....yeah....it’s...it’s been a very long day.’

‘Hilary you need to look after yourself. Finish up for today and go home. Don’t worry about the time or your targets. I’ll sort that for you. You’ve done your best and some days just don’t go to plan. Ok?’

Hilary put her keys in the ignition as she tried to get comfortable enough to drive, her eyes filling with tears. With her bottom firmly pressed back as far as she could in the seat, her thighs tightly squeezed and her bum cheeks clenched she hung her mobile on its stand and indicated to move out. Unaware she still hadn’t hung up and neither had her boss she let out a whimper as a long spurt of urine squirted out into her underwear.

‘No....please no....’

‘Hilary are you ok? Talk to me...’

‘I’m ok.I’ve had an accident but I’m ok.’

‘Hilary? Hilary? Do you need me to come pick you up? Is the car ok? What happened? Do you want me to call the police?’

Hilary whimpered more as she grabbed fruitlessly between her legs with one hand as urine surged out of her running down her legs, dripping off the seat and soaking her trousers completely.

‘No! No! The car is fine. I am....ok...it wasn’t the car...sorry need to go. Have to drive. Next week will be fine. Thanks!’

Hilary pressed to hang up the phone, her eyes crying with sheer relief. Next week she would be much more prepared and she’d MAKE time to pee regardless of any targets. For now she just needed home and sorted and to have a much needed coffee.

