All Day Candy Tries Again

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-07-26 15:25

All day Candy tries again

Candy set herself her usual target: all day without a pee. After the disaster that was yesterday she was more determined than ever. Using the bathroom was just so time consuming, distracting and inconvenient and the feeling of a full bladder was delicious, thrilling and exciting. She’d woken horny in her strapless nighty, her large breasts feeling sensitive and tingly, her nipples hard and longing. Just touching her own body set it on fire as she suddenly pressed her hand between her legs and stroked her naked vagina. She hadn’t used the bathroom before bed and urgently had to go, so urgently she was seconds away from wetting the bed.

Jumping up she ran to the toilet and released a huge long pee as she tweaked her nipples with fingers wet from her own vagina. She sighed in satisfaction and relief but also in excitement that this would be the last time she went for at least 12 hours. Regardless how desperate she got she would hold today until bedtime. There was nothing like the ecstasy of a huge long release after a long hold to bring her massive sexual desire and Candy knew that the longer the hold the better the high of the release, like a full day of fore play before sex.

Candy showered, put her make up on naked, then dressed in a figure hugging revealing black dress that sat above her knees with her favourite bra and matching lace knickers. She made herself an instant coffee and buttered a croissant then after breakfast drove to work in her cosmetic shop. The mall she worked in was warm and before opening Candy made herself a mug of tea. First trade was usually quiet and she hoped she’d get to drink it all. Her colleague still wasn’t back until next week so Candy set about updating her window display and blowing some balloons up for some colour.

The morning flew in with a steady trickle of customers and Candy had a lovely surprise when the newsagent next door popped in with a fresh roll from the nearby bakers and a latte. Mukesh was lovely and Candy admired him as a fellow businessman. They helped each other take in deliveries when busy and exchanged cash now and again if they needed change. Candy paid Mukesh and thanked him as she cleaned a shelf of lipsticks. Heading back to the till with the filled roll and drink Candy sat behind the desk away from the public as she had another working lunch. With the door of the shop open a light draft sent cold air under the table and onto Candy’s bare legs making her shiver a little and cross her legs. She smiled to herself realising she’d had the first signal from her bladder knowing it would get stronger and stronger as the day went on.

True to her thoughts by mid afternoon Candy was much more aware of her body and her bladder especially. By 3:40 the tingling was becoming more distracting but Candy knew no matter how much her body protested she would make it wait. When Mukesh popped by asking if she had change of a ten pound note Candy wasn’t even aware that her legs were constantly moving and her thighs squeezing. As Candy leaned forwards to open the till drawer Mukesh had a clear view of her breasts as her dress moved down her chest as she leaned over. Coming to the front of the till Mukesh watched as Candy crossed her high heeled strapped sandals on the floor and swung her knee in and out rhythmically. Handing Mukesh the change and taking the note it was clear Candy was distracted and fidgety.

Mukesh smiled and left having enjoyed the view. Candy was extremely attractive and seeing her movements was quite a turn on.

Back alone Candy tried distracting herself with work, revelling in the beautiful tingling sensation between her legs. When a late customer came in close to finishing Candy struggled to stay still. Her whole body longed to relax and release but Candy loved the feeling so much she refused to give in. She wriggled openly on the seat behind the till then struggled to concentrate when the customer asked a simple question. Candy could feel her body yearning, bursting, desperate, but even at the risk of the customer noticing she couldn’t hide it any longer. Her squirming and fidgety behaviour was increasing her sexual desire and she was enjoying herself immensely.

Finally Candy closed the shop, cashed the till up and left out the back door passing the toilet she never used. In her own car she grabbed between her legs and squirmed like crazy to keep holding back, loving every second of the feelings it gave her. As always the traffic was quite heavy and throughout the journey Candy spoke to herself ‘So gotta pee. So not going! Bursting but you can hold this Candy. Don’t you dare pee yet!’

Arriving home intensified the feelings immensely and Candy pee danced around her house as she hung her coat up and made her way to her kitchen. Yesterday she had held right through cooking and wet herself washing dishes but tonight she was absolutely determined she would hold it longer. Regardless how much her bladder moaned she refused to give in to it’s stupid demands. As if to taunt it more she immediately poured a glass of cold water, adding ice from the freezer and drank it down as she looked for something to cook. The fridge had little to offer other than some salad but she had some breaded chicken in the freezer and a few potatoes so put the chicken in the oven and peeled the potatoes all the time constantly moving, moaning and squirming.

She sat on the breakfast bar stool and wiggled against it trying desperately not to give in to her bladder’s demands. One hand down her dress top and in her lace bra fondling her breasts and the other inside her knickers she pressed against the seat, squirmed and stroked herself loving the feelings it brought and knowing it was 100% intensified by her over full bladder. Her nipples were hand and protruding, her vaginal lips swollen and puffy, her clitoris tender and raised. Candy longed to pee but equally longed for sexual climax as she gazed around the kitchen wondering what to do.

She slid the cutlery drawer open but seeing nothing to help she closed it and opened the next drawer which had all sorts of various cooking utensils. With her hand still between her legs and her pussy pounding she grabbed a wooden spoon and smiled. Holding the spoon end she pulled the gusset of her knickers aside and inserted the handle into her own vagina, moaning and pulsating and shaking as she did. She was dying to release so much excess bladder fluid but equally so aroused and horny she fucked herself with the wooden spoon handle as she clung to any hope of not pissing herself while her dinner cooked.

Having orgasmed once Candy was sweating and dry mouthed as she poured herself some wine to drink as she dished up her dinner. For a minute her urgent need to pee subsided as her body recovered from her sexual high but by the time she sat down again to eat she had to slip a sandal off and sit on her foot to prevent herself wetting.

‘You need to wait bladder. A few more hours and I’ll let you go!’

Thankful for just a few dishes to wash and recalling how she had wet herself doing this same job yesterday Candy washed up as quickly as she could, having to stop a few times to hold herself and dance.

God she urgently had to pee!

Walking into the main room Candy thought about running to the toilet. She’d got further than yesterday but she so dearly wanted to know how much longer she could wait. She sat on her couch and switched the TV on fidgeting and rocking to prevent any leaks. Wow her favourite programme was just starting! How perfect. Candy was determined to keep her bladder on hold until the hour programme finished. Sitting on the couch she had a hand between her legs as she bounced her knee, wriggled and rocked.

Drinking more wine Candy played with her body as her need grew and grew exponentially loving every single second. Oh how she adored this feeling but oh how dangerous it was too. As her wine finished she leaned forward to pour out more but alas her body was at it’s absolute limit and leaning on the edge of her own sofa with a bottle of wine in her hands Candy clenched her face and thighs simultaneously as her urethra popped open despite everything and a river of gushing warm urine ran down her bare legs and formed a huge running puddle at her feet.

She’d made it to 11 hours but she had to do better. She watched the rest of her programme in her soaked clothes as she masterbated through them, proud of herself but equally disappointed.

Tomorrow she would make it to bedtime without peeing. She set her mind to it. She had to. She wanted to. She was determined to whatever happened.

