Sparring (Dream Smp)

Author: MapleFeather12

*000*2021-09-26 04:56

If I gotta take it down I will, just a lil tester, Sfw omo piece with abit of comfort

Agh-" Tommy was knocked back onto the ground with a loud thud, above him, Techo stood with a cocked brow hidden behind his pig mask, Tommy was training with Techo early in the morning, as the sun was still peaking out over the forest behind them, he wanted to be stronger so he could go against Dream the next time he visited to take his stuff. "Tommy your never going to stand a chance if you cant block a simple downwards blow" Techo sighed yanking Tommy back onto his feet, who stumbled to catch himself at the sudden movement, dust now plaguing his white and red shirt, but something was plaguing his mind, and body, a fullness in his bladder told him he had to pee, but stopping right as the session had started would not look good on his end, he was supposed to be strong, he could manage.

Tommy swung his stone axe forward, however, it got caught in Techos shield, Techo pulled his arm back, taking Tommys axe out of his grip. "You need a stronger grip if you want to keep your weapon" Techo sighed tossing him back the axe, Tommy could barely grab it since he had to squirm abit, the fullness in his bladder having turned into a pecking annoyance, however Techo didnt seem to notice, he was busy patching up a piece of his shield. Tommy growled lightly in annoyance at his bladder, his foot tapping against the grassy floor in impatience and annoyance, he was sure he could manage though, a little pecking and squirming wouldnt affect his battle skill, right?

Wrong

Tommys grip on his axe would loosen every time he tried to swing, and he kept stumbling around trying to cross or squeeze his legs together as his bladder throbbed urgently, he probably looked like a clumsy idiot to Techo, who was just fine. Tommy ducked under the swift swing of a sword, feeling his bladder throb with a heavy weight, he nearly stumbled over once he shot back up, though he ended up knocking the axe from Techos hand when his head collided with it, sending a nagging pain into his head.

"Ow!" Tommy hissed rubbing his head as the pain throbbed, though his bladder throbbed harder, he squeezed his legs together trying to keep it hidden, though it surely looked awkward from another angle "...you alright...?" Techo asked grabbing his axe off the ground, "yeah im good...just hit my head.." Tommy exclaimed dusting himself off, though he suddenly felt eager to grab himself as a wave of desperation washed over him like a tight blanket.

"No your squirming...youve been squirming for the past three hours Tommy" Tommy jumped up abit, yep, he was right, it did look awkward "u-uh...im good yeah.." he lied, on the inside, he was arguing with himself over whether to tell Techo or not, he felt abit embarrassed at the thought of admitting such a stupid thing, however it did seem to be the right thing to do...but his pride, his strength?

"You sure? we can take a break if your tired" Techo tossed the stone axe to the side and stepped over, a break, a break would be perfect for him right now. Tommy stood up straight trying to look formal despite his dusty, desperate state, "er..no im not tired I can keep goi-" Tommy nearly squealed like a toddler when he felt a light, warm dampness on his crotch. Tommy didnt know what to do, he couldnt squirm because Techo was watching him, he couldnt get it to stop no matter how hard he tried to force it without moving. The wetness spread easily down his legs and some even seeped into his socks, and a light hissing noise taunted him.

Techo watched the shorter blonde boy struggle to stop a strong flow, he sighed, he shouldve just admitted that he knew Tommy needed to pee, and given him a quick break without trying to get him to say it, Tommy gave up and started squirming with an embarrassed look on his face, though the stream had already died down, but not without leaving a noticeable stain on his pants, legs, and the grass. Techo wondered if he should comfort Tommy, though he was not usually so soft on those he trained, so, he turned to the voices for advice.

"Tease him"

"E"

"Creator is furry"

"Baby!"

"Comfort him :("

"Blood for the blood god"

"im getting married on Wednesday"

"Some stole my fu-"

Techo shok his head, not listening anymore, he steadily paced forward and put a hand on Tommys shoulder, the boy looked up at him with tears in his soft blue eyes "Tommy why didnt you say you had to go? I wouldve let you stop" Techo knelt down, so he could face tommy more clearly, though he felt as if he was talking to a toddler. Tommy struggled, bits pieces of sentences being spit out before an audible one came through "I...thought..I c-could manage...my pride..." it was back to the embarrassed babbling, Techo sighed and pulled the soaked boy into a hug, not something he did often but he decided it would be better than trying to talk it out. All was still for a moment until Tommy wrapped his arms back around him and let his head lean on Techos shoulder with light sniffles, Techo decided it was best they stay like that for a few minutes, to not shatter what reliance Tommy had left...just for abit.

