College Dorm Room Line Agony

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2022-05-22 22:49

Poor, poor Katelyn. The college girl had been dying at the end of a long line in her college dorm for the one bathroom that the whole floor had to share. She had forgotten to set her alarm clock, and ended up waiting in a huge line of twenty other girls.

“Son of a bitch!” Katelyn said. Her hands went on her hips when she started, but over the course of a couple hours as one girl after the other used the bathroom, Katelyn’s discomfort turned into compete physical agony and emotional panic. For even though she was at the front of the line, her legs were crossed right in her gray sweatpants, barefoot, and hunched over with her arms crossed in her black and red t shirt. Her black hair hanged out straight down but a little messy. She was breathing in and out quickly as the pulses in her full bladder felt like punches from a boxer.

“Come on come on come on!” Katelyn squealed. “Eeeeeee I can’t hold it in much longer!”

“What’s going on here?” Said Nicolette, who approached. Nicolette was a tall girl and had the body every girl wanted and every guy admired. She has tan skin and long brown hair. For her morning attire she stood there in white short shorts and a black robe. She was tapping her foot and bouncing. “Are you waiting for the bathroom?”

“Y…yeah,” Katelyn struggled to say through her pain. She took in a deep breath as a huge pulse that was so much worse than the rest came inside of her. The poor girl really was in agony. “I….I…I’ve been waiting a while.”

“Well I’m next,” said Nicolette who pushed Katelyn aside and almost caused her to lose control of her insides. “I have to pee like a t-Rex!”

“What?!” Said Katelyn. “N-No way. I have to go really really bad too!” She tried stepping back in front of Nicolette, but was pushed aside. She held her crotch, shoving her fingers deep inside her pussy bouncing. “Ok, dude, I really have to go, this isn’t funny. Move!”

Nicolette stood there with her lustful long legs crossed and toes curled. She bit her lip bouncing as well. “I’m literally about to explode. I am NOT going to pee myself!”

“Oh but it’s ok if I do?”

“I don’t really care honestly! When they open that door I’m going in!” Nicolette knocked hard. “Hey, hurry the hell up and get out. I’m dying!”

“Oh no oh no oh no!” Said Colleen who came around the corner in nothing but her black bra, panties and glasses. She had her blonde hair tied in a bun. “Is there seriously a line?” She was bouncing and holding herself.

“Yeah and I am freaking next!” Said Kate, shoving Nicolette who pushed back. “Nicolette! This isn’t a joke, I’m about to freaking explode! I’m going in there the hell next!”

“Guys, I actually really really really need to go first!” Said Colleen whose eyes watered from deep panic.

“Hell no!” Kate and Nicolette said in unison as they continued to shove one another.

Kate grasped her arms around a Nicolette’s waist and squeezed. Nicolette’s bladder felt like a knife was stabbing into it and screamed.

“Get off! Get off!” She yelled. “You’re gonna make me pee myself.”

“I’m going to go to the bathroom in my pants if you don’t move!” Kate said. She pulled and pulled as Nicolette grasped the door knob but lost her grip. Kate pulled her away, but Colleen snuck to the front dancing around feeling physically sick from her bathroom needs. “Colleen no way! I’m next I said!”

Colleen danced from foot to foot while biting her lips. She moaned. “I really cannot hold it much longer!” She closed her eyes and locked her knees together as a huge spasm passed through her, sending a chill up her spine as she felt she might lose control. Her legs crossed. “I have to pee! Please!” She started to bang on the door. “Please! Please! I can’t hold it much longer!”

Nicolette elbowed Kate in the jaw. She tried shoving Colleen out of the way, but the poor blonde pushed her body against the door as if they were attached as one. With her legs crossed she only managed to kick Nicolette off her a bit using her hips to add some force. But Nicolette’s tall body and muscle gave her the advantage.

“Colleen!” Nicolette said and grunted. She was starting to breathe heavy. “Move right freaking now!” She banged on the door . “And whoever is in there GET THE FREAK OUT NOW! WERE ABOUT TO FREAKING PISS OURSELVES OUT HERE!”

“We’re dying!” Colleen said through her tears and squirming.

Katelyn was on her knees on the ground, holding her aching body up with her hands barely. She was shaking as the agonizing bladder pulses that had become earthquakes feeling as if geysers of urine would shoot out of her sides. Like Colleen who cried, Katelyn’s eyes watered, losing hope as people other than the three girls walked in the hall, some giggling at the predicament. This couldn’t happen. NO! She could NOT wet her pants like a lesser person. She would never be able

To face people in this dorm again. THIS COULD NOT HAPPEN!

Katelyn pulled herself up on the wall, shaking, barely hanging on. Colleen was wailing back and forth sticking her fingers inside of herself causing a slight orgasm. Nicolette held on to herself and went to the door kicking it. She HAD to get in.

“Open the door NOW!” Nicolette yelled, still kicking. Finally, the door opened, and when all three girls almost lost themselves, they looked inside shocked that it was empty.

That’s when Kate realized, she was in so much agony when she by herself she was twisting around and closing her eyes. Maybe the last girl left and shut the door without Kate noticing! She could have had relief from her explosive bladder this whole time! All three poor girls stood in disbelief, that they fought, moaned, cried and dealt with agonizing pain and terror for sooooo long when they could have been free!

“Me first!” Nicolette said.

“No me!” Said Kate.

They both were at the toilet pushing each other side. Colleen danced in the doorway holding herself and turning red, her knees turned inwards. Seeing the toilet, all of this was too much, and she just could not hold it in any longer.

“Oh…my…guys…” Colleen cried. “NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”

Colleen’s bladder exploded, pee gushing out of her so hart her panties fell down exposing herself. Yellow sizzling pee getting everywhere, flooding the ground around them. Colleen had tears falling down her face as she was so humiliated, she ran off, leaving the other two to fight and suffer at what they saw.

To be continued

