Trigger (a hypnosis story)

Author: Metal Gear

*000*2017-04-23 06:21

Part 1

Zoe was excited and nervous for her first day of college. Being home schooled she had never learned how to fully interact with kids her own age, so college at the time seemed like a fantasy. "You got this, you got this, you got this" she said to herself. Wearing some red leggings and a black hoodie, she had dressed for the purpose of blending in, plus dressing for comfort was not something school she would ever give up. As she sat at the desk she noticed the other students were much older than her. The clock struck 12 and the professor walked in with a confused look on his face. "Excuse me, what is your name?" The whole class stared at Zoe and her anxiety began to take shape. "Zoe sir, I mean Zoe. I'm new, I mean I am a freshmen." The professor walked up to Zoe angrily.

"Zoe, you have the wrong class, this is for juniors. You have wasted our time, and you are now late to your own class. Get out!" The professor smacked her desk which made Zoe jump with fear. Running out of the class she began to have a panic attack. "No, no, no. Dammit I can't breathe." Zoe shut the door with a slam and began to breathe heavily with tears in her eyes. "I should skip today I don't think I can take coming in late, but this is all wrong. Stupid, stupid Zoe!"

Having sat on the bench for about 15 minutes Zoe noticed something on the bulletin board.

{{: 

Quote

Free hypnosis Therapy

Local student is looking for subject to practice hypnosis on. Will help try to cure mental disorders, laziness, or what ever you may need. Please call 508-xxx-xxxx

}}

Zoe quickly reached for her cellphone and began to call. "Hi excuse me, is his the free hypnosis therapy number?"

"Oh, wonderful! Hold on a second let me put something down. I'm so glad you called I didn't think I would have any takers." Zoe explained her situation, her anxiety and what she was hoping to accomplish. "This is perfect, come on by, my apartment is right next to the science building. I'm number 302, I can't wait to get started. My name is Roland, I'm very much looking forward to meeting you."

She had made it to Roland's apartment, a simple apartment with children's toys scattered about. Roland quick speaks "please forgive the mess. My daughter is a bit of a handful and we weren't originally expecting company."

"It's alright, I'm just glad you are seeing it such short notice. How old is she?"

"Chloe will be 4 in about a week now. She's taking a nap right now in the back. Would you like to get started, please lay down on the table." She slowly climbed up on the table and laid her head on the pillow. The table was a normal dinner table with a sheet over it but Zoe was small enough that it wasn't a problem. Roland closed the window covers and dimmed the lights. He began to light a candle that was placed next to her head. Roland began to speak "I want you to take 3 deep breaths, and as you exhale I want you to think about falling into total relaxation, right now just breathe." Roland had begun a musical tape that put her deeper into the hypnosis. She took the first breathe and a wave of relaxation hit her. She took a second breathe and she could feel herself drifting into another world. By the third breathe she was completely taken into the hypnosis.

Roland began to speak "From here on out every word I say to you is absolute truth. I want you to repeat them word by word as I say them. And when ever you hear the word "trigger" or say the word "trigger" you will physically and mentally prepare yourself to what I'm about to tell you. Is that understood." Zoe immediately responds in her deep state "I understand."

"You will not let anxiety take over your life." Zoe repeats "I will not let anxiety take over my life."

"You choose to feel comfortable around others."

"I choose to feel comfortable around others."

"You love myself, and you will forgive your mistakes."

"I love myself and I will forgive my mistakes."

"I...." Roland stops and hears his daughter crying. He rushes to his daughters bedroom while Zoe remains in the hypnotic state.

"It's okay to wet your bed" Roland tells his daughter. Zoe responds "It's okay to wet my bed."

"Accidents happen to everyone, it's alright."

"Accidents happen to everyone it's alright." Roland hugs his daughter "Peeing yourself happens, it's what you do." Zoe begins to relax her bladder. "Peeing myself happens, it's what I do". Zoe begins to relax her bladder, as minor drops begin to come into her underwear. The warmth feels so good to her even in this state, she begins to relax even more. Slowly a small stream begins to spread the warm pee into her underwear. A small dot appears on her red leggings as the pee begins to fill, and slowly but surely the pee the stream becomes a flood. She begins to overflow with pee, coming down her pants onto the table and the back of her hoodie. The power of her pee spread through the legs and create a large puddle under her, that begins to drip onto the floor. Roland laughs with his daughter "Your always be daddy's little bed-wetter and he'll always love you for it". Zoe repeats "I'll always be daddy's little bed-wetter and he'll always love me for it."

I plan to continue to update this, I have alot of places I can take it. Extra thanks to HypnoMangaEditor for Manga Manips and A Taste of Her Own Medicine as they inspired me to make this. Keep me updated if you guys like what I got so far. Thank you.

*005*2017-04-30 19:39

I super appreate the critcism. Part 2 will be a while coming as I'm trying to spend more time on it. But without comments like this I wouldn't get better. It'll be awhike before you see it popup but like I can't thank you enough for writing this.

