Four years on Omo.org. 4 times in four days (part 1)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2022-02-24 00:04

4 times in 4 days

Part 1

Anya gained great satisfaction as a mentor for young adults. It had its fair share of challenges, like all jobs, but getting to the root causes of someone’s difficulties and helping them morph into an employable citizen with the necessary skills to succeed and live independently brought her so much pleasure. It took time, often up to six months with each client group, but the achievement of hearing that some of them went on to college or gained employment, or in some cases went on to live by themselves or move in with girlfriends or boyfriends or house mates, always made her heart beat stronger and her smile that bit wider.

While some of her older female colleagues often mothered the clients and the older men even fathered them at times Anya, being younger, often found herself being chatted up or eyed up by many of the male clients. She was only in her late twenties, dressed professionally and her long black hair and darker skin drew attention to her quickly. Yet Anya held her own and was respected by clients and colleagues alike. So when in the weekly meeting she suggested taking some of her current group out on 1-1 trips in order to connect better with them by exploring their personal interests her requested was granted easily. She could hold her own and was more than capable of risk assessing and keeping herself and any clients safe.

So on her first of four days spent with clients doing activities of their choosing Anya found herself picking up TJ in her car and heading out to the country for a day of bird spotting. Fully organised with a picnic, a blanket, warm clothing, a flask of warm tea and even some binoculars she’d found packed away in a cupboard, Anya was looking forward to getting to know TJ better and finding out what made him tick. TJ knew exactly where to go and directed Anya to a hideout about a miles walk from the nearest car park and they settled in for a morning of watching birds.

At first TJ was on edge, put off by Anna’s presence and concerned she might disturb him, but after an hour or so he began to relax more when Anya poured out her first flask of tea and TJ opened a can of soda and they both took a break from bird sporting to chat. TJ spoke with a passion Anya hadn’t heard before and she was impressed by his knowledge and eye for detail. Before long they were both peering out the hideout as TJ whispered about what they could see now and Anya actually found herself enjoying the quietness and peace of hiding out and watching the wild birds.

They paused again for lunch with Anya impressed that TJ had organised his own food and they chatted more over their food as TJ revealed more about his previous troubles and began slowly opening up more to his mentor. Anya finished her flask of tea and put it away beginning to wonder how much longer they might stay hidden away as she found her bladder slowly filling and wondering what she might do about it. TJ drank another can of something with his lunch but before they resumed watching again he casually said he was popping out the hide for some fresh air and Anya nodded thinking nothing if it. The hideout was cramped and cold and she could easily understand why anyone would want some air. She’d have got some herself had it not been for the fact she was warm under her blanket and wanted to tidy away her lunch stuff back into her bag.

TJ returned keen to get back to seeing what was going on now with the wildlife he was so fascinated with and Anya picked up her binoculars and started watching too, her concentration beginning to wane though as her bladder filled more and more. Changing position to try and stay comfortable TJ looked at her disdainfully as the slight noise she made clearly caused him some offence.

“Shhh. You’re frightening them away! Sit still please!”

Anya felt humiliated to be chastised by a client so did her upmost to compose herself feeling herself slightly embarrassed and ashamed. Unfortunately her bladder wasn’t listening though and just minutes later a strong urge made her move again. This time TJ was even less patient almost shouting at Anyaand suggesting she leave the hide out if she couldn’t stay still.

“You got ants in your pants or something?”

Anya really wanted to reply telling TJ what was wrong but was determined to calm him and stay composed instead.

“Sorry. Just a bit of cramp. Just let me stand for a bit then I’ll be fine.”

So she stood in the hide trying to focus on the birds outside but feeling her need to urinate getting more and more urgent. Why wasn’t TJ needing too? It was only then it crossed her mind that his ‘getting some air’ might actually have been to relieve himself outside. If only it was that easy for a woman, especially one in in a skirt and tights and smart jumper! She resolved to not mention her need to her client hoping he’d feel the desire to leave soon enough anyway.

3pm came and went and Anya was really struggling now. The hide was chilly, sending cold air right up her legs, and staying still for more than a few minutes was pretty much impossible. She screwed her toes up in her flat shoes, tensed her thighs and slowed her breathing deliberately. She had to wait. It was just one of those things. Besides TJ had now whispered an apology since he was distracted by some new bird he’d seen and getting excited at what it was doing. At least with his eyes stuck firm to his binoculars he couldn’t see that Anya had her legs crossed and was biting her lip. Whispering so as not to scare the birds away Anya decided enough was enough. She was bursting for the loo and still needed to drop TJ home before she herself could get home to a bathroom. Even leaving now she doubted she could make it home dry.

“TJ do you think we ought to call it a day? Maybe head home?”

“You’re kidding right? Can’t you see what I can? Look! I’m not leaving now. Not when it’s just getting exciting. But we need to stay quiet ok! This is important to me. You wanted to come.”

It’s true she had wanted to come and it had been a good day so far but now things had changed and staying, for her at least, wasn’t much of an option. She really really had to pee! Maybe it was time to fess up and just tell TJ? Whispering so as not to cause more disturbance Anya shook her leg then stepped quietly from foot to foot.

“I know. It’s just…”

TJ was facing away from her, binoculars at his eyes, and she really was desperate now having been needing to go since lunch time hours ago. Assuming he would be none the wiser she pressed against her skirt into her crotch in the vain hope it might help. Her movements startled TJ who sighed, turned to look right at Anya then gasped.

“You don’t…you aren’t needing…”

“I’m sorry TJ. I know I promised to spend the full day with you but I just really need to find a toilet. Could we call it a day maybe?”

“Just go pee outside. It’s what I do. Just be super quiet though won’t you. Don’t scare them away whatever you do.”

Anya reddened. What? Pee outside where anyone nearby might see her? Absolutely not! She was a lady, a professional woman. That was out of the question!

Still whispering Anya looked down at her own feet embarrassed.

“It’s not that easy TJ. Not for a woman. I can’t do that. Please can we go.”

TJ turned from where he was engrossed watching birds, looking frustrated and almost angry.

“Ten minutes? Please. There’s a hawfinch just flown onto that tree. See? There! You know how rare it is to spot one of those? I’m not going until she flies away. Seriously. This is like gold dust. Please?”

Against her better judgement Anya nodded though she knew that ten minutes right now would feel like an eternity. As quietly as she could she sat back down on the plastic folding chairs she’d brought with her wrapping her blanket over her legs and squirming underneath. Still seriously bursting she pulled her elasticated skirt wider at the waist and slid a hand in to rub her underwear over her tights as silently as she could. Pressing and rubbing helped but the second she stopped her bladder sent such strong signals that she had to lean forwards on the chair and gasp. TJ looked at her with a look of annoyance as Anya whispered embarrassed.

“I’m desperate. Sorry!”

“Just go here then. Just be quiet ok!”

What? Pee in a hideout with a male client in the same tiny space? Was he crazy? But this was bad. Really bad. And sitting how she was she was practically masturbating herself under the blanket desperately trying not to pee herself. There was no way she could drive like this, in fact she couldn’t even stand to get to her car right now! Squirming on the chair even more than before she moaned quietly trying to hold back the torrent of liquid screaming to be released. TJ just kept staring excitedly out at the birds tutting quietly under his breath clearly annoyed at Anya.

Another twinge from her bladder and Anya felt a dribble leaking into her knickers as she gasped quietly. She had to do something…NOW! As quietly as she could, keeping her hand down inside her skirt for security, she stood up as best as she could, hung the blanket over the back of the chair to get at least some privacy then hobbled behind the plastic chair, pulled her skirt up as much as possible, bent down on her knees and relaxed.

At first her urine ran down her leg softly and quietly like even it was afraid of disturbing the birds that TJ was so captivated by but then, outside of anything she could now control, a long hissing strong flow pushed through the gusset of her knickers and tights and formed a thick stream pouring out of her body onto the floor of the lookout. The noise was unmistakable in the silence, her shame palpable. TJ didn’t turn despite how obvious it was that Anya was peeing as Anya finally felt relieved, though hugely embarrassed, as she pulled her shoes off, poured out urine from them, then slid her wet tights and knickers down tossing them into a corner hoping they would somehow disappear never to be seen again.

Making herself dignified by slipping her shoes back on her bare feet and wiping down her skirt Anya walked as silently as she could back to her plastic fold up chair as if nothing had happened. Minutes later TJ turned back, his binoculars back down around his neck, his face calm but happy.

“It flew away. Shame. I’m going to come back though. Maybe see if my dad will drop me back on Friday. I loved this by the way. Thanks for coming. Did you see that hawfinch? I so need a better camera you know. Could really have done with one of those today.”

“You know TJ if you let me help you prepare for interviews you could easily get a good job that pays enough to buy a good camera in no time. You’d be such a great employee with your concentration, eye for detail and organisation skills. We just need to work a bit on your CV but you honestly could get a job really soon.”

“You actually think so? I could get a wage and buy myself a camera? That’s quite awesome don’t you think. Would you help me, with the CV and interview stuff? I’d really like that.”

“Deal. When you come into the centre next week we’ll start work right away. Now let’s get you home before it’s too dark to see our way back to the car. A hawfinch…I’ll look that up on google tonight. Quite a day for us both I think.”

“Aye. I’ll not forget this Anya. Thanks again.”

*002*2022-02-25 12:42

Second one of this coming later today where Anya spends a full day with another client.

*004*2022-02-25 22:32

Part 2

The next day Anya was excited to pick up Ishaan, the oldest of her current client group but a complex quiet young man who she had yet to really feel she had made much progress with. Picking him up from what she assumed was his parents house they set out for his day of choice and she was excited to hopefully get a chance of getting to know him better and helping support him more.

Today was another outdoors day and once again she had her lunch and flask of tea ready, her fold up chair and trusted blanket, and they headed to a quiet river for a full day of fishing, an activity Anya knew little about but which she was looking forward to none the less. Ishaan quietly but ably chose a flat area and helped Anya set up the two fold up chairs she’d brought before pulling his fishing gear out of her car boot and setting it up. Anya watched as he carefully bated his rod, tossed it professionally into the river then sat back and waited.

Anya felt it important to take things slower with Ishaan so sat quietly enjoying the way the river wound it’s way around the countryside and watching birds that she knew CJ would have been delighted to see after yesterday. Beginning to relax with her blanket over her knee she reached into her bag and drank her first cuppa from her flask as Ishaan watched quietly.

“My foster dad does that you know.”

“Your foster dad?”

“Yeah. The new one. The one I go fishing with. Always brings a flask of coffee with him.”

It’s the first Anya knew of Ishaan’s past but by the time she’d filled her flask lid for a second time Ishaan had already shared about his Indian mum bringing him to England for a better life and how his dad kept promising to come over too but never did. Then how his mum had went back to Indian when he was 6 to see his dad, leaving him with his aunt, but how his aunt got sick and the next thing he knew he was taken away and put into care.

“At first I went to live with this older woman. She made me chicken nuggets and chips on my first night. I always remember that. But she was white and they explained she was just an emergency foster carer or something and within 6 weeks I was moved again to a black couple out of town. I had to move schools and I hated it. Got bullied and stuff and I started wetting the bed and crying loads. They tried hard but I hated them. I wanted my mum back and had no idea why she hadn’t come back. Within months I was moved again, then again two years later when that couple split up. I’ve been in my current place 8 years thought they should have chucked me years ago you know. Every weekend my foster dad brought me here for years. He’s got a new job so doesn’t take me now but I miss it so I sometimes come myself. Calm here, ain’t it?”

Anya could feel her eyes clouding hearing Ishaan open up and reveal his difficult past as his rod finally started shaking and he slowly and carefully wound it in showing off a large fish which he delightedly told Anya all about before unhooking it and tossing it straight back into the river.

“Don’t you keep them? The fish?”

“Not now. You need a freezer box and I ain’t got one so I just let them go. Only fair thing to do really. But I get a high catching them like. Feels good.”

After rebating his rod Anya watched as Ishaan repositioned the rod back into the river again before opening a bottle of juice and drinking almost all of it at once. Anya smiled before offering her client some crisps. It was mid morning and the fresh air was making her peckish.

The next few hours passed easily and quickly as Ishaan caught another fish and let it go as before and shared more about his troubled and difficult education and how he’d ended up in the mentor service Anya worked for. It was clear his self esteem, confidence and perceived abilities were extremely low but Anya saw a young man who needed stability and care but who in the right environment could truly flourish. After they’d taken a break for lunch Anya quietly and patiently began asking Ishaan more about what he wanted to do in life and what else he enjoyed doing. To her delight he shared how he drew comics to keep busy and how he’d love to get them published. As the afternoon sun shone down on them Anya talked quietly but passionately about courses Ishaan could perhaps do at college about animation, drawing and design. Ishaan, at first dubious, began slowly asking more until Anya felt she was hooking him in just like he did with the fish.

Things seemed to be going well apart from one thing: Having finished her flask of tea and a bottle of juice with her lunch once again Anya could really feel she needed a wee, the cooler afternoon breeze not helping her situation at all. She only hoped Ishaan might be needing himself and perhaps they could finish a little earlier than planned. Certainly there was nowhere around nearby she could go and with the embankment being so exposed right along either side she wasn’t sure Ishaan would risk going anywhere outside either. As Anya crossed her legs under her blanket she looked at Ishaan wondering how to broach the subject but just then his rod twitched and his excitement increased at the prospect of yet another catch.

As Ishaan stood to pull the rod in Anya decided standing might help too as she pulled herself up from the fold down chair not realising how cold it was without the blanket and how full she truly was. Moving around to flex her stiff legs she looked in every direction wondering where she might find a bathroom but there just wasn’t anywhere nearby at all.

“What do you think of maybe heading back now Ishaan?”

“I can’t. Sorry. Krishna and Kudzai aren’t home yet. I didn’t think to bring my key. Assumed we’d be out until the mentor thing finished at the usual time.”

Anya checked her watch. It was only just after 3 now but the mentoring service Ishaan mentioned didn’t close until 5! She should have told him that he might be back earlier today but just never thought. Sitting back down she tried getting comfortable again by crossing her legs but just the thought now of having to wait over two hours sent spasms from her bladder. She’d have to think of something, and quick!

“It’s good they let you stay on. So many of the young folk we end up seeing in thr service are care leavers whose plans fell apart early on.”

As he once again bated the rod and cast it into the river having thrown the live flapping fish back in Anya is delighted at how easily he now talks to her even turning his chair a little more to face her.

“I pay them digs like. Not much because benefits are crap. I’d rather move out to be honest. Freedom and that. But I’ll probably get deported to India at some point so no point moving.”

“Why would you get deported Ishaam? If you’re in the care system that won’t happen.”

“But I ain’t in care now am I?”

“No but they can’t deport you. You’re a British citizen. You’ve lived here all your life pretty much. Unless you want to go to India that is?”

Ishaan sighed then proceeded to tell Anya about his thoughts of finding his mum one day and how he felt he couldn’t move on without at least knowing why she never came back for him. Desperate to help her client Anya used her phone to get as much details of the woman as Ishaan knew to see what she could do, never promising anything just in case. She really wanted to help Ishaan but equally she could hardly sit still now as her body screamed at her to go to the toilet.

Checking her watch it was now just 3:30 and she was just thinking of maybe suggesting going somewhere for a coffee to warm up (and use the ladies!) when suddenly Ishaan stood up looking red faced and embarrassed.

“Emmm Anya…would you mind taking something back to your car or something?”

“Are you wanting to go now? I was just going to suggest we maybe went for a coffee somewhere. It’s certainly cooling down now isn’t it.”

She noticed he casually slipped a hand into his pocket.

“Just maybe take something to the car like? Anything. You can come back in in 5 minutes. I just…need a break that’s all. Legs getting sore sitting. Yeah. Just that.”

Worried Ishaan might run off having suddenly realised all he’d said to her Anya looked suspiciously at the young man.Moving again on her seat, aware her wriggling must be obvious to her client, she now stood moving from foot to foot anxiously.

“I’m not meant to leave you. You’re not going to smoke anything or take anything are you? What about we walk back with the stuff together? As lovely as it is here this river is…chilly now. What do you think?”

“Look I just want a few minutes to think, ok? Please?”

Aware she’s really hit a nerve with the thought of searching for his mum Anya folded the chairs, put her bag on her shoulder and walked back to the car turning as Ishaan walked closer to the river. Suddenly panicked she shouted over to him.

“You’re not going to…”

“No! Just give me five minutes! Please!”

Worried about his state of mind Anya marched quickly to her car, throwing the chairs and bag into the boot then headed back down seeing Ishaan standing right at the edge of the river his rod still in the water and both hands in front of him doing something. Scared he might jump in she raced quickly towards him as quietly as possible despite really needing to pee, but then as she could see him and almost touch him she suddenly stopped seeing what he was doing and feeling so embarrassed she turned around. It was so wrong to watch a client peeing and even harder knowing how bursting she herself was but unable to do what Ishaan was freely able to. Walking briskly back to her car she got into the drivers seat pressing a hand between her own legs and squeezed herself hard with her hand up her dress against her tights and underwear.

Her second day out with a client and the second time this week she was absolutely desperate to wee!

As she heard Ishaan approaching she quickly removed her hand and flattened her dress back down having to squeeze her muscles so tight and wriggle in the drivers seat. Ishaan opened the passenger door and quietly and politely asked if he could put his fishing gear in the boot.

“Of course. It’s unlocked. Just press the button in the middle.”

Back in the car Ishaan belted up while Anya started the vehicle.

“McDonald’s ok? There’s one not too far from here”

Ishaan nodded as Anya pulled out the car park and towards the main road pleading with her body to hold on until she could get to a bathroom. As she joined the main road towards town Ishaan quietly apologised.

“Sorry I was sharp earlier. I just really needed 5 minutes alone.”

“It’s ok. I should have realised. So…what do you reckon about maybe finding a college course? I’ll still help you look for your mum but it might just keep your mind off things a bit? Help you feel better.”

“I suppose.”

“I think you’d love it. You have so much potential Ishaam. Honestly you do.”

Anya was so bursting but she couldn’t let Ishaan see as she wriggled at every red light and bit her lip nervously as the pressure between her legs intensified by the second. Finally seeing McDonald’s she indicated to come off the road towards the cut off and found herself stuck at lights yet again! Longing for relief, which was almost in sight, she gasped as another wave of urgency threatened to burst her bladder. She couldn’t help but rub her belly as the weight of all the liquid inside her ached to get out.

“What do you fancy then? Tea? Coffee? Cold drink? My treat.”

“Cola is fine thanks.”

Finally parking as close to the entrance as possible Anya turned the engine off and looked at her client. There was absolutely no way she could stand in a queue and order before using the ladies. She would be lucky to make it as it was. She just needed to somehow say this to her young client who had already relieved his own bladder back at the river. Just the thought made her vagina throb in need.

“Ishaan I hope you don’t mind but I really really need to visit the ladies. I can give you money to order if you don’t mind? Or you can wait for me to get back?”

Ishaan turned to look at Anya.

“That’s why my current foster mum won’t come fishing. My foster dad said she came once, spent the whole day reading a book then complained she needed to pee for ages and ended up wetting herself. I never understood why until I nearly did it myself today. That’s why I needed you away. I was practically pissing myself I had to go so bad.”

“I didn’t know. Sorry. God this is so embarrassing but I’ve been bursting for absolutely ages. You’ll need to excuse me. I’ll get you inside ok?”

Anya wriggled even more in the seat as she opened the car door and tried to climb out. At least Ishaan knew now, regardless how embarrassing it was. But getting out was so hard having been so desperate for so long and as another spasm hit Anya grabbed herself right in front of Ishaan.

“No! No! Ohhhh God!”

As casually and calmly as you like, facing the front and not even glancing at his mentor, Ishaam very matter of factly, quietly whispered.

“We could always just do the drive through?”

Wether it was the sheer pressure, the amount of liquid inside her, the sheer length of time holding or the way Ishaan just said it like it was a foregone conclusion Anya didn’t know but she suddenly laughed causing a long spurt of pee to burst out unstoppable as she gasped then pulled the car door back closed. She’d never make it. Not now.

With her head in her hands she breathed naturally and quietly feeling the seat warm more and more around her bottom and pants. She’d made it all this way to somewhere with a bathroom finally, yet here she was releasing the full contents of her exhausted bladder in her own car right in front of a client! She sat there silently for a minute even after her pee was all out her thoughts disturbed only by the voice beside her.

“Can I change my mind? I think I’d like a macchiato if that’s ok?”

Anya looked up smiling.

“You let me look at college courses with you and I’ll buy you anything you like. How does that sound?”

“Deal! I’ll have a doughnut too if they’ve got any.”

*005*2022-02-28 23:56

Part 3

Anya was nervous by the Wednesday. Even just thinking back to the previous two days made her blush. Yes she’d got to know her clients so much better and now had a plan in place to help them both but at what cost? On the Monday she’d had to pee in a tiny hideout through her knickers and tights as she couldn’t wait any longer and just yesterday she’d soaked herself in her own car. It had taken hours to fully dry the seat and even now Anya was sure Gabe would still smell the lingering scent of her stale pee. Ishaan had eaten his doughnut and drank his macchiato without saying a word but Anya had felt so much shame and remorse she dreaded seeing him again on Monday.

But today was all about Gabe and she was determined today would go better. She pulled into the numbered space in the car park for his flat and texted him. Gabe stood out in the current group, his diagnosis of Aspergers obvious and his lack of social skills and vulnerability both a frequent cause of friction. If any of the clients would gain from a day of 1-1 with her it would be Gabe.

He appeared at the main door very overdressed as if he was attending a funeral or an interview but this was Gabe all over. Formal clothing, formal speech and formal social niceties too. As he waved politely he then got into the car immediately shaking Anaya’s hand and thanking her for her time. It was sweet and child like but also clumsy and almost funny but Anya returned the shake then smiled.

“So I think I can guess where we’re off to today.”

Everyone knew Gabe’s passion. He talked about it non stop to everyone having no idea he was boring many people to the core. Soon after Anya was paying crazy money to park in the National car park in the city centre and watching Gabe almost shake with excitement at just the thought of entering the city train station. At least here, Anya thought, getting access to a bathroom wouldn’t be an issue. As an added bonus she could even get a hot meal or at the very least sandwiches from the WH Smith shop.

Gabe practically ran to the first platform, his iPhone in his hand flapping excitedly. In her pleated skirt, blouse and black flats Anya walked quickly behind, her handbag swaying as she walked. Gabe gasped at the sight of the train, his phone snapping numbers on the engine, and wheels, windows and logos from a distance. He was blocked from actually getting any closer by two ticket inspectors allowing Anya to catch up. Gabe was anxious, stressed and agitated by the time Anya got to him so she carefully explained to one of the inspectors who graciously looked at Gabe and waved them through. Gabe almost fainted just touching the train talking so fast Anya could hardly make out a word. This was Gabe all over and explained why he was part of the mentoring service and why he struggled to find work or settle down. Not for the first time Anya wondered who he lived with and how they coped with his non stop talking of trains and lack of tact at times.

The morning passed by in a blur of Gabe’s voice, train announcements, moving from one platform to another, endless photos being snapped and Gabe getting more and more animated by the second. Unlike the two previous days there was no opportunity for Anya to drink coffee or tea and by lunch time she could feel a headache starting already. Thankfully Gabe was also a man of uncompromising routines and at 12 midday on the dot he froze mid sentence, looked at his feet and then into space muttering ‘lunch’ repeatedly. Anya guided him towards the main area of shops and restaurants and Gabe pointed to a busy Burger King nearby. Quieter and more anxious looking now she joined the queue with him as he muttered frequently, ‘Lunch at 12. Lunch at 12.’ The queue moved fairly quickly and Anya paid for them both to have a meal while Gabe found a table shouting over four times to ask if the one he was standing at was free or not (even while it was obvious it wasn’t!).

Anya drank her large Sprite and ate her burger offering Gabe her fries which he readily took. She really wanted to talk to Gabe but he was so single minded and focused on the food and drink she felt she’d be wasting her time. Now seemed like a good time to perhaps find a ladies before Gabe returned to more trains but Gabe was up and putting his rubbish in the bin and walking back to the announcement board before the words were even out her mouth. Gabe wasn’t going to be interrupted for anyone!

The next couple of hours went exactly as the morning had with Anya feeling this perhaps wasn’t working out as Gabe was so hyper focused anything she asked was simply ignored. He might be having fun but she wasn’t achieving anything at all, other than feeling exhausted and suffering the effects of too much sprite! Sitting on a cold bench at platform 11 she crossed her legs needing to pee and sighed. She’d be as well calling it a day and taking Gabe home when suddenly he sat down beside her pulling her arm.

“Can I go home now?”

“Sure. Of course you can. Everything ok?”

Anya looked up at him, noticing his leg bouncing and his forehead creasing.

“Madam, may Gabe please be excused?”

“Sorry?”

“Madam, please may Gabe be excused?”

It took a moment for Anya to decider what he might be meaning, his communication confusing and way too formal for the occasion. Then she looked at the awkward way he sat, his bouncing leg, his tense face. Quietly, to save his embarrassment, she leaned towards him and whispered,

“Do you need the gents?”

Anya couldn’t hide her own palpable relief that this was her chance. She’d had to pre a while now and finally she could show Gabe the gents while she used the ladies then they could drive back home both much more comfortable. Gabe nodded so Anya stood and lead him down the platform towards the main area looking for signs for the toilets. Seeing them she headed in the appropriate direction making sure Gabe was still with her. Only when they arrived did it suddenly occur to her that the toilets had a turnstile entrance requiring coins to gain entry. Sighing she turned to Gabe who was very restless and dancing around clearly desperate. She was just as desperate herself but not willing to show it as she finally got his attention to ask if he had change.

“Gabe, You need a 20p coin. Have you got one?”

“Gabe didn’t know to bring money. Gabe need excused please.”

Anya reached into her purse unsure if she had change herself. Meanwhile Gabe was getting more stressed and anxious, possibly heading for a full meltdown and Anya knew that wouldn’t be good for either of them. Finding her purse she opened it to find a pile of cards, a five pound note, some coppers and amazingly one 20p coin. Without thinking she stepped closer to the gents turnstiles, slot in the coin and pushed Gabe gently through.

“I’ll wait here for you ok?”

Gabe trotted off while Anya gazed at the sign for the ladies crossing her legs and trying not to think how close she was to relief. She’d just drive Gabe home then she’d be home herself and finally get to release all that Sprite from earlier. It couldn’t come quickly enough right now!

5 minutes later Gabe returned, back to his excited self gabbing over and over about some train and how he needed to see it. Anya sighed and put her hand up to stop Gabe running back to the platforms.

“Maybe another time Gabe. I think we should head back now ok? Another time?”

He took a minute to process but then followed Anya back out the station reluctantly towards the car park saying nothing. Only in the lift of the multi-storey building did he finally talk again as he took a huge breath then said a full paragraph without taking another.

“Today has been brilliant but you know what would make it better…you need to say yes…I know you want to…please can we go to Waterdown station on the mainline to Harrow? At 3:51 there’s a train going through that I’ve never seen. Gabe would love that.”

Anya thought about it as she walked to the car with her client. Maybe away from the city he might actually talk more, maybe this wouldn’t be such a wasted day after all. Surely Waterdown station would have a toilet she could use? It wasn’t much out of the way and worth a shot. As they got in the car she turned the engine on saying ok and watching Gabe’s excitement get more extreme almost like a little kid at Christmas.

The drive was an agonising 20 minutes for Anya with her urethra battering furiously in her knickers and her bladder aching more by the second. That large Sprite had been a bad idea even if it had warded off her headache. The first thing she’d have to do at the station was find the loo! She parked up in the almost empty car park of the country station and they got out and headed towards the quiet station which was such a contrast to the city one from earlier. Looking around immediately for a ticket office or waiting area Anya almost cried as they walked down the path only to find an unmanned station with no more that a graffitied shelter to sit in. Now what was she going to do?

Pacing the platform watching Gabe scroll through the pictures on his phone from earlier while they waited on the train passing through Anya was feeling frustrated and annoyed. She really really needed to pee but there wasn’t anywhere at all nearby where she could go! She should have bought something in WH Smith’s back at the city and git change to use the ladies there before they left! Hindsight was a great thing but of no use to Anya right now. At least Gabe seemed totally unaware of her predicament anyway.

She tried sitting in the shelter but that didn’t help. She paced again but the urge only got stronger and stronger. Still no sign of the train Gabe desperately wanted to see and still nowhere around to pee! Sitting back down again leaning forwards and cradling her stomach Anya was amazed to suddenly hear Gabe speak to her and for once not about bloody trains!

“Thank you for brining me here. Thank you for today. I wish I could get a job watching trains you know.”

Now was her chance. This is the opening she’d been waiting for all day. Her bladder would just need to wait because with Gabe moments like this were so rare you had to take them when you could.

“I wish you could get a job spotting trains too Gabe. Sadly I don’t think anyone would pay you to train spot all day even if you are amazing at it. But I have been thinking and looking into things for you. You know that’s my job don’t you? Well have you heard of the old steam railway up at Greengates? Where they do Santa trains for the kids at Christmas and Thomas tank engine days and stuff? I bet you’ve been there before loads?”

“I love it there! I go all the time with mum.”

“Well, did you know it’s all run by volunteers?”

“Wow. That’s awesome isn’t it.”

“They are always looking for volunteers Gabe. Did you know that? You know what a volunteer is, don’t you? They don’t pay but you can gain so much experience of things, get out the house away from your mum, help people who also love trains just like you, maybe make some friends too. I was wondering if you’d like me to…ffff…look into it for you maybe?”

“Yes please! Gabe work at Greengates train? Gabe would love that!”

“You know something Gabe? I seem to have left my phone in my car. Do you think you could wait here for that train you want to see while I go get it? Then we can maybe fill in a form online for you to apply? What do you think?”

“Gabe wait here by himself?”

“Just for a few…ffff….minutes. Anya be right back?”

“Ok. Gabe wait to see train, Anya go get phone to take photos like Gabe?”

It’s wasn’t quite 100% right but Anya was so bursting, so desperate to pee right then that it was enough. She nodded and forced herself to stand and run back to her car almost crying in pain as her bladder needed release so much. She suddenly had a plan. She couldn’t hold on any longer. Her body ached, her urethra trembled, her heart thudded.

Back at her car she quickly looked around to check the coast was clear, clicked her car remote to open it, opened the driver’s door, but then instead of getting inside like she should Anya hide behind the door quickly pulling up her pleated skirt, tugging her tights down and holding the damp gusset of her knickers aside before bending down on her knees and immediately peeing forcefully. God she was so bursting she wondered how she’d even managed to wait this long! Gabe had to be ok. He was a grown man, even if he was autistic. She had to leave him regardless of any risk it posed. She couldn’t have waited on the platform even another minute!

Hearing the train thunder along through the station loudly Anya finally finished peeing, pulled up her tights and brushing down her clothing, grabbing her phone from her car and racing back to Gabe who was still standing on the platform looking at his phone intently.

“You missed it Anya! You missed seeing the train!”

“I know Gabe. I know. It couldn’t be helped though, could it? Now how about you pop back to my car and we’ll apply to see if you can volunteer at the steam train place? They’d be mad not to take you on with your commitment, enthusiasm and train knowledge. Absolutely mad.”

Gabe turned from his phone scream back to Anya, taking a moment to process what she’d said then followed her back down from the platform to the car park. It was a dry day but as Gabe approached Anna’s car he paused and stared open mouthed.

“What’s the matter Gabe? You ok?”

“No! Gabe puzzled. Look Anya! Gabe worried your car is broken!”

“My car is fine Gabe. Why do you think it’s broken?”

Anya followed his gaze to the huge puddle she’d made just moments before with her pee. It did appear to have come from the car as her urine had run under the car creating the impression there might be a leak somewhere. She knew what the liquid was but there was no way she could tell Gabe.

“That’s nothing to worry about Gabe. Honestly. Don’t give it a second though.”

But Anya didn’t truly understand how Gabe’s mind worked. Indiscretion, confusion and puzzlements didn’t sit well with him. Forgetting wasn’t part of his genetic make up. For the entire half hour journey taking him home Gabe repeated over and over in the car getting more and more worked up each time.

“Gabe needs to know how ground was wet when it didn’t rain. It’s not right Anya. That shouldn’t happen. What caused it? What caused it Anya?”

Try as she might Gabe wouldn’t let it go until the strain and stress of his repetition ground poor Anya down and after the twenty sixth time of asking Anya took a deep breath and blurted out…

“Ok. Ok! The ground was wet because I peed, ok! I gave you my only 20p at the station to use the gents even though I was bursting to go myself. Then you asked to go to Waterdown Station and there wasn’t a toilet was there? What was I supposed to do. Piss myself?”

“Anya pee? It wasn’t rain? The car not broken?”

“No Gabe the car isn’t broken. I’m driving it see? And no it wasn’t rain! It was my bodily fluid because I was absolutely bursting and I was about to have an accident ok! Now you won’t tell anyone will you?”

“Anya pee. It was Anya’s pee. The big puddle was Anya’s pee!”

Anya sighed. A full bloody day of train spotting but all her client is talked about walking towards his flat was that she peed on the ground by her car because she was so desperate she couldn’t wait any longer. She had no idea who Gabe lived with but the thought of what they would be hearing about her tonight horrified her.

Tomorrow had to be better. It had to!

*006*2022-03-05 16:32

And finally part 4. Hopefully worth waiting for…

Part 4

Anya woke on Thursday determined to move on from the humiliation of the three previous days. Today was a fresh start, a new client, a different day. She hadn’t heard back from Rafael so was hoping he’d come into the centre as normal, though his attendance was rather lacklustre so there was no guarantee of that at all.

Anya arrived at the centre before 9 greeting her colleagues with a smile and going straight to make herself a tea after the morning traffic. If Rafael didn’t turn up she had plenty to be getting on with so she took her laptop to the main open entrance foyer with her tea and chose a table near the main door. Thinking back to the previous clients she’d seen she turned on her laptop and began updating records on each client and reviewing all their information. It was confidential stuff but with no sign yet of todays client she decided she could quickly save it quickly if necessary.

She’d drained her full mug of tea before Rafael sauntered in at 9:45 looking as nonchalant as ever. Anya smiled at him and after quickly saving what she was doing she minimised the screen and headed over to greet Rafael. He seemed perplexed and bemused looking for the others he normally saw in the centre before looking at Anya as if suddenly remembering her texts.

“Fancy a coffee or tea?”

“Anything cold?”

Anya walked towards the small self service area with an urn, mugs, a jug of milk and sachets of sugar and two vending machines. Pointing to one of the vending machines she smiled back at Rafael in his ripped jeans and old concert t-shirt with his long hair tied up in a man bun and his face stubbly and unshaven.

“Take your pick.”

“Tango’s fine.”

Anya loaded the machine and pressed for two tangos not wanting Rafael to feel he was the only one drinking. Returning to where she was sitting the client followed casually, looking towards the door clearly not overly keen on what might be about to happen with his mentor. The last thing Anya wanted was him disappearing again so she smiled sweetly and opened her can to sip at the ice cold liquid.

“Please don’t worry Rafael. This isn’t an assessment. In fact I had been hoping to maybe do something with you today. Go somewhere maybe? There’s no formal class today. Did you get my texts?”

Rafael nodded like even acknowledging his mentor was an effort he didn’t want to be making. Anya sensed his uneasiness and smiled more sipping more of her can and sliding Rafael’s closer to him.

“So you fucking stopping my money then? Like the rest of the bastards?”

Anya cringed. Despite erratic attendance and poor participation in the course she wasn’t about to inform the authorities about Rafael just yet. If only she could get to know him, understand him, figure out what made him feel so agnostic and frustrated with the world.

“No. Absolutely not. No-one deserves that. After all how would I feel if someone here, my boss for example, just suddenly decided I wasn’t doing enough and never paid me? This, this place, it isn’t about that Rafael. It’s about actually helping you. You do believe that don’t you?”

He shrugged in the most non committal way possible not even looking at Anya.

“Don’t trust no-one.” He muttered.

Anya sipped more of her juice noticing, finally, that Rafael had at least now opened his and began taking tentative sips. Trying to build bridges and pulling on all her training, Anya paused before replying.

“I can understand why you feel like that.”

They sat in awkward silence for a few minutes other than sips being taken from both cans of juice.

“So what you want from me?”

“Nothing more than your time today. Can you give me that?”

After a pause.

“Suppose. Got stuff on later though.”

“That’s fine. What time?”

Rafael looked up, giving Anya brief contact before muttering quietly.

“Got to be at Little Acorns at 3.”

“On Watson street?”

“Yeah”

Anya’s mind was buzzing with questions she wanted to ask, thoughts on Rafael that might suddenly explain his poor attention and attitude and his tired looking eyes, but scared he might just bolt out the door still she decided now wasn’t the time. Instead she had an idea to move away from the temptation she could sense Rafael was struggling against to leave, the double doors to the centre right behind him.

“So…fancy a game of pool in the basement? Or darts? Or I think the Wii is all set up?”

Rafael gulped the rest of his can staring at Anya.

“Suppose.”

Anya reached for her own can, gulping down its remains and quickly packing her laptop away before her client changed his mind. She swung her bag over her shoulder and smiled back at Rafael.

“Follow me.”

Down in the basement everything was set up more like a youth centre than a mentoring centre. Comfortable corner suites, coffee tables and vending machines in one corner with a wall mounted TV against another wall with computer consoles attached and a shelf for controllers. In the middle a pool table and a Karaoke machine and on another wall a dart board. Anya thought about all the funding she’d sweated tears over to get the basement like this and the numerous clients she’d subsequently brought down here. It was just one large room without even any toilets, which were all back upstairs in the main foyer, but the privacy and way it allowed her to connect with clients just like Rafael made it worth every penny and every late shift cleaning and tidying.

Rafael paused at the door. He’d been here a few times before but never alone with just his mentor. The silence made the place different but in many ways more appealing. He headed for the pool table setting it up and hitting the balls to start. Anya dumped her bag in the lounging area and headed over to join him. As they settled into the game Anya could feel her bladder reacting to the tea and can of juice but she deliberately ignored it and concentrated instead on trying to get conversation going with her client.

As the game went on she could sense Rafael relaxing a bit more and she decided to try to talk. As he leaned on the cue he finally spoke to her about having a 2 year old boy, Mohammad, who was now at nursery and having a baby daughter, Marnie, and both their respective mums. Anya, determined to only listen and not judge, carried on hitting balls and playing pool as Rafael shrugged off the fact he had got two separate woman pregnant within 3 years and paused to show Ahis mentor photos of the kids on his phone.

Finally Anya felt she could ask more, enquiring where he lived and how he was coping with being a father. Her bladder was felling fast but with Rafael opening up for the first time since he had been referred to the service months ago now wasn’t the time to be leaving the basement to go to the toilet! Rafael signed admitting finally that neither woman knew about the other and the many lies he had to spin daily to keep seeing his children and current woman. It certainly explained why he hadn’t been attending the centre like he was supposed to and why he was so stressed when he did.

Rafael easily won the game of pool but then pointed over to the Wii. Anya sat crossed legged as she watched him set up some sort of dance game, very aware of her growing need to pee but biding her time carefully so as to keep her client beside her and talking. Helping this client would be far more complicated that the previous ones but there had to be something she could do, even if it was just listening. Rafael handed her a controller and smiled.

“You any good at dancing?”

Anya laughed. She wasn’t the world’s best dancer by any means but she could pull some moves and right now being able to move and dance would most definitely help her bladder situation for sure. She let her client initiate the game then stood up, grateful to have chosen a loose dress today with tights so she could move freely. It was a copying type game and Rafael was adept at watching intently and copying the actions with ease as Anya watched him dance away happily. He was in so many ways just a young lad in his prime carrying way too much responsibility having made a few bad decisions in the past. At least with Rafael concentrating he wasn’t aware that she was changing positions on the seat and squirming more as she anxiously waited for her turn.

The watching was the hardest bit for Anya as she found standing still harder and harder now, but she brushed off her movements as just eagerness to start the dance and Rafael didn’t comment thankfully. By the time they had completed several dances they were starting to sweat, thirsty, hungry and tired.

“Anything in those machines to eat?”

“Just chocolate bars and crisps I think but I could order in something? After all we were meant to be going out somewhere of your choice. What you fancy? Pizza? McDonald’s? I made sure we had WiFi down here as the phone reception is terrible down here. Let me get my phone and you can tell me what you’d like.”

Rafael answered quickly opting for KFC which Anya ordered on her phone. He hadn’t specified exactly what he wanted so she opted for a box of chicken pieces with sides, fries and a two litre bottle of cola. The whole time she was ordering she was walking about or sitting crossed legged and generally aware that she was now bursting for the loo but feeling rather awkward about saying anything. Rafael was distracted typing the WiFi code into his phone but then he looked up at Anya, smiling for the first time.

“Thanks for this. I can’t remember chilling like this for ages. Kids are good and woman are even better but two many of both makes a man rather drained in my opinion.”

Anya couldn’t help joking back.

“Well they do say too much of anything isn’t good for you.”

It made her realise instantly that too much liquid in her own body most definitely wasn’t that good for her and that she’d really be far more comfortable excusing herself to go to the toilet.

“I suppose. But you can never get too much fried chicken. How soon is that coming? I’m famished!”

Anya checked her phone.

“20 mins apparently.”

Rafael looked up from his phone.

“Just time to thrash you at pool again then?”

“Actually I was just going to pop upstairs if you don’t mind? Keep an eye out for the food coming and…”

“You scared I’ll beat you again?”

Anya chuckled.

“Well you probably would but it’s just I was…I am…”

She didn’t want to say in front of a client even though she was very desperate for the ladies. It felt unprofessional somehow, embarrassing even, and like she didn’t want to be with her client, which wasn’t true. Looking over at the pool table and back at Rafael she wondered to herself. It was just twenty minutes, according to her phone, and then they’d stop to eat and she could easily excuse herself to pee. Twenty minutes wasn’t that much longer to wait really? Not considering she’d been needing to go for ages already.

“Ok. You’re on. I’ll show you my real abilities this time though. No holding back because I wanted you to win.”

“You reckon that’s why I won did you? Well let me show you!”

Within minutes Anya knew that she’d made the wrong decision and she was suffering the repercussions just as her client was in his relationships. But just as he was doing his best with a difficult lot she too tried her utmost to struggle on, squirming more between moves and walking about constantly. 10 minutes of this and it was clear Rafael had noticed.

“You trying to put me off? Can’t you stand still?”

Anya jumped at her client’s voice. She really should just confess how desperate her need was, how badly she seriously had to wee, how long she’d been trying to wait. But his words shook her. She had been dancing around, pacing and bouncing even when it was her turn. She couldn’t help it! She was utterly bursting now and the tingling in her privates was relentless and powerful.

“Oh sorry! I’ll…I’ll just wait over there shall I?”

Anya pointed to where she had left her bag by the vending machines and corner couch. Racing over to the area behind Rafael she sat right on the edge pressing a hand between her thighs and leaning forwards. She knew she’d be mortified if Rafael caught her but the pressure was too much, her need overwhelming. She rocked on the seat biting her lip. The thought of standing up to use a cue to hit balls now was terrifying. Gazing at the door to upstairs she could feel her cheeks blushing.

Even leaving right now she wasn’t sure she could make it up the stairs, across the open foyer and into the ladies in time. Moaning under her breath against the intense pressure she slid her hand absentmindedly between her legs pressing tightly against her throbbing urethra. Pushing forwards against her own hard hand she rocked and squirmed more, so desperate for release she momentarily forgot all about her client. Then something jolted her, a sudden voice from nowhere, a shock that reverberated right through her entire body.

“You can go now…”

Pulling her hand urgently away, her legs open and her pelvis right on the front edge of the leather couch, Anya heard the words and registered them in her mind as her body responded accordingly, urine suddenly pouring out of her exhausted body soaking through her underwear and tights and running down her recently shaven legs. With her head bowed in shame and shock seeing her tights darken on her legs but feeling a sudden euphoria from getting relief from the pressure, Anya felt a tear forming in her eye.

“Oh. I meant you can have your go at pool but…”

Anya sat there silently, her head bowed low watching her client’s feet get closer to her. Now within touching distance of her, his voice steady and clear, Anya shivered as he spoke.

“You should have said you needed the bathroom. I had my suspicions but I suppose I thought you would tell me when you were ready really. I guess we are as bad as each other. Secrets and that. Hiding stuff. I should really tell Serita about Joy and Joy about Serita. I can’t keep doing this you know. Holding back, desperate for things to be ok but knowing I’ve probably left it all too late. Can I ask you…what made you not tell me you were bursting?”

“Pride. Embarrassment. Worried you’d leave.”

“Oh. I thought as much. Same stupid reasons I’ve been keeping quiet too. You’ll be ok though won’t you? No-one else needs to know like, do they? I could you know…go wait for the food and that while you get…you know…sorted. And after I’ve had food is it ok if I go? Joy, the woman I’m living with, Marnie’s mum, she’ll be home like and I think I need to tell her where I go three afternoons a week. She thinks I’m here but that’s when I see Mohammad after nursery. I left Serita but she thinks I’m back with my parents. She doesn’t know about Joy or Marnie. I think it’s time I grew up Anya. I mean there’s only so much we can take, right? Accidents and stuff…they happen to us all at times, don’t they?”

Anya nodded. This wasn’t exactly how she expected her time with Rafael to turn out but then maybe this was exactly what he needed: to see that everyone struggles at times, we all find ourselves in difficult situations at times and that it’s always best to tell the truth…even in something as basic as needing to pee.

*008*2022-03-05 21:46

{{2 hours ago, stinklerus said:

Thanks for this. It was definitely worth the wait!

}}

Thank you.

*011*2022-03-06 14:51

{{1 hour ago, SoBursting said:

I really liked the normality of her situation, to be needing to pee midday and desperate at 3 having not gone previously that day would be normal for many, it’s not like it’s 8 pm and she’s been bursting all that time that’s unrealistic, if she had the opportunity she would have gone much earlier, loved it.

}}

Absolutely and after a mug of tea and a can of fizzy juice the majority of us would really want a bathroom break too!

*013*2022-03-08 10:43

{{8 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

This is one of the best story series I read here, because it was so well written and professional. And more than anything, I learnt a lot about people with special needs. My favourite one was Gabe's story, because I have special interest in autism people because I dated an autistic (Asperger's syndrome) boy for some short time in my life. However his condition was much much better than Gabe. He was an engineer with a good salary and planning to start his own business soon.

He is a very very intelligent guy and he didn't struggle much in his life, except for interpersonal relationships. But being in a relationship with him was really difficult. However he had a very good understanding about his own condition. I think Asperger's syndrome (of autism spectrum) people can spend a normal life because it's high functioning autism. Furthermore it can be a blessing to have Asperger's syndrome because they are gifted people with high intellect. Even Elon Musk admitted that he has Asperger's syndrome.

%https://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-57045770

According to some facts I found in Internet, it is suspected that Einstein too had Asperger's syndrome.

}}

Thank you. My ex husband was autistic and my day job links to autism in many ways so I have vast experience which I hoped made this series more believable. Thank you for your very kind comments.

*015*2022-03-08 11:42

{{24 minutes ago, SoBursting said:

I like the way you girls exchange comments on high end intellectual subjects while all us guys want to see is a lady peeing through her fingers lol, brilliant...

Seriously it’s a big part of the characters charm/attraction.... her professionalism... but we all need to pee...

}}

Exactly! Regardless what your status in life, your wage packet or title there’s not one of us who doesn’t need to pee regularly. It’s just some of us enjoy reading and writing about it more than others lol

