Tales From A Student House

Author: MiraOMO

*000*2023-04-11 16:12

Hi All - it's been awhile since I've posted a story (or completed one for that matter). HOWEVER, I'm determined to get this one completed over the next few months!

I'm assuming this will have between around 5-10 Chapters, but it could be more, I'll see how it goes - the chapters are quite long though!

Anyways, I do hope everyone enjoys them! AND feel free to comment any feedback, always looking for ways to improve and source new ideas!

Tales From A Student House

CHAPTER 1: A DATE

Being honest, I wasn’t a fan of ‘dates’; don’t get me wrong, I’d been on a few but they never seemed to live up to expectation. I wasn’t a loner, and during my time at university, I’d been on a handful, and had a couple of one-night stands, not that I’m not proud of them, the girls seemed hot at time (fuelled by alcohol), but I knew that silly fun couldn’t go on forever - I’d just turned twenty-one after all. So, as I left my student house on a cold February Tuesday evening, I had the same sense of dread come over me, like it was going to be another boring night.

Maria and I had been talking for about ten days, which was pretty good going for me, and long enough to arrange a date. I was a bit skeptical because she was a second year, and myself a third-year with only four months left, so I did wonder if there was any point of starting anything, but her conversation over text had been great, so I thought ‘why not’. I was about six-foot, herself five-foot seven, which seemed a good balance and she studied bio-med, so I knew she had a certain level of intelligence. After studying law for nearly three years, I had become a book hermit so it would be nice to chat with someone about something else for once.

Her house was a five minute walk from mine, just a little further down the hill towards the university and town-centre. We’d agreed to walk into town together and get a few drinks, seeing where the night would take us afterwards. I wouldn’t say I was having a dry spell, but part of me did hope she’d want to come back after the date, those moments before you decide you’re going to fuck each other always did get the adrenaline rushing - and trust me, after January exams, I needed something to make me feel normal again. It’s definitely not humane to spend twelve hours a day in the library working.

I arrived at her house about ten minutes early, which I thought was respectful enough. I’d basically been twiddling my thumbs since coming back from my afternoon lecture on ‘international commercial law’ so getting some fresh air felt like somewhat of a revival. Just like myself, she lived in small terrace house, probably with four bedrooms, two small sized bathrooms and a kitchen that led-out to the back garden. As I approached the front door, I realised I wasn’t far off with my prediction.

‘Please use the back door’ …read the sign on the front door, and I obliged, dragging my feet towards the alleyway which combined the back to the front, for the row of three houses. Once in the back garden area, I took a deep breath before knocking a few times, hoping it wasn’t too long or loud. In reality, nothing like this ever mattered but my brain just over-processed everything; as you can see, even down to the door knocking. I heard a patter of footsteps and then the white wooden door swung open.

“Hey…” A respectfully attractive girl asked whilst opening the door. Instantly, I knew it wasn’t Maria because this girls hair was lighter, and her face narrower.

“Hi…?” I paused, gathering my bearings, “…I’m here for Maria…”

“Ohhh…yeahh…” The girl turned away which gave me a glimpse of her tight petite body, her blue jeans hugged her legs, as did her little white top which exposed her flat, toned stomach.

I smiled back at her, trying to avert my eyes from staring in any place I shouldn’t - especially considering this wasn’t actually my date.

“MARIA…!!!” The girl called through the kitchen loudly, “…it’s your date!!”

The girl then stepped away from the doorway, and ushered for me to come in. I politely let myself in and glanced around at the well-tidied kitchen. There was a small door located to the side which was open, and I could briefly make out a sink from where I was standing - probably a small bathroom. The other doors lead directly away from the kitchen, one which was held open by a doorstop leading to a hallway (to go upstairs), and the others closed, presumably leading to bedrooms.

“I’m Alba…” The mystery girl said with a European accent, striding across the kitchen to pick up a drink from the table.

“Alex…” I replied nervously.

“This is Maria’s room…” Alba pointed at one of the doors leading from the kitchen, before pointing at the next door along “…and this ones mine.”

“My house is basically the same…” I said, ushering myself further into the kitchen. “…although I have a room upstairs, above the kitchen.”

“Nice…” Alba replied with a smile, flicking her perfectly straightened hair down her shoulder, making sure I watched her do it.

“COMING” A muffled voice shouted, coming from inside one of the rooms.

Realising it was Maria who had shouted, Alba and I both awkwardly caught eyes. It was strange, there was a weird energy in the kitchen - something I couldn’t quite put my finger on. I felt like there was a tension between the two of us, long pauses between questions and answers, quick glances at each other, I could feel my skin starting to sweat. I really needed to snap out of it, Alba wasn’t my date.

“You going out then?” I asked, changing the subject, looking towards the alcoholic beverages which were lined up on the table.

“Yeah…” Alba replied, picking up her drink and taking a sip, keeping eye contact with me.

“…to R&B jam?” I followed, already knowing that this was the main student Tuesday night out at the union.

Before Alba had chance to reply, the bedroom swung door and Maria stumbled out in a cute black top, and jeans - with her coat in her hand.

“I’m sorry…” Maria said, catching her breath.

There was a pause.

“No worries.” I replied with a smile on my face. “…you finally ready?”

Alba let out a little laugh at my comment, which I saw fractionally in the corner of my eye.

“Yeah…let’s go!!” Maria said, as she slipped on her trainers, wrapping her arms in her coat.

The door was still slightly open from before, and Maria opened it fully, exposing us to the cold early evening air. As we both left, I caught one last glimpse at Alba, who was taking sips of her alcoholic drink, her eyes fixed on her phone. It was time for me to shift my brain, and get on Maria’s wavelength.

The walk to town was prompt and we briefly discussed each others day, it was nothing magical. I was almost definitely certain she was’t interested in hearing about my lecture, at least her afternoon in the lab studying cells sounded somewhat interesting. I was hoping once I’d had a drink, all of the nerves would go and we’d be able to chat freely. For the date, I’d decided to pick a small little cocktail bar on the outskirts of the centre, thinking it would be relatively unknown and would surprise her, however, apparently she’d been before, although she didn’t confirm if it was on another date (or just out with her friends). It left my mind wondering.

‘Two for one cocktails’ was an offer we couldn’t refuse, and we ended getting four each. I was slightly concerned about getting too drunk on the date, but after the second drink, the talking seemed to become more easy, and we’d both relaxed into it. Maria’s history was actually extremely interesting, and I enjoyed listening to her speak about her family. She’d grown up in Spain but moved to England at sixteen with her mum; who worked as a translator for a footballer, meaning quite a comfortable wage. Ironically, I knew the player (not literally) who her mum worked for, and most of the date was just me gobsmacked she got free tickets to every match - she was living the life! This is also how she’d come to live with Alba, who was also from Spain. They’d met in first year uni halls, putting the Spaniards together, but she quickly brushed over that topic and discussed more of her childhood.

Midway through my second drink, I made sure to empty my bladder. I was getting pretty desperate, and tipsy for that matter, and wanted to freshen myself up - and give my ears a break. I splashed some water on my face and planned some questions in my head, in case the conversation went dry, however I didn’t think that would be the case. After I returned I talked more about myself, studying law, and the difficulties, although I’d had it fairly easy in comparison to her (moving countries and starting a new life). I did deftly notice after our third cocktail that Maria hadn’t used the bathroom but seemed rather fidgety, obviously it wasn’t my place to say anything, but I did log the thought in my mind.

We’d been talking for just over an hour, and somehow Maria, who still hadn’t gone to use the bathroom, had finished all four cocktails before me. She teased me, saying I was a slow drinker, and in one last effort to save myself, I downed what was left in my glass - sending my head spiralling in the process. As we stood to leave, making our way out, I realised we were a lot more drunk than we thought; four cocktails in an hour was quite something. I tried my best to act as sober as possible, although I knew it never worked, and slow my thoughts down. In other news, drinking always did make me horny, as I alluded to, that’s why I ended up having one night stands. This was different though, Maria was sweet, and pretty, and had nice curves - being honest, I was hoping the date didn’t end here.

Once outside and away from the cocktail bar, Maria purposefully stumbled into me, letting me wrap my arms round her. As her rather large eyes gazed into mine, we both leaned in, firmly pressing our lips together. This, in turn, answered the questioned about not wanting the date to end. I pulled away from Maria briefly before being pulled back in.

“You’re kinda hot…” Maria slurred, her eyes beaming.

“…kinda?” I replied cheekily, pulling her closer to me.

Maria and I had only made it ten yards down the street before she pulled me in for another kiss, however as I placed my hand on her bum, she broke off unexpectedly.

“You okay? I asked, as Maria sort-of winced.

“…yeah…” Maria sighed with a pained look across her face. “…I should’ve peed at the bar.”

“We did drink four cocktails…” I remarked, before adding “…we can go back.”

Maria turned to look back at the bar and shook her head, “I’ll hold it…”

“You sure…?” It was quite obvious Maria was desperate, and I had seen her shifting in the bar which was fifteen plus minutes ago.

“…come on…” Maria demanded, grabbing my arm in the process and pulling me away.

The walk home was supposed to only take ten minutes, well, that’s what it had been on the way down. Aiming for this time on the way back though seemed impossible, for a magnitude of reasons. From past experience, whether being drunk myself, or my friends, the walk back up the hill could be up to thirty minutes, depending on the walking pace. Luckily for us, Maria seemed to be in a hurry; although that caused problems in itself.

We’d been doing fine, or should I say Maria had been doing fine, until we approached the hill that led up to the student houses. Maria had been keeping herself calm and composed, with some encouragement from me, and to the average onlooker, she may have seemed a little drunk but not desperate for a piss. That all changed in an instant as Maria’s body keeled over and she held herself against the wall.

“Fuck!” She sighed hard with a worried look on her face. “FUCK!…feel like I’m gonna piss myself…”

Without trying to make it obvious, I was sort of enjoying Maria’s ordeal, I don’t know why. The whole notion of an adult not making it to the bathroom gave me a buzz, we’d all been there at some point in life. Without embarrassing myself, I tucked my semi, now boner, in-between my jeans and belt and tried my best to console Maria.

“Your house is literally at the top…and round the corner…” I pleaded with Maria, holding her hand in the process.

“You were right…” Maria winced, her face flushed, before continuing, “I should’ve gone at the bar…”

“Come on…” I pleaded again, trying to drag her up the hill - only managing a few yards.

“I REALLY need to go…” Maria moaned, “…it literally hurts.”

“Shit…” I replied, unsure what to say. I kept my eyes down low, occasionally taking glances at Maria’s dark blue jeans.

Maria took a few steps before her eyes widened in suspense and she stopped again, “I’m gonna pee myself…shittt!”

“You’re fine…I promise…” I replied, awkwardly keeping my eyes on her jeans, in case she did actually piss herself.

The whole moment had really caught Maria out, and I was surprised just how much she must’ve been holding. It was coming up to two hours since we’d left the house, although she must not have gone for some time before that, and then add the four large cocktails we’d had. I thought back to my own release in the bathroom at the bar, why hadn’t she just gone then, it seemed the sensible thing to do.

“Its your fault…” Mara said somewhat angrily, averting her eyes away from me, “…you rushed me leaving the house…I wanted to go then.”

That answered the question then, she hadn’t gone for the past two hours, no wonder she was bursting.

Before I had chance to reply, a voice was calling out from up the road. “Maria…Maria”

It was Alba, and she wasn’t alone. The thinner of the Spaniards came bounding down the street, along with a ginger haired girl, and what looked like a couple (the girl and guy were holding hands).

“Act calm…” Maria said under her breath, slowly allowing herself to stand up straight, although her knees pointed slightly inwards. Her face couldn’t fully hide the obvious discomfort she was in.

“How’s the date going?” Alba awkwardly asked, glancing her eyes between Maria and myself. It was clear that she was a little drunk as she swayed slowly from side to side.

“Great!” Maria fired back, forcing a smile. Despite the forced smile, I did think she was being genuine, she just had other matters to deal with first.

“So…you going back now?” Alba left the question open ended which made me blush a little.

“Think so…” Maria replied turning her head towards me - I nodded.

Alba’s eyes seemed to lighten up, glisten in the dark, she knew there was more to come between myself and Maria. Talking of Maria, I was actually quite shocked at how well she had been coping, I could see she had reverted to tapping her feet, quickly on her tip-toes and then back to the balls of her feet. It was impressive to watch, and luckily, other than myself, no one seemed to notice anything.

“Alba…let’s go…come on.” The redhead pleaded, taking the topic of conversation away from Maria and myself which was a relief. Flashing my eyes across in her direction, and if I had to hazard a guess, she looked somewhat desperate for a wee.

“We better get going…” Alba rolled her eyes and turned to the redhead, "…with your history.”

The red head threw a nasty glance towards Alba before letting out a sarcastic laugh. There was definitely some history there that I didn’t know about, and it only fuelled my already horny mind.

As Alba and her group of friends headed down the hill, it definitely felt like that thirty minute time limit of getting home had passed. The hill had started to feel like Mount Everest as I dragged my feet, waiting for Maria to catch up every five yards. In her defence, she’d managed the climb well; we were quite near the top and it did get extremely steep, in fact, there was even a handrail in case people needed some assistance. I could hear Maria groaning behind me but didn’t want to turn around so much, she’d definitely know I was staring, I had to be clever about it.

Miraculously, we’d reached the top, which meant only another minute or so to the house, it was literally in sight. I couldn’t help myself and at that point I did turn around, somewhat staring at Maria’s flush red face, although she did have every reason to look panic-stricken. She was virtually waddling at this point, her legs pressed together and her feet just tapping across the floor centimetre by centimetre. Further, there was a fierce look on Maria’s face, the look of a person who was mentally fighting against her own bodily needs, doing all she could to hold it in - not wanting to be beaten.

I was slightly concerned that Maria was hurting herself for holding her pee this long, but it was either that or completely embarrass herself, so I guess she was picking the best option. We were only ten metres away from the house when Maria stopped again, her face looking completely flushed and pain-ridden.

“Ohhhhh SHIT…” Maria moaned, jamming both her hands in her crotch.

If I’m being truly honest, I thought this was the moment, she was literally pissing herself right outside her home; but, there was no sign of wetness on her jeans - maybe it was just a leak then.

“…you good?” I pointlessly asked, knowing she was definitely in a bad way - literally at breaking point.

“…its literally coming out…” Maria squirmed, before quickly reaching into her pocket and pulling out a key. “…take this!”

“…okay…?” I replied, somewhat hoping she wouldn’t send me away. I wanted to watch the accident, if it did happen, that was for sure.

“It’s the gold one…” Maria said, placing the key in my hand - insisting that I open the back door for her so she could rush in and use the bathroom.

Still a little tipsy, I rushed down the passage to the back door with the key in my hand. I fumbled it around a few times trying to insert it into the lock, and which way it needed turning, but eventually there was a click, and the door swung open.

“OPEN!!” I shouted back down the alleyway, in the hope that Maria would hear.

Only a matter of seconds later, as I rested my body up against the kitchen counter, Maria came hobbling in through the door. It wasn’t the most attractive look I’d ever seen on a girl, waddling across the kitchen floor with both hands jammed into her crotch, however, it did have me sexually aroused, and there hadn’t even been an accident yet. Maria didn’t bother catching my eye as she went past, in fact, I think she was surprised I was still ‘on the date’ so to speak, and hadn’t gone home yet.

“Ohhhh…FUCK…” Maria moaned loudly, as she headed for the small toilet “…I’m gonna piss…FUCK”

It all seemed to happen so fast as Maria swung her body round once in the toilet, before yanking her dark jeans down, firstly revealing her incredibly sexy legs, and secondly, revealing a pink thong with a noticeably large wet spot at the front. Unintentionally, I’d positioned myself with quite the view from the kitchen counter; Maria hadn’t given any thought to closing the door which meant I had basically had a front, and side of view of the whole ordeal.

Cramped in the toilet, Maria just about managed to get her tight jeans down, with her hands frantically trying to pull down her thong, as her bum slapped on the toilet seat. Maria’s face then lit up with relief, before some panic, as she started spraying aggressively into the toilet bowl, not managing to get her thong completely off in time, saturating it in the process. After some considerably long moans, of relief I assumed, she managed to pull her thong to the side, but that didn’t really matter, it was already soaked - and she’d already made it to the toilet. The hiss of urine, and the splattering noise back off the toilet bowl seemed to drag on forever, but I wasn’t surprised, she had been holding it for hours.

“…my thong!” Maria quietly moaned, staring at her soaked thong. Her stream seemed to die down in the process, as the reverberation off the porcelain toilet bowl seemed to quieten.

“Its soaked…” I remarked, catching Maria’s eyes, and taking a step towards the little bathroom, now only a matter of metres away.

“Can’t believe I just pissed myself…” Maria said, in a subdued manner, before adding, “…it's so bad.”

“…not really…” I replied, trying to sound supportive, “…it could’ve been a lot worse…right?”

“True…” She replied, pushing her lips together.

There was an awkward silence between us, as we both seemed to take in what had happened. Whilst awkwardly stood there, my boner pressing hard against my jeans, my eyes couldn’t stop staring towards her pink pussy - it looked incredible. Maria eventually broke the moment as she slowly stood up, with her jeans round her knees, and her thong completely saturated just below her pussy; before grabbing some toilet paper and deftly wiping her pissy pussy.

Maria’s body then seemed to slowly creep forward, you know, the action to pull your clothes back up when you’ve been sat on the toilet. I knew it was my time to make a move.

“…may as well keep them off I said…” My horny mind remarked, trying to flirt.

“…okay…” Maria replied, bitting her lip.

Without hesitating, or thinking, I stepped into the small bathroom and kissed her.

“…my room?” Maria whispered in my ear, breaking away from my lips.

I nodded.

*004*2023-04-16 17:42

CHAPTER 2: WRONG PLACE, WRONG TIME

My eyes shot open, met by the darkness of Maria’s room; all I could feel was the dryness of my mouth. Since the bedroom door had closed a matter of hours ago, all we’d done is pleasure each other, a blowjob, me eating her out and two rounds of sex - we had barely taken our hands off each other. Maria’s body lay still, turned away from me, on the other side of the double bed, closest to the wall. In contrast, I had the side easiest to get up from, move around the room; and, I wouldn’t usually get up in the middle of the night from a one night stand but my mouth was begging for some water. I slipped off the covers, and got myself up - heading for the door.

I left Maria’s room as quietly as possible, tying to visualise the layout of the kitchen in my mind as it was now virtually pitch black; only the back wall being illuminated by some fairy lights draped round the clock. It wasn’t overly cold, but being stood in my boxers, with my skin was exposed, in someone else’s house, I knew I couldn’t wait around forever. My brain kicked into action, and I shuffled across the floor, past the small table, to the drying rack where some glasses were standing. Picking one up, I let the water run for a few seconds before quickly filling the glass. As I took my first sip, thankful as I felt the water rehydrate me, I heard footsteps, not coming from inside the house, but down the side passage. They were only recognisable because everything else was so quiet.

As I returned my glass to the tap for a refill, the steps grew louder and I felt the hairs on my skin starting to stand up. The steps were starting to echo, like when a dream is closing in, except this wasn’t a dream, it was very much real life. Before I even had chance to turn the tap off and finish refilling my glass, there was a jangle of keys, before the turning of the lock. The door burst open. The first thing that hit me was the chill, opening the door had allowed the cold air to cause my body to do a brief shiver. Despite being a few metres away in the dark, I realised who it was straight away; Alba, Maria’s best friend. She was still dressed in her outfit from before, the low cut jeans and the white top, exposing her attractive flat stomach.

“Shit…” I mustered, “…sorry….” Not really sure what to say as I stood in my boxers, awkwardly holding a glass as the tap continued running.

“Can you…” Alba crossed her legs and nodded towards the sink, “…turn that off?”

“…course…” I half-whispered back, trying not to alert any attention to Maria who was sleeping in the other room.

I hadn’t really put two and two together, probably because it was the middle of the night and I was still half asleep but the penny dropped when I briefly looked down and saw Alba violently tip-toeing as she tried to slip her converse off. Further, she’d occasionally let her hand fall down behind her bum, digging her fingers into her crotch area. I nearly let out a laugh, but contained it, as the previous vision of Maria doing the same only a matter of hours earlier played in my head. To add to this, the initial feeling of coldness had seemingly disappeared, and now the hair on my skin stood up for another reason, I was getting aroused. Except, I was’t supposed to be getting turned on by Alba, I felt my face start to blush a little.

“It’s just hearing water…” Alba broke the silence, realising I’d seen her toilet dance, “I’m bursting…”

I could see that Alba was bursting, and hearing her cute Spanish accident made the whole scenario ten times hotter. Even though we’d barely said anything to each other, there was a strange sexual tension in the room, when you know you’re both doing something you shouldn’t be. I tried to hide it best I could, but seeing and hearing Alba desperate for the toilet had definitely given me a semi. The only thing on my side was the darkness, and the fact she was so preoccupied with her own need that she hadn’t noticed it yet.

“SHIT!” Alba winced, throwing her small gold purse on the table as she made a beeline for the little toilet adjoined to the kitchen - where Maria just made it earlier on in the evening.

I basically watched in awe as Alba embarrassingly and desperately held herself as she tried to walk across the kitchen. Getting caught short, which definitely happens to everyone once in their life is supposed to be a private moment, not on full display to some random person you met a few hours earlier. It meant even if you did leak a little, or tinkle before your bum hit the seat, you had a moment to yourself to work out what to do next, for the most part that was just to suck it up and accept that accidents and mistakes happen. There’s probably a higher chance of winning the lottery than seeing two attractive girls bursting for the loo in one night, but that was the current situation for me.

“…oh my godddd…” Alba moaned, stopping directly right in front of me, her sexy body now on full show. She almost looked in pain but that didn’t stop me thinking about how attractive she was, even in the moment.

“You okay?” I nervously fired back, less worried about her predicament, and more about mine - watching her in this state had caused my boner to grow, it was now protruding in my boxers, trying to force its way out.

“Mierda!! (Fuck)” Alba said in Spanish, before letting out a few shy and nervous whimpers.

With Alba stood only about a metre away from me, it felt like we were in our own little world. She had stopped bobbing up and down, and was now unable to move, with both of her hands firmly dug into her crotch - her legs were as crossed as they could be, almost looking tangled. If I had to hazard a guess, I’d definitely say her pants weren’t dry at this moment, and to add to this, I realised this was probably Alba’s moment of getting caught short, maybe a little leak had forced its way out and now she wished she was alone. Like before, with Maria, I would honestly never wish this on anyone, it was a completely surreal experience.

Awkwardly, in the moment, Alba flicked her head up and we briefly caught each others gaze before looking down and away - both completely shocked.

Alba slowly opened her mouth, and I wasn’t sure if it was because she’d now seen my throbbing dick erect and tenting in my boxers, or because she was getting caught short and had leaked, although on reflection it was probably both. Alba had probably only been inside the house for a minute or so but time definitely felt irrelevant, it was just a pure emotional rollercoaster between the two of us.

I also somewhat opened my mouth in shock as I caught a glimpse of a small patch of saturated denim now visible behind Alba’s hands. It had become very clear as to why she had stopped walking and tangled herself up - to try and save herself. It was only small little wet spot but even so it was fairly visible and now abundantly clear that Alba was on the verge of having a real accident in the next few moments. To see any girl leak and make a wet spot on her clothes was very rare, but to have an attractive Spanish, twenty year-old student, in front of you was unheard of. My dick twitched again and somehow found another level of hardness, the blood was definitely pumping.

There was a small drip, then a muffled hiss, then a more constant dripping sound. Alba franticly winced and removed her hands from her crotch, letting them fall by her side, and somewhat untangled her legs, her thighs were pressed together and knees were now facing inwards. I watched on in amazement as the discolouration to her jeans started to grow - yes, it was really happening, Alba was pissing her pants. There was no hiding it anymore, Alba couldn’t hold her bladder, and the explosion of piss had started to make its way out. The inside top part of Alba’s thighs were visibly wet and I knew that meant one thing, an accident in motion.

Alba childishly moaned and whimpered, trying to control herself but it was no use, her bladder had failed her and the accident continued. There was now an audible splattering as wee sprinted down her legs, gravity taking its course, rattling back off the tiled kitchen floor. It might have been dark inside but my eyes had adjusted and I was fixated, I could make out everything clearly; the arc’s of the piss that were saturating her jeans, the way she was stood like a kid wetting themselves, the facial expressions of embarrassment and resentment that she hadn’t made it to the toilet, even the rivulets shooting sideways across her legs - it made me realised, she must’ve been so desperate. It wasn’t everyday you watched a twenty-year-old student have an accident, especially not right in front of you when you’re only wearing boxers. Everything made my dick throb.

“Nooo…oooohh…fuckkk…noooo” Alba moaned quietly, almost looking like she had tears in her eyes.

I knew I was blushing but Alba’s face was also dark red, I think she was still in a state of shock, trying to process the whole situation. I imagined that it had been a very long time, if ever, that she remembered wetting her pants - she was an adult after all. I’d heard of girls at university, even some guys, pissing the bed after a heavy night of drinking, but never being unable to make it to the bathroom, that was just pure fiction - even a desperate Maria made it earlier somewhat, just getting her thong wet. However, that didn’t reflect the here and now, the flood gates were completely open and Alba couldn’t control herself. Piss was flowing out and going in every direction imaginable.

The piss puddle which had been forming on the floor, not only had saturated Alba’s jeans and socks, but had now swallowed up my feet, I was basically standing in Alba’s urine mess. To add to this, I wasn’t sure who was more embarrassed, Alba who had completely wet herself, pissing her pants as an adult, only about three metres away from the toilet, or myself, who had been completely turned on and aroused by the whole situation, with the tip of my penis now poking out of my boxers. My brain felt like it was in heaven.

Alba’s heaving breathing started to ease and the muffled and somewhat aggressive hissing slowly came to a stop. Alba just stood frozen, and looked at me in complete despair, almost asking the question, ‘what just happened,’ without opening her mouth. I couldn’t even start to imagine what her mind was thinking, or going through; shame, embarrassment, the realisation that you’d wet yourself. Not only that, but you’d wet yourself in front of someone, not in private where you could keep it your own dark secret. I really wasn’t sure I had any answers, I was almost as flustered as her, but I tried my best.

“Shit…” I said under my breath, “…are you okay?” Unable to take my eyes of her soaked jeans. The moment had now been tattooed on my brain and seeing her drenched legs made them look more toned and sexy, my brain was almost overloaded with thoughts.

Alba seemed to say something under her breath in Spanish which I couldn’t make out, before looking down fully for the first time. She glanced over my boner but her eyes were now focusing on her wet jeans and the puddle formed around both our feet. She guided her right hand down to the inside of her thigh and let the palm of her hand feel the wetness of her jeans for the first time. Her hand briefly slid down her thigh before returning back up, like she was making sure this was actually real and not fake.

“Fuck…” Alba sighed, almost in relief, but more so in embarrassment. Tears were forming in her eyes.

I didn’t know where to look so kept flicking my eyes between her hand placement and the floor, catching glimpses of my own issue as well, my boner, which was now becoming the elephant in the room.

“…I’m…okay…” Alba winced with a concerned look at her face. It was evidently clear that her brain was still processing everything - she had just pissed herself.

I couldn’t find the words to respond but I watched on as Alba bit her lip whilst undoing the button on her jeans, carefully and slowly pulling them down, exposing her thigh gap and the top of her legs. There were two very obvious things to notice, firstly, the wet glisten and glow of her legs, which was a very sexy sight, and secondly, her lacy red thong which had been totally saturated in the accident - somewhat reminiscent of Maria’s earlier. You could make out, from the outline on her thong, just how far the wee had actually shot upwards, presumably from from the force when she started pissing. As Alba fought against the resistance of her sticky jeans, whilst pulling them down her wet legs, my brain, once again, kicked into gear.

“…let me help.” I sheepishly said, taking a small step in towards her so I could reach, hearing my feet patter in the urine pool below.

Awkwardly, as I reached downwards towards her jeans, our hands sort of touched as she tried to move hers out of the way. Furthermore, we’d embarrassingly caught each others gaze as this happened, and so in a quick flash, completely unplanned, I moved my hands, resting one on her hip to steady myself and the other on the inside of her thigh, my first finger deftly brushing her wet thong around her pussy. Aware of what I had accidentally done, I gulped, feeling the warmth of her pants and her pussy made my dick pulsate - I almost wanted to moan in pleasure. Alba and I hadn’t even had a proper conversation yet and my throbbing cock was only a foot away from her.

We then had a moment together, Alba caught the apologetic look in my eyes, realising what I’d done, before flicking them downwards towards my boner and pressing her lips together.

Alba then placed the palm of her hand over my boner, leant in so our faces were nearly touching, and whispered, “you’re so hard…”

All I could muster in response was a nod, and I closed my eyes as her hand slowly made its way up my boner until it was at the tip, where she elected to pull down at the elastic of my boxers, letting my boner pop out.

Instinctively, both our heads fell forwards and we kissed, our lips pushing and sucking in a regular motion; Alba on my bottom lip and myself on her top lip. Despite the cramped space between us, my hand which had been resting on her wet leg was now aptly doing circular motions on the underside of her drenched thong. Alba had the better deal though, as while we kissed, with her pissed jeans down by her knees, her hand was sliding backwards and forwards, up and down my shaft.

“…fuck…I’m horny…” I let out as I broke away from her kiss, focusing my eyes on the way she was handling my cock - it was exactly what I needed.

“Me too…” Alba moaned, pressing her lips together again; her eyes begging me not to stop touching her.

Following no instruction and not wanting this moment to end, I started to ease my hand inside Alba’s thong, with the hope of feeling her wet pussy directly. Alba seemingly had the same idea, and with her spare hand, she helped slide her thong down her wet legs, leaving her pussy completely exposed. Alba watched on as I took my middle finger and pushed it up and down her pussy, brushing over her clit every time. I wasn’t even sure if pee was a natural lubricant, but the whole of her pussy felt incredibly slick, somewhat liked she’d been turned on by the accident - or she just was just very horny.

“Fuck…” I sighed again, “…you’re sooooo wet.”

”…finger me…” Alba quietly moaned, her eyes now giving me a submissive look, one I’d seen earlier by Maria, although I knew it was best not to let anything regarding Maria fill my head right now, I was already feeling some guilt.

I did as she requested, and as I slid my middle finger in, Alba tilted her head back and let out a pleasurably moan. As I slowly let my finger slide in and out, occasionally curling it towards to her g-spot, I let my thumb rub circles on he cliterous, watching Alba’s face as I did so for her reaction. Alba’s breathing quickly intensified, almost sounding like it had before when she started pissing herself, which sort of gave me the signal to continue what I was doing. We tried to kiss but Alba pulled away and opened her mouth in pleasure; I’d let my free hand slip underneath her white tube top, gently squeezing her small perky tits, and brushing my fingers over her erect nipples.

“You’re soooo fucking bad…” I whispered aggressively in Alba’s ear as I increased the speed of my fingering, trying to play the more dominant role.

“…yeahh…” Alba moaned back in reply, with her mouth still wide open. I’m not sure if the response was her agreeing or just moaning. Her eyes were now sinking into her head

She’d sort of given up wanking me off as her hand now lay dormant on my cock but I didn’t mind it so much, I was more interested in making her cum, and hearing the squelching from inside her pussy made me think she wasn’t far away.

“…don’t stop baby…” Alba moaned, whilst rolling her hips forwards - I knew she couldn’t take much more.

“…yeah…?” I responded, raising my eyebrows with an eagerness in my voice, “…you like that?”

“…ooooh baby…” Alba continually moaned, “…fuckkk…”

Alba’s head was titled back, and her eyes continually flickered; I knew I was now in full control. Just like a minute ago when she hadn’t been able to control her body, the same was happening for a different reason. I could almost feel Alba’s hips trying to rock backwards and forwards as my finger slid in and out. Further to this, Alba’s clit was trying to resist the small circles I was still rubbing with my thumb - she was definitely at the edge.

“Cum for me pissy pants…” I whispered. I wasn’t sure if Alba was going to enjoy the humiliation aspect of being called ‘pissy pants’ but it felt right in the moment - and it seemed to work.

“…fuck…” Alba moaned, her eyes now fully closed, “ohhhh…fuck…I’m cu…”

“…cum for me…” I cut Alba off as she came, before pushing my lips into hers. I did this because, one, it's a sexy thing to do, and two, to muffle the sound as she was a loud moaner, and we’d both seemingly forgotten that Maria was in the next room. Without stating the obvious, if she was awake she would have definitely heard us.

Alba’s body and legs violently shook as she started to cum. Her pussy squelched loudly and squeezed around my finger which forced me to pull it out, before her pussy deftly squirted, which I felt in my hand before I had chance to pull it away. If I’m honest, I wasn’t even sure if she was squirting or just peeing again, either way, everything she seemed to do was incredibly hot. Alba’s headspace seemed to be in another world for a minute as I stood there looking at her; from the accident to the orgasm, I think her brain was finally coming down from all the highs.

With her piss soaked jeans round her knees, and her wet thong round her thighs, Alba’s panting started to subside - although, she was still breathing heavily as we both stood close together in the dead of night. If I was being selfish in the moment, I probably would have guided Alba’s hand down to my throbbing cock, not that it would take my long to orgasm at all, but there was something else I wanted to do instead. There was something about Alba that I couldn't quite put my finger on, I wanted to leave her wanting more. I knew what I had to do.

“I should go…” I whispered carefully to Alba, who still stood with her legs apart, pussy exposed, in soaked clothes.

“Wait…” Alba replied, looking somewhat dumbfounded, “You won’t tell anyone about this…”

“…about what?” I teased, before looking down at the puddle on the floor, then carefully flicking my eyes across her soaked jeans and up her to perfectly shaved pussy. I was saving mental images that was for sure.

“It’s just…this whole thing you know…” Alba started talking but then bit her lip as she realised I was teasing her. “…ohhh…”

“I really should go…” I said, now focusing my eyes on the half-open door to Maria’s room. I know it seemed rude given the circumstances, but I really did want to leave her wanting more.

Alba eventually seemed to catch on to what I meant but still had a disappointed look across her face. It wasn’t difficult to work out why, my boner was still the elephant in the room, and seeing as I’d got her off, it was now her chance to return the favour. I knew that sometimes in life you just had to bite your tongue and accept that it is what it is. Yes, of course I wanted her to wank me off, suck me off, fuck me; but this would be more impactful in the long run.

Alba didn’t even move as I shuffled away, het body was still frozen to the spot. Eventually, she turned her head in shock as I left her alone in the kitchen, slipping through the half open door to Mara’s room.

What an eventful night.

*005*2023-04-23 19:46

CHAPTER 3: GEORGIA’S FLASHBACK

“Ohhh come on ‘Gee’…stop being dramatic.” Alba sighed, racing off ahead of her red-head friend as they walked back up the hill.

“Alba…I’m serious.” The redhead pleaded. “I can feel it pushing…”

“Ewww…” Alba replied, giving Georgia (Gee) a dirty look. “…I don’t wanna know!”

“It was that food…” Georgia stated, “…lucky you’re a veggie!”

Alba and Georgia had been away playing hockey for the 2’s all afternoon, winning the match 5-3. The journey had been a long one, just over two hours, however, this had been made easier by the host team giving them a free meal once the match had ended; and, the customary drinking on the coach on the way back after a win. There were certain rules to be followed on the coach though, bus etiquette. The main rule was that no ‘dumps’ were allowed in the cramped coach toilet, only wee’s, and despite the majority of girls getting extremely tipsy, this rule was always followed.

Despite abiding by the rules, Georgia’s journey home had been a painful one. Three drinks down, with forty minutes left till they arrived back home, Georgia’s bowels had notified her of the need to go. She had mentioned the ever growing need to Alba, who had suggested that Georgia go to the toilet, however, she knew that she couldn’t shit, only wee. She did take Alba’s advice though, and she needed a piss anyway; but this only made the whole situation worse. When her bum slapped down on the plastic toilet seat, she had to somewhat lightly push to get her piss going. In doing so, she felt her asshole contract, nearly forcing a log out, just managing to squeeze her bum cheeks together in time to stop the disaster happening.

Luckily, despite the constant groans from Georgia for the rest of the bus journey, Alba didn’t seem to mind - she was in a drunk enough state to just laugh along. This all stemmed from the friendship between the two of them. They’d met in first year, at the hockey trials and then playing together for the 2’s, and Georgia had taken the room directly above Alba in the small terrace house they were now renting for their second year. Back to the here and now, the bus had dropped them where the university sports complex was, about two-minutes away from the big hill that they lived up.

Dressed in their little hockey shorts, warranting attention from any boy they passed; and, with their university sports team jumpers on, Alba and Georgia were heading back home after the long journey.

“So it was YOU farting on the bus…” Alba laughed, remembering back to the aroma of shit that filled the bus from time to time.

“YES…!” Georgia’s eyes widened, her face turning a little red as another bubble made its way out of her arse. “…I’m farting right now…”

“GROSS Gee!” Alba replied, before mocking Georgia by pinching her nose and pushing her lips together to make a farting sound.

“Fuckkkk off…” Georgia fired back, pushing Alba in the process.

Despite Georgia’s current predicament, the girls had made good progress and were half way up the hill, although that was all changing as Georgia’s pace started to slow. Her stomach was really starting to cramp up and it was becoming increasingly harder to ignore the pain. The only way she found any relief was by bending and tensing her stomach, in turn, this meant she had to take the focus off clenching her butt muscles - it was a real ‘catch 22’. Additionally, she didn’t want to draw any attention to herself, but in the end, she had no choice, she did what she needed to.

“Don’t shit yourself…” Alba remarked, somewhat arrogantly, watching on as Georgia had stopped, bending herself over and jamming one of her hands towards her bum.

“Ha ha…very funny” Georgia replied jokingly - slowly returning to an upright position with a groan.

The girls shifted their feet and continued up the hill, one small step at a time - the top was now in sight, which meant only a matter of minutes till they were back home. However for Georgia, with every step came more agonising stomach cramps, her body felt like it was now screaming at her for some release. Georgia continued to deftly fart, releasing some gas every few seconds, but that just made things worse, her body wanted more. The farting meant she had to unclench her butt cheeks, although it felt involuntary at this point, which then meant more effort to clench them again - she couldn’t remember a time when she needed to shit so badly.

“Finally…” Alba sighed as they reached the top, the house now in view only forty or so metres away.

“Fuckkk…” Georgia moaned whilst closing her eyes, bending herself over again just to try and relieve any tension inside her. At this point it was all her mind could think about.

“The toilet’s right there…” Alba smiled, pointing in the direction of the house.

“DON’T!” Georgia replied with a wince. The bending over wasn’t even working anymore, her stomach was just in constant pain, and the involuntary farts were now coming out without her even needing to release. She was panicking, it felt like time was moving in slow motion - she needed her bum on the toilet seat, and she needed it now.

“…be the best shit of your life…” Alba teased, poking some fun at Georgia, semi unaware of how dire her situation was.

It definitely would be the best shit of her life, Georgia thought in the moment. Something then dawned on her, she had been in this situation before, when all she could think about was needing to shit. It was a memory, a feeling that her brain had completed blocked out, something she’d never actually told anyone. Sixteen years of age, on her way back from school, with nothing but needing to shit on her mind. She remembered cursing herself for not going when she had left her last class, but no one ever used the school toilets, and it was only a fifteen minute walk back to her house - she could hold it.

With her stomach cramping and her arse getting more impossible to clench, just like it was today, as she turned the final corner, with her house in view, her brain seemed to overload. Instead of just releasing some gas, letting out a small fart, her arse hole seemed to betray her mind. Before she had time to react, there was a log forcing its way out, then a second, then a third, tenting underneath her school skirt in her white knickers. Without any control of her body, and her brain unable to help, warm urine then ran down her legs, finishing the whole ordeal off.

Now, four years later, at twenty years-old, that very feeling hit her brain again, when you know something bad is going to happen and there’s nothing you can do to stop it. Except this time she wasn’t alone; before when it happened, she’d managed to get inside, avoid her mum, wash her laundry and salvage her dignity - this moment in time was even worse.

“…come on Gee…” Alba called back somewhat quietly, realising Georgia hadn’t moved from the top of the hill, “…imagine how good it will feel when you finally shit…”

Alba words then reverberated through Georgia’s mind, ‘how good it would feel to finally shit’-NO.

“ALBA…” Georgia winced, with her hand firmly placed on her bum “…ohhh god!”

Georgia’s mind, and more poignantly her bum, was about to fail her for a second time in her life. Her mind couldn’t simultaneously stop the pain in her stomach, the releasing of gas, the want to continue walking, and the overall need to shit, something had to give - and it had. Her mouth was wide open in a panicked state, a log was breaching her asshole.

“…what?” Alba questioned, unaware of what was happening inside Georgia’s pants. Although her eyes were now fixated on Georgia’s hands which were pressed tightly against her bum.

“Nooo…nooo…” Georgia winced as her bum gave up, she could feel the log now touching her thong, hoping it wasn’t visible underneath her hockey shorts, but it was, “…shit…nooo…”

“…NO WAY…” Alba laughed rather loudly, quickly realising the severity of the situation, and what the growing bulge was at the back of Georgia’s hockey shorts.

“…ALBA…” Georgia pleaded, like Alba could help her in any way - it was no use. Georgia’s face had flushed red in embarrassment, and tears were now forming in her eyes.

“Are you shitting your pants…?” Alba then asked somewhat involuntarily, getting second-hand embarrassment for her best friend. It wasn’t like they were alone either, there was the odd student or civilian walking past, it was awful timing.

“Don’t look…” Georgia whimpered, with tears slowly running down her cheeks, realising the first log was now nestled in her pants, but also knowing there was still more to come.

Just like it had done before, when Georgia was sixteen, her brain and body muscles had failed her, she was completely poohing her pants like a child would do. Once the first log had broken off and sat her thong and shorts, the second didn’t hesitate to do the same, Georgia could feel the warm mush that was forming in the back of her shorts. The second log seemed to break off in half, before it had finished forming, and so the leftovers were pushed to the side - she could now feel it sticking to her left bum cheek. Georgia almost wanted to moan in pleasure, but all she could manage was hanging her mouth wide open in shock.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, but was only about twenty seconds, her bum hole seemed to clench up, her accident had finished. Her mind didn’t seem to be working, and all that she could process was that she was standing, no further than forty or so metres away from her house. It wasn’t even the sheer embarrassment that turned her face red, it was the now growing smell of shit that filled her noise. This was complete and utter disaster, she’d worked so hard to get this far, all for her body to fail her. She had completely messed her pants on the street.

“…oh my god Gee…” Alba said in shock, fully staring at the tent that had formed in the back of Georgia’s university hockey shorts. Even to the average person, it was a completely recognisable that she had shit herself.

“fuckkkk…” Georgia finally did moan, not in pleasure though, more in disgust.

“you’ve fully SHIT yourself…” Alba couldn’t take her eyes off the bulge sticking out from Georgia’s bum. She almost couldn’t believe it - a student, her best friend, had shit her pants.

It has to be said that Alba always thought of Georgia as an attractive, sexy girl; redheads always were spicy. Georgia had always been searching for fun on nights out, getting into trouble, but this was different - her look was now a complete mess.

“This is soooo bad…” Georgia sighed, her face all crumpled up in disgust.

The ordeal wasn’t over though.

“Ewwww….you’re peeing as well…” Alba said in disgust, looking on in amazement as Georgia’s hockey shorts now glistened at the front. It took a second, but gravity took its course, and a clear liquid starting to run down Georgia’s bear legs, from the inside of her thigh, to her ankles.

Georgia’s mouth was still wide open in shock, however, her eyes had closed as the piss escaped from her quivering pussy. Like it had done four years ago, her bodily actions had taken over; and piss shot out from her pussy, instantly warming her crotch and inner thighs, even mixing in with the shit that sagged in her hockey shorts. Unironically, Georgia’s mind seemed to be in a bliss state as the feeing of letting go rushed over body. The heat of the piss made her pussy tingle, a feeling she’d need to sort out later; although she was brought back to reality when she heard the splashing from below.

Watching on awkwardly, Alba had to turn herself away. From watching Georgia’s little hockey shorts glisten with pee, to seeing it run down her legs, and now splashing back off the pavement; had completely amplified her own desperation. The look of relief on Georgia’s face, and the feeling of letting go were fixated in her mind; watching for any longer would have completely tipped her over the edge, causing her to have an accident of her own - pissing her pants. So, as she turned away, trying her best to disguise it, she let out a little gasp and jammed her hand into her crotch.

“Pease take me home…” Georgia sobbed, her face now completely full with tears.

“LETS…” Alba asserted herself, more for her own sake than Georgia’s.

*008*2023-04-24 12:25

{{25 minutes ago, rfthawne said:

As a question, is this chapter a prequel to when the narrator and Maria ran into Alba and Georgia in chapter 1?

}}

Yes - that's bang on! The story further develops in the next chapter...

{{32 minutes ago, rfthawne said:

Would definitely be interested to read more about Georgia and what she and Alba get up to.

}}

Any ideas? Feel free to send me a DM. I'm only planning on writing about 5-10chapters...

*009*2023-04-24 15:36

{{17 hours ago, WellofSouls said:

This is really well written and incredibly hot. Would love to hear more of Alba and Georgia's hijinks.

}}

For sure! I have the first 7/8 Chapters planned so lmk if there's an idea that really sticks out to you...feel free to DM me.

