The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 7

*150*2023-07-21 22:45

The second meeting

It might only have been ten minutes but it may as well have been hours for Daniel as he sat tensed up waiting for Ellen to stop talking. More than once he seriously contemplated just leaving but firstly he knew that would seem rude and secondly he couldn’t actually get past Ellen to even do so even if he wanted to. With his laptop now firmly put away in its bag on the table in front of him he pressed hard at the top of his leg sitting bent forward slightly longing to get to his car and get home to piss.

Getting to the point where he was genuinely going to have to interrupt Ellen he was beyond relieved when the person she was talking to had to take a call and left. The only thing that had been distracting him for the past ten minutes had been watching Ellen as she moved around awkwardly from one foot to the other and ran one foot up the back of the other leg. It was sexy and exciting imagining she was feeling the same intense pressure in her body as he was in his but being surrounded by people everywhere prevented his body from reacting like it normally would.

Still utterly amazed at how easily Ellen could admit her need when she finally sat back down Daniel wriggled uncomfortably hinting that he had to leave urgently. Ellen, of course, wasn’t haven’t it as she tried valiantly to make him actually say what was wrong. Years and years of being forbidden to talk about it was impossible to ignore as Daniel insisted still on going home as they walked quickly towards the reception desk where he was ready to sign out when something stopped him.

Seeing the toilets right ahead and knowing that Ellen was just seconds from release was torture as his own body reacted to the sight of the gents sign by assuming it was now safe to go. Feeling the warm liquid surging fast through his dick he bend forwards pushing his crotch tight against the table hoping to prevent any more leakage but feeling it might already be too late. Feeling the all too familiar warmth in his underwear he panicked, dropped the pen on the desk and rushed towards Ellen touching her shoulder seconds before she reached the ladies. Acutely aware of how busy the ship was Daniel knew there was no way he could urinate in a busy gents as he begged Ellen to show him somewhere quieter he could go.

As he stepped into the lift after Ellen Daniel slipped a hand into his trouser pocket squeezing his penis tightly while precariously holding his laptop bag in front of his body to both hide what he was doing but also to cover any leakage he was sure was there. Fumbling behind Ellen as she lead the way down the same corridor they were in earlier he felt horrified and anguished when Ellen said it was a single cubicle and asked to go first. Normally such a gentleman Daniel checked all around before tentatively moving his bag so Ellen could understand just how urgent his need was too. Expecting she would allow him the privilege of using the toilet first he was taken aback at what happened next.

Erin the blink of an eye Ellen had them both locked in the small single toilet as Daniel watched hooked as Ellen pulled down her clothing and made a beeline for the only toilet. Quickly dropping his laptop case Daniel tried to beat her knowing he could never endure her urinating right in front of him which so desperate to go himself. Ellen was just too quick though as his every movement was hampered by his agonising urgency to piss.

Unzipping and fishing inside desperately for his penis Daniel headed for the loo only to see Ellen straddled over it still somehow standing up as her eyes beckoned him closer. Holding his tip tightly between his thumb and forefinger he was just a step away when he had to clench his face in anguish as Ellen’s body seemed to explode fiercely with a torrent of liquid that sent shivers right through him. Bending forwards feeling urine surging down his shaft urgently he shuffled forwards just enough to reach the toilet letting go of the tip of his penis praying he wouldn’t freeze like he usually did at the thought of someone else seeing or hearing him go.

Staring at Ellen’s open legs and her open peeing vagina Daniel lost himself entirely in the moment as his body relaxed and burst letting out a full days worth of long held pee. The ecstasy of the release combined with the physical closeness to Ellen lead to them inevitably kissing, then after cleaning themselves up intense erotic hugs as the emotions of the day combined with their desire for each other brought them closer and closer.

It was Ellen who seemed to ease things first, pulling away gently while still looking up at Daniel affectionately. Still fully clothed but having had a long embrace and feel of each other as well as some deep kissing Ellen smiled, her cheeks tidy and her lips swollen and red from kissing.

“As much as I’m loving this I think we’d better get something to eat quickly before the meeting, don’t you?”

Daniel nodded, his head agreeing but his body very much wanting more.

Eating a dinner that wasn’t something his mother had made felt alien to Daniel as his mind screamed at him about how displeased his mother would be if she knew and how offended she’d feel. He had to admit though that eating something freshly prepared and not reheated was so refreshing for once as he savoured every mouthful washed down with a large glass of lemonade. He’d barely finished when he noticed the time as he and Ellen headed immediately back to the theatre to set up again before the refugees began arriving.

Despite Daniel logically knowing that not every resident on the cruise was present it actually seemed like there was hundreds there instead of the 110 or so in reality. It was louder, more restless and chaotic with young children, babies and groups chatting in languages Daniel didn’t know at all. Combined with the fact he had to talk slower and more carefully to allow every word to be translated Daniel found just starting the second meeting more stressful and frustrating than the first. Interruptions were commonplace taking away from the flow of the presentation so much he actually stopped and asked politely if all questions could be kept until the end so he could get through everything.

From then on things went a bit better, though Daniel sensed there was a lot of trepidation, suspicion and concern from the audience in general. Nevertheless he persevered through slowly with each slide hoping the translation was being understood. Glancing at Ellen she smiled back as it finally came time to show the video. Sitting down beside Ellen at the front he slid his hand down beside hers to hold it for reassurance as the room finally went quieter as the video played. The young translator had herself stood aside, presumably feeling the images on screen showed enough that it wasn’t worth her talking over.

This time the questions were far more personal, intense and emotional as Ellen joined him at the front again to help answer. Of course there was so many unknowns still like wether those in further education could continue their courses in Dundee or if those in employment would be financially penalised for losing their jobs. So much of it was a minefield still as Daniel realised yet again the enormity of what he was expecting of so many people. Then as a few people muttered to themselves a young girl who Daniel estimated to be around 8 or 9 raised her hand as she spoke in hesitant English.

“Will I have a window in my bedroom in Dundee?”

Daniel looked at Ellen as he saw a tear run down her cheek before she answered.

“Oh Mykhaila that’s such a great question. Yes the rooms all have windows and you know something sweetheart? They look out all over Dundee too. You can see for a long long way.”

“I miss having a window. I lived in an apartment just like that in Kyiv with mamma.”

Daniel looked at the young child, for the first time truly trying to imagine all she had been through in her young life. A thin woman sat beside her looking frail and tired and pale as Daniel looked back at Ellen seeing her entire being affected by such a simple basic question.

He didn’t have all the answers but something in him right then knew that this was more than just a work assignment that would finish in less than three weeks or a tick box exercise to be filed away. This was by far the biggest, most life changing, career moment of his life. He was responsible for rehousing more people in three weeks than most other housing officers dealt with in a whole year. He had to give this his all. He had to get this right.

If only all they all wanted was just a window in their bedroom like that little blond haired girl.

*154*2023-07-22 23:41

After the meetings

Pulling away from Daniel, only because time was marching on, Ellen smiled sweetly up at his handsome face as she gently reminded him that they still needed to eat before the meeting. Leaving the toilet and heading back in the lift to the main foyer Ellen longed to hold Daniel’s hand so much. Unsure how he might feel about making their new relationship public she hesitated as they walked towards the canteen and picked up a freshly made dinner. The canteen was incredibly busy and loud so Ellen settled for just eating and gazing at Daniel as much as possible. Taking their empty trays to the drop off area for dirty dishes they headed straight back to the second floor to the theatre to make sure everything was ready.

It took longer for the refugees to arrive and settle compared to the groups meeting earlier. They were also louder, chattier and warier too. Ellen couldn’t help but notice the suspicious and worried looks she was getting from people she knew all too well. She usually gave word about new developments privately so this type of meeting induced panic and curiosity on a whole new level. It also made Ellen much more nervous even though it was Daniel delivering the news rather than her.

Getting the room quiet enough to even begin was a challenge in itself and keeping everyone focussed was a real task, but with Daniel’s help the room eventually settled other than a few young children making noise that couldn’t be helped. The garden plans on the first slide seemed to cause more questions again as Daniel painstakingly explained what it was of through the interpreter. Pushing through despite the circumstances Ellen felt so proud of Daniel as he tried to explain the plans to people who had no geographical knowledge of Scotland and who were shocked at the sudden news.

Hoping the video would bring things to life more and calm things down Ellen watched as Daniel sat beside her, even reaching for her hand to hold in the darkened theatre as the video played for the second time that day. This time there was no standing ovation or even clapping just a bombardment of questions which required translated from both sides making answering every one tiresome and lengthy. Watching the time Ellen was about to draw things to a close, promising that they would be around and available still over the coming days to answer and support more, when one of the children raised a hand to request to speak. Ellen recognised Mykhaila well. Of all the children on the ship she had a particular soft spot for the blond haired little girl who adored her mum unwaveringly. Unbeknown to Daniel it was directly due to Ellen’s compassion and willingness to go the extra mile for people that Mykhaila was even still on the ship as Ellen let the girl stand and ask her question.

Ellen had to blink back tears only then remembering how few of the cabins on the ship even had windows in. Even those that did it was actually only small circular port holes that, of course, could never be opened for air or even have curtains on to block the sun. Wanting to run up the theatre stairs and hug the little girl she instead answered her question gently as she used the opportunity to mention the great views again. There was so much more that incredible little kid could have asked but the simplicity of her question and the answer Ellen gave seemed to go such a long way in changing the atmosphere of the whole room. Ellen could see many still staring at the video screen shone onto the huge curtains as the video was freeze framed at an image of the fitted kitchen as she indicated that it was time to leave.

Standing at the door as everyone headed out Ellen shook hands, smiled, high fived and even hugged those that past her as she was met with tears or confusion or shock at what they’d just been told. It wasn’t until the last person passed her, which happened to be Oleksandr carrying his young son with his wife just ahead that Ellen turned to see Daniel as he closed down his laptop. Walking towards him she suddenly recalled something very important they’d forgotten to mention to everyone: first thing tomorrow the news would be full of what was happening with the press release coming out directly from Dundee city council. About to burst with frustration at forgetting it until now Ellen began talking before she’d even reached Daniel.

“I don’t believe it! We forgot to warn them about tomorrow!”

“Oh. So we did. Though we don’t yet know what the press release actually says. How do you think that went then? It sure felt like a tough audience at times didn’t it?”

“I think they need time to digest the news really. Let them sleep on it snd I reckon by tomorrow we’ll be crowded by them all asking everything you could think of and more.”

“That little girl though. She stole the show from us well and truly don’t you reckon?”

“Yes Mykhaila. We’re gonna have to help that girl quite a bit really. She was one of the reasons I wasn’t keen on this move at the start you know. You know about her mum right?”

“The frail looking woman beside her?”

“Yes. It’s a miracle she made it onto the ship to be honest. She has kidney disease but due to the war she couldn’t get her medication in Ukraine so she had to travel here without it. She doesn’t speak any English and neither did Mykhaila when she arrived so it wasn’t until we got around to getting everyone a medical that it was picked up. By that point she was very very sick and got taken by ambulance to the QEUH. With no other family here that beautiful little girl was going to be handed over to social work and taken into care. She might never have seen her mum again. It was almost a year ago now when there was still about 8 or 900 folk living here. I just stayed over a few nights with her until her mum got discharged with the right medicines she needed. She’s still very sick though and we must make sure she can continue her dialysis in Dundee. I thought that’s what Mykhaila was going to ask about. I’m glad she didn’t though as we haven’t even started looking at medical needs yet. “

As they walked towards the lifts to head back to reception to sign out Ellen carried on talking.

“That’s why they haven’t been rehoused yet. It was actually better to have Mykhaila and her mum live here where others can look out for them and help get Mykhaila to and from school than have them live somewhere where mum is too sick to cope. All the cases here are complicated like that in some way. From Stepan with no means of accessing benefits yet, thought I think that’s finally getting sorted, to Ruslana and Nadia who I was with at the police station yesterday and who are now back here for their own safety, to Inna and little Ihor who has no memory of living anywhere else but here.

These are the hard to place cases, the complicated ones, the ones getting health care or waiting for paperwork or family or whatever. The ones struggling to learn English or thinking of returning to an Ukraine or just single males like Taras who always seem to be at the bottom of the pile. I just hope the press are kind to them tomorrow Daniel. I really care about these people. They are like family to me.”

“I can see that Ellen. I understand that now. Honestly I do. Now unless you fancy being kept here all night while they mob us both with a million questions I reckon we ought to sign outa here now and head home don’t you?”

Ellen looked around the cruise ship entrance foyer that she’d stood in so many times in the last year. She’d really miss being here, being with the people she loved, but she had to admit that Daniel was right. It had been a long day and it was now getting close to 8pm, 12 hours since she’d signed in this morning. She hated driving in the dark but it wasn’t far to her home and her comfortable bed. She felt like she could sleep for a week. After a mug of tea though. Ellen always had time for tea.

*156*2023-07-23 22:41

The press get news

Daniel listened attentively as Ellen walked with him down the corridor, into the lift and back to reception. How she could remember everyone’s names, their stories and the reasons they were still on board the ship amazed him and impressed him greatly. This wasn’t just twenty or so people it was over 130 people of all ages and backgrounds, a few of whom he was starting to recognise himself but nothing in the league of Ellen.

Parting from Ellen in the car park wasn’t easy as they hugged and kissed and hugged again, both tired and wanting home but neither keen to part from the other. Daniel thought more than once about inviting Ellen to his but he didn’t want to give the impression that he only wanted sex. Finally he climbed into his car to drive the few miles home, his head full of worry about how tomorrow might pan out and if everyone would actually sign the forms to move. Even the TV couldn’t distract him as his mind spiralled between sexy thoughts of Ellen to the child asking about windows, to the million and more things needed done before the ship moved on. Switching the TV off he went for a shower and then headed to bed staring at his bedroom ceiling trying to still his thoughts.

It was gone 2am before he finally drifted to sleep making it difficult to wake up when his alarm went just 4 and a half hours later. Ironing a clean shirt after breakfast he turned the small TV in his kitchen on for the morning news apprehensively waiting for a story about the refugees leaving the cruise ship. Dressing himself as he switched off the iron with the TV still on he turned to watch as the news anchor read the headline.

“And this morning some breaking news just in. Dundee city council have announced a programme to provide housing for every remaining resident on the Adventurer II cruise ship which has been housing Ukrainian refugees under the government sponsor scheme in King George V dock in Glasgow. The Scottish government contract for the ship ends in 18 days time with Glasgow City Council today confirming that over 130 people, including 20 children, were still living on board the vessel. Out reporter Jaqueline Russell is there now. Jaqueline, what is the mood this morning with those you have been speaking to on board the cruise ship?”

Daniel stared at the screen as the reporter stood at the bottom of the gangway with a couple he recognised from the night before’s meeting. Noticing immediately that the female was pregnant he knew right away that Ellen would know exactly who it was. Shaking with nerves wondering if they might mention his name, or Ellen’s, or even criticise the whole project, he stood frozen to the spot listening intently. Thankfully the couple were diplomatic dwelling more on the fact that they were happy to be getting a home before their baby was born, though the male did flinch when the reporter commented how far away Dundee was. He hadn’t dwelt on that fact in his presentation at all, trying desperately to show the positives and not put everyone off too soon. Would he now be hounded by the couple, and indeed a lot more people too as word spread, on his arrival?

Gathering his things together and swallowing the remains of his coffee he felt he really had to work on the ship today to support Ellen and those on board. Never one to shrink from responsibility, and anxious to see how Ellen was coping with the media frenzy, he rushed out to his garage without even doing one last pee.

The car park was buzzing with activity as Daniel parked as close as possible to the cruise ship, removed his council employee parking badge from his dashboard, took his council lanyard off and slipped it in his pocket, and then waited for the gantry to get busier before slipping up and into the ship without any of the awaiting reporters catching him. Inside he put his lanyard back on, signed in and walked to the area where he’d been working with Ellen all afternoon the day before. It was early, not quite 8am yet, but the atmosphere on board was already a real mix of excitement, anxiety and shock. Looking everywhere for any sign of Ellen he finally spotted her in the canteen eating toast and drinking tea sitting beside Mykhaila. As he walked quickly around the chairs and tables and people everywhere he noticed Ellen spot him and smile.

“I wasn’t expecting you so early this morning. Mykhaila, you met my friend Daniel yesterday at the meeting. Do you mind if he joins us?”

Mykhaila looked tired and worried but she smiled at Daniel nevertheless.

“I had to get here right away. Have you had the news on? It’s like a circus out there. I was worried about you.”

Ellen laughed, though Daniel sensed some nervousness still.

“Oh we’re fine aren’t we Mykhaila? Though we were just deciding if Mykhaila should have a wee day off school today or not. Mum isn’t feeling too good today and Mykhaila didn’t sleep very well last night and isn’t feeling like eating this morning. With everything going on here it’s a lot to cope with too. She called me about 7 o’clock and I came right away. I think Tetyana and Dmitro are speaking with the BBC just now, Taras and Vladislav are working with Sky and I think either Marselina or Teona are doing ITN. I told them to feel free to say whatever they wanted, good or bad. There’s more interpreters coming too apparently. The stations are paying don’t worry. It’s all a bit crazy but nothing we can’t cope with eh Mykhaila?

Daniel looked around the room at refugees having breakfast as normal and kids chasing each other despite parents objecting. Huddles of people were talking all around and the noise of coffee machines, chatter, cups clanging and trolleys of trays being transported was overwhelming even for him. Looking from Ellen, who looked incredibly calm and serene, and as stunning and bright as ever, to the pale anxious little girl he smiled down at the child and placed his hand on her shoulder reassuringly.

“I think Ellen here has this all under control. In fact I think she’s some sort of angel in disguise. Do you think she’d come and help me too if I called her when I needed help?”

The blond haired girl seemed to nod a little at that as she looked up at Daniel with the hint of a smile as he reached down and stole a slice of Ellen’s toast.

“You’re naughty! You should get your own breakfast!”

“Oh but I don’t know where to get it. I’ve never been here for breakfast before.”

Mykhaila brighten up, tapping Daniel on the arm.

“I can show you if you want. It’s this way.”

Daniel let the child lead him as he looked back at Ellen and winked. Hopefully the girl might take some food for herself too so she could go to school as usual. Daniel had way too much to do today to have Ellen distracted by babysitting even if he did feel incredibly sorry for the child.

*158*2023-07-24 23:31

Ellen’s early start

Tired, but glad to finally be home, Ellen ran herself a bubble bath enjoying the warmth and comfort of water around her. Deciding to leave her empty tea mug downstairs and wash up in the morning she climbed out the bath, went downstairs for a glass of water and took it up to bed with her. Picking up her mobile phone to charge it upstairs she noticed she still had do not disturb on so switched it off as she plugged it in hoping she hadn’t missed anything too important since the meeting.

Wrapped in a warm cosy duvet she drifted to sleep quickly thinking of Daniel and hoping she’d see him more the next day. Waking once for water during the night she sat up quickly at 6:58am hearing her mobile ringing. Still half asleep she reached over to answer it surprised to hear it was young Mykhaila from the cruise ship. Worried her mum had perhaps been taken to hospital suddenly Ellen began dressing herself even while the child talked. Reassuring the little girl that she’d come to the ship right away she ended the call, ran to the loo, washed her hands and splashed her face then ran downstairs with her phone in hand to brush her hair and grab a glass of fresh orange juice from the fridge.

By 7:30 she was on the ship and walking towards the cabin that Mykhaila and her mum shared. Knocking quietly she found the girl lying beside her mum dabbing her head with a cold cloth. Talking to her mum through Mykhaila Ellen was reassured that she was ok to be left as she helped the girl find some clean school uniform and have a wash. Fetching some water so Mrs Kravchenco could take her medication she felt happier seeing the pale woman sitting up and talking. Suggesting she take Mykhaila to the canteen for breakfast the mum nodded as her daughter translated for her. Walking to the canteen Mykhaila told Ellen how she hadn’t slept and didn’t want to go to school as Ellen worried that the meeting yesterday might have been a little too much for both of them to cope with.

Walking back into the public areas Ellen was met by crowds of people obviously from various news channels trying to get onto the ship. Security and reception staff were doing a stellar job of preventing them having access as Ellen told Mykhaila to wait as she went over to see if she could help. Immediately remembering about the press release she looked around the cruise ship for anyone who might be willing to talk to the media. Seeing Taras and Vladislav heading for breakfast she quickly asked them how they would feel about being on TV as she looked over to check Mykhaila was still ok. 

Asking the men to wait she then spotted Tetyana and Dmitro, a young married couple expecting their first child, as she asked them the same question. They too agreed as she grabbed Marselina and Teona as they were about to head out with take away coffees. Both students she hoped the TV channels might even offer then cash for their time as the young woman hesitantly agreed to help too. Taking all six to reception Ellen left the reporters as she heard them heading back out, delighted to have people to interview. Taking Mykhaila’s hand she smiled at her as they headed once again towards the canteen.

Mykhaila refused breakfast so Ellen opted for some toast and tea for herself as she found a quiet table to sit with the child. They were just talking about wether Mykhaila felt ok for school when Ellen spotted Daniel arriving, much earlier than she expected to see him. Her heart fluttered on seeing his bright eyes and handsome features as they chatted briefly before he cheekily pinched some of her toast. Ellen had to hold back a chuckle as her young friend chastised Daniel, though when Daniel somehow managed to get her to take him to get food she was glad of the chance to check her phone as messages and emails beeped constantly.

Before she knew it Daniel was back with not just toast but a warm croissant plus a mug of coffee and some apple juice. Sitting down beside her with Mykhaila opposite Daniel slid the croissant and juice towards Mykhaila as he sipped at his coffee and bit into his toast. Feeling cheeky herself Ellen nudged Daniel playfully then stole some of his toast giggling like a child.

“It’s only fair isn’t it Mykhaila? After all he took some of mine.”

The girl smiled up at Ellen as she ate her breakfast and sipped at her juice as Ellen turned as a female approached them. It was Myroslava, all dressed in her cleaning uniform, with Katrya, her daughter beside her.

“Morning Mykhaila. Are you excited about the trip today? Katrya has been talking about it all morning.”

Ellen looked at the girl opposite her watching to see what she said. When she didn’t reply Ellen felt she should say something.

“You didn’t mention that Mykhaila. That’s exciting. Where are you going?”

Katrya was bouncing with excitement as she announced eagerly that the whole school was going to the science centre as her mum took her hand to guide her along as she smiled back at Mykhaila.

“I’ll get you at the usual place at 8:40. See you soon!”

As they left Ellen reached out for Mykhaila’s hand as she reached for her carton of apple juice.

“Don’t worry about your mum sweetie. How about I check on her every few hours and text you updates? How does that sound? The science centre is amazing! I wish it was me going. I’ll be here still when you get back. I can’t wait to hear all about it and I bet your mum can’t either. Once you’ve finished we’ll get your coat and bag eh. I don’t want you missing a trip.”

Ellen was glad to see Mykhaila leave with Myroslava, knowing this was something she did every day as normal. Peeking in to check her mum was ok and not needing a doctor she returned to her work area where Daniel was flicking between different online news sites reading all about the very thing he was working on. Ellen sneaked up to him putting her hands on the back of his shoulders and squeezing them affectionately. Still mindful that she didn’t want anyone distracted from helping the refugees by their relationship she also couldn’t help touching Daniel or smiling at him whenever the opportunity arose.

They had so much work to be doing and so many things demanding their attention but working together so closely it was impossible to ignore the obvious spark and lust between them as they relaxed more and more in each others company as each hour passed.

*160*2023-07-25 09:51

{{1 hour ago, sleeping_cat01 said:

Okay, Mykhaila surely knows that Ellen and Daniel are a thing now. Silly adults.

Wait... I'm an adult. Suddenly I feel old at 22

}}

They do seem to be struggling to hide it now lol

{{16 hours ago, JD0417 said:

I wonder how much more there will be to this story

}}

That’s something I can’t actually answer yet as still writing it. I do hope you aren’t getting bored!

*163*2023-07-25 23:02

So much work!

Mykhaila did indeed eat something and, with a little persuasion on Ellen’s part, even happily went to school with one of the other mum’s from the ship.

Extremely curious how the media were portraying things Daniel went straight online as soon as Mykhaila left, reading everything he could find on the biggest news story of the day. There were quotes from the First Minister, the local MP for the area, a statement from Glasgow City Council, which Daniel knew had come from his boss Archie Waters, and interviews from some of the current or past residents of the ship. By and large Daniel felt satisfied that the tone of most of the coverage was fair and favourable as he hoped this might influence the residents on board to sign the contracts, though in truth they had few other options.

Getting back to focussing on work he couldn’t help but get excited when Ellen read out some emails detailing so many ways organisations were coming on board to help, from sourcing furniture, clothing and other household goods and appliances, to volunteering their time and skills, to the local primary in Dundee contacting them offering transition days for any new children. Watching Ellen read to him Daniel couldn’t help but feel a wave of thankfulness and warmth for her combined with so much pride that despite her initial, very vocal at times, reservations less than a week ago she was now not only embracing but outright supporting the project with her influence and infectious personality proving invaluable in so many ways.

Time seemed to pass so much quicker working beside Ellen despite her slipping away often to check on Mykhaila’s mum as promised and texting her updates. Going back to their initial spreadsheet made hurriedly in the car in Dundee Daniel expanded it on the screen as Ellen imputed her knowledge of each case as they went on to form a massive to do list that they could hopefully delegate out in part to others. Deciding quickly that getting everyone who offered help together would make things more efficient and productive they hurriedly arranged an urgent meeting for first thing the following morning, deciding that even if they couldn’t find a room to meet in they would just gather informally in the canteen.

Still working at 1pm Ellen offered to get them both something from the restaurant on board for lunch as Daniel nodded gratefully while answering yet another email. Having a working lunch was normal for Daniel as he sipped his coffee and took occasional bites of a roll while typing things up. Ellen was now back beside him too as she added yet another column to the spreadsheet on his laptop as she tentatively put floors she felt might work for each family or person in Tulloch Court. Pausing at Diana and Mykhaila Kravchencos names Ellen turned to Daniel beside her.

“Can you add sourcing a wheelchair to your list. I’m thinking the way Mrs Kravchenco is today it might be easier if we have a wheelchair for her. I’m sure I had an email somewhere about a contact in the NHS if we needed them. Actually I think I’ll look for that now and see if they can come tomorrow morning. There’s a few complex medical needs we could do with supporting and they might be able to help with a wheelchair too.”

Daniel nodded as he continued sorting out papers and making more notes. Ellen took a quick break soon after to get them more tea and coffee and to check in on Mrs Kravchenco as she returning smiling handing Daniel a mug of steaming coffee.

“Mykhaila will be happy when she gets this text. Her mum has managed to get up and dressed and even had something to eat. She looked a bit brighter too and Yeva said she’d pop in and check her later for me. We’ve just got so much to do!”

By mid afternoon Daniel could feel his brain overloading as he also felt an increasing need to pee. Working so closely to Ellen wasn’t helping much either as every time their bodies touched he felt such a lust and desire to abandon work and explore Ellen’s curvy body urgently. Looking at Ellen, who had her head resting on her hand with her elbow on the table, he sensed she could do with a break too. Running his fingers through her thick silky hair without even checking if anyone saw he let his finger tips tickle the back of her neck as Ellen turned smiling, though her forehead seemed tense.

“Is there somewhere we could get some air for a bit? Not outside in the car park though as I definitely don’t fancy being hounded by TV journalists right now. My head feels like it’s being fried and I think a breath of air might help.”

He leaned closer to Ellen’s face, longing to kiss her but having just enough self control not to.

“Plus I’ve been desperate to kiss you since I got here. We can spare five minutes can’t we?”

Ellen’s cheeks reddened and her eyes sparkled as she slid her hand close to Daniel’s brushing his fingers lightly but not quite taking his hand. Closing his laptop and putting away the papers he followed Ellen as she walked towards the lifts. Walking into an empty lift Daniel waited until the doors closed before pulling Ellen into his arms and kissing her deeply. Ellen’s mouth responded quickly though her body seemed tense and restless. Coming out at the 7th floor on the very top deck Daniel was delighted to see no one else around as he kept his arm around Ellen as they walked out. Exposed and open the top deck was cooler, breezier and rather romantic feeling as Ellen guided Daniel around a closed off swimming pool to some metal seats where they sat down side by side with Daniel’s arm around Ellen.

“Wow it’s amazing up here. I didn’t even know this bit existed. I bet it’s even better out at sea looking up at the stars.”

“I’m sure it is though I’d forgotten it was much windier up here. Actually Daniel I can’t stay up here long. I meant to go to the loo earlier when I last checked on Mykhaila’s mum but then I met Yeva and it slipped my mind. The cold air here isn’t helping either.”

“You really shouldn’t say things like that Ellen when I’ve been gagging for you all day. I’m sure young Mykhaila has already guessed we like each other. Do we really have to keep our feelings secret until this cruise leaves? It’s so hard to not kiss you sometimes, especially when you’re all fidgety like that.”

“Oh believe me I’m struggling too. Every time your arm or elbow touches me or you even just look at me I want you so badly. I have to keep reminding myself we have so much work to do. And I’m sorry about the fidgeting. I just need the loo more than I thought I did before thinking of bringing you up here. I still can’t get over you never going all day at work. We’ve been drinking tea and coffee all day and I’m ready to burst here but you’re as cool as a cucumber.”

“Don’t believe everything you see Ellen. I kept losing concentration down stairs because I’ve been wanting to piss quite a while now. It’s only eased a bit because I’m alone with you at last and getting hard thinking about you. If it wasn’t quite as breezy up here I’d be stripping you right this minute. You look and smell so beautiful.”

Daniel rubbed his hand gently down Ellen’s leg.

“And I’m loving these calf length leggings you’ve been wearing lately. Seeing a bit of your gorgeous legs only makes me pine for more though.”

Ellen shuddered at the touch of Daniel’s warm hand on her bare skin at her ankles and shins as Daniel let his hand run back up Ellen’s leg suggestively as he came up her inside leg this time getting closer and closer to her crotch.

“You ok honey? You seem very squirmy?”

Ellen wriggled on the cold metal seat her legs fanning in and out at the knees as her top teeth bit her lower lip.

“Are you really bursting my darling?”

Eleven nodded as Daniel let his hand push against Ellen’s crotch over her legging as she squeezed his hand every time her legs fanned in. He would have settled for a long hug and some sexy kissing but this was so much better than even expected and the spontaneity of it made it even better again.

*164*2023-07-26 23:43

Ellen struggles with distractions

The morning seemed to zoom by for Ellen in a blur of checking in on Mykhaila’s mum, working beside Daniel and answering the constant flow of emails. Feeling a little overwhelmed by the amount of people wanting to get involved she was glad when Daniel agreed to an early morning meeting first thing the following day to get everything organised and delegated. Constantly adding to the ever growing to do list Ellen kept them both going by ferrying tea and coffee from the canteen. Working through lunch with yet more hot drinks and a warm filled roll each Ellen was starting to think they were never going to be organised in time for the ship’s departure.

Needing a break from the computer screen a few hours later Ellen decided to do another quick check on Mrs Kravchenco. Standing up from the chair she realised, quite suddenly, that she had a strong need to wee. She was just heading towards the nearest loo when she bumped into Yeva, a lovely worker from the Red Cross who was another regular on the ship. Guessing Ellen had just come from the Kravencho cabin she asked kindly after Diana before offering to pop in and check on her later for Ellen. Grateful for the help Ellen turned to head back to Daniel, only realising on her return that she’d completely forgotten about going to the loo! Not wanting to rush away from Daniel yet again she decided to wait for a bit before excusing herself to go if she got to the point it was too urgent to wait any longer.

Engrossed in a document that had been sent to Daniel which he’d forwarded on Ellen rested her head on her hand while reading, her legs crossed tightly at her ankles. Struggling to focus, and finding herself rereading the same paragraph over and over, she was overjoyed when Daniel suggested they take a break and get some air. Thinking immediately about her favourite ‘thinking spot’, where she often disappeared to when needing time alone, she headed straight to the lifts with Daniel right behind her.

Alone in the lift Ellen’s emotions and hormones soared as Daniel held her tight and kissed her hungrily. Feeling his hand on the back of her neck sent shivers right through her as she leant into his body and breathed in his erotic scent. With thoughts of her bladder long forgotten in the excitement of kissing Daniel it came as a rude interruption when they stepped out into the high open deck with the cool breeze blowing on the bare lower part of her leg as her body suddenly reminded her starkly of its rather urgent need.

At least wanting to show Daniel her favourite place in the huge upper deck she held his hand and pulled him past the closed off open air swimming pool and to some metal seating right at the back of the ship. Looking out across the Clyde Ellen imagined being out at sea in summer with the sun shining on her face or the stars twinkling above her, though sitting on the cold seat only made her need to wee much worse as she automatically wriggled and fidgeted finally confessing to Daniel why she was so antsy.

Daniel clearly had other ideas though as he ran his hand from her hips to her ankle making her skin tickle before slowly running his hand back up the inside of her leg. It was the sexiest distraction Ellen could ever imagine as she fanned her legs in and out at her knees trying to think of anything other than her urgent need to wee. Despite starting to feel frisky with all that Daniel was doing, his hand now firmly pushing at her crotch as her legs fanned in and out, Ellen’s bladder was very much insistent in its constant reminders of requiring to be emptied. Daniel, though, was every bit as persistent too as he moved his fingers back and forth pressing the palm of his hand against her now pulsating vagina all while sucking at her neck like she was deliciously edible.

Hating her body for it’s incessant need to wee in a very inconvenient time and place Ellen did everything in her power to ignore it’s tingling and urges as she squirmed and wriggled hard against Daniel’s hand. Forcing herself to stay where she was despite her mind yelling at her to go to the loo she used her hand to rub Daniel’s very obvious swelling as she thoroughly enjoyed hearing his sweet pleasurable moans in her ear as he paused between sucks. Daniel didn’t get the message from her brain though as he stopped sucking in order to speak.

“How bad is it honey?”

“Mmmm. What do you mean?”

“How bad is your need to pee? From the way you are moving on my hand it sure seems like you want to go very badly?”

“Oh that? You’re just exciting me that’s all.”

“Really? Even with all that tea you’ve been drinking?”

“I’m a professional Daniel. It’s not like it’s draughty up here and I haven’t been since really early this morning, or that I’m sitting on a freezing metal chair or anything. I’m fine. Of course I am.”

“So you wouldn’t object if I say…removed my hand like this at all?”

Daniel suddenly pulled his hand away whilst winking suggestively at Ellen. With nothing to push against Ellen immediately crossed her legs very tightly to prevent her body leaking as she slid her own hand in between her legs urgently.

“Nope. That didn’t affect me at all. Not one bit.”

“Yes. Yes I can see that.”

Now standing watching her avidly Daniel had one hand in his pocket as he teased Ellen more with his words.

“I mean if it’s not really that bad then surely you could…you know…open those gorgeous legs of yours?”

Ellen looked up at Daniel her eyes a curious mix of fun and determination as she nodded then uncrossed her legs and opened them as wide as she could, immediately pressing both hands palm down firmly on the seat between her legs as she tensed and pushed back into the cold metal seat as much as her large bottom allowed.

“I can do that. See. No bother at all.”

“Oh that’s good to know. And what about if I suggested standing up with say your hands out to your side? I’m sure a professional lady of your standing could do that no problem at all. I think you should prove that to me, don’t you?”

Ellen looked up at Daniel wriggling her bottom trying to work out how far he might take this. They had hours of work to do downstairs and as much as this was great fun she was seriously doubting how much longer she could keep her bladder at bay. Deciding this would be the last game she tensed every muscle she could and quickly moved her hands from the seat so her arms were outstretched to the side before pressing them back on the seat and twisting her body. Dying to wee by now she was about to call quits on the fun when Daniel chuckled a little. His laughter was spell binding making Ellen feel flushed and moist as his voice made her smile from the inside out.

“That’s the strangest standing I think I have ever seen. Full marks for trying though.”

Something inside Ellen rose up, a foolish determination to prove herself, to accept the challenge even though her body was demanding she couldn’t. Rising from the cold seat she stood up straight with both arms out to her side facing Daniel as he suddenly stepped towards her and pulled her cropped leggings and pants down a little. Gasping and shaking both in urgent desperation and in shock Ellen shivered as the cold air circulated around her upper legs and thighs. With his head now right in front of hers Daniel whispered erotically in her ear.

“Lean on me to balance while you crouch and go baby. Please. For me.”

Ellen bent down on her knees, gripping Daniel around his waist to balance, as she prayed that he’d pulled her leggings and pants down far enough to avoid getting them soaked. Not even having a fraction of a second to be able to check she felt the thick drip of warm urine that had been precariously blocking her urethra from bursting fall as a torrent of wee cascaded behind it from her vagina onto the ground as it formed a large puddle all around Daniel’s expensive immaculate black shoes. As Daniel ran his fingers through her thick hair and spoke into her ear Ellen finally allowed her body to fully relax as her bladder dumped its entire contents onto the deck of the cruise ship not caring where it ran to or splashed.

“You’re such a good girl Ellen. Keeping all that inside for so long. Such a beautiful sexy girl doing this for me. I think I shall reward you later my honey. Goodness you must have needed that my lovely. You must have been so desperate to go. Absolutely bursting I would say. That’s it. Let it all out. Daniel doesn’t mind. Daniel doesn’t mind one bit that you are peeing all over his socks and shoes. You can’t help it now can you my darling. You sure you’re not peeing for Scotland there? You’ll be competing with the Clyde if you don’t stop soon!”

Ellen stared at the massive running puddle she’d formed as she pulled her clothes back up and smiled at Daniel.

“Oops. Maybe I did need to go just a little bit.”

*166*2023-07-27 13:05

{{13 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

I’m loving this!

}}

Thank you. It so encouraging to hear that

*167*2023-07-27 23:00

Before leaving the top deck

It had all been rather spontaneous, sudden, but also incredibly sexy, when Ellen sat in front of him in the open top deck fidgeting and squirming in obvious need. Daniel hadn’t planned on anything more than light teasing but when Ellen played along willingly, even denying what was blatantly obvious, the rush of adrenaline and testosterone that surged through him made him want so much more. This was more than he ever dreamt possible as a beautiful, professional, fuller, curvy lady he fancied like crazy teased him sexually just by her movements and words alone. Thinking of the many mugs of tea he’d watched Ellen drink while working with him, knowing she hadn’t been to the loo most likely since arriving early on the ship to help Mykhaila, was almost too much for Daniel as his long hard penis jerked inside his suit trousers and his eyes felt like they might explode in lust.

Yet the practicalities were just as obvious: the ground was hard and damp beneath them, the seats were cold, fixed to the floor and had hard metal arms jutting out, and the threatening clouds above might make the heavens open at any moment. Containing himself just enough as Ellen determinedly stated she could hold her arms out to her side while standing up Daniel knew if Ellen didn’t pee in the next minute his penis might just explode in his underwear. Grabbing Ellen around the waist he hitched her leggings and underpants down forcing himself to look away as his hormones struggled yet again. Whispering to Ellen telling her to hold him while she squatted and peed Daniel closed his eyes fighting against the pressure to cum as the sound of Ellen’s urine hitting the ground made him moan longingly.

Whispering to Ellen exactly the thoughts in his head he felt his body throbbing in need as Ellen continued releasing as he could feel his ankles warming as he guessed pee was splashing on his shoes and socks. Incredibly, as Ellen finally finished and steadied herself to stand again, Daniel realised that he hadn’t actually cum, though he was very very close. Helping Ellen pull up her clothing again he pulled her hair aside to kiss her neck fondly just as Ellen entwined her fingers in his.

“We should really get back to work. There’s probably people looking for us and it’ll only raise suspicions if we can’t be found.”

Ellen moved back towards the closed pool pulling Daniel along with her. They hadn’t even reached the lifts when Daniel stopped, making Ellen suddenly stop too.

“What?”

“It’s just…”

“Spit it out Daniel. What’s up?”

“It’s quieter here. Just us. And..”

“And what?”

“And….can you wait here for me a few minutes. I’ll not be long.”

Daniel let go of Ellen’s hand, watching as she kept her fingers out towards him as if longing for him still. Daniel quickly turned around and almost ran back past the length of the closed pool, around the front of it where they had just been, and towards the other corner checking all around to make sure he couldn’t be seen. Shaking with anxiety, combined with a sharp urgent need to piss, he stood close to the pool edge with his legs apart trying to settle his fast heart rate and relax as he unzipped his suit trousers and fished out his dick. Waiting that crucial second for the hose to turn on he very nearly jumped overboard in fright when he heard Ellen’s puffed out voice behind him.

“You know you could have just said you needed a wee!”

Turning around automatically, his penis still in his hand, Daniel lowered his eye gaze to Ellen’s feet like a dog having been caught chewing something it shouldn’t have. Trying to laugh off the embarrassment Daniel muttered half to Ellen and half to himself.

“I seem to remember you denying you had to go just a matter of minutes ago.”

Ellen laughed, then took a step closer to Daniel who stood there like a little lost child with his head down, his penis half limp in his hand tingling with need and his face feeling hotter than ever. Dying to release but struggling to switch the switch on to start he half turned back to hide himself even though deep down he knew he had nothing to be ashamed of. Standing there knowing Ellen was right behind him wasn’t helping matters as Daniel tried valiantly to start pissing, the need incredibly strong and beginning to sting a little. Angry at his body for not being able to just relax he could feel the frustration building as he sensed Ellen still watching. Wondering if he should just give up and try finding a quiet toilet, perhaps even the one they used yesterday near the theatre, Daniel was about to tuck his dick away when he felt Ellen touch his free hand. Now standing right beside him he naturally leant his head down so his forehead met with Ellen’s.

“God I hate my bladder sometimes. I’m so bursting but it’s just refusing to come out. A minute ago by the lifts I honestly thought I was gonna piss myself too. Can we just go to that loo by the theatre and I’ll try going there?”

Letting his dick go so he could open his trousers to tuck himself away Daniel shuddered as he felt something brush against his tender sensitive penis. Naturally going to touch his penis again he realised quickly that Ellen had her hand gently over it preventing him putting it in his trousers.

“Have I ever told you how much I love your penis? It’s so warm and soft and kissable. You don’t mind me doing this do you?”

Daniel didn’t mind one bit, well other than the fact he didn’t want to pee all over Ellen. He could feel blood rushing to his tingling dick though in reality he knew his need to pee was dominating more than anything else as he bent forward slightly rubbing his aching bladder with his hand. Shaking his head to reassure Ellen that he didn’t mind he wanted to cry a little with the pressure from his bladder. Ellen must have noticed as she looked at him concerned, still holding his penis gently.

“When did you last go?”

“At home this morning. I don’t usually need to go this bad. I never go at work but the amount of coffee I’ve had today has been insane. I just need to fucking piss so bad!

“Right. Then we’re staying right here until you go. So how do you like to stand? Facing the wall like you were?”

Daniel turned his body as Ellen turned hers, still holding his aching member in her hand.

“Try and relax. Take deep breaths. Imagine you’re in the shower with warm running water tickling your naked body. Imagine you’re standing at a water fall with its burbling cascading flow rippling down before your eyes. Imagine you are looking at a large beautiful garden with sprinklers swishing and swirling and splashing cool clear water all around making everywhere wet and watery. Now imagining your car is getting washed and you are holding a long thick powerful garden hose. 

The outside tap is turned up full and you can feel the water powerfully oozing through the tubing as it bursts out loudly and suddenly as you have to steady yourself to hold the pressure back…it spurts…that’s it…then spurts again…just like that…you think there’s a problem but there isn’t. It’s just like an air blockage or something so you move ever so slightly before…whoosh…yes! Exactly like this Daniel. Water your car baby. Soak those flowers. Make that amazing waterfall. Keep it coming honey. Get it all out. It feels exquisite doesn’t it.”

Daniel took a big relaxing breath in and out as he listened blissfully to his own piss running down the outside of the pool feeling the sweetest touch of Ellen Hemmingdale’s hand on his sensitive peeing dick. He had so much to reward this lady for now. She deserved so much and he couldn’t wait to show her just how much he appreciated and liked her. Perhaps she might even be willing to come home with him tonight. He so hoped she would.

God he wanted to fuck her so badly as he felt his penis responding to his thoughts in it’s familiar way even as it dribbled out the last of the contents of his bladder at last.

*168*2023-07-28 22:26

Daniel’s offer to Ellen

Dressed again and feeling greatly relieved Ellen was now anxious to get back to work thinking of Mykhaila returning from school, the many others who might be looking for her or Daniel, plus the ridiculously long to do list they had to work through. Pulling Daniel towards the lifts he seemed slow, reluctant, stressed even. When he suddenly rushed off away she knew she had to follow him right away. It was out of character to see Daniel like that and Ellen was concerned. With the deck empty other than them Ellen found Daniel right around the other side of the huge ship easily, his feet spread apart and his body facing the outside of the closed swimming pool. Recognising the stance immediately she now understood why he’d been so hesitant to go back downstairs.

Feeling like she needed to let him know she was there she matter of factly commented that he could have just said he had to wee. She hadn’t meant to startle him but seeing him turn around like a frightened deer with his penis in his hand she had to admit he looked incredibly sexy. Obviously embarrassed he remarked something that instantly made her laugh, something Daniel seemed to be able to do so easily these days as she felt more relaxed than ever in his company.

Realising that he was struggling to get his let down reflex to kick in she stared openly at his gorgeous cock as she felt it was now or never. As Daniel went to tuck himself away she moved swiftly putting her hand in the way to prevent him as she revelled in the delight of holding his warm slippery penis in her hand. Holding it tightly it began growing and swelling almost instantly as Ellen stroked it lightly with her thumb knowing Daniel was desperately wanting to pee. For her this was a dream come true, a long held fantasy, a longing finally getting fulfilled as she encouraged Daniel to return to standing facing the swimming pool wall as she aimed his half erect smooth penis towards it.

Still struggling to go Ellen described in detail every water related scene she could think of until finally feeling a jut and shudder in Daniel’s penis as a pulse zoomed along it under pressure and warm, almost clear, liquid splashed out as she adjusted the aim accordingly. Watching the wall darken and run with urine Ellen was giddy with excitement and desire as Daniel’s body released a huge torrent of warm liquid guided by her own hard. As the stream finally slowed to a trickle and then dribbles she shook it gently then pulled Daniel’s foreskin back running her thumb across the smooth tip to ensure that all his wee was out. Feeling the shaft thicken and lengthen even more Ellen stroked it a few more times before gently attempting to tuck it back into Daniel’s suit trousers, though that was much harder than she expected. As Daniel helped her and kissed her lightly on her forehead they both began walking back towards the lifts hand in hand.

Back downstairs Ellen returned to work as if nothing had happened as Daniel walked off only to return with two cartons of juice. Smiling he handed one to Ellen.

“Mykhaila showed me where these were this morning. I thought you might be thirsty. I know I am. “

From then on in they barely had so much as a chance to speak as Mykhaila came home from school full of news of her trip, Celine needed to talk to her urgently about some things and Daniel’s mobile seemed to ring so often Ellen thought she’d hear the ringtone in her sleep! As some of the charity and government workers began leaving at the end of their working day, and residents began filling the restaurant yet again for their tea, Ellen looked at her to do list and wanted to scream. They had barely made a dent in it and they still hadn’t prepared for the meeting the next morning. 

Knowing she’d either have to work on for hours on the ship risking being interrupted by refugees asking questions or wanting to chat or she’d have to work late alone at home she sighed quietly. She preferred the company of the ship but knowing that realistically she would get much more accomplished at home without interruptions she tidied up her desk area as best she could and looked around for Daniel to let him know her plans.

She’d just slipped her iPad into her bag when Daniel appeared looking as harassed as she felt.

“That was Keith on the phone. He really wants to be at the meeting in the morning. He suggested we even make it an open meeting for all those concerned. I said that it was more about working out who was doing what and ensuring everything was covered and there wasn’t any duplication or wasted time. He thinks we need to involve the clients more, let them have autonomy over their own well-being and all that crap. I mean it sounds good on paper, and I am not against them being involved where possible, but time isn’t on our side Ellen. We’d need translators again which would drag it on longer, then there would be like a billion irrelevant questions that we don’t have time for. Anyway, of course he wants to be there. So what the heck do we do now?”

“Ok. Let’s just take a moment. He’s surely not going to travel all the way here for a 9am meeting is he? Have you got zoom on your laptop? What about he join us virtually? Maybe when he sees just how many people and organisations we are trying to organise here he will understand how much this is for you? He can have his say but if necessary you can mute him if needed. 

He won’t like it but we could just put it down to technical issues or something, couldn’t we? As for including the residents here. Well between those who work, those in education, those too unwell like Diana, and those who will have other arrangements already made especially given the current circumstances, I think we may as well let anyone who wants to just be there.

If someone here can translate fine but if not then it’s too late to get one now. I’m more worried that we haven’t even sorted properly yet what we want organised tomorrow. Between people here needing me this afternoon and your phone we just haven’t had time. I’ll have a think tonight and do what I can. It won’t be anything fancy like your PowerPoint mind you. I’ll email you from home tonight if that’s ok?”

Ellen looked at Daniel as he packed up his laptop and slipped on his suit jacket which he’d hung on his chair earlier. Ellen had absolutely no doubt that if anyone could handle the stress of the current situation it was Daniel Omari: the reliable, hard working, get on with the job, committed man who she admired greatly and fancied like mad. With his hair a little unkept from rushing around and his dark skin glowing with sweat he’d never looked more appealing even in his tired end of the day stressed look.

“Actually Ellen I was wondering…do you want to come to mine…just until we finalise everything for tomorrow’s meeting? It’s obvious we won’t be able to work on in here without interruptions, however well intended, and it will be much quicker than emailing and phoning all evening.”

Ellen had no idea where Daniel lived nor what his living arrangements even were. Until Monday she’d never even been in Daniel’s car and until last week they’d never even corresponded outside of work hours. Yet looking Daniel in the eye and thinking of all they had done together recently she knew what she was about to say before her mouth even uttered a word. Blushing a little with adrenaline and excitement she reached out and rubbed Daniel’s arm affectionately.

“That sounds perfect. Thank you.”

*169*2023-07-29 22:28

Daniel welcomes Ellen to his house

As if Ellen holding his penis while he pissed wasn’t enough Daniel felt his head spin as Ellen calmly pulled his foreskin back gently then rubbed the sensitive tip with what he assumed was her thumb. It felt so incredible that it was all he could do to stop himself stripping and making love to Ellen then and there as his penis warmed quickly filling with blood. Of course, Ellen being ever the professional, showing greater self control, and altogether a better person, proceeded to then put his penis back in his trousers! Swallowing and stepping back to steady himself he followed her lead obediently despite everything in him craving much much more.

By the time they were back downstairs, in the busy noisy public area of the ship, Daniel’s hormones were calmer as he switched from lover mode to worker mode almost seamlessly, aided by the ringing of his mobile and people wanting to talk to them both before they’d even sat down. That set the tone for the rest of the day as Daniel struggled to even sit down beside Ellen let alone touch her or smile at her. It was as if fate was keeping them apart for their own safety, though Daniel so longed to be alone with Ellen once again.

Most calls, emails and face to face chats were encouraging, informative or inquisitive. All except the one call from Dundee where Keith now suddenly seemed to change. Going on and on about involving the refugees themselves more rather than doing everything without their input he sounded to Daniel as if he was angry at him, insisting he become more involved and even demanding that he attended the meeting the following morning despite the geographical distance away. Feeling forlorn, stressed, and frustrated Daniel was glad when the call ended, though he dreaded the thought of seeing Keith the next morning.

Updating Ellen Daniel found himself calming quickly as just seeing her seemed to help enormously. Her idea of Keith attending virtually lifted a weight off his shoulders as he felt more in control of things again as he hoped Keith would find this agreeable. Ellen also had another valid point: they were behind with work and far too disorganised for the following day’s meeting. Knowing how much he needed Ellen’s knowledge and connections Daniel worried about them working separately as he found himself calmly asking Ellen if she was willing to come back to his to work.

Shocked, but delighted, that she’d agreed they left the ship together walking down the gantry towards his car. It was already beginning to get dark and drizzling with rain again as Daniel held the passenger door open for Ellen just like he’d done on Monday morning for that fateful trip to Dundee. Glad to see the media had all moved on he drove out the car park listening to Ellen updating him on numerous conversations she’d had since they’d last spoken. It felt so natural having Ellen beside him now, so normal, that he could barely remember what it was like driving alone.

Pulling up the his garage he got out quickly to open the double doors trying his best to not get his favourite grey suit wet. Driving in slowly he parked up and turned the engine off as Ellen quipped laughing,

“So this is where you live then? It’s not what I expected I have to say!”

Daniel couldn’t help but laugh a little too, his nerves making it sound slightly fake. Playing along he joked back.

“You’re not criticising my humble abode are you? Have you seen the price of property in this area of Glasgow? I mean what more could I want? There’s a suitcase to sit on, a bbq over there to cook with, a radio for entertainment and I even have lights, see?”

“Is there an en-suite though?”

“Emmm…there’s a bucket over there if that’s any use?”

Ellen laughed, that hearty full body laugh that Daniel had always adored so much. Visualising Ellen actually using the bucket as a loo he could feel his penis swelling inside his suit. Hooking Ellen’s arm in his he guided her outside, speedily closing the doors, then rehooked his arm and raced to the back door with her. Unlocking the door he pushed it open and held it while Ellen walked it. Leaning over her to turn on the light he brushed his hand on her cheek feeling physically drawn to Ellen so much and excited just at the touch of her skin.

“Ah so you do have a kettle and not just a bbq. I’m impressed.”

“Would you be even more impressed if I told you it works? Fancy a tea before we get to work?”

“You know me Daniel. I never turn down a mug of tea. Your kitchen is beautiful by the way. One of my foster dad’s fitted kitchens for a living. He’d have liked this one. It has that all important triangle formation working perfectly.”

“You’ve lost me?”

“Fridge, sink, cooker. If you have all three in a sort of triangle it makes a kitchen so much more practical. The three most used areas of a kitchen. I only lived with George and Linda for 17 months but I was always listening to George talk about his kitchen fitting. I always dreamt one day I’d have my own house with a nice kitchen.”

Busying himself filling and boiling the kettle Daniel turned to look at Ellen as he spoke to her.

“And now you’ve got that eh.”

“Not really. I live in a one bed private rented tiny maisonette that costs me nearly three quarters of my wages each month and doesn't even have it’s own parking space. The kitchen isn’t much bigger than a walk in wardrobe, it smells of dampness, and the kitchen tap has been leaking ever since I moved in. But this…this is a kitchen. I’m impressed by this.”

Daniel finished making the tea and coffee as he nodded for Ellen to come on into the lounge. He usually preferred working at the kitchen table but tonight he wanted to be more comfortable, to feel Ellen beside him on the sofa, and for things to be a little more…intimate. He was in no rush for Ellen to leave tonight. No rush at all.

*170*2023-07-31 21:54

Daniel asks Ellen a question

Heading in the opposite direction of her own poky maisonette Ellen gazed out the window at the posh houses in Hillington that were originally build after the war as social housing. Now with new windows, mono-blocked driveways, freshly painted exteriors and expensive cars outside it was obvious that almost all were now privately owned. There was no graffiti or kids hanging around drinking and the only person she saw out in the dark drizzly evening was someone walking their dog.

Feeling a little out of place Ellen covered her awkwardness with humour in her usual way joking as Daniel pulling into a garage. In credit to Daniel he took the joke well and played along. Ellen was amazed at Daniel having a garage but she was even more impressed at his large well laid out kitchen. Knowing a bit about kitchen’s from one of her many foster homes she knew how much a kitchen like Daniel’s cost without even thinking of the appliances he had all around. Ellen felt like she was in a show home though watching Daniel make tea and coffee it was easy to relax in his presence.

Moving into his spacious neutrally decorated lounge via an archway Ellen fell in love with the large bay window instantly as fond memories of a cottage holiday at the seaside with yet another foster family came to her memory. Longing to ask for a tour of the rest of the house Ellen looked over at Daniel, but he was now sitting on his couch with his laptop open and his coffee sat on a nearby little table. Taking the hint that he wanted to get on with work she moved to sit beside him anxious not to get too close to avoid them touching.

It wasn’t that she didn’t want to touch Daniel, far from it in fact. The problem was that any physical contact with him made her head spin and her body jump to action and right now they had way too much work on for that to distract them. Reaching for her tea she took a sip then placed the mug back down as Daniel brought the spreadsheet up and scrolled down to where they left off. Although knowing everyone’s names on the cruise ship there were some people who even Ellen didn’t know all that well, the ones who tended to be more private and reserved, who didn’t speak any English or tended not to use the public areas as much. Filling in what she did know Daniel typed as she dictated as he simultaneously pulled up the to-do list in Word and added to it as more things became apparent to them both.

When that was finished they moved onto getting organised for the morning meeting setting up a video link and sending it on by email to Keith explaining that they felt this was a better use of his time, including the fact that he could sent it on to others if he saw fit. By around 8pm the agenda was finally complete and their mugs were empty. Ellen stood up to take the empty mugs into the kitchen as Daniel closed down his laptop. She hadn’t even reached the sink when she felt Daniel’s presence right behind her. Turning around he was stood facing her, close enough to touch as he reached out with both hands to take her hands in his before stepping closer to her and kissing her lightly on the lips.

“You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting to do that!”

Feeling a little self conscious and nervous at being in Daniel’s house for the first time, still half expecting someone to walk in, Ellen smiled anxiously.

“Are you in a hurry to get home? I was thinking we could maybe have something to eat first? I’m afraid I can’t cook at all. My mother says I could burn a salad, but I can use just eat if you fancy pizza or Chinese or Italian perhaps? What do you say? No pressure, it’s just…well what about it’s my thank you for all your help on Mission New Adventure.”

“Operation New Adventure. I think you’ve been working far too long Daniel, forgetting the project name.”

“Yes. Yes of course. Project New Adventure. I did know that it’s just…I get a little distracted when I’m around a certain hot sexy woman.”

Ellen giggled like a little child glowing in the compliment but understanding completely where Daniel was leading to. Looking in his puppy dog eyes, which glinted with lust and want, she felt special, wanted and very womanly, things she hadn’t felt in such a long time until Monday morning when they’d first kissed.

*171*2023-08-01 23:01

Stalling Ellen

Initially standing by his bay window Daniel was delighted when Ellen joined him on the couch as they set about working through their spreadsheet and Word document. Ellen’s knowledge was so crucial but the more she shared the more complex the situation seemed to become. Realising how much support they would need from the NHS, social security, schools, colleges, universities, work places, charities and the the local communities both in Glasgow and Dundee Daniel couldn’t help but worry how it might all come together in such a short space of time. Ellen, as always, was more positive and excited but even she looked tired by the time they finally called it a night around 8pm.

It was much later than Daniel usually ate his dinner and his stomach was reminding him of this quite loudly when Ellen stood up and took their empty mugs into the kitchen while he closed down the laptop. Realising that the only meals he had in where those his mother had made for him in his freezer he quickly went through to the kitchen to try and persuade Ellen to stay and eat with him, hoping she wouldn’t object to a take away. Seeing her standing at his sink he was almost overwhelmed at how beautiful she looked as he longed to touch her and kiss her so much. Watching and waiting for her to turn around he gave in to his thoughts as he stepped closer to her and allowed their lips to meet once again. He’d never tire of the feeling of Ellen’s lips on his but he wanted to be a gentleman and they were both tired and hungry.

Pulling back he grinned like a cat that got the cream as Ellen giggled that way he loved so much then nodded in agreement to staying for food. Pulling his phone out quickly before she changed her mind he typed in just eat into google and held the phone out to Ellen to see. Scrolling through the options his stomach groaned in hunger just reading them as he hoped Ellen wouldn’t take long to choose. Settling on pizza Daniel placed the order before automatically getting plates and cutlery out and setting them out at the dining table as his mother had raised him to do. Pulling a chair out for Ellen he made them both a glass of fresh juice then he sat down opposite Ellen waiting on the delivery arriving.

Feeling awkward and unused to company Daniel was glad when Ellen started chatting to break the silence though he still wasn’t fully comfortable revealing all that she seemed to be asking about regarding his family, the house and so much more. He understood she was just making conversation and getting to know him more but opening up to anyone made him feel vulnerable and he hated that feeling greatly. Answering with basic information only he was much happier when Ellen began talking more about herself, talking about different foster families she’d lived with and all the towns she’d moved to. Suddenly feeling grateful for his own mother and the few years he knew his father his heart went out to Ellen as he struggled to imagine how she’d coped with all she’d been through.

By the time the food finally arrived it was almost quarter to nine and Daniel was famished. Watching Ellen eating and drinking Daniel realised she must have been too as she spoke less and less as she ate and drank freely. Curiously to Daniel she was eating direct from the pizza box leaving her plate untouched whereas he lifted each slice carefully onto his plate before cutting up and eating with a fork. Of course by the time they were finished Daniel couldn’t help smiling at Ellen as her lips were now covered in tomato sauce from the pizza. Fetching a piece of kitchen roll he walked over right beside Ellen bending down to her height as she sat on his dining chair as he gently dabbed at her lips to clean them. Their eyes locked together Daniel thought about kissing Ellen again but instead stood up putting the used paper in the bin before loading his dishwasher and clearing away the rubbish.

If Ellen stayed over, which he sorely hoped she would, he didn’t want to wake in the morning when thy had another important meeting and find his kitchen still untidy from the night before. Ellen was now following his lead as he wiped the table as she slid their chairs back in.

“I hate a dirty kitchen.”

“I can understand. I should head home now. Can you take me back to the port so I can pick up my car please. That was delicious. Thank you. I really appreciated you paying.”

Thinking quickly because his heart sank at the thought of Ellen leaving he let his eyes wander around the kitchen quickly in the hope his brain would come up with something to stall Ellen without making her feel he was forcing her to stay.

“Tea! Stay for one last cuppa will you? I’m sure I heard you say this afternoon that you never turn down a cuppa? Please?”

*172*2023-08-03 22:06

Having doubts

Ellen couldn’t deny she was hungry, and not just for food. Thankful that Daniel wasn’t one of those people with more allergies than sand on the beach they happily agreed on a couple of pizzas with some potato wedges as a side. The deal included a bottle of fizzy juice which Ellen drank only occasionally due to the price but since Daniel offered to pay she was happy to go along with it.

Then things seemed to change as Daniel set the table formally as if it was Christmas or something complete with table cloth, napkins and matching cutlery. Then when he did eventually sit down he seemed stiffer, more closed and awkward than Ellen had seen him before. Chatting to him was like chatting with a pet who just stared back at you. It wasn’t sexy or friendly and Ellen was starting to get sick of the sound of her own voice as she kept talking to try and bridge the awkward silence. Assuming she’d upset Daniel in some way Ellen mirrored his behaviour by drawing back hoping for some feedback as to what had changed since they’d ordered food.

Finally the food arrived as Ellen ate hungrily only noticing how strangely Daniel was eating when she’d devoured almost half her meal. Watching him as she ate she noticed him carefully manoeuvre each slice out the box balancing it on his knife before placing it on a plate, cutting it into bite size chunks then using a fork to pick them up and eat. Struggling to shake the familiar feeling she’d struggled with for months before their trip to Dundee she couldn’t help now but think how different Daniel was to her, how upper class he seemed to be, how much out of her league he was.

Picking another slice up in her hands and biting into it with the cheese hanging out her mouth thoughts that Daniel was judging her, criticising her and embarrassed by her dominated her mind. Thinking back to how he was in the charity shop in Dundee Ellen wanted home now even though her dinner wasn’t quite finished. She still fancied Daniel, very much so, but they were too different clearly to work even though she wished they weren’t.

As if to confirm that thought just as they finished eating at last Daniel appeared to transform once again into kitchen porter/waiter mode as he set about cleaning his kitchen like she’d somehow contaminated it with her presence. Even when he wiped her mouth, which no felt like a parent wiping a child rather than anything romantic, when their eyes met instead of kissing her, which Ellen expected, he stood up to wipe the table down and empty the kitchen bin! Realising she was no longer wanted Ellen gathered her things and asked to be taken back to the port to get her car. Reasoning in her mind that she’d only came to finish work, which they had done now, she still couldn’t shake that sense of disappointment that things were ending like this.

Thanking Daniel both for his time and dinner Ellen was rather taken aback when he suddenly seemed shocked at her wanting to leave. What had he expected when he’d ignored her in favour of housework and cleaning? Yet now, standing by the kitchen door, he seemed back to the Daniel she’d been with in Dundee, the sexy, exciting, fun man who’d kissed her in a McDonald’s car park and who’d made love to her in a petrol station loo on the way back. That had only been a few days ago and even today they’d shared such close intimate times on the top deck of the cruise ship. Looking in Daniel’s eyes again Ellen saw that same spark and lust that she’d seen just a few hours before.

Brazenly, using her own words now against her, Daniel invited her to stay for a cup of tea.

She didn’t want them to part with any awkwardness, not when they had so much work to do together right now. Not when they had a big meeting first thing in the morning that they had to present a united front on.

What harm could staying for a cup of tea do anyway? She was a grown older woman with no one to answer to.

“Ok. I’ll have a cuppa but then you promise to take me back to my car?”

Daniel nodded. That would have to do, Ellen conceded, as she sat back down again just as Daniel starting filling the kettle with water loudly.

*173*2023-08-07 22:18

Daniel relaxes with Ellen

Switching the kettle on before Ellen could change her mind Daniel breathed a sigh of relief. He’d never dream of forcing Ellen to do anything but he so desperately hoped she’d stay longer. Now he’d found himself nodding in agreement to taking her back for her car after a mug of tea which he absolutely didn’t want to do at all.

Deciding to just make the most of what time he had now he turned to Ellen, smiling as he handed her her tea. Assuming she’d take it through to sit in the lounge instead she pulled a dining chair out and sat down, still with her anorak on and her bag beside her. Following her lead Daniel pulled the opposite chair out and sat down with his freshly made coffee too. Reaching out to touch Ellen’s wrist as she clasped her mug he gently thanked her for agreeing to stay for tea, keeping his hand on her skin a minute longer than necessary. Ellen smiled back, much to Daniel’s relief as she pulled her mug up to take a sip.

Thinking work was the safest topic at present, and knowing how fond Ellen was of those still on the Adventurer II, Daniel tried initiating conversation again.

“It’s weird to think that in just over two weeks time so many kettles could be getting boiled in Tulloch Court in Dundee. At this very same time some might be tired after getting kids to bed, some perhaps trying to keep themselves awake to study longer and some maybe taking a break from unpacking. Remember that guy we met with his dog when we went the wrong way? Wasn’t he going to watch the towers being demolished? I wonder if he’s found out what the plans are for Tulloch Court yet?”

“He’d have to be living on another planet not to know by now Daniel. What with all the press interest there was today. I can’t believe that was just three days ago we met that man. It feels like weeks ago but just like yesterday all at the same time.”

“I know. A week ago tonight we had that big meeting. Can you believe that was a week ago already? I bet Archie still hasn’t officially emailed you about the plans either! I love my job but working for Archie Waters is like working with a demanding toddler. Never any please and thank you’s, nothing is ever his fault and he needs reminded to do things over and over again. Always has his own agenda too does that man.”

“Patronising arrogant twat!”

Daniel spat his coffee out laughing. That was Ellen Hemmingdale at her finest; calling a spade a spade. Three words and she’d summed up his boss up perfectly!

“What? Well he is! I bet he’s on commission for all this moving to Dundee stuff too. He’s got you doing all his work for him while he pokes his head above the parapet just long enough to look important to the press then he’s off back to his cosy office again. I bet he’s never even set foot on the cruise ship has he?”

“He did once, if I remember right. Back when it first came to the dock. For the press though, as you say. And way before any of the refugees were on board. “Luxurious living standards” I believe he stated at the time. Only because everyone felt sorry for the Ukrainian’s then. Can you imagine him saying something like that about accommodation for our own homeless? He says what he knows people want to hear and to the right people. He knows what he’s doing alright.”

“Sounds like it.”

“I know you thought I was a right prat last week. You know, I honestly thought you already knew about the plans and I was only trying to protect you in that meeting. They set you up and I didn’t want to see you hurt. The only good thing that afternoon was them agreeing to the large resettlement package.”

Daniel took a sip of his warm coffee and was about to carry on talking when Ellen beat him, speaking softly while looking down at the table.

“That and the fact you managed to not wee yourself.”

“Ah yes. That too. Christ I’ve never been so bursting ever as I was that day. If it wasn’t for you whisking me off by my arm and dragging me to the gents I would have humiliated myself right in front of that receptionist for sure.”

“And I wouldn’t be sitting here right now in your kitchen with you drinking tea.”

Daniel paused to drink some more coffee and think. Ellen had a point there. Had he not been so utterly desperate to piss then he’d never have left the meeting, Ellen would never have left to help him, he’d never have phoned her that night to apologise and explain things and he’d never have invited her to Dundee to see the tower block.

“I can’t believe I am actually saying this because I was raised to never ever mention needing the bathroom. Even to this day it’s a totally taboo subject to my mother by the way. But I’ve never been so thankful for the fact I was about to piss myself in my entire life. Being with you these last few days has been the best thing to happen to me ever. I actually wake up excited at the thought of seeing you, working with you, just being with you.”

“Have you just told me you wake up with a hard on?”

Daniel spat his coffee out laughing loudly, partly from embarrassment but mostly from the way Ellen just came out with things so bluntly and directly. Looking up at Ellen she was laughing raucously too as she wriggled awkwardly on the chair.

“Sorry. I couldn’t help myself Daniel. You were being so sweet too and then I have to go ruin it with that. I need to calm down though before I wee myself here.”

Daniel might have just admitted, in a round about way, that he woke up hard thinking of Ellen but at least she wasn’t with him then. Now hearing Ellen casually comment as she just did he could feel his penis harden and grow quickly once again, only this time Ellen was right opposite him and within touching, and kissing, distance too. Feeling his face redden he looked down at his almost empty coffee cup knowing if he looked at Ellen at all he’d yearn for her even more. Muttering quietly unsure if he wanted Ellen to hear or not his mouth spoke exactly what was in his head.

“It’s not just when I wake up that I’m hard for you Ellen. When you tell me something like that I desire you so bloody much I could explode.”

Seeing her mug lift off the table then be placed back down sounding empty Daniel wasn’t quite sure what Ellen would say or do next.

*174*2023-08-10 23:04

Ellen’s decision

Wary of getting too comfortable Ellen pulled one of Daniel’s leather dining chairs out again and sat down, keeping her coat on and her bag nearby. One mug of tea and she’d be on her way home again for sure.

That was until Daniel’s warm hand touched hers again, sweetly, almost apologetically, as he thanked her for staying. Regardless how guarded she felt, how confused about Daniel’s behaviour she was at times, feeling his skin touching hers sent prickles right through her body. Trying not to show the effect he had on her Ellen kept her eyes more on her mug of tea and the table rather than on Daniel, acutely aware that looking at him would only heighten her body’s desire. Now Daniel was back to being more relaxed, chatting happily about work, Ellen could sense her invisible walls of protection lowering once again as Daniel’s voice, his welcome scent and even his laugh made her long to be with him and never leave his side.

As her body relaxed with each sip of her tea she found herself showing her real character full of sarcasm, wit and honest truth, which Daniel responded to affectionately and humorously as time seemed to stand still as they chatted freely and easily once again. Both drinking as they spoke Ellen was getting more and more aware with every sip she took that her body was protesting at yet more liquid as an all too familiar pressure built quickly and strongly. The tingling felt pleasurable and the heightened sensations very enjoyable as she looked more at Daniel now as they laughed and chatted easily. As he reminisced about their trip, just a matter of days ago to Dundee, Ellen’s body and mind responded to the pleasant memories as she felt her body warming quickly.

Somehow, without any effort, the conversation moved swiftly from work memories to compliments to teasing as Ellen sensed Daniel was every bit as eager suddenly as she was. All it took though was another private joke and Ellen felt her body abruptly nagging her about its growing need as she wriggled in laugher yet again. Jesting with Daniel that any more laughter might result in her weeing herself she couldn’t help but notice the spark in his eyes and the glint of his smile as she put her empty mug down on the table.

There was no subtlety any more now as Daniel admitted openly and almost crudely that he was ready and willing as Ellen crossed her legs at her ankles and leant forward on the chair trying to calm her overly keen urethra from leaking. Now faced with either allowing their bodies to precede with what they both clearly wanted or ignoring it completely and insisting Daniel took her back for her car Ellen stood up while she thought of what she wanted most. They had both had a very long day at work and tomorrow they had another important meeting first thing. The sensible thing to do would be to go back home to her own bed to be ready and fresh for work the next day. That was definitely the professional, sensible, mature thing to do.

But now standing up the sheer weight of her bladder and its relentless pressure was making even standing still impossible as Ellen found herself moving around from foot to foot anxiously trying to think. Glancing at the back door which lead to Daniel’s garage and car Ellen then turned back to Daniel who was still sitting watching her avidly. Looking down at him, which wasn’t something she experienced often due to his height, she could see the very obvious bulge in his crotch as he parted his legs as if trying to show it to her more. Ever since Daniel’s last comment about desiring her so much when she had to wee Ellen felt just a little self conscious as their conversation seemed to end with words but continue just by their body language.

Now doing a very obvious pee dance still with her anorak on Ellen struggled to make a decision one way or another, her mind so occupied with holding her bladder that she struggled to think clearly. Looking once again in the direction of the door she bit her lip whilst holding the back of the dining chair and bouncing around. Interrupted by Daniel’s voice Ellen turned back to look him in the eye yet again.

“I’ll take you to your car if that’s what you want. You do look rather desperate there though, if you don’t mind me saying so. The cold air when you open that door certainly won’t help either I imagine. Then there’s the time it’ll take me to open my garage and get my car out and then close the garage again. At this time of night I’d really have to lock it too. Can’t take any chances really. Then you’ll still have the drive to the port and then driving your own car home. That’s quite a wait altogether don’t you think? Those are such lovely leggings you have on too. I’d hate to see them ruined by an accident. It’ll be rather annoying having to wash them this late at night too would it not? Especially when I have a very beautiful bathroom here you are welcome to use if you’d like? I mean you do seem very…antsy there Ellen?”

Ellen looked at Daniel who seemed perfectly comfortable still sitting watching her, smirking but winking provocatively too. With a hand now on the top of his leg magnifying his hard on in his trousers Ellen was well aware that Daniel had plans but even knowing this she had to admit there was a lot of truth in what he was saying. Feeling increasingly uncomfortable but equally very aroused too she squirmed around still holding the chair now urgently needing to wee even more. Just the thought of sitting in a car both as a passenger then a driver seemed impossible right now as she let her eyes move away from Daniel’s as she rubbing her thigh and leant forward as another urge tormented her strongly.

“May I…if it’s ok with you?”

“May you what sweetheart? What do you want baby?”

“May I please use your bathroom Daniel?”

“Certainly. I’ll just wash up these mugs then show you where it is. You know how I hate having a messy kitchen now don’t you. You can wait a minute or two now can’t you?”

Ellen nodded like an obedient slave aware that she was a guest in Daniel’s house and having no idea where his bathroom even was. Although bursting she was sure she could hang on just a minute or two, though Daniel still hadn’t yet even got off the chair let alone started washing the mugs which wasn’t helping matters one bit.

