Ms. Tinklebottoms Academy of Capable Girls (Chpt 6)

Author: Mr. Omo

*000*2019-08-11 08:35

All seemed hopeless for the girls who, by some miracle, made it this far without releasing the floodgates. Sara saw Fifi was on the verge if dropping to her knees and going through the same fate as the rest of the girls, and as Cindy and Sandra fell to their knees, desperately shoving their hands between their legs and double crossing them once more.

Looking ahead, Sara saw the remaining girls, bottoms wet and lying in a puddle of their own defeat, with Ms. Pissy still at the frostlines, her thighs and knees pressed together as a spirt of piss made the wet spot on her bottom grow. Quickly, she placed both hands behind her, covering the spot, and shuffled inch by inch toward the bathroom door, seemingly still a million miles away.

Sara looked desperately at this sight, all seeming hopeless and lost, and feeling like just letting it all flow out herself, before snapping out of it as Fifi grabbed onto her sleeve. Looking down to her, she had a flushed face, nervously looking up to Sara before hearing a loud hissing sound, drop after drop falling down to the floor from her panties, piss sliding down her leg as they trembled.

Sara grabbed onto Fifi’s arm, wanting to tell her to try and stop it, but by the looks of it, she couldn’t stop it if she wanted to. Giving a sympathetic sigh, she heard Sandra and Cindy as they squirmed on the floor. “Nonononono!” Exclaimed Cindy, the same hissing noise coming from her as she kneeled forward, pressing her hands down her crotch. Sandra kept grunting and whining, both her hands covering her bottom as a puddle kept growing under her, desperately trying to stop it.

All that was left was Ms. Pissy and Sara, or it would be, if Ms. Pissy hadn’t stopped in her tracks, a few feet from the door, and jammed both her hands down her crotch, a familiar hissing noise being heard as fails to keep it in a second longer. The pee traced down her leg an outline in her leggings, while dripping onto the floor like a broken faucet. Her legs trembled, but a needed sigh of relief came not long after, the piss going much harder and faster out of her and hitting the floor like a hose.

Sara seemed to be the only one left, a few meters away from relief, seeing Wettingsworth leaning against the wall doing a potty dance. She could’ve made it to the bathroom in time, but she didnt want to abandon her best friend as she sat in a puddle of her own piss. Thinking for a second, Sara kneeled down, sitting on the back of her feet, and looked to Fifi, who was on the verge if tears. As Fifi looked to her, she saw a look of calmness and a deep sigh come from Sara, before hearing the piss hit the floor not a second after. Fifi was shocked, seeing as Sara seemed the most capable of making it, before she sat down, still relieving herself as she grabbed Fifi’s hand.

“Now we both wet ourselves” Sara said with a friendly smile. Fifi knew now she did that so she wouldn’t feel alone, and couldnt help but giggle to how well it worked. Sara joined in on the giggling as well, seeing as not only those two, but everyone in Ms. Pissy’s class didnt make it to the bathroom in time. All the girls stared at these two besties laughing in their own puddles of piss, and couldnt help but join in and giggle as well. Even Ms. Pissy, who knew she had to go commando or hope her date liked wet panties for tonight, was giggling too, surprisingly still peeing.

As the girls laughed in their joined failure, Wettingsworth couldnt help but crack a smile at this sight, girls bonding over a shared embarrassing experience. That reminded her of how she and Tinklebottom were, reminding her Tinklebottom was surprisingly still in there. While they all laughed with one another, Wettingsworth hobbled into the bathroom, about to call Tinklebottoms name, before hearing a loud hissing noise, then seeing her face down, bottom up, with her hands pushing on her groin as piss leaked out of her like a broken pipe, a couple feet from the toilet stall. Wettingsworth heard Tinklebottom going “A-Almost....th-there!” As she desperately tried to stop the flow leaking out of her panties.Wettingsworth sighed, the made her way towards Tinklebottom.

Placing a hand on her shoulder, she looked to Tinklebottom, desperate to stop but knowing well she wont, and did the only thing she could. She closed her eyes, and before Tinklebottom knew it, she saw a dark spot grow from her crotch, spreading widely and tracing down her legs, a sigh of relief being heard from Wettingsworth.

Tinklebottom looked to her old friend for a second, before laughing full heartedly, reminding her of the days of her youth. Wettingsworth couldnt help but laugh as well, thinking the exact same thing. Looks like nobody made it to the toilet on time, and in the end, it kind of made their bonds stronger, sharing such an embarrassing accident together.

The Day of Finals

The tests were in session, and Tinklebottoms girls had gone up against the might of many other Academies against these exams. Brain against brain, knowledge to paper, Academy against Academy. All fought hard, but the girls outside of Tinklebottoms Academy didnt have one thing: The ability to hold it. Most if not all the girls outside Tinklebottoms had to pee every 15 minutes, due to nervousness or tiny bladders, all except Tinklebottoms. They held their legs crossed and kept it like that until their tests were aced and turned in. Tinklebottom needed 80% of her girls to hold it during the test. 100% of them did, with minor leaks here and there. With A’s and B’s all across the board, the Tinklebottoms Academy of Capable Girls were able to pass the finals, and enjoy their moment of victory!...you know, after going to the bathroom of course.

And thus, Tinklebottoms Academy has passed its final exams! But is this the end of Tinklebottoms Academy for good? Will there be other series in the works? Will this story be the start of a whole world of Omorashi? And yes, Ms. Pissy wore her damp panties to her date. Her date loved it, because she had wet panties as well. This will notbe the end for Tinklebottoms Academy or other stories I’ll be making, so like always, Stay tuned~

