Waiting for him to finally say

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2025-06-09 22:31

Waiting for him to finally say.

I was thrilled for my son Steven when he told me he was meeting a mate from his work on his day off. He’d really struggled through high school and for ages I really worried if he’d ever get a job as all he seemed interested in was gaming and cars. Then my brother mentioned about maybe looking into an apprenticeship and I found a car dealership willing to take him on as an apprentice in their workshop. That’s where he met Stuart and this particular day was my first time ever meeting him.

Now Steven is legally old enough to drink they’d decided to meet after lunch at the local club to have some beers and play some pool. I knew my Steven was a sensible lad so I wasn’t overly surprised to see him come back home in plenty time for dinner (he knows a good thing when he sees it. I’ll never see my boy go hungry no matter how old he is.) I was pleasantly surprised though that he’d brought Stuart back with him.

When they arrived back around 4ish I was busy working my way through a huge pile of ironing in the living room. Steven said they’d just go to his room to play on his Xbox but I suggested it might be a bit more social if he used the Switch connected to the TV. They seemed fine with that so I left them to it while I continued ironing in the same room not far away. I paused to make them a big class of cola each and smiled watching them racing against each other like little kids. It really was brilliant seeing Steven having fun with a friend still at 19.

While they were drinking and gaming I made conversation with Stuart but he seemed quite quiet and shy, probably due to the fact we didn’t know each other and this was his first time at ours. He seemed very grateful for the drink though and before long his glass was empty. I paused my ironing to take their glasses into the kitchen and check on dinner which I had simmering away in the slow cooker. I called through to the lads to ask if Stuart would like to stay for dinner and I was thrilled when they called back to say yes. I stuck some potatoes in a pot to cook then went back to iron yet again. Stuart seemed to be slowly relaxing now he’d been in the house about an hour. He was engrossed in gaming with Steven, often sitting on the edge of the couch or bouncing his knees or changing position. It looked like he was actually driving the carts in real life rather than just on the screen and it really made me smile.

At the end of the race Steven looked over at me to ask what was for tea and that’s when I first noticed Stuart was still a little antsy on the couch even though he wasn’t gaming at that point. He politely said that his gran made sausage casserole loads too and it was one of this favourites. Conversation became a bit easier then as he talked about how his gran and pops were away on holiday and he had been left to look after himself for the first time. I didn’t ask about his parents as he never mentioned them but the whole time we were chatting and I was ironing his foot was tapping or his knee was bouncing or his legs were moving around. I was starting to wonder if he had ADHD but I wasn’t going to mention that either.

I popped in to check on the potatoes but soon returned to find the lads gaming yet again as I warned them dinner would be ready soon. To their credit they came off the Switch just as I was dishing up and they sat at the table opposite me tucking into their home cooked meal like I was some gourmet chef. Steven was quite chatty for once but Stuart was more fidgety and I could hear his legs scissoring in and out under the table opposite me. Still he cleared his plate and emptied his glass of juice too, as did Steven. I offered them both some scones I’d baked earlier but Steven excused himself just as I was taking the dirty dishes over to the sink. He said he wanted to get something from his room to show Stuart though I suspected it was either an excuse to get out of washing the dishes or a polite way of excusing himself for the loo.

Carrying on as I normally would I rinsed the plates and cutlery under the tap and asked Stuart if he could bring the empty glasses over. That simple task seemed to cause him a bit of a struggle as he took a moment to compose himself before getting them for me. No sooner had I turned on the tap to rinse them than I noticed him beside me reaching for the front of his jeans to squeeze his crotch area. It was very clear to me now that all his fidgeting and squirming was because he was really needing to pee, but he was a grown lad and I didn’t want to embarrass him by saying anything. Despite his now obvious discomfort I was amazed that he offered to help with the dishes, which was more than my own son did these days! I suggested he could dry while I washed and when Steven returned he could put the dishes away.

As I washed and rinsed everything we’d used Steven returned and I sensed Stuart trying his best to stay composed, rather unsuccessfully. He kept moving from one foot to the other while he dried before handing each item to Steven to put away. The whole time I kept trying to make conversation asking who won at pool earlier and how work was going. Steven answered way more than Stuart who was much quieter and shy again. All Stuart really said was that he didn’t live far away, though he did thank me several times for his dinner.

We all returned to the living room right after this where Steven disconnected the Switch in favour of the TV as he switched through the channels. Stuart sat on the couch but immediately crossed his legs. I wanted to get all the ironing away so I was in and out the room for a while as the lads found an old episode of Top Gear to watch. Despite not really liking cars that much I eventually settled beside them on the armchair where I glanced over at Stuart who now had a hand between his crossed legs looking absolutely bursting to pee. He was avoiding eye contact with both Steven or myself as I suspected he was now really embarrassed by his situation.

Thinking I might help the poor lad out I started asking about the club they’d been to earlier. I asked how many pool tables they had, wether the bar was expensive or not and then, glancing at Stuart, who was now wriggling on the couch and looking flushed, I asked casually if the loos were the usual smelly pub ones or not. Steven tutted and shook his head at me.

“What are you like mum! Some of us don’t need to check the plumbing everywhere we go like you do. I don’t even know what the toilets look like because neither of us went, ok!”

Now my head was doing crazy calculations. No wonder Stuart was really bursting if they’d had a few beers at the club, then the glass of cola I gave him, then even more drinks with his dinner. Steven was right about my need to pee loads everywhere we went as my early menopausal bladder now seemed incapable of holding more than a few hundred millilitres of urine for more than ten minutes. Thankfully my libido was unaffected so far and the idea of my son’s friend being that desperate was making me very moist and horny. I was eagerly watching him, curious when he might finally ask to use our bathroom.

The programme finished when Steven checked with Stuart that he was ok to stay a bit longer. Incredibly Stuart nodded despite looking really tense and now having a hand near the top of his leg at all times. I let them put the Switch back on for another Mario race while I popped to the loo then went to the kitchen to put the kettle on. By the time I returned the boys were engrossed in racing but Stuart was really really writhing on the sofa bouncing both legs and unable to sit still at all. Steven seemed oblivious as he watched the screen while his friend took one hand off the controller twice to squeeze his crotch. Unsurprisingly Steven won when Stuart put the controller on the coffee table then scissored his legs frantically.

“I should probably head home now mate. See you at work tomorrow?”

“Yeah. See you mate. Was great chilling with you today.”

Smiling at him while drinking my coffee I added my thoughts too.

‘You’re welcome back anytime Stuart. Thanks for your help with the dishes earlier.”

“You’ve welcome. Thank you for tea and the drinks.”

He stood to leave then turned and looked at me red faced gripping his penis through his jeans.

“Is there any chance I could maybe use your bathroom before I leave? I’m bursting for a whizz.”

“Of course. It’s the first door at the top of the stairs.”

I heard him race up taking the stairs two at a time. It was a good few minutes before he returned looking sheepish and very embarrassed. As he said goodbye to Steven again I couldn’t help but notice a small wet patch on his jeans. The thought of his damp underwear underneath and how badly he must have had to go for so long made my whole body tingle.

He’d obviously not felt comfortable enough to ask to go earlier despite being in my house for 5 hours. I’d loved every minute of watching him though! I knew long before he said, of course, which only heightened the excitement of waiting for him to finally say.

I do hope he comes again, not just for my enjoyment but for Steven’s too.

*004*2025-06-10 08:43

{{6 hours ago, KelsieAtUniv said:

Oh wqait this is fiction? i genuinely thought this was real lol

}}

That’s such a compliment 🙂

*006*2025-06-15 22:32

{{On 6/10/2025 at 2:29 PM, sexappeal said:

I would have denied him permission to go, inventing some excuse. And offering him to accompany him to home with my car. Just for taking a slow and long detour...

}}

You never know what might happen next time lol

*009*2025-06-17 18:08

{{On 6/16/2025 at 9:05 AM, warham1995 said:

Will you write more of the other new story also please?

}}

The man coming home from work to find his wife desperate? If so I hope to write that soon.

