The sex apartment!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-01-26 08:19

There was a young man, just a little over 30.

He was successful at his profession and he was wealthy.

He was not married, but he had nearly all what a man was needing to be satisfied and to be happy.

He lived in a large house at the outskirts and he had a little apartment in the city.

The apartment was very special and he did use it just for his pleasure and for his special lust and fetish.

The guy was bisexual and a little bit perverse. He did love to make someone hold their pee and he was a bad sadist for torturing someone’s over full bladder.

He did like to spend time with girls and with boys and he always tried to find a way to prevent them to pee and did try to make them hold.

He was a good looking guy, he did wear expensive clothes, he had a fancy sports car and he had enough money to invite girls or boys for a day trip, for a good dinner, or to the cinema and to a sleepover in his exclusive city apartment.

This apartment was prepared especially for his lust and for his fetish.

There was a large bathroom, but there was no toilet bowl in the bathroom. It was demounted for renovation, he told them, but in reality it was removed that his guests had no opportunity to pee!!

There was another functional toilet behind a closed door, but they didn’t know that.

He did try to prevent that the girls went to a toilet hours ( the whole day) before they came to his apartment.

The girls bladders should be already very full when they arrived and then when they thought they can do finally, sometimes a already very urgent wee, they still couldn’t go, they had to hold their urine back for hours longer, or for the entire night.

The lucky guy had a lot of exciting and arousing experiences that way.

*001*2025-02-01 13:35

Once he invited a girl to a musical for Saturday evening.

The girl was much younger than he was, but very well over 18.

Before the event they went to an expensive restaurant for a dinner. He suggested her a meal with suitable drinks.

The girl was impressed and a little bit bewildered about the ambience and about the first class service.

She was appreciated that he helped her to choose and to order her meal. She had never before been at a fancy restaurant like that.

After dinner they went per taxi to the theater. Timely to have a glass of champagne before the beginning.

The girl was a dream for everyone who loves petite girls with a tender look.

She did wear a short, black dress, which ended up over her knees.

She was absolutely hot and sexy as she was sitting on the bar chair with her gorgeous legs crossed and a glass champagne in her hand.

The guy couldn’t wait to bring that pretty girl to his apartment and to spend the night with her, but before he had to watch that musical, what the girl wanted to see so much.

At the break they went again to the bar for one more glass of champagne.

It was a good investment for the guy to fill the girls bladder further and to make her need to pee stronger.

He was sure that the girl was already needing to wee, because she was not at the loo since they met at afternoon.

She has not been at the restaurant and not at the theater, but she drunk a lot during all that time, her bladder must have been already pretty full of hot girl urine.

He noticed that she was looking around like she was searching for something and he was rather sure that she was searching for a sign of a toilet and he was worried that she would to go before the break was over.

The young man wanted prevent exactly that, her bladder should be full when they arrive in his apartment and therefore he embroiled her in a constant conversation.

She was needing to go, but she was too shy to ask for a loo and to admit that she would need to wee.

She didn’t want to interrupt the conversation, she didn’t want to act like a little pee girl, she wanted to be a lady beside the generous, good looking man.

A lady for the evening and for the night.

Just a few minutes before the show started again she took all her courage and said “ excuse me….”

The guy did know very well that she wanted to excuse her for the loo, but he acted like he didn’t know what she wanted to say or better what she wanted to do.

He simply ignored her “excuse me.”

He didn’t want to let her go, no wee for her, her bladder had to stay full and so he said “ sorry, but i have to excuse me, i talked so much and so long that we are to late if we don’t hurry.”

He did take her by her hand and led her inside. The girl did let him lead her and she suppressed her urge like a good girl should do that.

She was sitting ladylike beside the guy with her legs and her knees tight together.

The guy did love to see how she was rubbing her knees sometimes from needing to wee. She did it very slowly and very discreetly so that nobody except the man could notice it.

It was turning him on so much to think at her full bladder and at her urge to wee.

He couldn’t wait to bring her to his apartment and to lie this gorgeous body with a full bladder inside the belly in his bed without to give the poor girl a chance to pee before.

The last drop of champagne was already in her bladder when the show was over. Her urge was very strong, but she still didn’t ask for a loo before leaving, she will be and have to be able to wait until they would be at home, she thought to herself.

They went by taxi and it didn’t last very long until they were in front of the house.

The guy could see that she walked with light rubbing knees, but not visible for others.

He couldn’t wait to spread this knees and to lie with his body between this sexy, wonderful thighs and to press his body with all his weight against the girls body, especially on her lower abdomen, against her very full bladder.

The girl was waiting in front of the apartment door, she was no more a lady now, she was more a school girl, she lifted her right leg and crossed her thigh over her left thigh.

She smiled at him and said “ sorry but i need very urgently to the loo, can you show me please first of all where i can go?”

”Oh this will be a little problem, you can go nowhere, my bathroom is in renovation. I should have told you that before, that you could have used the toilet at the theater.

I hope that it is really just a little problem for you!!??

Tomorrow is Sunday, we go for a brunch before noon to a very special restaurant, then you can go to the loo.

Will that be okay for you?

I know that is a little bit long when your bladder is already full, but you are a big, healthy girl, i think that you will be able to control your bodily needs like big girls can usually do that!!??!!??” said the man very forceful and full of horniness.

*002*2025-02-06 22:54

As soon as they were inside the apartment, the girl stopped, crossed her legs again and was bending over.

“Sorry but i need to the loo so urgently, my bladder is so full, i can’t imagine that i will be able to wait until tomorrow.“ said the girl worried.

The man was turned on so much about that situation.

A pretty, young girl was standing in front of him, she had her wonderful, sexy legs crossed from needing to wee so badly and he had the opportunity make her hold for hours longer, for the entire night, or maybe nearly until noon of the next day.

„How long can she stand it not to pee, how long will she be able to hold her wee back, how long will she be able to endure the pain when it starts to hurt and when it gets worse and worse?“ thought the guy to himself.

“Let us sit down, it will get better if you sits.“ said the man and was leading her to the sofa.

„Is it really that bad?“ asked the man full of horniness, for to tease her. It couldn’t be bad enough for him.

“It is more than bad.“ answered the poor girl. „I have to go since we were in the restaurant. I can’t last until tomorrow, not even with all my willpower and my greatest strength and effort.“she answered.

The guy wanted to make himself horny, more than he already was and therefore he wanted to talk further about her need and about her desperation.

“Why didn’t you go then?“ he asked and did know very well that he tried to prevent her and that he didn’t give her a good chance and no natural opportunity.

“ I didn’t want to disturb our harmony and our conversation therefore i did put it off.

I am no more a little girl, i am able to control my body and to suppress my bodily needs for some hours if it is necessary, but not for so impossible long.“ answered the girl a little bit angry and worried about her situation.

The man tried to calm her and started to caress her and to kiss her.

“I am really sorry that i didn’t ask you before if you would need a loo, but like you said, you are no more a little girl, i think that you will be able to wait until tomorrow.

I admire you girls for your ability to hold a full bladder. I know a lot of girls who have a very good bladder control.

Some years ago, i had a girl, she was young and pretty as you. It was a similar situation, my bathroom was in renovation as she spent her first night here in my apartment.

We were together from morning and it was late evening as we came to my flat for to stay overnight.

She had not been at the toilet all that time and i forgot to tell her that we can’t use my toilet. But that was not a problem, i was surprised that she didn’t even ask for the loo before we went to bed.

He said that the girl told him much later that she was needing to wee since afternoon, but she did deliberately not go to the loo because a friend of her, a girl some years older than her, told her that sex with a very full bladder is much better and much more intensive than with a empty bladder and she wanted to try this on that evening with him, but he didn’t know about that.

He said further that they had a very long and a very hard sex and that the girl was begging more and more that he should be careful with her, because she didn’t have a wee since early in the morning and that her bladder is so over full that she would wet the bed if he press on it.

Sometimes later she told him that it was great for her to feel his penis deep inside her when she was needing to wee so bad and that it was her best sex she ever had.

As soon as she had her orgasm she wanted nothing more than to pee, but there was no opportunity for her, like today there was no loo, she had to hold it.

Next morning she was frantic to pee, but she could endure until the breakfast at a coffee shop.

„She was holding her pee from morning to morning, longer than 25 hours, i was deep impressed about her holding performance, if she could do that, i think you will be able to hold it from afternoon until morning.“ said the guy.

„ Why do you say from afternoon , I have not been at the loo since before noon and i need to go really very, very urgent now.“ said the girl furious.

„She was a little bit older than you, but you are a big girl as well, i think that you will be able to wait until tomorrow.“ said the guy.

He had his hand on one of her thighs and was gliding up to her panties, then over the waistband of her panties. He could feel the bare skin of her belly and he could feel the firmness of her bladder under her slight stretched skin.

„Your bladder is really pretty full, did you ever had sex when your bladder was full like that ?“ he asked full of lust and pressed soft on it.

The poor girl moaned about the extra torture and said “No, but i think i would wet the bed when my bladder is full like now.“

To tease her he said “No you would not, big girls like you don’t wet their panties and they don’t wet the bed.

Big girls are able to wait until they can go to the loo and you can go tomorrow before breakfast! Or after breakfast?“ said the man, smiled and kissed her.

The girl was getting turned on about the talk about sex and about to feel his hand between her thighs.

Her pussy was pretty wet, but not from wee.

Sure that she still had to pee very urgent, but it was no more that worse, rather she was turned on from her need to wee and from her very full bladder, she was aroused about the whole situation and about the imagination to have sex with a real man.

The guy started to strip her and couldn’t wait to see that pretty girl finally naked and to bring her in his bed with her bladder full from the day!

