Obedient Onar

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-04-26 00:50

Obedient Omar

Omar was nervous and excited as he logged into the familiar site online. Alone in his flat, as always, on his seventh week in lockdown due to a worldwide pandemic, life should have been boring by now. Perhaps it would have been had he not started week 1 by signing up to a worldwide dating site as he downed a few more beers than normal. ‘Best decision I have ever made’ he thought as adrenaline gave him the biggest smile and even made his penis twitch with anticipation.

Casey was online just as they had planned.

‘Hey handsome! Fancy meeting you here! You still ok for tonight?’

‘Absolutely!’

There was something different about online communication that put Omar at ease so much quicker. Maybe it was the comfort of being in his own home, or the ability to switch off anytime he felt uncomfortable or maybe it was the fact that it was just so much more private and intimate. Whatever it was it was sure making his connection with Casey much hotter and far more enjoyable than he ever thought possible.

Last night things had developed rather quickly and what had started as friendly chat had turned into Omar becoming highly aroused to the point of no return. Casey had not only been happy about it she was even actively supporting, touching herself exactly as Omar himself wanted to do to her, slowly stripping herself in ways he described on messages and via video, and saying words that caused his body to react very strongly indeed.The two hour video interaction had been so sexually tantalising that Omar had cum on camera whilst Casey watched on not just once but twice! Just seeing her again in a beautiful revealing top and an inviting smile made his brain replay everything in all its glory causing his penis to rise already.

But tonight was HER turn. Omar was determined about that. Casey had taken him to a place of absolute ecstasy and whilst he’d love nothing more than to return there tonight again he had enough self control and respect for Casey to want to repay the favour. He knew she was attracted to him, she’s already said and done enough to prove that, but she’d never actually orgasmed yet on camera and Omar longed to see her do so.

So in the aftermath of an intensive and highly erotic evening he had agreed to be her slave tonight and do anything she wished that might give her pleasure. He’d even dug through cupboards and drawers and made a trip out for ‘essentials’ to complete the items on her list. He smiled as he now showed her the handcuffs, whip, the cans of bear and bottle of wine, the towel and the clean underwear. He was game for most things and if Casey wanted to reenact her favourite scenes from Fifty Shades then that’s what he would do. That’s certainly what the items seem to be leading to in his mind anyway.

As they made light conversation Casey requested he drink the beer ‘to loosen up’ and Omar was happy to oblige. A while later, when that can was empty she loosely suggested he have another ‘after all you might be getting hot and sweaty later’. Omar liked the sound of that and happily drank more. When that finished Casey laughed and joked that what she had planned would work even better if Omar was ‘relaxed as much as possible’ so actively encouraged another beer. Omar couldn’t refuse since he’d agreed to be obedient and let her be the master. Besides, he was definitely having fun and it was easy to drink when someone else was turning you on, teasing you and getting excited in return.

When Casey began touching her breasts and smiling Omar wondered what might be coming next. So far things were fun, but tame, as Casey finally seemed to remember the handcuffs. Omar waved them on camera but as he stood up to do so he found himself moving from foot to foot a little more than normal. He was feeling flushed so took off his shirt and showed off his hairy, toned and muscular chest. Casey ran her fingers over her breasts and ran her tongue simultaneously around her lips in delight. The glimmer in her eyes showing she liked what she saw.

‘Are you wanting me to handcuff myself? Would you like that?’

‘Maybe soon’

Omar returned to the seat at his computer crossing his legs beneath him as he realised the beers were definitely affecting him. If Casey wanted him handcuffed he might take a quick break first.

‘If it’s going to be later could I maybe take a minute first?’

‘Why? You ok?’

‘Yeah, just nipping to the bathroom. I won’t be a minute babe.’

‘But wait a minute! Wasn’t I meant to be the master tonight?’

‘Yeah of course! Please master may I take a minute to pee?’

‘Master says no’

Omar laughed. He wasn’t expecting that but hey he had said Casey was in change and she did seem very excited, which was exactly what he wanted. It wasn’t too bad anyway. So he laughed and replied.

‘Ok. Master rules. So what’s next? Handcuffs?

‘Not yet. What about some wine?’

‘Really? Ok boss!’

Omar popped the wine and poured himself a glass while Casey watched on screen. At least she had some too so that wasn’t as bad. The only problem was pouring the wine was highlighting the fact he really did need a piss. It would go away or die down soon enough, he hoped, as he dutifully starting drinking the wine.

It tasted sweeter than the beer but none the less pleasant. Casey was great company and chatting and playing was a great distraction to his bladder, though he was aware that he was moving around a lot more on his chair and tapping his leg now and again. He thought he would chance asking again.

‘Emmm master, would it be ok if I had a quick piss? I’ll be right back?’

‘Master says no’

Casey might have been saying no but her smile, cheeky look and actions showed she wasn’t trying to hurt him and clearly just messing around and having fun. Had he not been drinking so much Omar may have realised sooner what was happening but being a little ‘tipsy’ and determined to bring Casey to climax tonight he was too distracted and inebriated to realise that it was actually his desperation to piss that was interesting Casey and turning her on.

Still not realising the connection Omar happily obliged when Casey insisted he had another glass of wine even if he did say twice during it that he ‘really needed a pee’.

All Omar could see was that Casey was thoroughly enjoying herself and evidently getting turned on and that the only person responsible was him, which pleased him greatly. So when Casey requested he take off his jeans and sit with just his light blue boxers on Omar was only too happy to oblige.

‘Then can I take a quick piss?’

‘No sexy! Then you can pick up the whip!’

Casey was laughing but she herself had now stripped down to her underwear, sporting a very flattering red lace bra and matching knickers that accentuated every curve and asset of her beautiful figure. Despite very much needing to empty his bladder Omar couldn’t help but feel turned on by seeing her and his hand drifted naturally to his half erect penis. Casey clearly noticed, remarking quickly:

‘Is it that bad you have to hold yourself like a kid?’

‘What? Oh sorry! It’s just...it’s just that...wow you are are very beautiful woman Casey and you make me want to touch myself ok! Fuck baby you are very hot. So what have I to do with this whip? Where have I to whip myself master?’

‘Whip yourself?’ Casey laughed, ‘Nowhere! I want you to sit up on the chair slave, bring your knees up so your feet are on the chair too and then using that whip I want you to tickle you feet with it!’

‘Ah! Fuck! I’ve got it! That secret fetish of yours...you have a foot fetish! I told you I would work it out!’

Casey laughed, a sexy, erotic laugh that Omar loved so much as he dutifully and obediently used the whip as best he could to tickle his feet. He hadn’t expected it to be ticklish but goodness it really was. So ticklish in fact that he suddenly had to grab his dick tight as an urgent and strong need to empty his bladder overtook his body so suddenly he though he would explode.

‘Oh God! Please master can I go piss? I’m bursting here!’

‘Master says no. Sorry! Now have you got the handcuffs?’

‘Yes. They are...here they are! Oh come on...can’t I just have a quick slash? I seriously am desperate baby’

Omar hadn’t quite managed to let go of his penis as waves of desperation continued to hit him hard. Now very much squirming and clearly uncomfortable Casey seemed to be getting more and more aroused by the minute. Distracted by his urgent need and unable to stop fidgeting Omar still hadn’t made the connection between his desperate state and the exponential increase in Casey’s libido.

‘So slave, how bad is this need to go pee pee? You aren’t going to leave me just as I am about to climax are you? Now did I do such a thing to you yesterday? No I didn’t. You are a grown man and it’s not much to expect you to wait until I get my promised satisfaction now is it? It’s not like you are going to piss yourself is it?’

Omar, squirming madly on his chair, his bottom pushed right back against the chair and his back leaning forward with one hand tightly between his crotch and the other gripping the arm of the chair as his legs swung, bounced and scissored in and out, so wanted to please Casey, be obedient to her commands and bring her delight, but yet he had to admit, even if reluctantly, that that final question may yet become a very embarrassing reality very soon.

‘I will obey. But oh my God I actually can’t remember EVER having to piss this fucking badly!’

‘Does this help?’

Casey undid her bra letting it drop suddenly to the floor as she stood close to the camera giving Omar a full on view of her firm, plump and sexy breasts as she licked her fingers sexually and twiddled her own nipples one by one.

As bursting as he was to piss Omar had to admit this girl was as hot as they came! He stroked his aching penis with arousal, fully aware that had his bladder not been about to explode any second he would be edging himself extremely close to climax by now, especially now Casey had removed her knickers revealing a closely shaven and very wet vagina with a very hard clitoris.

‘Oh God you are beautiful Casey!’

‘And you are a good slave turning me on. So handcuffs...Omar handcuff yourself to your seat. Talk to me about how badly you want release. You are so fucking sexy when you are desperate to piss like this. In fact, do you want another beer? You look like you are sweating there and I don’t want you being thirsty. In fact I demand you have another beer then handcuff yourself to the back of the chair you are sitting on. You can put the towel under you first if you want. I am very close to orgasm here you know. Very close indeed.’

‘And I am fucking going to piss myself! Is that what you want to see? A grown man piss his underwear because you handcuffed him to a chair and made his desperate bladder burst? Oft you drive a hard bargain but God you are the sexiest thing ever! Is that buzzing I hear?’

Casey had straddled her chair naked, her nipples hard and erect, her face flushed and her buzzing vibrator rubbing against her dripping vagina as she ran her other hand through her hair and moaned.

Oman, ever obedient, stood from his chair, dancing around and marching on the spot, opened the final beer and drank as much as he could whilst twisting his body to prevent himself from having an accident. He swirled the can at the camera so Casey could hear how much he had drank.

Finally the penny dropped and Omar looked directly into the camera head on whispering erotically:

‘I think I’m gonna piss myself. I really can’t hold this much longer! I’m just so bursting, so desperate, I need to fucking piss so bad. Oh please master may I piss before i soak my underpants?’

Casey’s response was as Omar predicted as he watched her pant, insert the dildo inside herself as her eyes lit up with passion and desire.

‘Your fetish! It’s...it’s people pissing themselves isn’t it?’

‘Just do as you are told slave! Get those handcuffs on!’

Casey continued to play with herself openly and pleasurably while Omar fidgeted, held himself, pee danced like a little child, and moaned as he sat naked, other than his boxers, onto the metal computer chair with the towel on top as he tried to handcuff himself to the back of the chair whilst trying to not piss himself. He had to go oh so badly that it hurt. He couldn’t stand or sit still now and couldn’t dare allow his hand to stop gripping his aching penis. He could feel the weight of the liquid in his bladder and even see how distended it was. It was going to come out wether he wanted it to or not.

Omar scissored his legs in and out, crossed his legs and squirmed as Casey pleasured herself more, sliding the buzzing toy in and out as she moved closer to the camera allowing Omar to see and hear everything. The dripping wet vulva, the throbbing lips, the squelching of her juices all making Omar’s heart skip a beat. Against anything he had ever experienced before he couldn’t help but be amazed that despite the fact he was seconds away from exploding with litres of warm piss his aching penis was now hardening and longing with passion too.

Casey moaned with passion as Omar moaned in desperation, making Casey moan more in passion and desire even more.

As Casey slid the vibratory in harder, faster and deeper Omar squirmed more, moaned more and begged more to be released to piss.

‘Oh God it’s going to come out any second. I can feel it! I can’t hold back!’

Casey increased her pleasuring and edged closer to climax on camera as Omar let out a whimper as a sudden strong wave of urgency hit and, unable to grab himself to prevent it, a shot of warm urine spurt from his erect penis soaking the crotch of his light blue boxers and causing his thighs to glisten with warm liquid and his boxers to cling to his erect penis.

‘Shit! I just leaked. I’m going to explode any second Casey! Please please let me piss! I’m begging you master! It’s so absolutely urgent that I go now! I can’t wait another second longer! This is so embarrassing and humiliating but I honestly am about to burst! Oh master take pity on me! I beseech you to just release me to piss please. I’ve been holding so so long. I’ve been such a good boy! But...oh God...I can’t wait....too many beers, too long a wait...I can’t do this much longer...’

Omar could see the effect he was having, albeit that he was genuinely desperate and not just trying to bring Casey to orgasm. He couldn’t help but notice how she moaned, responded and reacted as her eyes lit up watching his every move and listening to his every word. Just like he had been putty in her hands the previous night she was putty in his hands tonight, seconds away from exploding in her own way as he was seconds from exploding with urine.

Time seemed to stand still as both edged ever closer to climax, Omar begging and squirming, his penis twitching and throbbing as Casey rode her vibrator edging closer to climax, moaning and gasping in urgency.

Omar bit his lip, bouncing both legs furiously as he closed his eyes and let his head rest back. He clenched as hard as his muscles could as his hard penis shook and twitched in agony for release.

‘Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck! It’s not gonna stop!’

Casey moaned loudly as she reached her point of no return simultaneously as he head tipped back, her heart raced and her body swelled the dildo fir all she was worth as droplets of warm fluid squirted out of her pussy in time with warm liquid oozing from Omar’s erect penis.

Omar swore as urine soared through his urethra causing his penis to pound against his soaked boxers as urine soared in the air and poured back down over his belly button, along his stomach and around his thighs, the warm liquid sending shivers right through his body as his moons of relief blending into one with Casey’s.

Omar couldn’t stop. He briefly paused only to immediately restart with a surge so strong he thought he might rocket off the chair! He was drenched, totally and thoroughly right from his chest to his toes. But by God did he feel relief like he never had before.

Casey climaxed twice as she watched and listened to everything Omar did, shaking with ecstasy and a sense of fulfilment.

After a minute Casey broke the silence first:

‘God you really had to go didn’t you Omar? Fair play that was bloody amazing mate. I really need a shower after that!’

‘Me too! Master, is it ok if I can be released for that?’

‘Master says yes. Master would also love to do that again sometime. Same time tomorrow?’

‘Yes! Oh and make sure YOU have plenty of wine this time. See you tomorrow!’

*005*2020-04-26 17:17

Thanks everyone. Hoping to get the next in the series written tonight. Really missed writing these

