Shin & Sabine Oneshot

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2024-03-18 05:57

Hey guys! I haven't written on here in maybe two years, I'd be surprised if anybody remembered me, but I felt especially inspired tonight. If my pen game has fallen off, be sure to let me know. If you like the short story, please comment to let me know and I'll feel inclined to get back to writing more!

This short story is based off the Ahsoka episode where Sabine is held prisoner, there's minor changes obviously.

"On your knees."

Sabine growled to the cold, young voice making the order behind her.

"I said on your knees, prisoner," Shit Hati growled, a bit more frustration in her monotone voice.

"That really isn't necessary, I mean I could just sit - " Before Sabine could complain further, Shin's boot landed on her back, forcing her face to the ground. Sabine looked up to Shin's fierce stance.

'How could such a short girl have so much force behind that?' Sabine thought to herself.

"Are you done arguing? I don't want to have to stab you again," Shin knelt down, the words practically melting in Sabine's ears. For how evil and twisted Shin was, Sabine couldn't help but find her kind of.. attractive, in a weird way. A sadistic way.

"Yeah, I wouldn't like that either," Sabine stood up on her knees now and looked down at her midsection where Shin had previously stabbed her with a lightsaber. Shin came around front to face Sabine on her knees then crossed her arms with that arrogant half smile she perfected, almost as if to say she thought you were pathetic without having to utter a word.

"It's a lot easier when you listen," Shin said, uncrossing her arms as she took a seat on the bench connected to the wall.

"I hear that a lot, but like my master would tell you, I'm a really slow learner," Sabine retorted, trying to find a comfortably way to shift her weight. Sabine wouldn't dare admit it, but ever since she was taken prisoner on Peridia, she needed to pee quite badly. Through years of fighting the Empire as a rebel and before that being in the Imperial Academy, Sabine had developed pretty good bladder control. There might've been a couple times she could recall a blaster bolt going over her head causing a minor leak, or maybe a tense space battle, but ultimately Sabine prided herself in her self control and how well she held herself - and she was not going to allow Shin Hati to see her in an embarrassing situation.

"Your master is dead," Shin replied matter of factly, "And I don't understand why mine insists on keeping you alive or why I must be the one to guard you," Shit continued, airing out her minor frustration.

Sabine cocked her head at Shin's tone and her comment, Shin obviously didn't want to be here. It was a bit difficult to focus on Shin's problems - and comments - when Sabine was having her own. She could feel the pressure mounting in her bladder, she knew time would soon be of the essence. Sabine closed her thighs together while she sat on her heels and held them tightly. She didn't want to move around too much and get Shin's attention.

Shin was looking into space - not literally, there were no windows - but quickly turned her head back to Sabine. "What's your issue?" Shin said, softer than usual but still very assertive.

'How does she know there's an issue? Can she sense I have to pee?' Sabine grew concerned, her face giving it away. Shin stood up, looking down on her curious. Shin began to circle her slowly. For a much smaller girl, Shin had a menacing stance, she radiated power. "What's your play, Wren? You know something I don't?" Hati said, now behind Sabine.

"There's no play, I just.. don't like being prisoner," Sabine tried to course correct. She turned her head to the left to see Shin behind her out of the corner of her eye, then she turned her head back forwards to avoid angering her. She looked down and noticed that without realizing it, she was rubbing her thighs together now in desperation. Then it came, the ignition of a lightsaber. Sabine let out a soft gasp, looking down to make sure it wasn't stuck through her again, but then the blade came into view - very close into view, right next to her left cheek. She felt the heat radiate off the orange blade and heard the loud hum. It wasn't just warm, it was hot.. and something was wet - Sabine looked down to her horror and realized she'd started peeing, trickling on the ground beneath her. It took everything in her power to stop the stream, but a fair amount of damage had been done to her grey pants - and the tiny puddle between her knees.

Shin walked back around front to see Sabine in her compromising position and let her blade dissipate. She brought her hand to her mouth to cover a shocked laughter as she looked down to see Sabine had pissed herself. "That was your problem?" Shin laughed, "I'm not cruel enough that I'd have denied you the restroom," Shin said, holstering her lightsaber and folding her arms over each other.

Sabine looked down, cheeks bright red and her pride virtually out of the metaphorical window. "C-Can you take me now?" Sabine muttered, trying to keep what little of her pride remained.

Shin looked down, that evil grin returning. "Well, you've already started. You'd leak all over the floor of this ship. You might as well finish what you've started," Shin said in between little bits of laughter. Sabine's head jerked up, a combined look of fear, anger and humiliation all over her face as she began to vocalize her protest. Before she could get a word out, Shin's index finger met her closed lips. "Don't argue with me, prisoner. I can make your stay with us less comfortable than this," Shin said, now knelt down eye level with Sabine.

The Mandalorian girl lost it at this, instantly letting warm piss flood her grey pants, widening the puddle to expand around her knees. She hung her head in shame as it soaked the entire front of her pants and pooled around Shin Hati's boots. Shin took a step back to evade the puddle. Sabine peed for what felt like forever, she couldn't believe how much she had held in. As her stream finished and the damage was done, Sabine tried to skirt herself out of the wide piss puddle. She looked up to Shin Hati, almost for mercy now, waiting for some sort of response. Shin wrapped her index finger and thumb around Sabine's jawline, forcing eye contact.

"A pretty Mandalorian warrior like you, pissing herself as she's held captive? Maybe this wasn't such a waste of time," Shin grinned once more at Sabine.

END.

