The bladder-buster cruise

Author: Markj9494

*015*2020-05-26 02:19

Chapter 3: The early bird gets to pee

Janet was the first to wake, opening her eyes groggily she instantly threw both her hands between her legs and clenched her muscles, her waking body suddenly remembering where it was and what had happened yesterday. Overnight her bladder had filled and now she felt like she was on the verge of wetting herself as she laid there, faint pulses in her full bladder caused her muscles to spasm slightly. Letting out a quiet groan she gripped herself harder, using her hands to help the muscles that didn’t seem awake yet. After taking a few moments to gain some composure she grabbed her phone with one hand to check the time, 7.51am. Feeling the urgency in her bladder slightly lowering, she was glad she only had about an hour to wait.

Standing gingerly she got dressed, choosing not to go with anything that would cause her to bend over. Slipping a summery dress on over her head and grabbing some sandals she decided she would walk the ship a little before heading to the pass check early. Feeling her bladder contract she winced, squeezing herself under her dress she contemplating giving in and finding the toilet, but she was too close to give up now.

Opening her phone she messaged her friends. “Don’t wait for me, I'm going to go over now so I can visit the toilets straight away afterwards.” Pausing for a second to consider if that was too much information to share. She hated talking about this sort of thing but everyone knew she already needed to pee.

After walking around for a while and getting a couple of odd looks from the staff at the stalls she passed a fourth time, Janet made her way to the main hall. Walking had helped her hold but she was starting to feel the same ache she had felt first thing this morning. If there was anyway she could get checked early she could save herself a lot of trouble, trouble that was fast approaching her as she tried not to hold herself in public.

Walking into the room she was relieved to see no line In front of her, although a rope barrier was still across the main desk with a sign clearly stating that the desk opened at 9 and not a moment earlier. With 11 minutes to go she took her place at the front, trying to resist the urge to press her hands ashamedly into her crotch. But as the minutes passed she was getting closer and closer to succumbing to the mounting pressure inside her. She wasn’t sure where this extra liquid was coming from having not drunk anything since last night, but her bladder felt even fuller than it did when she woke. A light sweat gathering on her face as she pursed her lips, a little bit of panic starting to creep in again, she couldn't wet herself, she just couldn't.

As Janet stood their waiting, a set of fast approaching padding footsteps approached from behind, clearly in a hurry. Turning around she could see a young auburn haired woman shuffling towards her at the stand with both hands between her legs.

“Please, please you have to let me go first” the woman begged, tears gathering in the corner of her pleading eyes. Despite her own desperation it was clear the woman had even less time before the call of nature won over her bodily control.

“yeah sure” Janet said taking a step back, how long could not stamping her boarding pass take?

Stepping forward the young woman clutched her boarding pass,

“Hi, im…im her to show my pass” She stammered, her legs tightly crossed as she bobbed up and down on the spot. The extent of her desperation was easy for all to see.

“Im sorry, we still aren’t open for another 7 minutes”

“Please, you don’t understand. I cant wait”

“Im afraid you are going to have to try if you want the prize” he said, a clear lack of compassion on his face.

“I….I…” The woman trailed off

Jannet could see it was already too late for her, the crotch of her black leggings glistened for a moment before a river of pee exploded between her tightly clenched legs. The liquid quickly raced down her legs, saturating the thin material and pouring off her legs onto her bare feet and the carpet below. The quiet accident unfolding in front of her did nothing for Janet’s own desperation as she took a step back away from the expanding puddle that was forming next of her.

20 seconds later the steam of clear liquid came to a hault. “Im sorry, I just couldn’t hold it any longer” the woman said to the man still standing behind the stall as if nothing at all was going on. “Can I see your pass please” He asked, as the woman handed the slightly crumpled card to him. Leaning below the counter he pulled out a stamp like the one she had seen in the demonstration, inking it he stamped the barefoot woman’s papers as void. Tears forming in her eyes once again she accepted the papers and slowly walked back the way she had come, leaving wet footprints as she went.

Gripping herself through her loose dress Janet crossed her legs tightly, having just witnessed an accident first hand, her own felt so much closer. Tensing her muscles rhythmically she could feel the heavy weight in her bladder weakening her control. Now bouncing gently on the spot she regretted not putting a bra, she was sure anyone watching would be able to tell and hated putting on such a display as her breasts gently bounced unrestrained. Her face started to burn red, but as embarrassing as this was she needed to keep moving or she wasn’t going to make it. Closing her eyes she tried to focus on her muscles, helping them stay in control.

“Ok miss, we are open if you have your pass.”

Janet had closed her eyes, bouncing on the spot in her own desperate world she had been unaware of time passing and also of the Que of desperate looking people behind her.

“I uh, yes sorry” she said handing over the boarding pass which was closely examined by the man at the desk. Looking around she wondered if her friends were behind her, be she could see no signs of any of them. Although the amount of bobbing and pee dancing going on was making it difficult to be sure.

“It seems everything is in order, would you like credit or Euros?”

“Credit please”

“Ok, no problem. Here is your credit please enjoy the rest of your day”

Walking again made it somewhat easier to hold as she quickly left the main hall and headed to the ladies room. Each step bringing her closer to much needed relief, rounding the final corner she pushed the door to the ladies room open. In front of her was another desk, a middle aged woman in a simple uniform was currently stamping another woman's pass who had seemingly decided that her needs were too much to wait for the cash. A small wet spot on her jeans a clear indication she might have been right. Slowly the woman walked out of the toilets, seemingly having rushed into the toilet before having her card marked.

“Hi, can you mark my pass please” Janet asked quickly

“Of course lovely, may I see your card.”

“Yes, here it is” Janet said, trying to maintain her composure as her bladder now throbbed deeply within her. Being just feet from the toilets was doubling her desperation, this final hurdle almost too much for her. Dancing from foot to foot her eyes suddenly bulged as she felt a burst of wetness escape her tightly clenched muscles. A damp spot spreading across her satin white underwear before she could clench harder and stem the flow.

“Its okay love, just go and pee and ill give this back to you on your way out.” The kind woman at the desk said.

Janet didn’t need to be told twice, with her thighs still pressed together she stepped into the nearest cubicle. Closing the door quickly she was happy she had chosen a dress as in an instant she whipped her underwear down and sat on the toilet, a strong stream of pee burst out of her almost instantly. Hanging her head she enjoyed the relaxing feeling, proud of herself for having made it this far. It was by far the longest she had ever held, almost a full day! As she relaxed and the sound of her pee hitting the water filled the room she wondered how her friends were doing.

Meanwhile…

Sasha woke to the sound of a banging on her door.

“Sasha, you in there?” Barbara’s voice on the other side of the door asked.

Swinging her legs off the bed she jumped up, only to double over and end up on her knees with both hands between her legs.

“Holy shit” she moaned as her bladder got the better of her. A small bulge visible in her abdomen. the diuretic effects of the alcohol making her kidneys work overtime during the night and filling her up even more. Breathing heavily, she closed her eyes trying not to burst on the spot, but thankfully it seemed the it was just the sudden movement that had intensified her need.

“Yeah…im here, give me like 2 minutes.” She said her voice faltering slightly.

Slowly she stood with one hand supporting her bulging bladder, using the other for leverage on her bed. Now with one hand constantly between her legs she took off her night clothes and carefully got dressed for the day. Considering their plans she chose a pair of light green trail shorts and a tan coloured tank top, she finished up by tying her hair into a ponytail with the same purple ribbon she had worn last night. Thankfully it seemed her bladder had calmed a little, although it still demanded attention. Pressing her thighs together and giving herself another squeeze to reassure herself, Sasha opened the door to the others.

“Finally, you are getting as bad as Lilli”

“Hey” they both responded to Barbara’s insult.

“Where's Janet?” Sasha asked

“She went down early, I think she might have been struggling with her bladder, love her.” An end to a sentence that can often be condescending, but they knew it was meant with compassion.

“Yeah well I don’t think im far behind her if im honest” Sasha responded. “I think im going to get my money and then go pee before I wet myself”

With one hand firmly in her pocket Sasha led the girls to the main room, only for her heart to stop as she came across the line of about 20 people In front of her.

“Oh god, why do there have to be so many people on this boat.” She lamented out loud.

“It will be fine, its moving quickly.” Lilli tried to reassure her friend.

Now stepping from foot to foot Sasha tried to pee dance somewhat elegantly, if that was even possible. Her bladder ached terribly but the constant moving was helping her hold it, just as it had Janet earlier.

“Come on kitty you can do it.”

Turning around Sasha could see a petite woman walking towards the line, her hands clutching a heavily distended bladder that could have passed for at least a few months pregnant. Her small size and stature only amplifying her swollen bladders size as a pulse visibly shook her body.

“Im sorry, I cant hold it love” She said to the tall man next to her.

“Yes you can, its just a few moments more” He responded.

“Why did you make me drink those last drinks and how did I let you talk me into this” she whined, just managing the few steps to reach the back of the Que of two dozen people.

Sasha continued hopping from foot to foot, her own bladder cramping heavily inside her body as it tried to convince her to give up on the money and dash to the ladies. But she was determined to make it to the front of the Que, which to her annoyance was moving at a painfully slow rate. Each passenger in line was having their pass checked in every way possible to make sure no one was cheating, a fact that was making It more and more likely that some of the desperately dancing people in line wouldn’t make it. Another groan from the new arrival made her turn around, but it seemed she was somehow still containing her extremely full bladder.

Putting a hand back between her legs Sasha was counting the moments as they passed, but finally after almost 10 minutes she was next in line. The visibly desperate woman at the front handing over the pass with shaking hands and bobbing up and down rapidly. But it seemed all was in order and the woman sprinted in the directions of the ladies room, a few drops of liquid were slowly sinking into the carpet where she was once stood.

“Pass please” the man behind the counter said

“Here” Sasha said, almost fumbling it onto the floor. “Sorry”

“Its quite alright miss” Shining the pass under a light and brushing it with a finger he cross referenced it with the passenger log before handing it back.

“Credit or Euro’s?”

“Im sorry?” Sasha asked, her brain currently otherwise occupied.

“Do you want credit for the ship or Euro’s to spend while we are docked?”

“Oh…uh Euro’s please”

“Sure thing, here you go” he said handing her a small package of Euroes which she quickly handed off to Barbara.

“I’ve got to go!, can you hold on to these”

“Sure thing” Barbara answered, putting them in her purse as she handed over her own boarding pass. With her and Lili looking decidedly more composed than their red headed friend.

Rounding the corner to where the ladies room was Sasha’s heart dropped, in front of her was a line of what had to be three dozen women, not including those in the bathroom already. It seemed like every woman on the ship was currently waiting their turn, groaning loudly she pushed a hand hard against her crotch. Time passed slowly as the line refused to move an inch, her frustration and desperation rising equally.

“Come on, come on, come on.” She whispered to herself as she started to pace around in small circles. Still time passed and only two women had come out, but even from here she could see Que continued the other side of the door too, what was she going to do.

“Oh no…” Came a soft whimper from behind her.

The small woman had somehow made it through the line of checks and was now stood behind her. The look of anguish on her face clear to see as she tried to deal with the new revelation of having to wait in such a long line. Sasha could see the look of distress creeping across her face before the woman closed her eyes closed and a frown formed on her face.

Moments later a tear rolled down her tanned cheek and a torrent of pee burst forth from under her polka dot skirt. A thunderous torrent fell freely between her legs splattering nosily onto the ground beneath her. The woman’s face burned red as she failed to contain her bladder a moment longer, the gushing stream forming a growing puddle beneath her. Smaller rivulets snaked their way down her slender bare legs before flowing out of her darkening leather sandals, the woman letting out a final whimper as she completely gave up control and the loud hiss intensified.

“Fuck this” Sasha whispered to herself, unable to watch the poor woman's accident for fear of triggering her own. A number of similar sentiments were uttered by many of those in the Que as Sasha quickly left it to find her friends.

Back in the main hall the other 3 had all met up and were discussing their plans for the day. A look of slight tenseness on the faces of both sisters as they battled the morning temptation to give in like the rest of them and pee.

“Hey Sasha, feeling better?” Lilli asked

“No, there was a fucking huge line. No way I could wait that long. The first bus leaves in like 5 minutes can we please be on it so I can find somewhere to pee in town?” she said rapidly and with a sense of anger.

“I…Uh yeah sure. Have you got everything we can head over now?”

“Oh Thank you, thank you, thank you. I think so, but I don’t really care right now.”

“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Asked Barbara, a look of genuine concern crossing her face as she watched her friend squirm in her shorts.

“I don’t have any other choice, even if all those women took 1 minute each, that’s like half an hour minimum.”

“Wow, that line was that big?” Janet asked, happy she had gotten in early. Although her newly changed underwear was a reminder of the fact that if there had been just 1 more person before herr she wouldn’t have made it.

“Yes, now can we get a move on.” Sasha said, marching towards the doors.

Thankfully the bus was already outside waiting, showing their passes to a member of staff they were forced to wait as a young woman brought up a handful of the strange looking belts from the first day. Barely able to stand still Sasha squirmed as the young woman placed one through the belt loops of her shorts, it seemed she was having some trouble with Sasha constantly shifting legs. A clear look of knowing on the staff members face as she started pulling it tight, hearing its mechanism click into position.

Now on the bus the four of them chose a set of seats just as much to Sasha’s relief the doors closed and it started pulling away. Her legs moving furiously under the seat she Knew she wouldn’t last long and just hoped there would be a bathroom close to where they stopped. Driving out of the port and towards the mountains in the distance a guide at the front started to point out various interesting things out of the windows, it helped to distract Sasha from her constant need to pee a little.

A couple of rows in front she could see another pair of young women, clearly both desperate to pee as their legs bounced up and down. Sasha wondered if that was what she looked like right now,her legs shifting uncontrollably where she sat. The bumps in the road were pure agony, each pothole seemingly trying to break her defences and make her wet herself. But a short while later she heard the guide announce they were nearing their drop off point, "just a few minutes" she told herself, she could last that long.

Stepping off the bus the group found themselves in a busy rural Italian town, full of market stalls and local people walking around. The smells and colours coming from all the stalls were amazing, filled with ripe fruit and flowers.

“I need a toilet” Sasha gasped to the others, “Like now”

“I uhh ok, im sure there is a restaurant around here somewhere.” Janet replied, feeling sorry for her friend that hadn’t had the chance to pee like her. “why don’t we ask the bus guide?”

“Perfect!” Sasha said, walking back to the bus “Sorry, excuse me, would you know where there is a café or resurant around here?”

The guide turned around, another knowing look of having seen this a million times written across his face. “Im sorry, its market day so they wont be open this early. But if you go down that street and turn left there should be a local café with facilities you can use, if it helps the Italian for toilet is gabinetto.”

“Sorry, they are not open yet? But its gone half 10” Sasha said, trying not to get angry at him for the situation she had put herself in.

“Yes, but im afraid businesses in this town don’t open until around 12 because they are at the market, or just because they don’t expect much in the way of business with everyone else there.”

“Ok…sorry” She said, before walking slowly back to the group.

“What did he say?” Janet asked.

“He said im screwed basically. The market means things don’t open for another hour and a half”

“Do you think you can last that long?" asked Barbara

“Well, I guess its my only option” Although she didn't seem to sure of herself in that.

“Come on, im sure we can find something that is open” Barbara said, starting to walk into town.

An hour and several confused Italians later the group found themselves sat on a bench in town, Sasha was now beside herself in desperation. Unable to move she was currently sat with both hands buried deep in her crotch, legs crossed and bent forwards. She looked a mess, sweat covering her body and the ribbon in her hair coming undone, but she could focus on nothing but her need to pee. They had been unable to find anything that was open, and despite Barbara’s comments of peeing outside there was simply no time between the passing locals at market. Why was the universe against her, why did she have to leave the ship. It had now been way longer than it would have been If she waited in the Que.

Her bladder spasmed again, aching for release as her muscles did their best to keep her clothes dry. Bending over more she could feel the thin plastic belt digging into her and reminding her even more of her poor choices. Aware there was no way she would be making it till tomorrow without peeing she wasn’t even sure why she was wearing it in the first place. Her frustration getting the better of her she straightened up to the surprise of her friends, crossing her legs tighter she freed her hands to undo the belt.

“Come on, stupid thing” She said tugging at the belt that didn’t seem to want to come apart.

“Come on!” she almost shouted, fighting with the belt.

“Are you ok?” Lilli asked

“No, no im not OK. I really need to pee” she whimpered “And this stupid belt is digging into me and now I cant get it off, and the stupid place wont open so I can pee and im literally about to wet myself” A pair of tears rolled down her flushed face, the hopelessness of the situation getting to her.

“No, don’t say that, you will be ok. Lets see if I can help you with that” Lili tried to reassure her, moving over to try and help with the belt.

“How does this thing even work, we pull these tabs here” Pulling on the tabs didn’t achieve anything other than making Sasha grunt in discomfort as the force Jostled her bladder.

“Sorry” Lili said. “I don’t know why its not working” Peering closer at the belt she could see that some of the mechanism had gotten caught on a bit of the plastic belt which had somehow twisted inside the lock. “I think its stuck on itself”

“Oh great, just what I needed” Pressing her hands between her legs and bending over once again, Sasha's fate seemed sealed.

“Maybe the guy at the bus has something we can use. I mean its their fault if its broken”

“I…..I….I don’t know if I can make it even that far.”

“Come on, what have you got to loose, you cant pee with it on anyway.”

Slowly Sasha stood, her centre of gravity shifting again causing her bloated bladder to spasm inside her. Eyes wide in shock she felt her muscles quiver and the smallest of leaks escape her tormented bladder. She really didn’t have much time and now she knew it.

The walk back to the bus felt like a marathon to poor Sasha, who had to stop every now and then to make sure she didn’t loose it. She was on the very edges of control, but through the encouragement of her 3 friends she made it dry. Knocking on the bus Lilli woke the driver who had been napping, his cap over his eyes.

“Hi, how can I help?”

“Um…my friends belt seems to be stuck and she would like to ….remove it.”

“Oh…um, I can take a look. If its ok with you.” Getting a nod from Sasha he bent down to inspect the belt, which wasn’t easy with how much the young woman was moving.

“I…uh, It looks like one of the tabs was pulled without the other one? And its somehow got that side stuck in the wrong place. Im not sure what I can do though sorry.”

“I….hhuuh” Sasha groaned

“Have you got anything that we can cut it with? If its already broken it wont come off without something like that anyway” Barbara asked

“Um…” he thought for a moment before rushing through the bus to a small first aid box under one of the chairs. “I…..here we are” he said pulling out a pair of strange looking scissors. “These are made for bandages I think, but they might do the trick?”

“If I just…uhh…actually would one of you like to do it. It feels a bit odd me doing it.”

“Oh just give them here” Lilli said, grabbing them and sliding them under the belt of the still dancing Sasha. Catching the plastic material between the blades she pressed them shut, but unfortunately the thin plastic seemed to only warp slightly as the blades slid along its smooth surface. Trying a few more times she could see it wasn’t going to work.

“Have you got anything else?”

“Uhh…no im afraid I don’t”

“Oh god”. Sasha whimpered again, pressing her crotch even harder she fought the thought of just letting it all go and ending her suffering. It would be so easy to just let it out, but then she would still be stuck in her wet clothes, although she wasn’t sure that would be so bad right now.

“I….uh well im supposed to go back and pick up the next group soon. I could leave a little early and you could come back with me. See if you can get it sorted at the boat if you think you can…..make it that far…..I’ll be fast.”

“Hhuuuhh, yeah, yeah ill try” Sasha agreed. “You guys enjoy the town….ill try and not pee myself”

Boarding the bus she sat on the first seat by the door, trying to limit the time between getting on and off as much as possible. Her slightly damp underwear a reminder than every second would count. The ride itself was so much worse than it had been a couple of hours earlier, her now at capacity bladder almost breaking with each of the small bumps. A haze of desperation had descended onto her mind, unable to keep track of anything but her need to pee and the memories of everything she could have done to avoid this situation.

“We are almost there” the driver said.

Looking out of the window she could see the ship in the distance she was almost there! But as her concentration was broken by the new hope the bus hit a particularly big hole in the road. Being so close to the front also meant she was sat right above the wheel, meaning that the shock went strait through her and her poor bladder. Again she felt her muscles tremble as her bloated bladder sent a wave of pain through her abdomen, a burning heat now present int the pit of her stomach. A second larger leak escaped her control, saturating her cotton underwear and soaking through into her shorts. Her face burned with shame as she felt the wetness spread between her legs, but somehow she regained control. It was only a leak, despite everything going against her she was still in control.

Pulling up to the ship the diver opened the doors and she stepped out on unsteady feet. She must have looked a right state to the passengers waiting for the second trip.

“Hey Sasha, how’s it going”

Oh no, it was the other group from last night. They were waiting for the next bus. Her brain failed to come up with anything as she stood there for a few moments just staring at Cath and the others.

“I uhhh” She could see the looks of concern and confusion from the others. Her face burning even more as her legs started to tremble beneath her.

“They are over here” the driver said, sensing her embarrassment. “If you would like to board I will check you passes once you are on the bus” he said trying to split the two groups up and save Sasha from any more awkward encounters or outright humiliation.

“I…thanks” She said as the other group boarded the bus, excitement overcoming curiosity.

“No problem, ill take you to another member of staff and explain and they should be able to help you.”

The next 100 meters could have been a million for Sasha, the effort of not exploding on the spot taking its toll. Thankfully the driver had gone ahead and explained the situation, she could see a couple of members of staff walking towards her.

“Hi, so you are having a problem with your belt?”

“Yeah” Sasha said, trying to remain calm despite the situation. If this was her only chance to save her graces she didn’t want to confuse them or make it any worse than it already was.

“Ok, do you mind if I take a look at it?” The man asked.

“No, thats ok”

Crouching down he carefully inspected the belt, just like the driver. “Ah ok, I see what the issue is, its overlapped with the mechanism.”

“Can you cut it off or something, I really need to use the bathroom” Sasha said her legs starting to vibrate again.

“im afraid they were designed to be tamper proof so they are not easily cut. We do have something that can do it, but it might take some time to find it and im guessing you would rather get this off now?”

“Yes, I cant wait much longer, please.” She begged

“Ok, well we have seen this a few time, usually when people have tried to take it off and reassemble it themselves. We have found that pulling hard on both tabs can sometimes force it through the mechanism…but it will probably be uncomfortable” He said.

“Look, I don’t care I really just want this off so I can pee.” Another tear rolled down her face as she resumed full on pee dancing, her whole abdomen quivering as her tired muscles tried to remain clenched..

“Ok, so sue if you take that tab and pull on three?” he said to the other member of staff.

“You sure you are ready?” He asked Sasha

“Yes” Sasha said breathlessly, doing her best to keep more tears from her eyes.

“Ok then” he said putting his left hand on her leg for leverage he grabbed the tab of the belt in the other. “1….2…..3!”

The force of them pulling almost toppled Sasha over as she stumbled, the belt suddenly tight around her before falling free onto the floor. But it was too late.

Letting out a final whimper Sasha’s bladder burst into her green shorts. Her pee shooting out of her and down both of her legs at speed.

“Shit” the man shouted as his hand became covered in Sasha’s pee which was now flowing rapidly down her bare legs and over his hand that had been holding onto one of them. The light green shorts instantly darkened around her crotch, the wetness spreading to cover her backside before running down the back of legs as well, splattering nosily onto the ground from her calves.

A small puddle formed as Sasha sobbed where she stood, she was 24 and currently peeing herself in Italy. She wanted to run off completely humiliated, but her legs seemed to be frozen on the spot. More and more pee pushed its way out of her tired body, it had gone without relief for more than a full day, not knowing if this was going to be a regular event it seemed intent on emptying itself quickly. Thirty seconds later her steam came to an end, the last drops falling into the large puddle that had formed on the sun baked concrete. Covering her face in shame she wanted to wake up in her room again, surely this had all been a nightmare, this couldn’t have happened for real.

A few more moments of silence passed, only the faint engine of the distant bus and sound of the waves could be heard.

“Um…im really really sorry.” The woman said, the first time she had spoken to her.

“Yeah, but if it makes you feel any better we see this sort of thing all the time.” The man said waiting a few moments before speaking again. “I don’t mean to add to the situation, but if you give us your pass I can stamp it here and then you can go and get…cleaned up if you want.”

Nodding and still not saying a word Sasha handed over her pass. Still stood at the centre of the puddle as it started to dry in the hot Italian sun. Getting her pass back she walked off still avoiding eye contact, trying to make her way to her room seeing as few people as possible. Her shorts were clearly wet and it would be obvious to anyone who saw her, but thankfully it seemed only a handful of people were walking around the ship Opening the door to her room she carefully took off her shoes and wet shorts, kicking them into the corner of her room. Tears started to well up as she began to sob at the situation, she couldn’t believe she had just done that, it had been years, decades since her last accident, this was humiliating. Jumping in the shower she let the warm wash away her tears and cleaned the pee from her legs.

Finishing up her longer than normal shower and getting dressed in some fresh jeans and t-shirt, Sasha decided she would take a walk. Perhaps a bit of retail therapy would help her get over the disastrous start to the day. As she left her room she could still feel a phantom wetness between her legs, even after changing she just couldn't shake the feeling.

Leaving her room she walked the decks of the ship freely, when suddenly she felt her flipflop step in something wet in the carpet. Looking around she realised she was also noticing more and more wet floor signs, what was going on? Walking towards the elevators she stepped inside, pressing the shopping floor's button she stood back.

“Please, hold the lift!” came a desperate shout.

Sticking her hand out she stopped the doors from closing as a tall skinny blonde all but sprinted into the lift.

“Thank you!”

“No pro…. Are you ok?” Sasha asked.

Since getting in the blonde had been walking in rapid small circles with two hands between her legs.

“Shit, shit, shit, shit, shit. Yeah sorry, I really have to pee and the line on this floor was massive”

Suddenly it all made sense, just like her, it seemed that all the other people onboard were suffering a similar fate.

“Oh…..oh no” the girl cried.

A strong stream of clear pee flowed between her legs, falling straight from underneath her short denim skirt. Squatting quickly the girl pulled up her skirt to save it and Sasha couldn’t help but notice the girls white pants turn almost transparent as she pissed herself in the lift.

“Im sorry, im so sorry” She started to apologise profusely to Sasha

“No its ok, trust me I was in the same boat earlier” she said showing her the black mark on her hand.

Suddenly a loud ding announced their arrival at the next floor. Sasha saw the young woman still squatting throw a hand between her slender legs and stand, a small stream still flowing for a few seconds before being cut off. “Ok, I think I can make it. Sorry about that” the woman said before rushing off to find the toilet on this floor.

Carefully stepping out of the lift she was shocked to see the same thing on this floor, occasional darker areas of carpet, some suspiciously around potted plants. Dodging the puddles she made her way into the big shopping area, looking to find the makeup isle to get some new supplies for a make over, a sure way to to make herself feel better. Selecting a few pieces, a new shade of lipstick and some killer shades she paid for them with the mornings winnings and made her way back to her room.

Having now found the stairs she walked up them towards her room, passing the ladies room she could see a line of a dozen or more women still waiting outside the toilets. Another woman walking out red faced and avoiding eye contact, her torn jeans darkened down the inside of both legs, a clear sign she hand’t made it.

It seemed that Sasha wasn't the only one having trouble waiting today, it seemed the ship was full of people coming to the ends of their bladders abilities. While she could defiantly sympathise, it did give her some comfort to know she wasn’t the only one.

####

Thanks for reading, I hope you enjoyed this chapter.

And thanks again for all the positive comments!
