Emma's Root Awakening Car Wetting
	(whole first chapter free to celebrate publishing!)
Author: MaxMorgan

*000*2025-01-13 08:47

Hey everyone! I've finally finished writing + publishing my first ever pee e-book novella. I've published three versions - one fully fledged version that contains both Emma and Trevor's POVs alternating each chapter, and separate versions that contain only Emma and only Trevor for those only interested in reading about one gender.

I've received so much support here as I worked on this book, and so I want to share the whole first two chapters free here on omorashi.org to say thank you to everyone that has reached out to me with support, commissions or just chatting!

I'll post the first Emma chapter here, and the first Trevor chapter in a separate post for those interested in men 😄

If you want to support me and purchase some high quality long-form piss erotica, check out my books on SmashWords! I would love to hear your feedback and what you'd like to read in my next book.

The whole book

Emma's POV only

Trevor's POV only

###

Here's the first chapter in it's entirety.

This story contains female desperation, leaking, and wetting. It also has a female watching a male pee publicly.

###

Chapter 1

Sun was already beaming through a crack in the curtains when Emma woke up, sweating and tangled in the sheets. Fumbling around for her phone, she had the vague sense that she had forgotten something important. Her bleary eyes snapped into focus as soon as she unlocked her phone and swiped open the calendar, adrenaline flooding her body. She was already running an hour behind schedule to hit the road for the conference.

The conference was a once-a-year event, run by the biggest names in the gardening and landscaping industry. Emma had worked for Lawn & Order for the last three years after graduating university, but this was the first year she had been selected to attend The Root Awakening. Attending the conference, known within the industry as simply Root, felt like a huge step for Emma. Although she wasn’t presenting at the conference, she knew she was representing her company and she couldn’t afford to fuck it up if she wanted to progress in her career - which she did want, badly. Working as a landscaping apprentice after getting a degree in journalism had been a blow to her ego, but job opportunities in her field were low at the moment and she had to pay the bills somehow.

Last night she had gone out drinking with some of her friends from uni, and although she hadn’t planned to overindulge, hearing how successful they each were in their respective fields had driven her to order one drink after another. She felt hungover, and the drinks she had consumed the night before were making themselves known in her bladder. Now incredibly conscious that she was behind schedule for the conference, Emma swiftly plugged her phone in to charge and leapt out of bed to get ready. She almost sprinted to the shower, tearing off her clothes and jumping in before the water had even warmed up. The spray of cold water against her body caused her bladder to involuntarily release a squirt of urine, warm against her inner thigh. For a moment she was shocked and embarrassed - she had never peed in the shower before - but as her bladder throbbed she swiftly decided that just this once would be okay.

Milliseconds after consciously deciding to release control, her body took over and pee started rushing down her legs. The warm liquid contrasting with the cool shower and the relief in her bladder started to feel almost like pleasure, and Emma sighed deeply as she relaxed and leaned her forehead against the cold shower wall. After peeing for what felt like ten minutes, her stream finally died down as the shower water started to reach a pleasant temperature. She quickly washed her hair and body, taking note that she was slightly aroused but unable to act on it due to her rush to get ready.

After her shower, Emma got dressed in what she thought was her most professional adult outfit - slim fitting navy blue business pants and a white blouse that she had carefully ironed the day before. Her head still pounded with the hangover, so she chugged a large glass of water and filled a one litre drink bottle with an electrolyte mix for the car ride, hoping that by the time she reached The Root Awakening she would feel more alert. Dragging her pre-packed suitcase to the car, she set up Google Maps to the location - a three hour drive - and set off on her way. She had made better time getting ready than she expected, so she hoped that by skipping all of her planned breaks along the drive she might arrive almost on time.

As she drove, she reflected on the past few years she had spent working at Lawn & Order. She enjoyed her work and it paid well enough, but she felt a nagging sense of unfulfillment; she had never gotten the chance to work in her chosen field of journalism, and - even worse, in her mind - she had never had a real relationship. Sure, she’d been on a few dates with guys from uni, but they never worked out. She was too afraid to be vulnerable, and the few times she had had sex with guys she had always ended things shortly afterwards to avoid any real intimacy. She secretly hoped that attending Root might push her out of her comfort zone and maybe even give her the chance to meet someone.

Half an hour later, Emma realized she was getting quite hungry and she felt a slight twinge as her bladder filled with the water she had chugged on her way out the door and the electrolyte drink she sipped on as she drove. The big golden arches of a McDonald’s peeked from behind a gas station just ahead of her, so she decided to stop in and take care of her needs. Pulling into the carpark, her heart sank as she saw the snaking queue of people waiting at the McDonald’s counter and she made a snap decision to head into the drive through instead. The queue of cars still took a few minutes to reach the window, but when she was finally able to order she selected a breakfast muffin and a large coffee. It wasn’t until she had merged back onto the highway that she realized she had forgotten to use the bathroom.

The effects of skipping the bathroom really started to catch up with Emma an hour after her McDonald’s stop. She had finished her litre of electrolytes as well as her large coffee, and her bladder was getting uncomfortably full. Deciding it necessitated a bathroom break before it became too painful, she pulled over to search for a public toilet along her route on Google Maps. She was now in the middle of open countryside so businesses were few and far between, but she was able to locate a gas station about 20 minutes away and just slightly off her intended route. Setting her navigation to the gas station, she squeezed her legs together and hoped that the detour wouldn’t cause her to be late to the conference.

As she drove on, the pressure in her bladder continued to build steadily. In her head she cursed herself for drinking so much liquid and not predicting the consequences. She checked her Google Maps as she rounded a sweeping bend, seeing that she had just ten more minutes before she reached the bathroom. As soon as she looked back up at the road, she had to pump the brakes - a huge queue of cars was stopped just around the corner! The car shuddered to a complete stop, throwing Emma forwards in her seat. Her seatbelt slammed hard into her bladder, causing a stream of urine to squirt powerfully out into her pants.

Emma gasped and shoved her hand between her legs, squeezing hard on her crotch to stop the stream. She was completely shocked, unable to believe what had just happened. Nothing like this had ever happened to her before. She removed her hand from her crotch and attempted to process her situation. A jet of pee had soaked the crotch of her underwear and pants, but most of her butt was dry and she didn’t think it had soaked through into the seat of her car. Traffic had fully come to a standstill around her, and if she craned her neck she could see a car crash had occurred about a kilometre down the road, blocking the lanes both ways. She started to reverse her car, trying to turn around and find another route, but three cars quickly joined the queue behind her and her car was blocked on all sides.

30 minutes later, Emma had accepted that she was certainly going to be late to Root. A tow truck was just arriving to move the crash off the road, but it would take some time. Her bladder was screaming, full to the brim and bulging out of her abdomen. She massaged it idly, trying to take her mind off the pain by thinking of other things, but it was hard to ignore the mounting pressure on her urethra. Just ahead of her car, a car door opened and a man stepped out. He was squeezing his own crotch and he scrambled down the ditch next to the road, presumably to get some privacy, but Emma could see him clearly.

He released his grip on his crotch to fumble with his belt buckle, and she saw a spot of urine begin to darken on the front of his blue jeans. He frantically yanked open his fly and grabbed his penis out of his underwear, pee flying out wildly on all angles as he pulled it out. Emma felt her face flush hot with embarrassment, and tried to avert her eyes, but she found that she just couldn’t look away. Her eyes were locked on his penis as his pee rushed out in a thick clear stream, hitting the gravel of the ditch and running down between his feet into the roadside grass.

Emma’s bladder began to squeeze down heavily as she watched the man relieve his own desperation right in front of her. He tipped his head back in relief, and she could hardly think as her body responded desperately, wanting that release for itself. Her urethra began to pulse, cramping with the difficulty of holding back the tidal wave in her bladder. Her vision started to blur at the edges, and with the small part of her brain that was still working she realized she had a few seconds, at most, to get out of the car before she had a full blown accident.

She took her hands out of her crotch for a second to undo her seatbelt and open the door, and although all her muscles were clamped down, she felt a small stream of urine begin to trickle involuntarily out of her. As she opened the door, she looked up and realized with dismay that the tow truck had moved away and the cars in front of her were starting to creep forwards. There was no way she could get out of the car now, and she let out a small cry as she realized she had no choice but to drive on.

Her car rolled forwards, and the trickle of pee sliding out of her continued. She felt her crotch becoming warm, and as tears of pain and embarrassment rolled down her face she began to understand that she would never make it and would certainly pee herself in her car. The second that she had accepted that fact, her body took over and released all of the tension she had been holding in her muscles. She slumped forwards onto the steering wheel as pee gushed out of her urethra and soaked her crotch and butt, wetting her pants down to her knees.

Her seat began to fill up with liquid until she was sitting in what felt like a bucket of urine, warming her thighs and lapping around her crotch. Emma felt shame, but the feeling of immense relief began to take over her mind until all she could focus on was the release of the pee rushing out of her and soaking deep into the seat. She continued to pee continuously as the queue of cars rolled forward, not even trying to stop the flow anymore.

As she rolled to a stop finally in front of the gas station, she parked her car and sat silently. Her body felt absolutely spent, like she had just run a marathon, and the seat of her car was fully saturated with her pee. She also felt weirdly satisfied - the release of so much pressure had felt phenomenal, almost transcendent. No time to process those feelings though, she had to make it to Root and she had been even more badly delayed now. She accepted she would be late, but hoped to mitigate the damage by arriving at a reasonable time.

She rushed into the gas station with a change of clothes in hand and wiped herself down with a handful of toilet paper before quickly dressing in her new outfit and jogging back to the car. The soaked seat was a problem - she dug around in the boot of her car until she found an old plastic shopping bag to cover the seat with. Jumping back behind the wheel, she hit the road as fast as she could and tried to push the mixed feelings of shame and pleasure from her mind.

*002*2025-01-14 03:03

{{3 hours ago, JimSpurs666 said:

Great story. Please continue

}}

Thank you, I'm really glad you liked it!

The rest of Emma's story is included in my published books (Emma's Root Awakening, and Emma & Trevor's Root Awakening) so I won't be sharing any more from this particular storyline for free - but I'll definitely be posting more free content over the next weeks/months as I start working on my next novella.

I'm also working on a commission at the moment that I have permission to share publicly, so once that's done I'll have some more content to share 😃

