The servants of the Prince

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-08-20 13:52

First of all, all participants are older than 18 years.

In a foreign country lived a young prince who had in the palace of his parents a lot of maids and servants for his own well being and for his sadistic perverse desires.

Once he invited a young man from a neighboring country. He was also something like a prince.

At the dinner the guest was impressed by many pretty servants who showed a lot of their naked body skin.

Their legs were almost nude up to their panties and their bellies were naked as well.

One of the girls, young and particularly beautiful, stood next to them and made sure their glasses were always refilled.

The other stood a little further away or were in the kitchen.

The guest couldn’t stop looking at this gorgeous body of the girl, but somehow it looked like something was hurting her.

Then began a dialogue between the two young men.

Guest :”Is something wrong with this girl, she is so pretty, but she looks so suffering.”

Prince : “ Everything is okay with her, it’s nothing important her bladder is full that’s all.”

Guest : You mean her urine bladder?”

Prince : “Yes her dirty piss bladder is full, it must be already very full.”

Guest : “ Why do you know that?”

Price: Because she did something absolutely forbidden a few hours ago, she asked me if she could go to the toilet.That is absolutely impossible!

Guest : “ You didn’t let her go?! Why didn’t you?”

Prince : “There are two reasons, we have strict rules.

Our servants are not allowed to use the toilets in the palace. They can use their toilets in their quarters early in the morning and then again at night before sleeping.

In between, they are not allowed to use a toilet.

Another reason is that i find it incredibly hot when girls desperately need to pee and that’s why I sometimes don’t let them go in the morning, like today.”

Guest :”She hadn’t peed since yesterday, that is absolutely hot, then it is no wonder that she is suffering so much and that her beautiful belly is so swollen.

I also love desperate girls very much. It’s so hot when they’re full to burst. When they have to piss like crazy but are not allowed.”

Prince : “ Although she is still very young and new, she must get punished for showing you her distress and her need , she must be trained to control her urge with discipline.”

I leave the punishment to you, you can take her to your room for the night, for your pleasure and for your fun.

You can decide whether you let her pee or whether you make her hold it until morning.”

”Guest:” Do you think that she can last until tomorrow without peeing?”

Prince :” I don’t know, but if you don’t let her to the toilet, she’ll have to endure it ! She can’t piss in your bed she has to hold it no matter how bad she will need to go. Her piss hole must remain closed and her dirty piss bladder has to stretch and to expand to oversize!”

Not letting her piss before bed would be a good punishment for her indiscipline.”

Having to pee so badly will hurt her a lot, but punishment must hurt!”

“We are not bad guys, you should give her something to drink before you take her to your bed so she doesn’t have to suffer from thirst.” Said the prince and smiled sadistically.

“But if you prefer another girl, then take another one for your pleasure and for your lust, they all have full bladders, they all haven’t peed sine yesterday.” Offered the Prince.

*001*2025-08-24 08:36

For the guest was it not a question, he wanted the young pretty servant girl for the night.

After dinner, went the two men to the saloon for some drinks. The girl had to be right at their side to fulfill their wishes.

The poor girl had to pee so badly that she didn’t know what to do anymore.

She stood there with her thighs and her knees pressed tightly together.

Sometimes she crossed her legs to press her slit even tighter between her very arousing thighs.

She would not have been allowed to do this usually but the Prince allowed it because it was so much erotic for the men to see the girl struggling and fighting so much.

”She is already full to bursting, do you think she really can last until tomorrow without peeing?” Asked the guest full of lust.

”She has to endure it, she has no other choice.” Answered the prince sadistic.

The girl couldn’t wait to finally go to her room so she could finally piss.

At that time she didn’t know that this wouldn’t happen so soon.

She had learned to suppress her urge for hours at a time, but never for so long.

Sometimes the servant girls talk about their painful urges and their sore bladders because they are not allowed to pee from early morning until late at night, but it has never been the cases that she was not allowed to go to the toilet in the morning.

It was always a great and a special honor for a girl to be chosen to spend the night with a guest, this increased her rank in the hierarchy among the girls, but not today when their bladders were full to bursting and they were not allowed to use the toilets in the palace, that would lead to torture and the torture would be greater than the honor.

Today they wanted rather go to their rooms than to stay in the palace with the guest with a bursting full bladder.

The young girl had never stayed overnight with a guest before . She didn’t even think that this could be happening to day, she only thought about being allowed to go to her room very soon, but this time it was different, the Prince told her that today she had the honor of staying with the guest in his room.

The girl was desperate, she was already so close to peeing in her panties, she couldn’t stand it much longer.

She looked for a way out, she looked for an opportunity to empty her so much overfilled bladder and so she was begging for going to her chamber for to freshen up.

The two men knew what she really wanted to do and that was exactly what she shouldn’t do , so the guest said that she should come with him right away.

She had to obey and had to come with him immediately.

The girl was still very inexperienced and stood rather helpless and waiting in the guest’s room.

”Take off your clothes!” The man ordered.

The girl did do as ordered and was standing totally naked in front of the guy.

Her stomach was visibly swollen and her legs tightly knotted.

”You have strong human needs! Don’t you?” Asked the guy.

“Yes very painful and torturing human needs, answered the girl.

“ I wasn’t allowed to go to the toilet this morning, i haven’t been able to relieve myself since last night.My bladder is so much overfilled that it hurts very much.” Complaint the girl.

She hoped that he would feel sorry for her and that he would let her pee even it is forbidden for her in the palace.

But he simply said “ You poor thing, i hope it won’t be too painful for you during the night, but girls can handle it.”

*002*2025-08-25 21:54

Before the girl counted every hour, every minute until she would be allowed to go to her camber where she could finally pee, but now she knew that she would not get a chance to piss until tomorrow.

She had to calm down , she had to force herself to try to block out her urge and not think about it anymore. She had to give herself up and let him do whatever he wanted to do with her without to think about it.

Her body belonged to him.

That was not so easy for her because her own body was against her and her mind.

Her body demanded his right to its needs after such an unnatural long period of restraint.

It was a fight between her willpower and her bodily needs.

The man loved to see that fight against her bodily needs, he loved to see her swollen belly and her bulging bladder. He loved to see her needing to piss so very, very bad and urgently.

To know that it was already 10 pm and that she had not weed since the day before increased his lust and horniness even more.

”Lie down in the bed and wait for me.” He ordered.

He went to the bathroom, leaving the door open and pissed loud and long very powerful.

To hear that made the girl’s urge nearly unbearable.

”That was really necessary, i trank so much and didn’t piss the whole evening.” He said, well knowing that the girl didn’t piss since yesterday.

He wanted to tease her and to torture her extra this way.

But what he loved most was playing with the girl’s body and to torture her overfilled bladder, to press it, to squeeze it and to massage it.

He loved to hear the girl moan and to see in her face how she is struggling to hold her urine inside her.

He loved to see how she tensed her muscles with all her strength and how she balled her hands into fists from the effort to hold it back.

The Prince on the other hand was also horny because of the situation with the servant girl all the hours before, he didn’t want to sleep alone that night.

In his country was it quite common for rich people to have boys (over 18 years)as well for fun and for to play with them.

The mal servants are dressed similarly like the female. They did wear short dresses or short skirts. Their legs were bare and some of them had their upper body nude as well.

The Prince had a favorite boy for his games, a boy who had already spent several nights with him and this boy he took into his chambers.

The boy also had no access to the toilet in the morning, because the Prince was a great sadist who loved it so much to make his servants hold their pee for extreme long periods of time.

Don’t even let them pee when they were already full to burst and very desperate.

The boy knew exactly what awaited him and his bladder, he knew that his bladder would be tormented until the next morning, but he loved the nights with the Prince.

*006*2025-08-28 06:13

{{4 hours ago, HoldingPrinces said:

Good writing again as usual. Glad to see your marvellous stories back

}}

Thank you for your complimet. I am glad that you still like my stories.

{{1 hour ago, desi pee love said:

Very intrigued I'm interested good writing

}}

Thank you, i am glad you like it.

*007*2025-08-29 07:01

{{On 8/27/2025 at 6:40 PM, holdit247 said:

Wow, what a scenario! Loving this.

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like it.

*008*2025-08-29 21:36

As well the boy as the girl were needing to piss very, very bad and extremely urgently.

They are forced to hold their urine from the night before and from the entire day in their bladders and their were still not allowed to pee.

They are used to having to pee urgently but not being allowed to. They are used to having to suppress their urge for a very long periods of time, but never before they had to go to bed with their bladders so much overfilled, with their bladders full with urine from 24 hours.

Apart from being servants, they were also human with humanly needs.

They have bladders in their bellies and they need to piss when their bladders are full, but they were not allowed to go, because the two sadists wanted to see the young bodies suffering, they wanted to see them suffer the strongest urge to piss.

But that wasn’t enough for the men, the poor servants were getting their bladder tortured, their bulging bladders were pressed, pushed and massaged and it wasn’t a question of whether they could endure it, they simply had to endure it!

For the girl was it the first time that she had the honor to stay overnight with a guest of the Prince.

Apart from the fact that she had to pee painfully and urgently, it was also extremely arousing for her to feel him massaging her between her thighs and to feel how he pushes his fingers deep inside her.

The girl moaned with pee need and horniness at the same time.

The boy on the other hand, loved to be loved by the Prince and the Prince was really very much in love with the boy.

He loved his pretty, cute face and his wonderful young, slim body.

And he loved to see him frantic needing to piss and to make him hold even when he is already full to burst.

The boy on the other hand loved to spend the nights in the bed of the Prince and he loved what he was doing with him, but this time he didn’t know if he could stand it until the morning. He was needing to piss worse than ever before in his young life.

The girl was in the same situation, her bladder was about to burst, but she was banned to piss. She was afraid not being able to endure it through the night.

Every body has a limit, as well the lustgirl as the lustboy, but is it for the 2 young servants allowed to have a limit!!?

*011*2025-09-09 09:55

As well the Prince as his guest had great pleasure in their servants full bladders and in the fact that they desperately needed to pee, but were not allowed to.

Inspired by the servant girl’s need to piss, talked the two men already after dinner about the pleasure of not letting someone pee and about to ban someone to piss who is needing to go very badly.

The Prince told that his mother always take two servant girls with her when they made a long journey.

Sometimes they visited relatives in other castles. Such journeys could sometimes last very long.

From time to time they stopp for doing their human needs, usually not before their bladders were already painful full.

The coachmen and the attendants peed somewhere in the bushes, his mother had a piss pot inside the carriage, only the 2 girls never peed.

She took usually young very resilient girls at about 18 to 19 years with her.

They had to have robust and good trained bladder’s . They had to have discipline and the ability to endure the pain of a bursting full bladder.

It was not common for girls to pee in the public, they were simply not allowed to.

Girls didn’t have to pee, they had to endure until they arrived and nobody took care about their full bladders and their urge to piss.

They were girls and girls had to be able to endure that. Girls had to endure not to piss no matter how long it takes.

Many of the men didn’t even think about the fact that the girls should also pee, but some of them loved it when the girls were getting tortured by having to hold back their piss for an extremely long time.

The Prince was one of them!

He thought about their full bladders and how tight they had to squeeze their slits between their thighs together to be able hold their urine back for such a long time.

When they arrived young male servants usually waiting to carry the baggage from the carriage to bring it to the rooms.

Sometimes the girls couldn’t even stand straight and upright anymore from needing to piss so inhumane bad and urgently, but they still were not allowed to go.

They had to come with the servants in the guest rooms to unpack the clothes.

The servants were knowing very well that the girls are always full to explode when they arrive, they know that they don’t get a chance to piss even once during the entire long journey.

Many of the men love to see the girls suffer badly and want to extend their holding time for their own horniness.

They want to see them move in pain from their bursting bladders and to hear them moan about their painful urges.

The girls were begging for to show them their cambers as quickly as possible so they could finally pee, but the guys had much time, because they wanted to see the girls squirm and suffer for longer.

Guys always knew that girls can be so turning on and can make so horny when they are desperate to piss.

On the way to the servants house they walked bended over with rubbing knees and their hands between their thighs.

Seeing this made the guy’s think about the tightly pinched cunt’s of the girls and that made them even more horny.

As soon as the girls arrived in their camber, they immediately took the piss pots from under the bed and pissed full force with high pressure.

They didn’t care about that the boys were still in the room and watched them.

They could no more care about it, they HAD to piss now, to piss and nothing else.

The boys were horny as hell because of seeing and hearing the girls piss so hard and so loud.

When the girls had pissed themselves empty after a real long time, took the boys the full pots in their hands, looked at them and said full of admiration and horniness “how can you girls hold so much piss inside you? Your bladders must have been stretched to the size of a pumpkin. That must hurt very much to hold so much for so long! Doesn’t it?”

”We don’t know how we can do it, but we simply HAVE to do it!!

Our bladders must have really been big as a pumpkin.

Our bellies were big and bulging as the abdomen of a 8 month pregnant woman.”Answered on of the girls.

”Yes it hurts very, very much. Need to piss so bad and have to hold it back for so many hours is so painful and when the way is bad and bumpy it’s so much torture for our bursting full bladders.” Said the other girl.

”So bad that you poor girls had to suffer so much.” canted the guy’s with a big boner in their trousers and still thinking of that the girls were forced to hold all that piss in their bladders.

The Prince’s guest remembered at this talk in the saloon after dinner and looked at the girls belly which was lying in his bed beside him.

He saw her bladder bulging out of her abdomen and he thought “ would she already be able to fill a piss pot with the urine which she is holding in her bladder or will she have to wait until tomorrow until she will be able to do it?”

Because of all the thoughts was the guy so horny that he had to press on the girls bladder, he had to squeeze it and to push on it.

He had to make her strong urge worse. “ A girl’s bladder is made to get tortured!” He thought to himself and pressed even harder.

The girl wanted to cross her legs to make it a little easier for her to hold back her piss and easier to suppress the urge and the pressure, but the guy didn’t let her do it.

He pushed her knees apart and massaged her slit between her thighs. He pushed 2 fingers deep inside her and pressed with the other hand on her bladder.

Her urge to piss was never before that strong.

Never before she had to suppress her morning pee for the entire day and never before she had to go to bed with the urine from the previous night inside her.

That was inhumane but she had to endure it, there was no other way for her than endure it!

The Prince’s boy on the other hand was common to get his bladder tortured.

He was common to hold and being banned to piss until he gets nearly crazy from needing to go so bad.

The Prince was in love with him, but the boy must get punished for his cuteness and for his wonderful sexy body, it should be forbidden to look like this, he must get punished and tortured for this, that was the devise of the sadistic Prince.

The boy was in love with the Prince as well and he was getting a little bit masochistic during the time and therefore he loved their sometimes for him very painful games as well.

The Prince had the idea to use the opportunity to invite his guest and his servant girl next morning for a breakfast in his rooms.

The boy and the girl should stay naked and their bladders should stay full, full to burst!

After their breakfast together, they will have time and joy to “play “ with the young couple for some hours.

*014*2025-09-20 05:20

{{On 9/13/2025 at 7:19 AM, goldenink said:

I’ve been quietly following this story for a while but I just had to comment and say I love it so far! Very hot! Can’t wait for the next part 💛

}}

Thank you, i am glad you love it.

*015*2025-09-21 07:51

{{On 9/20/2025 at 5:39 AM, eucoloco said:

I'm loving it and looking forward to the continuation

}}

Thank you, i am glad that you like my story.

*016*2025-09-22 17:06

The guest of the Prince always loved situations where girls couldn’t pee for a very long time, where girls had to go painfully, but did get a chance to go, or were not allowed to go.

He heard that girls were tortured or punished by being forbidden to urinate.

They weren’t allowed to piss because men wanted to get excited and horny by their distress and their desperation and it turns on a lot when girls are frantic to piss but not allowed to go.

Or they were forbidden to pee as punishment for disobedience or other misconduct .

Piss ban and bladder torture was a very popular punishment for girls, especially men loved to punish girls that way.

He heard that this happened often and he loved that imagination that girls were panned to piss for very long periods of time. Deep inside he knew that it is bad and evil , but the fact was turning him on very much.

Now it was reality, it was 11 pm and he had a girl in his bed who had not peed since the night before.

She had to pee so hard and so urgently for so many hours, but she was not allowed to do it.

Her body demanded its bodily needs, but her body had no right to demand anything. She was a low born servant, her body has to obey and to endure everything what was demanded and forced of him and her bladder was a part of her body!

The guy asked himself “how long can this girl endure that? Every girl has to piss once even if she is not allowed to, at some point it has to come out of her, out of her little hole in her slit between her thighs.

The girl on the other hand was afraid that she would piss in the bed during the night, that she wouldn’t be able to hold it until the morning. Never before she was forced to hold her urine back for so long!

She was not allowed to urinate since the day before, her urge was painful, her bladder was stretched to oversize and now she had to sleep with the man and didn’t know what he would do with her.

Apart from the fact that the man repeatedly pressed in her abdomen to torture her overfilled bladder, he was very loving and tender to her.

Apart from her painful urge to urinate and her hurting bladder she loved the way the guy treated her.

The girl’s body was here for the man’s pleasure and for his lust and he used it for that.

Moreover he used the fact that the girl’s bladder was full to burst and that he loved that.

He pressed, pushed and squeezed her so very, very full pissballoon until the girl was shaking and trembling with all her body from needing to pee so horrendous.

They were still sleeping as a servant from the Prince was coming to lead them to the prince’s rooms.

The girl was getting out of the bed and couldn’t even stand straight and upright anymore from needing to piss so urgently.

The guest loved to see her standing with her legs crossed tightly and bent over.

”Is it that bad!!???” Asked the guy full of lust and horniness.

”Yes it is! I have not urinate since the day before yesterday. I am afraid that my bladder will burst if i don’t get allowed to piss very soon.”Answered the girl.

The guy was hard at the moment, he dressed up, but the girl had to stay naked, she got only a kind gown for the way to the princes’s rooms.

As they arrived was the prince’s boy still lying in his bed. He was totally naked.

It was the first time that the guest saw the boy. He was impressed about his beauty. His face was pretty and cute at the same time and his body was breathtaking.

The guest saw how his bladder was bulging out of his slim, flat stomach.

It was a sign that he needed to piss as well, and that he wasn’t allowed to go for a long time.

As soon as they were inside had the girl dress up her gown.

The boy had no problem to show his body naked, but for the girl was it a shame.Into the bargain she was no more able to hide her extremely strong piss urgency.

The Prince could see her great need and was very pleased with it.

Then he said to “his” boy “ look at that maid, she can hardly control herself anymore., she’s near about to piss herself. Show her what discipline and body control means .”

”How should i do that, my Prince?” Asked the boy.

”It’s quite simple, neither of you has been allowed to piss since the day before yesterday, she is a weak girl and not very much trained but you, you are a strong good bladder trained boy, you can endure a lot more, you’ll drink an extra large glass of apple juice for breakfast to show her what a strong boy bladder can endure.

”Please don’t my prince, my bladder hurts so much, it’s already full to burst, don’t make me drink anymore, please don’t.” Was the boy begging.

But the Prince had no mercy, the pretty boy had to drink, even his bladder had burst.

The two men loved to see the young couple suffering so much from having to piss so bad and urgently.

The idea that the two poor creatures hadn’t been allowed to pee for 33 hours and the idea how urgently and painfully they had to go, made them very horny.

They wanted to save their horniness and to increase it even further, so the Prince said after the breakfast “ put her on my bed and fuck her as hard as you can!!

”Please don’t my Prince, i have to piss so bad that i can’t fuck anymore my bladder is too full and the maid would start to piss as soon as i spread her legs. Please let us piss before.”Said the boy.

”Neither of you will piss a single drop until i give you permission and now go and fuck her with all your power! But not in my bed , do it here in the middle of the room on the carpet, we want to watch you from all sides, but first come to us.

Your abdomen are so pretty swollen, we want to touch them, we want to feel how firm and how hard your bladder’s are. We want to torture your urine balls a little bit. A little bit pressing and pushing will be good for you and for our horniness as well!”Said the prince.
