Understanding Ana

Author: Meowth

*000*2018-03-03 08:21

I will soon be posting a portal page to help increase awareness of my fiction, most specifically the omorashi. Until then, I've decided to upload the first chapter (about a quarter of the story) of a furry novella I recently published on Amazon--one that has both an omorashi and a non-omorashi version!

Link to omorashi full version: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B079Z5Z8S7

Link to non-omorashi full version: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B079Z5KWHK

Link to bookcover FurAffinity: https://www.furaffinity.net/view/26504264/

Link to bookcover InkBunny: https://inkbunny.net/s/1551747

Chapter One: Awkward Beginnings

I took a long, savoring sip of my coffee, and then reached forward for another cookie. It was always the same on Fridays―get home, grab snacks, and watch bad shows online. The intent: be as lazy and relaxed as possible until I have to get up to do something. I usually can't afford to sit there in the living room for all that long, but the for the time I do, it is always bliss.

I glanced down at my body and imagined how I must have looked to anybody else. Both of my long, narrow legs extended out in a lying position, only one stretched out normally on the cushions, the other suspended, hanging lazily on the top of the couch, leaving my legs splayed wide open in a very 'unladylike display,' as mom had called it. I looked down at my backpack, which sat askew against the edge of the couch, on the floor.

Homework can wait. I sighed and snuggled deeper into the soft cushion of the couch. Everything can wait.... This is paradise....

My ear twitched.

I heard something coming from behind me, from behind the front door. I couldn't make out the words, but the voice was... familiar.

It's... him. I thought. My heart skipped a beat and my body tightened.

Then I heard another familiar voice coming from the same place. The sound of my brother's laugh rang out as his key slipped into the front door deadbolt.

My blond fur bristled. I jolted into an upright position and immediately began arranging the contents of the coffee table to make it look more organized.

It's HIM.

The doorknob jiggled as my brother's hand curled around it and in that instant, I remembered something of the utmost importance: I'd undone the button of my jeans the moment I'd walked in. I looked down in horror at the unfastened button, at the loose, informal look of my jeans, at the casual, lazy, almost slothful illusion it cast over my appearance--and worse yet, at the small, inverted triangle of exposed panties.

The nightsky panties.... Or that was what I'd named them. They were cotton, dark blue with a thick, gray waistband and a gray stretchy trim all around, and they were covered with the image of small, yellow, 5-pointed stars, like something you'd see out of a cartoon.

A CARTOON, I thought, blushing at the mere thought he might see even a glimpse of them. As the door knob turned, I sucked in a deep breath and reached down at a speed so great that for a moment, my hand aged slower than the rest of my body.

I flinched from the familiar sting that radiated out from my lower belly. Ugh, gotta pee.

The front door flew open and my brother, Viktor, led the way inside. Not that I cared about him. The only person I cared about was the tall, beautiful, masculine, ultra-nice, ultra-tall, ultra-beautiful red-fox following close behind.

I turned to greet them.

“Hey, Vikkie. And h-hi, Alex.” I smiled and my voice wavered.

“Hey, Ana.” Vik replied flatly.

Alex smiled back at me. “Hey! Long time no see!”

My smile widened. “Yeah!”

“Anyway,” Vik continued. “You're exaggerating. Entertainers were basically a money sink.”

Alexander looked at him crookedly. “Okay, why exactly would a single player game have a money sink in it?”

“You're overthinking it.”

Mark and Sandy followed behind them a few moments later.

“Oh, my, God.” Sandy said, with her usual bitchiness. “Are you guys still talking about that old game?”

“Hey Mark. And hello Sandy!” I called out.

“Hey,” Mark said, closing the door behind him. Sandy ignored me like she always did....

“Blame Alex.” Vik went on. “He's the one who won't let the topic die.”

“Yeah, because you're spreading slander.” Alex said.

“I don't think calling a useless money sink a useless money sink is slander.” He said with shrug. “Anyway, let's go to the room.”

Alexander shook his head. “Evading your judgment.”

I swallowed. Okay, okay, here's my chance.... Just say something, Ana. All you have to do is ask. The worst they can say is no, right?

“...Is your mom here?” Mark asked lowly.

“Yeah,” Vik answered, looking toward the kitchen. “She's here.” He said something low that I couldn't hear from the couch, but I figured it was about smoking pot.

“Um,” I broke in, a sudden silence taking over the room. “You guys mind if I come?”

Mark and Vik exchanged a look with each other, while Sandy continued exchanging looks with her phone like always. The silence went on for several seconds. I kept my eyes on Vik.

Why aren't you answering...? I'm not gonna be weird, just say yes. I'm your sister....

“Sure!” Alex called out, slicing through the silence with the sharpest, cutest grin I'd ever seen. “You can join us, Ana.”

I looked over at him and beamed. “O-Okay!”

As Vik and Mark talked about something with low voices, my toes curled in anticipation. I get to spend the day hanging out with Alexander.... Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes!

I hopped off the couch and turned to face them uncertainly. I could tell they all had... mixed feelings on my joining them―but who cared about them?

The only person I care about is Alex....

I saw him looking at me from the side and blushed. When I met his eyes and looked away, it seemed like he may have been blushing too....

I couldn't keep myself from not examining his perfect body. He was only a year older than I was, but he was so much bigger. He was probably a foot taller. He wasn't buff, but he sure was defined. He had tight skin over small, developed muscles, and a charming face and smile to boot.

I wonder how he'd look in a suit. Or in swim trunks. Or... in nothing.

I swallowed. Calm down, don't be weird....

“Whatev's.” Vik said, beginning to walk toward the downstairs hallway.

As I followed them back to 'the room,' which was basically just our laundry room, my eyes locked on to Alex again. They traveled up the length of his long, defined legs, over the mounds of his tight quads, and his lean, runner's thighs.... His butt looked small in the shorts, but I knew by the many times I'd glared at him as he bent over that it was tight and fit like the rest of his body.

I looked down at my own legs. I took a deep, silent breath. Dang, I'm really horny all of a sudden....

When we arrived at 'the room,' everybody went straight for their usual chair―except me, of course. I didn't have a usual chair. If I ever had the pleasure of joining them, I had to sit on the drier off to the side, which didn't make joining the conversations any easier.

“Hey,” Mom greeted us with a smile. She looked toward Vikkie. “Welcome home.”

“Hey, mom.”

“I'll be out of here in just a minute. Just throwing in a load.”

“Aw, man. That thing makes a ton of noise....”

“There isn't much I can do about that. Not if you want clean clothes.”

“Yeah, I know.”

“You know, you could always get a job and buy a new one....” She said with her best 'mom' tone.

The group of kids exchanged amused glances (though, no glances were shot in my direction). “Yeah, sure mom.”

I stood by the drier waiting for her to finish. Most of them seemed to ignore me, which made the 'standing around while everybody else sat' thing slightly less embarrassing, but I caught sight of Alexander looking over at me, the last person I wanted to be awkward around. I squirmed a bit.

You're so hot....

When mom left, I hopped up on the washing machine. I'd have just sat on the drier like usual, but I knew if I sat on the washing machine it would it shake a bit less, and then things would be quieter.

Maybe they'll like me more if I do something useful....

When the noise in the room dropped from my noble sacrifice, Alexander was the only one to look at me. The washing machine was shaky and uncomfortable, but it was worth enduring if only for that one, charming smile he gave me. I tried to smile back, but it came out awkward, and I'm sure I looked like an idiot doing it.

As Alex turned away, I imagined just the two of us in the room. I imagined myself hopping off that dumb washing machine and rushing over to him and sitting on his lap. I wanted to land a big, wet kiss on his cheek and snuggle into his chest and feel him pull me close. And then I imagined the same thing, except with Vikkie, and Mark, and Sandy all present, so they could see it―so they could watch me kiss Alexander. So they could all know.

I swallowed and squirmed a bit. I stole an uncertain glance between my legs, where an usually intense feeling of pleasure was radiating.

I'm... so wet right now. Is it just cause I'm thinking of Alex...? It doesn't usually take much to get a little...damp, and being around Alexander always gets me wet enough to feel it, but... this?

When I shifted, my moist underwear rubbed against me. Had I been looking at it with my panties around my knees, I was sure it would have been no larger than the size of a dime and invisible from the outside, but I could already feel it leaking out.

Why do I feel so.... I gyrated my hips. Why do I feel so GOOD?

I swallowed and let the vibrations shake through my body. Steadily intensifying pleasure echoed through me.

Oh God.... It's... the washing machine. I'm getting turned on by the vibrations.

My toes curled and I pulled my bottom lip into my mouth as I pressed myself down into the quivering device, to force stronger vibrations into my groin.

Wow, this feels... amazing.

I flinched.

Oh crap. I have to pee. I bit my lip a little harder. Kinda bad.... I didn't think I'd... be getting this turned on. If I'd known, I'd have just gone before we came in here....

Now that I was already on the washing machine, I knew that the second I got off, it would begin to rattle loudly again, and it would bring all eyes to me. I didn't want that attention, nor was I comfortable with such a loud announcement concerning my bathroom habits.

On top of that, when I came back I'd end up back on the washing machine, and whenever I get super horny I always have to piss a ton. If they hung out in the laundry room long enough I'd probably have to excuse myself a second time―and that was a level of embarrassment I just couldn't handle.

Dang, it's getting bad fast.... Should I just go?

...But, it's also kinda making it feel better.

That was the third reason I'd foregone going, and likely the most compelling one.

I blinked heavily. Oh God....

My hips pushed forward a bit and I couldn't stop my thighs from grinding against each other, both motions further stimulating my dripping pussy.

I'm so ridiculously wet right now.... I can feel it on my panties. Oh, God, don't moan, don't moan....

I looked up slowly, toward the group that had no idea what I was doing. Mark, Sandy, and Vikkie were all talking among themselves, but I saw Alexander, his head turned the slightest bit in my direction, his eyes on me.

I jolted and looked away.

Oh my God, he's looking at me. He knows!

Alexander looked away too, and seemed to blush. A few moments later, Sandy called out his name and stole his attention.

Does he know? Can he tell? How... obvious am I being? I inhaled deeply. I wonder if he can... smell me. I can kinda smell it. God, I'm so wet. If I'm not careful it's gonna leak through my panties....

I shifted again, my thighs grinding together with pleasure.

Ugh! I gotta stop moving around or everybody's gonna know.... But, I gotta... go. And it's getting really bad really fast. Maybe it's the stimulation...? I stole a quick, uncertain glance at my groin. If I'm not careful, it might come out.

I clenched my jaw.

Just a few more minutes and I'll go. Just... a few more minutes.

The prospect of pissing myself was enough to scare me into temporary stillness. I resisted the urge―with more or less success―for the next ten minutes, but soon after my hips and legs began to take on minds of their own. At first the movements were hardly noticeable, barely worth mentioning even by me, but the more I moved, the more I felt I had to move, and the only thing that could void me of that feeling was more, intense movements.

It wasn't long until I was back to utterly ignoring the conversation and pushing my pussy into the shaking washing machine, more and more of juices liberally leaking out into my underwear. Out of my peripheries, I detected a pair of eyes facing in my direction. I looked up and caught Alexander just as he looked away.

Crap, he keeps looking over here! Is he watching me? He can't know.... Can he? He can't know that I'm... playing with myself? My blush deepened. I gotta do a better job hiding this. But.... Ugh! It just feels so good!

I squirmed a bit more, this time a bit more subtlety and for a different reason.

...Doesn't help that my bladder is about to freakin' explode! If I stay still too long it's gonna come out and I'm gonna wet my pants, but the more turned on I get, the faster the urge grows.... I should just go. I should just get up and go right now. No more waiting. I need to go now.

But I didn't stand. I stayed there and pressed my lower bits even harder into the washing machine.

I can't believe it, but... I'm close to orgasm. Should I hold out...? God, it's gonna feel so good if I do, but.... What if I wet myself? If I orgasm with a bladder this full....

I grimaced. I might make a noise, too. From that kind of pressure... I'll... probably moan. And if the orgasm makes me pee my pants, that'll definitely make a noise.

I can see it so clearly in my head. I orgasm and the pleasure makes me release and I... start to pee in my pants. It floods my legs and splatters on to the floor, and everybody in the room, Markie, Sandy, Vikkie... Alex. They all turn to face me, wondering what that sound is, and they all see piss streaming down my feet and off the washing machine.

I can't.

I can't let that happen. I have to hold on.

I should go now, but I know the moment I go pee most of the pleasure is gonna go with it, and... ugh, I just want it so much!

Look at Alex. His muscles are so tight... his face is sculpted so perfectly. I wish he'd come over here and kiss me. I want him to tear this stupid shirt off and fuck me. Fuck me right here on this stupid washing machine. I want him SO, BAD.

I blushed from the intensity of my desire, from the sudden coarseness of my mental language, but I couldn't help myself. I'd wanted him for far too long.

Oh Alex.... An image of him went through my head. Of him on top of me, his red fur against my blond fur, the white fur of our bellies together. His tongue against mine, his hands on my breasts, my nipples pressing hard into his palm, his dick pressing against my thigh....

Drip.

I shuddered. D-Damn it.... Piss.... Gotta piss....

I grinded my hips into the washing machine as slowly and meticulously as I could. I knew it wouldn't take much more to finish, but I was really strapped for time.

The longer I waited, the harder the pee would be to hold, and I was already on the verge of an accident. Holding it with an orgasm, though? That would be nothing short of a miraculous feat of pure will.

Am I... really going to... do this?

Pleasure encroached up my lower body like a wildfire.

I might actually pee my pants.... I already leaked. My panties are already soaked from my juices. My pants might be wet too, just from my pussy juice. But I.... She looked at Alex again. I need to fuck you.

The pleasure continued to grow.

I need you to fuck me.

Every time I moved my hips the moisture in my panties rubbed against my pussy and butt.

I'm so wet.... Mmmm... don't make a sound. Don't pee. Don't make a sound... don't pee.... Don't... pee....!

My body tightened.

Oh god, oh god, it's coming, oh god, oh god, oh god, oh god...! I'm gonna... I'm gonna... I'm...! Mmmm!

My cheeks radiated heat and my throat tightened as I struggled to keep my voice from slipping through, and as I struggled to keep my pee from flowing out.

But it was too much.

Drip.... The first drop was a lightning bolt of shock, a sudden realization that urine had left me, that I'd actually peed. But it didn't surprise me. I'd peed more with less in my bladder during orgasms in the past.

Drip. Drip. Drip.... A subsequent series of drops, more like a broke up stream of urine, flowed out during the apex of my orgasm, making my cheeks glow even hotter. I swallowed, nervous, no control over what left me, intimidated by how much of it was coming out.

And then....

Shssr

I jolted away the urge to gasp, just barely.

I PISSED. I just pissed A LOT.

Warmth flooded my groin and flowed down toward my butt, extending even forward a bit onto my thighs. The pleasure of the orgasm slowly faded away, leaving me trying limit my heavy breathing to something I could hide, and essentially leaving me in a small puddle of piss with no escape plan.

I pissed my pants.

I felt a strong urge to press my pussy into the washing machine, to put any pressure against my crotch I could, because even after peeing enough to soak my pants, I still felt like I was going to explode; but I was tired now, and felt like I wanted nothing more than to distance myself from the vibrations that had brought me so much pleasure just a few moments ago.

There has to be a stain on my butt. I... I literally just wet myself, and... Alex is sitting right there. Everybody is sitting right across from me.... I'm such an idiot. What am I gonna do? If I get up to pee everybody is gonna see, but I can't hold it much longer.... And.... I'll have to get up eventually....

I bit my lip to fight the incoming tears. I'm so stupid.

I shifted a bit to help get into a more comfortable sitting position, one that would make it easier to hold the piss threatening to explode from my bladder.

And then I looked up. I caught Alex looking back at me. His eyes flashed to my legs and a subdued form of shock crossed his face.

No....

I snapped my legs shut as a wave of panic rushed through me.

He knows.... Alex... knows.

He's never going to want to be with someone disgusting and stupid like me....

I'm always going to be alone....

I flinched. No... I have to... pee....

“Alex?” Vik turned toward him. “Um, are you good?”

“...Yeah. Just... hot as fuck in here.”

Mark frowned. “Is it?” He put a hand out to gauge the temperature. “Doesn't feel all that hot.”

“Maybe it's a hot flash?” Alex said. “It kinda came out of nowhere.”

Sandy smiled wryly. “Maybe you're on your period...? That's usually when women get hot flashes.”

“Maybe,” He answered. “I've been craving pickle juice lately. Is that a period thing?”

Everybody laughed. I forced a meek smile.

“Anyway, you guys wanna go to the park?” Vik offered. “I'm tired of sitting around and it kinda looks like Alex'll die if we stay, so....”

“Yeah, sure, whatever.” Mark said getting to his feet. Sandy looked down at her phone and slowly got up.

Oh, thank GOD. I... don't know if I'll be able to make it out without anybody seeing, but... there's a chance now.

Alex, I love you so much....

Everybody got up except for Alex and I. I looked over at him and found him fiddling with things on the table, but not really doing anything. It seemed like he was trying to look busy, as if he were completing the preliminary steps in the oh-so arduous task of standing.

When he finally did get to his feet, most of them were already halfway out of the room. My eyes slid down his lanky body; something strange sticking out from his waist, at first visible in the my peripheries. I looked directly at it and my eyes widened.

There was a long shaft protruding from Alex's groin shaping the front of his shorts into a tee-pee.

Does he... have a boner? Impossible. How could he be anything but disgusted.... He saw my wet pants. He knows I pissed my pants.... He knows I'm a perv.

I swallowed.

Could it be that... he didn't? Maybe he didn't see the full extent of the wetness...? I mean, I haven't even seen how wet it is yet, maybe it's... not that bad. Maybe he saw a little spot and thought it was from the masturbating....

But then... he does know about that. But that's far less embarrassing, isn't it? I can live with that―especially if it gave Alexander a boner. I can more than live with that...!

Just as long as he doesn't know I had an accident.

Especially why I had the accident.... I blushed at my own childishness.

When he looked over at me and caught me staring, I looked away shyly. He moved toward the door a few moments later and cleverly turned the opposite direction of the others―all of whom had forgotten my existence entirely―and announced he was going to bathroom.

I smiled. Wow, you're so... smart.

Drip. Drip.

I breathed in sharply.

But... that might not be such a good thing.... If you're not quick in there, I'm gonna make a really big mess. Hurry....

The moment I heard the laundry room door close behind me―Alex was the one to do it, and I knew he did it for me, instead of despite of me―I shoved my hand between my legs and hopped onto my feet.

Pst

I leaned forward and grimaced. Warm liquid diffused through my panties and sent shivers down my spine. I felt the denim of my jeans get re-saturated, and I felt the moisture grow maybe a centimeter further down my thighs.

ALEX, YOU SERIOUSLY BETTER HURRY. I broke out in a hip swaying pee dance.

I turned around and examined the top of the washing machine for wetness. There a small patch of moisture, but no puddle. Standing had made me acutely aware of the fact my butt was wet, but it only felt like a small patch.

Maybe this is going to work out.... I thought, reluctantly, desperate for some hope.

I wiped the bit of moisture away and danced toward the laundry room door.

I'll just hide in my room and wait for Alex to finish in the toilet. When he leaves, I'll make a dash. That way if I.... can't hold it, nobody will see, and I can clean up in privacy.

I opened the laundry room door and stepped out into the hallway.

The moment my head turned, I saw Alex walking toward me.

How?! I screamed in my head, a single droplet of urine dibbling into the my underwear. He didn't have time to go yet.... Did he just turn right around?

Instinctively, my freehand flew to my groin to join the other one. The first hand pressed tightly against my womanhood to help keep the remaining pee securely inside my body. The other went to the front of the denim and widened to cover any renegade patches of moisture from his eyes.

I have to pee... so... bad.

“Hey,” He said, with a charming wave.

“H-Hi....” I answered with a shaky voice. I felt the muscles between my legs waver.

So close.... So close....

“I just wanted to see if, um, maybe you wanted to come to the park with us...?” His eyebrows went up in that cute way they did whenever he was asking a tentative question.

I shook my head. “U-Um, n-no thank you....”

My head sank from a mixture of shame, embarrassment, and the intense pressure forcing tiny droplets of pee out of me. The sight of his erection pressing into the fabric of his shorts greeted me, and I instinctively looked back up, toward his lean, defined stomach.

“Oh, uh, alright. Maybe next time then?”

I nodded.

“Uh, okay. Well have a good day. It was nice seeing you, Ana!”

“It was...” My body tightened and a chill traveled up my spine. “Nice seeing you too!” I bolted past him, hands still buried between my legs.

I'm pissing myself! Please do not see! Please do not see!

The stream started off slow, but I could immediately distinguish it from the earlier leakage. This wasn't going to stop. It didn't matter where I was; my bladder was emptying.

I didn't even chance a look back to see if he'd turned to watch me, turned to inevitably see the wet spot on my bottom. I just kept running, hot urine filling my panties, spreading around my crotch and beginning to run down my legs.

I could feel it on the sides of my knees by the time I got inside the bathroom and closed the door behind me. I rushed to the toilet, pissing furiously now, a loud hissing assaulting my ears.

Pssshhhhrrrr

No, no, no...!

I struggled with the button, but I couldn't get it undone in my panic. Piss trailed down my ankles and started to puddle on the bathroom rug. I sat down, jeans still on and pissed full force into my panties. I kicked the rug out of the way, to keep from soiling it any worse.

The urine pooled in my jeans and ran over the sides of the toilet and continued to overflow down my thighs and legs. I could hear most of it pouring like a torrent into the water below, but I knew there'd still be a decent sized mess to clean up.

I sighed deeply, relieved.

I peed my pants. And, I did it in front of Alex. But, I may have gotten away with this... all things considered.

Did he even know I pissed myself? Could he tell? ...Does he care?

I looked down at my pissed soaked jeans, the loud hissing noise finally beginning to fade away to the sound of water dribbling onto water.

I don't know. I'll... just have to see how he reacts next time he comes over. He didn't seem particularly disgusted.... Maybe he just thought I was wet.

Either way, I smiled. I gave him a boner.

I bit my lip as pleasure radiated up from my wet, still dribbling pussy.

...And...Alexander has a really long dick....

If you enjoyed this, please leave a comment! And if you'd like to read more, click the links above and buy a copy, or you can view the first chapter of the non-omorashi version of this story (told from the perspective of Alexander!) here: https://inkbunny.net/s/1550569

Or https://www.furaffinity.net/view/26561957/

