Bursting Bryony

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-11-26 14:38

Bryony Higgins had so much whizzing through her mind. She’d spent the last three hours in a meeting sipping coffee throughout and listening intently to the financial difficulties and impending liquidation ahead if things didn’t improve soon in her company. She’d driven the two hours to HQ early morning to avoid traffic and enjoyed catching up with fellow area managers though she was well aware of the serious issues the company faced. Each of them left at midday with urgent bullet points of immediate improvement drilled into them.

Bryony knew her job and the fate of hundreds of employees party rested on her ability to implement these action points with no time to spare. Gone were the days of elaborate work lunches and expensive coffees. Today had been basic tea and coffee and jugs of water and a rudimentary paper plate of cheap biscuits. Still Bryony had at least had plenty to drink and a couple of biscuits too. She pulled into the burger van in the industrial estate and picked up a hot roll and a can of cola and took ten minutes to eat and drink, reading over the briefing she had been issued with again.

It was a sober call to action and even though the inevitable might still happen anyway Bryony was determined and motivated to do everything she could to have her area out perform even the best and most optimistic expectations. She made a few calls to some of the shops she oversaw and was even more concerned when two didn’t even bother answering. What if she had been a customer? Things needed to change right away and she brushed the crumbs from her straight black fitted dress and off her nylon tights and started her engine.

The nearest shop in her area was just over an hour away. They were first on her hit list. She had to get every single shop to perform to their best and that started this afternoon.

Traffic was as expected but what Bryony hadn’t expected was her body to start feeling increasingly uncomfortable as she drove. A familiar tingling between her legs made her cast her mind back to her day so far. When had she last used the ladies? Had she really not gone prior to leaving HQ? She always did as a matter of course but she had no recollection of doing so today. Grrr. This wasn’t in her plan. She had way too much she had to deal with and she wanted to get to the store in time to talk to all the staff and get things improved before closing. Tomorrow she had three other shops in her area to visit so it was imperative she reached and sorted this one today.

She was in the right hand lane as she passed a sign for services, only one of which was on her route as motorways merged and spread ahead. It was in just one mile but a combination of heavy traffic to negotiate through and the time implications of pulling over, parking and using the bathroom all combined to persuade Bryony to keep on driving. She could use the bathroom at the shop on arrival anyway and she was just half an hour away now. She bit her lip and carried on.

Bryony couldn’t help but talk to herself a little as she approached the town centre finally. ‘Oh I should have peed before I left. Come on lights!’ Her dress seemed suddenly much tighter, her lower stomach pushing out making her look a little pregnant. ‘Too much cola and coffee’ Bryony moaned as she rubbed her bladder at yet another set of traffic lights. She tapped her foot and fidgeted in her seat. ‘Oh come on. I’m bursting for the toilet!’

She pulled in finally into the small staff car park, flustered with her need to pee and an annoyance at how badly the staff had parked their cars. ‘Abandoned more like’ she said to herself as she opened the drivers door and stood up for the first time in an hour and a half. Gravity seemed to push the entire contents of her bladder towards her urethra which tingled constantly. She crossed her legs and shuffled uncomfortably from one foot to another on her high heeled shoes before pressing to lock her car and putting her hand bag on her arm.

Staff clearly were not expecting her unannounced visit as Bryony could quickly tell. The shop was steady but the shelves had gaps, the music was too loud, the posters looked tired and the queues...adrenaline swept through Bryony as she walked in aghast at her first impressions. She hardly had her foot over the threshold when a customer approached her. She so longed to go to the bathroom first but negotiating even through the store in this state wasn’t going to be easy and she dreaded to think what state the storeroom and bathroom might be like! She pushed her thighs together and bent forward as the customer, clearly seeing the company badge on her dress, asked her for guidance. Every sale mattered, now more than ever so Bryony took the customer to find what she wanted, negotiating through a long slow queue of customers in the process.

Once sorted Bryony walked up to the checkouts and demanded to know what was going on.

‘Ann, what’s happening? We need this sorted now! Get staff on the tills now. Then when that calms I need stock out, this shop tidied and for goodness sake turn down that music so you can hear me!’

‘ But we’re all on the tills. Wayne’s sick and there’s only myself and Mike in. It’s been manic today.’

Bryony pushed through the crowds to get behind the checkout, pushing her handbag under the counter while simultaneously logging into the first free till to clear the queue, all the time her legs moving and dancing as her body tried keeping the huge torrent of excess liquid inside her. From the customer side she looked efficient, professional and smart yet behind the till Bryony was so bursting now she couldn’t stand still. She bounced her knees, rubbed one leg on the other up and down, bend a little and accidentally stood on Mike’s toes!

Mike looked at her though nothing was said. Ten minutes later the queue was slowly easing but Bryony’s need was increasing by the second. She was serving a customer when a strong urge came and her hand grabbed at her dress. She wasn’t so much moving subtly now it was more of a full on obvious bursting dance. Bryony was about to burst!

She handed the receipt to the customer and grabbing her handbag she shuffled out of the till area before the inevitable happened. She threw her bag over her shoulder and headed to the back of the shop and into the store area as urgently as her clicking high heels would let her. Her heart raced, sweat forming on her face and her body pushing strongly against her, she grabbed between her legs, now out of sight from customers, and ran down stairs to the small staff toilet and kitchenette.

Bryony couldn’t recall ever feeling this bursting ever before. Her underwear was damp as she felt leaks trickling out even as she pulled her dress up at both sides and tugged at her tights and knickers. Her bottom only vaguely over the filthy loo , her clothes only millimetres away and the gush began. Bryony gasped. Then she sighed. Then she laughed.

Her day began because her company had an emergency and here she was having an emergency of her own. The company had a lot of work ahead and Bryony vowed to work on her bladder every bit as much. She had come close to her own liquidation and only just avoided it now she planned to achieve the same with her work. She had too much to do to risk getting this bursting again and tomorrow she promised herself she would hold on all day.

