Good odds of rain in Vegas

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-06-20 19:33

Good odds of rain in Vegas

Prelude

When John had first laid eyes on Amber that warm night in freshers fair, he had thought he had found the one. She was beautiful, with shoulder length black hair that was blowing gently in the breeze as she stood drinking at the Canal bar, her smooth Alabaster skin almost glowing in the moonlight while her green eyes sparkled as she laughed at one of her friends jokes. John had seen her as soon as he had gotten to the outdoor seating area, but it took him almost an hour to pluck up the courage to speak to her, watching nervously from a table nearby.

But now as they stood waiting for a cab outside a nightclub with his shirt drenched as heavy rain fell around them, he was starting wonder why he had ever gotten up. They had only been together 6 months, but this wasn’t their first argument on this topic.

“You are always doubting me”

“There is a difference between asking if someone has to pee and doubting them as a person Amber”

“Yeah, well there is not in my book” She said sternly, still holding Johns coat above her head. Another thing he was regretting right now.

“So in your book someone asking if you need to pee is an insult.” He shot back more aggressively than he meant. But he hadn’t even wanted to come out tonight, this was her idea and now as he stood getting soaked, he wasn’t best pleased with how the night had gone.

“Don’t take that tone with me and Yes it is the same”

There was an audible pause, the tension sitting between them unbearable.

“ and I’ve had enough, I think…..I think we are over John.”

“Wait what? Your dumping me because of this.”

“Yes”

“Because I asked if you needed to pee” He said incredulously.

“No because you asked me twice, you asked me if I was sure I didn’t need to visit the bathroom. That’s not only doubting my bladder but doubting me to know what my limits are, which I can assure you are far bigger than anyone else you have ever met!” She said, pouting slightly. If she hadn’t been holding his coat up to shield her John was sure she would have crossed her arms with that statement.

“So that’s it?” He said, his head swirling with emotions. She was being crazy…wasn’t she? Or had he done something wrong?

“Yes we are over John.” She said turning her head quickly and walking away, leaving a stunned and bemused John standing alone outside the nightclub.

1 week later.

“Isn’t it going to be a bit awkward, with you know who?” A short brunette in slightly gothic attire asked the group of them, now sitting around a table at the university coffee shop. Her dark blue shirt matched with dark black trousers and a black fishnet top that layered on top of her shirt.

“She’s not Voldemort Suzie, but yeah it is going to be...interesting” John said, unsure of how he would manage, being forced to be with your ex for a week was not how he had planned to spend his time.

“That’s why you should never date anyone on the same course as you” came the helpful advice of their friend Roger who was currently sitting on the table chewing some sort of toffee stick.

“Yeah, and eating a foot of toffee at 7.30 in the morning is how you get Diabetes” Suzie shot back,

“Breakfast of champions!” Roger replied, stretching his arms out.

“But seriously, you going to be ok?” Suzie asked John.

“Yeah, I mean it might be a bit awkward, but we wont be together all the time. We all have our own rooms and we can do different activities on the course, so it should be fine…..right?.” He said, trying to muster a convincing smile. The look in both his friends faces told him he hadn’t.

Although Rogers eyes now looked like he had seen a ghost.

“What up?.”

“I hear you have been making fun of my bladder to everyone”.

Shit, he knew that voice, it was Amber. Even without knowing her voice she was the only person he knew to get this upset about a bodily function.

“I…um, I mean we are not together anymore and people wanted to know what happened….so I told them. What was I supposed to do?”. John stammered slightly awkwardly.

“Not make fun of my bladder!” Amber said, pointing a finger at him.

“Which is way stronger than yours, I still remember that desperate dash to the toilet after you made me watch that avenger’s film.”

“I wasn’t making fun of your bladder, I was just saying how ridiculous you were being about taking everything as an insult when all I did was ask you if you needed to visit the ladies room.”

“Again John, it wasn’t that, it was that you didn’t trust me to know whats best for me. If you doubt my bladder you doubt me as a person, its part of me after all.”

“I…..”

“You should never have doubted my bladder”

“I….”

“Ill show you, and your friends here” she said, her finger moving between Suzie and Roger who simply smacked his lips around the last of his breakfast in response.

“Show me what Amber?” Roger replied uninterested.

“I’ll show you that you should never have doubted my bladder!” Her finger now firmly back between john’s eyes.

“Amber, I didn’t dou….”

“No, its too late to apologise”

“Well, I wasn’t going too I was just…”

“You don’t have to say it, I’m going to prove you wrong. You will see.”

“I…uh forget it. You know what, you want too hurt yourself trying to prove something to us go right ahead.”

“I’m not going to hurt myself, I can handle anything and everything my bladder needs too. You’ll see.” She hissed at him, her nostrils flaring madly as if he had insulted her in the worst way possible. John had never seen that side of her before, it was frankly kind of scary.

“You’ll see!” She shouted again, walking off.

A few moments of awkward silence fell on the group of friends, still in disbelief of what they had just been affronted by. How could someone get so angry about peeing.

“You guys ever notice that one long hair in her left nostril before?” Roger broke the awkwardness, causing the others to burst out laughing.

“No…I cant say I ever noticed that part” John responded, reaching for his coffee.

“Even when you were naked, doing the nasty?” Roger asked, raising an eyebrow and gyrating his hips slightly.

“Ummm no, I kind of had other things to look at that were more interesting than her nose”

“Ewww, too much info guys” Suzie said, shaking her head and trying to get the image of her friend and Amber nakedly intwined out of it.

“Ahhhh, You mean like her bladder” Roger responded, scrunching up the toffee’s wrapper and tossing it like a basketball into the nearby rubbish bin.

“Yeah, like her bladder” John laughed.

Despite the sight of Amber bringing up old feelings, John was glad these two were with him, he couldn’t have asked for better friends. “Oh shit, the bus leaves in like 15 minutes, we need to meet Professor Gallagher by the Geology lab.” Roger said, flicking his sunglasses down over his eyes.

After helping the professor load the piles of equipment into the bus, the trio climbed aboard. Walking up the isle John couldn’t help but make eye contact with Amber again, she was sat right in the middle of the back row. It was kind of hard for him to not have seen her, or maybe that was the point. As he stood paralysed with mixed emotions again she met his eyes, picking up the large bottle of water she had in her hands and putting it to her lips. Without missing a beat she started to chug the entire large bottle In front of him, why was she doing this? He thought.

An elbow to his ribs from Suzie forcefully pushed him out of his trance and into a seat while she took the other, slinging her bag onto John for him to hold. In front of them Roger Knelt on the seats and looked back over the seats at them.

“Vegas Baby!” he said excitedly tapping the tops of the seats with his two hands.

“Mr Naughton, this is an essential education trip that forms a key part of your degree, not some sort of drunk Jolly trip.”

“Yes professor” he replied.

But as soon as the professor had turned around, he couldn’t help but silent mime shouting “Vegas baby” while shooting finger guns into the air.

31 hours, 3 time zones and a lot of random films later John found himself being jostled awake.

“Excuse me sir, we are going for landing” Came a soothing female voice

“5 more minutes” he mumbled, the travel having fried his mind and no longer being aware of where he was.

“He dick head, the nice lady needs you to wake up” A less than soothing voice called out next him.

“Ughhh, sorry.” John said groggily to the air hostess that now looked a little embarrassed by Rogers outburst. Wiping the drool from his face, he looked over to see Roger happily scanning through the in flight magazine.

“What got you so happy? Other than getting the chance to shout at me”

“Im home”

“Your from London mate, you are about as far from home as possible”

“More than 100 hundred casino’s, 46 strip clubs, miles of beaches with beautiful women in Bikini's” Roger said a wide smile across his face and ignoring Johns point entirely.

“And you will get to see none of it”

“Wrong, we are only about an hour from and there is a taxi number right here, plus 111 bars, 47 nightclubs and 9 shooting ranges” He said turning the page he was reading so John could see.

“Hopefully not in that order” John replied, rubbing his eyes.

A short while later a soft bump signalled they had arrived and they quickly joined the crush of passengers disembarking. Making their way through the security the pair of them waited by the luggage carousel for their bags.

“Whats up rubes”

“Hey Suzie, how was life in row Z?”

“Pretty uneventful but you wont believe…” she paused for a moment, looking around to see if it was safe.

“Okay, So I was opposite Amber and a few of her friends and I woke up one time when they were talking…. and it turns out that Amber really meant what she said about her bladder”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean she was claiming or more like boasting to her friends that her bladder is able to withstand anything and she hasn’t gone to the toilet since before we left.”

“You cant be serious, no one can go 24 hours without peeing Suzie” Roger said, clearly not believing the story.

“Yeah im sure you dreamt it” John added, although knowing what Amber was like, he was sure it was more than plausible she would attempt something like this.

“No, because I haven’t slept since and…” She paused for a moment to pinch Roger hard on the arm.

“OW!”

“Not dreaming, so yeah she said that the last time she peed was before bed last night….or 2 nights ago….no last night. Either way, She hasn’t gone in like 40 hours! and what makes it even madder is she doesn’t even look desperate yet!”

“Ok, so what does this have to do with us?”

“Oh come on…I’ll show you” she said wagging her finger exaggeratedly and putting on a funny voice.

“It was Amber, not a pirate. But you can’t be seriously thinking she is not peeing to prove a point to us?”

“I mean why else not pee?”

“I suppose, how long do you recon she can last?”

“I don’t know, but I didn’t think anyone could go 40 hours. ooh, there’s my bag” She said completely distracted as she pushed her way to the front the Que.

“Im sure you are supposed to pinch yourself…” Roger said quietly, rubbing his arm and following Suzie as the three of them grabbed their bags.

Outside they regrouped with the others from their course, boarding a large coach that was waiting for them. Choosing seats near the front they managed to avoid a repeat of the first bus.

“Can I have your attention please” The professor said at the front of the bus.

“So we are driving straight to the worksite and won’t be returning to our accommodation until later this evening. So, if any of you would like to use a fully plumed in toilet before then this is your last chance. The drive there is only a couple of hours and then we will get to work collecting soil and rock samples using the same methodology we did last term. I expect us to be back at our hotel by about 7pm for a late dinner and then I will brief you with the rest of the weeks work. Finally, its going to be hot the next few days so please remember to drink plenty when we are out in the field, I don’t want anyone getting heat stroke”

A few people scurried back off the coach and back into the arrivals, taking their last chance to pee in something other than a bush for the next 6 hours.

Now sitting around a large table, the trio of friends passed their time playing cards as Roger taught them the ropes of poker. Looking up the bus John couldn’t help but see Amber a few rows up but in the isle seat. He watched as she brought another large bottle of water to her lips and began to drink, as she drained the remaining liquid he noticed her shift slightly in her seat. Could Suzie be really be right about her not peeing in almost 2 days? He knew she was prideful about it and would regularly skip her morning pee, but 40 hours, it was ridiculous.

“Yahtzee!” Suzie shouted, throwing her hand of cards to the table.

“Wrong game!” Roger said getting more annoyed at loosing than her antics. It seemed she was a natural…or lied about not knowing how to play. Either way the prize pool of snacks was quickly swept onto her side of the table.

“Anyone got change for a snickers?” John joked, although part of his mind was still thinking about Amber. How far was she willing to go to prove something to them?

Arriving in the early afternoon the group dismounted the bus and helped get all the equipment off.

“Ok guys” Professor Gallagher said, clapping his hands together.

“So this morning is simply about your group projects that you started a couple of weeks ago. We are here to collect a number of rock and soil samples that we will analyse tomorrow for mineral composition. Each of you has 12 core samples to gather, try not to get them all from the same sedimentary base. Also there are trays to put your rock samples in and pens to mark which ones are yours. Please remember to do that!, otherwise I cannot guarantee you will get your own one back. But other than that, you have 5 hours so let go rock and roll. He said, the professors expression showed he was clearly happy with that pun, even though most of the class either groaned or stayed silent.

Grabbing their things, the three of them checked out the nearby trail map and headed north towards an area of forest. The sampling technique was quite easy as they took it in turns to use the small shovel and kit to collect their samples. Despite the trees for cover they could all feel the sun beating down on them.

“Ok I need a breather” Roger said, standing up and flexing his back.

“Yeah and I need to pee” Suzie said, finishing off another bottle of water. They had all gone through several in the few hours they had been there and john could also feel a heavy weight in his bladder.

“Yeah I need one too” John added.

“Well, you are not coming with me. You go that way and I’ll go this way” Suzie said pointing up the hill slightly

“And I’ll stay right here” Roger said, tipping his hat over his face as he reclined under one of the trees.

A couple of minutes later they returned to find him snoring loudly. Something that was quickly stopped by a kick of Suzie’s boot.

“OW, can you stop hitting me”

“Look its getting late, we should probably head back towards the bus. I still have a couple of samples to get but we can do those down there.” She added.

“Yeah sounds like a good idea.”

Standing the group slowly walked down the hill, stopping a couple of times to take their final core samples before arriving at the bus a few minutes early. Again, the professor stood up in the centre, using the steps on the bus for better elevation. “Ok guys, I hope you have all of your core samples for tomorrow. Make sure you keep them on you and look after them. Your results from tomorrow will go towards your final grade for this module.”

Putting the sampling tools back into the bus storage John couldn’t help but pick Amber's voice out of the crowd again.

“Come on June, we are going to be late. You should have gone earlier, cant you hold it even for an hour”

“I did go earlier at the airport, but we drank so much water because of the heat I really have to go again.”

“Really, you should try to have more control June. I haven’t gone in like two days and you don’t see me whining like a baby”

“I…you’re right, its not that bad…. I can hold it” her friend said, although her crossed legs suggested it was actually that bad.

But that wasn’t the part that had gotten Johns attention. So it was true, she was holding her pee!

Taking their seats again he watched as Amber reached to put her bag into the space above her seat. As her shirt rose with her arms it exposed her stomach, a clear and relatively large bulge was already present. Despite it she quickly sat down with her legs calmly side by side, how was she still so composed. She must have been so full, John was sure if he was in her place he would have been absolutely dying.

Opening her bag she rummaged through it, taking out 3 empty bottles of water and he could see the tops of others still in her bag.

“Hey June, do you have any more water Im out?”

“Yeah I do, just don’t make me watch you drink it.” She said handing over a large litre bottle of water.

“Thanks, you sure you don’t want any”

“Yes!...” her legs starting to bob on the spot. “oh god this was a mistake, do you think they will still let me out to pee” June asked nervously. But as soon as she did, the doors closed and the bus began to move.

Pulling out the cards again, Roger wasn’t done and wanted a rematch with Suzie.

An hour later another pile of winnings sat in front of Suzie, much to the annoyance of Roger.

“How can someone be so lucky!” he said throwing his loosing pair on the table.

“Are we done?” Suzie asked

“Yeah”

“Ok then, I’ll let you in on a little secret”

“What, are you cheating?”

“Not exactly….I can see your cards reflected off your sunglasses”

“What!” Roger almost shouted, taking off his glasses and inspecting them.

“You cheated!”

“No, you’re an idiot and he cant keep his eyes of Amber for more than 5 minutes” She said nodding her head in the direction of John.

It was true, as much as he tried not too he couldn't help it. He was stuck, he still had some feelings for her despite how it had ended. But the way it ended also meant he would happily see her taken down a peg on her bladder righteousness, but if she was doing this to prove something to him he couldn’t help but feel a bit guilty. Although now, it wasn’t her need to pee that was distracting him.

Across the aisle he could see June’s feet rapidly dancing on the floor of the bus, her legs moving constantly as she danced in her desperation. Every time they had hit a bump in the last 10 minutes a squeak or squeal escaped her, resulting in a displeased look from Amber. If this was how she treated her friends that need to pee maybe he shouldn’t feel bad after all.

“Im sorry I cant hold it Amber” June whimpered

“Yes you can, you’re a grown woman”

“Im so full, its starting to really hurt now”

“You’re a gown woman, your bladder can stretch, your fine”

“Im going to wet myself, we drank so much water, Please you have to help me Amber”

“You are fine June”

“Please you have to let me up so I can ask them to stop”

“You are fine, control yourself”

“Please” June begged

“Are you a child or a grown woman” Amber shot back harshly.

“I….”

“We are only like 10 minutes away now, surely you can last that long”

“Pleeease Amber”

“No, im going to help you realise you are capable of holding it. You cant let you bladder run your life”

Another whimper escaped June, just audible over the sound of the bus. But with that final comment from Amber she clearly decided not to fight her, instead June began to rock in her seat, her hands pressed tightly into her crotch.

Somehow, she remained dry as the bus pulled into their hotel 15 minutes later. While he couldn’t see most of June’s desperate actions, going off Ambers increasingly annoyed looking face they were likely only getting worse. But somehow she had made it.

“There you go, you made it” Amber said slightly condescendingly as the engine of the bus shut off.

“If I get up im seriously going to wet myself, I’ve never been this desperate Amber”

“You are fine, come on lets grab out stuff and you can go pee”

“Oh god” June whimpered again

Slowly standing the pair of them followed by John and his friends walked off the bus. With June taking such small steps it took a while, with some people wondering what was going on.

“Oh no….” A loud groan came from In front of John and then suddenly the line of people were moving quicker. Looking out of the large windows he could see June desperately sprinting towards the entrance of the hotel. A dark streak obvious on her skin-tight light green leggings, she hadn’t made it.

Murmurs and a few jokes about June passed through the group and soon everyone knew what had happened. A few minutes later as she re-emerged red faced from the hotel, her leggings were completely drenched as she quickly grabbed her bag and went to change.

Soon a dinner of fried chicken and chips was served, a nice hearty meal to make up for the plastic like food they had eaten on the plane. Endless streams of sugary soda was also served, with people enjoying the cool drinks after a day in the field. Everyone was also clearly enjoying the sweeter American Soda, taking multiple refills and trying to have a bit of each of the dozen soda varieties on offer.

Walking up for a refill john noticed June staring intently as the dispenser, her large empty cup passing between her two hands.

“Hey June, its hard to pick right?”

“I…uh yeah sorry. Totally zoned out there”

“Go anywhere fun?” he joked

“Umm…no” her face blushed deeply. “I…uhhh, I was thinking about earlier”

“Oh, yeah sorry about that. But don’t take any notice of anyone, it can happen to us all.”

“Yeah except Amber” she said staring at the floor for a second.

“I uhhhh”

“Oh sorry, I didn’t mean to bring her up” she said apologetically. “I forgot you were a think and then…oh wait sorry I didn’t mean to bring that up either…..Im just going to stop talking now.”

“Its alright, Its not your fault, I guess things were just not meant to be” he said, sliding his cup under the machine and watching the sprite fall into his cup.

“Well, see you round.” He said leaving her still at the machine. June’s face was now bright red, making him feel kind of bad leaving like that but he really didn’t want to talk about it right now. Stopping for a moment he leaned back, “The cherry Coke is good if you are still wondering which one to go for”

“Thanks”

Walking back to the table he joined his friends. Had he been to confrontational, he looked back towards June wondering if he should go apologise, or was it all in his head. It wasn’t her fault she was friends with Amber. But before he could make up his mind she walked to where Amber was sitting, and he wasn’t going to go over now. But curiously he watched as she seemed to offer Amber the drink, it looked like she was giving a peace offering or something. But surely it should have been the other way around, it was Amber that had made her wet herself after all. But it seemed she had graciously accepted the drink and any animosity had been lost.

“So whats the plan for tonight?” Roger asked through a mouthful of chips, or fries considering where they were.

“Im kind of jet lagged, Im probably going to call it a night after this.”

“Lame, come on we are in Vegas!” Roger said.

“No, im with John, plus tomorrow is kind of important for our grade.”

“Double lame, but yeah ok ill take the hint. But tomorrow we are going out”

“Yeah sure, we can do tomorrow” They all agreed.

Despite sleeping on the plane the hours of travel and the half a day in the sun had actually tired John out, although it was strange how much that comment of June had hit him. It seemed to have sapped all his energy, but at least that meant sleep came easily to him.

The next morning the students woke to possibly the largest breakfast any of them had ever seen. Piles of meat, bread, fruit and anything you could possibly want to drink was laid on the tables in the food hall.

“Wow, this looks amazing.” Roger said entering the hall.

“Ok guys, if I can have your attention please” The professor said, interrupting his reverie.

“So today is largely up to you guys, you have your samples from yesterday and the conference room next door has been outfitted with our analysis equipment. You should have all brought your laptops as well, for anything you may want to use them for. But your results must be submitted to me by 6pm today. You have 8 hours to complete this practical and remember it accounts for 40% of your final grade. As usual you will be working in 2’s and 3’s, make sure to write all contributors on your work before submitting it.”

“Finally, good luck!, and the refreshments will be resupplied through the day, so feel free to eat and drink as much as you want, but remember you are here to do work and not just have fun!”

Going through into the conference room John, Suzie and Roger picked out a table near the door to work on.

“Right so, how do you want to do this. Should we all work together on each bit or do a bit each?” John asked.

“Well, the pH analysis is simple but takes a while, then Nitrate’s is quick but you have to keep an eye on it the entire time. Nutrient and organic make up would probably need at least two of us right?” Suzie responded.

“Yeah, I mean that’s all true…but that didn’t sound like a decision.” Roger said sarcastically, causing her to hit him on the arm.

“Why don’t I set up the pH stuff now and we can leave that going through the day. You guys get the stuff prepped for Nutrient and organic analysis and once the pH is stable I can come join you guys and help with what you need.” John suggested

“Cool, then we can leave the Nitrate stuff for last. If we get towards the end and someone’s not doing something they can always do it while we finish up the others.”

“Sounds like a plan” Roger said, satisfied with the now filled out plan.

“Cool let’s….well this is going to be awkward” Suzie said, her eyes looking towards the door in.

During the five minutes they had been there, the room had filled up quickly. Now the only space free was the one opposite them and walking towards them was Amber and June.

“I can not believe this is the only space left” Amber added.

“Yeah we don’t much like it either” Suzie shot back.

“Look, lets just keep it professional and do our own work.” John suggested, trying to keep the peace between his friends and Ex, maybe this day wasn’t going to be so simple after all.

“I think that’s probably for the best” Amber agreed. “Should we start with the Nitrate to get it out of the way?” she said turning to June.

“Can do, should be fairly quick”

“Right, I’ll go grab the stuff, be right back” Amber said

“Ok, I’ll go grab us some coffee.” June added, before they both left the table again.

“This is going to be a long day” Roger said once they were out of earshot.

The first test went well, it would take a couple of hours before the solution chemically stabilised and they could determine the acidity of the soil. Give its presence near limestone it was probably Alkaline, but knowing the answers wasn’t the point of this. Suzie and Roger had made good progress with the organic analysis, getting all the mixtures ready for testing. While with a slight tweak they had also streamlined the process for working out the nutrient levels as well. The two tests were similar in a lot of ways, so by colour coordinating their beakers with little coloured sticky notes they had almost prepared enough samples for both tests.

“Perfect, so green is nutrient and blue is organic.” Suzie said, happy with her handy work.

“If both of you guys start the next step, I’ll keep making these mixtures so we can keep a train of samples running through them.” It was nice to see how confident Suzie was, she was a natural leader and John was sure things would not be going nearly as smoothly if it was just him and Roger. Although to be fair the colour system had been Rogers idea.

Across from them was another leader, or possibly more of a task master. Amber was dictating every little detail while June worked with a fast pace and almost as soon as Amber wanted something she had already prepared it. They made a good team, with one giving the orders and the other filling them. It seemed they were on the final stages of the nitrate analysis and Amber was really pouring it on. Watching for a moment he noticed June reaching for the vial she had just finished making a moment ago, but being preoccupied with the last task she had been given her hand went past it and grabbed the wrong flask.

Should he do something, they weren’t supposed to help other groups. If it had been anyone else John knew he would surely had said something. But at the same time and knowing Amber she would probably pretend its what she meant to do even at the expense of her grade.

*Ahem, John cleared his throat a couple of times, trying to play it off as a cough.

Luckily Amber didn’t seem to care and didn’t even look up, even more luckily June had done.

Coughing again he nodded slightly at the vial and then used his eyes to point at the other flask still on the table. June looked down, her eyes going wide as she realised the almost fatal mistake she had made. Looking back at John she nodded in thanks before picking up the right flask.

“Can you not cough so loudly its distracting and frankly a bit gross, and where is the next nitrate solution June?”

“Sorry, its right here” June said handing her the flask.

“Thank you. I think we have a few minutes before the next sample.”

“Perfect, I’ll go grab us a drink.” June said before quickly disappearing back into the dining hall.

She returned a couple of minutes later with a large bottle of water, a large coffee and a slightly smaller one.

“I thought we should make the most of the free coffee, and I brought some water in case you start feeling dehydrated or anything.”

“Thank you that’s very kind” Amber said grabbing the coffee and beginning to sip it.

This scene played out a number of times throughout the day of work. While John and the others shared the work equally and helped where needed, Amber kept working on the analysis while June kept her supplied with ingredients and a string of large drinks. To be fair the room had gotten exceedingly warm over the last few hours, but Amber was still the only one that hadn’t left to visit the toilet. Not that John had noticed June leave either, but he was sure she was likely to be taking those trips at the same time when getting her friend yet another drink. She was playing her role as Amber's little helper well, keeping her stocked on anything and everything she needed.

Despite her confidence John had started to notice the subtle signs that Amber was starting to feel her bladder fill. Her legs had gotten progressively closer together over the last hour and now occasionally she would pause what she was doing and close her eyes for a moment. Although that could have just been her thinking or resting her eyes after concentrating so much. It was hard to tell.

“Do you want to start the nitrate test John?” Suzie asked. “Im on the last sample of this”

“Yeah sure, what time is it?”

“About quarter to 5”

“Perfect, shouldn’t take an hour to do this” He said grabbing the small chemical sachet from the supplies they had gathered earlier and dumping it into a nearby conical flask.

40 minutes later the final sample was reduced and placed onto the paper for testing. Dipping it in the litmus solution, the electronic probe was turned on and a reading showing a pH of 8, confirming their earlier prediction of an alkaline soil.

“Nice, looks like we are done. Just finish writing up the last few bits” He said proudly

“Awesome, and with more than half an hour to spare.” Suzie said happily. She had been stressing slightly about this but thankfully everything seemed to have gone smoothly, despite their table partners. Although looking across it seemed they too were finishing up.

Cross checking their work and double checking all the numbers made sense, the trio who handed their papers in to the waiting professor.

“So food then town?” Roger said, determined to make it into Vegas at least once this trip.

“Yeah Im starving, we never really did have lunch did we?” John added, now aware of the ache in his stomach.

“No we didn’t, should we see what is left in the food hall since it free after all.”

“Yeah sounds good.” They agreed.

Walking into the room it seemed the refilling wasn’t a lie. Despite the constant trips from the three dozen students the hall was still full of foods of all types. Grabbing a plate they started to pile the food onto them, breads, meats and cheeses of all types. Sitting at a free table and starting to fill their faces they noticed a familiar pairing walked in.

“Can’t go anywhere without them” Suzie said, pointing with her sandwich.

“Is that her bladder?” Roger asked

Looking closer John could see what he meant, there was a clear bulge pushing out of her short t-shirt and above the waistline of her jeans. A bulge that wasn’t there before the trip, even the small one he had seen on the bus had nothing on what she was currently sporting. The fact they had noticed it from 20 meters away was a sure sign of that.

“Holy shit, how much did she drink” Roger whispered.

“I don’t know, she did drink a lot through the day” John replied

“She might regret that if she wants the keep her insane bladder pride thing going.”

“Yeah well, its none of our business” Suzie added, taking another bite out of her sandwich.

That was true, but john still felt slightly responsible for the immense discomfort she must surely be feeling right now. He could see she was struggling to walk normally, her thighs pressing tightly together as she did and her face slightly flushed. But despite that she still accepted a large glass of water from June who still seemed to be playing the doting friend.

Second and third plates were filled and finished off as they ate their fill. The full day with little to no food clearly increasing their appetite. Walking up for a glass of water john spotted June doing the same.

“Hey, I wanted to say sorry for yesterday. I didn’t mean to come across…I don’t know cold?” John said, “I was just a bit tired.”

“Oh hi, no its me that should be apologising and also thanking you for your help earlier. I cant believe how close I came to messing it all up.”

“No problem, im sure you would have done the same.”

“Thank you and don’t worry about it... Anyway I better get back, thank you again, I owe you.” She said walking away with her two glasses of water.

“you two seem to be hitting it off” Suzie joked as John got back to them, “Moving on quickly, although not very far”

“Shut up, I was just saying sorry to her. I wasn’t the most friendly person to her yesterday. Think her friendship with Amber got the better of me for a bit after the travelling.”

“Ah ok, well you cant be blamed for that” Roger chimed in. “So when are we heading to town? Its almost 7”

“Well, I am going to finish this off and then get some desert” Suzie responded.

“Now that’s a plan I can get behind” John agreed.

Polishing off the last of his desert John looked up to see Amber walking towards the drinks table. She had to pause for a moment before regaining her composure and carrying on. He couldn’t tell if it was just his imagination but somehow the bulge looked even bigger now. But she still seemed content on not peeing even walking over to the drinks table and pouring herself a large glass of soda. Her face was now looking slightly pale, other than her cheeks that seemed to be getting increasingly red. With a hand resting on her stomach amber was clearly suffering from something and his guess was that it was her now massively distended bladder. She almost shuddered where she was stood as she finished chugging back the drink, why was she doing this. Was it still his fault, how far was she planning on going, well John couldn’t take it anymore.

Standing up he grabbed his cup and started walking towards her.

Putting it under the dispense he gave her a once over, the discomfort was written across her whole body. He should say something, maybe he could convince her to give in before she did herself some real damage.

“Hey, are you doing ok. You look a little…stressed.”

Amber's face was clearly surprised he had initiated a conversation with her.

“Im…im fine John.” An awkward silence fell between the two of them.

“Mind if I get in there” Roger said, ignorant of ignoring the tension between them as he stuck his cup between the two of their bodies and under the dispenser. The hum of the machine and sloshing liquid only amplifying the awkwardness of the situation.

“I know about you trying not to pee” John couldn’t help but blurt out, his mind unable to come up with a way of seg-waying into it.

“Are you spying on me and im not trying, im not peeing!” She said angrily crossing her arms.

“Look, I overheard you talking to June on the bus yesterday and I just don’t want you to hurt yourself trying to prove something to me”

“Im not trying to prove anything, im showing that as an adult I can choose if and when I pee”

“Amber, everyone has to pee sometime, you can’t just keep it in for the rest of your life.”

“Well no, but I can keep it in until I want to go”

“Why, you clearly need to pee, why not go. There are toilets right there.“ John said pointing down the hallway.

“I do not need to pee!” She said defiantly, the lightly crossed legs she was standing with and her posture straightening.

“Really?”

“Yeah, ive just had too much coffee today and its upset my stomach if you have to know, which you don’t! and you also you don’t have to keep doubting me” She said, the volume of her annoyance increasing in the small room.

“Ok, sorry. This doesn’t impact me one bit.” He said holding up his hands, if this wasn’t her trying to prove anything to him then he had no stake in this battle.

“Thank you, maybe if you had thought more like that before, maybe we would still be together.” Amber replied curtly, once again turning her back on him. He was stunned again, that had hurt and the ache in Johns chest returned as he watched her walk away.

“Wow, fuck her” came Roger, putting his hand on Johns shoulder.

“Well…actually don’t. That’s what got you in this mess in the first place.” He said, a grin on his face.

“Come on, me Suzie and a couple of the others are going into town, you want to join?”

“I….” John stammered

“Good, that’s what I like to hear” Roger interrupted, not giving him a chance to back out.

Sighing deeply, he was happy to be steered back towards the doorway.

“Ok fine, what are you planning this time?” John asked nervously.

“Ok so imagine this” Roger said, moving his hands like an imaginary rainbow Infront of his face. A look of glee filled in his eyes; he sure did have a way of selling his schemes

“Casino’s”… There was a pause as John waited for more information, but none came.

“Is that it?” he asked.

“What do you mean is that it, between my street smarts and your number smarts there is no way we can lose. “

“Yeah keep calling it number smarts and im sure we will come across as right geniuses.”

Taking the pencil out from behind his ear Roger put it into his mouth like a cigar, placing an arm around John.

“Listen here kid”

“Is that supposed to be Capone?” John couldn’t help but laugh at the terrible accent.

“Yeah now shut up and listen” Roger replied in his original south London accent.

“Casino’s always win right? But that is because everyone is playing against them and trying t to win. They go in with too much ambition you see”, he said tapping his makeshift cigar on his head.

“All you need to do is to play the other chumps, but not the casino.”

“Wait, so we play to come second?”

“Exactly, we cant win but we don’t need to”

“We just want to make money, which we can do by playing to come second.” John said, surprisingly impressed by the suggestions.

“Now your getting it lad, if we just play low stakes poker and play long enough on each table to make money, we can leave while everyone else is concentrating on the people trying to win each table.”

“Isn’t that bad etiquette?”

“Yeah but there are like 100 casino’s we can play in”

“Alright, im in you son of a gun. Where do we get started” John said eagerly, the conversation with Amber all but forgotten.

“Ah…now that part I’ve not figured out yet.”

…

“Well last night was a bust” a dejected looking Roger said as the group met again for breakfast.

“For you maybe” Suzie said, fanning herself with her winnings.

Groaning Roger put his head on the table. “I cant believe you doubled your money on roulette. Its got no skill, its just luck.”

“The skill, is choosing luck”

“There might be some twisted logic in that” he admitted, his head still on the table. “Do either of you know what we are doing today?”

“Surveying the canyon, I think” John responded. “Oh here is the professor”

“Bad night at the Casino Roger?”

“Yes….I mean no….I didn’t go to the casino….” He said sitting bolt upright

“Its alright, you are all adults. You can do what you want when you are not expected to be working….as long as it legal….in the UK, not just here” he added before walking to the middle of the room.

“Right guys, so today we will be surveying the canyon. Now given the equipment restrictions we will be working in teams of four.”

No way, there is no way he is going to put her in this group, I mean what are the chances. John thought to himself.

“Stewart and Dan, you will be with Macy and Charlotte.”

“Matt and…Matt, you will be with Damion and Clive”

“June and Amber, you will be with Suzie and John”

“Well fuck” Suzie muttered to them.

“Where is all that luck now” Roger said, his spirits picked up by the others misfortune.

“Roger you will be with Tom, Lavender and Stacey”

“Boom” he said finger gunning the pair of them again. The three of them knew Tom well, they were part of the same beer society.

“See you guys later” he said grabbing his bag and going to meet his beer buddy.

Walking over to where Amber was sat it was clear all the drinks yesterday were catching up with her. The bulge in her bladder was even larger, although it seemed she had now become conscious of it . It seemed she was trying to use a white leather belt hooked through her white jean shorts to hide it. Either that or she was doing her best to make herself suffer as much as possible, the extra pressure it must have been adding was insane.

Despite this she sat rigidly in her sea while drinking a glass of water, trying to seem as if nothing was wrong with her. But the slight movements and sheen of sweat across her fair face were a giveaway that her composure was just a façade. But her legs remained uncrossed and considering how much she had consumed she was remarkably calm.

“So I guess we are working together then” Amber said unhappily, the confrontation yesterday only making things even more awkward.

“Seems like it” Suzie added.

Sitting on the bus behind Amber John couldn’t help but notice the rigidness of her posture again, she was clearly suffering and he just couldn’t imagine why she wouldn’t just give in and pee. More than that, she seemed to be incapable of refusing drinks, her pride making her accept them and surely make her condition even worse.

Arriving at the site the group silently picked up their surveying equipment and began the trek along the canyon ridge. About halfway up the heat was starting to get unbearable, forcing them to take a quick breather next to a small river that noisily babbled past them and dropped into the Canyon. It seemed to be having an effect on Amber as she stared into the void of the rippling waters surface, her left hand moving towards her crotch and a slight muscle twitch happening in her face.

“Man does this noise make me have to pee” Suzie said loudly.

The loud interruption snapped Amber out of her gaze as she quickly moved the hand away, her cheeks flushing red for a moment as she became embarrassed about almost needing to hold herself.

“What about you Amber, does it make you need to pee?” Suzie asked, a playful but wicked look on her face.

“No…..Im ok. Im a grown woman who can hold her pee as much as she wants too.”

“That’s not quite what I asked, I was asking if that bubbling, frothing sound of all that liquid rushing around was making you need to pee”

That one got a squirm from Amber as Suzie’s phrasing conjured a powerful image.

“No she doesn’t, Amber never needs to pee. I bet she is even a little thirsty, isn’t that right Amber.” June said jumping to her friend’s defence

“I uh yeah….thirsty”

“See, here you go” June said handing Amber a large bottle of water which she slowly unscrewed and began to drink from.

Continuing on up the hill they arrived at their designated grid square to survey, the results of which would be used in the write up which was worth 60%. So this really was important for them to get right. Thankfully and in spite of any awkwardness, they all seem to manage to be professional and by lunch time they had made good progress.

“Man it is hot today” June said wiping her head with the bottom of her shirt.

“Yeah, what do you guys say to an hour off for lunch, maybe find some shade?” John asked

“I second that idea” Suzie replied, “Im sweating so much I think im going to end up doing that thing from the X-men film.”

“Uhhh…that’s descriptive” John laughed.

“You know, that guy who was a human and got given the mutant thing and then he could turn into water or something….squeezes through the bars….no?” the even more confused looks on her friends faces a clear sign they had no idea what she was talking about.

“Look its hot, lets just find some shade” She summarised.

Walking down a little bit they found a dense woodland area and set up under a big Elm.

“Right im going to go pee” Suzie announce to the group as they sat down

“What out here” June asked

“Well unless you have a bathroom in that bag of yours, yes”

“Wow, I wish I was as confident as you”

“I…you’ve never pee’d outside”

“I mean…no not really”

“Well, im about to go right here if I dont, all that water we drank is going through me quick.”

“Um….do you mind I come with you, I need to go too” June added, blushing and looking slightly sheepish.

“Sure, the more the merrier I guess” A slightly confused look on her face. She had never understood why other girls went to the toilet together.

“You coming too Amber?” Suzie knew the answer she was going to get, but she wanted to see her response.

“What out here, no way. I don’t need to go thanks.”

“Really, I mean your bladder bulge could have fooled me” She said pointing to Amber's still growing midsection.

“I….I don’t know what you mean” Amber stammered, looking at the floor for a few seconds.

“I mean you haven’t peed in like 3 days, surely you are desperate by now.” Suzie continued. John was a bit worried about where this would go, but at the same time this was the most open conversation he had been involved with about this.

“I feel the need to pee, but I am fine. I can hold it as long as I want, I don’t need to stoop to your level of peeing outside with the animals. My bladder can and will hold anything and everything it is asked to hold” She said resolutely.

It was clear from Junes face she had somewhat insulted her, the eagerness of wanting to try peeing outside kind of gone now.

“Well, suit yourself, but like I said, this animal has to pee” Suzie said, clearly unaffected by anything Amber had said.

“You coming?”

“Um…Yeah, sure” June replied following Suzie round the side into a small clearing.

As soon as the others left the awkward silence returned, filling the air with a tenseness not helped by Suzie’s questioning of his ex’s bladder. It hung there between them like an unwanted visitor and was just too much to bare.

“Right, well I got to go too. Be right back” John said. It was true he did have to go but it was more that he wanted to escape the awkwardness of just him and Amber hanging out together.

Lunch for the most part was uneventful as they all ate and guzzled down more water to beat the heat. Before long they were all back to work and possibly pushed on by the lack of small talk they made good time, heading back down the trail with plenty of time to spare. Carefully climbing over a small fallen tree they could now see the bus again.

“You really don’t need to pee?” Suzie asked out of nowhere again

“Why do you keep bringing this up, No!” Amber replied annoyed by her insistence.

“I just can’t believe it, its like unreal how strong your bladder is”

“Well I am a grown woman, and women can control themselves. Unlike you tiny bladdered people I have some restraint and dignity.”

“Ok well, I meant it as a complement but I guess never mind then” Suzie said rolling her eyes. But john didn’t quite know what she was expecting when she had brought it up again.

Soon the other groups returned to the assembly point, with a couple of exceptions. “Anyone seen Roger?” John asked.

“Oh, he and some of the others finished early and headed back to the hotel” Professor Gallagher answered, seemingly appearing out of nowhere. “Sorry I didn’t get to your guys area today by the way, we had a couple of issues. How did it go?”

“Fine professor” Amber replied for them.

“Good to hear, now I think we are all here if you want to get on the bus.”

“Whats the chances Roger is back in that casino?” Suzie asked quietly as they boarded the bus.

“Probably quite high” John joked, knowing his friend he was already coming up with his next scheme.

Arriving back at the hotel they were surprised to see him sat in food hall.

“Good job we didn’t bet on that” John said pointing him out to Suzie.

“I mean I think we would have both thought he wouldn’t be here.”

“True”.

“Hey guys” Roger called over to them “Open bar!” he said excitedly pointing towards the bar in the back of the room. Until now it had been closed up with a large board blocking access, but tonight it seemed to be open with a pair of bartenders behind it.

“Enjoying yourself?” Suzie asked

“Yeah, apparently a lot of it is free, like the stuff on tap. Any thing fancy and you have to pay. How was the survey?”

“Not too bad thanks” john responded. Which was true, he was expecting far more awkwardness.

“And little miss iron bladder” Roger continued, nodding over at Amber.

“Still pretending she doesn’t need to go, but I think its clear to everyone else she does.” Said Suzie.

“Well that’s good news” A strange look on Rogers face was telling them he was hiding something, but before they could ask movement behind them got their attention. Walking past them a waiter was putting out a number of large metal trays. Lifting the lids off them the room instantly filled with the smell of fresh seafood, piles of shrimp, battered fish and even oysters filled the tables. The sights and smell’s quickly attracting the rest of their fellow students as everyone dug into the fresh food buffet.

“So you going back into town later?” John asked, wiping a layer of grease from around his mouth after finishing eating.

“No” Roger said slightly sorely.

“Got no more money to burn on the poker tables” Suzie jibed

“I don’t know what you are talking about” Roger said, a sly smile on his face as he took out a wad of dollar bills.

“You did go into town earlier, I knew it” John said, almost dropping a prawn from his fork.

“No I didn’t”

“Then where did all that cash come from?”

“Oh, little side hustle I started”

“Side Hustle?” Suzie and John said in unison and with matching frowns.

“Yeah, taking bets with some of the guys”

“About what” Suzie asked raising an eyebrow, not sure if she liked the sound of where this was going.

“About If Amber will piss herself before we get back or not.” Roger replied matter of factually, shovelling more chips into his mouth.

“Really?” John said, not believing what he was hearing.

“Yeah, currently 4/1 wet herself, 2/1 she uses a toilet before we get back and 10/1 she makes it, pretty good odds if you want to get in now, before they change.”

“You cant be serious? “ John replied

“Those are good odds” Suzie interjected

“Me and Mr Franklin are very serious about things like this”

I cant believe you, but you realise that you have to pay people that money if they win. But it seemed John’s comment fell on deaf ears.

“I’ll put 20 bucks on wet herself” Suzie said handing over a couple of bills.

“Isn’t this kind of unfair, you are basically betting on her humiliation” John said, still struggling to comprehend that this was a thing that was happening.

“Why are you the only one who still seems to care, no one else is. Even June is on our side.”

“I just feel kind of sorry for her, wait what? How is June on our side?”

“Well, as a bookie I am impartial, so I don’t have a side” Roger said holding a hand over his heart. “But you both cant seriously be missing the amount of drinks she has been brining Amber. Like all of yesterday, she was refilling and pilling on the drinks like mad. I thought she might be trying to drown her or something.”

“She is just being a good friend” John said. He was trying to dismiss that possibility, but Roger had made a good point.

“Really, what about today. Did she happen to give Amber something to drink even when she wasn’t asking.”

“Now that you mention it yeah…”

“When did you get so observant?” Suzie joked

“Hey, when there is a buck to be made you can call me Eddie the Eagle eyes”

“What after the ski jumper?”

“After who?”

“Never mind” John said shaking his head

“So you want in?” He asked looking at John expectedly

“I don’t know”

“Ok, 3/1 odds on her not making it home dry?”

“I thought you said it was 4/1?”

“Yeah well, they change all the time. Depending on circumstance”

“What has changed in the last 30 seconds?”

“That” Roger said nodding at Amber's position again.

Next to her was Tom who seemed to be ordering a drink and chatting to Amber.

“Is he hitting on her?” Suzie asked

“It doesn’t matter, we are not together. She can move on if she wants too” John said, unable to keep all the bitterness out of that statement.”

“Oh calm down, Tom has $50 on her wetting herself”

“What do you mean?”

“I mean he bet $10 when it was still 5/1 odds. So if she pisses herself I have to pay the sneaky bastard $50.”

“So he is buying her a drink to tip the balance of the game, clever” Suzie said, seemingly impressed.

“That cant be ethical, I mean he is going to make her hurt herself.” John said.

“Again, will you stop caring so much about your Ex. I swear most people would be happy to see their Ex humiliate themselves.”

“I just mean….”

“No, look here John. As she keeps telling us she is a grown ass woman, I may have added the ass in there. But she is an adult, its her decision to visit the toilet or piss herself. This place is full of toilets, she can go at any point and she doesn’t need to hold it. You are not making her hold it by putting a bet on, no one is. Its just her stupid self pride that is doing that, it’s the same thing that ruined your relationship, so why not put a bet on and enjoy watching. Suzie said, clearly annoyed by his worrying just as much as Amber's arrogance.

“I guess…” Everything Suzie had said was completely true. He had no control over Amber one way or the other.

“I’ll tell you what, I’ll give you 15 / 1 odds on her making it home dry if you put in a tenner.”

“Wait, why would I bet on that?” John asked, confused by the shifting odds again.

“Because that’s some good odds right, 10 dollars in and you could make 150 out.”

“Yeah, but you cant seriously think she is going to make it?”

“Well Im impartial…..but no I don’t, why do you think I want people to take me up on it.” He laughed,

“Ooooh, how about 8/1 odds she uses a toilet before we get home? That way you can simultaneously hope she does and doesn’t pee and keep your weird twisted good soul thing going?”

“Shut up, but sure here is a fiver on that.”

“Oooh look out big spender.” Roger joked. “Do you really think she will give in before wetting herself though?”

“No, but at least if she does, I can make some money out of you” John said smiling again.

Looking up he could see that one of the Matt’s was now trying their luck with her. Another pint being bought and pushed in her direction as she chatted with him. She still looked calm but her legs were now firmly pressed together as her abdomen continued to grown and bulge even more. Its contents still firmly locked inside by her clenching muscles and iron will.
