Just another day at the office

Author: MrIzzay

*000*2018-02-10 00:37

Susan sighed loudly, why was she here again? Oh right, the whole food and water thing. Damn human limitations ...

She shouldn't complain really, her life was not a hard one. Growing up with some privilege allowed her to coast on by high school and get herself a degree in business administration. She wasn't gifted a Mercedes on her sixteenth birthday or anything, but she never had to worry about the cost of her study materials or choosing between eating that month and going to the dentist. Plus she was fairly clever, though she supposed many thought this about themselves, and liked to think herself as pretty if she wanted to be. The latter fact didn't matter though as she would never listen to her mothers, occasionally good, advice 'If only you'd put on some makeup Susan! You'd become a cherry in a heartbeat!''. Because hey, life that you get from a little bit of effort is good enough. Anything more just isn't worth it, and the fact that that bitch ''always a smile'' Mary got promoted last week did not matter one iota. Being able to afford a car th-

''Lady, i have been waiting for two minutes! Who do you think you are? The queen of England? I have things to do and places to be!''

''My apologies sir. I like think before i act or speak to present myself as a professional and all around put together individual. Undoubtedly however Buckingham palace is waiting for you as we converse merrily and thus i will begin immediately''.

The man shot her an annoyed look. Preparing herself mentally for the fourth client that day before lunch, she hated Tuesdays, Susan rose up from her chair and knelt. Closing her mouth around the mans organ she looked up into his eyes and nodded her approval. The mans face smoothed over and he gave her a small smirk.

''Aahh..''

A soft hissing sound in Susan's booth could be heard that joined the background buzz of the office. Susan felt her mouth filling up with the mans liquid and after a moment she swallowed. Tasting a sour flavor Susan mused with some amusement if the taste was the result of the mans personality.

''Ooh, that was getting close.''

Sensing that the man became relaxed due to his knowledge he wouldn't need to find a inappropriate solution for his aching bladder Susan started to count.

1 2 3 4. 1 2 3 4. 1 3 4. 1 4. 4. 4. ... Another four client huh, for someone who has 'places to be' he sure doesn't seem to be in a hurry. Well i got the rhythm down, now what was i thinking about? ...

''There was some bad traffic on the 104 you know, they really should expand that road.''

Sour piss and boring conversation? Well wasn't this man just the perfect presentation of the opposite of everything she enjoyed about life. She really didn't get why people wanted to talk with someone who were working and really couldn't add more to the conversation then a few grunts and grumbles. Still she chose to be part of mediocrity and had to follow the unwritten rules. Feigning interest it was.

''Hm?''

''Oh you haven't heard? The mayor wanted to expand the 104 because traffic during peak times has been been growing rapidly over the years. It's because of all the people that came to the outskirts of the city i tell ya. The housing prices inside the city are obscene and can only be afforded by the rich anymore, it's chasing good people away from the center. Those darn politicians should have done something about the housing market years ago, it's too late now.

Apparently this man was a bit of a rambler whilst urinating. He earned himself yet another point in opposite land.

''Anyhow, good ol' mayor Thomas wanted to expand the 104 to ease the burden on the people, kinda like you are doing right now with me! Ho ho ho.''

''Mmmh''

Bad jokes too? If this man were a wet dream not even her nightly incidents could overpower the Nevada desert equivalent of drought that her body would expel. It was good though that sourpuss was relaxing and making jokes. Clients often became calmer when the pressure of their bladder had reduced significantly. Hopefully this meant the halfway point was reached and she soon could go to lunch.

''Heh yeah i should've been a comedian i know. My wife told me just yesterday it's why she married me. Anyhow.. the mayor wanted to expand the road, had public support and got a couple of contractors ready but ...''

Susan was at the end of her attention span and felt her mind drift away. Her eyes glazed over and the man noticed it was time to act.

''Hrrrmg''

Suddenly Susan felt her mouth fill up quicker then before. Paying only a sliver of attention left her unable to adapt and she panicked.

''Gugh''

Of course a scandal like a spillage of urine on herself or, heavens forbid, a client did not occur. Susan had two years of field experience under her belt and had passed the company gag reflex repression training. No the seal her mouth formed was not broken and she continued to drink every drop, still she had now made a mistake that was inadmissible for even rookies in training. By audibly struggling to swallow she let the client know he couldn't release the contents of his bladder the way he wanted to. For a company whose multi million brand was ''Just relax, you're home'' this was an embarrassing mistake indeed.

''Well now..''

Susan's cheeks inflamed from her mistake. She cursed at herself, how could she have made such a stupid mistake? Did he notice? With her reddened cheeks she looked up. The man she mentally gave the nickname sourpuss raised this right eyebrow and shot her a self satisfied smirk.

''Did i just hear what i think i did? Judging by the colors of your cheeks i did! Ho ho ho''

Seemingly denying the boundaries of the color spectrum itself Susan's cheeks inflamed even more. She forced her mind to focus on a solution and it gave her one. Her mistake had to be covered up, if it leaked out her contract would be terminated immediately.

''...''

The final drops came out of the mans organ and upon swallowing them she released her client. She stood and saw that the man still had a satisfied look on his face.

''I guess you weren't such a professional and altogether put together person after all huh? In fact you are more of an untrained and sloppy intern aren't you? ''

''Sir i must apo-''

''Admit it.''

Unable to look the client she embarrassed herself in the eyes anymore Susan dropped her gaze.

''I, Susan employee of this proud company have performed as one might aspect of a untrained and sloppy intern. And offer you my heartfelt apologies a''

The man gave a sigh of pleasure.

''Obviously i won't be paying for this session..''

Susan nodded her head demurely

''... and i demand compensation for your grievous error.''

''Sir please don't have me fired or penalized by calling for the manager. I deeply regret my failure and promise to never do it again''

The man sighed, seemingly taking her smashed pride and heartfelt apology in consideration.

''Very well i won't be unreasonable. we all need to make ends meet. I'll forgive you and forget this incident occurred on one condition.''

''Which is?''

''The minor card of quality. I know that a fully trained and qualified employee such as yourself can give it without input from her superiors''

Internally Susan sighed with relief, giving him her personal card was an easy way out of this predicament. It would hurt her income slightly of course, the man was likely to stop by frequently when his sessions were free but her secret would be safe. If the man ever revealed the true reason he got the card and she was fired it would be revoked. Thus she happily resigned to drink his urine every workday for the rest of her career.

''I can sir, i will arrange the necessary paperwork and mail it over to your personal address by next week. Once again i apologize and promise to service you better in the future''

''See that you do.''

Whistling the man left her booth, seemingly in a much better mood then he was when he entered. Susan dropped herself on her chair, feeling her belly slosh with urine, and cried a few tears of relief.

That was it! Hope it was enjoyable. I did this as a ''bite the bullet'' kind of deal and hope someone on the internet is kind enough to burn this story to the ground with constructive criticism!

