Desperate Destiny

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2019-11-29 01:18

Desperate Destiny

Destiny sat wearing her green top and oversized green bow in her hair as agreed. She nervously sipped at her lemonade. Blind date number 6. Was it an omen she wondered or could this one actually be legitimate, attractive and interesting? He couldn’t be as boring as number 1, or as sleazy as number two, or as smelly and scruffy as number 3. Number 4 at least tried but then he’d left for the bathroom, never returned and left her to pay the bill. Number 5 was a no show and number 6...well so far he was five minutes late and counting!

Maybe her friends were right and internet dating was doomed to fail? Well she was here now and this man had ten more minutes and if he didn’t contact her or appear she was deleting the app and giving up. She was already half way through her lemonade anyway. She looked around before tinkering with her phone to distract herself.

Then a tap on her shoulder sent shivers down her full body. Destiny turned and immediately felt the shadow of someone behind her. His shoes were smart, he had smart black trousers on, a casual but smart jumper with a v neck and shirt beneath and...the most natural welcoming smile she could ever recall. He put his hand out to shake hers as she rose from her seat to face him, aware he wasn’t much taller than she was.

‘Sorry I’m a little later than planned. Every single light was red! I’m Fraser by the way but pretty sure you’ve worked that out. You look way more beautiful than your profile picture by the way. Wow!’

‘Hi. Emmm thanks. I quite liked that profile pic too haha!’

Emma gestured to Fraser to sit but he asked if she wanted anything more to drink first.

‘I’ll stick to another lemonade if that’s ok. Thanks.’

‘I’ll be right back!’

Destiny looked at Fraser standing at the bar and mentally ticked some boxes in her head. He seemed friendly. Tick. Genuine? So far at least. Tick. Sexy? His smile absolutely and there was definitely something about his think Scottish accent too. Tick. Generous? Well he hadn’t asked her for money for the drinks so that was a start. Good company? She’d find that out soon enough.

Nerves made her hands shake a little and seeing Fraser at the bar ordering made her throat dry so Destiny gulped down the last of her lemonade and looked at the all too familiar menu. She knew this pub well but even familiar places could seem strange on your first date she thought.

Just then Fraser returned with the drinks. He took his coat off and hung it neatly over the chair before sitting down.

‘Saw you looking at the menu there. Anything you fancy? I saw the special on the board when I was at the bar and the home made steak pie sounds amazing. Makes me think of home!’

‘Sounds perfect. There’s usually quite quick at taking your order here.’

Sure enough less than five minutes later and two steak pies, chips and vegetables were on order and Fraser and Destiny continued their conversation.

Destiny was somewhat surprised at how easy to talk to Fraser was and Fraser was equally surprised how ‘ordinary’ and lovely Destiny was. Wether it was nerves or a desire to please each other or something else again neither knew, but without thought or effort both had their hands around their drinks and sipped almost simultaneously as they chatted.

So far so good thought Destiny, and unbeknown to her Fraser was having a lovely time too.

The food arrived and Destiny was surprised when the waitress asked if they wanted any more drinks. It was only then she noticed she’d somehow almost finished her second glass already.

‘Do you sell Irn Bru at all?’ Fraser asked smiling.

‘As a matter of fact we do sir. It’s surprisingly popular here. Ordinary or diet sir?’

‘Oh ordinary please.’

‘And mam?’

‘Oh I think a water please thanks’

‘Fizzy or still mam?’

‘Oh still would be great thanks’.

The meal looked delicious and as Destiny began cutting hers up she couldn’t help but snigger when Fraser joked ‘she never asked if you wanted your drink diet. Honestly, you can’t get the staff round here!’

Funny? She could tick that now too. So far at least.

The evening continued well until around half way through eating when Destiny felt a cool breeze from the door which sent a shiver down her body and through her bladder and she moved in her seat subconsciously. She smiled nervously at Fraser, ignored the twinge and carried on eating.

The chips and vegetables were salty and Destiny was glad of the refreshing water. Fraser seemed to be enjoying his, even commenting that it was as good as his mums and he winked as he said it which Destiny found surprisingly sexy. Date number six was much better than expected. She wasn’t in any hurry to go anywhere.

Dinner turned to pudding then tea and coffee and before Destiny was aware she’d consumed a full pint of lemonade, half a pint of water and a mug of tea! Time was passing quickly and she was in no hurry to leave Fraser with his ginger hair and deep brown eyes. She swung her legs under the table determined her stupid bladder wouldn’t ruin her best date so far. If Fraser excused himself for a comfort break she would too but she wasn’t going to be the first to break away. Absolutely not.

The pub was getting busier and louder as a major match played on large TV’s and Fraser suggested they find a quieter corner to sit. Destiny knew she should have piped up something similar to ‘that would be lovely. I’ll just nip to the ladies first’ or something similar, but Fraser was too mesmerising, too exciting even, to leave. She’d go as soon as they parted. Yes that would be fine.

They moved together to a snug couch by a fire. Romantic, quieter, but much further from the ladies. Fraser suggested another cup of tea and despite her already full bladder Destiny nodded and smiled. With Fraser at the bar she crossed her legs and pulled her knees towards her. She was bursting and thought about slipping to the loo while Fraser was not looking but she didn’t want to leave her bag, coat and Fraser’s coat unattended nor did she like the idea of Fraser returning and finding her away. She circled her foot and tightened her muscles and smiled as Fraser turned towards her and winked. Goodness he was stunning in the light of the pub and even the laughter and chatter of strangers seemed to somehow feel special as Destiny realised she actually really liked Fraser and absolutely wanted to date him again.

The coffee table was low and bending to reach her tea squeezed against Destiny’s bladder and she quietly moaned. She didn’t want to show it but her body was absolutely desperate for release though pride prevented her excusing herself.

‘You ok?’

‘Yeah fine.’

The tea was delicious but Destiny’s bladder just couldn’t stretch so she sat bolt upright, tense and concentrating rather than drinking.

‘You’ve gone quiet. Have I upset you?’

Fraser reached over towards Destiny and hugged her lightly.

‘If I’m boring you it’s ok. Just say.’

‘No. No. Not at all. Just thinking.’

That was the truth really. She was thinking about how to politely excuse herself and how she could get to the ladies dry. But she couldn’t say that on a first date.

She bit her lip, shifted on the seat and tensed her back more. Her face flushed and a drop of sweat formed on her forehead. It took all her effort to hold her bladder closed.

‘Please don’t feel you can’t say Destiny. We’ve had a lovely evening. Well I definitely have. You are great company. You are beautiful, intelligent and interesting. I would love to meet up again. So if something is bothering you I think honestly is definitely the best policy. ‘

It was all Destiny could do to whisper. Every last ounce of her energy was reserved for holding back the huge flood inside her. Her arms folded around her bladder as if hugging herself and she bent forward with a tear in her eye. Fraser put his arm around her and his head down towards hers and whispered.

‘Whatever it is it’s ok. I don’t bite.’

Destiny fidgeted before gasping as another spasm pushed through her body.

‘It’s just...it’s just...I’ve drank too much sorry. I should have...oh Good God above...’

Destiny pushed her bum as far back into the seat as she could and pressed a hand tight into her crotch pulling her coat over herself to cover it up while her head faced down to avoid seeing Fraser who was hugging her in concern.

In a broken whisper she bravely but reluctantly confessed:

‘I should have gone at dinner. I should have gone before we moved over here. I’ve had to go for so so long. Now it’s an emergency. I am so so so desperate now. I think I’m going to pee my pants.’

Fraser kissed her forehead and stroked her hair. He whispered back:

‘Oh my sweet Destiny. My dear darling desperate Destiny.’

He slipped his hand under her coat and over her own in her crotch area as he used his other hand to tenderly lift her chin and kiss her lovingly on the lips whilst gently pressing his hand over her own between her legs.

A current washed over Destiny as their lips met. She wanted more. So much more. But first she had to pee. Urgently.

‘I shan’t hold you any longer my precious desperate Destiny. I don’t want you upset. But hurry back. I’ll be right here waiting for you.’

His words enticed her like crazy but the pounding from her vagina was intensive and relentless too. She tied her coat around her waist to hide any wetness and ran to the ladies as she felt her knickers dampen.

Fraser looked on with his own legs crossed in a vain attempt to hide his erection. He liked what he’d seen tonight and he wanted more again. He hadn’t planned to get a beautiful girl so close to wetting herself but he couldn’t believe his luck that it had happened. It might not be entirely appropriate to do what he wanted with Destiny tonight but he resolved to excuse himself briefly for the gents when Destiny returned.

Assuming he could wait that long that was.

