Soulsborne Omorashi Fanfiction - Page 4

Author: MrsLittleleaks

*075*2020-11-05 14:19

Day 5 is "Wetting in a sexy Outfit" with Ciaran:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27400828

*076*2020-11-06 13:51

Are you all enjoying the Omovember so far?

Here is Day 6: Too busy to take a Break with Sulyvahn:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27417499

*077*2020-11-07 09:55

Day 7: Unable to Locate a Bathroom with the Slayer of Demon's. The only DeS fic in the whole lineup. Please enjoy.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27432475

*078*2020-11-08 09:53

Day 8: Holding Contest with Micolash and Laurence.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27450319

This was a lot of fun to write and it must be my favourite fic of all 30 I have written for this November ^^

I hope you enjoy Omovember so far! See you tomorrow!

*079*2020-11-09 14:18

Day 9: Tortured by the Sound of Running Water. It is our dear Dragon Slayer Ornstein that has to go through this torture:

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27471850

*080*2020-11-11 13:51

I forgot Day 10: Tied up with Artorias!

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27490012

Day 11: Locked out of the Bathroom with Raime/Velstadt.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27507373

See you tomorrow!

*081*2020-11-12 14:50

Day 12: Personal Experience with Laurence

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27525307

Actually one of those that I don't like that much. Oh well. Hope you still enjoy.

*082*2020-11-13 14:52

Day 13: Trying to hide the wet Patch with Micolash

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27541981

That story is more about the aftermath of a bedwetting, it was a nice change of pace to write actually ^^

*083*2020-11-14 09:56

Day 14: Standing in Line with Laurence

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27556375

Sorry, that he's there a bunch, he's just my fav and so many prompts were fitting for him *lies down*

*084*2020-11-15 09:54

Day 15: Formal Clothes with Seath

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27573791

How can Seath wear clothes, you ask? Well, by being a Gijinka of course!

*085*2020-11-16 14:06

Day 16: Opposite's Gender Bathroom with Laurence and Rom.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27590254

We are over halfway through. I look forward to post the rest of my fics. This has been fun so far.

*086*2020-11-17 14:28

Day 17: Wetting a Uniform with Laurence

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27603935

I tried to use another character for it, but this prompt gave me massive problems, so I gave up on it and used an old scenario that I hadn't posted yet.

*087*2020-11-18 14:17

Day 18: In a Container with Emma.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27617398

If the Sekiro Fandom will cancel me over this?

*088*2020-11-19 14:27

Day 19: In the Snow with Laurence

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27630533

This was a fun one. I love snow days.

*089*2020-11-20 13:47

Day 20: Using a Towel or Pillow to help them hold in with Laurence

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27642913

We are two third through. Are you excited for the ten fics still left?

*090*2020-11-21 09:32

Day 21: Wetting a Swimsuit with Laurence

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27654266

*091*2020-11-22 09:32

Day 22: Your Choice with... everyone of the Byrgenwerth Chaos Group.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27667829

Uh, guys, I know that nobody is obliged to read this stories, but getting like zero input or feedback is a bit.. discouraging...

*093*2020-11-23 14:05

Day 23: Wetting while running with Laurence (again, sorry, tomorrow we have someone else)

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/2768432

@multibubbled

Well, thanks for being honest.

*095*2020-11-24 14:13

Day 24: Desperate at the Movie Theatre with Ornstein

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27697714

I hope nobody in here takes this personal, but I think I will leave this message board soon. I will finish posting the Omovember and fulfil the one request that I plan to work on soon (my current non kink WIP got out of hand), but then I think I will stop updating this thread.

I just don't think that in this board is the demographic for my fics and I personally was hoping for something else when I searched an Omorashi community. I am not even active in this board anymore outside of this thread.

I will continue posting my fics on AO3, so if you would like to continue being a reader, I just ask you to come over there.

*097*2020-11-25 14:13

Day 25: Wetting on purpose with Seath

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27711080

@124578

Aw, thank you, that is actually really sweet ^^

Don't worry, whenever I put in the end notes of a fic that I take requests, they are open, though you have to ask them via the comment section or come over to my twitter and write me a dm, because I won't check this board anymore.

I also would ask to please only have one request at the time and ask for a new only after you request has been fulfilled.

I feel almost a bit bad leaving, bc I am pretty sure that nobody in here is a bad person, but I just don't vibe the community in here. Omorashi for me is something vastly different as for a majority of the people here. I also get massively squicked out by diapers and, uh, yeah, the status updates are literally full of people who brag about their diapers...

*098*2020-11-26 12:44

Day 26: On the Floor with Laurence and Micolash

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27723754

*099*2020-11-27 14:43

Day 27: Bedwetting with Laurence

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27740149

