Kitty Cartwright Desperately Has To Pee

Author: mysterious331

*000*2021-10-29 16:09

Right after the Cartwright family returned home from their evening at a restaurant, they walked up to the front door. Donald then noticed Kitty dancing around in desperation.

"Wow, honey!" Donald said, impressed. "I didn't know you were such a good dancer. I'm still wondering why you're dancing if there's no music being played."

"I'm not dancing, you idiot!" Kitty snapped. "I drank too much of that lemonade!"

"Oh," Donald replied. "Is that what the song is called?"

"No!" Kitty snarled. "I had five tall glasses of lemonade and I've been holding it for an hour now!"

"Okay," Donald said, still dumbfounded by what Kitty meant. "But what does drinking lemonade have to do with dancing?"

Kitty just slapped him in the face. "I am not dancing!" Kitty snapped once again. "I filled my bladder with 48 fl oz of that lemonade back at that restaurant and I have to pee! Are you really that stupid?!"

"Oh," Donald told her. "Well why didn't you say so? You could have gone at the restaurant while we were still there."

"That bathroom was too filthy," Kitty complained, hugging onto her crotch tightly. She wiggled her way to the door, searching for her keys. "Okay, Donald," she told her husband. "You can quit fooling around and give me the keys so I can unlock this door, step inside, and go to the bathroom in there!"

"Okay," Donald replied. "Now let me see where I put them... "

He searched for the keys for about a few seconds, and Kitty was bouncing in desperation, with one hand grabbing tightly on the doorknob and the other holding her crotch.

"Are you going to give me the keys or what?!" Kitty snapped at Donald.

Then Donald looked horrified. "Oh no!" he said. "I think I locked them inside the car!"

Kitty then stared back in shock. "You what?!" she shouted in Donald's face.

"I... I... " Donald stammered.

Kitty was now furious. It was bad enough her husband had done a lot of dumb things in the past. But with him locking the keys in the car and her bladder getting ready to burst, she was really ready to attack him. But she thought better of it.

So she ran to the car and tried to open the driver's door, only to find it was locked. As she stared inside, there they were. Inside the ignition, dangling slowly.

Kitty growled at the top of her lungs as her husband and child slowly approached her. "Donald!" she yelled.

"Y-y-y-y-y-yes, dear?" he asked apprehensively.

"HOW DO YOU LOCK THE KEYS INSIDE THE CAR?!" Kitty shouted, emphasizing every word.

"You don't use your head?" Donald answered nervously.

"I hope you're proud of yourself now!" Kitty snarled. "The keys are locked inside the car, we're locked outside our house, and I have to pee!"

"I can fix this," Donald protested.

"Oh yeah?" Kitty replied sharply. "HOW?!"

Donald tried to think for a second. But had nothing. He was feeling rather uneasy on what his wife would do. She was on the verge to bursting and was about to attack him if she got her panties wet. Luckily, he had dodged a bullet when Kitty made her decision.

"I'll deal with you later!" Kitty shouted at her husband. "Right now, I have to find a way inside the house so I can use the bathroom!"

Kitty held onto her crotch and ran back to and around the house to find some way inside. The backdoor was locked. The windows were locked. The garage door was locked. Everything around the house was closed tightly.

Kitty growled in frustration. "EVERYTHING IS LOCKED!" she shouted at the sky.

She held on to her crotch tighter. She really needed to go and could barely hold it in. "I really need to pee so bad," she whined.

It wasn't helping that she saw that the house's roof was still drenched from raining yesterday. It dripped a thin trail of water from the edge rapidly. Kitty also looked around to find the faucet for the backyard was also dripping with a tiny thin trail of water. She was really desperate.

Kitty then looked around some more. With no access inside a building and water dripping around her, she had only one option: go outside.

She watched as her husband and child approached her. "Donald," she told him. I want you to come with me."

"Where are we going?" Donald asked, hesitant of what he thought Kitty would do to him.

"Just come with me," Kitty grumbled, grabbing Donald by the wrist and taking him with her, their child following along. She guided them to a large bush in their backyard.

"Now listen up," Kitty told her husband. "I want you to keep lookout while I pee behind this bush. And when I am done, I want you to give me something to wipe with. Do you have any napkins?"

Donald checked his pockets and pulled out a few napkins. "They're all clean," he told Kitty.

"Cheers," Kitty replied, snatching the napkins out of his hands. "Now I want you to stay behind this bush and don't look at me."

So Kitty went on the other side of the bush as Donald covered his eyes with his hands. Kitty could feel the flood gates opening any second. So she took a furtive look around to make sure no one was watching, pulled down her pants and panties, squatted down, and began to pee instantly.

"Ahhhhh!" Kitty sighed in relief. "Now that feels much better."

Kitty felt her pee hitting the ground rapidly. She was relieved that although she was upset to have to be forced to pee outside, at least she made it before she could wet herself.

"I hope you're not staring at me back there!" Kitty called to her husband. "I hate people who watch me pee! I especially hate those monsters looking at me! I am NOT a project you can just observe! I want my privacy out here since I couldn't make it to the toilet!"

"I'm not looking, honey!" Donald protested, his eyes still covered by his hands. "I promise."

"You better not be staring at me!" Kitty called back as she continued to pee.

As she continued squatting, Kitty saw that a trail of her pee was getting longer and longer. After about two minutes, the pee trail was 2 yards long.

"Are you finished back there, honey?" Donald asked from behind the bush.

"Not yet, Donald!" Kitty shouted furiously, her pee coming out faster. "I told you I drank too much lemonade! This is going to take a while!"

So Kitty continued peeing, and soon, a good five minutes passed since she started peeing. Her pee trail was now about four yards long, and it was flowing on the ground like a yellow river. Kitty was still squatting while peeing rapidly. Her bare butt was getting so cold she could feel the goose bumps on them. She groaned in frustration.

Why did I drink so much lemonade?" she complained.

Kitty continued peeing for one more minute until her pee finally weakened into tiny drops.

"Finally, I'm finished," she sighed. "I can't believe it took me this long to finish peeing."

Kitty used the napkins to wipe herself and threw the napkins on the ground.

"Are you finished yet?!" Donald asked, popping from behind the bush.

He had accidentally saw Kitty still squatting with her pants down, getting a view of her bare butt, and Kitty turned back to see Donald by surprise.

"DONALD!" she screamed. "I told you not to look!"

"I'm sorry," Donald said, freaking out. "I was just seeing if you were finished already!"

Kitty then pulled up her purple panties and red pants and stood up to face Donald. "Well I'm done!" she told him. "And I'm still mad at you for locking the keys in the car."

She stepped over an absurdly long trail of her pee and on the other side of the bush to confront Donald. "I told you I was sorry," Donald complained.

"I'll just call an auto company to see if they could get the keys out of the car," Kitty told him as she guided her husband and daughter to the front yard. "At least I still have my cellphone. You guys sure have it easy though. You can just whip it out and stand while keeping all your clothes on, while I, a woman, have to bare my bum in the air to go outside."

As the Cartwrights left, Lydia then came around from behind the big bush, encountering a 4-yard stream of Kitty's pee. Lydia stared at it in disgust.

"This must be what human urine looks like," she muttered. "And that woman says monsters are disgusting. They have a house right there. Why didn't she just go there? Don't humans have any decency?"

*002*2021-12-26 06:32

{{5 hours ago, VaporFrog said:

Really great story dude!i really want to see more of your pee desperation fics of Cartoon girls soon!

}}

Thanks. They will come up soon. Right now, I am currently working on requests for artwork of toon girls peeing. Here's the link if you're interested.

%https://www.omorashi.org/topic/72657-requests-of-cartoon-girls-peeing/?tab=comments#comment-1938789

