University Accidents (Emma, Isabella, Maddy, Charlotte and Olivia) - Page 2

Author: MiraOMO

*026*2020-03-25 22:01

Another new chapter!

The last we’ll see of Lainey for a while…

CHAPTER 9 - Music Festival

The music slowly came to a stop, Isabella and Lainey had been stood for a good two hours watching the headline act play. They now had the mammoth task, along with ten thousand other people to make their way across the hill and back to their tent. Isabella had been before to the festival and knew it would take ages to get out.

Isabella and Lainey slowly followed the herds of people, and made their way outside the tent. They shuffled through the metal gate they’d entered through and turned left. They had a short fifteen minute walk up the hill to their camp.

“That was so good.” Lainey said, turning to look at Isabella.

“Honestly. AMAZING.” Isabella replied whilst smiling.

“I’m speechless.” Lainey fired back whilst looking at her phone.

“Did you get any videos when you were on my shoulders?” Isabella asked. Her voice cracked in the process with the amount of shouting and singing she’d done.

“Yes. I’ll show you them in a sec…” Lainey tapped away at her phone.

The girls had made good progress, and they’d already started climbing the hill. Neither had the most appropriate footwear on though, which was gradually slowing them down. Isabella was dressed in a black crop top and small black denim shorts with docs on her feet. Lainey had strapless, flowery crop top on and blue denim shorts, also with black docs on her feet. Isabella had recently topped up the blonde highlights in her hair, and was now looking more like a blonde than a brunette whist Lainey still rocked her golden wavy hair that she’d always had.

The girls stopped for a brief moment as Lainey showed Isabella the video’s she’d taken.

“HAHA, go back…” Isabella shouted. “Look at that guy…”

Lainey quickly swiped at her phone, rolling the video back by ten seconds or so.

“Look!” Isabella said, whilst pointing at the screen.

Lainey could see that a guy who was sat on his friends shoulders fell off whilst swaying his arms from one side to the other.

“HAHA.” Watching it had set Lainey off laughing.

This was also helped as both Lainey and Isabella were slightly intoxicated. The girls laughed for a good couple of minutes whilst walking back up the hill.

Lainey winced and showed her hand into her crotch. “Ohhh…I think a bit of pee just came out.”

“No way.” This triggered Isabella to laugh more.

“You’re making me laugh too much.” Lainey replied.

Lainey had only leaked a tiny bit and there was no visible damage. By the time they’d both finished laughing, they had reached the entrance to their campsite. The girls had a small tent to the side of the camp. There really was only enough space to fit two people in the tent. Unfortunately, due to the lack of space, they’d had to keep their spare clothes and food in Isabella’s car which was parked another five minute walk away.

“I hate that walk…” Lainey remarked. This was their third night at the festival and Lainey thought about how they must’ve made the walk about fifty times.

“Takes so long…” Isabella replied, dragging her feet along the floor.

“And it’s effort.” Lainey added.

They finally made it back to the tent and Lainey unzipped the entrance. Luckily no one had stolen their sleeping bags which happened last year to Isabella. Lainey was first to enter the tent, closely followed by Isabella. It was extremely cramped for both the girls, Lainey only had a petit figure but could feel the warmth of Isabella’s body next to her. Lainey wrapped herself into her sleeping bag.

“Are you sure you don’t need the toilet?” Isabella asked, leaning up in sleeping bag.

“No…I’ll be fine.” Lainey said, whilst looking up to the ceiling of the tent.

“Don’t pee in here then.” Isabella joked.

“Go away.” Lainey laughed and prodded Isabella.

It was usually Isabella who had to get out the tent and pee outside at five in the morning anyways - Lainey had no problem. Isabella could already feel a twinges in her bladder, but didn’t want to annoy Lainey by getting up. She closed her eyes.

(Isabella’s dream)

Isabella’s mind wondered and she was back sat at her exam desk. She couldn’t seem to make out the exam questions or the people around her but she recognised the exam hall. The distinct grey slabs of concrete on the walls, and the floor marked out for multipurpose sport use. Her eyes scanned the hall and she realised that everyone was leaving the hall.

She waited till everyone had stood up beside her and did the same. She was sort of expecting to see Charlotte and Emma outside the hall waiting for her but that didn’t happen. Her feet were already taking her in the opposite direction, back to the library where she’d been before the exam.

She could now feel twinges in her bladder and tried to turn around but it felt like turning in slow motion. Eventually she got her feet to move back towards the exam hall - and in theory back to the toilets. In a matter of moments she was metres away from the girls toilet door, but she couldn’t move her feet any closer. She realised she was reliving her worst nightmare.

Isabella’s eyes shot open, she panicked. She placed her hand down to feel her crotch - She was peeing. She could feel a pool of warm liquid filling up in her black denim shorts. Isabella gently arched her back as the pee had already made its way half way up her back. She pushed her hand hard into her crotch and slowly stopped the flow.

Isabella knew she had to get out the tent immediately and so carefully shuffled around so she was facing the exit. She was trying her hardest to contain the pee in her sleeping bag but it was dark and she knew it would be no use - Lainey would find out one way or another.

By the time Isabella had unzipped the tent and got one leg out, hot pee was already flowing down her again. She knew she was totally wetting her pants. It was so quiet outside and she could hear the hissing as the pee rushed out of her. At least she’d managed to get out of the tent.

Isabella could feel the cold air battering her as she stood outside the tent. She was trying to process what she’d done. The coldness was broken by the warmth on her crotch and down her legs. Her fake tanned legs now had streaks in from the pee.

Isabella then heard noises.

‘That girl over there totally just pissed herself’

Isabella looked over and whispered. “I got stuck in my fucking tent.”

“Need a hand darling?” The other boy called out quietly.

Isabella could make out a faint light and waddled over in that direction. The group of two boys had their torches on, and another light on the floor. Isabella could now see the extent of the damage, her black denim shorts were soaked and her legs were still dripping with pee. Luckily, when she’d been laying down the pee hadn’t reached her top but her back was a little wet.

The boys were each holding a can of beer.

“There’s a cloth in their…” One of the boys said whilst pointing inside the tent.

“Wipe yourself down darling.” The other boy said.

Isabella shuffled over the tent carefully and found the cloth inside. She stood for thirty seconds and dried herself down.

“Blimey, she’s made a right mess.” The first boy said as he watched Isabella by the tent.

“Hope she hasn’t pissed on anyone in the tent.” The second boy replied, also scanning Isabella.

“I can hear you!” Isabella fired back.

“Sorry darling.” The second boy replied.

“Tell you what would be funny.” The first boy started and looked at Isabella. “We fill this empty box with whatever warm water we’ve got left and do that trick.”

Isabella looked puzzled. “What trick?”

“The hand in warm water darling.” The second boy stopped but then continued. “So…your friend pees herself too.”

“Nooo.” Isabella exclaimed. “That’d be so harsh.”

“Oh come on…it’s the last night and we want to have fun.” The first boy argued.

Isabella stood there, the pee now starting to dry on her legs, and actually contemplated the trick. Obviously Isabella didn’t know about Lainey’s accident but she thought about how Lainey had always been so composed in whatever situation she was in - and after all, this was only a bit of fun.

“Oh my god.” Isabella paused. “Can’t believe I’m agreeing to this.”

“You legend.” The first boy said.

The boys then hurried into their tent and Isabella could hear them emptying out bottles of water. Her mind kept racing and she was now thinking it was a terrible idea and that Lainey would be mad in the morning, but it was too late. The two boys returned from the tent holding a box filled with water.

“Come on then.” The first boy said, walking slowly whilst holding the box in his hands, making sure the water didn’t spill.

“You can just watch darling…” The second boy added.

The three of them made their way the short distance over to Isabella’s tent.

“Shhhh.” The first boy put his fingers to his lips. “You hold the torches.” Passing both torches to Isabella.

The tent was already unzipped from when Isabella had got out and that allowed the first boy to get in with ease. With Isabella shining the light inside, they could all see a peaceful Lainey sleeping - how that was about to change.

Whilst the second boy gently kept the tent open, the first boy gently lifted Lainey’s hand and placed it into the box of water. Isabella had also placed one of the torches on the floor, directing the light towards Lainey’s crotch area.

“So what happens?” Isabella whispered.

“We wait.” The first boy whispered back.

“She’s just going to start peeing?” Isabella asked, directing her question towards the second boy.

“Yes darling.” The second boy replied.

Isabella’s eyes then widened as she saw a wet spot appear on Lainey’s blue denim shorts.

“Guys look…” Isabella said.

It wasn’t long before the spot on Lainey’s blue denim shorts grew, she was now wetting her pants, just like Isabella had done ten minutes earlier in her sleep. The three of them watched as the pee started to pool around Lainey’s crotch before running quickly down her legs, or get absorbed into her sleeping bag.

‘Beautiful Lainey was wetting herself’ Isabella thought, how funny.

Isabella noticed how much Lainey was peeing, she must’ve been super desperate. Between Isabella’s accident and Lainey’s, they’d comfortably soaked both of their sleeping bags and the bottom layer of the tent. The boys shuffled off quickly and Isabella crept back in the tent. She found the only spot that was dry and put her head down for some sleep.

—-

Lainey eyes opened slowly, something wasn’t right - her sleeping bag was soaked. She quickly remembered the time she’d wet her leotard but thought that was one off. And luckily for her, only Emma had seen and, she’d brought a change of clothes.

“Shit!!” Lainey said, rocking up. “Isabella…erm…”

Isabella then turned over from her corner, and opened one eye.

“What’s up?” Isabella said in a groggy voice.

“Erm…I think I might have…” Lainey stopped, she was so embarrassed.

Isabella then sat up quickly, observing the damage, now in daylight. The whole tent was soaked. Lainey’s sleeping bag, her own sleeping bag, the floor.

“I think I’ve wet myself.” Lainey said under her voice. She felt around, realising her back was soaked, and that the pee had reached her top, the pee had got everywhere. Lainey had never been more humiliated in her life. She’d wet the bed at nineteen.

Lainey then saw the streaks on Isabella’s legs. She slowly moved her eyes up to Isabella’s crotch and could see the slight change in colour. Her mind raced for a second.

“Wait…I think you might have to…” Lainey said, directing her eyes at Isabella’s crotch area.

Isabella knew she’d been caught. She was waiting for Lainey to notice.

“I can explain…” Isabella said, looking down in the process.

“What…?” Lainey said, she was confused.

Isabella put her head in her hands.

“What do you mean?…you can explain?” Lainey raised her voice.

“It was me and some boys.” Isabella stopped for a second. “We pranked you.”

“Pranked me?” Lainey said angrily.

“The whole hand in warm water trick.” Isabella said softly. She knew that Lainey would be mad, and looking back had no idea why she’d agreed to go along with it.

“Fuck you.” Lainey shuffled around. “I really didn’t need this…”

“I’m sorry.” Isabella said, catching eyes with Lainey.

“Just take me home.” Lainey replied. Lainey picked up her bags, got out the tent and started walking towards the car. The trip was well and truly over.

*029*2020-03-26 22:14

{{17 minutes ago, theyellowsafe said:

Great story! I'm really enjoying where you're taking this. I know you did messing in one chapter - any chance of you having someone else mess themselves?

}}

Yeah for sure!! You got any girl in mind...? Or any scenario?

If not I'll get writing one asap!

*031*2020-03-27 20:24

Back for another chapter…

CHAPTER 10 - Bridget’s First

Olivia and her family owned a house in northern Italy, on the outskirts of a small town. The terrain surrounding the house was relatively hilly but the beaches were only a ten to fifteen minute drive away. Olivia’s family had bought the house over a decade ago and coming to Italy on her holidays was now a summer tradition.

This holiday had felt different though for Olivia. Ever since she’d moved away to university, she would return home and hear her parents discussing that they should sell the holiday home and buy something smaller, in a different location. It had played on her mind, as coming to Italy was all she knew but it was probably the right decision.

Olivia’s family had been in the house for over a month, and for the last two weeks of the trip they would always be joined by Bridget’s family. Bridget and Olivia had been best friends growing up but had grown apart during their later school years. This hadn’t stopped the mums staying best friends throughout though.

The boredom would start to get to Olivia after three weeks alone and she appreciated Bridget and her family coming; even if they didn’t get on as well as they used too. Olivia would never admit it but she was jealous of Bridget, the girl oozed beauty. It was the main reason they’d lost touch over the final school years, Bridget was starting to get a lot of boy attention and it had driven her away from Olivia.

Bridget, who was also nineteen, had long brown hair and an hour glass figure, she often pulled Italian boys without even speaking the language particularly well. She had hazelnut eyes that could seduce any man in seconds, and a cute curve to her smile that was so easy to look at. Despite being a little jealous, Olivia knew that Bridget was a natural beauty.

The families only had a few days left on their trip before heading home and both husbands had decided they wanted to take a day trip to a local football stadium - this left the girls with a day to themselves.

“What do fancy doing today hunny?” Bridget’s mum asked Bridget as she came inside from the pool.

Bridget had a black high waisted swimming costume on with a see threw strip down the middle.

“Beach day?” Bridget replied, looking over at Olivia, then back to her mum.

“I think I just want to stay by the pool today…” Olivia replied uneasily, looking back at Bridget.

“Beach day sounds good to me.” Olivia’s mum blurted out.

Bridget never meant too, but she had the ultimate control. She knew that if she convinced Olivia’s mum then Olivia would have to go along with her plan too. It was simple psychology.

“Beach it is.” Bridget’s mum said. “We’ll set off in fifteen minutes…get your towels girls.”

Bridget rushed upstairs first, followed slowly by Olivia. Olivia dragged her feet up as she went up the stairs before both girls headed to their respective rooms and collected items they needed for the beach. Olivia then walked across the hallway and popped her head into Bridget’s room.

“I’m just going to the toilet…I’ll be down in a minute.” Olivia said.

“Okay…” Bridget replied, under her voice. She also needed the toilet but thought she’d just wait until she got to the beech. She zipped her backpack up and headed back down the stairs.

Bridget, her mum and Olivia’s mum waited a couple minutes in the downstairs entrance before Olivia finally appeared with her bag.

“I’m ready…” Olivia said, as she walk over to the front door of the villa.

The four women made their way to the car. Bridget sat herself down behind her mum, who was driving whilst Olivia sat herself down behind her mum, who was in the passenger seat.

“Here’s some water for you girls.” Olivia’s mum said, whilst passing two small bottles back - one for Olivia and one for Bridget.

“Aw thanks.” Bridget replied, gratefully taking the water.

“Thanks mum.” Olivia also replied.

Both Bridget and Olivia had finished their bottles of water within five minutes of setting off from the house, but Bridget was regretting it. She’d definitely needed the water as the temperature outside was climbing, and even with the air con in the car, she could still feel the heat against her skin but the water had made her need to pee increase, and badly.

Bridget was soon bursting, and she crossed her legs to ease herself, a tactic she’d used many time before. Due to the weather it seemed everyone wanted to go the beach and they were only half way there. Her mum had already apologised a few times about the traffic and said there was nothing she could do.

‘Sorry girls, I can’t magically move the traffic for you…and I know its hot, we’re suffering in the front too. I’ve got the air-con on full right now. Just keep drinking water. Stay hydrated’

Drinking water was the last thing on Bridget’s mind right now. Her mind wondered as she was sat in the back of the car thinking to herself. She’d seen one of her friends laugh so hard she’d wet herself and one of her other drunk friends pass out and wet her pants but that wasn’t an option for Bridget - she was a sensible girl and always made it to the bathroom. She remembered back to the time she was fourteen and had to pee behind a bush, it was horrible. The thought of peeing wasn’t helping her though.

As Bridget’s mum pulled into the beach car park, it occurred to Bridget that the leather seat in the hire car started to feel damp. Bridget kept her legs tightly crossed and focused her mind. She wasn’t sure if it was the sweat on her legs from it being so hot outside or if she’d dribbled in her costume. The car quickly came to a stop.

“Finally!!…we’ve made it.” Bridget’s mum declared whilst opening her door.

“Lets get on the beach…and tan.” Olivia’s mum added.

Bridget made sure she was last out of the car, she quickly took a look back at the seat and saw the sweat marks outlining her bum on the leather. To her amusement, there were also bum marks outlined on Olivia’s seat and, where her mum had been sitting. For a brief moment, it took her mind off the fact she was desperate to pee.

Bridget stood gingerly waiting for the other three to start walking down to the beach. She didn’t want to be seen in desperate state. Luckily for her, neither her mum, Olivia, or Olivia’s mum had suspected anything, and Bridget walked a step behind them all just in case, starting to squirm with every step.

They made their way past the café, and finally onto the beach. At this point, Bridget couldn’t stand still, she was fidgeting constantly. She was stood behind Olivia, pushing her legs together whilst her mum and Olivia’s mum were discussing where the best place was to put the towels down. Bridget knew she didn’t have much time left before she was going to pee straight through her costume and was now seriously considering running into the sea and peeing in there.

A small child then ran past Bridget with his bucket and spade towards the sea, causing Bridget to move, shifting her legs out of the way. The sudden movement had caught her off guard, and that very second Bridget knew she’d dribbled a little in her costume, there was no denying it, she could feel it, a completely alien feeling to her, it was warm - she had peed.

‘I’m going to pee my pants…no…no’ Her mind was racing but she was doing all she could to stay calm. She knew if her friends back home found out she peed her bikini at the beach, they’d ridicule her, just like she had done to her friend before. To make matters worse, Olivia’s mum was pointing to a free spot on the beach, twenty metres away.

“Over there…” Olivia’s mum said, pointing to the free spot.

“I see it now…perfect.” Bridget’s mum replied with a smile on her face.

“Lets get over there quick…before someone takes it.” Olivia’s mum added.

Olivia marched over, leading the way towards the free empty spot of sandy beach. She was followed by her mum and then Bridget’s mum. They had to be careful not to stand on other families towels as they walked across the sand; but the tiptoeing helped Bridget, it allowed her to keep her legs squeezed together.

‘How could I have been so careless?…Can’t pee my costume’ Bridget thought as she walked across the sand. Why hadn’t she used the toilet in the house before they left? Why had she drank all that water in the car on the way here? These were all good questions but they had no use now; she was reaching breaking point. Bridget’s black costume was doing its best to cover the dime like wet spot appearing around her crotch.

Bridget’s mum floated her towel in the air before it gradually made its way down the sand. Olivia’s mum was quick to follow.

“Why don’t the girls put their towels down here?” Olivia’s mum was pointing to the sand behind where she’d just laid her towel down.

“Yeah…and we can leave the bags in the middle.” Bridget’s mum quickly replied.

“Perfect.” Olivia’s mum said under her breath.

Bridget slowly wafted her towel up in the air, in order to cover her body before putting it down. She was slowly losing control of her bladder and whilst the towel was midair, she leaked, properly leaked. She felt a warm sensation around her crotch, and pee started to seep out of her bikini. She could feel some small droplets slowly running down the backs of her legs.

‘Oh my god…I just peed…it’s so warm’ Hey eyes widened as the tiny droplets of pee ran quickly down her legs. Her towel was firmly placed into the sand by the time she could react. It was now or never for Bridget. A once always calm and collected Bridget was no starting to panic. She either needed a toilet, or the sea.

Olivia, who definitely would’ve loved to see this accident unfold, was already sat with her mum getting suncream applied to her back whilst looking into the ocean. Both were oblivious to the situation that Bridget had got herself into. To add to this, Bridget’s mum was already laying on her back, soaking up the sun whilst reading a magazine.

‘No no no no no…’ Bridget cried to herself internally. She was frozen still, and wasn’t sure if she could move. This time it wasn’t just a dribble, she spurted. The warm pee instantly hit her black costume, soaking the fabric before taking its natural course, gravity, and falling down her legs. She knew she was wetting herself and couldn’t bring herself to look at the darkened sand beneath her feet. Her model like figure meant nothing right now.

Bridget knew that anyone who was looking at her would be able to the droplets of pee running down her legs. Her body couldn’t take it anymore and in one last effort to save herself, she sat down - stretching out her legs in the hot sand. As her bum hit the floor, another spurt escaped from her. Bridget could hear a muffled hiss for a second as pee shot out of her, pooling in her costume, and then between her legs.

‘Oh god…I can’t stop it’ She couldn’t stop another spurt coming out, this time longer than first and more powerful. She couldn’t help but flinch every time the warm pee hit her legs - the feeling disgusted her. The sand was already starting to burn the bottom of her legs but she knew there was nothing she could do. She didn’t want to move. She had well and truly pissed herself - at the beach.

She hadn’t ever been close to having an accident before in her life but now she sat, scared to move, as a nineteen year old, uncontrollably pissing herself on the beach - and she couldn’t stop it. The pee kept spreading everywhere as it made its was past Bridget’s legs. There was now a pee trail that had run down past her feet.

Bridget had humiliated herself and it was only going to get worse. Olivia had finished getting her suncream applied and Bridget could see her ready to turn around. Bridget then willingly forced out a spurt as she stood up, the warm pee running down her model toned legs in all directions. She shuffled back over on to her towel, lying face down.

Olivia had finally got to her feet, she was ready to sunbath on her towel. Luckily for Bridget, as Olivia got up she had observed the pee trail but had just assumed it was kid who was building sandcastles, and hadn’t thought much about it. Bridget was also worried that Olivia would be able to see the pee droplets down her legs but she hadn’t, she was safe.

Despite laying face down, Bridget's need to pee hadn’t gone away, and her pee kept coming out in dribbles. She was hopeless. She was now preying to herself that the towel would soak it all up. She had completely pissed herself and even started to push a little, trying to get the pee out as quick as possible. Beautiful Bridget had finally had an accident.

Olivia was now also face down on her towel, next to Bridget, with her back to sun. Olivia had picked up a book as she made her way over. As she opened the first page, she glanced briefly across at Bridget.

“You okay?…You look in pain?” Olivia asked.

“Yeah. I’m good…just hot.” Bridget replied.

Bridget then closed her eyes as the peeing finally stopped. Relief.

*034*2020-04-02 15:58

Another chapter!!

…with a special shoutout to 'theyellowsafe’ for some inspiration!! Loved writing this one.

CHAPTER 11 - Josie’s Revenge

A small red car pulled up on the drive and the cool afternoon breeze hit Isabella as she opened the car door and got out - it was truly September weather. She quickly scampered across the drive and let herself into the house, the warmth inside hugging her like a coat. Isabella slipped her trainers off as she had just returned the from the gym.

Although she wasn’t a natural gym go-er, she’d tried to maintain her fitness throughout the summer break. Ever since Emma had taken her during their first week of university, she’d been hooked. There were noticeably changes to her body, she had started to develop a curved ass, and her hips were more curvaceous, she’d even lost a little weight on her face, not that there was much to lose in the first place.

It was coming to the end of summer, and Isabella was ready to get back to university. She was excited to be moving in with Hannah and Ellie, it was going to a fresh start. Isabella walked into the kitchen thinking about she’d enjoyed living with the girls last year but really wanted something new. There were too many moments she wanted to forget associated with that flat.

Before that could happen though, Josie was about to start her final year at school. Isabella could hear her mum and Josie talking in the garden, so she wondered out.

“Can you believe its Josie’s last year at school?” Isabella’s mum asked Isabella as she walked into the garden.

“Yes mum…I can. I’ve been there and done it.” Isabella quickly replied.

“No need for that…” Isabella’s mum frowned whist scanning Isabella, noticing her daughter in a gym kit.

“Its just full of exams anyways…” Josie butted in.

“You’re turning eighteen soon though…” Isabella’s mum said hesitantly, trying to change the subject. Josie’s eighteen birthday was still two months away.

“Eighteen…” Josie said under her breath.

Isabella rolled her eyes when looking over at Josie, she was in a mood. She knew that Josie was being difficult for no reason.

“Well you become a proper adult at eighteen…” Isabella’s mum said.

“I do what eighteen year olds do anyway.” Josie quickly replied.

“Someones in a mood.” Isabella said, still sanding in the doorway.

Isabella’s mum was flustered. “Right then.”

“I still drink…” Josie added, her words slurring slightly.

“And you’ve had quite enough!” Isabella’s mum raised her voice a little.

“Wait mum?” Isabella said, butting in. “Have you got Josie drunk?”

“It was her own fault…she said she could handle it.” Isabella’s mum replied.

“WOW! That’s amazing…” Isabella laughed.

“Im not drunk!” Josie blurted out.

“I’ve had to deal with this for the last few hours…you can sort her out.” Isabella’s mum instantly got up off her chair and wondered back inside, walking straight past Isabella.

“You’re so drunk.” Isabella laughed again.

“Am not.” Josie said, slowly getting to her feet. “I’ve only had a few.”

“You’re a bad lier.” Isabella replied, raising her eyebrows.

Josie ignored Isabella’s statement and started walking across the patio and on to the grass. She had tiny cotton white shorts on, showing the bottom of her bum and a tiny strapless white top on - the outfit was a set. Isabella observed Josie as she stumbled on to the grass before misjudging her step and falling over.

“Oh my god!!” Isabella let out a streak of laughter before quickly catching up with Josie, standing over her.

“I tripped…” Josie said, letting out a smile in the process. Both girls then simultaneously laughing.

“Are you not cold?” Isabella then asked, before realising ‘Its the beer jacket keeping her warm.’

“No…I’m warm.” Josie said back, slurring her words slightly.

Oblivious to Isabella, Josie was warm for another reason. The laughing had loosened her bladder, and in the drunk state that she was, she didn’t have complete control - letting a little dribble of pee come out. As soon as the warm pee hit the cotton of her white shorts, her brain kicked into action, stopping her from releasing anymore.

That accident in Isabella’s room had been one of the most humiliating moments of her life. She’d teased Isabella all day about her bedwetting incident but then failed to hold it herself when coming back from the cinema - and it was completely her own fault.

Josie remembered the feeling of shame when she couldn’t get her flares down in time and she didn’t want a repeat of that right now. Isabella, still oblivious to Josie’s situation, had other ideas though. She leant down next to Josie and starting tickling her. Both Isabella and Josie were extremely ticklish, and had been ever since they were young. The girls hadn’t messed around like this for years. Isabella must’ve been fourteen or so; definitely before she went through puberty and grew up.

In defending herself, Josie threw up her arms and aimed for Isabella’s arm pits - wiggling her fingers around when she found them. Isabella jerked backwards a little and started laughing. Whilst jerking backwards, Isabella swung her free leg over Josie - she was now cradled over Josie and in control.

“Got you now.” Isabella whispered whilst tickling Josie’s stomach.

“You’re going to make me wet myself…” Josie cried out whilst laughing.

Isabella assumed Josie was joking and she didn’t stop, she continued to tickle Josie’s stomach and legs whilst on top of her. Isabella had always been more ticklish when she was younger and Josie used this to her advantage, she swung herself round, turning her body and ending on top of Isabella.

“I’ve got you now.” Josie exclaimed, still laughing.

“Nooo.” Isabella cried out a little, knowing Josie was about to win the battle.

The girls were still tickling each other but now Josie was in control, she moved her hands delicately up and down Isabella’s body. Isabella was squirming and fidgeting with her every move, trying to get Josie’s hands off her body. Despite being in control of the tickling, Josie wasn’t in control of her bladder, the fidgeting and constant moving wasn’t helping her. She knew she needed to get up and inside now, the problem being that Isabella had locked her legs down and she couldn’t move.

Without even knowing it herself, Josie’s bladder had started to give in. As she fidgeted, play fighting with Isabella, warm pee was spurting out, running down her bare legs - some pee made its way on to the grass whilst other dribbles of pee seeped into Isabella’s leggings. It wasn’t until Isabella felt a warm wetness on her gym leggings that Josie realised what was going on.

“JOSIE!!” Isabella screamed, pushing Josie aside.

“Fuck!!” Josie squealed whilst sitting on the grass, pee dribbling out of her. “I can’t stop it…”

Isabella looked at Josie’s crotch and could see the pee starting to pool. Josie had wet herself, whilst play fighting.

“Oh my god.” Isabella laughed. “You’ve pissed yourself again.”

“I told you I was going to pee!!” Josie said angrily. “This is all your fault.”

After thirty seconds or so, Josie had finally stopped peeing and observed the damage. She’d really needed to pee and could see the wet spots she’d left in the grass. She quickly got up and stormed off, heading inside - any excess pee now running down her bare legs. Her white cotton shorts were stuck her legs. She’d been humiliated once again in front of her sister and now, wanted revenge.

—-

Josie had spent all evening thinking about how she’d been humiliated and now so desperately wanted revenge. Luckily for her, no one had been in the house at the time she’d had to walk through with her wet cotton shorts on. The mum had popped out briefly to buy some shopping, as she wanted to cook something special for the girls.

Josie scowled at Isabella over the dinner table whilst picking a forkful of chicken up off her plate, the mum none of the wiser about the incident that had happened in the garden. Although, she had noticed that Josie had sobered up and was back to her normal, seventeen year old girl, self.

“Tastes great mum.” Josie said, finally placing the chicken in her mouth.

“Aw thanks.” The mum paused for a second. “That’s a change in your attitude from this afternoon.”

Josie politely smiled back.

After dinner was eaten and the dishes had been washed, both girls settled down on the sofa in the living room. There was never any chit chat between them, both always on their phones, tapping away and replying to messages.

“Lets watch a movie?” The mum said as she walked in.

“Do we have to?” Isabella replied, quickly flicking her eyes up at her mum.

“Yes!” The mum replied. “Please?…for me”

“Fine.” Isabella and Josie said in unison.

The movie they’d started was a classic romcom and Isabella couldn’t think of anything worse, she just wanted to go and chill in her room, by herself. After half an hour or so, Isabella got up quickly and left the living room, heading upstairs. Josie had watched Isabella leave and knew that this was her chance to try and get revenge.

“Mum?” Josie said. “Think I’m going to head upstairs too.”

“Fine…” The mum sighed. “I’ll watch it by myself.”

Josie got up and walked to the kitchen where she threw her drink away before heading quickly up the stairs to her room. She knew her plan was simple and would only work if she got the timings right. There were two bathrooms in the house, one shared between her and Isabella and an ensuite bathroom connected to her mums room. The catch being that her mums ensuite bathroom would never be used by the girls if mum was asleep - as it would mean opening her door, walking past her bed and, more than likely waking her up.

So Josie’s plan was to wait until her mum came upstairs and headed to bed, and then take a long bath or shower. She knew that Isabella went to bed around eleven thirty and would always use the bathroom just before then. She also knew that Isabella would hold her pee until then, Josie remembered the countless times she’d been desperate and Isabella’s pee would go on for minutes.

Josie sat for an hour, twiddling her thumbs and scanning her laptop every five minutes before her mum finally came to upstairs. Josie had lived in the house long to know her routine, she’d get changed, brush her teeth and then shout from the hallway.

“Love you girls. I’m off to sleep. Night.” The mum shouted right on cue.

“Love you.” Josie shouted back.

“Night mum.” Isabella shouted. Josie could just make it out from the other side of the hallway.

‘So far so good’ thought Josie.

Time was starting to race by and Josie headed to the bathroom to start running her bath. She striped off her clothes, added some bubbles to the water then looked at herself in the mirror. She smiled. Isabella didn’t know what was about to happen to her.

After five minutes of bathing, Josie heard a noise outside the door. The door handle moved, then again.

“What are you doing in there?” Isabella asked from behind the door.

“I’m taking a bath…” Josie replied calmly.

“At this time?” Isabella asked. “I need to clean my teeth…and use the toilet.”

“Ohhh.” Josie sighed.

“I want to get ready for bed Josie.” Isabella pleaded from behind the door.

“Sorry.” Josie said under her breath. She was secretly loving it.

“How long you going to be?” Isabella fired back.

“I don’t know.” Josie stopped. “Five or ten minutes.”

“Fine.” Isabella hissed. She then headed back to her room.

Just as Josie had hoped, Isabella was desperate to pee. Coming to the bathroom at this time was her normal routine, even at university, and so she’d been holding her pee for the last couple of hours. Once back in her room, Isabella dived back on to her bed and squeezed her legs together.

‘Why is Josie having a bath at this time? ‘She’s being a bitch’ Isabella thought. She was getting angry and annoyed.

Isabella was starting to worry a little. She was still wearing her gym leggings from earlier and now wanted to take them off but she panicked and thought she might have an accident if she did. The holding had started to become uncomfortable, and the pain in her bladder was screaming out to be relieved. She crossed her legs in the hope it would ease some of the pain, but it didn’t.

Isabella knew she needed to get into the bathroom, or she was going to wet her leggings in her own home. ‘How was that even possible?’ She thought to herself.

Isabella got up off her bed and made her way to the bathroom, wincing with every step she made across the hallway. Thankfully, she made it to the bathroom without any leaks.

Isabella banged on the bathroom door. “Are you out yet?”

“Oh god.” Josie quickly replied. “You scared me.”

“Its been ten minutes!!” Isabella exclaimed.

“Oh…I didn’t realise.” Josie said calmly.

“So thats a no.” Isabella fired back. “Its been more than ten minutes!”

“I’m getting out now.” Josie said whilst purposely splashing around in the water.

Isabella was already thinking about the toilet and so hearing the splashing of water from behind the door didn’t help her; she a lost some control. A few spurts of pee fired out of her and down her, leaving wet spots on her leggings.

“What’s the rush anyways?” Josie said from behind the door.

Isabella had completely forgotten about Josie for a second, she was wrapped up in her own problem. Now she had leaked, she wasn’t sure she could stop it.

“Ermmm…” Isabella said hesitantly. “I’m fine.”

Isabella was far from fine. She knew her only hope was to do what she’d done before, back in her university bedroom, and hide her wetting. There was a visible wet spot forming on Isabella’s leggings as she scampered back down the hallway and into her bedroom. She was now wetting herself. As she entered her room, she saw one of her dirty towels on the floor, and quickly knelt on it. Isabella thought her accidents at university were humiliating but this was way worse.

Josie had heard the panic in Isabella’s voice and wanted to see what was going on. She quickly wrapped a towel around her wet body, and opened the bathroom door. She was sort of expecting Isabella to be stood outside having wet herself but that wasn’t the case. Josie then tiptoed across the hallway and stopped outside Isabella’s room.

“Thought I’d let you know I’m out the bathroom.” Josie said as she entered Isabella’s room.

Josie couldn’t believe what she was seeing. Isabella was knelt down on a towel next to her bed, her leggings glistening. Josie stood and watched as Isabella peed through her leggings.

Isabella felt sick. She’d needed to relieve herself of the pain so badly but couldn’t believe what she was doing - and now her sister had seen.

“You’re dead to me!” Isabella said, tears running down her face.

It didn’t finish there though. Josie noticed a bulge appearing at the back of Isabella’s leggings.

“Oh my god!! Are you messing yourself?” Josie laughed. All she’d wanted was for Isabella to humiliate herself and wet her panties, but this was even better.

“GO AWAY!” Isabella screamed back through the tears.

Isabella had relaxed her muscles so much, a log had just started coming out of her bum and she couldn’t stop it. She felt as it broke off, and fell into her panties before smearing on her ass cheeks. Isabella had just shit herself for the first time. She was mortified.

Isabella looked back up at Josie who was still stood there.

“You can’t tell anyone about this?!” Isabella cried out.

“I promise…” Josie remarked.

Josie’s plan had worked, and she quickly slipped out of Isabella’s room heading back along the hallway and into her own room. As she laid in bed and closed her eyes, she knew there was going to be an interesting conversation to be had in the morning.

*038*2020-04-10 20:51

{{On 4/2/2020 at 6:18 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was a fabulous chapter

}}

{{On 4/2/2020 at 8:04 PM, theyellowsafe said:

What a great chapter! Thank you again for letting me make a request.

I'm excited to see where you take it next, as well as the "interesting conversation" Josie is expecting. I love how accident-prone Isabella has become.

}}

{{17 hours ago, Manowar said:

Wow, that was great. I wonder what will be next.

}}

Thanks for the kind words!!

Apologies for the delay...just planning out the next few chapters.

Should have one ready by Sunday

*039*2020-04-12 17:52

Back for a new chapter…

Hope everyone likes this one?!

CHAPTER 12 - Maddy’s Holiday

It was the last weeks of the summer holidays. The summer had flown by for Maddy who had spent most of it working in a little café, earning and saving as much money as she could. She was saving for her ten day trip to the US to visit one of her friends. Whitney had been Maddy’s best friend growing up, they’d lived one street away from each and used to hang out nearly everyday after school.

Maddy and Whitney used to play ‘SIMS’ on Whitney’s old Mac. It took about twenty minutes to boot up but once they started playing they couldn’t stop. It used to take a phone call from Maddy’s mum to get her back home for dinner. Sometimes she’d even sneak out and walk over to Whitney’s house when her mum wouldn’t let her.

Both sets of parents had also been close, and they’d share lifts to and from school until Whitney disappeared one summer, aged eleven. Maddy remembered the day well when her mum told her to come inside off the trampoline and sat her down at the kitchen table - it all seemed very formal looking back.

Whitneys’s dad had got a promotion at work, and that required him to move to the US. Apparently he’d moved alone at first, but after a month he was followed by Whitney and her mum as they were both struggling with not being able to see him. At the time, Maddy thought why could they be so selfish, taking Whitney with them. She had a good life here, but the older Maddy got, the more she realised they weren’t just going to leave their eleven year daughter in another country.

Their friendship had weakened and then strengthened again over the years due to the distance and Maddy found it hard at the very start, she’d found new friends easily enough but none of them were like Whitney, she didn’t share the same connection with any. All that being said, Whitney and Maddy used to message when they could and this seemed to fill a void.

The girls had always been the same height growing up, in fact their parents seemed to have made it a competition, always getting the girls to stand against the wall and have their measurement taken. Despite this, now both aged nineteen, Maddy was a little taller and had won the parents competition. Whitney still had her iconic long blonde hair though and bright blue eyes. And an athletic figure. Maddy had seen the countless instagram snaps of her playing tennis at different venues across the US. Whitney still played now but not as competitively as she had done in past.

So, one night when Maddy and Whitney had been face-timing, Whitney remarked that Maddy should come over to the US and take a holiday. Maddy laughed it off at first but once off the call, she searched the internet for cheap flights and then instantly booked them. She was going on a ten day trip to the US.

Maddy’s hadn’t seen Whitney in seven years and couldn’t remember the last time she’d been this excited, the eight hour plane journey over to Philadelphia seemed to take an eternity. Once she’d made it off the plane and got through security, she spotted Whitney and her mum with no problems, getting a huge hug from the both of them

“Ahh I’m so excited.” Whitney said with a beaming smile on her face.

“Its so good to see you.” Maddy said back, also smiling.

The holiday had been a great success and they’d needed the first week just to catch up and get to know each other again. Although the phone calls filled a void for Maddy, she had forgotten what it had been like spending time with Whitney, she really was her best friend.

For their last day together, they’d driven to Whitney’s grandparents, her mum had suggested it would be a good idea and Whitney had agreed. Whitney’s grandparents had moved at the same time as her dad, just to keep him company before Whitney and her mum eventually joined. They lived a thirty minute drive out of Philadelphia on a farm. Well, it once was a farm, but they’d let the barn house go to waste and the stables were about to renovated into apartments.

“Basically my grandparents can’t keep up with the maintenance of the place.” Whitney said whilst driving.

“That’s a shame.” Maddy quickly replied whilst taking a sip of her Starbucks coffee.

“They’ve already sold the stables…three new apartments are going to be built.” Whitney sighed.

The girls had got up extra early to spend the full day on the farm. Whitney couldn’t wait to show Maddy the house and the surrounding land. At the end of the garden there was small forest that lead to a lake and, additionally, by the side of the trees was where the desolate barn was located.

“But no one wants to buy the house.” Whitney paused before continuing. “Because of the haunted barn.”

“Haunted barn?” Maddy laughed. “You’re joking right?”

“Wish I was.” Whitey quickly replied.

“We should definitely explore the barn then?” Maddy said jokingly.

“No way.” Whitney said under her breath.

“Well…if they're selling the house. It might be your last chance to look inside.” Maddy stated.

Maddy and Whitney looked at each other, and the look reminded Maddy of what it used to be like - it was like old times.

“You know the last time I went in there I was twelve.” Whitney said.

“Exactly!” Maddy said a little too enthusiastically. “That’s years ago…it can’t be haunted now.”

“I peed myself I was so scared.” Whitney added, fidgeting in her seat.

“Hahaha.” Maddy laughed and took another sip of her coffee.

‘Yeah…was so embarrassing.” Whitney’s face had gone a little redder.

“Wow. That’s funny” Maddy laughed again prodding Whitney’s leg in the process.

“I don’t even remember it. Think I’d peed without realising.” Whitney said, lying.

Whitney did remember it happening. There had been bats flying around, old boxes randomly falling, and she was sure she had seen someone in the corner blocking the way up spiral staircase to the mezzanine level. Whitney had gone into the barn alone and as she turned to run back out, she accidentally slipped, and fell. She was in a state of shock at the time, and whilst on the floor, she remembered how she relaxed her bladder muscles and started soaking her jeans. She hadn’t been back to the barn since, nor had she had an accident.

The girls had finally arrived after the thirty minute drive and Whitney pulled her car into the large driveway.

“My grandparents will probably be in the back playing with the dog.” Whitney said whilst opening her door and getting out.

“This place is huge.” Maddy stated whilst looking up towards the house.

The girls collected their bags from the back seat and started to walk around the house. Maddy was just blown away by how pretty it was. The house had trees surrounding it, and leaves growing up the walls. It had obviously once been maintained to perfection but as Whitney’s grandparents had got older, it had been harder for them to keep up the maintenance. Even after years of neglect it still looked beautiful.

The surrounding trees were giving the girls some welcomed shade, it was scorching and Maddy was grateful to get out of the sun for a minute. As they reached the garden, Whitney quickly ran over to her grandmother and gave her a hug.

“This is Maddy!!” Whitey said, gesturing over to her tall, pretty brunette friend.

“Nice to meet you…” Maddy said, a little shyly. Maddy was wearing a tiny black crop top and some denim jeans. She had some small black trainers on but had brought some sliders in her bag which she was panning to change into.

“Where’s grandad?” Whitney asked.

“He’s resting inside, it’s too hot out here.” Her grandmother replied.

“Okay…I’ll catch him later.” Whitney said, before turning to Maddy. “We’re going to get changed and head to the lake.”

“Sounds lovely. Enjoy yourselves.” Whitney’s grandmother said as Whitney and Maddy headed into the house.

Whitney then guided Maddy to the downstairs bathroom. Maddy slipped off her clothes and put on her black bikini, before re adding her denim shorts over the top. She slid her feet into her sliders and put her black trainers into her bag. She swung her bag over her shoulder and headed out.

“You ready?” Maddy raised her voice. Whitney was in the room next door, also getting changed.

“Two secs.” Whitney replied before adding. “Coming.”

Whitney had slipped into a white bikini with black lacing, some of the lacing swirled around her body.

“Oh damn, I like that. You look cute” Maddy said as Whitney came out of the room.

“Thanks babe. You look cute too.” Whitney replied smiling.

The girls grabbed their bags and headed down to the bottom of the garden, before walking slowly through the forest. Whitney hadn’t stopped talking, she had been filling Maddy’s head with information about the forest and the garden and a certain type of flower that her grandad grew.

Maddy had been listening but was more blown away by the beauty of the place, it was a breath of fresh air. The girls then came to the end of the trees and swung left, there was a little gap between some bushes, which lead them out to the lake.

“Its beautiful right?” Whitney said.

“Unreal.” Maddy replied before adding. “We’re not gonna die if we go in?”

“Nooo. I’ve been in loads.” Whitney said laughing.

Whitney wondered over to a spot by the lake and laid her towel down, she was quickly followed by Maddy. The girls then spent the next few hours tanning and taking regular dips into the lake. By lunch time the sun was beating down so hard that Maddy struggled to spend more than thirty minutes out of the water.

As the day drifted on, Maddy had got hungry and also wanted to explore the surrounding area a bit more.

“Why don’t we take the longer route back and get food in the house?” Whitney suggested.

“Sure.” Maddy quickly replied.

Maddy, who had dried off, put back on her denim shorts before slipping out of her sliders and putting her trainers back on. Whitney had also added put on some trainers and some green Nike sports shots that hugged her toned legs.

“It was getting so hot.” Maddy said, once again grateful for the shade from the trees.

“Yeah…be nice to get inside for a while.” Whitney replied, leading the way.

Whitney was walking one step ahead of Maddy and had her eyes firmly fixed on the path.

“Is that the barn?” Maddy asked excitedly, stopping and looking at a desolate building through the trees.

Whitney had hoped that Maddy wouldn’t see the barn but she had.

“Yeah.” Whitney replied hesitantly, before adding. “I’m not going inside if that’s what your asking…”

“Lets just have a look.” Maddy said persuasively.

“Fine.” Whitney reluctantly said, giving in.

Whitney lead them round the trees and to an opening where the barn sat. As they approached the barn, Maddy could see that the colour of the wood had darkened and there seemed to be an influx of flies. It was like someone had died here. Whitney, keeping at least a couple of metres away from the barn, walked Maddy the full way round it. Maddy had noticed a door round the other side, and how it was slightly ajar.

“You know that side door is still open.” Maddy said, looking hard at Whitney.

“Probably from when I ran out.” Whitney replied jokingly.

“No ones ever been in since?” Maddy asked.

“I don’t know…probably not.” Whitney replied once again.

“Wow.” Maddy said under her breath, slowly walking back in that direction.

“Maddy…noo…” Whitney exclaimed, realising where Maddy was heading.

“Lets just go in for five minutes.” Maddy said, pleading with Whitney.

There was long pause between the girls before Whitney finally agreed.

“Fine.” Whitney said. “But don’t say I didn’t warn you…and let’s hope I don’t piss myself again.”

“Hahaha shut up.” Maddy said. “Stop being a ‘wuss’, we’ll be fine.”

The girls shared a quick laugh and slowly shuffled over to the door that was ajar.

“I’ll go first…” Maddy said. She pulled the handle down and slowly opened the door. The smell hit her, she wasn’t sure if it was manure, dead wood, or just general rotting but it smelt bad, very bad.

Whitney closely followed Maddy inside, mimicking her steps. “It didn’t smell like this before.”

As Maddy shuffled forward, she quickly swayed her head to avoid a cobweb that was filled with spiders. Whitney’s mind flashed back to the time she’d walked straight into the web, she had completely freaked out. She still didn’t want to be in here, all the hairs on her arms, neck and back were stood up.

Maddy moved on forward through the barn, going the only route she could as old desks, chairs, furniture and boxes were stacked up on either side. She couldn’t see much either as the windows had been boarded up, there was only a single streak of light coming from the other side of the barn. Maddy accidentally misplaced one of her steps and had to place her hands down on a box. The box she had placed her hands into had been filled with plates and old crockery and there was a crashing sound.

“Sorry.” Maddy whispered, regaining her composure,

“Oh god. You scared me.” Whitney whispered back.

The girls kept moving forwards and there was a small sequence of dripping sounds, Whitney turned around and could make out some wet spots on the concrete floor. She scanned around, thinking about where the water could have come from.

“That water has come out of nowhere…” Whitney said.

“What the fuck?” Maddy said, in a confused state. “Must be a leak…”

“Its summer…” Whitney replied, also confused.

“Lets just keep moving.” Maddy said.

Whitey then nodded in reply and the girls carried on moving. She was still confused about the water, and where it was from. She started to play things over in her mind.

‘No…Surely it can’t be….I can’t have…wet myself’ She thought.

She moved her hand down and gently felt her crotch. ‘Oh…wait…I have…shit!’

There was a reason why Whitney didn’t want to come into the barn, she was shit scared of it. She realised she must have dribbled when Maddy crashed into the boxes. She knew her face burned red in embarrassment and she was just grateful that it was dark inside the barn. Whitney was still behind Maddy as they turned a corner but Maddy then suddenly stopped in her tracks, gasping quickly. The jolting stop by Maddy had caught Whitney off guard, and she nearly bumped straight into her but caught herself at the last second. Stopping herself from crashing into Maddy had triggered her heart to beat faster, and this time she felt it as her bladder muscles relaxed. It felt like she was living in slow motion, first she could feel the wetness as it spread round her crotch, and second; gravity then took its course, the warm pee running down her inner thighs and down the back of her calves. This place really was cursed.

There were a few splatters on the floor and Maddy turned herself round, looking back to see if she could see where the water was coming from.

“This place is weird.” Maddy said.

“I know…” Whitney whispered, as some more drops ran down her legs. She wasn’t entirely sure if she could stop it now but she was desperately trying too.

“That’s the spiral staircase by the way.” Whitney was pointing to the corner of the barn, where the rustic spiral staircase stood.

Maddy could make it out but wasn’t entirely thrilled by the look of it. It really did look like it was about to fall down.

“Doesn’t look too safe.” Maddy whispered as she kept walking in that direction over the staircase.

Whitney had been trying so hard just keep control of her bladder that she accidentally walked into one of the boxes beside her, sending it toppling over. There was a booming echo as the box crashed into the ground. Maddy swung round and let out a little scream.

“Fuck…” Maddy said, her heartbeat racing.

“So sorry.” Whitney replied.

As Maddy swung back round and started shuffling forwards again, Whitney could hear more droplets of water. She gently felt to see if it was her but she was still only wet from before, and was doing an okay job of holding any pee she could. She then heard another drop and glanced towards Maddy’s bum. Despite the darkness in the barn, Whitney could make out a darker shade to Maddy’s denim shorts from behind. Whitney didn’t want to be rude, or bring it to Maddy’s attention, after all it was slightly amusing to her. She assumed that Maddy must have done what she’d done originally and wet herself out of fear without realising.

“You okay?” Whitney whispered.

“Yeah course.” Maddy replied wholeheartedly, still heading for the spiral staircase.

Whitney who was still behind Maddy could make out droplets and little streams running down her legs. Whitney really couldn’t believe what she was seeing, Maddy was always so composed in every situation but now she was wetting herself without realising - or that’s what Whitney thought.

The reality was that Maddy had been holding her pee ever since they’d come out to the farm and she regretted having that coffee on the journey. It had been in the back of her mind that she needed to go but hadn’t gone when she was getting changed in the toilet. The last time she was in a predicament like this, she had been spurting out pee into Olivia’s bed, and she didn’t want the same outcome here but it was happening regardless of what she wanted.

The box that Whitey had sent crashing into the floor had scared her, and without realising she had spurted multiple times in her denim shorts. The pee had pooled in her bikini before seeping out. She didn’t want to look down or bring attention to it but she knew she had streams of pee running in all direction down her legs. Maddy was just hoping that Whitney wouldn’t notice what was going on as she kept shuffling forwards towards the spiral staircase, but Whitney had seen.

Watching the streams of pee run down Maddy’s legs wasn’t helping Whitney though, she spurted more out, she could now feel longer warm jets running down her legs - the material of her green sports shorts had completely stuck to her. She felt like her twelve year old self again, except this time she wasn’t by herself and she wasn’t twelve - she was nineteen. She remembered back to being twelve and how she’d ran back inside to find her grandmother, crying and saying there was a man in the barn.

Maddy had made it to the bottom of the staircase without anymore leaks, as did Whitney. Maddy was having to fully concentrate on here bladder though and knew that Whitney would see either way if she trued to make it up the stairs.

“Not sure it's safe to go up…” Maddy remarked whist gently squeezing her legs together.

“Shall we leave it?” Whitney said with a worried look on her face. She too wanted to get out of here.

“Yeah…” Maddy said, giving Whitney a half smile.

Whitney turned herself round and started heading back the way they came at a slightly quicker pace. As they shuffled back, Maddy was now behind Whitney which came as a relief. She had dribbled again, and heard a small splattering sound as the pee fell straight to the ground - neither girl stopped walking though. Maddy eyes slowly glanced down as they rounded the corner, and she saw something she did not expect, Whitney’s green Nike sports shorts were wet. Maddy observed more as they made their way to the side door of the barn, they weren’t just wet, they were glistening, she could see little spurts of pee running down Whitney’s legs.

They’d finally made it to the side door and Whitney quickly pushed it open. Both girls instantly felt some sort of relief as they’d managed to get out of the haunted barn, but Whitney had to go one further, she needed more relief.

“Oh my….I…I can’t hold…I’m wetting…” Whitney whimpered, her legs were slightly apart and she couldn’t hold on anymore, she was wetting herself.

Maddy’s eyes were fixated on Whitney’s green shorts as they glistened, pee running in any and every direction. She quickly glanced up to see Whitney biting her lip with her eyes closed. There was now a proper splattering sound and the pee started pooling around Whitney’s feet.

“I…can’t…stop!!” Whitney cried out.

The splattering sound was tipping Maddy over the edge. She was starting to lose control.

“Ohhh…Whitney…you’re making me…” Maddy stopped. “Fuck…I’m having an accident.”

Maddy’s body was frozen. Whitney could hear the hissing sound as Maddy lost control and starting soaking her denim shorts. The warm pee was racing down her legs and pooling around her.

Both the girls stood looking at the others mess.

“Shall we go back to the lake?” Whitney quietly said.

“Yeah…” Maddy whimpered.

The girls made their way back through the trees, towards the lake. Neither saying a word.

*045*2020-04-23 20:30

Thanks for the continued support!!

Sorry for the delay in getting this chapter out.

I wanted to tie up a few loose ends before I write the final parts!

CHAPTER 13 - The Conversations

Bridget’s beach day had been ruined by her accident in the morning, she’d been in the sea multiple times but somehow still felt dirty. She knew that she was probably just being too self conscious and over thinking it but she couldn’t seem to shake that initial feeling of humiliation and embarrassment. The way she’d genuinely lost control and spurted pee all over herself, it disgusted her. She could’ve sworn the pee trail she’d left in the sand next to her towel had stayed wet for the whole time they’d been there, but it was just her mind playing tricks on her.

In the end, they’d decided to return home a little after lunch. Both Olivia’s and Bridget’s mum had said enough was enough, the beach was too busy and they’d rather chill around the pool back at the villa. Bridget thought about how the journey seemed to take an eternity, all she wanted to do was strip out of her black costume and put a new, fresh bikini on. The sun was still beating down hard and Bridget couldn’t stop sweating, the sooner this day was over, the better.

“Sorry about that girls.” Olivia’s mum said whilst taking a sip of water.

“Its cool.” Olivia said quietly.

“Was just too busy…we should’ve stayed at the villa.” Bridget’s mum added, keeping her eyes focused on the road.

“Yeah…” Bridget said softly, thinking about her disastrous morning.

Finally, the car pulled up at the villa, and all four women slowly made their way inside. Olivia dropped her bag on the side and instinctively headed upstairs. She didn’t know why but she’d been so horny during the drive home and she wanted to treat herself. Once she got to the bathroom, she locked the door and caught her breath. She wasn’t desperate to pee as such, although she did feel the urge to go but knew she could hold it. She rested her back against the door and placed her hand down, gently rubbing her fingers over the bikini. With every rub she caught her breath before she decided to rub harder, letting out a sharp moan.

It wasn’t long before she moved positions, now sat, still in her bikini over the toilet. She tilted her head back a little as she edged herself. She pushed gently and warm pee spurted out into her bikini and pooling before falling into the toilet. Every imagination possible was rushing through her head as she edged closer to her orgasm but she quickly had to stop herself when she heard footsteps on the stairs. The footsteps grew louder.

“Olivia?” It was her mum.

“Just on the toilet mum.” Olivia said. “I’ll be five minutes.”

Her pussy was throbbing and she was still rubbing her clit as she said the words, hoping her mum wouldn’t realise what she was doing through her voice.

“Okay…no worries.” Her mum replied.

Olivia heard the footsteps retreating back down the stairs and proceeded to finish what she’d started.

Whilst Olivia had been treating herself upstairs, Bridget had been finding the right time to get into the pantry room and wash her costume. She knew once the costume was in the washer, she could just wrap a towel round herself and dart back upstairs to change; but it wasn’t until Olivia’s mum had gone upstairs that the time was right.

Bridget had tiptoed across to the hall and into the pantry room, the smell of washing powder and wet clothes filled her nose. The washing machine door was already open, it was half full with dirty clothes.

‘Perfect.’ Bridget thought. She quickly stripped out of her costume; it still had a damp feel to it as it hadn’t fully dried from the beach. She took one last look at it before throwing it into the washer. The door to the pantry then opened and Bridget froze, doing her best to cover her body with the towel she had been carrying in her other hand.

“OH…sorry Bridget.” Bridget's mum had opened the door expecting nobody to be inside.

“MUM!” Bridget exclaimed.

“What you doing in here?” Her mum asked, waiting a few seconds for Bridget to cover up her exposed body.

“Nothing…” Bridget said nervously, she was still a little shocked.

“…you’re naked?” Her mum asked.

“MUM! Whats with the questions?” Bridget’s face reddened in embarrassment.

“Alright…”. Her mum replied. “No need to be feisty.”

At this point, Olivia had slowly made her way down the stairs. She’d also changed her bikini and was heading to the pantry room to wash her old one - in different circumstances to Bridget though. Olivia then stopped herself before entering as she could hear voices. She stood, listening to the conversation from outside.

“Sorry…” Bridget said under her voice, looking at her mum with sad dog like eyes.

“Is everything okay?” Her mum said in a softer voice, she knew when there was an issue with her daughter.

“Erm…umm…I had an accident.” Bridget said reluctantly, her face reddening once again.

“An accident?” Her mum replied, she was confused.

“In my costume.” Bridget said, looking down. “At the beach.”

“Ohh…I see…” Bridget’s mum glanced her eyes towards the washer.

“Yeah.” Bridget said under her voice.

“Accidents happen sweetheart. I’ll put the washer on and no one will find out.” Bridget’s mum replied, slowly embracing Bridget into her arms.

“Thanks mum.” Bridget said.

Olivia, who was still listening from outside, slowly moved away from the door. She couldn’t believe what she’d just heard. Perfect Bridget had finally slipped up, and she thought she’d got away with it. Olivia’s holiday had been completely made.

—-

Isabella hadn’t slept all night. She’d been tossing and turning in her sleep. By the time she got to sleep, her dreams had been nightmares. She’d woken up in sweats, franticly checking her crotch, thinking she’d wet the bet but luckily everything was dry. She couldn’t believe what Josie had done her last night - it made her so angry. Finally, the clock in her room read 07:30, still very early for her to get up, but she decided too - making sure she used to toilet before anyone else in the house.

Isabella knew her mum was already up, she could smell toast in the air as she walked down the stairs. What she didn’t realise is that Josie was also up. Josie had been trying to sneak her wet clothes from yesterday into the washer but the mum had come down and caught Josie in the act. Isabella then made her way into the kitchen.

“Ohh…hi” Isabella said, glancing at both her sister and mum in the process.

“Morning.” The mum replied.

“Whats going on?” Isabella asked, before looking up at the clock wondering what everyone was doing up at seven thirty. It was a Sunday after-all.

“I found Josie sneaking around this morning.” The mum said inquisitively.

“…and” Isabella gestured whilst walking over to the tap to get a drink.

“Think we need to talk.” The mum said, raising her eyebrows.

“Okay…well I’m listening.” Isabella quickly replied.

“Right then.” The mum started. “It it true?”

“What true?” Isabella darted her eyes towards her sister, and then back to her mum.

“You made your sister pee herself?” The mum blurted out.

“Wait…what?” Isabella said, her eyes now focused on her sister.

“Well…apparently when she was drunk, you locked her outside in the garden and…” The mum broke off and looked at Josie.

“WHAT…NO!” Isabella took a sip of her drink. “…I tickled her in the garden, and she just…lost it.”

“Josie?” The mum raised her voice a little, turning to look at Josie.

“I was drunk…I don’t remember what happened.” Josie replied whilst smirking.

Isabella rolled her eyes and took another sip of her drink.

“For god sake Josie.” The mum broke off realising that Josie had been lying before continuing. “I’m just concerned…this isn’t the first time you know.”

Hearing these words come out of her mums mouth set Josie off. “Well…I’m not the only one who can’t control it.”

Josie’s eyes were now fixed on Isabella, and the mum slowly swung her head round.

“Isabella…” The mum said slowly.

“What?” Isabella said, crunching the wrinkles in her face.

“I know when you’re lying to me.” The mum said, seeing straight through her daughters bullshit.

“It was once at uni…” Isabella let out. “I’d drank a lot and I…yeah.”

Isabella stopped herself before revealing that she’d passed out and pissed the bed, she’d leant that sometimes in situations you couldn’t reveal everything.

“God.” The mum said under her breathe, picking another slice of toast of her plate and eating it.

“And…?” Josie said, darting her eyes at Isabella.

Isabella knew exactly what Josie was hinting at. It had triggered Isabella and she thought she might as well finish off yesterdays story.

“You want the truth mum?” Isabella said, looking back at Josie.

“Go on then…” The mum replied whilst pulling out a chair from the table and taking a seat.

“Josie was so mad about her accident that she locked me out the toilet last night…and I pissed myself and…!!” Isabella hadn’t spoken so fast before.

The mum turned to look at Josie. “Is this true…?”

Josie face reddened. “Well…”

The mum cut in before Josie could finish. “If you ever do that again…you’re in so much trouble!!”

“Whatever…” Josie replied sarcastically. “I’m going back to bed.”

Josie then got up off her seat and walked off, heading upstairs. Isabella sighed to herself as Josie walked past.

“Bring your clothes and I’ll put a wash on now.” The mum said, looking at Isabella.

Isabella started walking but stopped herself as she got to the door of the kitchen.

“Umm…Mum.” Isabella said, her voice shaking.

“What now?” The mum said, she just wanted this whole situation to be over with. She thought her daughters were past these silly games.

“There’s something else…” Isabella stopped before continuing. “I kind of shit myself as well…”

“You what…?” The mum said, she was shocked. “You two are disgusting.”

Isabella then headed upstairs quickly before returning back downstairs with sticky, shit stained panties and soaked gym leggings. What a disaster.

—-

Both Maddy and Whitey had wet themselves like little girls, both in different circumstances. Whitney mainly out of fear and Maddy out of desperation. Whitney couldn’t quite believe that her last accident had been in the barn when she was twelve, and now again at nineteen - she had completely humiliated herself. She knew she was a big girl now and that this should never have happened but once her accident had started, she couldn’t stop it.

Whitney legs had been slightly apart but the pee hadn’t fallen straight down between her legs. Her mind, like most peoples in the world, was programmed to use the toilet, so her pee came out in long jets. With each spurt of pee, some fell straight down between her legs, whilst the other streams of pee raced to the back of her thighs or down her inner legs. Maddy, on the other hand, hadn’t ever wet herself like that before, not even during the accident in Olivia’s bedroom. This had been worse. Pee had gushed out her, completely soaking every part of her lower body. She’d never been so embarrassed before in her life, her face was burning red.

Once the streams of pee seemed to stop, both girls sort of acknowledge each other before walking back through the forest. Maddy remembered that Whitney said something and that she’d murmured a reply but she was really trying hard to forget everything that had just happened. There was complete silence between the girls as they walked back through the forest towards the lake in their wet clothes.

Neither Maddy or Whitney looked at each other during the short walk back; in fact Maddy was more concerned as she still had to pee a little. Despite having her accident, she really wasn’t finished.

‘How can there be more?’ She thought to herself, her cheeks still burning bed.

As Maddy walked, she tentatively grimaced her face. Warm urine trickled out of her, luckily not as much this time, but still enough to dribble down her, already pee soaked legs. She wanted and needed this whole saga to be over. Maddy could see the clearing in the trees that led them back to the lake and was desperate to clean off in the water. It wasn’t until they got to the lake that Whitney decided to open her mouth and break the tension.

“Maddy…” Whitney started. “Do you want to…em…talk about that?”

“Not really…you just made me piss my pants.” Maddy snapped back furiously.

“Oh come on…” Whitney sighed, rolling her eyes.

“What?” Maddy blankly replied, staring at Whitney.

“You’d already…you know…wet yourself.” Whitney remarked, briefly glancing at Maddy’s wet denim shorts.

“Haha.” Maddy laughed sarcastically. “That was you…your green shorts were drenched.”

“Well…I told you I didn’t want to go in.” Whitney said under her breath.

“Right…” Maddy said. “So it’s my fault now?”

“I didn’t say that Maddy…” Whitney didn’t know why her best friend was being so weird about this whole situation.

Maddy was still angry, with her friend and herself, she knew it wasn’t her first accident in recent times but she thought she was over the whole accident saga. It was the feeling of shame that was hurting her the most.

“Doesn’t change what’s just happened.” Maddy snapped back again.

“Fine…” Whitney said, feeling a little threatened.

Whitney then turned away from Maddy, she had a predicament. Just like Maddy had done during the walk back through the forest, Whitney still needed to pee - and it was starting to come out of her. She turned her body in the hope Maddy wouldn’t see; but Maddy had noticed her slowly biting into her lip.

“U okay?” Maddy said realising something was up, before slowly gazing her eyes towards Whitney’s crotch.

“I’m…” Whitney couldn’t get her words out.

There wasn’t a lot of pee but Whitney had felt the warmth again as pee pierced through her green sports shorts and dribbled down down her legs. This was a genuine accident.

“Look…I’m sorry.” Maddy said softly when Whitney’s shorts had stopped glistening.

“Can we just go back now?” Whitney said, raising her voice a little. She could feel tears forming in her eyes.

…and get cleaned up?” Maddy added.

“YES” Whitney replied.

The girls, packed up their belongings and made the short walk back to the house. The sun was still beating down but neither girl cared, they both wanted to shower and feel clean again - and never talk about the haunted barn ever again.

*049*2020-05-09 19:29

I’m back!! … Thanks for the continued support.

Hope everyone enjoys this chapter.

CHAPTER 14 - Freshers Night One

Isabella never enjoyed packing, not even for holidays abroad, so deciding what she needed to take back to university had been a nightmare. It had mainly been done the night before, pulling boxes out of the attic and untidily folding her clothes and placing them in. Isabella had somehow convinced Josie to help too. It wasn’t exactly what Josie wanted to do on a Friday night, but she did miss her sister when she was gone and the least she could do was help her pack.

Luckily for Isabella, her mum had got up early on the Saturday morning and packed most of the boxes and suitcases in the car; the only things left to pack were Isabella’s expensive items. Isabella had thought about taking her own car to university but her mum had decided against the idea - she knew Isabella would end up wrecking it.

The car journey to Isabella’s University was only an hour so and both Isabella and Josie had put their headphones in for the duration, which let the mum have the radio on. Isabella rolled her eyes as she could hear her mum trying to belt one of the high notes in an eighties classic. It wasn’t long until Isabella recognised where they were, turning corners and nearing her new house.

As the car pulled up on the side of the road, Isabella had already spotted Hannah in the window, her long brown hair was covering her face but Isabella could make out her rather slim figure and her hoodie. The house wasn’t big by any means, it was tucked in-between two larger houses that sat at the end of the street.

Isabella’s mum got out the car first and was slowly followed by Isabella and then Josie. They all quickly headed to the boot and started unloading the boxes and suitcases. After a minute or so, Isabella’s belongings were now laid out on the pavement, ready to be taken in the house.

“Hey!!” Hannah exclaimed, smiling as she came out of the house. “You need some help?”

“Please…” Isabella quickly replied whilst holding a box in both of her hands.

Isabella was grateful for Hannah’s help and after fifteen minutes of unpacking, Isabella’s new room was now full of boxes. Isabella scanned around and thought the blank walls were extremely uninspiring but with a few pictures and decorations it would have to do. Isabella could hear that her mum had already started unzipping the suitcases and throwing her clothes into empty drawers.

After an hour of decorating and unpacking, and taking inspiration from Hannah and Ellie, Isabella’s room was finally complete. This was her new home for the next year. There was a small kitchen, pantry and living room downstairs, two bedrooms on the first floor where Hannah and Isabella would sleep and a larger bedroom on the second floor where Ellie would sleep. Hannah and Isabella would also share the large bathroom whilst Ellie had her own ensuite connecting to her room, although it was small.

“Can I stay?” Josie asked, looking at Isabella.

“Today?” Isabella replied, still looking at her phone.

“Yeah.” Josie paused. “I mean…I have my fake ID with me. I could come out…?”

“Well…” Isabella looked up, and then scanned to look at her mum.

“Fine! On one condition.” The mum looked back at Isabella. “You take care of her.”

“Of course.” Isabella said, before glancing back down at her phone.

“Thanks mum.” Josie said, before throwing her arms round her mum.

“I should be getting off anyways…leave you two girls to it.” The mum said.

The three of them headed out of Isabella’s room and back down the stairs. Isabella and Josie watched as their mum walked to the car, got in and quickly drove off. Isabella thought about how she was now free again.

—-

Isabella had moved in on the Saturday, the first day of freshers week, whilst Ellie and Hannah had already been in the house for a week. They were head of the cheerleading society, which Isabella had joined, and they’d had to set up all the cheerleading socials and events that were coming up this seamster.

It was now Saturday evening and the girls were getting ready for their first night out when there was a knock at the door.

“That’ll be Gabi.” Ellie remarked.

“Gabi?” Isabella frowned. She didn’t realise that the girls had invited people over.

“Yeah…Ellie’s got to sort something with her.” Hannah quickly added before taking another sip of her drink.

“Oh right.” Isabella said under her breathe.

“Cool.” Josie awkwardly added to the conversation.

“I’ll be back in ten minutes.” Ellie said, as she scampered to open the door.

Ellie then quickly opened the door and ushered Gabi upstairs. Gabi followed Ellie’s instructions and headed straight up the stairs, she was closely followed by Ellie. Gabi had a small frame, she was the flyer on the cheer team. For as long as she could remember she had always been the flyer. Her long blonde hair swayed as she climbed the two flights of stairs before reaching Ellie’s bedroom door.

Now sat on Ellie’s bed, Gabi thought about what was going to happen next; she knew the consequences of having an accident but she didn’t think it would be ever be her.

“You okay?” Ellie asked, looking directly at Gabi who was gazing away in the other direction.

“Yeah course.” Gabi gritted her teeth. “You know…it was just a little accident.”

“Well you know the rules Gabi.” Ellie replied. “You pissed your pants.”

Gabi didn’t want reminding of the accident. She remembered it well enough. She had been at the front of the line, waiting for someone to come out of the toilet, so desperate to pee. It was the flushing of the toilet that set her off, the warm pee just escaped, and she just couldn’t stop it. She remembered drying herself off and then getting her boyfriend to come and get her. She had been mortified, and it made her feel sick just thinking about it.

“Fine…” Gabi said, looking up at Ellie.

Ellie then pulled a nappy out from under her bed. It was the cheerleading tradition, if you’ve had an accident, you had to spend a night out in a nappy, or during practice. Luckily for Gabi, she’d be able to get hers out the way quickly and hopefully, forget about it.

“You’re going to have to lift your legs up.” Ellie said.

Gabi reluctantly pulled her jeans down and laid on her back. She couldn’t believe what she was doing but on the other hand, wanted to get it over and done with as quick as possible. Ellie slid the nappy underneath and stuck the sides down so it was secure.

“I can’t believe this.” Gabi muttered under her breathe.

“All done.” Ellie quickly replied.

“Thanks.” Gabi said sarcastically whilst pulling her jeans back up, she already hear the crinkling as she stood back up.

“I’m sure you know the rules, just for the night out.” Ellie said.

“Right.” Gabi replied whilst feeling her now enlarged jeans.

“And obviously…” Ellie paused and looked down. “You…use if if you have too…”

“God that’s disgusting.” Gabi said, rolling her eyes.

“See you later then…” Ellie said whilst walking towards her door.

She quickly let Gabi out and returned to the living room with the girls.

—-

The only thing that Isabella had been worried about was Josie’s fake ID. Josie had bought it from a girl in a year above her at school and although they had similar facial features, Josie was definitely a few inches taller. To add to this Isabella could see that Josie was already fairly drunk as they stood in the queue for the club.

“Stand still!” Isabella blurted out.

“It’ll be fine. Stop panicking.” Josie replied.

The queue quickly went down and Josie and Isabella now found themselves next in line. Luckily for the Josie, she was fine. The bouncer on the door hadn’t batted an eyelid and just waved her through. Josie took it all in as she climbed the short stairs, peering over the balcony to the dance floor below. The night had begun.

The night had been pretty uneventful for most of the girls. Both Hannah and Ellie had been catching up with the girls in the cheerleading society; Ellie thinking about how the small talk probably could’ve gone on all night if it wasn’t for the boy attention they were getting. Gabi on the other hand was starting to struggle. It wasn’t that she was uncomfortable or embarrassed, the padding had been easy to hide, it was the fact she needed to pee. All the dancing and drinking had taken its toll and at this point she knew that any normal girl would use the toilets, but she couldn’t.

She didn’t exactly have a plan as she was surrounded by her friends. But she removed herself by slowly edging backwards out of the circle.

“Where you going?” One of Gabi’s friends shouted down her ear.

“The toilet…” Gabi replied, not even hearing her words as the music was so loud.

“I’ll come.” The friend replied. After all its a known fact that girls on nights out go to the toilet in pacts.

“Don’t worry, I’ll just be a sec.” Gabi said, inching further away from her friend.

“Okay. You sure?” The friend replied once again.

“Yeah…” Gabi said, quickly hurrying to a quieter corner of the club.

Gabi’s mind froze for a second, she thought that she may as well of stayed dancing in the circle. Being by herself in the corner of the club was only going to draw attention, especially as she was now pushing her legs together. Gabi changed her mind and waddled slowly back to her circle of friends, pushing past other drunk students dancing.

“That was quick…?” Her friend shouted at her once again.

“The queue was too long…” Gabi shouted back, lying. She was starting to properly panic now, her bladder was hurting and she knew that she was going to pee sooner or later.

A matter of seconds went by when Gabi got bashed into by a group of boys trying to get past. It knocked her off balance, and she had to catch herself as she fell. As she stood back upright, it was happening, she had let go. Being knocked off balance and let het mind wonder, and she was now filling her nappy with warm urine. It was pooling around her crotch and soaking into the material of the nappy. Her legs were shaking a little with the realisation of what was going on but she couldn’t deny that the relief was sensational and the pain in her bladder was starting to ease. This only crossed her mind for a short second. She was more concerned about any leaks, or if anyone could tell she was wetting her nappy.

Time froze again and Gabi knew she was blushing hard. With every dance move, her pee sloshed from side to side in her nappy. She’d finished peeing but knew she didn’t want to stay in the club for much longer - she just wanted to get home.

—-

“Where’s Ellie?” Josie asked.

“They’re still at the club.” Isabella replied, whilst having her arm draped around Josie’s neck.

“Where’s Hannah.” Josie asked, slurring her words.

“At the club!!” Isabella was starting to get annoyed and frustrated with her sister.

They’d left the club a little early and were now on the fifteen minute walk home. Isabella was glad that Josie had come out with her but also annoyed that she couldn’t handle her drink. Josie was stumbling with every step, and was virtually being carried by Isabella. Luckily for Josie, Isabella had started to sober up, and was taking good care of her. Unluckily for Josie, she hadn’t used the bathroom since before midnight, and now, three hours later, was getting desperate.

Josie didn’t want to alarm Isabella either, especially not after their last experience together but her tight jeans were making the situation worse. She knew she had about ten minutes before a huge accident in front of her sister. The girls kept walking and Josie was hanging on, still dry. All she could think about was how the walk felt like some sort of marathon.

“Come on!!” Isabella sighed. “The house is on the next street.”

“I’m trying…” Josie replied, her legs were tired, and she was now having to walk and cross them at the same time.

“Well try harder…” Isabella said back sarcastically.

Ten minutes had passed and Josie still didn’t know how she was still holding it. It was definitely warm around her crotch but she was pretty sure it was just sweat. She could now make out the entrance to Isabella’s house but it didn’t feel like it was getting any closer and she could still feel Isabella’s arm draped round her neck, pulling her along.

As they reached the door, Isabella fumbled around in her bag to find her key. A few seconds later she managed to get the key into the door, and turn it - the front door swung open. Without hesitating, Josie skipped past Isabella, pushing her to the side, and hurried to the stairs.

Once on the stairs, Josie was already undoing the string belt that was keeping her jeans up, followed by the button. When she reached the top of the stairs she felt the first bit of warmth on her crotch, she’d dribbled in her panties. Her mind was racing and she was still stumbling but it was only a few more steps to the toilet. As she entered the bathroom, there was a loud hissing as Josie yanked her jeans and panties down. She knew her pee had sprayed on them as she’d pulled them down but she’d somehow made it.

“Wow!” Isabella remarked, as she stood opposite Josie. “Someone needed to pee.”

“So bad…I didn't;’t even realise.” Josie replied, breathing heavily.

“That’s what alcohol does.” Isabella joked.

It wasn’t long before Isabella and Josie were sharing the bed, once again friends as sisters - the night could’ve been so much worse.

