Together in Times Of Desperation (book 2 of Sarah and Will) - Page 2

*025*2020-09-14 09:04

Chapter 12:

Sarah busied herself in the kitchen making some chicken pasta as she boiled the kettle to make Will’s macchiato and her tea. She could hear him quietly next door but she already knew him well enough to know that when he set his mind to a task he liked left alone. He wasn’t used to company or even work colleagues and Sarah knew it wasn’t personal. He was just her Will with all his quirks and different ways. She glanced at the kitchen clock then called through to Will.

‘Hey handsome! I’ve made some pasta and a surprise for you if you want to take a break for a bit? Gosh I can’t believe the difference in that wall Will. What an amazing job! I could never have done that.’

Will smiled. It was good to feel appreciated, something he realised he missed hearing since living alone. Sure now and again his boss or colleagues would thank him in an email for something but everyone knew how much he hated talking on the phone, how anxious he was at meetings even to the point of being unable to speak and how much he panicked if anyone entered his office. Will loved his own company but hearing the soothing, sexy and alluring voice of his lover praising him made him feel so much taller, so much more confident, and even, for once, accepted. The latter one was the most powerful one because Will had spent his whole life feeling different, anxious and ashamed.

Will placed the rollers on the tray and took the few steps into Sarah’s kitchen, smelling the unmistakable aroma of caramel macchiato right away.

‘Is...is that what I think it is?’

Sarah winked at Will and couldn’t resist teasing him.

‘You mean the chicken pasta?’

Will sort of guessed Sarah was teasing him but he wasn’t versed in sarcasm and he couldn’t bring up any practiced phrases to reply so he smiled and kissed Sarah on her forehead and sat down. His stomach told him he was ready for food so without hesitation he sat down and immediately began eating. It was strange having food made for him and while it was disconcerting at times to lose the control of what was eaten and when, Will was grateful none the less for Sarah’s food.

With a mouth full still half eaten Will spoke without thinking.

‘You got any post it notes Sarah?’

‘Somewhere, yes. Why?’

‘Just so I can note the brand of this so I can buy it. I can add it to my Tuesday night list for the night I have pasta meals. This is delicious and I would like it again. So if you know where the post it notes are that would be great. Thanks.’

‘Will, you can’t buy this, honey. I made it myself. But I can make you some anytime or give you the recipe even. It’s really easy.’

Will didn’t want Sarah to think he was being funny but he knew from experience that trying to replicate what someone else made that he loved never worked. It never tasted exactly as he remembered and that stressed him so much he could recall entire evenings in meltdowns and anger feeling once again how much of a failure he was. He sighed and bowed his head at the memories.

‘No. It’s ok. Thanks anyway.’

Lunch continued with very little conversation, no mention at all of the sexual fun they had shared impromptu just an hour or so earlier, until Sarah attempted to break the ice.

‘Will, I’ve been thinking. Tomorrow I should get a spare key cut for the back door like you suggested. I mean neither of us want to find ourselves in the position I was in earlier do we? Though it wasn’t all bad eh?’

Sarah winked at Will with a glint in her eye.

‘You should do that Sarah. I mean what if it had been an emergency like a fire for example and you couldn’t get out? You really should have a spare key for the front door too. Just in case.’

‘I’ll do that. It was an emergency anyway really, though thankfully not a fire eh! Though you definitely set me on fire that’s for sure. Are you ok Will? You seem awful quiet? Let me get you some more coffee.’

Sarah switched the kettle on and got two mugs ready as Will spoke.

‘There’s something I need to tell you Sarah. Please don’t hate me though...’

*028*2020-09-15 09:55

Chapter 13:

Sarah made the drinks and sat attentively opposite Will. For a brief moment she allowed herself to image how things could have been had she continued to be Will’s therapist. Dating him was magical and exciting but it didn’t magically make his issues disappear. Will rarely spoke about things, not even to her, so if he had something to say she had all the time in the world to listen. She had promised him many times she would still help him even if she couldn’t see him formally. She would move heaven and earth for Will. She reached out to touch his hand which he readily took.

Will was troubled. So much had changed since meeting Sarah that at times he felt like his whole world had been flipped over. The last month felt like a dream but at times a nightmare too. Every night he tired to sleep he would lie awake in bed unable to shake flashbacks to the time he peed himself in Sarah’s car before they went on their first date, or the time he pissed in the door storage of her car because he was unable to control his need, and even worse the time he brought himself to sexual satisfaction in the office of her mum’s nursing home having watched his girlfriend squirm in desperation for a full hour. Shame and guilt consumed Will as he bowed his head and tried to find the words to talk to Sarah.

Sarah ran her thumb along the back of Will’s hand gently. She looked at the fingers which often stroked her in places no man ever had before, the palm which had pressed against her rock hard clitoris and driven her crazy with desire, the finger tips that swirled on her vaginal lips and made her dizzy with desire. Just stroking and touching Will’s hand set her heart on fire. She tried to cast her lustful thoughts aside as Will’s voice once again sent her head in a whirl of sexual excitement.

‘I’m sorry I let you down Sarah.’

‘Will, you don’t let me down. What makes you think you do?’

‘I’m a failure Sarah. You deserve better.’

‘Will, you are not a failure. You have just decorated a full wall of my lounge perfectly. That’s not a failure, is it? You have a well paid job where you are well respected and successful. That’s not failure, is it? You own your own apartment and maintain it spotlessly single handily. That’s not failure. You drive a very posh, expensive car. That’s not failure in anyone’s books. You are handsome, intelligent, practical, gentle, kind, sexy and my God you give me the most incredible orgasms...none of that is failure in any way, is it? So what makes you think you are a failure, my friend?’

‘My penis.’

‘Go on.’

Will paused to drink his coffee while it was still warm. His heard was racing and his back sweating. He’d got this far, he may as well blurt it all out now.

‘It fails me all the time. Always has done. Right from when I was 10.’

‘You mean from the day you had an accident in school?’

‘Yes. I just don’t understand Sarah. I never have done. Why when I was bursting for the toilet that day would my penis not work? Have I got a faulty one? I hate it.’

Tears began forming in Will’s eyes as the weight of his burden spilled out.

‘I don’t trust my own body Sarah. Sometimes it works when I don’t want it to like when I had that accident in your car. You know I have so many suits for work Sarah because you know I can’t use the toilets at work. Until I met you I didn’t even have the courage to find them. I know where they are now but I still can’t quite bring myself to use them. That sounds like a failure to me. I am so bloody desperate to piss when I get home from work everyday that many times I can’t even get my fly undone in time. What sort of man pisses himself in front of his own toilet? 

One time I started pissing going up the staircase leaving a trail of pee all the way to my front door. I thought the neighbours were going to bang my door and get the police to speak to me that whole week. I cried like a baby every night for a week then. My penis is broken Sarah. It must be. Even using the photo of my toilet at home like you suggested hasn’t helped. I still can’t piss anywhere except home, well unless you are with me that is. Even if you are with me I don’t usually end up using a toilet do I?’

Sarah wanted to answer but before she could Will took a breath and started again.

‘It’s not even just peeing either. I’m a failure at the other stuff too. I had the TV on one night because I couldn’t sleep. It was a film of some sort with a scene with a woman stripping off. I watched it Sarah but you know something; I didn’t even get hard. Nothing. Not even a little bit. But if I go onto porn hub and type in ‘woman desperate to pee’ I get so aroused I cum after the first or second video. If you so much as squirm, or cross your legs, and lord knows if you say you need the bathroom at all, I am rock hard and shaking with desire. That’s not right is it? That’s why I am a failure.’

Once again Sarah was ready to reply but once again Will continued.

‘I let you down Sarah. I pissed myself like a baby before our first date. I ruined your car by pissing in the door storage. I wouldn’t even allow you to finish watching a film at the cinema because I couldn’t hold my bladder. God I even pissed in a sink in MacDonalds and all over the hand dryer. What sort of idiot does that? And there’s something else...remember the Saturday I went to your mum’s nursing home with you? Remember you were desperate for the toilet but you didn’t want to leave your mum and then we had that meeting and you heard that really awful news? Do you know what happened when, who was it? Mandy? Yes that was her! When she took you to the toilet and I was left alone...

My penis failed me that time too you know. I’m so so sorry Sarah. Really I am. You need to know that I didn’t mean to be disrespectful or anything. It’s just...’

Will couldn’t find the words anymore as he rested his head face down on the table and sobbed into his hands.

‘Sarah I masterbated in the office that day and lost control. I’m so very sorry.’

*030*2020-09-15 11:49

{{1 hour ago, wannawatch said:

Will thinking his behavior, his thoughts and feelings not being as they should be.. What a truly wonderful thing to weave into the story!

}}

Will be interesting to see how Sarah reacts. Real people, real scenarios and some very real thoughts and actions go on with these two. So glad you are enjoying it! Thanks for commenting!

*033*2020-09-15 18:42

{{2 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

}}

Plenty still to come so don’t get too worried

*035*2020-09-16 08:54

Chapter 14:

Sarah pushed the two empty mugs aside, moved from her chair, and walked round beside Will, put her arms around his neck, and stroked his hair as he cried. Tears were healing and while she knew Will had no need at all to feel guilt or shame he needed to release his own fears and insecurities right now and know it was ok. Seeing him so vulnerable drew her even closer to him. Hearing her lover cry touched her heart deeply.

Will couldn’t stop the tears. Years of frustration, fear, isolation and anxiety consumed him as past events blurred in his mind and overloaded him. Shame and guilt had consumed him for almost twenty years making him a prisoner to his own anxieties and insecurities. He’d never told anyone any of this, but then he’d never realised quite how deep it all went until he met Sarah. He let the sobs fall freely feeling the tender touch of Sarah’s hand on his hair.

‘It’s ok Will. It’s all ok.’

Will felt alone as Sarah’s hand lifted. His head still buried in his hands on the table, he didn’t dare look up. Had she walked out and left him? His mind told him that was all he deserved though his heart tried screaming to him that he couldn’t let that happen. Finally he lifted his head to see if she was still there.

Sarah felt her eyes filling thinking of all that Will had just said. How could he think he was a failure? He was the best thing ever to happen to her! Did he not realise how much she loved him? Did he not know by now that she too found pee desperation so erotic and that there was nothing to be ashamed of? Had she not reassured him enough, explained to him clearly enough, made sure he understood how much he meant to her? Letting go of his hair she walked to the windowsill and picked up the small box of tissues she kept there. Placing the tissues in front of Will she opened a cupboard and filled a glass jug with cold water and took two glasses to the table. It was what she did as a counsellor and instinctive.

As she sat down Will looked up finally.

Sarah reached out with a tissue and dabbed Will’s cheeks dry.

‘Will, have you heard of something called Omorashi? You are absolutely not a failure honey. Not even for a moment. You, and me, and so many others too, get turned on by something many don’t understand. There is nothing wrong about that. Everyone is different.’

Sarah paused and winked at Will, smiling.

‘Some people like obsidian black washing up bowls, others like cheap blue ones from the supermarket or discount store. It doesn’t mean one is a failure does it? It’s just different. Peeing in my car door isn’t a failure, actually I thought it was incredibly hot personally. Peeing yourself in my car on our first date? Haven’t I told you how horny that made me Will? Wankig yourself and getting off thinking of me in the nursing home office? Goodness you do know I masterbate in my office at work thinking of you often don’t you? Sometimes our bodies just get to a point of no return Will. We’re only human after all. Did you harm anyone? No! So it’s fine. No-one needs to know do they? As for thinking your penis is a failure; well let me assure you not only is it the most erotic penis I have ever seen but when I see it piss like a fire hose it makes my whole body want to devour you. As for when it’s inside me, well let’s just say it brings me more pleasure than I ever knew existed.

Now I don’t know about you Will Highland but I could sure go some fresh air right now. How about we have some water then go for a walk? Forget the decorating just now and give the wall some time to dry. I’ll just stick the dishes in the dishwasher first. What do you say?’

Will didn’t reply verbally but he dried his eyes, poured out and gulped down a glass of water and stepped out his overalls again while Sarah finished her water, put the lunch dishes in the dishwasher and grabbed Will by the hand, pulling him gently into the main room.

‘I guess we’d better move the furniture finally so we can get out.’

Will lifted the dust sheets, pulling the furniture away from the blocked door one by one, before covering them all again with the dust sheets. As Sarah pulled the door open finally, Will glanced over at the paint tray and rollers before Sarah pulled his hand.

‘It’s ok to leave it for a bit Will. Trust me.’

*037*2020-09-17 10:17

Chapter 15:

Just go for a walk’ wasn’t in Will’s vocabulary. Will planned everything in detail, worked to a routine and liked order and predictability. Leaving something unfinished caused hm anxiety and trusting someone else was even harder still. Yet there was something exciting about being lead outside on a Monday afternoon with the clouds scarce and the sun bright and being pulled gently by a beautiful sexy auburn princess. As his eyes adjusted to the outside brightness and his body warmed from the sun’s rays Will’s heart beat fast with excitement and anxiety. Where was Sarah taking him and how long exactly would it be before he could get back on schedule with the decorating?

Adrenaline pumped through Sarah as she pulled Will away from the confines of her small but cosy home. It felt incredibly freeing to be able to just walk out of her own house on a Monday afternoon without responsibility after years of caring for her mum then working very long hours to build up her counselling business. Sarah couldn’t recall the last time she could just ‘go for a walk’ because she felt like it. It was liberating but she still felt a little naughty and cheeky. She was often advising her clients to get more fresh air and enjoy nature more and for once it was time she took her own medicine.

Will loved hearing Sarah giggle like a little girl as she lead him down the street she lived on, round the corner, past a children’s playing park and down a lane.

‘Will, when was the last time you were in woods?’

The question made Will think and he stood still while his brain worked overtime. He was raised in the city, an only child, a quiet boy preferring his own company. Had he ever actually been in woods? He couldn’t recall.

‘Hey, you can walk and remember at the same time Will, can’t you?’

‘Not really.’ Will smiled back. Whilst still standing still he had more thoughts.

‘Sarah I think we should go back. I haven’t got my phone. Or my wallet. Or my car keys even. The wall will be dry now and if I don’t start the next wall I won’t get finished today. What if it rains, or we get hungry or thirsty. What...what if we get lost?’

Sarah, who was now a few steps ahead of Will, took a step towards him and reached out to take his hand again. ‘Will, it’s fine. It’s a walk. You don’t need your phone, or money and you definitely don’t need your car keys honey. Now trust me.’

Will wasn’t sure. He looked down at the ground, kicking a small stone with his foot anxiously. A cloud momentarily hid the sun and a cool breeze sent a small shiver over Will, who was only wearing a short sleeved t-shirt since removing his jumper before starting painting. He wasn’t sure if he was talking to himself or Sarah as he muttered quietly.

‘But...but what if I need to use the bathroom?’

*040*2020-09-18 09:24

Chapter 16:

‘We’ll be back soon enough Will. It will all be ok. You’ll see.’

Sarah shivered slightly hoping the cloud that was blocking the sun’s rays would move quickly. Like Will she only had on a short sleeved top and her gym leggings and she’d completely forgotten that her underwear was still damp from wetting through it earlier. That explained why her vagina felt damp and cool and tingled but if she kept moving it wasn’t quite so bad. Will was still hesitant so she tugged his arm a little more and leaned over to whisper in his ear.

‘I really should have changed into dry panties before we left home. The cold and damp cotton is making me all tingly!’

Will loved exercise but he was much more comfortable doing it in the privacy of his own home where he was in control. But in the slight breeze he spotted Sarah’s nipples harden through her top which made him smile and then when she whispered and reminded him that she still had damp knickers from peeing through them earlier he swore his penis twitched in his trousers. It had to be sexual stirring surely since it hadn’t been more than a couple of hours since he’d emptied his bladder in his own basin. Will cherished Sarah’s touch as he increased his pace to now keep up with her as he moved his arm casually in order to take her hand.

Just ten minutes later they were surrounded by trees and Will paused to take in the natural beauty.

‘Wow. This place is so beautiful Sarah! There must be at least fourteen shades of green here alone; forest green, moss green, mantis green, mint green, and that leaf is most definitely myrtle green...It’s just...stunning!’

Sarah stood still looking every bit as much at Will as she did the woods. As he cast his gaze around 360 degrees he seemed to stand and move awkward, a hand in his pocket rather than at his side and an ever so slight tension in his voice. But he seemed genuinely happy to be here and she breathed a sigh of relief as she watched him. Standing still another slight shiver ran over her and she felt the need to move from foot to foot. That same tingling between her legs was back again, a sort of acute awareness of her crotch that she otherwise never seemed to feel. She purses her lips a little assuming it to be the fact her underwear must still be damp. There was so much more of the woods she longed to show Will so she hoped that whatever was causing the heightened feelings would ease when she started walking again.

‘This is just the start Will. A few years ago when mum started forgetting things I would bring myself down here to clear my head. I can’t believe I haven’t brought you here before. There’s a stream a bit further too. Come on. I’ll take you there.’

Will wasn’t sure if it was the idea of a stream or the fact he had short sleeves on and it was cool outside but that tingling feeling in his penis must have been more than slight sexual desire because, try as he might, the feeling wasn’t going away. If anything it was increasing and subconsciously he’d found himself holding and touching himself through his pocket. He wasn’t going to mention to Sarah, it was too embarrassing for one thing and besides he wasn’t going to ruin the beauty and magic or the romance by suggesting what he thought was the matter.

A stream sounded perfect, in more ways than one.

*042*2020-09-19 08:41

Chapter 17:

Sarah hadn’t recalled the stream being quite as far away before. They’d been walking a while now and she was beginning to doubt if coming was the right thing after all. Her legs felt antsy, her stomach full, and that tingling sensation from earlier kept increasing. She paused as Will picked up yet another leaf and gazed at it. Standing still wasn’t comfortable as suddenly the reality hit Sarah hard: the dampness between her legs had been so distracting she’d not even realised that it wasn’t just the cool breeze making her feel she had to keep moving, her body was clearly nursing a full bladder just hours after she had pissed in her own kitchen earlier on. As embarrassing as it was she had to hint to Will about heading back because the thought of trying to hold until home suddenly seemed like it would be very hard indeed. Sarah waited for Will to get close enough before debating wether to tell him or not.

Things were getting more and more awkward for Will. Even with a hand in a packet touching his own penis the tingling and urges were not easing. They had been walking a while now with no sign of any stream, just more of the same trees, path and undergrowth. While they were alone they were also never truly alone as dog walkers passed nearby often. In truth Will wasn’t terribly keen on even finding the stream now as he knew hearing and seeing running water would only increase the pressure he could feel bearing down on his testicles and penis.

With Sarah a few steps in front he bent to pick up a leaf, not just because it was pretty but in order to gain some privacy for a quick squeeze to try and subdue the now constant feeling of needing to pee. He’d never pissed in the woods but his mind was examining every tree not for its colour or texture or shape but more thinking of how suitable it would be to pee on. That wasn’t something Will was willing to do though, not with the risk of strangers seeing him and especially not thinking how it may embarrass Sarah. He’d never in his life pissed against a tree, or even outside, and he knew only too well how hard doing it for the first time would be. What if he stood there out in the open, exposed to the elements, and once again his penis failed him? That was a risk he absolutely refused to take.

‘I don’t think it’s much further Will, but if you prefer we can head back? Actually maybe heading back would be better. All this walking is making me a bit...thirsty.’

Will smiled anxiously glad to not have to mention why he was happier to be heading back too. The fresh air was invigorating and the exercise refreshing but the way his bladder was filling was increasingly uncomfortable and distracting. As Sarah approached and took his hand in hers it felt special and comforting but it would also be much more awkward to hide how much he wanted to pee.

Sarah couldn’t risk Will slowing her down on the walk back. They’d been walking about 40 minutes by her calculations and she knew squeezing her muscles that long would be a challenge without any added delay from Will. She winked at him and took his hand, entwining her fingers through his.

‘It’s not as warm as when we left anyway is it? We can find that stream another day. It is lovely but I definitely think heading back is the right thing today.’

Will wasn’t arguing as he increased his pace to keep up better with Sarah and in doing so missed his footing slightly.

‘You ok Will?’

‘Yeah. Just not used to the uneven ground still. Too used to walking on a flat treadmill I expect.’

‘They have their uses but you can’t beat fresh air and this scenery though. What do you think?’

‘But you can stop and get off if you..’

Sarah looked at Will but he didn’t finish his sentence. She let it hang not sure what he was wanting to say but more keen to keep walking. She decided after a moment of silence to just change the subject.

‘Will, I’ve been thinking. I was going to cook a curry tonight if you wanted to stay. That’s what you eat on a Monday isn’t it? It’s just jars I have though,I’m afraid. I’m sure you’ve got it all already at yours though haven’t you? I never could be as organised as you are. I think we should leave the decorating for today. It’s just me obviously so I’ll leave the lounge as it is tonight and just chill on my bed and maybe watch something on my laptop if I feel like it. I know you wanted to get much more done but...well we sort of got distracted didn’t we. But nothing I regret. You aren’t regretting anything are you?’

Will’s head was spinning. The sensory input from the outside environment, the barrage of questions from Sarah and the unrelenting pressure from his bladder combining to make even the simplest of communication hard. As Will processed and worked through the overload he began in reverse order.

Facing away from his lover in the hope she wouldn’t hear he muttered into the air.

‘The only think I regret right now is not using your toilet before we left.’

*043*2020-09-20 09:18

Chapter 18:

Sarah hadn’t made out fully what Will had muttered but she thought she’d heard the word toilet, which immediately made her own bladder contract and she increased her walking pace slightly. They hadn’t even got to the end of the woods when she felt Will pull back again. Reluctantly she let his hand go and paused to see if he was ok.

Will could feel his trainer loosen with each step but his concentration was much more on his bladder so by the time he processed fully how loose it was his foot had walked right out of his trainer and he had to suddenly let Sarah’s hand go and stop. As he bent down to reach back for his trainer he impulsively rubbed his penis which demanded attention yet again. He was used to being bursting at work all day and even driving home desperate but rarely did he ever have to walk far this desperate. He slipped his trainer back on and tied his laces as his eyes caught Sarah’s feet in front which were bouncing up and down and moving continually.

Now Sarah could see what had happened as she watched Will pull on his trainer and tie it. Checking around to make sure no-one could see she slid a hand between her legs and pushed against her throbbing crotch as her feet bounced and moved continuously. Things were getting more and more urgent and harder to hide. She needed to remove her hand as she saw Will stand up but somehow she just couldn’t manage.

Will’s eyes moved from Sarah’s busy feet to her rubbing knees and then his eyes lit up as he caught his gorgeous auburn princess with a hand between her legs holding her crotch just like she had done a few hours previously in her kitchen. Will knew immediately what was wrong so it was no surprise when Sarah bit her lip and crossed her legs and matter of factly announced that she really needed the toilet.

Will took a step closer to avoid being overheard and with a hand over his own crotch and his knees a little bend whispered into Sarah’s ears.

‘Me too.’

‘Let’s speed up Will. I really need to get back.’

‘Me too’.

Will reached out and took Sarah’s hand again, carefully placing his fingers between hers. They started walking briskly again in the direction of Sarah’s house when Sarah took Will by surprise.

‘Have you ever peed outside Will?’

‘Up until I met you, no. And only then that one time crouched in front of your car outside the cinema. I will never forget that as long as I live you know.’

‘Me neither. Will, the thing is, I’m not sure if I can hold this all the way to mine. I’m really really bursting.’

Will clenched Sarah’s hand even tighter.

‘So what are you thinking?’

‘Will, I have a respected job and my neighbours know me. It’s broad daylight and I don’t want to walk home having wet myself. There’s nowhere to go after we leave the woods so I really don’t think I have a choice right now. If you can wait until we are back at mine that’s fine but I am so nearly wetting myself with every step. I’ve been desperate since we arrived here.’

Sarah paused, bounced on the spot and grabbed her crotch again. Will was seriously aroused yet again but equally concerned for his girlfriend. This was different to them having fun inside or even in the car. This was risky, exposed, daylight and scary. As he watched Sarah he tried to think what was best. What if she really did wet herself and someone she knew, maybe even one of her clients, saw her? That could damage her reputation so much and Will understood that well. But what if she went in the woods and someone saw her? That carried equally high risks too. Will didn’t know what to do as he squeezed his own penis through his trousers as Sarah silently danced in front of him out in the open.

‘This is why I don’t do walks Sarah.’ Will commented, but then immediately regretted it.

*044*2020-09-21 09:45

Chapter 19:

Sarah, thankfully, saw the funny side despite her urgent state.

‘Well they usually don’t result in this Will. I guess we should have gone before we left. Look, I don’t know about you, but I honestly can’t hold this any longer.’

Walking closer to Will as she squirmed, and checking no-one was in ear shot, Sarah whispered.

‘Help me find a tree to pee behind Will. Please!’

Will looked around, one hand clamped tight over his erect penis as the noises and slight moans of his girlfriend’s desperation turned him on greatly. What sort of tree was Sarah wanting him to find? A yew tree with its spread out branches but thin leaves, or maybe a sycamore tree with its tall but thinner trunk, or was she wanting an oak tree with its wider routes and broader trunk to hide behind? He was spoiled for choice, even more so if Sarah included shrubs and bushes. Unsure what was best and sensing Sarah’s urgency he cleared his throat and asked.

‘Which tree honey? There’s loads!’

‘Will, I know that! Just let’s find somewhere, ANYWHERE where I can go without anyone seeing. You might be able to wait but I absolutely cannot!’

Sarah was stressed, frustrated and getting more annoyed at Will by the second. Her urethra was throbbing so fast and hard against her still damp knickers it was like a volcano about to erupt any second. Why did Will need everything explicitly explained in detail? Could he not just pick up on even the most simplest of social clues? She couldn’t wait for him to rate trees for their suitability or work out their trunk circumferences in relation to her body size. This was an emergency! She’d just have to deal with things herself!

Ignoring Will Sarah clambered off the pathway to the nearest tree she could find and,hiding behind it as best she could, she hunched down and began pulling her leggings and knickers down as she heard leaves rustling. Tightening her weary urethra as best she could she paused and looked past the tree seeing that Will had disappeared. With no time to care where he was she grabbed the waistband of her clothing and pulled both items past her bottom and thighs and down to her knees. She was just about to relax when a voice interrupted her.

‘Can I join you?’

Sarah jumped as the voice sent shivers down her whole body which in turn sent urine cascading out of her vagina splashing loudly in the undergrowth beneath her feet.

As Sarah ran towards a tree a strong violent spasm came over Will as he knew he too needed to piss so urgently. He’d never pissed behind a tree, or even in the woods at all, having been brought up to believe that peeing anywhere other than a bathroom was disgusting. But his bladder ached, his dick twitched in urgency and he could feel urine right at the very tip about to explode. Gripping his personal area as tightly as possible he followed Sarah behind the tree, unzipped and watched her in awe, his apparatus exposed to the afternoon air and ready to fire.

The sound and sight of Sarah erupting was something Will knew he would never ever forget. It was erotic, mesmerising and utterly beautiful. Seeing her bare bottom exposed and pushed back, her legs bent, her hands holding her clothes at her knees, her feet astride as torrents of liquid soared from her open privates at force made him want to fuck Sarah so hard and urgently. Her sigh of relief was the last straw.

‘Oh my God that was astounding! Show me how...show me how to do that please Sarah.’

Sarah felt so much better now. The stress, tension and pressure suddenly relieved she shook her body then pulled her clothing back up, all the time gazing at Will whose hand surrounded his dick like his life depended on it. She knew he needed to pee, probably ever bit as bad as she had moments before, but so much held him back. He couldn’t continue life as he was and they both knew it. She’d promised to help him and once again he needed her support.

With her voice low, reassuring, and gentle, Sarah was determined Will would master this most fundamental and ancient of skills: pissing against a tree.

‘Will try and relax. Broaden your legs a little. That’s it. Like you are standing at a urinal. Let nature take its course honey. Don’t think about where you are. Maybe try closing your eyes? Don’t hold it too tight. Just aim him. That’s it. Now breathe Will. Deep breaths, in through your nose and out through your mouth, like I showed you before. Don’t think about peeing. You overthink it honey and your body clams up. Pretend I’m not here.’

Will listened and did exactly as he was told. But still his penis seemed to fail him.

Flustered and frustrated Will leaned forward and rested his forehead on the trunk of the tree.

‘I give up. I told you I am a failure Sarah.’

‘Will you are not a failure. Do you want to go back to mine?’

‘I...I can’t. You know what will happen if I try that. The same as what happened in school.’

Breathless and broken Will sighed a deep despondent sigh.

‘I’m dying to piss. Honest I am. Absolutely bursting. Unbelievably desperate. I need to pee so much. Why can’t I do this Sarah? What’s wrong with me?’

*047*2020-09-21 20:45

{{3 hours ago, wannawatch said:

The descriptive eroticism is of a whole new level.. Beautiful!!

}}

I confess I am having a great time writing this!

{{2 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

I missed the 3 chapters due to travel but now that I am at it, I am anxious. So much happened already and despite knowing that Will is struggling with his own complexities, I can't stop imagining how sexy the overall scenario is. Terrific writing, absolutely charismatic characters! Can't wait for the next part . .

}}

It’s great to have you back! Knowing that others have connected with Sarah and Will and feeling the scenes really encourages me and inspires me to write more.

Please know that every comment and reaction means the world to me as an author so thank you for taking the time to connect with both myself and the story.

*048*2020-09-22 08:59

Chapter 20:

Sarah’s heart went out to Will so much. She knew as well as Will did that if he was to zip up and walk away he wouldn’t get more than five minutes walk away before his body would cave in. It was Will’s greatest fear and while he did have spare clothes at Sarah’s walking in public with drenched clothing wasn’t something either of them wanted. Will had enough struggles already without adding to his troubles.

But Sarah wasn’t even sure what she could do to help.

Will rested his forehead on the tree trunk in frustration, his hand still clutching his penis and aiming it downwards. Was it the hyper awareness of being outside, or his mum’s voice in his head shouting at him that he should hold until home no matter how much he had to go, or was it simply that his mind couldn’t relax unless he was in his familiar and comforting bathroom in his own apartment? Whatever it was he feared he was a life long prisoner to his own body and he wanted the ground to swallow him up right now.

Sarah rubbed Will’s back keeping a vigilant look out for anyone passing by. If only she had let Will bring his phone he could have brought up the photo of his toilet at home and visualised himself there to try and help. It had been her idea and one he was working hard on using, with some limited success. Another strategy was concentrating on his breathing but even that wasn’t working right now. Earlier on at her house she’d got him to relax by talking but out in the open that might attract attention which neither of them needed. The longer Will stood with his body exposed the bigger the risk of them being caught. She needed to think quickly!

‘Will, this might seem silly but it has to be worth a try babe. Are you willing to trust me?’

‘I...I don’t....I don’t have any other option. This is agony!’

Sarah kept her voice low and sheltered Will with her body as much as she could behind the tree.

‘Will, undo your trousers and try pulling them down, your underwear too, the same way I just did. I won’t let anyone see, promise.’

Reluctantly Will undid his clip, rubbing his thighs and squirming as he did. He then undid the top button on his fly and grabbed at the waist of his clothing pulling them down his thighs slightly. Sarah quickly scanned around before turning to see Will.

‘Lower Will. To your knees like I did. Remember how I squatted? Close your eyes and think about the way I hunched down with my trousers around my knees and my bottom dangling. That’s it! Now cup your penis with your hand so that any flow arches over your trousers. Brilliant. Now don’t think about it and...Will that’s it!’

Will listened intently to every word Sarah said and concentrated hard on following her instructions step by step. He’d loved the way Sarah had crouched on her knees with her trousers hanging and her bottom dangling in mid air. It was a sight now engrained on his brain forever and one he knew he would replay in privacy for his own enjoyment many many times. But right now it wasn’t making him hard despite it being one of the most erotic and hot things he’d ever witnessed. The pain and pressure in his bladder was overtaking everything else right now and all Will could think about was doing exactly as his lover, or master, instructed.

Cupping his twitching and aching penis in his hand he guided it gently to aim over his clothing as, hunched like a girl with his bottom barely off the ground, he finally felt a long spurt escape. As wonderful as that felt it startled him and he momentarily lost his balance as his backside fell flat onto the undergrowth sending urine firing into the air like a burst street pipe.

Will didn’t know wether to laugh or cry as Sarah placed her arms at the back of his shoulders and pulled him up as his penis fired warm pee everywhere without stopping. His body felt like an out of control garden sprinkler firing liquid into wild flowers, bushes, leaves and all around the tree trunk in every direction.

Sarah tried to stifle her laugh so as not to draw attention to Will’s plight but seeing a grown man lying on his back shooting pee high into the air at force was hilarious and very erotic. Hearing it splash against nature was a sound she never wanted to forget as she attempted to steady Will and keep his clothes as dry as possible.

Finally Will stopped peeing as he turned his head slightly, sweat drops covering his face as he leaned towards Sarah and kissed her, his penis still hanging down and his clothes still at his knees.

Will pulled away first, laughing loudly, as he attempted to regain his balance, stand up straight and make himself decent again.

‘You feel better now honey?’

Will sighed contentedly. ‘So much so!’

Will linked his arm in Sarah’s as they walked back to hers, happy, relaxed and contented.

‘Sarah, I need to ask you this. Did you get training on therapy like that at university? You are a bloody A star student you know!’

Sarah laughed. For all Will drove her crazy at times he had the most wonderful sense of humour she had ever come across. How had she ever got through life without him?

