Tamara's Troubled Travels

Author: Mickey

*000*2018-12-07 11:32

For @Peefreak

, here's the story of a woman in her 30s on a long car ride, becoming increasingly desperate to pee. No wetting, focuses on the relief as requested. I couldn't help but add a prolonged desperation - I hope you enjoy it!

[Disclaimer - All inaccuracies and impossibilities about the driving route are the fault of Google Maps :-P]

===== BEGIN =====

For the hundreth time, Tamara cursed her decision to make the long drive from Tuscon to San Francisco. Squirming to find a position that didn't stress her overfilled bladder, she longingly thought of the immediate relief available on planes. No crossing your legs and praying you find a rest area nearby - you can just walk up, relax your muscles and embrace the relief of an empty bladder. Well, unless there's turbulence she reminded herself wryly, as she pressed her thighs close together. The thought of relief had nearly caused an accident, but for now Tamara's long, chocolate colored legs twisted in to a pretzel did the trick. Hopefully the seal will hold till the next rest area.

Well, not like the 32 year old curvaceous beauty with shoulder length, naturally curly hair (some would call it kinky hair) did not have good reason to drive. Her business was still in the nascent phase and money was tight. She had gone to San Francisco on a wish and a prayer, but the tech Mecca had answered them. She was returning home with a huge client in her pocket. And an equally huge pee filled balloon in her stomach, unfortunately.

She gave in to the temptation and grabbed her crotch. She rubbed circles against her vulva, hoping to reduce the urgency a little bit. Just enough to hold on for a few minutes. She couldn't be very far from a toilet - this wasn't the wild west! The missed exit was almost half an hour behind, there just had to be an exit soon now! Even though she hadn't seen any signage, surely civilization demanded rest stops every half hour? She refused to think otherwise - her bladder didn't have very many minutes of endurance left. She just must find a place to pee!

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

It hadn't been half bad on the way out. She had taken her time, making frequent stops, even sleeping the night at a highway hotel, rather than pushing through. In fact, she had probably stopped every time she saw a half decent gas station - "just to be sure". But now she was on a tight schedule - she had an investor meeting lined up on the 'morrow and the negotiations in San Francisco had taken longer than she had hoped. She couldn't afford to dilly dally and had to power through the nearly 14 hour drive in a single day.

Since Tamara didn't have time to go out of her way for "convenience breaks", she had carefully planned out the route. She would leave San Francisco after an early breakfast and drive non-stop till Pasadena. That would take roughly 6 hours - a little ambitious may be, but any adult woman should be able to do without a pee for 6 hours easily, right? She would eat a light lunch at Pasadena and then drive to Phoenix - another 6 hours away. She would stop for dinner, and (probably much needed) relief, and then finish the final 2 hours. If she managed to leave by 9am PT, she would reach home just before midnight, leaving her enough time to rest and recuperate for the lunch meeting with the investors.

Well, you know what they say about the best laid plans. Her bladder wanted more breaks than she had planned, and screamed for relief most of the way. It was threatening to spill it's contents out all over the papers strewn around the car. Oh, where was the next rest area?

She was tempted to sit on her heels, but she didn't want to turn on cruise control again. That accursed cruise control was the reason she was tearing at her hair in desperation right now. Otherwise she would already be on a porcelain throne, emptying herself, letting it all flow out and hit the water with that sweet thunk!

Ok, bad idea to think of relief - her imaginary relief just turned up her very real desperation a notch.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

She pressed down on her lap through her skirt, wishing she was wearing something else. Something that gave her bladder more room - like a tracksuit may be. Though a skirt did have its uses.

The final papers had been signed only over a very early breakfast today. Which meant she was still dressed in her business attire - a tight pencil skirt, reaching just down to her knees, a white starched shirt and black heels. A less than comfortable attire to drive the 14 hrs back home. Even if she didn't have a bladder about to burst.

She could barely prevent herself from leaking all over the place as the car went above a speed breaker. Desperate times call for desperate means, and she hitched her skirt upwards and out of the way. She pressed her fingers against her pee hole while continuing to drive one handed! Ah, finally some relief, and way more than a suit would have afforded. As much relief as a very desperate woman can get - she was grateful for any relief.

But even the hitching motion had jolted her bladder and made her need to pee worse. She pulled her skirt up a bit higher, trying to give her bulging bladder some room to expand. But the skirt was too tight, and there was barely any reduction in the pressure.

Tamara was tempted to just pull off and pop a squat - oh how she envied men who could pee anywhere and everywhere! But a black girl on the back roads, half naked beside the road? No way Jose! She'll find a toilet soon!

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

The morning ride hadn't been smooth either, but she had managed to hold back the flood as long as required, hadn't she? Though the desperation was nothing compared to now. She could feel the pee sloshing around inside her, and mind-over-mattering herself to "wait till break time" just wouldn't work this time. Not with Phoenix still more than an hour away. Oh if only she could spot anything, even a MacD, in this god forsaken route! Her plan (to not stop at every rest area) seemed like a worse idea every passing second, as her desperation increased and she had to use all her will power to keep her bladder in check.

She had almost peed herself in the first half of the drive too. Never one with an exceptionally large bladder, she had known the 6-hr drive would be a challenge. She had limited herself to two large coffees in the morning, just enough to wake herself up. And yet they had wrecked havoc on her system. By the time Pasadena came around, she was climbing the walls in desperation. She hadn't allowed herself to drink more than a small bottle of water after she left the hotel, but even then her bladder had felt ready to burst after barely 5hrs. Only her stubbornness to stick to the schedule (and the very real fear of missing thousands of dollars if she made unscheduled stops) had helped her delay a pee-break till she saw the "Welcome to Pasadena" board.

She had stopped at the first gas station she laid eyes on, and climbed out bent nearly double. She had crossed her legs and grit her teeth as she filled her gas tank. Her overfilled bladder had threatened to spill out. The movement of gas under her hands, through the pipes, had made her imagine how good the urine flowing our of her, under equal pressure would feel. The thought was blissful! But the effect on her intense need to pee was merely painful.

Clenching all her muscles she had managed to fill her car, park and walk over to the restrooms at the back without making too much of a show. Thanking all her stars for an empty toilet, she had rushed in, not even bothering to lock the door.

She had never needed to pee this bad, and she couldn't wait a second longer. She just didn't have time. As she pulled her skirt and panties out of the way, she had been thankful for not having worn jeans. Shimmying out of jeans in that state would have been torture.

As it is, she had barely gotten the panties out of her way when her bladder gave out. A short hard jet burst out on to the bathroom floor - apparently her body couldn't wait the extra second it would take to sit on the toilet.

As the piss drops spattered back on her fancy shoes, she had managed to clamp the flow shut for long enough to sit down on the toilet like a civilized adult. Barely.

The pee had flooded out of her, loudly gushing in to the bowl. She could feel the liquid rush out of herself, like a garden hose turned on at full volume. Gradually the cramps in her abdomen had given way to sheer joy, as she moaned in pleasure. Her skirt felt looser, no longer digging in to her bladder. She had relished the pleasure and squeezed the last drops out, waiting for her bladder to empty completely. She had closed her eyes and enjoyed the relieved sensation for a minute. Only then had she gotten up and cleaned herself off with the toilet paper.

Ah, the simple joys of life. Who knew a good, hard pee could feel so so good? You really don't appreciate a bathroom till you have been denied one for 6 hours.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

Once her bladder was empty, and Tamara could breathe again without worrying about losing control, she had realized just how thirsty she was. Barely drinking any water all morning had left her dehydrated. So she had bought a half-dozen pack of water bottles from the convenience store, along with a chicken sandwich and a bottle of orange juice. That'll do for lunch, she had decided - not like she was very hungry, and there was still a long way to go. No point in wasting time stopping at a restaurant.

She had finished one of the water bottles even before she got in the car, and sipped on another till she had become hungry. Taking advantage of the utterly empty roads, she had turned on the cruise control, and gobbled down the sandwich, washing it off with the orange juice and another bottle of water. The roads at late afternoon were still pretty empty (not like these highways ever became too busy), so she had decided to keep her cruise control on.

The good thing about cruise control is you can relax a bit, sit back and take a break during a long drive. The bad thing about cruise control is, you can't relax enough to do something else, and you don't have enough to do to keep you occupied with driving. Trying to keep herself awake and alert on the road, Tamara had continued sipping at a new bottle of water. It was something to do at least!

It was only when her bladder gave out the familiar twinge of discomfort that she realized she had finished her fourth bottle, and had started on her fifth. That couldn't be good for her bladder schedule! Dammit! How could she have been so careless?

In the 2 and a half hours since she had last stopped, she had finished four 16-oz. water bottles, and one 20-oz. orange juice. Given her 5th bottle was also half empty, there was now nearly 3 litres of liquids inside her. And her next scheduled pee break was still more than 3 hours away. Fuck, she was gonna be desperate for this one as well.

A hard strong pee would be fun, when she finally reached a toilet - but she really didn't want her bladder to be as stretched as it was in the morning. Just thinking of it made her bladder ache dully (or was it the need to pee again? No, couldn't be - she had just peed! Definitely memory of that long morning drive, she convinced herself).

Anyway, she wasn't desperate or anything, and she could always stop earlier and then power through to Tuscon. Given how dehydrated she had been, she probably wouldn't even need to pee too much. She would be just fine.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

Half an hour later, she knew she wasn't going to be "just fine". She needed to pee, and she needed to do it soon. Her skirt felt tight around her midriff, and her bladder was throbbing constantly, demanding release. The large amounts of fluids meant she went from "could barely squeeze out a few drops" to "bursting at the seams" in 30 minutes.

She looked around desperately for a rest area signage - she would just pee now (not like she had a choice), buy a sandwich for dinner and then not stop (or drink anything) till she reached Tuscon. As soon as her decision was made, her bladder gave a mighty thrust, as if to remind her of the urgency of finding a toilet soon. She bent forwards to control herself, and gave herself a good squeeze before straightening up again. Thank goodness for cruise control!

As she sat back up, keeping one hand near her crotch, she noticed the coveted rest stop sign. The turning was just a mile away - ah, she would have relief soon! She again tugged her skirt up to give her expanding bladder some more room. As her waist band stopped digging in to her bladder, the organ bulged out and Tamara gently moved her hands over it. She didn't know her bladder could bulge out this way. It felt rock hard too, like it was packed to the brim. It definitely needed to be emptied soon!

Well, soon enough now! She couldn't believe she needed to pee this badly just 3 hrs since her last break, but ah well, sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do! She would just remember to not drink anything and make the last 5 hours strech just fine. She pulled her left leg up and sat back on her heel. As she ground her heel against her pee-hole, the urgency reduced a little and she sighed in relief. She sat back as her cruise control propelled her safely forward, towards the very welcome rest areas.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

And that was her big mistake. She realized it only when her car cruised right past the exit, merrily on it's programmed way to Tuscon. Fuck cruise control! She jolted out of her day dream and wrested back control of her car. Her bladder ached and her pee-hole burnt in protest. But by the time she had gotten back at the wheels, the exit was long gone and there was nothing to be done but to go forward.

Wave after wave hit her bladder in quick succession, and she had to sit on the edge of the seat to maintain some semblance of control. She kept her legs as close together as possible, but the tight skirt and the necessity of keeping her feet at the proper controls meant she could get very little traction. She was tempted to put her car back in cruise control, but she couldn't possibly miss another rest area. She had to see this through. She still wasn't absolutely bursting - the next rest area would do just fine.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

Half an hour later, the pressure on her bladder had steadily increased and she was definitely absolutely bursting. There was a constant dull ache in her abdomen now, and her skirt was digging down in to her bladder bulge. Only by frequently taking a hand away from the wheels and pushing it down against her crotch was she able to keep her pants dry. But she couldn't do it much longer.

It was 3.5 hours since her last pee. Even under normal circumstances she would have needed a pee by now. But with the three litres of liquids sloshing inside her, Tamara was absolutely frantic. She pushed a finger inside herself, massaging her pee-hole. Ah, hooking her finger and applying pressure there directly finally gave her some relief. But she knew she was on borrowed time!

Finally, when she was seriously wondering if she could manage to keep her panties dry a minute longer, she saw an exit. There was still no signage for a rest area, but she believed in civilization. Where there is an exit, there is a toilet, as they say (spoiler alert - no they don't say that). 5 minutes later, she was driving through deserted country roads with nothing but trees on all sides, and a hand permanently settled on her crotch. She was almost physically blocking her pee-hole now - she could feel the pee pushing against her spinchter, a drop on the verge of leaking out.

Suddenly she couldn't take it anymore. She refused to wet her pants, and there didn't seem to be any civilization nearby to grant her the relief she was bursting for. Well, she'll improvise - fuck it, no one was around to see anything. As she made up her mind, her bladder relented a bit - stopping its constant throbbing to ache dully.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

Tamara pulled up at the first shoulder she saw, not even a minute later. The road was fenced on all sides, so going in to the cover of the woods was out of the question. Well, waiting for a "more suitable place" was out of the question too. With cheeks burning in embarrassment at what she was planning to do, she pulled her panties off and let them drop to the floor.

She was no drunk college kid, popping a squat for the heck of it. This was serious, she was in serious pain, and there was no rest area in sight. Her bladder was rock hard and bulging out, stretching the fabric of her skirt. She had to do what she had to do! She would burst otherwise.

Keeping her hands firmly against her crotch she opened the door and stood up. Immediately gravity pulled the entire throbbing ball of liquid against her poor tired spinchter and she barely managed to not pee all over her hands. She hobbled over to the other side, and opened the front and back passenger doors - that should give her some privacy. Though given her skirt was riding up and she had both hands squashed against her crotch, she wasn't sure what dignity she was trying to save. There was no one to see anyway.

She squatted down between the two open doors, and removed her hands. For a minute nothing happened - she felt the cool breeze around her privates, her bladder throbbed and clenched, but nothing came out. Even in her extreme desperation, it would seem the societal conditioning was winning out. Her body refused to let go - though she was in pain!

She couldn't believe it. She was nearly leaking a moment ago! Tamara couldn't deal with the desperation - she just had to pee. So she took a deep breath and leaned slightly backwards, relaxing all her muscles consciously. She closed her eyes and imagined the relief she had felt in the morning, when she had finally been on that toilet. And at the thought of sitting on that toilet and peeing, her muscles finally gave out.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

A few trickles of pee flowed out first, giving her absolutely no relief. But then she started peeing in earnest, a thick clear stream shooting out of her labia, spattering against the road. She didn't care about the splashback getting on her shoes - she was too happy to be finally able to let loose. The pee flowed out like a river, under her car, gleaming on the asphalt. She relaxed a bit more, enjoying the release, revelling in her slightly naughty pee.

Till she heard the sound of an engine not far away. Oh fuck, of course now that she was properly peeing, someone had to turn up. Anyone who saw a car with it's doors open and no one in sight would definitely stop to inspect. Oh, she would die of the humiliation if she was found like this.

Willing her muscles to listen, she cut off her stream. Her bladder throbbed in protest - the 30s or so of relief had only made her need to pee stronger. Her skirt was still digging in to her overfull bladder, but she forced herself to stand up and close the passenger doors. She moved towards the driver's door just in time, as a car rounded the corner and bathed her in it's headlights. She kept her legs close together as she pretended to be checking the tyres, hoping whoever these people were would leave her alone to finish her pee.

She was still bent over the tyres, legs pressed together when the other car stopped. Checking the tyres was a good way to mask the desperation that forced her to bend in two, but she could pretend to check it only so long. Praying her tired muscles held on, she straightened up and looked at the much older man and woman who got out of the car.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

"Hey, you all right?" the woman enquired in a friendly voice

"Yeah, yeah, I'm fine" Tamara responded in a strained voice. Her bladder really wanted to complete what it had started!

"You lost or something? There is nothing on this road but forests for miles!" the man commented

Well, good thing she didn't carry on her search for a toilet then. If only these folks would go on their way and leave her alone!

"Yeah, something like that. I took a wrong exit"

"Ah, happens to the best of us" the chatty man replied as Tamara cursed internally. Her pee-hole was burning from the effort of holding back the flood, and her legs were starting to hurt from being tightly pressed together.

"So why did you stop here? Something wrong with the car?"

"Just wanted to check the tyres - sounded like one of them may have burst"

Tamara immediately regretted her choice of words. Her bladder really would burst if she didn't get away from them soon! She pressed her thighs closer together and prayed for relief.

"Oh, want me to give them a look see?"

"Nah, thanks. I am pretty good with cars myself"

"Oh, do you work with them?" the woman started up

Tamara really wasn't in the mood for this conversation - she needed to pee, now! But the polite southern girl could do nothing but respond politely, talking about her company, listening to a brief account of the man and woman's weekend in the woods and all the while (actually, just a couple of minutes) wishing she could at least hold herself.

"Well, we should get going - you have a long ride back to Tuscon"

Finally. It was music to her ears, as she made an assenting noise

"Just follow us back to the highway. We are going the other direction to Tuscon, but we'll have to drive to the exit anyway. Don't wanna be lost in these woods at this hour" the kindly lady remarked.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

Tamara could have cried from the frustation. Her thighs were pressed together, she was bent forward unnaturally, and her bladder was about to burst. She had been so close to relief! But now she had no excuse to not follow this couple. Taking a deep breath to compose herself, she agreed. She will just have to find another place, once this couple had gone on their way.

"Just give me a minute, will you sweetheart? I need to take a leak" the man said.

Tamara blushed. She couldn't believe this! Here she was bursting for hours, and this man casually talks about taking a leak?

"My prostate is not what it used to be I am afraid" he semi apologized as he walked a little distance away.

Tamara was still stunned. The woman, noticing her discomfort, spoke up "When you get on the wrong side of your 60s, you tend to do what you need to do ye know? I have popped a squat on more occasions than I would admit to", she added in light voice.

She could only nod dumbly as the sound of pissing hit her ears. Her bladder almost gave up at the sound. The spattering of pee over the asphalt was so inviting! Oh, why couldn't she just pee so freely? She was wearing a skirt, and no panties - she could just let go now! No one would even see anything! And yet, a lifetime of conditioning held her back.

She smiled at the lady and climbed in to her car, as she started walking back to hers. Sitting down relieved the pressure on her spinchter a bit, but she immediately shoved a hand in there to help. She didn't bother picking up her panties from the floor - she needed all the friction against her pee-hole that she could get. Though it seemed impossible, her need to pee had intensified after that aborted mission. But somehow her muscles were holding on, forcing her bulging bladder to keep it's contents in check.

She hitched her skirt up higher as the man ambled back to his car, looking visibly more relaxed. Oh, if only she could admit to her need or find an excuse to not follow these folks on to the highway.

But she couldn't, so she summoned all her will power and kept a seal on her bladder. She was constantly juggling and fidgeting, fingering herself not doing anything to relieve the need any more. No matter how she sat, her bladder felt extremely uncomfortable. She wished there was a way to unhook her skirt, to stop it from digging in to her rock hard bladder - but there was no way to relieve the pressure even a tiny bit in this from fitting skirt.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

The drive back to the highway was the longest five minutes of her life, staring longingly at the dark empty roads, where she could be relieving herself right now! Instead she drove on to the highway and had to muster up a smile in response to the couple's cheery wave.

As soon as the couple disappeared from her rearview mirror, Tamara started looking for a place to pull over. The road wasn't exactly empty, trucks rushing past with a fair frequency. No matter how badly she had to pee, she didn't think she could just pee between her doors. Not on the highway. But she also definitely couldn't wait till a rest stop.

Finally, just as she felt a drop slide out of her urethra and roll down her thighs, she saw a shoulder she could pull up at. The normally flat terrain had a dip here, and if she climbed over the short fence, she would have a tiny amount of privacy. Of course anyone seeing her climb the fence would guess what she was up to, and she wasn't sure if the dip was steep enough to hide her from the men in their tall trailers, but she was beyond caring by then. The 3 litres that had gone in must come out. Now.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

She pulled up and dragged herself out, trying to minimize any movement. Her bladder felt about to burst, as if even a small jolt would cause her to lose control completely. She took mincing steps towards the fence, as a truck thundered past. She thanked all the gods for the trucker not stopping. She really couldn't deal with another kindly intervention right now.

Taking tiny steps, bending forwards at the waist the whole time, she reached the fence. Lifting one leg gingerly upwards, she was now straddling the barely 2 feet tall fence. But even that tiny amount of distance between her thighs was too much. She had to quickly open her legs wide as a jet of pee shot out of her vagina. She froze for about 20seconds as a small waterfall of piss cascaded down the fence. Thank goodness she wasn't wearing panties! The pressure made her pee stream straight downwards, leaving her clothes and shoes untouched. Anybody looking closely would have seen the jet of piss tumbling out from underneath her skirt, but the trucks whizzing by didn't seem to spare her a second glance.

When she saw a private car at the horizon though, she woke out of her daze and tried to cut her stream off. She needed to get below the slope and away from any kind interventions (or staring kids and judging parents). She managed to reduce the flow to a trickle and then drips, but her bladder refused to shut down completely.

So she kept her legs wide apart, ensuring the droplets of pee fell between her feet rather than driving on her thighs, and using this weird gait walked down the slope. She was beyond embarrassment at this point - her body had reached it's limit. As soon as she couldn't see the road any longer, she sank down in to a low squat.

This time, there was no locking up of muscles. She was too far gone. As soon as she relaxed, the tiny trickle became a major river and gushed out of her. She sighed in contentment as she felt her bladder finally deflate. The pee kept gushing out for a minute before her skirt felt comfortable again. She could see the pee flowing downhill, creating channels in the soft earth. She continued peeing at full force for a few more seconds before it reduced to a trickle - naturally this time. She pushed on her bladder with all her might, trying to expel every last drop as fast as possible.

Finally the pee stopped coming, and her bladder wasn't burning any more. She remained squatting, trying to push any last drops out. When she finally got up and fixed her skirt, her bladder still felt sore. She massaged it gently, and promised never to push it to such limits again.

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

As she climbed back to her car, a thoroughly relieved expression on her face, she decided not a drop of water will pass her lips till she reached Tuscon.

And it didn't - not even when she bought herself another sandwich at another gas station, and emptied her tired bladder again. After two long holds, her bladder was grateful for the break.

But she was still really glad when she finally reached home. She rushed to the toilet to pee another absolute gusher at the end of a really long day. Peeing really was one of the most underappreciated joys of life, she thought as she fell asleep.

===== END =====

Author's Note - Please please do leave your feedback Especially whether the back and forth in time (between morning and current time) worked for you. That's an experiment I tried, so fingers crossed.

*010*2018-12-26 08:48

{{On 12/7/2018 at 8:31 PM, Peefreak said:

That was great thanks for taking my request:)

}}

Glad to know you liked it! It was a pleasure to take your request - I had a lot of fun writing the roadside pee(s)

{{On 12/7/2018 at 10:19 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was excellent I really enjoyed that story

}}

Thank you for saying so!

{{On 12/8/2018 at 4:50 AM, holdit247 said:

Very positive feedback from me, because it's a believable scenario. Changing the time out of sync is fine, made it more fun to anticipate what was coming.

}}

Very happy to know that worked for you! Thank you for taking the time to let me know!

{{On 12/8/2018 at 7:49 AM, Ishimura said:

Definitely a very interesting story. As a fan of desperation I love seeing works like this with this sort of prolonged desperation.

}}

Glad to know you liked the prolonged desperation. I am a huge fan of it too - but as a result I tend to overdo it. Happy to know it didn't bore you!

{{On 12/14/2018 at 2:20 AM, kbeasley7 said:

That was amazing! Stories that have someone start and stop are the absolute best!

}}

Thanks I love the idea of "half finished pee" too - probably because that's what makes me most desperate. But it is difficult to work that in to stories and keep it believable This, however was the perfect opportunity and I couldn't resist it

{{On 12/14/2018 at 8:42 PM, Rexone_312 said:

I wonder how effortlessly you can draw such realistic and yet strong build ups! You have my vote ... Loved the details . .

}}

Thank you for letting me know you liked the build up and the details. I was wondering if people would get annoyed with that - like "who cares who she is and why she is driving! Get her pee dancing already". Glad to know it worked for you.

{{On 12/18/2018 at 2:15 AM, wedgeantilles said:

Awesome story, good job! Awesome story, good job!

}}

Thank you! Thank you!

{{On 12/20/2018 at 1:31 AM, randomkath said:

Ho-ly shit.

}}

Thanks!

{{On 12/20/2018 at 11:37 AM, DespMely said:

Very good!

}}

Thank you for saying so!

