Holding her own (Rising of the shield hero)

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-07-19 11:40

This story is set in the Rising of the shield hero anime, somewhere between wave 1 and 2. Im not that familiar with the show so I apologise if any of the details are wrong.

Commission for: daveshuyi

Raphtalia stirred in her sleeping bag, a gentle tapping noise drifting through the haze of her mind. Yawning she outstretched her arms, the mornings light just starting to pass the horizon and into their camp. Rubbing her eyes the demi-Human sat up, noticing a dim light still burning in Naofumi’s tent. Standing quietly she slowly walked towards it, avoiding the snoring Filolial who was still sat in her bird form next to the wagon she had been pulling.

“Naofumi?” She asked, moving aside one of the flaps of the tent.

“Sorry. Did I wake you Raphtalaia” He asked, not turning around.

“No” She lied, not wanting him to feel sorry for her. “What are you doing?” She asked, walking up behind him and peering over his shoulder.

“Im making the scraps of metals and raw gems they had left over into something we can sell.” He said, hammering the green gem in between two pieces of metal.

“So you like our gift then?” She said, a wide smile on her face. She was happy the small hammer she had gotten him a few weeks earlier was of some use to him.

“Yes, you and Filo chose a good tool. I can use this to make better gems worth more money.” The Hero said, leaning over and picking up the bright Gem.

“Ooh its so pretty” Came a high-pitched voice as Filo flung the tent open. The small winged girl climbing over Raphtalia and grabbing the stone from Naofumi. The half raccoon frowning as a hand pressed against her face, forcing her away from Naofumi.

“Hey” He said, gently taking the stone from her small hands. “This isn’t something to play with, we need to sell these in the next town and get some more supplies” He said, his other hand patting the blonde-haired girl who seemed to almost coo.

“Humph” Raphtalia crossed her arms, sulking slightly at the attention her friend was getting. “Shouldn’t you be asleep?” she said crossly.

“Yes you should” Naofumi replied, his agreement making Raphtalia happy again. Maybe she could get some time with just the two of them, like when they first started their journey together.

“You both need your sleep” He said, causing both of them to pout. “We have a long trip to the capital, we don’t want any unnecessary stops if you get tired, our goods may spoil.”

“Ok Naofumi Sama” Raphtalia said reluctantly, grabbing Filo by the back of her dress and pulling her out of the tent as she fought to remain with him.

Laying back in her sleeping bag Raphtalia turned over to face his tent. Fondly watching the silhouette of Naofumi as he continued to work the gems into a profitable form. Part of her hated how much he was working, but she also knew that they needed to money. With the next wave only weeks away they had levelled up quite a lot, but it had been a while since they had upgraded their gear. If getting to the next town quickly would help him get what he needed, then it would mean they were better prepared and could save more people. The last wave had been difficult and the further they got the harder the enemies seemed to become. Without the new gear she feared what might happen to the people where the breach came through, or worse what might happen to Naofumi. Despite the anxiety about what might happen, she still managed to fall into a deep slumber. The previous day of travel clearly tiring her out more than she thought.

“Raphtalia chan” A voice called out, something prodding her in the forehead.

Swiping at it she opened her eyes to see Filo an inch from her face holding a stick. It was morning! She had over slept.

“Morning” Naofumi greeted her, loading his tools and goods back into the cart.

“Im sorry, I overslept.” She said, trying to quickly get out of her sleeping bag and tripping. Landing uncomfortably on the floor she rolled over, watching as Naofumi continued to load the cart without even looking over.

“You didn’t oversleep. But we should start our journey soon.” He said calmly

“Time to pull the Cart!” Filo said excitedly, exploding into a shower of feathers as she took her bird form again.

“There is some breakfast if you want some?” He said, pointing over to the small tree stump they had been using as a table.

“Thank you Naofumi Sama” Raphtalia said, getting up slowly this time, brushing the dirt from her clothes. Grabbing the plate of food and glass of water she downed them quickly, ready to get on the road. Helping load the last of the supplies and setting off she was looking forward to making it back to the capital by tonight. She didn’t mind camping outside, but she had quickly grown accustom to sleeping in a real bed and eating real food.

Sitting at the reigns helped Raphtalia with her travel sickness, but as the morning wore on it was something else that was making her uncomfortable. Having woken up late and rushed to get on the cart, she had forgotten to find a bush to relieve herself. Now as the cart bumped down the road she found herself shuffling slightly on the front bench. Looking over her shoulder she looked at Naofumi, currently asleep in the back of the wagon. Having stayed up all night to make goods, he must have fallen asleep and trusted her to do a good job of driving. Turning back around she looked down the road, a new look of determination on her face as she gripped the reins tighter in her hands. She wouldn’t let him down, especially for something like relieving herself. She wasn’t a kid any more she reminded herself.

Continuing down the road she tried to focus on the job at hand, in part to distract her from her need to pee. They had helped a town out against a group of monsters a couple of days ago, but the only payment the poor people could make was with fresh vegetables they had just harvested. Now three days later she could already tell they were starting to turn. Naofumi had used his shield magic to help preserve them, but the slight wrinkles in the skin of the fruit was a sure sign they needed to make good time back to the Capital. Soon the sun had risen into the centre of the sky, the morning coolness giving way to the clammy heat of the mid-day. During the last couple of hours her need had gone from a slight niggling sensation to a need she was struggling to ignore. Thankfully as she steered the carriage down the road she heard her friend stirring behind her, he was awake and maybe that meant he might need to stop too.

“You look a little stressed. I thought sitting up here helped with your travel sickness.” Naofumi said, putting a hand on her shoulder.

“Im ok” she partly lied. It was true her travel sickness was much better, but that wasn’t what was making her sit so rigidly.

“Are you sure?” He asked again.

“Yes” She said, trying to smile but feeling her cheeks start to burn as he joined her at the front. Pressing her legs together she tried her best not to fidget with him being so close to her now. “I think we are coming up to a checkpoint” she pointed out, hoping to change the topic of conversation.

Pulling out the Golden trade medallion they quickly passed through, these guards clearly recognising the seal and letting them go without paying the customary toll. They were not always so lucky; some areas were so poor they had no choice but to stop everyone. Naofumi hated when they did it, but she couldn’t help but feel sorry for the unlucky souls that had seen their lives destroyed by the catastrophe or worse, the other heroes.

A few miles later as they came around the bend between a pair of high cliff-sides Raphtalia spotted something, it seemed as if someone was lying in the road.

“Master, there is someone on the road” Filo said, taking note of the same thing as she pulled the carriage along.

“Naofumi poked his head out of the enclosed back, looking around he was clearly thinking about something as his eyes narrowed. “Looks like a trap, we should go around.” He said.

“But what if they need help?” Raphtalia interjected, it was clear the man lying there was injured.

“I think they want us to get close, I’m sure they are fine and more are hiding up there” He said, pointing to the tall cliff sides. It an ambush”. He said as calmly as if he was talking about the weather.

“But what if its not” She continued, as much as he pretended to be jaded to helping people, she knew he wanted to do the right thing. Sometimes he just needed a bit of help to be unwillingly forced into it.

“Fine, but lets take it slow and I want you to both be ready to defend the wagon” He said reluctantly, taking off the outer coat he was wearing and getting himself ready for combat.

Approaching the man lying in the road it became even more obvious it was a trap, but it was a trap that was already sprung. Arrows lay around the injured man, clearly fired by someone on the tops of the hills. A few empty and broken boxes strewn around, whoever had carried this out had hastily looted and run.

“Help me, please” The man on the ground croaked, raising an arm to them as the approached.

Jumping off the cart Raphtalia winced slightly, feeling the heavy impact shake the contents of her bladder. In the moment she had completely forgotten about it, her need to pee disappearing at the threat of combat. Pressing her thighs together for a moment she continued forwards, helping the old man to his feet.

“Thank you dear.” he said, mustering a crooked smile.

“What happened here?” Naofumi asked sternly, clearly still not believing this wasn’t a trick of some kind.

“Bandits” The white haired man said, a crazy wide eyed look on his face. “Five of them, they jumped me and my wagon and stole all my belongings”

“Its an obvious ambush point” Naofumi said, pointing to the tall cliffs once again.

“Ambush point, this use to be a nice area. That was until the lord was killed in the last wave and now everyone is out for themselves!”

“Well it’s a shame old man but this is the world you live in. Come on Raphtalia, he looks fine” The shield hero added before starting to climb back on the cart.

“But, we cant just leave him here” She said, feeling sorry for the sweet old man. They were in the middle of nowhere and hours away from the nearest town. She worried about what might happen to him if he didn’t get somewhere by nightfall.

“We didn’t steal his wagon, we don’t owe him anything, If he was ok coming through this area on his own then im sure he will be fine getting to the capital.”

“Please” she said, putting her hands together and doing her best to pull on Naofumi’s rigid heart strings, happy to see him sigh deeply as he gave in to her.

“We are going to the capital, if you would like to buy passage with us. That is If you have anything that might be worth anything left?” He said, never one to give anything away for free.

“Im sorry young sir they took everything!” The old man said sadly.

“Well then I guess you will have to walk.” Naofumi responded coldly.

“Wait, please” The old man said, taking a few steps towards the wagon. “I was transporting lots of valuable goods, if you help me get them back I will gladly share them with you. They also took several items of immense sentimental value which I would like to get. The rest is yours”

Thinking for a moment it was clear that the mans words has piqued Naofumi’s interest. “Ok, fine. We help you get your wagon back and your personal items, but your goods are ours.”

“Thank you adventurer” the man said, bowing slightly.

“Ok climb aboard”

“Oh, im sorry you will never catch them on this. They were riding dragon lizards, even your impressive friend here wouldn’t be able to keep up pulling this thing.” The old man said, Filo chirping happily at being called impressive.

“Is this a trick?” Naofumi asked, jumping from the carriage again.

“Excuse me?” The old man asked, confused by his sudden hostile response.

“You want us to leave our wagon here while we go and look for your’s that im still not sure exists.”

“Oh I can see why you might think that is suspicious, but I am telling the truth.” The old man pleased.

Looking down at the path Raphtalia could see the lines in the dirt of a heavily laden cart, accompanied by a number of lizard footprints. “Look” she said pointing. “He is telling the truth.” Couching down her companion rubbed his hands into the tracks, attempting to tell how old they were. But happy that this was no longer a trap he stood up, convinced by the mans story.

“Ok,but im not leaving my wagon here unguarded. Raphtalia, Ill take Filo on after the bandits. You stay here and guard our goods.”

“But…”

“Im trusting you to look after everything...im still not happy with this.”

He is trusting me! Her heart skipped a beat, she was going to interrupt and plead to go with him. But now she knew how important her job was, she was happy he felt comfortable enough to leave her on her own with such an important task! “You can count on me” she added, trying to act professional rather than bursting with happiness.

“Get on” Naofumi said to the old man, offering a hand from atop Filo who was raring to go. She hated Lizards! As soon as he was on she raced off, her large feet leaving a cloud of dust and dirt in the air. As she watched the dust cloud race down the road at top speed, Raphtalia stood in the silence of the road. The only sound the wind rushing through the trees nearby, she couldn’t even hear any birds or animals from here.

Climbing on the carriage she sat at the now empty reigns, her legs starting to shuffle again as the silent and empty road gave her no way of distracting herself. The need to relieve her bladder returning in full force. Gripping the sides of her skirt she started to wiggle, each second that was passing making her wonder about finding a bush.

Maybe I can go and It will be fine, Raphtaliia thought to herself. There was no one around she could just go and be back in just a few moments. But just as she started to stand Naofumi’s words returned to her “Im trusting you”. Sitting back down with a humph she knew she couldn’t let him down. What if something happened when she was relieving herself, would he ever trust her again. He had only helped that man because of her, if she messed this up then it would all be her fault. Oh god, why did she have to suggest this, she thought, throwing her head between her hands.

He would be back soon, the bandit’s couldn’t have gone far…could they?

But as the sun moved across the sky she began to worry, the forming clouds in the sky mirroring her discomfort. It had taken them far longer than she had thought it would to get back and now her need to pee was making her unable to sit still. Moving her tightly pressed legs to the left and the right she whined slightly to herself, watching the horizon for any signs of movement that might be Naofumi returning. There she sat, watching the road intently for what felt like hours to her. The sensation between her legs getting more intense as each moment passed. Just a little bit longer she told herself, he was trusting her she repeated. Crossing her legs part of her thought about rushing to a bush, there were none nearby but maybe she could use the wagon to cover herself?

The image of Naofumi returning to find her squatting behind his wagon racing into her mind and making her face turn bright red. No, she couldn’t do that. Maybe there was somewhere else? Standing she felt the weight of her pee shift inside her bladder, groaning slightly she put a hand on her abdomen and after a few seconds it seemed to settle down again. Climbing carefully from the wagon she began to pace around. The constant walking helping her hold it, but revealing there was no where to pee. The canyon they had parked in was sparse of any cover, she guessed that’s why it was such a perfect ambush point.

Pausing to look at a broken box she felt her bladder pang, the discomfort inside her rising rapidly. She had delayed her morning pee too long and now she knew she didn’t have long before her body would take things into its own hands. She had been made to wait many times in the past, but this was different. Putting and hand between her legs she blushed deeply again, it was so un-lady like but at this point it was necessary. Starting to walk around the area again she could feel its impact lessening. Her bladder was starting to pulse, whining to herself she wished Naofumi would hurry up and return so she could relieve herself.

Having found nowhere to cover herself she sat back on board the cart, her legs wiggling wildly as she started to worry If he didn’t return soon she didn’t know what she would do. Hitting her bare thigh with her right hand she felt the pain radiate out and distract her for a moment, but that wasn’t going to work. She couldn’t just keep hitting herself. “Oooooh” she whined again.

Ok that was it, she couldn’t wait any longer, hastily climbing off the wagon just moments after getting on, she ran around behind it and tried to cover herself as best as possible. Hastily she fumbled with her clothing, feeling the faintest of leaks escaping and making her squeak loudly. But finally after a few moments she managed to pull down her armour and underclothes, her face burning red as she relieved herself at the side of the road. An undignified end to her struggle, but she relished in the relief she was feeling as her stream hit the dirt road beneath her.

After a few seconds her large ears twitched, picking up the sound of heavy footsteps, Naofumi was back! Her heart skipped a beat as she clenched to stop the flow. She couldn’t let him find her like this, he would surely think less of her because of it. How could he ever love her if she did things like this when she was supposed to be watching the wagon. Somehow she managed to stem the flow, her muscles burning as she quickly redressed but the momentary pee making her need so much worse.

“Naofumi! She said, trying to act casual and walking out from behind the cart. Her bladder throbbing deeply inside her. But as she rounded the corner she saw what had approached, it was just a par of wild Filolials coming up the road. But even as she realised that, it was too late. Her muscles gave way and a burst of urine flowed out of her, rushing through her leather greaves and over her boots.

“Ohhhh” she whimpered loudly, tensing her thighs as she tried to desperately fight for control. But she just couldn't hold it a moment longer, tears starting to roll down her cheeks as she started to wet herself. She had waited too long, how could this happen to her, why hadn't she just gone earlier. As she continued to feel the wetness spiral down her slender legs she sobbed, truly embarrassed by what was happening. This was no way for a party member of the shield hero to behave she thought to herself. Her urine still rushing out of her and splattering noisily onto the ground next to the Wagon, a sizeable puddle forming and darkening the ground around where she stood. Her hands shot up to her bright red face, even the audience of the two birds was too much for her.

But then she heard it, another set of fast approaching heavy footsteps. “Oh no” she said again, her eyes wide as she spotted the cart being pulled by Filo approaching fast. They were returning! Finally her stream died down, but there was no way she could hide her accident, Naofumi would know what had happened! Suddenly a crack of thunder sounded overhead as the heavens opened. A heavy downpour of rain instantly saturating her clothing and the ground around her, the evidence of her accident washed away. She had been saved! Even if her cheeks were still red and the embarrassment unbearable, Naofumi and Filo would never have to know what just happened.

###

I hope you enjoyed that story, as I said i've not seen much of the Anime so much of this is based on the first 10 episodes.

Hopefully I managed to do the characters justice, all feedback is welcome!

Also. No idea why the font changes after the first paragraph.

