Holders of Iron House

Author: Markj9494

*000*2020-11-06 08:02

Hey guys, here is my next story commission, university tales seem to be all the rage at the moment so it was fun to throw my hat into the ring.

The build up for this story is slow, it might not be for everyone as such but I hope you enjoy!

The holders of Iron house

Chapter 1: Arrival

The amber light of a desk lamp filled the darkened room, a shadow cast by the unmoving figure of a tall woman sitting in a high back chair near the curtained window.

“Finally” she muttered to herself, looking down at the electronic tablet in her hands as a wicked smile appeared on her shadowy face. It had taken months if not years of waiting and planning but finally she thought she had what she was looking for. The exact reason she had been put in charge of this establishment.

A soft knock at the door caught her attention, a brief moment of panic flashing across her mind before she quickly put the device in her desk drawer and slid it closed. The mahogany wood clunking softly as she took a moment to compose herself, her hands folding together as she rested them on the top of her desk.

As Eloise stood in the university hallway, she couldn’t help but be slightly nervous feeling the multitude of butterflies gathering in her stomach. Trying to distract herself she studied the large door in front of her, her eyes falling on an old inscription carved into the wood “Strenuis Ardua Cedunt”. The faded lettering meaning nothing to her, but the age and way they had been inscribed was yet another indication of the calibre of university she had been accepted into.

She was already a couple of minutes late after getting lost in the large admin building and she didn’t want to give a bad impression on her first day, stepping forwards she knocked the door a couple of times.

After a brief pause a muffled “come in” passed through the thick wood, easing her nerves slightly. Turning the handle she stepped into the large office, its occupant sitting at a large desk near the centre of the room which curiously still had its curtains drawn.

“Um…I’m Eloise Western” She said awkwardly walking towards the woman’s desk, her hands fidgeting slightly behind her back.

“Ah yes, the French student that will be joining us. Welcome, and I must say your English is excellent.” The woman in front of her said, standing to greet and shake her hand.

“Thank you, my farther worked for the embassy so I had good teachers.” Eloise responded, kicking herself for the unneeded exposition. This wasn’t a job interview she had already gotten in, but there was something about this room that was making her uneasy.

“That explains it, please take a seat.” The woman said, indicating to the chair in front of her desk.

“Thank you” Eloise said, perching slightly on the edge of her seat.

“No need to be nervous, I greet all our foreign students. It’s a good way to gauge language skills and see if there is anything we can do to help in your transition. Moving away can be difficult for young students, especially to another country.” The smartly dressed woman said, somewhat addressing the elephant in the room.

“Thank you” Eloise said again, sighing in relief. She had been slightly late to be accepted, going through their secondary referral programme and had been worried there had been a mix up or even that they were reconsidering her place.

“Unfortunately, you have missed the welcome talks that were held yesterday. But I do have a couple of things I can give you.” Rummaging in her desk the woman pulled out a small parcel of items and placed it on the desk.

“So, here is your welcome pack, it includes all the information about what is on the campus, opening times and a map.” She said handing across a binder that Eloise took from her. “Here is your class schedule, there is also an online version if you would prefer. All your log on information is in the pack too. Finally here is a smart watch and fitness tracker that we give to all our students.”

“A fitness tracker?” Eloise questioned, picking up the metallic watch and giving it a once over in her hand.

“Oh don’t worry, we don’t actually track your fitness.” She said smiling, “we pride ourselves on student wellbeing and try to make sure you all have something like this so that you can look after your own health. University can be a stressful time and letting our students have the ability to track these things has proven effective at lowering burn out and breakdowns. Think of it as an early warning system for stress levels and a way of letting you realise how hard you are working. Equally a number of…extracurricular, activities may be run by people who ask you to show them things before taking part in anything.”

“Extracurricular?”

“Yes, well as you know this university is largely a medical institution and as such there is a constant development of emerging fields. Some of which may ask students to take part in…they are all safe of course.” She added, a little too quickly for Eloise’s liking.

“Those watches also function as student id and key card. So, if you plan on using anything on the campus you will need to keep that on you at all times. We are on the very cutting edge of what we do here, can’t have just anyone walking around the buildings can we.” Looking up at the woman’s face there it was again, that smile that was becoming less and less convincing with everything that was leaving the poshly dressed woman’s mouth.

“Now then, I don’t want to take up any more of your time. I’m sure you have things to move in, which reminds me. You will be staying in Iron house, its marked on the map in your pack.” She finished up, motion her hand to indicate for Eloise to stand.

“Ok, well thank you again for the introduction.” Eloise said, thankful for the information but a little perturbed by some of the other information she had been given. She was already getting the feeling that there was more to this university than met the eye.

“My pleasure, oh and Eloise. Welcome to Galgani University”

Nodding and waving the small pack of things at the school master she quietly closed the door behind her and let out a sigh. She didn’t know what it was, but that woman really put her on edge for some reason.

Slipping the watch onto her wrist she heard it beep, the screen lighting up and displaying her name and the current time. Scrolling through it as she walked down the road she studied the various apps from fitness and biometrics to a lesson planner and map, this thing really seemed to have it all. It couldn’t have been cheap to give every student one of these, but then again Galgani was one of the top universities.

Following the little triangle on the screen Eloise quickly found herself stood outside a large three-story building, the elegant and new housing far exceeding her wildest expectations. The usual damp and dingy student accommodation she had been told about and seen on tv shows was nowhere to be seen.

The door to the building opened quickly, a skinny blonde-haired woman throwing a bag over her shoulder and rushing out.

“Sorry” she hastily said, pushing past Eloise and running towards the main campus as she quickly fastened name badge to her shirt.

Despite being taken aback slightly, Eloise paused taking a moment to double check she was in the right place. Walking slowly up the small path she tentatively turned the door handle, a beep from her watch and the door at the same time clearly indicating that even these doors were locked to anyone but those living in them.

Pushing the door open she was greeted by the sight of a dozen or more carboard boxes and plastic tubs strewn across the large hallway.

“What did you forget this time?” A voice called out from the doorway to her left.

“Um, hello?” Eloise said quietly to the unseen person. A head suddenly poking out of the doorway to her right with a surprised look on her face.

“Oh…sorry I thought you were Summer coming back for something….Who are you?”

“Im Eloise, I think im your new house mate.” She replied. The slightly suspicious look on the short brunette’s face disappearing instantly.

“Cool, sorry I didn’t mean to be weird I just didn’t recognise you and I thought everyone had moved in yesterday.” the woman said, stepping out of her room. “Im Kay by the way” she said holding out her hand.

“Guys, we have a new flatmate” She shouted loudly, the cry reverberating up the open house and soon footsteps could be heard as a number of people came down the stairs.

“No need to look worried, no one bites” Kay joked, Eloise apparently unable to keep the apprehension off her face as the group formed around her.

“Hey, I’m Allie” the first woman introduced herself, stepping off the bottom step of the stairs and shaking her hand. The blond-haired woman clearly making the most of being a student, currently dressed in a pair of jogging bottoms and loose-fitting top that was several sizes too large for her. Although judging by her untidy hair, it wouldn’t have surprised Eloise if she had only just woken up despite it being almost lunch time.

“Eloise” she responded with her name.

“Ah bonjour” the next woman said, the tall black-haired woman looking as If she was about to head out for a run, dressed entirely almost head to toe in form fitting spandex.

“You speak French?” Eloise asked, she hadn’t expected to meet anyone who did here.

“Uh, well actually no. But you’re French right?” she asked, her cheeks slightly reddening as she was called out.

“Yes, how could you tell?”

“Faint accent and the name is a bit of a giveaway. Im Vanessa” the confident woman announced “and that’s Julia and Zara” she said, pointing to the two remaining women who simply waved at her. “That’s all of us that are in at the moment, I think Summer is at work and Lucy is out somewhere doing something.”

“Its nice to meet you all” Eloise said, glad to see Kay had been right about the group being friendly. They all seemed to be getting along with each other which was another good sign.

“Do you need a hand moving your stuff, are you parked outside?” The tall black-haired woman introduced as Julia asked, pushing her large black rimmed glasses up her nose slightly.

“Uh, no thanks. I’ve got everything in here.” Eloise replied, stepping to the side and revealing the small suitcase she had with her.

“Is that all you brought?” Kay asked, clearly shocked and accidentally revealing that all of these boxes probably belonged to her.

“Yeah, I mean I came on a plane and I moved around a lot as a kid so I never really had much stuff.”

“Don’t let Lucy hear that, she will have a field day taking you out for some retail therapy.” Vanessa laughed.

“So…do you all know each other then?” Eloise asked, uncomfortable that she might have suddenly joined a group where everyone knew each other well already. Would she be able to integrate herself into the group, she had never really had a close group of friends growing up.

“Well we are all third years and we shared some of the same classes.” Julia responded.

“So we knew of each other, and I lived with Lucy in second year too. But this is the first time the rest of us have lived together… or really spent any time other than lectures or the occasional night out with each other.” Vanessa said, with Kay nodding along to everything she said.

“So you’ve got nothing to worry about” Zara added, her beaming smile instantly removing all of Eloise’s worries. The darker skinned woman putting her at ease before her brow furrowed. “We should get going Vanessa, the class is in like 10 minutes”

“Wait, classes have already started!” Eloise asked nervously, starting to fumble with her watch to check her timetable.

“Oh sorry, no we have an exercise class up at the campus gym. I didn’t mean to panic you. But you are more than welcome to join us, if you have anything to wear in that tiny bag of yours?”

Putting a hand to her chest Eloise breathed a sigh of relief, “Maybe next time.”

“Sure thing” Zara finished, nodding her head at the door to Vanessa as the two of them left the newbie to the others.

“So your room is the last door on the left, kitchen and lounge are the doorway on the end there and finally there are two shower cubicles up the stairs on the right” She said. “Don’t worry the door doesn’t lead straight in, there are another two doors, so you probably won’t walk in on anyone using them.” Kay said, a telling smile on her face suggesting she had done that at some point.

“Ok thank you, I guess ill go unpack” Eloise responded, still feeling a little overwhelmed by all the new faces.

“Shouldn’t take you long” Allie joked as they all went back to their own rooms.

She wasn’t wrong, but walking into her room Eloise was still pleasantly surprised by it. The relatively barebones bedroom had a large bed, chest of drawers and tiny ensuite bathroom. It looked more like a cupboard or afterthought than a real bathroom, but at least it would give her some privacy. Putting her belongings away she sat on the bed, the realisation of where she was and what she was doing setting in for the first time. She wasn’t the sort of person to get home sick, but even still she could feel the anxiousness about her new start away from everything she knew getting the better of her.

Picking up her mug she grabbed the small bag of goodies her mum had given her and headed for the kitchen. If there was one thing her mother always use to say, it was that a cup of tea can help any situation feel better. Although that could have just been her British heritage coming through.

Nervously playing with the Uni welcome pack Eloise walked through the doorway she had been shown earlier and found a rather large kitchen and dinging room combo. The numbered cupboards matching the room numbers, opening her designated one she was unsurprised to find it completely empty. She would have to find a shop to grab some things before they shut later.

Turning on the kettle she brought out her mug, one of the few belongings she had made sure to bring with her. An old and browned piece of porcelain she had used for as long as she could remember. The outside of it emblazoned with a phoenix logo from the soccer team that played in the town her mother came from in New Zealand. She had never been, but perhaps this summer would be the perfect opportunity to travel and relax after her studies.

Watching the steam rise from the cup as she poured the water in, she could already feel its calming effects.

“There is milk in the door if you want any” Julia said having silently entered the room barefoot.

“Thank you that’s very kind, but I prefer it black.” Eloise responded, recovering from being slightly startled by her new housemate.

“Fair, you looking at what optional to do?” The tall woman said, indicating to the welcome pack Eloise had left laying open on the table.

“Optional?”

“Yeah, so you don’t get any in first term but next term you can pick from a few different modules. Kind of like choosing your major subject for the next two years, but think of them as kind of taster sessions.”

“Oh ok, so does everyone here do the same major?”

“No, im not 100% sure what Summer does, but I think the rest of us are all on different majors. But we all do the Urodynamics module each term, its pretty much mandatory if you haven’t chosen something like that as your main subject.”

“Ah ok, I guess those are the classes you all have together?”

“Some of us yeah, but there are so many people there are multiple classes so its not guaranteed.”

“I suppose this place is known for it, so it makes sense they make everyone study it. It just surprised me how many other course options there are, its almost like any other non-specialised academy.” Eloise said, taking a sip of her slightly too warm tea.

“True, we are mainly set up for Urology and you will see its impact on everything you study even if its kind of unrelated…” She paused for a moment, clearly thinking about some memory. “what subject are you doing by the way?” Julia asked, cracking a couple of eggs into a frying pan.

“Im actually just a urology student, I mean this is one of the top-rated institutions for it” Eloise responded.

“Cool! We don’t get as many as you might expect. I think a lot of people decide that the few modules we do on it are enough, they can be kind of intense.”

“Intense?”

“Lets just say there are a lot of practical’s and the school motto will make a lot more sense after your first end of year test”

“I second that, Allie said, sauntering through the door and sliding a couple of pieces of bread into the toaster after briefly checking for blue spots. “Strenuis Ardua Cedunt, Adversity Yields to Endeavour” She added, a hint of sarcasm evident in how she spoke.

“But don’t worry its nothing bad, plus the modules will prepare you for them. I didn’t have any problems with them and even Allie scored some of the highest marks” Julia said, worried they were freaking the new student out.

“Hey, what do you mean EVEN Allie.” But as she unscrewed the cap to her milk and recoiled from the smell, any feigned annoyance disappeared. “We need new milk?” She said, her eyes still narrowed by the smell as she went to pour it down the sink.

“How long have you all been here, I thought someone said you al moved in yesterday?” Eloise said, wondering how the milk could already be gone off I that was true.

“Oh yeah we did, I brought this from home. I don’t think a day in the car was good for it.” Allie replied, clearly understanding the meaning behind the question.

“Oh ok, well I need to grab some food later if you wouldn’t mind showing me the shop in a bit?” Eloise asked.

“Sure thing, I’ll just have my breakfast and we can head down. Its not far.”

“Perfect, Thank you!”

Sitting back at the table with her cup of tea she was quickly joined by Julia and Allie who was carrying a large plate of what looked like half a loaf of toast covered in Nutella, paired with an almost comically giant sports direct mug of coffee.

Flipping through her Phone she took a quick photo of her tea, sending it to her mum and dad to let them know she was settling in fine. Part of her wondering what they would get up to now they had no one to look after, her and her two brothers having all moved out over the last few years.

Looking at her welcome pack Eloise familiarised herself with the history of the campus, much of which she was already familiar with and was a large part of why she had chosen this university to study at. The pages filled with photos of smiling students, lab equipment and things you could buy from the student shop. Glancing at the faces of the students she wondered for a moment if any of them needed to pee while their photos were being taken. Blinking and frowning at herself she was caught out by her strange thoughts which she wasn’t sure why it had come to her. Although going off what her housemates had just said and the classes she would be involved with, it seemed like a strong possibility some of them did need to pee. Their hidden desperation caught on camera for all students to look through at their leisure.

“Alright then, should we head out?” Allie asked, tipping the rest of her coffee into her mouth and standing up.

“Yeah sure” Eloise replied, glad to have something to distract her from her own weird and invasive thoughts. Walking towards the door It swung open, revealing a slightly sweaty looking Vanessa and Zara, returning from their exercise class and swigging from large water bottles.

“Hey, you guys off out?” Zara asked, wiping her head with her forearm.

“Just going to the shop if either of you need anything?” Allie replied.

“Actually, mind if I join you. I still need some odds and ends” Vanessa said, throwing her gym bag into the corner, draining the rest of her bottle before turning back towards the door. “ We can give you a quick tour of the campus on the way if you want?” The dark-haired woman added.

“That would be really nice if you don’t mind.” Eloise responded. She had been nervous about who she would be paired up with, but it seemed as if she had gotten lucky with everyone here being so nice to her. Plus the fact they were 3rd years was really going to help her get to grips with this place quickly, something she was hoping to do so she could really focus on her studies. While it may have been true the grades didn’t matter this year, she was sure that falling behind now would hurt her later.

“Can we stop by the coffee shop?” Allie asked, her large morning cup apparently not enough to satiate the caffeine fiend.

Walking down the hill from the house it seemed all the university housing had been put in one area, the roads filled with students coming and going about their businesses. Teary eyed parents waving goodbye to their children who were starting university for the first time, many looking far happier than their parents.

“So there is a pub at the end of the road down there, but no one really goes to it other than some Philosophy students.” Vanessa said, making Eloise turn around to face her new tour guide.

“Then if you go down that road you have the best take away as well as the onsite pub, bar and a social club. They are all run by the student’s union so the booze is pretty cheap. Then there is a courtyard coming up that has the coffee shop, a bike shop and probably some other things that I’ve not used so who knows….” She finished summarising, a few moments of silence falling between them as Eloise tried to locate everything Vanessa had just said.

“Wow, great tour” Allie added sarcastically.

“Well I mean pub, Bar and Coffee shop what else do you need?”

“How about the main teaching blocks?”

“Oh yeah, they are over the other side of the park that’s over there. If you go between the two rows of shops, carry on following the path and it takes you straight to the Uro-block.”

“Awesome, Thank you by the way.” Eloise said, actually grateful for the quick tour even if Allie didn’t think much of it.

“See, someone appreciates my tour. Also, all the other teaching blocks are connected to that one with signposts to them all inside and outside each door. So if you can get to that block, you should be able to find your way around from there. Oh, and before I forget that’s where the toilets are too.”

“What do you mean that’s where the toilets are, don’t most of these places have them too?”

“No, the only toilets are in the main teaching campus buildings.” Vanessa answered casually, as if it was perfectly normal for work places or establishments to be without one.

“And the house?” Eloise said quizzically, unless she had been given the only one?”

“Oh yeah, I forgot about that one in your room. I think there is one in each housing block, two in first year accommodation, but most people don’t really use them.”

“What do you mean?” Eloise asked again, still confused by the conversation.

I mean, most of us can hold it long enough to just go in the campus when we are there. If you cant hold It a few hours I’d be worried about surviving here for long. Plus a lot of the time things come up where you can get extra credits or even cash for helping out with studies of all kinds. No point in wasting a useful resource right.”

“So neither of you pee at home?” She asked, turning to look at Allie.

“I mean, I wouldn’t say never and I did a lot in first year before I really got myself under control. But honestly, I cant remember the last time I didn’t use a campus toilet.” She said casually as they walked towards the coffee shop. “Its kind of frowned upon for third years to be that needy, almost a sign of failing to lean and demonstrate what we are being taught.” She added.

“But haven’t you been here for a day already?”

“Yeah so?” Allie asked, reaching for the door handle and turning it.

“You haven’t gone in all that time?”

Vanessa couldn’t help but laugh behind her “Oh I forgot what it was like to be a freshman. Yeah, trust me over the next couple of years you will realise how inconvenient or costly it can be to pee and probably develop your own limits considerably. Although, even in first year a day wasn’t too hard for me, you might have to start working on it if you want to make the most of your time here.” She finished, the ending a little more harsh than perhaps she had meant it but the message was clear.

“Oh, ok” Eloise said slightly sheepishly, was it so unusual to pee as often as she did, would that affect her grades? She hadn’t considered all of the extra things she might have to do when applying to this university. Its renown for studying all things bladder based now taking on a new emphasis in her mind, not only theoretical but apparently physical.

“Hey, don’t look so glum. Everyone starts out like you, we have two years of experience on our side.” Allie tried to comfort her slightly. “And even the smallest bladders in first year are all much stronger now, Speaking of…” Allie smiled to herself as they approached the counter.

“Hey summer, Usual please”

“Hey Allie, sure thing.” The blonde said, smiling sweetly at her.

“Oh and this is our new housemate by the way.”

“Sorry I missed the move in” Summer said, offering her hand for Eloise to shake across the counter.

“No problem, nice to meet you too” Eloise said, smiling and shaking her hand.

“So I know Allie’s drink of choice, what are you after?”

“Oh sorry, I’m good thank you. They are just giving me a quick tour on the way to the shop.”

“Ah awesome. Yeah definitely feel like we have a good house this year”

“Its only been one day” Allie joked, accepting her Coffee and paying for it with her watch that seemed identical to the one Eloise currently had on.

“You going the Freshers initiation later?” Summer asked, looking back towards her and ignoring Allies comment.

“Initiation?” Eloise asked apprehensively

“Its just a party don’t worry, no cult sacrifices or anything like that. Just cheep booze and ice breakers.” Vanessa said, stepping up and giving her own order. “Almost everyone goes to it from Urodynamics. Mainly first years but some second and third years go along, I think we have been every year and its good fun.”

“Sure, I mean if you guys are going im happy to join.” Eloise said, not one for large parties but she was coming here to do new things so why not join in. Plus it would give her a good chance to get to know all her new housemates.

It was a thought she was starting to regret as she stood in her room a few hours later looking at herself in the mirror. Her plain looking body draped in a dress she had owned for years and had hoped to fill out into at least with her top half. But to her frustration, it seemed the late flowering her mum talked about simply wasn’t happening. Ruffling the cream coloured dress she had a quick spin before heading into the on suite bathroom. After her new friends comments earlier she had put this off far longer than she had intended, trying to push herself a little. Her desperation had hit new heights when she had been putting on her matching heels, the final straw that made her realise enough was enough. Shuffling quickly to the toilet she sat down and let out a powerful stream, staring at the blank wall opposite with her arms on her thighs she sighed deeply. What was she getting herself into tonight, hopefully nothing too crazy.

Hearing the excited rabble of a few others in the kitchen over her stream, she figured it was about time to join the others.

Stepping into the kitchen she was met with a new face, the one remaining person to meet.

“Uh, hi im guessing you are Lucy?” She asked, holding out a hand tentatively to the buxom and tall red head standing next to Vanessa.

“Don’t be silly” She said, waving away the hand and coming in for a deep hug. “It’s nice to meet you Eloise, you ready to have some fun tonight?” She asked, a glint of mischief in her eyes that told her that Lucy definitely was.

“Yeah, although im probably not going to drink too much with Lectures starting tomorrow.”

“Haven’t you seen the Email, classes are Cancelled!” Lucy almost yelled happily.

Turning on her watch Eloise quickly scanned to the Email app and sure enough there it was.

“Dear Students,

Because of a major electrical fault, the main teaching blocks have been closed for your safety while essential repairs are made to the system. As such, all lessons are postponed until it is deemed safe to renter the buildings. Please keep an eye on your emails to make sure you don’t miss any updates.

Sincerely, Dean Mary Johnson.”

“Wait, so its just the teaching blocks that are closed, isn’t that a little weird?” Eloise asked, the others shrugging at her.

“Hey, it works for me. I think Julia might be the only one upset that classes are cancelled for now.” Kay joked.

“Yeah, so no excuses. Lets get ready to have fun!” Zara cheered loudly, the others joining in.

That voice of regret getting a little louder in the back of Eloise’s mind, but she just had to keep reminding herself, she was here to try and see new things.

###

Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed the first chapter!

All feedback is always welcome!
