He wouldn’t stop watching me (female point of view)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2022-03-22 15:00

He wouldn’t stop watching me!

It had been one of those days, the end of the financial year and meeting after meeting to conclude projects and discuss new ones, reconfigure teams, printing spreadsheets and finalising contracts. Absolutely non stop, fuelled by endless tea and coffee, pizza delivered to the office to celebrate a new deal and everyone wanting me like never before. It wasn’t until I walked out the door rushing to catch my train home that I realised I hadn’t stopped once, even for the loo.

I never use public toilets, especially those horrid tiny ones on trains. The journey home is about 40 minutes and I was sure I would just about manage it. Standing still heading up the escalator to the platform though I was very aware that my bladder was full, the waistband of my suit skirt feeling too tight and uncomfortable. Having had to stand still for those few minutes on the moving escalator I was so glad to be free onto the platform and move more. Usually, of course, I am as restrained as the next person and remain stoically frozen to the spot in silence waiting to board, but today I paced a little anxiously waiting to sit down and cross my legs and try to forget how badly I needed to wee. I never go all day at work without at least one toilet break. How I had managed it today is anyone’s guess!

@@I was so grateful to get a seat, even if I was surrounded by men on every side of me, right beside me, opposite and diagonal. I crossed my legs tightly trying to think of anything but my bladder and looked out the window aimlessly. The minute or so before the doors closed felt so long and the tiny jolt of the train as we set off made my bladder spasm, so much so I had to quickly change position and recross my legs the other way. Maybe I needed to reconsider my opinion of train toilets? I looked around the carriage wondering where the toilet might even be thinking of wether to risk the possibility of losing my seat by trying to find it or just wait it out. In the end the embarrassment of trying to find a loo was too much and I quickly dismissed that idea and returned to looking out the window. Maybe I was imagining it but the man opposite seemed like he was watching me? I hoped not. He was rather nice looking and I bit my lip in embarrassment hoping he couldn’t tell how full my bladder was and how much I really needed to find a bathroom right then.

By the time we’d reached the second stop I could feel my very full bladder bouncing around. It ached; a dull constant ache urging me to pee soon. I nursed it with my arm feeling it rock hard against me as my tightly crossed legs helped me keep my throbbing urethra closed and my tapping foot kept enough movement to remind my body it absolutely wasn’t the right time to pee right now. At least that man definitely wasn’t staring at me now as his eyes were on the floor for once. Hopefully he couldn’t see my flushed cheeks and lip biting. This journey just wasn’t going quick enough! I was bursting and couldn’t stop thinking just how much liquid I’d unknowingly consumed throughout the day.

@@At least we were steadily making progress, though the pressure in my body was now constant and it was getting harder and harder to sit still. Crossing my legs wasn’t enough but there wasn’t enough room on the cramped seat to do anything else. I desperately wanted to press my crotch hard with my hand but that was simply impossible so I had to resign myself instead to rubbing the top of my thigh trying to deflect my senses from the throbbing want between my legs to my thigh instead. It wasn’t really working though and I was so tense my back was starting to ache now and my teeth were clenched. Finally the train stopped again and at long last the larger male beside me got off giving me freedom to move more. I immediately uncrossed my legs and wriggled trying to find a comfortable position but really struggling. I couldn’t recall ever having to go as badly! The man opposite was still there and it felt like he was eyeing me up though I didn’t risk looking properly for fear our eyes might meet.

The train pulled away from the platform to yet another train tannoy reminding us that the train was a few minutes late and thanking us for our patience. If only they knew how much I was struggling to be patient right now! Then the most awful thing happened and the train suddenly stopped! I couldn’t stop myself from gasping quietly in horror. I couldn’t afford any further delays right now. I was barely hanging on as it was, my leg shaking because I was struggling so much as I wriggled yet again hoping the poor gent in front of me wasn’t aware of what was going on in my body right then. I I looked everywhere other than at him using every ounce of my concentration to hold onto my pee, my hand now patting my thigh constantly impatiently. I had to pee so badly! ‘Come on train move would you’, I thought.

I suddenly jumped, as did the good looking man in front of me, as an internal door banged shut and I saw the ticket inspector coming through. Oh God no! My ticket was in my purse in my hand bag which was at my feet. I delayed getting it as long as possible knowing what bending forwards might do. I was right because as I bent forwards into my bag I felt that first dribble escape and I clamped my thighs together urgently knowing I was not going to last the rest of the journey anymore. As much as it pained me to do so I was going to have to swallow my pride and ask the ticket inspector where the toilet was.I seriously couldn’t hold it back any longer!

I could feel my cheeks redden and my neck burning as I quietly asked, praying that Mr handsome opposite couldn’t hear. The inspector wasn’t quiet though and I hated that little smirk he had when informing me that the toilet was out of order and I’d have to use one at the station. He’d seen my ticket so he knew exactly where I’m going. Did he really think if I could wait that long I’d go to all the bother of asking? Damn! What was I to do now?

Well wether that guy had heard or not I couldn’t help but wriggle more, fidgeting around anxiously, scissoring my legs in and out, bouncing my legs, anything to just help me hold. He must know? This was so humiliating and embarrassing but I didn’t know what else to do. All I wanted was to be able to relax, release, get off the bloody train and get to a ladies RIGHT NOW! I could have actually cried as each station came and went and I was internally thinking ‘I’m almost losing it. Any minute now I’m going to have an accident!’ I couldn’t sit still, sitting right back in the seat tensely then having to cross my legs, only to uncross them, nursing my aching bladder and bouncing around. He was still there and I was sure now that he’d been watching me. He just wouldn’t stop looking at my twisting legs, my bloated bladder, my shaking shoes, the hair I was twirling anxiously with my fingers. Was he disgusted and as embarrassed as I was Who knew?

@@The next station was announced and I decided rather suddenly that enough was enough. If I sat there any longer I was going to flood the place right in front of the stranger and so I grabbed my bag despite this next station not actually being my destination and I struggled towards the double doors horrified to suddenly notice the man opposite me was now standing right beside me! Oh God this was SO embarrassing and I couldn’t even stand still! He was even more attractive now he was standing up too. I was very clearly doing an ‘I need to pee’ dance gasping and struggling so much when suddenly our eyes met and he asked gently if I was ok. I wanted to yell at him that I clearly was anything but ok but I mustered as much professionalism as possible and asked quietly if he happened to know if the station had a ladies I could use. It HAD to! I was hanging on by the skin of my teeth and he had to be able to see that? I couldn’t even stand still at all, the noise of the heels of my shoes echoing right through the carriage compartment.

He very kindly directed me but just the thought of now being so near seemed to make it suddenly worse as I bent forward and asked if they were far away. Even if they were right outside the train door when it opened I was beginning to think I still wouldn’t make it now. I’d been holding on for so long now that my poor vagina was quivering and I was shaking in need. I stepped off the train beside the man as he offered to show me the way. I did try to follow him but his steps were bigger, his pace quicker, his legs longer and I could barely move for fear I was about to pee everywhere. I was never going to make it. I physically couldn’t get there quick enough!

@@Then he turned and seemed to come back towards me as I was bent forwards on the platform alone with a hand on the front of my skirt holding my crotch as best I could. As he approached I heard his voice asking if it was bad. For fucks sake it couldn’t have been worse if I had tried! I was leaking for God’s sake! I nodded shyly not able to actually tell him. I watched his face as he looked around anxiously before suggesting casually that I could pee behind this huge advertisement board on the side of the platform. I have never peed outside…well not for many many years anyway…but this was a dire emergency and I had no other choice. I hobbled behind the board shouted at the stranger to keep watch for me. As I struggled to pull my skirt up and tights and knickers down he appeared to be watching me again before suddenly looking away as if ashamed or…was he hard? Surely not? Fuck I couldn’t think straight as I breathed in and out quickly as my body poured out urine thick and fast as it splashed between my legs making a huge puddle. I couldn’t stop even though it felt like I was hovering there for forever as my poor huge bladder emptied on and on. All I could think about now was that clear swelling I could see in his trousers.

Finally the whooshing and whizzing eased to a few spurts that splashed cheekily and I shook and pulled up my underwear and tights using my hands to straighten my skirt down as I stepped over the running puddle I had just made and walked past the stranger keeping guard. I was so much more relaxed now as I commented walking past how I’d never been so bursting in all my life. He didn’t reply as he walked behind me trying to catch up. I smiled back asking if there were buses to Oakdale from the main road noticing he was very flushed looking but had a huge smile he couldn’t hide. He nodded back and then briskly headed towards the car park as I saw a bus approaching and ran to catch it.

It wasn’t far on the bus to home and as I stared out the window I couldn’t stop thinking about the stranger on the train who didn’t stop watching me the whole train journey as I squirmed and fidgeted right in front of him. He was so kind and helpful and understanding and extremely good looking. I was sure I had seen him in the same carriage as me before too. How I’d really love to see him again soon. A girl can dream right?

*003*2022-03-22 17:13

{{27 minutes ago, Apan said:

Excellent, even better than the first version! I'm getting the feeling that multi-angled stories are becoming a thing now.

I'd love to see an alternate ending to this one, maybe something along the lines of her actually trying to get to said restroom in time instead of being saved at the last moment...

}}

I actually hadn’t thought about doing this one from the other angle, though I write omo novels on here from duel angle all the time. It was a comment on the first version requesting it which I was only too happy to do. I was determined it wouldn’t be exactly the sane just with the gender change though as everyone thinks differently and sharing from a new viewpoint gives opportunities for new information to be added too.

So glad you enjoyed as always a worry when it’s the second version that’s it too predictable.

