Together in Times Of Desperation (book 2 of Sarah and Will) - Page 7

*150*2020-11-18 09:39

Chapter 65:

Will sipped at his coffee and slid Sarah’s tea towards her. He was a fixer, a sorter, a solution driven man, a practical person in every way, and his mind spun with thoughts of hospitals, lack of petrol in Sarah’s car and the unsolved mystery of why she had been at the bank that morning, combined with the nagging feeling that he still hadn’t cleaned his bathroom.

‘She’s all I have Will.’

‘You have me too.’

‘I know. But you are not family.’

‘I could be.’

‘Will you can’t be my brother, not that I had one anyway, or my dad or mum or anything else. I know you mean well but no-one can replace parents. It’s just not possible.’

Will hung his head and took another sip of coffee. He hadn’t meant to upset Sarah more and that wasn’t what he had meant anyway. He’d messed things up again. Maybe Sarah was right saying he was autistic, or maybe he was just inept and stupid, but either way he hated that Sarah was hurt and confused. So under his breath, facing the table and not even looking at Sarah, he mumbled what he really meant.

‘I meant I could be your husband, that’s all.’

Sarah took a moment to gather her thoughts. Sometimes conversations with Will were deep, meaningful and constructive. Other times they were hard work, hurtful, and confusing, almost like they spoke two different languages. Pulling her mug closer she hugged it with both hands then took a sip. But wait? What was that Will had just said? Her brain tried to make sense of the sounds it had heard.

‘Will, did you just suggest what I thought you did?’

Will looked at Sarah and spoke clearer and louder than before.

‘Why do people ask questions like that? I mean think about it: how can I say if I said what you thought I said if I have no idea what it was you thought I said in the first place? I’m confused.’

Sarah smiled and finally looked at Will.

‘Ok. I’ll be a bit clearer Will. Did you just say you could become my husband?’

Will’s face went red and his hands were sweating as he reached to get a digestive biscuit to distract himself. Losing his confidence again he nodded and stuttered.

‘Em...ye...yes I...yes I did.’

Sarah reached out and took Will’s hand in hers, resting their arms on the table between them.

‘Will you sure pick your timings! This morning the bank told me my business can’t be saved even though I haven’t paid myself a wage for three months, I then run out of petrol while needing the toilet, I wet myself in the pouring rain, then find out my elderly mum with dementia has been rushed to hospital then you bloody well propose to me! I know you are probably autistic but geez I doubt you’ll be named Mr romance of the year anytime soon!’

Will hadn’t thought of it like that. He’d planned an afternoon at the coast on Friday to mark his birthday and he wanted to talk about his idea then, perhaps sitting on the rocks watching the sun set or walking along the beach hand in hand. Instead he’d blurted it out all wrong and at the worst possible time. With a mouth full of biscuit he tried to apologise.

‘I’m..I’m so sor...’

Squeezing Will’s hand tight Sarah suddenly felt dizzy and nauseous.

‘Will if there is one thing I can tell you as a therapist it is this. Don’t ever apologise for your feelings. We should apologise for mistakes but never emotions. Your timing may be somewhat unusual, your delivery very...well ‘Will like’ I guess..., but your heart gave your mouth words and you couldn’t hold back. That is one of the many hundreds of things I love about you. Besides even on seriously rubbish days like today there’s always something good if you look hard enough. You just made it easier to find. So as long as you are not expecting this skint and tired therapist to buy you a ring then I accept. I would love you to be my husband Will Highland.’

*151*2020-11-19 10:07

Chapter 66:

Will stared at Sarah thinking she seemed radiant and even more beautiful than ever before. Was he dreaming? Had she just agreed to marry him? What was he supposed to do now? He wished he had his phone or iPad to hand so he could google the most appropriate way to respond when a beautiful girl agrees to marry you. That’s how he learned every other social response and where he learnt social scripts to memorise. This was the biggest moment of his life but he was lost for words. He just gazed adoringly at Sarah watching as she rose from her chair and stood up.

Sarah felt giddy, overcome by the events of the day, tired and emotional, when suddenly the room seemed to spin and she felt sick. Standing quickly and stepping towards the sink she suddenly vomited. This wasn’t how life was meant to go, this wasn’t how proposals happened, this certainly wasn’t how things went in the movies. As things settled every bit as quickly as they had come over her she wiped her face with some wet kitchen roll and turned to Will.

‘Apologies Will. I don’t know what happened there!’

‘I asked if I could be your husband?’

Laughing slightly Will added.

‘I hope the thought of that wasn’t what made you sick lovely? Seriously, are you ok? Do you need a doctor? I can take you to hospital if you want? Or should I take you to a pharmacy?’

Sarah sat back down feeling a little brighter but exhausted.

‘I don’t feel unwell Will. Strange maybe, exhausted and stressed. It’s been quite some day. Would you mind if I had a lie down for a bit?’

‘Are you sure you don’t need tests or anything?’

‘Quite sure Will. It’s probably a stress migraine. I’m sure I’ll feel much better after a lie down.’

Without saying anything more Will took Sarah by the hand and lead her to his bed, fluffing the pillows before she laid down and pulling the duvet over her. Terrified of leaving her he sat on the bed beside her stroking her silky hair until she fell asleep. Looking down at the angel beside him he couldn’t help his thoughts running away with him. What if she had cancer? Or a brain tumour? What if she died? Taking deep breaths to stop himself hyperventilating Will left Sarah for less than a minute while he went to get his laptop. Climbing back on the bed besides Sarah he had a lot he wanted to research. He started by making a list on Word.

Common causes of vomiting

Where is S.Mary’s hospital in Springland?

Gastroenteritis in the elderly

First thing you should do after asking someone to marry you

He started the first search, reading about migraines, food poisoning, tummy bugs, tumours, seizures, cancers and pregnancy. Looking down at Sarah he decided that whatever she said when she woke he would absolutely insist she got medical attention that night.

Still worried he moved to the second search. Noting the hospital postcode and directions he used google street map to do a full virtual drive from his own apartment to the hospital entrance. What if Sarah herself was seriously ill? The hospital was very large. What if Sarah was admitted? How would he ever find her?

That led his thoughts to Barbara. What sort of ward would a dementia patient with gastroenteritis be admitted to? Will skimmed the list of wards...surgical: no, paediatric: definitely not, neurology? Unlikely. Infection diseases? Probably not. Mental Heath? Mmm possible. Orthopaedic, that could be ruled out. Maternity? Will chuckled a little, checking he hadn’t stirred Sarah. General ward? That seemed by far the most likely. Will copied a map of the hospital and saved it to his laptop. There was no way Sarah could visit her mum alone especially with having vomited, but the thought of going somewhere new and out his comfort zone made Will sweat.

He moved onto ‘gastroenteritis in the elderly’ as he shivered at how dangerous it could be.

With his anxiety mounting Will did his final search noting things that should have happened but didn’t. He hadn’t ‘gone down on one knee’ or ‘produced a ring especially bought for the occasion’ or even embraced and kissed Sarah when she said yes. Copying and pasting the list he titled it ‘How I failed at proposing to Sarah’ then he closed his laptop and looked again at Sarah.

As his eyes moved up he saw the bedroom clock. 16:14. How could so much have happened and it wasn’t even evening yet?

*152*2020-11-20 10:33

Chapter 67:

Closing the laptop Will suddenly remembered he still hadn’t cleaned the bathroom! Checking Sarah was ok he set about gathering everything he needed and systematically wiping, mopping and scrubbing. Recalling why he was cleaning brought a smile to his face but the underlying worry of everything else still weighed heavy on his mind. Once the bathroom was clean and everything cleared away Will returned to sit beside Sarah, still in shock at the thought she had agreed to be his wife. She had to be ok. She just had to.

Drifting into a brief nap Will rested his head on the headboard still too anxious to leave his princess alone. Finally waking up he checked the time in shock. 17:27. He would normally be leaving work right now, full bladdered and hungry. He had been dreading a week off work and all the changes that would bring but now on Thursday evening he thought back to all that had happened in the last four days with amazement. He’d decorated Sarah’s living room, been in a supermarket for the first time in his life, walked in the woods, rescued Sarah when she ran out of petrol and now she had agreed to marry him. He shook his head in disbelief that he had done any of it since prior to meeting Sarah he never left the house apart from work and relied on the internet for everything. His life was almost unrecognisable but seeing Sarah snoring lightly he realised for the first time just how much Sarah’s life had changed too.

His thoughts were interrupted by noises from his stomach as he realised he should really start on dinner. He hoped Sarah would manage some food because she’d barely eaten anything that day and looked so pale. Deciding a healthy home cooked meal would benefit them both he finally mustered the courage to leave Sarah and head to the kitchen. Thursday was red meat day and looking in the fridge Will settled on home made steak pie with fresh mashed potatoes and green beans. He had no sooner diced, browned and prepared the meat in a casserole dish when he heard Sarah’s mobile ring. Picking it up he immediately ran to wake Sarah.

Sarah was just stirring awake when Will rushed in with a ringing mobile.

‘Sarah, Sarah, your phone is ringing.’

Sitting up in the bed Sarah took the phone from Will and answered it. Will left her alone, delighted to see her awake and alert and keen to get the potatoes on to cook, get the pastry rolled and on the dish, and get the pie in the oven. He was just finding a pot for the green beans when Sarah walked in.

‘Hi honey. Everything ok?’

‘That was Mandy. Mum has been admitted to ward 5 at St. Mary’s. She’s on a drip and settled but obviously confused. Visiting is 7-8 and 2-3pm.’

‘That’s the acute geriatric ward. 2nd floor, main building right hand side.’

‘Will how do you know that? Was that where your parents were?’

‘I did some research while you had a nap. It’s a University teaching hospital completely rebuilt in 2011 with the fourth biggest maternity hospital in England. It has 1220 beds, 36 wards and over 4 thousand staff work there. It has 4 multilevel car parks, two to the side and two to the rear of the hospital and...Are you feeling any better by the way?’

‘A bit yes. Worried about mum though. I think I will go visit tonight. Is that dinner you are making? What time is it do you know?’

Will checked his watch.

‘Ten to 6. Dinner will be ready in about half an hour. According to google it’s a 20 minute drive so you might not arrive for 7 but you won’t be long after. Are you sure you are well enough to drive? Sarah... I am worried about you.’

‘It’s my mum Will. She’s sick.’

Will hated going anywhere unknown. Anxiety made him feel sick at the very thought of going out in an evening and hospitals sent his heart rate rocketing. But remembering how little petrol Sarah had in her car, knowing she had financial difficulties and still seriously concerned at how pale and exhausted she was he said something he never dreamt possible.

‘Sarah, would you like me to drive you? I already wrote down the postcode.’

Sarah looked at Will as he nonchalantly continued cooking. Had he really suggested leaving his apartment at night? Although better after the nap she still didn’t feel 100% and, while she wasn’t going to admit it, the thought of seeing her mum ill on her own scared her.

‘If you think you can manage I would really appreciate that greatly Will. Thank you.’

*153*2020-11-21 09:57

Chapter 68:

Will dished up dinner and filled two glasses with iced water. He was pleased to see Sarah eat well though she ate in silence. He didn’t know what to say himself so he enjoyed his own meal and water then cleaned the dishes before loading the dishwasher. It still looked odd to have two plates instead of one but it did make the tray more symmetrical which pleased him immensely. Conscious of time he washed his hands before looking round for Sarah.

‘Any idea where my suit jacket is from earlier Will? I can’t find it.’

Will walked over to the armchair by the window and handed Sarah her thin suit jacket which was now dry from its earlier adventure in the rain. With only her dress on underneath Will worried about her feeling cold. He walked to his bedroom, slid open his wardrobe and stood staring in looking for something. Pulling out a grey fleece hoody he handed it to Sarah who was stood in the hallway waiting.

‘To keep you a bit warmer.’

‘Thanks’

Sarah slipped her arms in the fleece, immediately feeling it’s warmth and comfort as they headed out Will’s apartment and into the cold evening drizzle to drive to the hospital. Will still felt guilty wearing his coat when Sarah didn’t have one so he turned the car heating on as he typed in the hospital postcode. He looked at Sarah as he pulled out the car park and smiled.

‘She’ll be ok.’

‘I hope so.’

Will concentrated intently on following the commands of his all too familiar sat nav as adrenaline helped override his ever present anxiety. Twenty minutes passed in a haze as he finally and confidently pulled into car park 1 as if he came every day. Turning his engine off he heard the most beautiful and lovely voice in the whole world.

‘Thank you Will. I am proud of you!’

Suddenly unsure if Sarah wanted him to wait in the car or come in he undid his seatbelt but remained sitting.

‘Would you come in with me Will? Please.’

That was all Will needed as he got out, locked the car and took Sarah’s hand. The hospital was exactly like he had seen earlier on his laptop as he visualised the map and headed for the main entrance then the lift to floor 2. Arriving outside the ward at 7:15 Will pushed open the double doors not realising they were locked. Sarah looked around then pressed the buzzer entry. Eventually a voice spoke.

‘Who are you here to visit please?’

Sarah spoke clearly into the speaker.

‘Barbara Henderson, thanks’

The door buzzed open and Sarah and Will walked through.

Chapter 68 (again as posted wrong)

Will dished up dinner and filled two glasses with iced water. He was pleased to see Sarah eat well though she ate in silence. He didn’t know what to say himself so he enjoyed his own meal and water then cleaned the dishes before loading the dishwasher. It still looked odd to have two plates instead of one but it did make the tray more symmetrical which pleased him immensely. Conscious of time he washed his hands before looking round for Sarah.

‘Any idea where my suit jacket is from earlier Will? I can’t find it.’

Will walked over to the armchair by the window and handed Sarah her thin suit jacket which was now dry from its earlier adventure in the rain. With only her dress on underneath Will worried about her feeling cold. He walked to his bedroom, slid open his wardrobe and stood staring in looking for something. Pulling out a grey fleece hoody he handed it to Sarah who was stood in the hallway waiting.

‘To keep you a bit warmer.’

‘Thanks’

Sarah slipped her arms in the fleece, immediately feeling it’s warmth and comfort as they headed out Will’s apartment and into the cold evening drizzle to drive to the hospital. Will still felt guilty wearing his coat when Sarah didn’t have one so he turned the car heating on as he typed in the hospital postcode. He looked at Sarah as he pulled out the car park and smiled.

‘She’ll be ok.’

‘I hope so.’

Will concentrated intently on following the commands of his all too familiar sat nav as adrenaline helped override his ever present anxiety. Twenty minutes passed in a haze as he finally and confidently pulled into car park 1 as if he came every day. Turning his engine off he heard the most beautiful and lovely voice in the whole world.

‘Thank you Will. I am proud of you!’

Suddenly unsure if Sarah wanted him to wait in the car or come in he undid his seatbelt but remained sitting.

‘Would you come in with me Will? Please.’

That was all Will needed as he got out, locked the car and took Sarah’s hand. The hospital was exactly like he had seen earlier on his laptop as he visualised the map and headed for the main entrance then the lift to floor 2. Arriving outside the ward at 7:15 Will pushed open the double doors not realising they were locked. Sarah looked around then pressed the buzzer entry. Eventually a voice spoke.

‘Who are you here to visit please?’

Sarah spoke clearly into the speaker.

‘Barbara Henderson, thanks’

The door buzzed open and Sarah and Will walked through.

*154*2020-11-22 13:21

Chapter 69:

A nurse took Sarah and Will to the four bedded area where Sarah’s mum lay asleep on a bed by the window. Her curtains were half drawn, machines beeped at her side and a saline drip was attached to her wrist. Will pulled a nearby seat over for Sarah and tapped her shoulder to let her know. He hated seeing Barbara so weak and could only imagine how Sarah must feel as flashbacks to seeing his own mum after the car crash flooded back to his mind. For a fleeting moment he thought back to how simple and routine his life had been before meeting Sarah but one glance at Sarah made him instantly know he couldn’t be without her, even if life was much more complicated and intense now. He stepped forwards and put his arm around Sarah’s shoulder still unsure what, if anything, to say.

Sarah held her mum’s hand despite the cannula sticking out the back. Her hand felt frail, cold and boney. She looked at her mum’s face which was peaceful but pale. She had aged even in the few days since she last saw her and Sarah didn’t want to face the possibility her mum wouldn’t always be around. Resting her mum’s hand gently on the blanket that covered her she stroked her mum’s forehead, leaned forward, and whispered to her.

‘You are going to be Ok mum. It’s Sarah. You are going to get better. I promise.’

Will stood in silent pride at the strength and dignity of his...his fiancée. He needed to get used to that word. Seeing Sarah now he had no doubt she was the best thing to ever happen in his life.

As if on cue Sarah turned and smiled at him, pain evident in her eyes but a connection between them deep and unspoken. Reaching out and holding Will’s hand tightly Sarah bent once again to speak to her elderly sick mum.

‘Mum, I hope you can hear me. I have some news for you. Will asked me to marry him and I said yes. You remember Will don’t you?’

Will clasped Sarah’s hand tightly as he looked down at Barbara and swore her mouth moved, as if trying to smile. Wondering wether to say or not he heard Sarah sniffle.

‘I think she approves Will. Did you see her try to smile?’

Will instantly and emotionally pulled Sarah close, holding her in his arms and kissing the top of her hair. Whispering and struggling to speak through emotion Will brushed Sarah’s hair off her forehead.

‘Do you want to stay longer or...’

‘Maybe we could speak to someone on the way out? I need to know what’s going to happen.’

Will, of all people, could understand that. In that sense at least Sarah was exactly like him. There were so many unknowns just now and Will wished there was someone he could get answers from for much much more than Sarah’s mum’s health.

For right now though he was glad they were heading home soon because he hadn’t had time to use the bathroom before they left and he wished he had.

*155*2020-11-23 13:22

Chapter 70:

Leaving the small room Sarah found the nurses station as Will walked behind.

‘Excuse me. I was looking for an update on Ms Barbara Henderson who came in earlier today. I am her daughter Sarah and her next of kin.’

‘If you give me a moment I’ll check for you.’

Will slid his hands in his pocket anxiously, partly through nerves and partly due to needing the loo. The latter wasn’t particularly bad but it still felt reassuring and with clean slacks on after what happened earlier he didn’t want to dirty a second pair of trousers in one day.

Thankfully the nurse typed a few things onto her computer then looked up at Sarah sympathetically.

‘Hi, your mum arrived at our accident and emergency department at 3:35 today having been referred from Wilson home for the elderly by general practitioner Dr. Cunningham. She had been vomiting for over 12 hours and was suffering from tachycardia, confusion and dehydration. After an initial assessment in accident and emergency Ms. Henderson was prescribed intravenous fluids and antibiotics. We understand from a Mr Peter Wilson who accompanied her in the ambulance that Ms Henderson has a recent diagnosis of dementia and more specifically Alzheimer’s disease. I assume you are aware of that?’

Sarah felt her heart crumble hearing those words again. Though inside she felt broken she drew from her inner reserves of professionalism as a therapist and replied accordingly.

‘Yes. Mum was diagnosed formally less than a month ago though she’s been struggling for many years with her memory, speech, concentration and co-ordination. I cared for her alone until almost two years ago. She can still do some things herself like eat and use the toilet though. Do you expect she will recover ok? I assume she will be here at least a few days?’

‘I would certainly expect so. The doctor will assess her again in the morning and we will know more then. Would you like me to take your details as next of kin? I have the main contact here as Peter Wilson?’

‘Yes please.’

Sarah gave her details as Will awkwardly looked around wondering how anyone could be a nurse or doctor and work effectively with so much going on around them. He just wanted home as quickly as possible as the smell, noise and busyness overwhelmed him. He felt deeply for Barbara who would at some point, he presumed, wake in a strange place and his heart broke at how that might feel. He could only think how distressing he would find it and he wasn’t elderly or struggling with dementia. Despite still needing a pee he paused and looked back into Barbara’s room as his eyes welled up.

The next Will knew Sarah had taken his hand again and was pulling him gently out of the ward and towards the lift. She hadn’t spoken since giving the nurse her details and Will didn’t know if she wanted to talk or if she was happier not to. Was it acceptable to ask? He decided to wait until she said something first. He only needed to wait until they were getting into his car in the hospital car park.

‘Will do you really think mum smiled when I told her about us?’

‘Yes. Yes I do. I think she will get better too you know.’

‘Maybe. I just don’t know to be honest. But my stomach hurts and I’m still not feeling 100 percent. I was going to go back to mine tonight but...’

It hadn’t occurred to Will for a moment that Sarah might want to go back to her own house. The thought of her being alone, the thought of him being alone even, didn’t feel right, especially the night they had just committed their lives to each other. Besides tomorrow was his birthday and he wanted nothing else for a gift other that waking to Sarah beside him.

Delaying starting the car so he wasn’t distracted by driving Will reached over and took Sarah’s hand.

‘I was kind of hoping my future wife might stay over again. Tomorrow I wake as a 29 year old for the first time and I would love to do that with you beside me. Please?’

Sarah paused. How could she have forgotten tomorrow was Will’s birthday? It wasn’t that she didn’t like staying over at Will’s but pulling Will’s hooded top around her reminded her that it would be better if she had more of her own things with her.

‘I haven’t got you anything for your birthday Will but I will stay over as long as you don’t mind detouring past mine so I can get some of my things. This top is lovely but it’s not really my colour is it?’

Sarah had only been jesting about the colour but in true Will style his reply made her smile.

‘Grey would suit you worn with the right contrast colour. A charcoal black perhaps or a butterscotch yellow or even a sunset orange. But right now it only highlights your pasty pale complexion, I agree. Ok, via your house it is. I don’t need your postcode as it’s in my history already. See? We’ll be there in 12 minutes. I did some calculations once and my expected arrival time was would you believe 93% accurate. I thought that was impressive.’

*156*2020-11-24 12:04

Chapter 71:

Will pulled out the multi-storey car park listening intently to the calm soothing voice of his sat nav as he drove the unfamiliar route from the hospital to Sarah’s. He was grateful Sarah had sat quietly so he could hear and respond to the instructions as the rain started again and it was now dark. Relieved to pull into Sarah’s drive at last he decided to keep the engine running to prevent the windscreen misting up.

‘I’ll wait here while you get whatever you need sweetheart.’

Sarah unlocked her front door picking up that morning’s post and sitting it on the bottom step for now. Heading upstairs she found a small suitcase in the spare room and filled it with basics from her drawers and wardrobe. She then went into the bathroom lifting her razor, toothbrush, shower gel and shampoo and bagging them too. Still having mild cramp she paused and decided to go the toilet before getting anything else she might need. It wasn’t until she relaxed on the toilet that she realised just how full her bladder had been. 

Cleaning herself up she noticed she still hadn’t started her period and she suddenly thought she had better pack some sanitary towels to take with her. Will might have toothpaste, a hairdryer, even shower gel, but he sure as heck wouldn’t have sanitary protection she could use. Opening the small overhead glass cabinet where she kept her personal products Sarah sighed deeply. She hadn’t been able to buy any since last month and now she was late and she had none left. Fearing she could start any moment she decided she’d have to ask if Will could maybe stop at the big 24 hour Asda on route to his so she could buy some. She’d need to borrow money too but hopefully he wouldn’t mind.

Waiting alone in the car Will was becoming more aware of his full bladder. He was still able to wait but he very much looked forward to getting back to his apartment and using his own facilities. It shouldn’t take Sarah much longer to put some clothes and essentials in a bag surely? He gave his anatomy a brief squeeze as he looked at Sarah’s front door in anticipation. Beginning to wonder if he ought to check she was ok Will changed position in the seat as his need increased steadily.

Finally Sarah was sure she had as much as she needed as she picked up her laptop bag, phone changer and a book she was reading from the living room and lifted her suitcase and the mail from the bottom of the stairs to head back to Will’s. Still the rain poured as she grabbed a coat from the peg and put it on before stepping out the house, locking up and taking the few steps to Will’s car.

Seeing Will come out to help Sarah was grateful and relieved. He had all her belongings in his book in seconds as they both climbed in and belted up.

‘You got everything you need honey?’

‘Actually no. I hate to ask Will but would it be possible to borrow a few pounds? I need something really personal, medical even, and I have run out. You couldn’t make a slight detour to the 24 hour ASDA at the retail park could you? I really can’t do without this.’

The last thing Will wanted or needed was a delay getting back home, but whatever it was Sarah needed sounded urgent and he couldn’t have his princess in distress. He’d just need to hold a little longer.

‘Emm. Of course. As long as you are ok?’

‘I’ll be fine Will. Promise.’

*158*2020-11-25 16:18

Chapter 72:

‘Do you know the postcode for Asda honey? I can search through a list of nearby supermarkets by pressing this button but if you happen to know the postcode that might be quicker?’

‘To be honest Will I just know the way. I rarely use my sat nav and it’s probably years out of date now but I’ll direct you. It’s not far.’

Will had been scrolling through his sat nav while Sarah spoke when suddenly he looked at her beaming.

‘I’ve found it. Estimated time of arrival 20:21. Seems so strange seeing that time. I never leave the house after work.’

Sarah couldn’t help but smile with pride at how far Will had come on.

‘Well you have now eh. What a difference to the nervous, anxious, lacking in confidence man who walked into my work less than two months ago. You are amazing Will. I love you.’

‘I love you too. Now let’s see where this ASDA is shall we?’

Will followed the clear concise instructions from his sat nav to the letter, arriving at the large supermarket car park exactly at the time predicted. Pulling into a space near the front entrance Will turned the engine off and pulled his wallet out his pocket. Before handing anything to Sarah he pulled out a note and slid it into a compartment on his sunshade replacing the one he had used earlier. He had no idea what Sarah needed in the store or how much it cost so he pulled a couple of £20 notes out and handed them to Sarah.

Sarah felt awkward and guilty when Will had commented about never being out at this time. It was all her fault, she reasoned, because had her life not been such a mess right now Will would be in his own apartment relaxing instead of having to give her money just to buy sanitary towels in the pouring rain on a cold Thursday evening. She took the notes from Will determining to sort her finances urgently so she could pay him back.

Will watched Sarah dash the short distance into the shop, the hood up on the grey hoody he had loaned her and her hands around her waist holding it closed. He replayed what she had just said to him about how different he was now.

‘Oh the irony’ he muttered to himself. ‘She thinks I have changed but in one way I’m exactly as I was when we first me: desperate for a piss and too anxious to go! Oh please don’t be long my princess. I’m bursting sitting here!’

*159*2020-11-26 10:23

Chapter 73:

Inside the store Sarah headed straight to the health and beauty section, scanning the aisles for the product she needed. Turning into the right aisle something caught her eye and she stared silently as her mind paused for a moment as if frozen in time. Should she get one? Even just in case? Looking at the notes in her hand as if they might hold the answer to her dilemma she reached up and pulled one item down, almost causing others to fall off the shelf because she hadn’t been looking properly. Now she held it her hands seemed suddenly clammy and sweaty and weak. She stuck the item in the pocket of Will’s hoody before she dropped it then quickly grabbed the familiar sanitary towels she’d used for years. With both items in her pockets out of sight Sarah was just about to head to the checkout when she passed the end of the card aisle. Will’s birthday! The least she could do was get him a card!

Back in the car park Will squirmed as he people watched. He was amazed just how many people were not only out but shopping in a supermarket on a cold, wet, dark Thursday evening. Had they never heard of online shopping? Surely they couldn’t all be getting something in an emergency like Sarah, certainly not judging by the full trolleys and overflowing bags many had. With a hand leaning on, rubbing and squeezing his penis a more sexy thought crossed his mind too: could any of these random busy shoppers have bladders as full as his? Trying to take his mind off his urgent need he scanned for any females he might enjoy seeing crossed legged. Of course not one was a patch on his Sarah but he sure needed something to help him hold as his bladder and testicles ached with the volume of liquid needing out.

Sarah picked up a birthday card, reading the words then putting it back on the rack. It wasn’t saying what she wanted and the picture of generic sports cars wasn’t Will either. Neither was the one close by with a sports scene, nor the ones with corny age jokes. Trying to think what Will’s interests were she felt lost. He didn’t play sports, wasn’t overly into cars or bikes or computer games and even ones with pints of beer didn’t seem to work either. Moving along the men’s cards ones for uncles, dads, grandads, brothers and brother in laws were not suitable either, though seeing one for husband Sarah paused thinking at some point that one at least might be bought. Suddenly seeing a more neutral green card with a simple birthday cake on and the title ‘To my fiancée on your birthday’ Sarah felt better and picked it up including the envelope behind it.

While she was here should she look quickly for a gift? It might be Will’s money but she would repay him soon and even a small gift seemed better than nothing. Wondering where to start looking she turned into the next aisle and unintentionally found herself right where she needed to be. The seasonal aisle was full of gifts for men with just over two weeks to Father’s Day. Sarah picked up some socks but hung them back up. Too boring. A tie? Too formal. Cuff links? Did Will even wear them? A mug? Now that might work. Getting closer Sarah picked up a boxed large gift mug and the caption immediately made her think of Will. Chuckling to herself she headed once again to the checkout when she accidentally dropped the birthday card. Bending to pick it up her mind raced ahead again. Birthday cake? Now that would be perfect. Heading to the very back of the store towards the bakery Sarah couldn’t help smiling as she hoped Will was ok in the car.

What was taking Sarah so long? Will tapped his foot awkwardly and impatiently. Surely it didn’t take this long to get what she needed? Maybe she had seen someone she knew? Maybe she was sick again or fainted? What if she was in the lift and it had broken? The thought of going in and trying to find her terrified him, and even more so because of how badly he had to pee. His hand hadn’t left his crotch since Sarah had got out the car. Frantic, desperate, and unable to sit still Will tried thinking of what to do. If Sarah wasn’t back soon he was in serious danger of making a mess of his second pair of trousers that day.

*160*2020-11-27 11:19

Chapter 74:

With her hands loaded with a small birthday cake with a packet of candles, the card, and the mug, all balanced on top and the two more personal items in the pockets of Will’s grey fleece she had on, Sarah headed to the self scan checkouts smiling. It had definitely been a day to remember and not all for negative reasons. Scanning, bagging and paying she then lifted the bag of goods and headed out in the cold rain to Will’s car, slipping the change into her pocket so she didn’t lose it.

Racing towards Will’s car with the hood up on the top she wore she was so glad to climb into the warm and dry car. Placing the carrier bag between her legs she heard a moan and turned to Will. His face was taut, his teeth clenched and his body doubled forwards.

‘Will what’s wrong?’

Struggling to think coherently and form words Will almost shouted through clenched teeth.

‘What took you so long?’

Startled at his abrupt tone Sarah stared at Will in disbelief and shock. Had he had a panic attack? Was he ill?

‘I...I picked up a couple of other things while I was in. Will, what’s happened?’

‘I...I...oh fuck! I need back to mine NOW’

Staring at Will in the limited light of the supermarket car park Sarah could only just make out that Will had one hand near the top of his leg, tucked under the steering room. Suddenly realising what might be the issue she replied sympathetically and compassionately, even though Will had just raised his voice at her.

‘Will honey, there’s toilets in Asda if you are desperate? I didn’t know or I would have been quicker. I’m sorry.’

Pushing back on the seat as another strong urge hit Will squirmed and bounced frantically, struggling to breathe let alone respond.

‘Arghhh. Ohhhh’

‘Quick Will. There’s toilets by the money exchange bit just to the right as you go in. I’ll come with you. You can’t drive in that state!’

Seeing Will undo his trousers and slide his hand down to grab himself turned Sarah on so much but practically she knew Will’s car was very expensive and he would be angry and disappointed at himself if he ruined it. She couldn’t see much in the dim lights but she could certainly hear Will’s constant moans and hear his hand rubbing against his underpants. Looking around the car and opening his glove box Sarah searched quickly to see if there was anything Will could pee in, even just enough until he got back home. Not seeing anything she once again encouraged Will to come into the store.

‘Will you are very clearly bursting there honey. Please come into the shop and use their toilets. You can’t keep holding like that sweetheart. I’m guessing you’ve had to go a while by the state of you!’

‘Since...since the hospital. Oh fuck it’s about to come out! I...I can’t get out the car like this. I’ll ... Oh God I need to piss!’

Frantic to support Will, Sarah had a sudden thought.

‘Will click your boot open please. Quick! I’ve just remembered something...’

*162*2020-11-28 14:35

Chapter 75:

Will pressed the button on his door that released the central locking, wincing and moaning and squirming as he did so. Sarah meanwhile climbed out the car as quickly as she could, once again getting caught in the evening downpour as she searched for the button in the dark to open Will’s boot. Conscious how urgent the matter was she felt around in the dim light of the car park in the rain and grabbed what she hoped was the right thing. Closing the boot she was delighted to see from the faint glow of an outside street light that her instinct was indeed right.

Opening the passenger door and getting back in Sarah could hear Will gasping through clenched teeth as his body contorted strangely in the driver’s seat.

‘It’s...it won’t stay in! I can’t stop this!’

Calmly and reassuringly Sarah switched on the car interior light as she untwisted the top of the container in her hand. Her hormones were racing as fast as her heart beat as she saw more clearly how Will had a hand clasping his crotch inside his trousers and underwear as his other hand clung on tightly to the door handle of the driver’s door. His bottom was now raised off the seat, his body gripped tensely and tightly and his face flushed with the effort. Keeping the light on Sarah tugged a little at the waist of Will’s trousers, managing to get them down slightly. Seeing Will’s hand over his quivering penis and testicles sent waves of excitement through her but hearing Will moan told her she had no time to ogle as Will desperately needed her.

Slipping the now open plastic petrol can between Will’s knees Sarah urgently pulled the inside leg of Will’s boxers to the side and lifted his tightly grasped fingers from his glorious dick.

‘Pffft. Grrrr. Argh......ahhhhhhh’

Before Sarah could even point Will’s penis into the can she felt urine spurt out and splash into the empty container. Raising the can whilst simultaneously guiding Will’s manhood with her other hand Sarah watched in the faint light as Will slowly loosened his grip on the door handle and allowed his body to relax. Now his penis was securely in the petrol can Sarah leaned forward and switched the car interior light off but not before feeling an almost orgasmic high seeing Will’s head tipped back, his eyes close and his mouth open in sheer relief.

Will wasn’t 100% sure what he was pissing into but whatever it was he could fuck Sarah deeply for getting it, such was his level of relief and gratitude. As urine surged through his entire body and down his urethra and soared at speed out the tip of his penis his entire body felt like it was in a trance as it fully relaxed from the prolonged tense and fight.

‘Good Lord you were needing that Will Highland! It’s a good job it’s a 5 litre can!’

Will laughed as he bend down and shook the last drip from his penis and made himself decent again.

‘That feels much better. Thank you honey. I think we’ve had our monies worth out of that plastic can today. That’s the second emergency it’s saved us from in just one day! Now is it finally back to mine? I need a drink after that!’

*163*2020-11-29 09:33

Chapter 76:

‘Yes please. I’m in need of a cup of tea too!’

Will felt so much more relaxed now his bladder was empty. He followed his sat nav as always, even mimicking its commands because he felt deliriously happy for once. It made him smile hearing Sarah giggle as he thought how wonderful it was to finally have not just a woman but a best friend too.

Sarah couldn’t help but smile and laugh as Will mimicked the sat nav voice like a little child. He was normally such a serious anxious man and seeing a glimpse of a fun loving care free man was beautiful. Finally parked in the now familiar car park Will ran round to open the car door for Sarah like a true gentleman, bending to pick up the carrier bag of shopping and the petrol can. It was dark and still raining and as Will held the car door open with his body, his hands both grasping at the bag and the can, Sarah grabbed the petrol can from Will, unscrewed the top and before Will could stop her she tipped the can like a watering can and poured the contents out onto the ground. The urine mingled with the growing rain puddles and disappeared under and alongside the car as Sarah giggled softly.

Gasping Will watched as Sarah poured what had been the full contents of his bladder out right in front of him.

‘You can put it back in your boot for next time now!’

As Will clicked his boot open to put the petrol can in and get Sarah’s belongings out he looked at Sarah in the pouring rain and faint street light and replied.

‘Do you mean the next time you need petrol or the next time I have a full bladder?’

Racing to the main door through the rain Sarah smiled broadly at Will who was right behind with her suitcase and bags.

‘Maybe one day I might need it to pee in too. Emergencies can happen to anyone anytime you know.’

Unlocking the door Will took Sarah’s hand as they climbed the stairs to his apartment.

Sarah waited while Will placed the suitcase and bags on the landing while he unlocked the door of his apartment. Looking more serious than he had in the car and with tired eyes he winked at Sarah.

‘I think we’ve had quite enough emergencies today my lovely but I wouldn’t say no to that offer sometime.’

Pushing the door open and seeing the welcoming and familiar apartment Sarah stepped in then paused as Will closed and locked the door.

‘It’s so lovely and special to not walk into a house on my own for once. You know I don’t think I realised how lonely I even was until I met you Will.’

Hoping he didn’t offend Sarah Will looked at the beautiful woman in front of him, damp hair from the rain, oversized hooded top that clashed with her dress and bare legs, and blurted out the first thing that was on his mind.

‘And I vowed never to let anyone into my life until you broke that rule. But now you are here the social thing to do is make you a cuppa isn’t it?’

Sarah looked at Will then stepped forwards and kissed him. He still said some bizarre things at times but that was what made him special. That was what made him her Will.

*164*2020-11-30 09:53

Chapter 77:

Dropping the suitcase and bags in his bedroom Will headed for the open plan lounge and kitchen. He filled the kettle then looked round for Sarah, wondering where she had gone. Assuming she was perhaps at the toilet he carried on making them both a drink, knowing exactly how Sarah liked her tea now. Wondering if Sarah was perhaps a little hungry he put four slices of bread in the toaster then stuck a post it note on the fridge with the word ‘bread’ on but nothing else. He wasn’t used to catering for two and needed to replace items before his weekly online shop for the first time ever.

Sarah slipped into Will’s bedroom keen to put the two personal items she had bought into her suitcase out of sight and to hide the birthday items until the next morning. Opening up the suitcase she dug out her pyjamas and changed into them, feeling instantly more comfortable and warm. Looking around Will’s immaculate bedroom she looked forward to sharing a bed later with Will even if they only just snuggled. By the time she walked into the open plan main room the aroma of freshly made toast and coffee made her feel welcome and warm inside.

‘You don’t mind if I put all this just on one plate do you? The dishwasher is pretty full already.’

‘Of course not. That toast looks amazing. Thank you.’

Will placed the hot drinks and plate of buttered toast on the dining table and Sarah sat down. Sitting opposite her Will started talking, carrying on from the earlier conversation as if time had paused. In between bites of toast he spoke unfiltered as he did often.

‘So talking about emergencies what happened at the bank today? Don’t humour me with vagueness either Sarah. You know I like details.’

Sarah looked at Will right in the eye even though she knew that often made him anxious. Yes he was her fiancée but he could still be a little insensitive and too direct at times, yet deep down she could see in his eyes a deep love and concern. Should she tell him the full truth?

Suddenly she stood up, half a slice of toast in her hand, as she disappeared to Will’s room then came right back. She knew Will responded to seeing things in black and white and she felt this would say more than her words ever could. Laying the unopened envelope on the table Sarah took a sip of tea before saying anything.

‘This arrived at mine this morning. I assume it will explain everything you want to know. I...I wanted to sort it out myself, juggle a few things here and there, chase up some invoices..but...I think it’s just gone on too long now. It’s complicated.’

In between sips of coffee and bites of toast Will looked at and then picked up the envelope Sarah had put on the table. If he was going to commit to this woman then he had to know what was inside.

Shaking he picked at the corner reluctantly and tore across the top.

*165*2020-12-01 09:35

Chapter 78:

‘Do you mind if I watch TV while you read that?’

‘No. No. Of course. Looks like I will be here a while anyway. You get comfy and I’ll join you later.’

Will looked at the first page and immediately knew he needed a few things to help him. He purposely opened drawers and looked under his coffee table then settled back down with his laptop, iPad, pad and pens. While Sarah watched a drama of some sort he read, reread and tried to digest and make sense of the information in front of him. It was over an hour later before he bent over the top of the couch, kissed Sarah’s hair and asked if she would pop up to the table so he could show her something.

Sarah wasn’t really watching TV but the distraction at least kept her awake and stopped her thoughts running away more than they would of in a silent room. It was getting late and she’d had a very long day and had slept the night before on the very couch she sat on now. It might be comfortable but the though of a double bed and duvet seemed so much more appealing. She was slowly drowsing when she felt Will kiss her hair and talk to her.

‘Sorry honey. I was almost asleep. What did you say?’

‘Are you ok to pop up here a minute. I wanted to show you something. It won’t take long.’

Nervous and tired Sarah got up and went to the table in the kitchen area as Will hugged her before pulling out a chair for her to sit down.

‘So I took all the information and did this. I think this makes it much clearer. Your business has made a 70% loss on average over the last three months as this graph shows. I am assuming you have invoices outstanding because I know this isn’t due to lack of clients in any way. Is it individuals not making payments or companies? You can’t continue on like this but there are some things I can sort.’

Standing up had made Sarah realise now she was more awake that she needed a pee again. She hadn’t been since they had stopped at hers on the way back from hospital and that had been hours ago. But Will had clearly put so much work into trying to help her and he’d been such a gentleman, even pulling a seat over for her. She wasn’t going to be rude and rush away right now. What message would that send to Will? She crossed her legs and pulled the chair nearer the table.

‘Ah right. So it’s a little more complicated. I’ll try and explain as best I can. So around 80% of my clients are referred via the national health service. So that’s via GP’s, consultants at hospitals, social work, even child and adolescent mental health services as adults transfer over from their service to adult provision. Then there’s the prison service work, police referrals and so forth. They all come under the general umbrella of the National health service but funding comes from so many different sources. The bureaucracy, form filling, recording and invoicing is an administration nightmare. 

Hannah, my secretary, is usually on top form with everything but a few weeks before you first met me she had a week off sick with tonsillitis and I struggled seeing clients and keeping up with admin. She’s been trying to sort it out for me but, although still referring on to me, the health board wanted to audit all payments to me from the last 12 months because I accidentally invoiced them for two clients who were in fact from the police. Then of course Bedfordshire police underpaid me significantly as the two clients have between them had 18 sessions with me in the last three months. Add to that private clients with financial difficulties, the 90 days allowed legally by the NHS to honour any invoices and well...if you think the business account is bad you don’t want to see my personal one! My mind just hasn’t been as focussed with my mum and all this and...’

Will reached out and took hold of Sarah’s hand, clasping it tightly. He hadn’t had a chance to finish what he had planned to say but now all the extra information left him with so many questions. Sensing they really needed to talk some more he let go of Sarah’s hand briefly and poured them both a cold drink, leaving Sarah looking at the excel graphs and grids on his laptop.

*166*2020-12-02 12:23

Chapter 79:

Sitting back down Will took a gulp of juice then reached out for Sarah’s hand again.

‘As I said there are a few things you can do. Firstly we can get all these bank charges refunded. I am so angry that they have charged you for going over on your overdraft by just 10p. See here? Money went in the next day but they charged you £60 here. There’s a letter I have seen that you can send. If they refund just the charges on this quarterly statement that almost £200! It won’t solve everything but it’s a start. So have you explained to the health board about what happened? And the police? Surely someone could help?’

‘Yes. Hannah has been amazing. She’s been dealing with someone at the finance department in the health board. That’s why they continued to refer to me still despite the investigation. They have already written to confirm they overpaid me and acknowledging receipt of me paying it back so hopefully it should be a case of honouring my invoices from now on. The police have been more complicated, but again Hannah has done a great job and they finally agreed that the outstanding hours owed could be added to next months invoice. So, if I last until then, in about 3 months time things should finally settle again. It’s just getting to that point I can’t see right now. Will..I’m sorry you are having to see all this...’

‘Sarah don’t be silly. I love graphs and charts and numbers. This isn’t bothering me at all. But if it’s bothering you? You seem restless?’

‘I...oh it’s not you looking at the business bank statement Will...it’s just I...’

Will put his arm around Sarah and kissed her. Slowly pulling away he ran his fingers through her silky hair and decided this was all getting sorted before bed. He couldn’t bare to see his fiancée so burdened and stressed any longer. He couldn’t magically make her mum better but he could help her finances and he was determined he would.

‘Sarah do you have online personal banking?’

‘Yes of course. Can I just...’

Sarah hated that she needed the toilet so badly at such an awkward time. Having uncrossed her knees while they kissed she was now having to bounce her legs and swing them to stay in control.

‘Are you ok for me to see your account? I just hate that you have had all this stress. I think I can sort this. Do you trust me honey?’

It wasn’t that Sarah didn’t trust Will, not in any way at all, but she just wasn’t sure if she could trust her tired and full bladder to hold off until Will finished. If only she could just leave him for a few minutes...

‘I assume it’s Barclay’s too? If so that’s even better.’

‘What do you mean even better? And yes my personal account is with the same bank.’

Will slid the laptop towards Sarah a bit more as the screen displayed the all too familiar log in page. Sarah typed in her email, log in and password all while Will continued talking. Scissoring her legs and rubbing her pyjama clad thighs she waited as the site opened her account and listened to Will simultaneously.

‘There’s a number of reasons really. Firstly you can make one claim for all your bank charges, assuming there’s some on your personal account too? Secondly they won’t want you to leave since you have two accounts. So that gives you more leverage in negotiations ,and thirdly, it’s who I bank with so makes it easier for me to navigate the site. Oh gosh Sarah, no wonder you had no petrol today! I had no idea!’

Embarrassed both by the state of her bank account and how much she had to pee Sarah flushed. Will had now turned his laptop back facing him and though she knew already the situation was bleak she leaned over to look at the details on the screen anyway.

Keen to make Sarah feel included, and to reinforce to her that any financial struggles didn’t lessen his feelings towards her in any way, and of course to enable her to see the screen better, Will gently pulled Sarah up from her seat, over beside him and sat her gently on his knee, her legs resting either side of his left knee and his upper thigh against the inside top of Sarah’s legs.

‘Right sweetheart. Let’s get this sorted for you.’

Sarah bit her lip. With the large direct debit to her mum’s nursing home about to bounce tomorrow, accruing more charges, and more debits due the day after too, she needed Will more than ever. But she really really needed a wee too. Pressing her crotch against Will’s thigh she wondered how long she could endure the tension of waiting, not just for Will to sort her account but for an opportune moment to run to the bathroom.

*168*2020-12-02 17:04

{{1 hour ago, stinklerus said:

This is building up very nicely again! It is always interesting, but even more so when Sarah is bursting for a pee!

}}

Glad you are still enjoying the story. Almost coming to the end of this book now but stay tuned as some good bits yet to come

*171*2020-12-03 11:29

Chapter 80:

‘So let’s start with income. Geez honey, I’m scrolling back but there’s not much gone in is there? By the way I poured you some juice. Hold on I’ll slide it nearer. There.’

Bouncing subtly on Will’s knee trying not to let on how full her bladder was Sarah tried her best to concentrate as she took the glass Will slid her and had a sip.

‘End of January.’

Pulling his arm around Sarah to hold her, though not too tightly, Will turned for a second and looked at her.

‘It’s ok honey. You don’t need to be nervous. January? Wow. So the first thing we need to really work on is your intake, sorry income. I can definitely sort that. But before we come back to that let’s have a little look at your outtake, sorry outgoings.’

Scrolling back to the most recent page Will looked in wonder.

‘The amount to come out is huge honey. This could take a while but this bit is what really matters, it’s what’s causing the most stress and pressure. So we work on this and thankfully nothing more is coming out tonight, so I have time to work on, and even enjoy, getting this dealt with. You’ll need to work with me now, let me know what I can do to help with each step, each payment, because it’s all those little things that can help ease the pressure, even just in small ways. How does that sound my love?’

Sarah wriggled again on Will’s knee trying to work out if he was only talking about her bank account or if his words had a double meaning of any sort. Yes she did really have a lot of outgoings on her account but didn’t everyone have bills? Or was Will also aware of the now constant pressure in her body which also needed urgent attention?

‘There’s no point in doing this halfheartedly sweetheart.’

Bouncing her feet on the dining room floor and wriggling again Sarah had to ask.

‘Will, Will it take long? I was wondering if..’

With both arms cuddling Sarah from behind as she sat wriggling on his knee Will knew exactly why Sarah needed to know the answer to that. The problem was he was in no hurry at all, partly because he loved the thought of truly helping Sarah and supporting her business to get back on its feet, and party, actually mostly, because knowing she was clearly desperate to pee and sitting on his knee in just her cotton pyjamas was one of the biggest turn ons he could ever image. As his beautiful sexy bride-to-be jiggled on his knee once again he couldn’t help but think lustful thoughts regardless how badly he wanted to sort out her bank account. He answered as honestly as he knew how.

‘It’s taken time getting to this point Sarah but I don’t think you have time to wait. Tomorrow will be here before you know it and it will be even more urgent then from what I can see. There’s an awful lot to come out then. Let’s see what we can do before then ok?’

Sarah fidgeted more on Will’s knee as she looked at the very bottom of the computer screen.

11:36pm.

Will was right. The closer to midnight though the stronger the pressure would get.

