The holiday to remember

Author: milofaul

*000*2022-12-09 01:43

This story is purely fictional but I tried to write it a bit like it would fit into the experiences section.

(Warning: Contains stuff that couples do when they are alone )

Also a fair warning: English is not my first language, so there might be errors in the text.)

I hope you still enjoy it!

###

It's the summer of 2021, my girlfriend (Ann) and I(Noah) are planning a holiday in late summer.

###

The flights where still cheap due to covid, and so the decision was quickly made to take a ~2.5h flight to a small town near the coast with some beautiful beaches and some mountains in the back. From looking at pictures and maps, it should be a paradise!

Both my Girlfriend and I shared a common kink: Holding. So naturally this also came up during our planning... Since we where in a town far away from our home and nobody we knew would be around, my girlfriend was really keen on finally trying some public or at least semi-public holding.

Well of course I was equally excited, I was going to see my girlfriend desperate in public... So my fantasy was running wild the weeks leading up to our holidays. But she also dropped a few hints that I could also expect to get a fair share of desperation. This holiday was was getting better by the day...

But fast forward to the day of our flight.

In the morning we started as usual with a small breakfast and a coffee each. Our plane was supposed to start at 12:00 so we had around 1h left at home before we would start our drive to the airport.

The time was quickly spent by packing the last of our stuff and tidying up our home so we would not return to a mess after our holidays.

During that time I noticed that my girlfriend had 2 more coffees and she finished the remains from a pack of orange juice that was left inside the fridge. Of course my omo-senses tingled but I had nothing planned for her, today. I did not want to bring her into an truly uncomfortable or embarrassing situation.

But on the other hand I have to admit that I did not put in any afford to prevent an omo-scenario. So when the time came to leave I asked my girlfriend to get the car while I carry our bags outside. I noticed to my interest that she did not visit the bathroom prior to leaving the house, well seems like this might get interesting without me even doing anything.

We take around one hour from our apartment to the airport. After around 30 Minutes I noticed her scooting to the front of her seat, from experience I know that this is clear sign of "I have to pee sometime soon". Not by any means desperate but the first sign. The rest of the drive was unspectacular and we arrived at the airport without further delays or events. As we got out of our car I could notice that my girlfriend got out of the car a bit slower then normal, another sign...

We quickly grabbed our bags and entered the terminal, and got into the check-in queue. I consciously chose a entrance that was close to the terminal but would also prevent us from passing a toilet, just to make sure she doesn't get tempted to go for a quick pee... Nothing stopped her from saying "I have to pee, I'll catch you in the queue" but until then I don't have to make it easier for her right?

The queue of the check-in terminal took about 15 minutes to clear and my girlfriend was getting a bit more nervous by the end of it. Some shuffling of her feet here, some slightly crossed legs there.

As the employee of the airline handed us our boarding-pass he asked us to "proceed to security immediately since they are short staffed today", my girlfriend moaned a little as she heard it. I was beginning to wonder if this was scripted, something you would normally read in the fiction section on omorashi.org, and not in real-life with your girlfriend. Well obviously it wasn't but I was enjoying it, and since my Ann was not totally desperate, I stuck to my spectator role.

On the way to security my girlfriend asked me to hurry up, since we did not know what the situation at the security check would be. To my surprise and delight she even power-walked straight past a toilet. Well I won't complain...

After scanning our boarding-passes to enter in the security area, we saw a pretty decently long line with only one counter open. I think at that point my girlfriend realised that she might have better gone before... But now there was no way back, you are not allowed to exit the area before the security-check, so she had to wait.

After waiting for around 15 Minutes she was no longer standing still and finally told me that she had to pee. But now it was to late for me to do anything more than being nice to her and telling her that it won't take that long.

After a further 30 minutes I also realised I would need the toilet sooner than later. But that was nothing I was worried about. But what I was worried about was my girlfriend that couldn't stand still anymore, and also our plane, less then 45 minutes until departure. We still had a around 25 people in front of us, and because it was just one terminal open, the line progressed slowly.

Around 25-30 Minutes later my girlfriend was visibly desperate, but we where also next in line. I laid my bag on the belt and emptied my pockets before I went through the metal detector. Ann did the same, but I guess in her desperation she made a couple of mistakes. First of the metal detector went of and she was called to the secondaries. Apparently she forgot to take off her belt, but instead of just patting her down, they asked her to take her shoes and belt off to send them through the scanner again. I could see my girlfriend struggling to take off her shoes, I'm sure you all know that bending over with a full bladder is not the best for it.

Her second mistake came to bear as she came over to collect her bag, she left a bottle of water inside of it. The security guard offered her to either drink it or discard it on the other side of the metal-detector. I guess my girlfriend was scared to go back, so she quickly downed it in the believing she would be able to go in a minute.

...And she nearly succeeded. After finally passing security she quickly ran towards the next toilet-sign. Just as we where about to reach it, we heard "last call for passengers on Flight xxxx to xxxx, please proceed to gate C15 immediately." Both of our eyes widened, before my girlfriend turned around and ran in the direction of our gate, I followed her closely.

Luckily we arrived at our gate just in time, the boarding agents quickly checked our boarding-pass and we entered the plane. We have obviously been the last passengers since everyone was already seated and stared at us. We both just quickly put our bags in the overhead compartments and sat down.

While she put on her seatbelt Ann, let out a gasp and said: "Noah, I don't know if I can hold it until the seatbelt signs are off... I'm seriously desperate!"

Even though I was secretly enjoying it, I felt really bad for her. "If I could help you with anything I would, but I wouldn't know how" I responded. Indeed there was nothing I could possible do to help her. The next minutes trickled by as the plane was pushed back on the runway and finally began to accelerate. As the plane was lifting of I heard an audible gasp from Ann, and her hands shot down in her crotch, I knew immediately that she just leaked. Her face said it all... The next minutes felt like eternity, my girlfriend was now openly holding herself and her legs where constantly jumping up and down. I think she also lost a second spurt after a small turbulence. After what felt like hours the relieving *ping* sounded and the seatbelt signs where switched off. Ann immediately shot out of her seat and made a run for the bathroom. Luckily she was first and finally got her well deserved pee.

As she returned she told me: "This was one of my closest calls..." Wow, i though to myself.

The rest of the flight was mostly uneventful, only my girlfriend went another 2 times to the toilet. Apparently the "hold" had weakened her sphincter quit a bit.

The rest of the day also passed uneventful, we checked in at our hotel and went for a quick dinner. When we returned to our room, I went for a shower. As I was showering I heard my girlfriend entering the bathroom, and a minute later she was inside "my" shower. I gently caressed her slim body and a few minutes later we where making out in the shower. I gently placed my hand above her crotch and whispered "How is my poor little bladder after such a day?" Ann answered: "Don't worry about her... But now you owe me one, tomorrow it's your turn to squirm." She laughs "Now I need your help cleaning" she replied while grabbing my penis "would you help me get a deep clean?" she adds with a smirk. I gladly complied... I guess I'll spare you the rest of our "shower"

As we got out of the shower and into our pyjamas my girlfriend grabbed two glasses out of the cupboard and filled them with water. She then downed hers and handed me the other one. "So we don't dehydrate while sleeping... Oh and you are on a toilet bann until tomorrow" she said nonchalantly.

I immediately got excited again, and downed the glass. After that we huddled under the blankets and fell asleep in each others arms.

In the morning I was woken by Ann moving and rubbing against me. Then i most likely felt the reason for her movement, my bladder was also awake and complaining about the cup of water that had found it's way down. Her cup from yesterday had surely also found it's way down to her bladder...

But since she wasn't making any sign of getting up, I also stayed in bed wondering what the day would bring...

###

End of part 1. It's getting late here... I hope you enjoyed it so far.

Since we have 10 days of holidays to have fun, I'm also open for ideas to incorporate in the next parts. You know to get some inspiration

I'll do my best to write the next parts as soon as possible

