Armageddon Black

By MemeOverlord

*006*2025-09-10 02:59

Chapter 5

The Exodus

Morning arrived without incident. Richard, Ruth and Liliana were stiffened from the cold as they arose from their post; they were grateful for the dawn’s warm rays that day. Richard insisted that Ruth rest for a few hours while he and Liliana prepared the children and the injured monks for travel. There was much to be done, and little time to do it. Though the night’s tranquility suggested that the area was safe from demons, the group still knew that it would be best to cover as much ground as possible during the daylight hours and get as far from the area as they could.

Three hours past the first light of dawn, the preparations were complete. The children had their satchels packed, the wounded elders had their wounds dressed, and supplies were loaded into a pull cart. Sir Richard went to Ruth’s chambers, and quietly let himself in, wishing not to startle her awake. Slowly, he approached her bedside, her head kerchief was removed, revealing her beautiful, silken brown hair. He reached out and gently caressed her smooth cheek with a gloved finger. He longed to embrace her, but he knew that any feelings were now forbidden. She was the fruit upon the tree, and he was Adam.

“Ruth,” he said quietly. “It is time for us to leave.”

She reached up and took his hand, as he turned to leave, “Please, stay with me but a moment longer.”

“I cannot do so, you are in a state of undress.” He replied, stoically. “I must see that everyone else is prepared to depart.”

With that, Sir Richard pulled his hand free of Ruth’s tender grasp, and hurried out of her chamber, fearing that, either through her impulses or his own, they may compromise her honor if he lingered any longer. With a sense of urgency, he briskly walked down the corridors of the abbey, and came out to the courtyard where the others were staging for travel. Shortly thereafter, Ruth followed, dressed in her nunnery habit, and travel shawl. She beckoned Richard back over to the doors of the abbey. Richard strode over to her with a newfound resolve, as the change of scenery and task had helped to reset the machinations of his mind.

“I am sorry about earlier,” she said, her face turning crimson red, “I did not mean to make you feel so.”

“The fault is not yours. Say no more of it.” He replied.

“Thank you for saying so.” Ruth continued, “However, I called you over for more than just to give my apologies. There is else that I need to share with you, for it has weighed heavy on my mind with much conflict.”

“Conflict, you say? Please share your mind.” Richard asked inquisitively.

“Please forgive me for not telling you right away, for I was worried at how you would receive the news, but I feel that I must share this rumor with you, it would be wrong not to.” She said as she exhaled before continuing, “Before the refuges stopped coming from the East, I heard repeated tales of some hellish witch known as the Prophetess of Astaroth. At first, I thought little of it, but so many bore her messages, that I soon grew to believe. The first message prophesied that the town would fall, and yet the monastery would stand until the Lord’s Knight came to deliver us. This has come to pass.”

“So a priestess of Satan who prophesies good tidings for us of the Christian faith? That seems reason for perplexing, not concern?” Richard asked.

“Not entirely, a prophet merely sees what may come to pass, be it for their boon or folly." Ruth comtinued, "But that was not the only prophecy that made its way to my ears. An elder man, an old warrior named Geofrey came from the East saying that he had fought through many fledgling cultists on his flight from the plague. He encountered many carrying manuscripts from the prophetess. Those that were written in English all bore this same message.” She said as she produced a scroll from her robe. The parchment was marred, and the scrawl was in fiery runes, but still legible.

‘When the daughter of Lilith walks the lands of men,

So will arise the Harbinger of Astaroth to take her,

When flame forges the bond of two,

Man’s realm will meld with Nether.’

That is the message which was heard over and over. I cannot help but to feel that the daughter of Lilith must refer to Liliana, she did say that the succubi were descended from Lilith?”

“Yes, she did say that.” Richard replied.

“Again, please forgive me for thinking ill of you,” she continued, “But I feared that you would see Liliana as an ill omen, and bring harm to her, as your order oft does. But I have seen now how you care for the girl. You and I have both seen the purity of her character. I feel she may be a victim of this prophecy, if it comes to pass, rather than its herald.” Responded Ruth.

“You say, ‘If it comes to pass.’ What do you mean by that?” Richard asked, “Is there a chance that a prophecy will not come true, or that the outcome can be influenced?”

“I do not know. I’m afraid that I have no answers other than what I have already shared with you.” She said.

Richard thought for a brief moment, then responded, “Thank you for telling me. I will ponder these things and what my next course should be, but for now, I must focus and getting all of you out of this place.”

At last, the procession was underway as they departed the monastery grounds and made for the West. The slow speed of the children and the wounded monks stretched the journey out, taking nearly a full day just to reach Danborough. It was already dark when they arrived and, with no monastery in Danborough, they were brought to Durnwick Commandery to rest for the night.

The commandery was smaller than Wymond Abbey and thus was quickly overcrowded with the refugees. Upon entering, Sir Richard pulled Liliana and Sister Ruth to the side for a brief council. He spoke in a hushed tone.

“Liliana, listen closely, while here, you must keep your distance from me. If the order discovers your identity, this place would be your undoing. Your stature is short and your frame small, stay close to Sister Ruth and present yourself as one of the orphans. Do everything you can to avoid speaking to any of the guards or other members of my order, understood?”

“Yes, Master.” She replied quietly.

“And do not call me, ‘Master’ whilst we are here, refer to me only as Sir Richard.” He continued, turning towards Ruth, “Ruth, please watch out for her while we are here. I could not bring her here before, when it was only she and I, but with you, there should be no suspicion.”

Ruth nodded her head in understanding, took Liliana by the hand and quickly lead her over to the rest of the congregation. Richard went in the opposite direction, towards the commandery tower to meet with Sir Harding, commander of Durnwick.

In the top of the tower, he found him, Sir Harding, surrounded by several of his sergeants. They were crowded around a map table, discussing current happenings and plans. Sir Harding was a stout, barrel-chested man whose face sported a long black beard of curly hair. In the safety of the commandery, he was less armored than usual, wearing only a padded gambeson, and a steel gorget about his collar. He spoke with a rich, deep voice.

“Richard! At last you return to us!” Harding exclaimed as Richard entered the room.

“Forgive the delay. As you can see, I was quite preoccupied delivering these clergymen and children from evil.” Richard responded.

“Yes, that is good. And I received your report about the covert where the demons were being summoned. It was awaiting me when I returned from my tour to the South, naught but a day ago. I sent it to Sir Roderick as per your request. I must say, I was not expecting you to be gone again before I returned. What bade you to venture East?” Harding asked.

Richard chose his words carefully, “I had heard of things going ill to the East. I discovered another covert of cultists summoning demons and their ilk. I slew the summoners and the demons they had brought here. The demons’ night beasts had been attacking Wymond Abbey every night, so I stayed to help fend them off. I believe we killed most of them, whatever of those creatures remain are now scattered to the wind and masterless. They are little more than animals now.”

“I see,” Harding replied, “That is good work you did there. However, you are fortunate to be in one piece, going alone against such unknowns. Where will you go now? I plan to march my men South again, towards Melcombe and retake it. The port has now wholly succumbed to the plague. Rumor has it that is where the demons struck first. We could use your help, if you have a mind to march with us, rather than continuing your single man crusades.”

“I wish you luck and Godspeed in reaching Melcombe, but I cannot go with you. I have a duty to get Sister Ruth and these orphans to the nearest monastery which can support them. You cannot sustain them all here at the commandery. Though the elder monks were injured in the fight, perhaps you could lend them respite here a while longer, as I safeguard those who are fit to travel? There would only be five monks needing to remain.” Richard asked.

“Aye, that would be fine. We have room enough for the five. At a mean walking pace, you ought to reach Malmesbury Abbey in seven days’ time. Head Northwest, into the Wessex region.” Harding replied.

“Indeed, that was my thought as well.” Richard continued, “Can you send some pigeons with messages for me?”

“It can be done. What need you said?” Harding replied with a nod.

“Can you send word North to Beacon Castle and inform Sir Roderick of all that I just told you and tell him that I plan to move East toward London next once I rejoin my men." Richard continued, "To follow that, I need a second pigeon sent to Stahnburgh Commandery instructing the remainder of my men-at-arms to head South and meet me at Malmesbury. Tell them to provision for an extended journey to the East.”

“Very good, I will put one of my men on it right away.” Harding replied, motioning towards one of his Sergeants, indicating for him to begin scribing the message.

The larders of Durnwick were thoroughly pillaged to feed all of the refugees. Provisions were served, and the evening closed uneventfully. All the children and clergy had nowhere to sleep but upon the cold stone of the floor. Blankets and mats were distributed as best as could be, though some had to share. Sir Richard started a fire in the hearth of the hall and took his place against the far wall, so that he could watchfully be at the ready in-between sleep cycles.

The next morning was an early departure. The remaining refugees bade farewell to the injured monks who remained at Durnwick to recover, and then continued their journey into Wessex. The path was long, but safe; the English countryside in this area seemed mostly untouched by the plague and was sparsely populated. Seven days later, the weary group at last arrived at the Malmesbury Abbey and surrounding settlements. Awaiting them there was a host of Sir Richard’s men, some one hundred strong.

The abbey here was much larger than Wymond Abbey. It sported high stone walls, grand architecture, and cloistered courtyards.

Sister Ruth and the orphan girls were received without question and inducted into the congregation there. Sir Richard convened with the sergeants-at-arms amongst his men, ordering that they would be moving out the next day. His troops had set up tents and campsites all about the courtyard, as the abbey did not have room to house them all. He entered his personal tent, and began preparations for slumber. His back was facing the tent door as he attempted in vain to unfasten the buckle upon his pauldrons, when he heard a voice behind him.

“Pardon me, M’Lord.”

“The hour is late, what is it?” Richard replied, turning to face the voice.

His gaze fell upon a lad youthful of face, and sinewy of build. He wore the white gambeson and red surcoat typical of denoting men-at-arms in service to the twelve Knights of Saint Thomas. Despite his rugged frame, he scarcely looked old enough to be a soldier.

“Boy, how old are you, that you came into my service?” Richard asked.

“I am fourteen years of age, M’Lord.” The lad replied.

“That is rather young. Are you here in your father’s stead?”

“No, M’Lord. I was requisitioned here to serve as your squire. If anything, I fear that I may already be too old.” The young man said.

“Fret not, Boy. I’ve no need for a squire who is fresh from the hems of his mother’s skirts. I could use a strong lad like you. Tell me, can you wield sword and spear?” Richard asked.

“Aye sir.”

“Good. What is your name?”

“Edrick, M’Lord.”

“Come then, Edrick,” Richard continued, “I need help removing this armor, I haven’t had it off, nor bathed in weeks.”

“Yes, M’Lord!” Edrick said, going about his task with gusto, clearly eager to be of service.

Once the armor was removed, Edrick quickly went to work acquiring and filling a bath basin for Sir Richard. While his lord bathed, removing weeks’ worth of grime from his skin, Edrick kept busy and scrubbed away the grime from Sir Richard’s armor.

The following morning, the troops began to break down camp and replenish their supplies for the next journey. It was a cold morn, but the men were eager to move out to the countryside once more, and be further from the heavily populated areas, so they made quick work of the breakdown, despite the stiffness of awakening to a cold dawn. As the final preparations were being made, Sir Richard went towards the abbey, wishing to speak with Ruth and Liliana. Edrick followed close on his heels.

“Squire Edrick, you have done fine work for me this last eve and this morn. You need not follow me now, I’ve some members of the congregation that I wish to bid farewell.” Richard instructed, “Go now and see to that you and I each have a steed ready to ride.”

“I will see it done and await you by the stables, M’Lord.” Edrick replied.

Sir Richard had elected not to tell his squire of Liliana yet, for he knew not if he could be trusted. It was best Edrick not see him speaking to her. Sending the lad on his way, Richard then entered the grand doors of Malmesbury and searched about for the ladies. At last he found Sister Ruth, and convened with her, stating that he needed her to keep Liliana here and watch over her. Ruth agreed and bade him to tell Liliana.

“I had surmised it would be your plan to leave the girl here.” Ruth said, “The horrors to the East would be no place for her. I will do everything in my power to keep her hidden and safe. But tell me, do you ride only to war in the East for the sake of the growing shadow there?”

“I ride because it is my duty to put a stop to this pestilence and witchcraft. But no, I also ride East because I must find this prophetess and learn more of this wicked prophecy. I fear the girl will not be safe otherwise and also that something bigger is at play here…”

“I worried that you would do so, but I understand. Please, take this and keep it with you.” Ruth reached under her habit, against her bosom and produced a necklace of rosary beads and an ornate crucifix. “Use this to damn the demons and ward them off. May God’s favor keep you safe on this quest.”

“Thank you, Ruth. I will keep it close.” He replied.

Richard lowered his neck, allowing Ruth to place the crucifix about his collar. Despite his leaning, she still had to stand atop her toes and reach high, seeing this, he knelt to the floor instead. Ruth gently placed it around his neck, took his head in both hands and softly kissed his brow, then she quietly murmured a prayer of blessing and protection over him.

“Now go to her, I have not yet told Liliana. She still delusions that she will be traveling with you.” Ruth said quietly, with a faint mist in her eyes.

“So you have left the treacherous task to me then?” Richard replied in jest.

As he turned to leave, he stopped and faced her once again, “Ruth…when this at last comes to an end, I…we must speak more.”

“Yes, we must.” She replied in a soft tone. “Do not abandon me to my worry, as you did when you left to cross the channel.”

Richard then left her side and continued deeper into the abbey. Passing through the many cloisters and long corridors, he at last came to the sleeping chambers, and found Liliana. She was the only of the refugees aside from Ruth who had been granted a private room. Ruth had seen to ensure that were so, as she would need privacy to undress and slumber, lest someone discover what she truly was.

“Oh, Master, there you are!” She exclaimed cheerfully, “I’ve gathered my things and am ready to depart!”

“Liliana…” he began reproachfully, “I am sorry, surely by now you must understand that you cannot come with me.”

“You’re abandoning me?!” she cried, tears welling in her eyes.

“It is not as you say,” he reassured, “I keep you here to protect you, just as I did at Wymond Abbey.”

“No, no, no! It is not as it was then! You were gone for naught but a day, and you were near still! This is else entirely; you will leave me here to go far and never return!” she cried.

“Lest I fall in battle, I promise you that I will return. The pestilence has spread in the East, and the demons grow, it is my sworn duty to go and fight against this. I cannot be dissuaded from my course.” Richard replied, attempting to comfort her.

“Please do not leave me! Have I not served you well? Have I disappointed you in some way? Please, Master, give me but another chance!” she said, as she slumped to the floor and broke down into uncontrollable sobbing while clutching the top of Richard’s greave.

“Liliana, I ask no service of you, but do this merely because I wish to protect you.” He said.

“But Master, could you not protect me better with me by your side?”

“The demon hordes have multiplied. I go now to battle, that is no place for you. I need you to remain far away from the East because…” Richard paused for a moment, debating on sharing the prophecy with her. “Because this area would be safest for you.”

“Please, send me not from your company!” she wailed.

“I am sorry that it cannot be otherwise,” Richard said, consciously keeping his tone from becoming stern, as he had accidentally done before, “But I am a sworn knight, and this is now my duty. Please, be at ease. I promise that I will return.”

Liliana continued sobbing as Richard gently removed her grasp from his boot and turned to leave the room. In a final effort, she stretched her arms upward towards him, wishing to embrace him before his departure, but his back was already facing her, and he did not see. She attempted to call out to him, but her voice was little more than a squeak past her sobs.

&&

As he left the sleeping quarters, Richard pondered to himself wondering what it was that gave Liliana such torment over the prospect of abandonment. He surmised that, at some point in her undoubtedly dreary life in the Nether, she must have been abandoned before, if there were such things as family and loved ones in a vile place like that. Her cries were quickly muffled by the thick stone walls of the abbey; after a couple of turns down the corridor, he could no longer hear her. Richard did his best to push the memory of Liliana’s sobbing to the back of his mind, as he was often troubled by the hurt and sorrow of young girls.

Richard returned to the courtyard to meet with his men. Edrick was waiting for him and presented Richard with his battle-worn halberd.

“M’Lord, I forgot to mention, your sergeant bade me that I bring this to you from Stahnburgh.” Edrick said, holding the lengthy weapon out in front of him.

“Ah, it is good to see this again.” Richard said, taking the weapon and spinning it with a flourish, “My Sergeant was right to send this. Of late I have spent too many eves in cramped cellars and dank dungeons, where I could not fight with such a weapon. However, I feel that we will soon be meeting our enemy upon open ground.”

“Would you train me also to fight with a polearm such as that?” Edrick inquired.

“Aye, Lad. Your training starts now.” Richard replied, tossing the weapon back to his squire. “You will begin by carrying it for me as we travel. You must march many miles with it and so you will strengthen yourself and grow accustomed to its weight.”

Shortly thereafter, Sir Richard and his host departed Malmesbury along the Southern road. He left behind a cadre of ten men led by one of his Sergeants-at-arms to protect the abbey. The men were in high spirits as they took to the open road, singing a merry cadence as they marched, most on foot, with Sir Richard and some of the officers mounted upon horse back.

*007*2025-09-14 03:17

Chapter 6

Plagued Lands

Two weeks of marching later, and Sir Richard’s troupe found themselves camped just past Danborough, where they had halted for the evening. The next day, they were poised to make it to Wymond Abbey in a single journey, where they could use the grounds as a strongpoint against the fetid countryside to the East.

While most of the men were busy pitching their tents, preparing food, or kindling fires, Richard and Edrick were taking the time to train. The two were sparring with polearms, while a few of the men watched and cheered them on. Edrick, for a young lad, put up a good fight, but was no match for the renowned knight, despite his holding back. At last, the two stood down for a short reprieve. Edrick’s lungs were burning from exerting in the cold, December air.

“You have me soundly beaten, M’Lord.” Edrick said, in-between huffs.

“Fear not, you have fought well, Edrick.” Richard replied. “You will find little improvement unless you fight someone more skilled than yourself.”

“Then I could continue honing my skills ere the rest of my life, be it against you.” Edrick paused for a moment before continuing, “Is it true what they say about you? That you are unmatched upon the battlefield with spear or halberd?”

“And who are, ‘they’ who say this about me?” Richard inquired.

“Everyone whom I have spoken to.” Edrick replied with a shrug.

“It is true that I served in the King’s Army as part of a dragoon company while fighting the French. And it is true that I have not yet been killed.” Richard replied, nonchalantly returning the shrug.

Sergeant Wilhelm, a veteran who was watching from the sidelines then interjected in the conversation, “Lad, do not let our Sir lie to you. I’m one of the few here who served alongside him across the channel. I say unto you, this man is a terror upon the battlefield. I do not know why he even bothers wearing all of that armor, it is not as if any foe can even get close enough for a strike!”

“If only that were so.” Richard replied in a serious tone, removing his helmet and pointing towards the scar upon his jaw. “That is enough training. I will retire early, as we must press on again at dawn.”

Richard’s demeanor had turned more somber as he turned to leave the group and made his way back to his own tent. Edrick came later, bearing food for his lord, he then helped him to remove his armor. No words were spoken between the two that night.

The following morning, the men broke camp and continued East. During the night, a light snow had fallen, leaving a white dusting upon the ground, this and the cold soured the mood of the men as they trudged onward, they knew that they would soon be leaving the last of the safe lands. Despite the poor morale, they made good time, and arrived at the abandoned Wymond Abbey just before dusk. There was no sign of friend nor foe there, however it was apparent from the monastery’s degraded state that it had been ransacked after the congregation had fled under the protection of Sir Richard. The wooden fortifications were torn down and splintered. Debris from assorted crates, barrels and other storage containers littered the courtyard.

The company set up camp in the courtyard and within the abbey for the night. Fires were built, fortifications repaired, and provisions were passed out. An uneasy quiet settled over the base as the men settled in for the night.

The next morning, Sir Richard awoke early and excused himself to the prayer room. He rested upon his knees, clutching the rosary which Sister Ruth had given him, and silently prayed for divine protection over he and his men. When finally he had finished, he was surprised to find Edrick awaiting him just outside the door. Edrick followed him back to his chambers, and assisted his lord in donning his armor, then the two returned to the main hall.

The hall was dimly lit, and poorly warmed. Aged wooden pews lined either side of the hall, with a causeway in the middle, leading to a stone altar at the far end, crested by a single stained glass window.

Richard set a table in the center of the hall, where he laid his map. Five Sergeants gathered around the table alongside Sir Richard as he prepared their marching orders.

“Come join us, Lad.” Sir Richard said, beckoning towards Edrick. “If you are to be apprenticed to me, you must train in more than just martial combat.”

“Yes, M’Lord.” Edrick replied, with a smile.

“Lads,” Richard began, “There is more here in the East than just the plague. Rumor tells that the enemy is on the move here. Our job is simple: we find them; we smite them. Their deamons and beasts will be put to the sword, while their summoners and plague-bringers will be put to the torch. We will cleanse these lands!”

“Huzzah!!” the men cheered in unison.

“We have three settlements each within less than a day’s march from here.” Richard continued, pointing to the spots on the map. “We will start here with the Northernmost village, and work our way South, and back here over the next few days. Sergeant Allston, you and ten of your men will stay here and hold the abbey as our stronghold. We will send a raven on the third morn to update you as to our next movements. The rest of the company will travel with me. Sergeants, prepare your men, we depart immediately.”

Over the course of the next three days the men were met with grisly sights at the villages. Each was devoid of life. The buildings were ransacked, and the dead lined the streets. The overwhelming odor of diseased, rotting flesh hung heavy in the air nearly one hundred meters out from each village. The stench alone was enough to cause many of the men to fall ill with nausea, and wretch on the spot.

In an attempt to reduce exposure to the rot in the air, the men camped on the outskirts of the villages, and took shifts venturing into the villages. Each time, they discovered nothing but death, and abandoned scrawlings from the prophetess.

“When the daughter of Lilith walks the lands of men,

So will arise the Harbinger of Astaroth to take her,

When flame forges the bond of two,

Man’s realm will meld with Nether.”

One the third day, the men slowly trudged back towards Wymond Abbey. The fruitlessness of their search, and the horrific sights had darkened their moods and eradicated the zeal which had taken their hearts naught but three days prior.

Sir Richard was lost in thought, as he attempted to ignore the nauseating pangs still twisting in his stomach. His time in war had familiarized him with the stench of death, but no man could have been prepared for the sheer volume of rotten death awaiting then here in Wessex.

Erdick spoke up, interrupting Richard from his brooding, “M’Lord, you seem troubled?”

“Yes Lad, who would not be troubled when their query had turned up naught but death and pestilence.” Richard replied.

“Yes, I too am troubled by this, we all are. But you seemed particularly preoccupied in thought.” Edrick replied, knowingly. “Do you have family awaiting you in the West, M’Lord? My thoughts continually stray to my family.”

“It saddens me to say, but all of my family awaits me in the company of our Lord.” Richard replied, signing a cross across his chest.

“I am sorry, M’Lord, it was not my place to ask.” Edrick responded reproachfully.

“It is fine, Lad.” Richard returned, his tone slightly softer than before. “I do not recoil at the thought of their memory, though their loss does leave an emptiness in my soul. But it is good that we should know these things of each other.”

“I see, M’Lord.” Edrick said hesitantly, “May I ask then, do you have other loved ones who are not of blood? There must be someone whom you fight for? Whom you wish to build your own family with?”

Sir Richard thought for a moment before replying, “Yes I do.”

“The road is long, M’Lord,” Edrick continued, “Will you tell me of them?”

Sir Richard’s cheeks flushed, hidden under his helmet as he came to a realization. Though Ruth should have been the answer, the first face which came to his mind was that of sweet Liliana. He then realized that his mind had been dwelling upon her this entire morn as they marched. It was true that he held much love for Ruth in his heart, had had ever since they were young, yet he could not stop thinking of Liliana. Ever since venturing East, Richard had felt as if he had a renewed purpose.

&&

“M'Lord?“ Edrick asked again, stirring Richard from his musings once more.

“Sorry, Lad,” Richard responded after another moment of hesitation. “I was lost in thought once more. I have close ties to the church, and the host that I had escorted to Malmesbury, whence you and I first met. My heart often dwells upon them.”

“I see. I would hope to meet them, should we one day return there.” Edrick replied.

“But enough of me. What of your family?” Richard asked.

“My mother and father, and my three young sisters.” Edrick replied, thinking wistfully of home. “I worry for them.”

“It is natural to fret over those you love.” Richard said, as he thought back to the worry which he was putting Ruth and Liliana through. “And their worry for you must be great also.”

“I had not yet thought of that. My father was oft busy in our Lord’s court, so I was the one to dote upon my sisters. But you must be right, they all must worry for me….why do I now feel guilt?” Edrick said, with a saddened look upon his face.

“Fear not Lad, it is normal for young men to leave the comforts of home to ride to war. And it is easy to forget the troubles it lays upon the hearts of those whom you leave behind you.” Richard said comfortingly. “This is a lesson that I myself have only just recently come to realize.”

Sir Richard placed a guantleted hand upon Edrick’s shoulder, and spoke once more “I am sure they are also proud of you. Apprenticeship to fight for King, Country and our Lord God. You have done well.”

“You praise me too much, M’Lord. Thank you.” Edrick replied, his worry abating.

At last, the company returned to Wymond Abbey. The men rested for the night, troops were rotated from the guard shifts, Sergeants exchanged duties, and preparations were made to move out again.

The next morning, Sir Richard and his Sergeants were planning their next move. During the discussion, the main doors swung open, disturbing the still air within the abbey. One of the company’s scouts came trotting into the room. He wore the same white gambeson and red surcoat as the other men, though he wore no helmet, and was armed with only a sword upon his belt.

“My Lord!” the scout exclaimed in between puffs, attempting to catch his breath. “I rode hard to get this information to reach you, for we have little time! I encountered a great host, armed and dressed in black, naught but two or three leagues from us!”

“At least, we have a lead!” Sir Richard said with a newfound enthusiasm. “from which direction do they come?”

“Directly due East of us, three leagues, marching Westward. I reckoned their ranks to be some two-hundred strong.” The scout replied.

“Hmm, they would outnumber us nearly two to one.” Richard said concernedly, “Tell me all that you know of their composition. Prior to now, I have mostly fought cultists and their summoned daemons, but now it seems the rumors are true. They travel in force.”

“I reckon they were no mere men of Satan’s cloth.” The scout continued. “These men were armed. Some carried shields which bore words and runes of crimson, though I cannot read the words. Many did not carry shields, only sword or spear. Their marching was disorganized, and most seemed not to have much armor. Among them, I saw no steeds, though I could not get close enough to see of their officers or knights. They traveled under the light of the sun. I saw no daemons amongst their company”

“You have done well to bring us this information.” Richard said, then turned towards the other men. “Sergeants, go now and prepare all of your men and steeds. Meet me here at the table within the hour!”

Soon, the entire company was armed, and marching East. They traveled over a league Eastward, and stopped upon the fields that the scout had indicated. Sir Richard quickly surveyed the landscape and got his men into position.

Another scout came galloping back over one of the hilltops at full speed. He informed the company that the enemy had been spotted and would be upon them soon.

Sir Richard stood upon the ground with his infantrymen. The footmen stood shoulder to shoulder, kite shields overlapping, some twenty men to Sir Richard’s right, and twenty men wide to his left. Two ranks deep they were, with the second rank sporting pike, longsword and crossbow held overtop of the first ranks’ shields. Richard was at the precipice of the wedge formation, between the only gap in the shields, his armored body making up for the gap. In his hands, he held his massive halberd at the ready, with Edrick close at his back, armed with a stout spear.

Every horse they had in their troupe was mustered. Numbering twenty riders, they stood hidden in reserve in a nearby clump of trees. The cavalry were armed with spear and lance.

At last, the enemy forces began to crest the distant hilltops. Sir Richard gave the signal to raise their battle flag, indicating a challenge to the enemy. He then looked over his shoulder to observe his squire. Edrick was trembling with fear, yet the stance of his feet indicated no faltering, and upon his face a wore a staunch look of determination.

“Will this be your first battle, Lad?” Sir Richard called out to him.

“Aye Sir, it will be.” Edrick replied.

“Fear not, for I promise you that you shall stand to see tomorrow. Richard said. “Just hold your ground and use the length of your spear to keep these swine away from my flank. That is your only job.”

“I will see it done, M’Lord!” Edrick exclaimed with a resolute tone.

“Stand your ground men!” Richard bellowed, “These vermin are ragged and undisciplined! Surely I say unto you, we shall scatter them!”

The enemy forces formed together into crude ranks and charged. Those few which had shields formed a thin shield wall, with the remaining skirmishers charging behind them. Few officers were present, their troops moved in one large group, with little directions for otherwise.

Sir Richard’s forces had time to launch two volleys of bolts into the enemy lines. Most of the enemy shields were splintered, and many of their bearers too were pierced and slain before reaching Richard’s lines. The remaining enemy skirmishers were still many in number as they crashed against the shield wall. Richard’s men were pressed hard by the overwhelming numbers, but the enemy was scarcely armored, and had little counter against the English shield wall. Still, the enemy pressed their attack, a Satanic devoutness burning in their eyes as they fought with fervor. Many were quickly dispatched as they hurled themselves against the shields, attempting to make an opening.

One of the Sergeants raised a flag bearing the silhouette of a horse, signaling the cavalry to spring their trap. The riders burst forth from the treeline and charged in wedge formation. With polearms pointed forward, the cavalry crashed into the lines of the satanic foot soldiers, quickly sundering their already disorganized ranks.

As the enemy ranks splintered, Richard gave the order for his infantry to lower shields and charge. The enemy no longer held ranks, but were still numerous. Their blades were inept at piercing Richard’s armor, and were mostly too short to parry the wide sweeps of his halberd. Seeing this, Sir Richard lowered his guard, and went fully on the offensive, cutting a swath through the enemy foot soldiers, allowing his suit of armor to deflect their blows. Meanwhile, Edrick stuck close behind and fended off any strikes to his Lord’s backside.

Most of Richard’s men were faring well against the disorganized enemy troops. But one among them stood out as a paragon unlike the rest. The Satanists had their own knight of sorts commanding their troops, which the scout had not initially spotted. He stood as tall as any other man there, but was broad shouldered and muscular. His armor was crudely painted black, and, though of rougher craft than Sir Richard’s, still provided equal coverage. In one hand, he carried a single-edged short sword with large notches running half way up the blade, and in the other hand he wielded notched club with spikes.

The Satanist Knight cut down several of Sir Richard’s men, before locking eyes with him from across the battlefield. The two men instinctively made their way towards each other. Richard quickly surveyed his adversary and surmised that the length of his halberd would give him the advantage over the satanic knight’s inferiorly short weapons. Richard charged his opponent with a mighty thrust from his halberd, but the enemy knight deflected the speartip towards the ground just before it reached him. Sir Richard repeatedly swung and thrust his weapon towards his enemy, rapidly gaining the upper hand. 

The satanic knight was losing ground and had to quickly begin stepping backward to keep up with the rapid thrusts of Sir Richard’s weapon. Seeing this, Richard drove his weapon forward attempting a final mighty strike at the small gap in the armor of his adversary, at the neck. Suddenly, the satanic knight turned the edge of his sword, and caught Richard’s halberd in the notches, locking it in place. 

Sir Richard was stunned for a split second, as he was shocked by the sudden immobility of his weapon. With a grunt, his enemy then swung his club down onto the top of Richard’s halberd, catching on the notch and pulling the entire weapon down to the ground and out of Richard’s hands. In the same breath, the satanic knight lurched forward, ramming his armored shoulder into Richard’s breastplate, knocking him off balance. In the next breath, he placed his greaved boot behind Richard’s stance, forcing him to trip backwards, as he attempted to regain his balance.

The weight of Sir Richard’s armor caused him to hit the ground with great force. He was stunned, and unused to being bested. In a moment, the satanic knight was atop Richard and pummeling him with his weapons. The sword mostly clanged off of Richard’s armor, but the mace struck concussive blows and began to dent the armor. Richard crossed his arms in front of his face, attempting to protect his head, taking the brunt of the blows to his forearms. The shock of the blows sent vibrations down his arms, to the bone, Richard’s vision began to blur. The satanic knight raised his arm high, preparing to bring down a shattering blow upon Sir Richard’s arm. Suddenly, a spear pierced the man under his arm into his chest, where there was a mobility gap in his armor. The man roared in pain.

Richard quickly regained his lucidity, and reached for the satanic knight’s weapons. Once he restrained the man’s arms, Richard twisted his body with all of his might, attempting to wrench the man off of him, this caused the two of them to roll over and fall to the side. Now Richard could see that his savior’s spear belonged to Edrick, who was still pushing with all of his might to drive it deeper into the man’s flesh. Now that his back was no longer pinned to the ground, Richard reached to the back of his belt and pulled a thin dirk from its scabbard. He seized the opportunity and plunged it into the gap between the enemy knight’s helmet and gorget. Blood came spewing from the man’s neck when Richard pulled the dirk out. He then rolled ontop of the man, pinning him to the ground, Richard then repeatedly plunged the dirk in and out of the slit of exposed flesh, splattering blood along his own arms.

At last, Richard’s foe lay dead upon the ground. At that same time, the rest of the battle had mostly subsided. The remainder of Sir Richard’s men-at-arms were finishing off the last few stragglers from the enemy forces. The ground, which originally was covered in a dusting of clean white snow was now a twisted canvas of mud and blood.

“M'Lord, are you unharmed?!” Edrick asked, frantically.

“I am now.” Richard replied, gasping for breath. “Thanks to you.”

After a brief reprieve, Sir Richard conferred with his Sergeants to tally the tolls of the battle. His forces lost a total of fourteen men, with another dozen or so injured. In contrast, nearly the entire enemy forces was eradicated, which had originally been twice the size of his own company.

Sir Richard’s slain men were buried along with their weapons upon the battlefield. The enemy soldiers were piled into heaps and burned unceremoniously. The wounded were loaded onto the horses and prepared for travel. The company made their way back towards Wymond Abbey, where they could further recuperate. Once they had arrived, and the wounded were tended to, Sergeant Allston approached Richard.

“Sir, we searched the bodies. Found this upon that black knight you slew.” Allston said, tossing a canvas satchel towards Richard. “Marching orders and the like, I reckon it is.”

Sir Richard enlisted Edrick’s help to search the bag, as his own hands and forearms still shook and twitched beyond his control, from the pummeling they had received upon the battlefield. Edrick poured through the papers within the bag. He discovered more copies of the prophecy regarding the Harbinger of Astaroth, along with a detailed list of routes, locations And future targets.

“Lads!” Richard announced, “I believe we have finally found where this Prophetess has been hiding!”

