12 more months of desperate workers - Page 3

*052*2019-08-12 11:31

{{47 minutes ago, Spectator9 said:

These are great stories, and well written!

}}

Thank you

*053*2019-08-15 23:39

August: the English teacher

Ann had came into teaching late. She’s left high school and taken a year out to see the world before starting university and gaining a first class honours degree in English literature. But then things became rather unstuck as she struggled to fine employment that reflected her skill set and education. Frustrated and deflated, she found herself taking jobs that were far from ideal but which at least enabled her to move out from her parents home and in with her boyfriend, later to become her husband. Life, it seemed, was fast becoming a case of accepting second best because try as she might Ann just couldn’t get any job related to her degree. She felt devalued, underpaid and stressed, until one day a friend suggested she try teaching.

Ann was petite, with shoulder length blond hair and a very young look. With no children of her own, despite trying, and no knowledge of education other than her own memories of her own school years, she wasn’t at all sure if teaching was for her. Still something drew her to the idea nonetheless and she applied for a years course to become a teacher. Just weeks into the course and Ann’s life began changing. Studying, learning and meeting like minded others boosted her self esteem, her energy and her love of life. Suddenly she had a new spark about her despite her recent marriage already showing signs of strain. She knew immediately that teaching was for her and sailed through the year with top grades, loving all three of her placements.

Ann went on to do a probationary year as a newly qualified English teacher in a nearby secondary school and felt at home right away. Yes some of the older children were much taller than her, some of the younger children tested her patience, and many of the students clearly had no intention of taking English any further than they had to, but overall inspiring a new generation, keeping one step ahead of the pupils and getting to use her degree daily excited Ann like nothing else ever had. The only thing troubling her was the lack of a permanent job after her probation year.

As summer approached Ann attended several interviews at her local council and she was finally put on a list of teachers available for positions in the local authority. However, June came and went and still no offer of permanent work so Ann reluctantly put her name on the list of available supply teachers who could be called to stand in for any teacher in the area.

Summer was spent trying to keep her fledgling marriage alive and preparing for classes in the hope she would have some to teach come August. The day before teachers were due back Ann’s mobile phone rang. It was the local authority offering her a supply post at a school three towns away. It would mean commuting by car for 40 minutes each way but Ann accepted right away, keen to show enthusiasm and delighted to be working again. After accepting she was told that the first two days were inter-town teaching training days and she would be expected at the school she already knew where every teacher in the area would be having training before term began.

Ann loved the training days and she met up with other staff from her new school, received her lanyard with entry ID for the building and introduced herself to her colleagues in the English department. On Wednesday morning she was up, showered, had breakfast and out the door on her way to work before 7:45am. Dressed in a smart pattered black dress which zipped up the back, black nylon tights and high heels she was determined not to be mistaken for any of the pupils despite her petite size. Ann arrived in plenty of time despite rush hour traffic and she was taken to the staff room where she made herself a tea and gathered her thoughts. The English department was on the upper floor so by 8:40 Ann made her way to her new temporary classroom and aquatinted herself with where everything was. By the time she’d found where white board markers, books, jotters, pens and pencils were the bell rang and a group of year 8 students noisily came through her door.

Registration went well, as did first period, and second, and Ann felt relieved and excited to be back in the classroom. Break left just enough time to find the staff room again and make herself another cup of tea before heading back to her classroom with it ready for third period and a class of nervous seventh graders. Surprisingly that lesson went well too and Ann was on a high, though by the end of that lesson she felt a desire to find the toilets, though as she had no idea where they were she had little choice but to wait. Fourth period saw a harder group of cocky ninth graders eager to just finish school and leave but with two years left to go. They were hormonal, noisy and boisterous leaving Ann little to no time to think about her bladder at all.

As the bell went for lunch and the class left Ann tidied up and was about to make her way to the staff room and look for bathrooms when one of her colleagues knocked her door and walked in. Graham was an older man, well dressed and friendly. Ann felt way too embarrassed to ask if he knew where the toilets were so she kept quiet as he told Ann that the dinner hall kept food aside for staff and invited her to follow him to the dinner hall where she could use her ID badge to access a free hot meal. Ann suddenly realised how hungry she was, thanked Graham, and followed him downstairs, looking around for toilets but not seeing any. 

Ann could smell the dining hall before she saw it and she could certainly hear it with over 1000 pupils all eating and talking in one room. Graham lead her to a side area where a dinner lady offered her the choice of a baked potato, a pasta dish, a selection of sandwiches or a hot filled roll. Ann opted for a bacon sandwich and a bottle of water, her breakfast suddenly feeling like it was days ago. Within minutes she had a paper bag with her roll in and she was handed a bottle of water and Graham lead her up a flight of stairs into the staff room. Still Ann hadn’t yet seen a ladies but she determined to eat her roll and then perhaps ask someone.

The staff room was busy and once Ann found a seat she found herself in the midst of a conversation with others within minutes as she ate her roll and drank most of her bottle of water, the salty bacon making her thirsty. The coffee table in front of her had plate after plate of cakes and Ann was encouraged to help herself so she took a lemon topped cupcake which she loved. As the conversation kept going, sitting on a Low’s padded seat Ann found herself crossing her legs and wondering how she could get herself up without disturbing anyone.

The row of seats had no arms and were just low cushioned seats in rows to allow as many staff to sit as possible. More than once thy had all been asked to ‘budge up a little’ to make room for another person and Ann felt people right on either side of her. Several times she wanted to ask where the toilets were before lunch ended but interrupting the flow of conversation seemed too embarrassing and Ann figured she would surely pass a toilet on her way back to the English department.

Ann could feel her bladder against her dress as she subconsciously placed her hands over it and rubbed. With her legs crossed she circled her foot to try and help hold. When that stopped working she bounced her knee a little. When that ceased having the desired effect she crossed her kegs over the other way. She hoped the room would start to thin out as staff made their way back to classrooms but neither person beside her moved at all until the bell rang for lessons and Ann found herself rushing back to her classroom before the next class arrived, feeling rather annoyed that she still hadn’t managed to get to a toilet.

By the time Ann got back to her classroom another group of year 7’s were nervously waiting, including with them a man in his early twenties who was there to sign for a deaf student. This was the first day of term, Ann was on,y at the school on supply to cover for a sick member of staff and now she was faced having to teach a class of children who were on their first ever afternoon at high school while bursting for the toilet! There was no way Ann could show her need and make herself a laughing stock let alone embarrass herself in front of the classroom support assistant! 

Ann let the class in and settled them welcoming them to the English department and making sure w eyeing was seated and settled. Fighting against a strong urge Ann had a sudden idea as she asked the class to think of their favourite novel and she would see if any were familiar with some of the ones they might be studying. While the children sat in pairs and quietly named to each other novels they had read Ann slipped into the walk in cupboard off the room, quickly lifting one leg behind her, bending forward and then holding herself very briefly while she picked up a bunch of different novels and walked back into the class.

Splitting the class into groups of four, having half the class looking away from her facing their classmates Ann issued each child with a sheet of paper and gave each group a different novel. Using their paper they had to jot down the book title and author and then gather information from each other and the actual book to see what they already knew about that novel even if they had never read it. On the board Ann wrote some things to look at including cover pic, synopsis,chapter headings, other books the author has written, genre, and title. All the time Ann was plagued by her desperate need to pee but trying her utmost to remain professional.

Now with the pupils on task and looking away from her she moved around much more as she moved from group to group facilitating and encouraging participation from everyone. She leaned on desks and moved her legs, crossed her legs when possible, swayed from side to side and eventually sat behind the teachers desk, her small height making it easier to hide the fact she had one hand between her legs as she became more and more bursting for the loo. In order to get tighter to her underwear though Ann did something very risky, but so badly needed: she pulled her dress up slightly so she wasn’t sitting in the back of it and slid her hand under the front right against her nylon tights as she tried to look natural and in control while under the desk she was anything but.

Even sitting like that Ann was still struggling, all her fluids of the day pushing against her and putting extreme pressure on her muscles. She couldn’t recall ever feeling so desperate but still she had no idea where the bathrooms were.

Ann had to suddenly stop what she was doing as she could sense someone coming closer and closer to her desk. Towering above her as she sat behind the desk, her hands now well away from her crotch, stood the assistant for the deaf child. He was tall, handsome and friendly looking and Ann found herself blushing subconsciously.

‘Excuse me. So sorry to disturb your class. It’s just young Harris has signed that he would like to be excused to visit the bathroom. Would that be ok?’

There was something about the man’s eyes that felt like they could see right through Ann and suddenly she wondered if the assistant could actually tell she herself was close to peeing herself she was so desperate. Try as she might to hide it Ann was aware she was wriggling in her seat so much as slight dribbles escaped into her light pink knickers, through the gusset and onto her nylon tights. As if aware the man continued

‘It’s just that I think he’s rather desperate. He’s new and nervous and been rather fidgety a while. You know what it’s like I’m sure. So can he go?’

Ann nodded and watched as the assistant gave a brief thumbs up to the student who stood up and headed for the door.

‘Are you not going with him?’ Ann whispered.

‘Oh he doesn’t need me to watch him pee! I can help you while he’s away if there’s anything I can do?’

Ann knew he meant the class but as more wee dripped into her pants she couldn’t help but ask.

With her face bright red from embarrassment, her knees tightly crossed and bending forwards in her chair Ann whispered:

‘Would you mind watching the class for two minutes? It’s just....it’s just I need to go somewhere urgently but I’ll be right back? Please?’

‘Do you know where you are going?’

‘Actually that’s why I haven’t managed to go yet. It’s the...the...’

Ann was so fidgety, so embarrassed and so utterly desperate to urinate...but asking where the ladies were just seemed so...hard...

‘Take your first left and you’ll see it on your right’ the assistant winked at Ann and she nodded, quickly stood up, bend forward, and almost ran out the room as quickly as she could, a damp area visible on the back of her dress.

Ann could not recall ever having been so bursting or coming so close to a full accident in her life! She decided from that day forward to check where the staff toilets were every time she was called to a new school.

Her underwear was still wet and her dress damp for the rest of the day but Ann managed to hide it well thankfully.

*058*2019-08-20 23:35

September: product demonstrator/salesman

Andy was delighted and overly boastful about his recent award of employee of the month. Andy loved making money and wanted nothing but the best. He was career focussed to the extreme and had every intention of becoming management within his five year plan. For now he was just ecstatic about being chosen to be the company ‘face and name’ at this years Ideal Home show in the centre of London and he was determined to prove he could exceed any target set. He was smooth talking, suave and charming. Young, handsome good humoured and exceedingly focussed with a depth of knowledge and commitment to his employer: he was the best choice, and he couldn’t disagree with that at all.

Andy thought highly of himself but his boss thought even highler of Andy. He had faith that if anyone could get money in at the biggest and most well attended event of the year it was Andy. If anyone could demonstrate the products to the best they could be it was Andy. If anyone could oversee the security of a large number of expensive machines, juggle payments, answer questions and still look as fresh as the moment he woke up it was Andy. The company believed and invested in him and Andy was determined to show he was up to it and so much more.

Andy dressed to impress with an expensive suit, silk tie in the company colours with their logo etched on, his hair neatly combed and clean shaven. He finished his coffee and croissant and got into his perfectly kept sports car. It was early on Friday morning but Andy had so much to set up and he wanted everything perfect. He also wanted a better stall pitch than he had been allocated and intended chatting up the organisers on arrival to see what could be done. 

Andy wanted all eyes on him and he was well aware that TV crews and press would be all over the event. The more exposure he could get the company the better for everyone. Andy parked easily and made his way through the stall holders entrance of the arena. It was a huge exhibition centre, the biggest of its kind in London and security was tight. As one of the first to arrive at just gone 6am Andy was through security and in the enormous arena before any other stall holders. That, he thought, had to give him advantage with the organisers and company and would give him a head start with set up.

With security tight the company, like every other company promoting at the event, had arranged for the products to be delivered in advance and Andy followed signs to find his stall was much more central than he first thought and two large TV companies had cameras set up nearby. Forklift trucks had delivered hundreds of products to each area and as requested Andy’s stall had a supply of electricity and a two large water dispensers behind the stall.

The company had paid handsomely for the backdrop to be of their colour and logo and tall stands which were yet to be set up had been left nearby ready to be stood up and placed where Andy felt was best. Andy had brought with him cloths in the company colour to cover tables and there was a large box of reusable company mugs that were fully recyclable in a box with the prestige products. Alongside the upmarket range Andy knew there were some lower prices bottom of the range products too but he hoped to concentrate much more on the top range and he had every plan to leave with the boxes all empty.

Deciding not to negotiate a better stand after all Andy used his time better to set up the advertising banners, unpack a range of products and get them set up, and fill the soup maker with fresh high quality vegetables from a local farm which he had at his stall. The coffee machine, blender, toaster, toasty maker, smoothie machine, kettle and slushy machine took less time to get ready but the soup maker would need a little longer. Andy had a schedule all prepared of how often he would have to refill each product to ensure he always had tasters available and he hoped the smell alone would entice people his way and keep them there.

Andy never stopped as more and more demonstrators and press arrived onsite, the noise and smells getting stronger as it approached opening time, by which time Andy had a coffee machine brewing, the soup maker ready, the smoothie maker set up, the slushy machine turning away and freshly made bread sitting by the toaster ready. By ten o’clock opening Andy was full of adrenaline and eager for action.

As the first crowds entered Andy was ready giving out free samples and smiling and chatting to as many as he possibly could, all the time making sure to be seen drinking the company coffee or smoothies from a company mug whenever possible. It helped immensely that Andy genuinely loved the taste of the product and he had to admit his soup tasted bliss, and he was sure ready for a mug of it having had breakfast so early.

The place was buzzing and Andy beamed as cameras from huge TV channels moved past by his stall as famous presenters took mugs from him of warm coffee or cool slushes or smoothies. Initially it was about getting the name of the company out there and letting people taste for themselves but it wasn’t long before sales began organically happening and once started Andy kept steadily busy as coffee machines, slushy machines and smoothie makers changed hands from the company to happy customers making Andy beam with pride.

By 11am Andy had consumed several mugs of coffee, a mug of soup and had tasters of several different smoothies. Adrenaline, focus on the task at hand and being continually busy meant he hadn’t even thought once about his steadily filling bladder or how he would actually get it a bathroom if he really needed to. He had been so single-mindedly focussed on setting up he hadn’t even thought to look for any toilets let alone use them. Time was too precious to waste on such trivialities.

By mid day as foot fall in the arena was at its peak Andy began to hear his bladder for the first time. A twinge here and there and thoughts passing through his mind of ‘I should go to the bathroom soon’ we’re continually overruled by his determination to see as many products and get the company name and his name ‘out there’. He counteracted his protruding thoughts by moving around which he had to do anyway to serve customers, keep the products restocked and keep the machines in action. Pouring drinks would push his need to the forefront for a moment but Andy would then distract himself by chatting to passers by and doing what he was there to do: promote and sell.

However as much as Andy tried to ignore his bladder it continued to fill and tease him and behind the cloth covered table Andy found himself having to tap a foot while chatting or bend a knee while filling the coffee machine yet again. With no-one to cover him and crowds everywhere he knew it was more than his life to even think about leaving so many expensive products for anyone to steal. He hadn’t friended any other stall holders who could watch his stall and he had no way if even calling his boss for a break since the company offices were 60 miles away. Whilst outwardly looking calm inwardly Andy was trying like crazy to find a way he could slip out to find a gents.

Unfortunately Andy was approached around 1pm by a rep from a week known telephone company who tasted one of the free samples and loved it. She caught Andy’s attention and Andy smiled seeing pound signs in his mind but also rather delighted at the opportunity to talk to a beautiful professional lady who looked like she held authority to some degree. Andy loved professional woman, especially those in skirt suits and nylon tights. 

Despite really needing the toilet he was t going to miss this opportunity in any way. Penelope wanted to taste everything but she also wanted to seriously buy...in bulk! She discussed discounts, transport, production and delivery times and Andy found he up with her for almost half an hour with his bladder constantly berating and disturbing his thoughts. For the first time all day Andy was looking nervous, moving around a lot and sweating. Penelope smiled and chatted him up and by the time she left Andy had signed a deal that his boss would be delighted at. His company would be the main supplier of kitchen goods to every office in the UK if the telephone company. It was the sort of deal Andy dreamed about and he knew his bonus would be tremendous next month.

As delighted as he was with himself (and even more delighted to have gotten Penelope’s mobile number!) he still had over fifty machines to sell and he really rather desperately needed a piss. The arena was still steadily full of visitors but Andy couldn’t focus like he could earlier as thoughts of finding a bathroom entered his head every few minutes. Fidgeting and moving wasn’t having the same holding effect any longer and Andy could feel his bladder very full against the waistband of his suit trousers.

As an older gent started chatting and asking about different options of smoothies Andy tried to stay still and professional but before the first minute was even up he had to slip a hand into his trouser pocket and stroke and squeeze to help hold off another powerful urge. Following what the potential customer was asking was becoming increasingly difficult and just as A day felt things couldn’t get worse a camera crew walked by focussed right on him and started filming. 

Andy could feel his face redden as he tried to tighten the grip on his member through his pocket and crossed his legs behind the table. For what felt like an absolute eternity both the gent and the filming continued on whilst Andy could feel his penis start twitching as he became more and more desperate. He leaned on the table for support and leaned slightly forward trying to act as casual as he could whilst his body tensed in every way possible to try and hold back the contents of his bladder. Whilst his mouth spoke of coffees and soups and smoothies his brain thought of toilets, urinals and huge long pees! Finally the cameras moved on and the gent bought a basic smoothie machine.

With crowds slowly dissipating now Andy looked longingly at the exit wondering if he could possibly take the risk of running out quickly to do an urgent piss. He longed for it with every ounce of his being and was almost constantly holding himself or rubbing or dancing around. Just at that point a tannoy announced that the ideal home show would be closing for the day in half an hour and for people to make any last purchases and make their way to the exit. Unfortunately Andy was close to the entrance and exit, well on the main thoroughfare anyway, so suddenly he found himself having a last minute rush of customer and every sale, every box he picked up and every final feee sample he gave out strained his bladder more than he ever thought possible.

Ten minutes later and who passed by but the beautiful Penelope who winked at Andy and smiled. Andy tried so hard not to stare or piss himself as he smiled back, one hand wedged in his pocket holding his penis for dear life. He was so close to letting go but he couldn’t possibly do that now. He had to hold however hard it was to do so.

What Andy forgot all about was tidying up and putting away! Even as the final customers slowly made their way to the exits Andy cursed quietly as another serious urge made his penis throb. His testicles ached, his bladder pulsates, his penis throbbed. He aches to pee so badly, more than he could ever recall experiencing before.

Suddenly Andy had an idea. It was very risky but continuing to hold was every bit as risky in his state too. He took two small free sample customer mugs and bend down behind the table he was standing at, almost crawling under the table whilst he undid his fly and put his throbbing half erect penis into the first mug as he almost screamed to be able to fully release. With huge concentration Andy slowly let out enough until the cup was full before placing it on the floor and filling the next one. Earlier on whilst working the feee sample mugs had felt so big but now using them to take the edge off his pain they seemed incredibly tiny. Filling the mugs took little pain away, if at all ams Andy swore it actually made things worse!

As someone with a fluorescent waistcoat passed by Andy shouted them over.

‘Hey mate. You couldn’t look after the goods here for one minute could you? I really need to run to the toilet.’

‘Ah sorry mate. I’ve been radioed to the foyer sorry. Is there no-one else about to help you?’

‘I can’t see anyone and honestly it’s an emergency. I’ve been absolutely bursting for hours. Seriously mate? I’m very near pissing myself here!’

‘Sorry mate!’

The short conversation was long enough for another spurt of warm liquid to spurt out of Andy’s tightly held member causing his boxers to dampen and Andy to run out the arena like a sprinter in the Olympics. Andy raced to the foyer scanning for toilets almost running into people as he did. Just then he heard a familiar voice.

‘Hi Andy. You ok?’

‘Oh Hi....hi...Penelope...’

Andy had both hands between his legs, bent forward and almost in tears.

‘Oh fuck! Toilets? I need toilets. So fucking urgently.’

‘Ah. Goodness of course Andy. You haven’t used them yet? Really? When did you get here? Oh my word you must be so incredibly desperate by now. All the coffee, smoothies...soup...I can imagine you must have wanted to really go for some time. You look so bursting. You really do. Oh yeah..,toilets. Just a minute while I think. I know where the ladies are...but if course you can’t use them. Gents....there must be some around here somewhere...Andy? You ok?’

Andy stood there clutching himself as another strong spurt burst out of his throbbing, now even harder willy. This time a wet circle could clearly be seen on his expensive suit trousers as Andy jumped about like a little toddler gripping himself and dancing even with crowds around him.

‘Andy, you ok?’

‘No! I’m fucking pissing myself! Toilets!! Where are they? I’ve been God damn bursting to go for three fucking hours...fuck! This is so embarrassing. I’m sorry! Oh God I can’t hold this any longer!’

With sympathetic eyes and a reassuring voice Penelope reached over and touched Andy as she whispered against the noise and bustle of the crowds; ‘then don’t.’

Electricity seemed to surge throw every hair on Andy’s body. The touch, her smile, those two words, his burning need to urinate. Andy grabbed and held Penelope’s hand as his body slowly relaxed and warm piss poured out down his legs, all around his crotch and forming a huge puddle on the floor. Andy had never felt so embarrassed, so electrified, so relieved...and so damn hard in all his life.

Andy had known it would be an eventful day but he hadn’t expected things to turn out quite the way they had. At least he had made thousands of pounds and his bonus alone would more than cover the cost of a new suit. Penelope didn’t let go of his hard right away either so Andy couldn’t help but wonder if he would remember the Ideal Hone show for more than business related affairs.

And oh the relief and ecstasy that finally pissing had brought Andy made him feel like a changed man in so many ways.

*065*2019-09-02 22:59

October: Fancy Dress shop assistant

Hazel loved dressing up right from when she was a toddler: a dinosaur, a princess, a superhero or a nurse; she was never happier than when she was in fancy dress and pretending to be someone else. From re-enacting movies dressed as her favourite character to swanning around her bedroom like a queen, Hazel and dress up went together like fish and chips.

As the teenage years crept up on her Hazel invited herself (and got invited to) more parties than her parents could count, and for every occasion Hazel delighted in dressing as whoever she pleased, adding makeup and accessories as she grew and discovering sexier outfits as college and employment began.

Hazel tried traditional employment as best as she could. Tall, well endowed, slightly overweight, outgoing, but smart, she tried working as a secretary then in a call centre and even in a nursing home but nothing seemed to last as she resented the hours at work when she would rather be dressed up. So when an old school acquaintance contacted her to say their step dad was looking for someone to work in his fancy dress hire shop Hazel jumped at the chance. By now she was edging closer to thirty and excited about her big birthday with huge plans for a massive Cosplay party with everyone in character. It was an absolute blessing, Hazel thought, that her birthday fell a week after Halloween and everyone was keen to reuse their costumes.

With two weeks to her party and one week to Halloween Hazel visited the fancy dress hire shop in the retail park and introduced herself. Her enthusiasm and excitement got her the job instantly but there was one ‘catch’, (except to Hazel it wasn’t a catch more a perk really): leading up to Halloween Darren required all his staff to ‘get into the spirit’ by wearing one of the shop’s outfits. The staff could choose, of course, but it was all about the atmosphere and ambiance and it, of course, helped abundantly with the sales too.

Hazel didn’t want to leave and spent well over an hour searching through the vast array of costumes looking for something that caught her eye. The shop seemed to have everything from superhero’s to movie characters, to TV personalities to every service job like firefighter, nurse, maid, police officer etc to fairy story characters, book characters and then an entire range of Halloween costumes. It was in the latter section that Hazel settled on a sexy full body skeleton body suit made of Lycra that accentuated every curve of her body but also kept her discreet as it covered her whole legs, body and arms. Hazel tried it on but she had to ask a stranger in the next door dressing room to zip her up as the zip began at her lower back and ran up to the back of her neck.

Hazel looked at herself in the full length mirror and loved what she saw. Her long dark brown hair shone against the tight black suit with white skeleton glow in the dark pattern. She struggled to get out of the suit, having to step out the changing room and ask someone to unzip her, but to Hazel this didn’t seem an issue and she loved everything about the suit. She hung it back up and took it to the till to her new boss who approved greatly and put it aside for Hazel in the morning. It was almost closing time but the shop was still very busy and Darren requested Hazel start work for 8:30 but to come earlier to give her time to get ready.

The next morning Hazel was up, fed. showered and ready and at the shop for 8:10am. Darren was already inside and handed Hazel the outfit as he unlocked the changing rooms. He told her to shout if she needed anything and to bring her clothes to the front desk. Hazel shouted on him to zip her up and then she folded her jeans and shirt up into a bag and put it behind the till counter.

Darren offered her a drink and Hazel accepted a coffee while Darren showed her the different sizes of clothes they sold, the layout of the shop and how to measure someone if required. As well as fancy dress hire the shop also did kilt and suit hire hire for weddings and formal events and Hazel may need to measure customers if required. He promised to show her how to work the till as the day went on but initially he wanted her out helping customers, advising, and preventing shop lifting. Hazel had no issues with that and loved seeing herself as she passed the mirrors dotted around the shop. Her suit was snug but so comfortable and Hazel had never felt sexier. Darren, meanwhile, had dressed as a wizard and Hazel knew he would draw the attention of customers.

By 9:15 customers were arriving and Hazel had finished her mug of coffee. Eager to please she sat the empty mug by the till and went over to help the customers. The morning went in quickly with a lot of sales made, mostly cute outfits for children to trick or treat in but with a few adults treating themselves too. Hazel was eye catching and she saw a few customers browse the rail where her skeleton outfit was. By late morning though Hazel was finding the shop warm. Darren clearly was too as he offered Hazel a short break to get herself a cold drink, telling her to help herself to a can of juice from the staff fridge.

Sitting in the staff room at 11:30 Hazel realised while gulping her lemonade that she could do with a quick loo break. She was sure she had seen the toilets near the changing rooms so she put her can in the recycle bin and made her way there. She was right about the bathrooms being there and as she pushed open the door to the ladies her desire to pee increased greatly. It wasn’t until she closed and locked the cubicle thought that she realised she had a big problem: however she tried she just couldn’t get her outfit unzipped in order to use the toilet. With the toilet right in front of her Hazel rubbed her bladder and curtsied as her need to pee felt so strong. She tried reaching the zip from the top of her shoulders but couldn’t manage. 

She tried from behind but that didn’t work either. She tried catching it on the wall even, but that failed too. Knowing she needed to be back in the shop as soon as possible, she opened the cubicle to see if anyone was around to help her but the toilets were otherwise empty. She tentatively opened the main door of the bathroom and looked into the changing rooms but surprisingly they appeared empty too. Hazel looked longingly at Darren serving at the till and thought about interrupting him but she just couldn’t embarrass herself in from of a busy shop. She decided she’d just have to wait until the shop was quieter and then ask someone then. She gave herself a quick push with her hand between her legs (hidden by the door) and headed back out into the main shop where a customer asked for assistance finding an outfit before Hazel had time to think.

Being busy helped distract Hazel though she could feel the Lycra of her suit stretching as her bladder grew. She tried not to make it obvious she needed the toilet but as time went on she found herself crossing her legs, raising one leg behind the other and rubbing her bladder while advising customers. All the time Hazel would look over to see if the till area was quiet so she could ask Darren to help release her from her outfit so she could pee. The till was always busy though and by 11:55 Hazel was wondering what else she could do to help her get out of her outfit. Her need to pee was more constant now and distracting.

Hazel looked over at the till again after helping yet another parent search for a Woody outfit from Toy Story for her four year old and noticed that her old school friend, Patel, was serving and Darren wasn’t anywhere to be seen. Using the excuse of saying thank you for thinking about her for the job, Hazel walked to the till to see Patel, also hoping she might perhaps be willing to loosen the zip on her suit so she could quickly have a wee. Patel smiled and waved to Hazel as she drew closer but a constant stream of customers made conversation limited. Finally there was a short gap and Hazel noticed Patel wasn’t in fancy dress.

‘Darren’s just popped out to the bakers for some lunch. He took a pile of leaflets too so think he’s planning on giving those out before coming back. He said you are doing great! I’m just here to help until he comes back. Did he tell you about the Incy Wincy nursery across the road by the way?’

‘No he didn’t. Patel I was wondering if you could help me with something?’

‘Oh he should have mentioned the nursery! It’s where my son goes. Anyway the Head is coming over shortly. They are putting on a Halloween party for the kids next week and coming in to get nursery rhyme themed outfits for the staff. Obviously she’s not got long to hang around so I have a list of the staff sizes and wondered if you could fill a spare rail from the cupboard up with a selection of suitable stuff she could look at. You know like Little Bo Peep, Red Riding Hood, The Three bears, Incy Wincy spider of course...thanks! I’ll come over and help with whatever it was you wanted as soon as things calm down. Cheers!’

The till queue was forming quickly and Patel went on to serve customers as Hazel fetched a spare rail and started looking for nursery rhyme outfits while helping customers at the same time. Meanwhile her bladder filled more and more and Hazel found it harder to hide the fact she really needed a minute to use the toilet. She rocked slightly from foot to foot anxiously and crossed her legs when possible. She leaned forward as she looked for sizes to add to the rail and bit her lip. Her nipples were so hard and sensitive against the tight outfit, her bladder pushing and aching.

Sweat drops formed on her forehead and the tingling between her legs felt like it was so extreme like someone was tickling her in her most private area with a feather! She really regretted drinking the can of lemonade so quickly earlier as another strong urge caused her to whimper a little and dance around. It was impossible to hide now and Hazel put two more outfits on the rail and headed back to the till to ask Patel if she could quickly run to the lavatory. It was more of an urgent need than a request as Hazel used the rail of clothes to hide behind as she momentarily put a hand between her leg to help herself hold.

The till was still constant and Hazel couldn’t really stand still as she waited to try and get Patel’s attention. As another urgent urge came Hazel left the rail of clothes and ran to the toilets running straight to a cubicle and locking it. Suddenly she remembered that she couldn’t get her Lycra all in one body suit off as a warm spurt of pee pushed out beyond her control wetting her pants. Hazel sat on the toilet fully dressed with one hand tightly between her legs. She was achingly desperate to pee, sitting exactly where she should be to get release yet unable to remove her sexy outfit in order to get the relief her whole body craved.

She stroked back and forth between her legs with her hand, loving the feeling it gave her through the skin tight material as her other hand moved to her tender breasts and played with her obviously hard erect nipples which could be felt so easily through the body suit. Hazel moaned as another wave of urgent desire to piss enveloped her entire body as she pressed harder and stroked faster on her hard clit and pounding urethra which could both be felt clearly thought the suit. Hazel was red and sweating both from the effort of holding her full bladder and the movements and feelings she was doing to herself. She wasn’t deliberately trying to masterbate but she so urgently needed to pee and clenching her legs and swinging them, combined with stroking her vaginal area and rocking was not only very pleasurable but it was definitely helping prevent her peeing herself through an expensive dress up outfit she adored.

Hazel continued her actions as she moaned quietly until she shook and realised she had climaxed quicker than she had ever done during sex with anyone! It was like a flick switched and immediately her intense desire to pee settled as if she had had release from that too,even though she hadn’t. She stood up, instinctively flushing the chain, washed her hands and went back to work.

Back in the shop Patel was laughing with a customer as they both looked at the rail of clothes Hazel had looked out and Hazel guessed it was the nursery manager Patel was with. She didn’t want Patel to see her red face, smell her sweat or hear her heart beating fast so she instead headed towards the door for some fresh air. Outside she could see Darren in the distance handing out leaflets and attracting a lot of attention in his wizard outfit. Hazel smiled loving the fact someone else seemed to share her love of dressing up.

Her thoughts were rudely interrupted by a customer asking if they had an outfit in a certain size and Hazel went to ask Patel. On her way to the till she felt a strange and sudden sensation hit her. Instantly her urgent need to urine returned with a vengeance and Hazel bent forward with her legs crossed as a leak of warm pee slid out of her aching urethra and Hazel felt it run down her thighs. She HAD to get someone to unzip her outfit NOW or she knew she would wet herself any minute!

Patel was serving but Hazel couldn’t stop herself, interrupting with a cowboy outfit in one hand and her other tight between her legs as tears formed in her eyes.

‘Sorry Patel! A customer wants to know if we have this aged 8 at all....plus I really need to use the bathroom could you unzip my suit a bit please as I can’t get it off. Please. Sorry I interrupted it’s just I’ve been holding so long I’m gonna wet myself here!’

Hazel was well aware customers were staring at her. She knew she looked a sight dressed in a tight Lycra body suit with glow in the dark skeleton outline, holding herself and bend forward like a young child. But more dribbles were running down her leg making her shiver with every wet hair and she knew that any second her urethra would open fully and she would have a huge puddle to clean.

Patel was so embarrassed and annoyed to have interrupted a customer but she leaned over and pulled the zip on the back of Hazel’s fancy dress outfit enough that she could grab it from behind. Hazel ran with all her might back to the ladies, opening the cubicle and locking it for the third time in an hour! She twisted her hand behind her and frantically felt for the zip as she pulled it down to her waist as she squirmed and moaned and pleaded with herself to hurry up. 

She couldn’t remember ever having to pee so bad ever! With her whole body sweating the Lycra seemed to cling to her and pulling each arm out was proving harder than Hazel wanted. Finally both arms were out and Hazel shifted from side to side as she tried to wiggle the tight costume down over her swollen bladder and larger than should be thighs, finally managed to get it down enough she could see and feel her underwear. Her knickers smelt wet, they looked wet and they sure felt wet as Hazel lowered them enough to sit down on the toilet pan.

Even before she did so another long spurt blasted out of her and splashed loudly into the toilet she was straddled over.

‘Oh thank God I made it! Phew!’

Hazel sat there for what seemed like weeks while her bladder relaxed fully and emptied. She dabbed the inside of the body suit with toilet paper before wiping herself and pulling up her wet pants and pulling the skeleton body suit back on.

She washed her hands and zipped up as best she could before asking a stranger who had just come out the toilets if they would mind zipping her up again.

Hazel was never more embarrassed to return to the shop but thankfully she could hear Patel leaving as Darren came in, right past the tills and heading right towards her. He looked stressed and flustered and Hazel feared she was about to lose yet another job.

‘Hi Hazel, Patel had to rush away to get her son but I can’t do the tills for a minute. Could you just say I’ll be back in two minutes to the customers? If I don’t get to the gents in sixty seconds flat I’m gonna piss this fucking Wizard suit. Got to run. Thanks!’

And at that Hazel watched as her boss raced into the gents to pee. Hazel smiled realising she knew exactly how he felt and just glad she wasn’t the only one who almost peed herself at work that day!

*071*2019-09-15 23:12

November: the Director

Edward had been looking forward to this day for a very long time. Years of talking, planning and building had come to an end and today was the big day: a huge recreational hub built to his design, and under his management, opening in his town, by him, and even named after him: ‘The Forrester Sports Hub’. As Director for Sports and Recreation of one of the biggest local authorities in the country Edward knew this huge, ambitious centre would make local and national news. He already had interviews lined up for major radio stations and TV studios. A twenty-five million pound project from taxpayers money always drew attention and Edward was braced and ready.

First he had to cut the ribbon amid a fanfare of crowds, photography and music and unveil a plaque with his name on followed by an entire day of events throughout the hub to showcase every aspect of it in all its glory. Everyone in the community was invited with schools taking part, youth clubs, sports clubs, and even senior citizens would be in the brand new swimming pool showing off aqua aerobics too.

Edward was excited and had his car (one of the three he owned) washed and prepared, a new suit made especially for the day and he had spent over £100 just getting his hair styled. Edward was used to looking good and gaining attention but today he intended to lap it up and savour every moment. He woke early in his six bedroom home, showered and had breakfast with his wife while his son texted to say he would watch him live from his office later in the day. 

He then drove the 20 minute ride into town and parked in his reserved space. He swiped in before 8am and was delighted to see his trusted secretary already in. Edward was more than familiar with the layout of the new hub having sat many hours with the architects and he had visited often during construction but several fractious calls had warned him that some things hadn’t gone quite to plan and there were a few unfinished places and therefore locked doors today to avoid the press seeing what was, as yet, incomplete. Megan handed Edward his usual coffee plus a paper outline of the building and a full schedule for the day. He had to be at the centre in an hour and a half but first he had an urgent briefing meeting and a few calls to make.

Edward checked his emails in his office before making two quick calls and then heading to the briefing meeting. There he was briefed by lawyers, the public relations team and senior officials as to what to say and what to avoid and between them a press release was drafted and emailed out. The meeting was just finalising when Megan knocked on the door to say he had to leave. With hand shakes and good luck messages and a whisper from Megan to text or call if he needed her, Edward was usher down the corridor and into his car and off to the days event.

Crowds had gathered already but despite the centre still closed to the public Edward was taken into a side entrance where he had a microphone fitted and light make up applied for the cameras. Then it was right back out to start proceedings by cutting the ribbon. The air was cold, typical for November in England, and Edward felt cold and a little uncomfortable. He put it down to the cold air but actually just as he was handing the scissors back he realised he was needing the bathroom a little and once in the building he would find them later. 

For now he gave his short public speak which was being recorded for local and national news and shook the hand of a young boy, Adam, who had physical disabilities and was finally able to participate in more sports thanks to the design of the new hub. Edward stood beside the wheelchair awkwardly while more photos were taken then pressed the button to open the doors while Adam self propelled himself in as the first person through the doors. From then on it was orchestrated as football teams entered and made their way to pitches, others made their way to pools and gyms and still others to netball and volleyball. Had Edward had the chance he would far rather have been signing in for the golf course build at the rear of the hub but he’d have plenty time for that on others days.

Edward was guided into a dance studio, set up for day as a champagne reception for VIP’s. Edward was handed a glass of champagne and delighted in mingling with old friends and colleagues. He was so distracted by the chat and atmosphere it wasn’t until he was lead towards the pools that he remembered his need to find a bathroom. Not wanting to make a scene Edward was happy to wait, at least for now. He was guided to a front row poolside seat and he took his suit jacked off as the heat from the water made him hot.

The music was catchy and buoyant as Edward enjoyed watching a group of seniors citizens dance in the water to pop songs released well after most of them had started collecting their pensions. He tapped his foot to the beat thinking he would quickly find the gents when this event finished. He was about to get up when another song started and the Aqua Aerobics group continued. Another four songs later and the foot tapping was accompanied by a little crossing of his legs as the splashing and movement of the water wasn’t helping one bit. It was almost 11am and Edward had been awake around 5 hours and only used the bathroom once.

As the group began to wind up their routine Edward started to stand up. His intention was to head back to the main reception and follow signs to the gents but the newly appointed manager of the hub needed him somewhere else. There was a schedule to keep and no time at present for any bathroom trips, regardless how needed.

Edward was walked, happily, away from the pool, and outside to football pitches where a friendly charity match was being played to mark the opening of the community facility. Always a keen fan of the sport Edward cheered and clapped at tackles, kicks and dribbles from both teams. Even with the distraction of the game Edward could feel his body feeling cold, his stomach feeling hungry and his bladder feeling full. After some brief photographs Edward was once again ushered back inside right past some toilets and into a side room where cameras and reporters were about to have their chance to grill him before he had a break for lunch.

Edward read the press release prepared earlier that morning and did his best to avoid deliberately antagonist questions about spent on the centre and why both he and his extended family were all exempt from membership fees. Edward was uncomfortable, not just with the way questioning was headed but mostly by the fact he really really needed to find a bathroom. He shuffled in his seat, sweat on his brow and his feet swinging. Of course he knew his body language would be interpreted by the press as him feeling the pressure of questioning but only he knew it was pressure from his very full bladder instead.

Edward was never happier when a knock at the door signalled it was time for him to leave. His friend, and manager of the centre, asked how it went and Edward replied ‘as expected’ but added quietly ‘any chance I could nip to the Gents before lunch Harry?’ ‘Yeah sure, mate. The ones along here are open though some are locked as I said to you on the phone the other day. Don’t want the press seeing unfinished tiling do we?’

Edward held his muscles tightly as he walked beside his mate, eagerly anticipating the release he would get very soon. As they turned a corner though they were met with a class of local school children who were touring the facilities and making use of some training on offer. Edward was recognised by a couple of the children who asked for his autograph. Edward didn’t want to stop but once again a camera seemed to chase him and he felt obliged to support the children despite being bursting to pee. He pulled a pen from his shirt pocket and looked fir something to sign. Reaching into his pocket he found the map of the centre Megan had given him and without thinking folded it and signed it fir both children, tearing it in half so they each had one. Then with a brief thanks he almost ran after Harry in the hope he was taking him to the toilets.

Harry smiled with relief as he spotted a sign for toilets as he followed behind his friend. But he couldn’t quite get in as Harry paused right outside the door as two key players from the nearby premier league football team stopped to ask Harry about training on the large football fiends and how they had been so inspired by the hub so far they both wanted to train some local children.

Harry was in his element listing the facilities the hub offered, the community opportunities and the difference this would make to the kids, all the time, assumedly unconsciously aware he was blocking access to the toilet from his friend. Edward didn’t want to seem rude as he stood crossed legged, but as the conversation continued Edward had to put one hand in his trouser pocket in order to squeeze his penis. Seeing the logo for the toilets, being so close and having wanted to go for so long, it was tantalisingly so close yet so far. Edward stepped from gout to foot trying not to show just how badly he wanted his friend to move.

Just then some close colleagues walked by and grabbed Edwards arm as they almost carried him along to a nearby tracing room set up as a huge buffet for VIP’s. Smelling and seeing the food reminded Edward how hungry he was so to distract himself from his bladder and to appease his hollow stomach he joined the line and helped himself to some food and a coffee. He moved and mingled and ate all the Tim was becoming more and more aware that he HAD to get back to the toilets as soon as possible.

When he couldn’t bare the pressure on his bladder and abdomen any longer Edward made his excuses and slipped back into the corridor to head to the bathroom. Just as he was a few steps from pushing the door open his mobile rang. Everyone in the office knew where he was, today of all days. His family had all been told too. Frustrated, desperate and annoyed Edward answered without checking the screen.

‘Hello?’

‘Mr Forrester. Are you ok?’

‘Oh Megan. Sorry. Listen can I call you back in five minutes. There’s something really urgent I need to do right now.’

‘Oh. Can it wait? You are nit going to like this. The press are crucifying you sir. They are calling for you to be sacked.’

‘Oh. God. Seriously? Megan I’ll call you back in a few minutes, I promise. It’s just...’

‘But sir are you ok to let this go? They are planning to run it live in just five minutes. You are going to be on the lunch time BBC news. Apparently you looked guilty and uncomfortable in your interview. What’s going on?

‘Megan, honestly. You really want to know? I’ve been damn well bursting for the loo for two hours and I’m right outside the gents blooming well holding myself because I’m gonna have an accident. I was desperate to piss in that interview ok! I’m not guilty of anything...except...oh fuck Megan. I need to go. I seriously NEED to piss so badly.’

‘Badly enough to lose your job sir?’

‘Look what can I do? So what if the manager I appointed was my best mate in school. So what if we went over budget. What else should tax payers money be used for? Sport should be a priority surely? Look I can’t talk about this right now. I’m leaking piss here! I’ve never bloody needed to piss more than I do right now. You want me to piss myself? Cos that’s what’s happening if you don’t stop going on! I need to go. Goodbye.’

‘One last thing sir. I’m quitting.’

Edward hung up the phone, one hand clutching his penis through his trouser pocket for dear life as he pushed the gents door open, ran up to the urinal and unzipped. As he fished his exhausted penis out and waited while his brain finally told him he could release he banged the tiles with his fist. God, this was meant to be the day he had looked forward to all his life. How could it all be going so wrong?

Edward wanted to swear in frustration. With his head resting on the tiles above the urinal and his eyes closed he hadn’t released his aim was out and his strong and long missed the urinal and poured all over his expensive shoes and socks.

What took years of planning all ruined by pee. Despite hours of holding and a now empty bladder Edward felt little relief in any way. For all he earned, for all his status, he felt vulnerable and stressed more than he ever had before.

Maybe some champagne would make it all a bit better.

