In times of desperation - Page 6

*125*2020-07-28 22:39

Chapter 53:

The air had a chill about it now and the street lights were on as Will held Sarah’s hand as they walked back through the tree covered path to her car. A shiver went right through Will sending a slight urge from his bladder. It was nothing much and no doubt just the change in temperature so he could ignore it for now.

Sarah started her car to drive the few metres to the car park next door. It seemed crazy moving the car such a short distance but rules were rules and she wasn’t about to get a ticket for something so simple. In the brief quietness she suddenly remembered something she wanted to tell Will.

‘Oh Will, I’ve just remembered something. I haven’t had the chance to say yet but Hannah, my receptionist, took a call today from the building owners at my office. Since starting my own business self employed several years ago I have rarely taken time off. Just a week or two at the peak of summer sometimes and a week at Christmas, but the owners need to do some urgent work on the building and for a week I need to close. I’m not sure how I feel about it fully yet but thought I would say anyway. It’s quite sudden and unexpected and for some of my clients it will be upsetting to their therapy, but it seems there’s little I can do. I’m not comfortable seeing clients in my home and it’s not well...safe really...so anyway I have a week off at the start of March. Oh man, I talk far too much at times! I think I’m nervous sorry.’

Will laughed then suddenly remembered the last email he read before leaving work just a few hours ago. So much had happened since then it seemed like weeks ago but in reality it was just earlier that day. Will sat bolt upright as Sarah parked her car outside the cinema.

‘You’re not going to believe this Sarah! I had an email just before I left the office from my boss saying I need to take another five days holiday before the end of the financial year! That’s weird don’t you think?’

Sarah turned her engine off and climbed out her car as Will did the same, continuing the conversation as they did so.

‘Well we could take the same week maybe Will? What do you think? Sorry I’m running away with myself here. Just ignore me.’

Will took Sarah’s hand as they walked into the cinema.

‘Sarah, that’s one thing I could never do. You know, ignore you.’

Will learned towards Sarah to kiss her hair. Oh he adored her hair so much, the colour, the smell, the way it waved in and out of his fingers when he felt it. The thought of a whole week with Sarah seemed like heaven right now. But right this minute they had a film to see and Will was excited at yet another new experience he was about to conquer.

They stopped together to read the list of films and times lit on a large wall in front of them.

‘I’m going to guess you’ve already done some research Will. So what’s the best one to see? Your choice.’

Will smiled, guiding Sarah to the counter where he bought two tickets to a sequel and handed them to Sarah.

‘Oh Will. Great choice. It starts in five minutes though. You paid for dinner and the tickets so I’ll get some snacks. Wait here and we can walk in together. I’ll be right back.’

Sarah hurried over to the kiosk where she ordered two large sodas and a tub of popcorn. They’d just had a meal so she figured this would be enough as she called over to Will to carry his drink in as they walked along the corridor to theatre number 5. As expected on a Friday evening it was very popular and their allocated seats were in the middle of row H right in the centre of the room. They squeezed past people before finally finding their seats, sitting their drinks in the arm rests and getting comfortable.

No sooner had Will sat down that he realised the two pints of beer from earlier would be wanting out soon. It hadn’t just been the draft, or the change in temperature, he did actually need the bathroom, though now he was stuck in the middle of a busy theatre with a two hour film about to begin. He held all day at work so what’s two hours really, he thought to himself as he sat back and crossed his legs lightly. He’d never been in a cinema, despite being almost 29, and although having a stranger to his immediate right he was more amazed at the huge screen, the comfortable seats and the size of the room that anything else. As the adverts started the volume seemed excessive but it wasn’t long before Will shut everything else off and settled his nerves enough to hold Sarah’s hand and enjoy the film. He could already see the appeal of the big screen compared to his TV at home and the sound, although loud, was coming from all angles and creating quite an atmosphere.

Will was ready to forget all his worries and relax for the next two hours. He only hoped he didn’t fall asleep!

Sarah had hoped for another quick loo break before the film. She wasn’t really needing to go but two hours seemed a long time to not go especially after two glasses of lemonade and a large soda during the film. However the carrying of her juice and popcorn, combined with the fact the film was about to start, meant she never got the change to go. It wasn’t ideal that their seats were centre row now as well, but as the adverts began and Will held her hand she realised she was worried unnecessarily and two hours wasn’t long at all really. Besides she would be too busy watching the film to even think about anything else.

There was no need to worry at all.

&&

&&

&&

*126*2020-07-29 08:11

Last chapter for a week then I’ll be back:

Chapter 54:

It was amazing how much a person could eat and drink unintentionally, Sarah thought, as her hands occupied themselves by slipping into the popcorn and raising her juice to her mouth continually. It was almost subconscious and the therapists in her did wonder how many people around her were using the cinema as escapism as much as entertainment. Thankfully, as the film gathered pace her mind eventually focussed on the storyline and she laughed and smiled along like everyone else, caught up in nothing more than the screen in front of her, almost forgetting even that Will was right beside her.

Will was struggling to get into the film at first, wishing instead he was alone with Sarah doing something else, but as time went on he relaxed more and sipped at his soda which he was sure was very overpriced and definitely not branded. He could taste the difference and added ice usually meant for him that unless he drank it fairly quickly his drink would taste too mild and diluted as the ice melted. He wasn’t overly thirsty, having had two pints of beer with his meal, but the idea of diluted watered down cheap cola didn’t appeal, so while it was clearly a cheap alternative it would be a lot worse if his ice melted. For that reason he drank most of it in the first half hour of the film, something which he knew he might later regret.

As a loud, slightly scary, part happened in the film Sarah found herself automatically crossing her legs. She realised, finally, that she really should have went to the ladies before the film started but now sat in the centre of a full row of strangers she felt embarrassed to move. She reasoned her need would soon subside so switched back to film mode and tried to ignore her body’s desires, all while sipping her soda now and again without any thought to the fact this may make things worse.

Will shifted on his seat a bit as he felt suddenly uncomfortable and distracted. His stomach was bloated as he rubbed his hand over it and felt his distended bladder. He rubbed it gently hoping that it would magically disappear as he crossed his ankles and tapped the top of his leg. Had he been at home he may have paused the film at this point for a much needed pee break but as this wasn’t possible he tried ignoring his growing need to switch back to the film. The theatre was dark, lit only by the screen in front and small exit signs above the doors at the rear, but Will could make out the outline of Sarah beside him and he smiled to himself as he thought of her. He wasn’t too deeply into the film yet and he sort of wished he could take Sarah’s hand and whisk her away alone. He reached over to feel for Sarah’s hand which she took happily. He would whisk her via the toilets first if he could though. He would feel much more comfortable then.

Sarah’s bladder was starting to niggle at her more. She changed position and tried to ignore it but the pounding and tingling between her legs wasn’t for disappearing and Sarah was getting annoyed. Will had paid good money for them to watch this film and she was enjoying it and besides she reckoned she’d have to disturb around 10 plus strangers just to get out from the middle of the row. She would need to try and wait.

Will shifted in his seat again. The film seemed to be going so slowly and his bladder was filling all too fast. The only saving grace was the lack of lightening which meant he could cross his legs at the knee and slip his free hand lightly between them leaning very lightly on his member to help subside his feelings of needing release. That seemed to help but then another wave would come and Will found himself having to change position again and cross his legs the opposite way. His need was increasing fast and he wasn’t comfortable about that fact one bit.

If only he was at home where he could take a break, or even sat at the end of a row where nipping out was simple. Will was terrified of strangers and could never find himself putting them out or inconveniencing them at all. He had a rummage in his pocket and glanced at his mobile phone for the time, disappointed to see the film wasn’t even half way through yet. Will leaned to the side and slid his hand between his crossed legs and tried to find a comfortable position but nothing was taking away the throb he was feeling down below.

Another wave hit Sarah quite unexpectedly as she laughed at something in the film. She pushed her bottom as far back onto the seat as possible and leaned forward, almost looking like she was going to vomit. She hadn’t meant it to draw attention to herself so when the stranger to her left asked if she was feeling ok she flushed red and apologised saying she’d just slid on her chair a bit before straightening up again and trying to find a more appropriate position. She tried leaning with her back slightly to the stranger and placed her hand on the top of her leg. Will seemed to see this as an invite to snuggle in and placed his arm around her which Sarah welcomed despite feeling quite a need to pee. She wished she had leggings on though, or any trousers really, rather than the dress skirt she had worn to work that day which really restricted her movements right now.

Will saw Sarah lean forward and felt concerned. He was about to ask if she was ok when he heard someone else ask and Sarah turn towards him so he drew her close by placing his arm around her and leaning towards her. He really wanted to take her and leave though as his bladder ached to pee and he began to wonder if perhaps Sarah’s did too. Will was starting to get nervous now as time moved on. His bladder was filling and filling still and he was now bouncing his leg continually trying to keep his penis from leaking. He really did need to piss rather badly and the film wasn’t even half way through. He noticed Sarah shift again in her seat and cross her legs with a hand between them. The idea of Sarah bursting again was an enormous turn on but Will’s penis only wanted one thing right now: to piss.

Sarah was getting more and more convinced she would need to somehow get to the ladies soon. She was bursting and unable to sit still at all. As the film quietened down she leaned over to Will and whispered to him.

‘I really really need the bathroom.’

‘Me too. So badly.’

Sarah gently moved Will’s arm from behind her and slid his hand that had been playing with her hair between her legs as much as she could through the top of her skirt. Will responded by taking Sarah’s hand and pressing it firmly over his crotch.

If either so much as leaked the other would be the first to know, and feel it.

*128*2020-08-07 20:16

Chapter 55:

Sarah had never been so grateful to be in a dark theatre, though for extra privacy she pulled her coat over her legs to cover the fact Will’s hand was pushing down on her skirt between her legs. Unfortunately the skirt wasn’t as loose fitting as Sarah would have liked so even with Will pushing between her legs he still wasn’t quite able to push deep enough to really touch her crotch and have much effect, unlike the fact that Will had thinner, and Sarah recalled much lighter in colour, smart trousers on and Sarah was able to feel the entire outline of Will’s penis. The other advantage she had was the ability to stroke Will enough to help ease his desire to pee by turning him on. Will didn’t seem to be objecting to this fact at all.

The volume of liquid Will had consumed since last emptying his bladder was getting too much for him. Whilst having a full bladder did arouse him and was often the precursor to many private sessions in the privacy of his own home he was finding it very difficult to feel any sexual desire from his need due to the knowledge he was so close to strangers and in a public place. He felt Sarah pull her coat over his hand and arm to conceal what he was doing to her but he just didn’t feel he could move to offer the same privacy to Sarah. Her hand over his penis was the only thing stopping him bursting and he was too afraid of moving and causing a scene with a huge flood. Besides Sarah had a magic way when she touched him and he could feel his penis responding despite his bladders attempts to overrule it. Watching the film was pretty futile now but he continued to try, at least to pretend to the others around him that nothing out of the ordinary was going on.

Sarah couldn’t help but bounce her leg even though this meant bouncing off of Will’s arm and once again restricting him getting to the very place she needed his hand. Her pussy was wet and open and screaming for release. The tingling and almost prodding sensation was so strong Sarah wasn’t sure wether she would suddenly erupt in the next minute or so. All she knew was she really needed to think about finding a bathroom and soon. She learned towards Will as she faced the film screen as if nothing was amiss.

‘Will, I’m bursting.’

‘I know. Me too babe.’

Sarah paused, hoping Will might have suggested trying to get out and find the lavatories but instead he rose his hand to feel Sarah’s distended hard bladder and rub it gently. As he did so he suddenly moved his legs as Sarah’s hand felt his willy become a bit harder and more prominent. She’d felt him much harder before but he was clearly enjoying knowing how bursting Sarah really was. Only a few hours ago Sarah had been acutely aware that her public desperation in the pub next door had turned Will on like crazy. She couldn’t resist running her fingers gently along the outline of Will’s apparatus whilst simultaneously squeezing her own thighs tightly closed.

Sarah slid her other hand behind her back and unclipped and unzipped her skirt enough to allow her waistband to loosen. As privately as she could she then let go of Will’s trousers and with her coat still covering herself she pulled her skirt up so that her underwear was touching the seat through her thin tights, and had the coat not covered her, everyone would have seen her skirt hitched up around her waist. Sarah decided she would worry about going out when the time came but for now she needed to do everything in her power to prevent herself having a full on accident. Now with access to her crotch more available she slid one of Will’s hands right under the coat, down the front of her skirt, between her shaven tights covered legs and tight against the crotch of her flesh tights and pants. The more she felt Will’s touch the more she wanted to give him full access to her body, wherever he wanted.

Will was super excited to get better access to Sarah’s crotch as his penis twitched in delight. The twitch wasn’t just from sexual need though as Will could feel his bladder overspilling into his urethra and, despite Sarah’s hand gently touching him, he had to grab the top of his apparatus and pinch it.

He leaned towards Sarah and whispered:

‘I’m dying to piss honey,’

‘Me too sweetheart.’

Will could feel every wiggle, every throb that Sarah was making. Her body was throbbing, pushing, vibrating and lapping against his hand. Will wanted to feel it stronger, deeper, wetter. He closed his eyes and imagined his penis inside Sarah as she writhed in desperation and moaned in need. How he longed to fuck her in this state and have her orgasm and leak warm piss over his throbbing hard penis while they made love. His toes curled, is tongue licked his lips and ,forgetting for a moment where he was, he moaned with pleasure. He could feel his dick pushing strongly against his trousers yearning for freedom to both piss and ejaculate. Will could feel liquid rising to the very tip of his penis as he grabbed it and then pulled Sarah’s hand to feel the damp patch created.

Sarah’s own body was so aroused, so longing, so desperate. Her high heel shoes were tapping rhythmically against the carpet of the theatre as she slipped her shoes off and pushed her feet against the chair in front as she pushed her crotch back against the chair as much as she could then slid forward again rocking back and forth. Will could feel wetness on his hand even through her nylon thin tights and knickers. He dared to press a little harder with his entire hand as Sarah pushed against him even more.

Panting and a bit out of breath Sarah whispered to Will again.

‘I can’t wait much longer.’

‘Me neither.’

Suddenly Will had a large spasm from his bladder as he leaned forward bouncing both legs like crazy stroking his penis for all he was worth. There was no way on earth his body could keep its contents of urine inside any longer. He was about to have his second wetting of the night in a public building and the thought made tears run down his cheeks. He shook and bounced and squirmed for all he was worth before grabbing Sarah’s arm and speaking in her ear.

‘It’s about to shoot out. I need to go now!’

‘I know. Me too.’

Will let go of Sarah, needing both hands to prevent himself pissing as Sarah quickly used both hands to refasten her skirt and slip her shoes back on at the same time. She grabbed her coat from over her knee, standing up and straightening her skirt quickly. They had to get out of the row, the theatre, and to toilets immediately, but with at least ten people either side of them in a constricted row of seats neither of them knew if they would make it.

Meanwhile the movie carried on as if everything was perfectly fine.

*131*2020-08-08 10:08

Chapter 56:

Will was slightly nearer the end of the row from Sarah, though they were right in the middle and the entire row was full of people. Will so wanted to scream to everyone to get out of his way before he wet himself but he just couldn’t. Standing up his bladder felt so solid, heavy and sore. It was stretched so much and his muscles were sore and tired as he had already held his bladder way too long earlier in the day. This wasn’t how his first proper date with his girlfriend was supposed to end, far from it. He’d already had a huge accident in front of Sarah just hours previously and he sure didn’t want another one. It was all he could do to apologise quietly as strangers stood up or squeezed in to let him past. It must have been blatantly obvious why he wanted out so urgently as he held his coat on one arm and held his dick tightly with the other. Why were some people taking ages to move to let him past? He felt a small spurt escape before he even made it to the end of the row.

Sarah was so turned on watching Will struggle, though her own bladder hurt so much from holding. At least she could just about make it to the end of the row without having to hold herself, though as she passed the final person she had to bend forward and cross her legs very tightly. Will was hobbling down the stairs in front of her now so she tried to hurry to catch him up as he walked through the short tunnel towards the doors marked ‘exit’. She’d long forgotten what the film was about by now as the voices from the screen became slightly quieter as she headed out to the main corridor. Will was slightly in front of her, though he seemed to suddenly stop as the corridor bustled with noise and people. Sarah was frantically searching for the toilets, perhaps that’s what Will was doing too and why he had paused? She caught up with him, unable to stand still as she danced beside him while he crouched forward with both hands between his legs.

Will knew he was in trouble. Why he had thought tan trousers would be good to wear he would never know. He didn’t dare remove his hands as he knew without a doubt that his crotch would be noticeably wet already. He was in pain and so embarrassed at acting like a child in public. As Sarah joined him, very noticeably bursting too he could only apologise.

‘I’m sorry Sarah. It’s really bad.’

‘It’s ok. I think there must be toilets along here. Come on. I need to go now Will. I’m absolutely desperate!’

‘Sarah, please please drive me home. It’s too busy honey. Please.’

Sarah knew Will couldn’t pee with so many around. She’d experienced his situation first hand and it wasn’t an option to sneak into a disabled toilet together in such a busy environment. Despite the fact she honestly knew she would not make it to Will’s without wetting herself she knew Will needed her assistance so bad. Grabbing herself between the legs, as undignified and embarrassing as it was, she pulled Will gently by the arm and headed through the very busy reception area out into the cold, wet, dark car park.

It took a moment for Sarah’s eyes to adjust to the change of light and she paused as the cinema door closed behind her and the noise eased. She quickly scanned for her car and pulled a bent, struggling Will with her.

Sarah had parked by a back area looking into the back of the restaurant they had eaten in earlier. In front of the car were some decorative bushes separating one car park from the other. Although out of eye shot from anyone at the cinema and restaurant they could both be seen clearly from anyone in either car park. Sarah clinked the button on her fob to unlock the doors but as Will approached the back of the car he suddenly froze.

‘Sarah, I can’t hold it. I can’t.’

Sarah pulled Will between the cars as she watched his face tense in panic.

Will knew he was losing it. His boxers had soaked up as much as they could and his hands could feel his trousers were definitely getting wet, though so far thankfully only from small spurts. He’d paused at the back of the car as another painful wave hit him hard sending another spurt out his tired penis. He wasn’t going to make it home but he was too ashamed to piss himself a second time in Sarah’s car. He couldn’t do that to her, he just couldn’t.

Sarah pulled him between the cars and close to the little bushes but Will knew the shrubbery was too low to offer any privacy. Before he could do anything to stop her Sarah had loosened his trousers, unzipped his fly and was pushing his shoulders down.

‘Crouch down Will. Copy me. My pants can’t hold any more. I need to do this.’

At that Sarah spread her legs, hunched her skirt up and crouched down in front of her car as close to the hedge as she could. Will spread his legs, bent his knees and crouched down too, facing the back of the restaurant with his back to Sarah’s car, still holding his penis as tight as he could.

Will stared at Sarah wide eyed. She still had her tights and underwear on. Could she really be about to pee through them out in the open? If he hadn’t been holding his piss for dear life he would have been exploding with something else. How he had longed to see a woman do this for years.

Sarah shuffled as close to Will as she could before removing his hands and gently fishing out his member. As they crouched right beside each other in front of a bush barely up to their knees with their backs protected by the front of Sarah’s car, their knees bend, legs spread, Sarah was the only one talking and instructing them both.

‘Will you hold my skirt up while i hold your penis. Think about the ladies at my work, think about McDonald’s, think about Starbucks, think about us pissing together in jugs at mine, think about us peeing together on your toilet...think about relaxing, getting relief, letting go of all this pressure.’

Will could hear hissing. It was magical, beautiful, incredibly sexual. Sarah was exploding warm pee from between her legs fast and loudly and furiously through her pants and nylon tights and onto the car park and bush in front of them. His penis was twitching with need, unable to grow due to the sheer volume of piss inside it but not fully flacid either. He never wanted Sarah to ever let his penis go. He closed his eyes, treasuring the sound of Sarah’s wee while his own body gave in to the relentless and incredible pressure from his bladder as suddenly he felt an explosion of warm urine run right down the inside of his member and splash loudly on the tarmac. Sarah responded by lifting and guiding his penis towards the bush as urine thundered out of him causing his legs to shake.

‘Oh my God Will I can’t stop.’

‘Me neither.’

Will thought he would be pissing for the rest of the night. Sarah felt the same as her body relaxed and moaned from the ecstasy of finally getting to go. Her skirt managing to stay dry but her pee was puddling between her high heeled shoes. She was loving holding and guiding Will and feeling the force of his urine as it ran down his penis. She’d secretly longed for a moment like this all her adult life. She might have soaked knickers and tights but she knew fucking Will later would make up for that and so much more besides.

Thanks to Will’s earlier wetting she already had plenty towels in her car to protect her seats. It was almost as if it was all planned by some higher being.

They could always watch the film on Netflix when it came out anyway. Right now that was the last thing on their minds though.

*135*2020-08-09 10:27

Chapter 57:

The force of Will’s pee finally subsided and the incredible sensation of Sarah’s hands on his penis caused his penis to grow and swell even though they were both in the open air. In fact Will was sure the fact they were in the open air was causing his erection to be even bigger than usual. Combined with the fact he had not only dreamed of having a beautiful woman hold and guide him while he pissed (and this was the second time Sarah had fulfilled this desire) but that one of his ultimate sexual fantasies was a sexy well dressed woman taking an emergency pee outside through her tights and knickers.

It was like Sarah could read the very depths of his mind at times and now his bladder was finally empty he found himself very desperate for something else. Sarah finally let him go but not without stroking the length of him a few times making him want her one hundred times more. It wasn’t easy to tuck a penis in while bend down on your knees anyway but Will found it impossible to tuck his long, thick, erect penis into his tan trousers without standing more upright. He had to act quickly to prevent anyone seeing, a fact that only heightened his desire even more.

Sarah couldn’t help but giggle. When life events caused any sort of huge emotional response, especially of a joyful, ecstatic nature, her first instinctive response always seemed to be laughter. The absurdity of what they had both just done tickled Sarah so much. It also turned her on enormously and she had never wanted to make love to Will more than she did right now. Had her car not been parked in such a busy car park he would have been enticed and taken by her on the back seat. She was as desperate for Will as she had just been a few minutes ago to pee. She could tell from what she saw and felt that Will obviously felt the same.

Will loved the sound of Sarah’s laughter. It brought him joy, peace and a sense of warmth he couldn’t fully explain. He couldn’t stop smiling as Sarah unlocked the doors of the car and leaned over to get the towels that had previously sat on the front passenger seat where Will had had an accident earlier that night.

Will helped straighten the towels for Sarah though he couldn’t resist keeping his hand on top of the towels a bit longer than he needed to so he could feel Sarah’s wet bottom through her tights as she hitched her skirt up to put her wet bum on her seat.

‘Will, emmm, do you mind if I head to mine first and get freshened up before dropping you home?’

Will was in such a quandary. On one hand he wanted Sarah comfortable and happy but on the other he wanted to sleep with her so badly exactly as she was...wet and very sexy. His body wanted to say one thing but his mind another. Social appropriateness wasn’t his strong point, in fact it was often his biggest weakness, but he could potentially miss out on an opportunity he might never get again. Besides he was ready to blow his load right this minute anyway so, as embarrassed as he was, he decided to be truthful with Sarah.

‘Sarah, I need to be truthful with you darling. What you just did there was one of the sexiest,most alluring, things I have ever experienced. So much so that even without, you know, stroking myself, I am so so close to, well...Sarah I have never wanted to fuck you more than I do right this minute. So yes, of course, we can go to yours but, as long as you want to that is, please can I have you urgently? I’m emmmm struggling to hold back just sitting beside you honey.’

In the darkness of the car with just the dull light of a streetlight a short distance away casting shadows over them both, Will once again unfastened his fly to demonstrate to Sarah just how aroused he was.

Sarah wasn’t expecting the intimate honesty of her new boyfriend though he was only expressing what her body was telling her too. Will may have been aroused and turned on by her peeing like that but she could not deny the effect that having soaking warm knickers and tights was doing to herself too . She’d never admitted to anyone before how such an unusual thing caused her body to alight with passion and desire. As hard as it was to trust someone with something so intimate she felt Will not only needed to hear this but that he could be trusted with it.

Sarah let Will’s words hang as she built up the courage to reply. Her actions did say a great deal though as she responded to Will’s penis by lightly stroking it and caressing it with her fingers.

Finally she felt ready.

‘Will I want nothing more right now than the same as you. You look and feel very desperate. I can assure you I am every bit as desperate for you. Can you hold off just ten minutes until we get to mine?’

Sarah didn’t wait for an answer as in reality she herself was struggling with the thought of ten minutes drive. She was more than ready for sexual climax and ten minutes felt like an eternity to hold off. She started the engine and clipped on her seatbelt, put the car in reverse gear and headed to her house.

Something came over Will after Sarah responded. It was like he was possessed by some sexual prowess and he wasn’t sure he could hold back for a full ten minutes. Had he not been pissing when Sarah had peed through her tights and knickers he knew he would have actually cum just watching her. He fastened his seat belt and tried hiding his penis back inside his trousers as Sarah drove, though he couldn’t help stroking himself through his trousers. Maybe it was the beer from earlier helping him lose his inhibitions or wether it was just the fact Sarah took him places sexually that drove him wild with desire? Whatever it was he found himself softly moaning and talking much freer that ever.

‘Oh my God Sarah. What a night baby. You wonder why I am struggling to hold back? From seeing you in the car when I first got back from work. That passionate kissing we had when I wet myself from absolute desperation. Doing that in front of you and your response. Oh God, you touching my dick through my wet trousers. Shoot that made me want you! The way you accepted what happened and cleaned up and showed me so much kindness. That touched me and turned me on again. The restaurant stuff with me teasing you and telling you all about me bursting at work while all the time I knew you were almost wetting yourself you needed to pee that bad; That was awesome babe. I was so longing for you. You know that? Then watching you sitting at the table opposite me squirming and crossed legged in desperation. Fuck did that drove me nuts baby! I was so fucking hard my heart was beating that fast.

Then watching you struggle to get the waitress’s attention. God I nearly came then and there. Seeing your eyes light up and the relief on your face when you returned. Sarah you make me so so fucking horny babe. Sorry for swearing it’s just when I get like...you know...so eager..I just struggle for words. I mean if we had stopped after the meal I could have happily fucked you but no you teased me even more through a long film where I got to watch you bounce about again in desperation and sit next to you when you held yourself in public and then you go and fucking whisper in my ear that you are bursting for a pee. 

It’s like you press every one of my buttons a million times over. Then when I need you to help me because I’m dying to piss you find the sexiest, most incredible way to help me piss and then hit fucking bullseye by pissing yourself like that. You are an absolute legend Sarah Henderson and emmm...I’m like a minute from exploding here babe. Shit, Sarah, pre-cum is oozing out me as I speak.’

Sarah moaned as Will’s speech sent shivers right through her. Everything he spoke about had been every bit as arousing for her. It was true that they had edged each other right to this point for hours. Their date more like hours of foreplay in public driving them both to the very edge of a sexual cliff that both had to fall from together incredibly soon as both of them were now hanging on and slipping fast. Sarah’s body was so turned on she found herself moaning and grinding into the driver’s seat as she drove.

As she indicated to pull into her street Will had one hand on the seatbelt clip ready to release and the other pressing over his wet crotch trying valiantly to hold off exploding until he had Sarah. He’d been waiting for this moment all evening.

So had Sarah.

*137*2020-08-09 20:39

{{5 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Oh boy!!!!!! Another cliffhanger... I was going to release my own load but having read that the lovebirds are going to wait for some more time, I too am going to wait. Why do I smell a new artwork around the corner...;-)

}}

I would LOVE more drawings if this inspires you! I can’t wait to see them.

*138*2020-08-10 10:27

Chapter 58:

Will began stripping his clothes off as Sarah unlocked the front door such was his absolute urgency to be with Sarah. As the door closed his top half was already naked and his shirt and pullover both on the floor. Before they even landed he was undoing his trousers and pulling them down, all the while helping Sarah get her coat, shoes, blouse and skirt off too.

‘Sarah please please don’t take off your tights and knickers babe. I really want to do that.’

‘Mmmm. Sure.’

Will yanked his boxers down as his long erect penis sprung up to face Sarah. Standing on the pile of discarded clothes Will reached over to undo Sarah’s bra and then he turned her gently to face him as he removed her bra, kissing and sucking her nipples whilst rubbing his penis against the wetness of Sarah’s crotch. He then gently and carefully pulled down Sarah’s tights tying them around his penis as Sarah looked on and laughed.

‘You really like me peeing my clothes don’t you Will?

‘Mmmmmm’

‘Well tomorrow why don’t we go shopping for some clothes and I’ll get desperate and pee in whatever you want.’

‘Mmmmm. Yes. Yes. Yes.’

Will could feel his body edge closer and closer to climax but he really wanted to fulfil Sarah and not leave her feeling empty so he gently placed his hand between Sarah’s legs, over her wet knickers and stroked her.

‘Oh Will. Don’t stop’

Will continued stroking and caressing Sarah through her soaked pants as he felt her body push and rock against his hand. The only items of clothing either had on were Sarah’s urine soaked undergarments with Will’s penis tied with Sarah’s wet nylon tights with his hand stroking Sarah’s wet knickers whilst still on her. Still just inside the front door Will gently pressed Sarah’s back against the wall as his mouth kissed her deeply while his hand continued to stroke her, his own penis shaking and pulsing with desire.

‘Will, I’m almost there.’

Will had never taken a woman standing up before. He’d never felt wet nylon tights around his dick and he’d never watched a woman crouch in the open and pee herself like Sarah had. His body was doing the leading now and he was beyond the point of stopping. He was loving every moment.

Will pulled Sarah’s pants down as he looked in awe at her body as her vagina throbbed and shook with longing, mucus dripping from her lips. He imagined how it looked dripping and pouring with pee and just that very thought sent a huge wave of desire through him that he tossed away the tights and entered Sarah as he held her in his arms. It was natural, needed and perfect as their lips met both in their mouths as they did between their legs. Will had no sooner entered than he thrust gently as Sarah’s body swallowed him as she gave herself fully to him. By the second thrust both of them felt utterly fulfilled and complete. Will felt his body fire quickly but thoroughly as Sarah’s body welcomed everything he had gladly.

Will ran his hands through Sarah’s hair enjoying the after glow of sex with the most beautiful girl in the world. Sarah stroked Will’s beard and smiled at him before stroking his blond curls with her fingers. Will was everything she ever dreamt a man could be and so much more besides.

‘Will you stay tonight? Please.’

Will struggled with changes of plans, he had his Saturday chores listed by the minute but his body and heart were not ready to leave Sarah and for the first time he felt he had found something, someone in fact, who was more important to him than his need for routine and sameness. The only thing he wanted from home right now was one of his beloved coffees.

‘If you make me a coffee I will.’

Will winked at Sarah to show he was only half joking, though he really could go a good coffee after that.

He watched as Sarah walked through her living room and through into her kitchen still naked as she filled the kettle to make tea and coffee. She was incredible in every way and he could never imagine a time when her naked body would not drive him wild.

He rummaged for his boxers and pulled them on as he headed for the kitchen to hug Sarah. She needed to know he cared for her much more than just lusting after her. He’d never felt so relaxed, so refreshed and alive as he did with Sarah.

It was late, almost midnight in fact, and after his coffee Will could not wait to sleep contentedly beside Sarah. He’d never forget his first date tonight, not ever.

*140*2020-08-11 20:28

Chapter 59:

Sarah made great coffee, Will thought. Sure it wasn’t the expensive elaborate ones he made at home but even her instant coffee was made to perfection. Or perhaps he was just feeling utterly satisfied and coffee was the perfect way to end his night? Whatever it was Will had never felt happier.

Sarah rounded up the clothes from the front door, and asked Will if he wanted his boxers washed. He took them off and handed them to her readily as she filled the washing machine and turned it on. If Will was staying at least he would have something clean to wear in the morning even if it was the same clothes he had worn the day before. She took her tea with her to the bedroom and smiled as Will followed. She could easily get used to having company in bed even if it was just for warmth and comfort.

Sarah slept so deeply the first she woke was her bladder bothering her at 8:30am. She sat up and looked over at Will as he lay sleeping still, an overwhelming feeling of affection coming over her that she wasn’t prepared for. She hardly knew this man in her bed, well comparatively speaking, yet she felt so connected, so at one with him. It really felt like her whole life had been building up to meeting him but she couldn’t tell Will this as he may not want, or even care, about hearing that.

As Sarah slipped out of bed quietly and used the toilet she worried, not for the first time, if her growing fondness for Will was something she needed to pull back from or embrace more. They were having so much fun, more than she’d ever had in her life before, but was she ready to go deeper? She really wasn’t sure, though just looking at the fact she had picked up a male shower gel from the supermarket a few days ago ‘just in case Will stays over again’ and the fact she had washed his clothes last night so he had clean clothing this morning told her her mind was already seeing things as longer term. Maybe she should speak to Will about it? She just needed to find the right time.

With Will still in the room she decided to have a quick shower and get dressed, choosing jeans and a plain long sleeved dark grey top that contrasted vividly against her naturally wavy auburn hair. It was only as she pulled her top on that Will finally awake properly.

‘Morning handsome! Fancy a coffee?’

‘Oh my word Sarah you look absolutely stunning. Wow. Yes a coffee would be lovely thanks.’

Will couldn’t believe his eyes as he woke up. It was like having an angel in the room seeing Sarah stand before him in jeans and a top, her gorgeous hair hanging wet against her top. His body responded quickly as he found himself yearning for Sarah the second he woke up.

‘I’ll run down and put the kettle on honey and stick the clothes in the dryer then I’ll dry my hair and get you that coffee. How does that sound?’

‘Amazing, thanks.’

Will couldn’t take his eyes off Sarah’s bottom as it wiggled sexily in her jeans as she left the room. He pulled the duvet aside to see and reach his penis as it sat there long and hard and ready for action. He couldn’t resist stroking and playing a little, longing for Sarah and aware he needed the loo a fair bit too. Playing and stroking was making his mind think back to last night especially Sarah peeing in public through her tights and knickers. That was a moment forever etched in his memory.

Sarah was back in minutes delighted to see Will still in the bed, even more delighted to see his member so perfect and ready. Sarah sat alongside Will as she leaned over to plug the hairdryer in deliberately letting her long wet hair fall all over Will’s erect penis and testicles. Will responded by wrapping her hair around his penis and stroking slightly, enjoying the feeling of wetness and the tingling of the hairs touching his body.

Sarah laughed and smiled as she tipped her head forward between Will’s legs and turned on the hairdryer, blowing warm air over her hair and right between Will’s legs. It certainly wasn’t how she usually dried her hair on a Saturday morning but then she never had the privilege of a naked handsome man in her bed. Will wasn’t complaining as the warm air, wet hair and odd touches from Sarah’s hands were sending waves of pleasure through him. If this was how his Saturday was starting he was sure it would be one to remember.

What happened next was something Will definitely wasn’t expecting though, as Sarah suddenly stopped drying her hair and rummaged in a cupboard coming back with a plastic bag which she put her hand into laughing.

‘Will, have you used the bathroom yet this morning by any chance? I just remembered your phone is downstairs where I found a spare charger and wondered if you needed it to...you know...look at your photograph?’

The mention of the bathroom sent a sudden wave from Will’s bladder.

‘No. And thanks for charging my phone. I do need it actually. I should probably get it right now.’

Just as Will sat more upright about to head downstairs for his phone Sarah pulled some handcuffs from her bag and quickly handcuffed Will’s wrists to the metal headboard of the bed.

‘Will. Let me help you. It’s ok. Trust me. Let me go get that coffee for you and we can talk. I promise to take care of you. You can hold on for a bit for me can’t you? I’ll even bring your phone up if you still want to see that picture?’

Before Will even had time to answer Sarah had handcuffed him securely to the bed where she left him with a full bladder while she went downstairs to make herself some tea and him some coffee.

*142*2020-08-12 09:27

Chapter 60:

Downstairs, alone, Sarah wondered for a moment if she was doing the right thing. She hadn’t planned this, a sudden impulsive thought had just come over her and her mind had listened and acted. She couldn’t stop thinking about Will, upstairs naked and handcuffed to the bed with a very full bladder as she put coffee in the mugs and waited for the kettle to boil. She occupied herself by filling the dryer with the wet clothes she had washed the night before, enjoying the sight of Will’s trousers and boxers and remembering all that had happened the night before. She’d never wanted a man more than she wanted Will right now.

Sarah put Will’s mobile in her back jeans pocket and carried the mugs of hot drinks upstairs. She laughed as she saw Will now kneeling on the bed with both hands cuffed to the headboard. She hadn’t thought how he would drink his coffee without the use of his hands and this amused her. For a trained professional she was rather too impulsive for her own good at times.

‘You ok Will?’

‘Yip. All fine here. Well, except for the minor point of me needing a pee and not being able to go, but apart from that minor issue, I’m great thanks.’

Sarah smiled contentedly hearing the fun and jest in Will’s voice. Still she felt she needed to ask as she sat on the edge of the bed beside Will and enjoyed touching his body.

‘You ok about being handcuffed?’

‘Been a dream of mine for years. How did you know? Honestly, my only worry is pissing your bed. I don’t want to do that. But otherwise honey you do what you want. That coffee smells amazing by the way!’

Sarah stroked Will’s full bladder and leaned over to kiss him. She had stuff to do later today but right now she wanted nothing more than to watch as Will became more and more desperate to pee with her having full control over when he got to go.

Will loved the feel of Sarah’s hands on his bladder. She could touch him anywhere she liked at any time as far as he was concerned. Her hair fell over his chest and he could feel the dampness where she hadn’t finished drying it yet. Sarah’s hair mesmerised him; it’s colour, texture, smell and the way it tickled his skin. Sarah knew exactly how to manage him and he was happy to be under her control. The lure of the coffee was getting to him though.

‘Sarah, any chance I could have some of that coffee? I could so go a drink babe’

Sarah had been sipping her drink and touching Will from his feet to his beard all the while forgetting he couldn’t manage his own coffee without her help. She placed her own drink down and picked up Will’s coffee, holding it close to his lips and tipping the mug very slightly.

‘That ok?’

‘Mmmmm. Perfect. A little more please.’

Will loved his morning coffee. Every since his first ever cup aged 16 he had fallen in love with the golden nectar that was known as coffee beans. Of course, usually he had the liberty to wake up, shower and use the bathroom before enjoying it fully. Usually he had his hands free to drink it himself. Usually he wasn’t handcuffed to a beautiful woman’s bed either. He wasn’t complaining though.

Sarah continued to tip the mug slightly more each time until Will’s mug was empty. She was so excited to see how this might affect his bladder shortly. The last time he had pissed was outside the cinema last night, hunched down in front of her car in a car park with Sarah holding his penis. Sarah had long since had her first wee an hour ago now so she could only imagine how desperate Will might be getting soon.

‘So I hadn’t really planned this Will. I mean I just had a sudden crazy thought but you know what, seeing you like this has got me thinking: You know when we first met and you couldn’t pee anywhere except your own apartment and despite being absolutely desperate to go at my office you just couldn’t relax? Well you have came such a long way since then. I’m so proud of you.’

Sarah interrupted her monologue to kiss Will deeply for a minute or two. Will was so turned on and eager and his body responded accordingly. He longed to put his arms around Sarah but used his tongue and body to show that instead. Sarah pulled away slowly and carried on.

‘Remember I encouraged you to take a photograph of your toilet at home? I know that has helped you. You have even found the bathrooms at work after holding your bladder for three years there. Wow, that’s absolutely huge Will. You know that? We’ve talked about your trigger to your trauma and worked through that. I hope you know that I want to support you and help you. I was just thinking the next logical step is working on you trusting others with your bladder.

At school you were so badly let down that day. You didn’t trust the teacher to know that you hadn’t actually managed to relax enough to pee so you ended up wetting yourself. You have never asked anyone to use their bathroom since either have you? So I want to help you. You can practice asking me this morning to go. Learn to trust me. I won’t say yes right away honey, but that’s because I need you to try and trust me. Do you think you can do that? Can you trust me to know when you really genuinely can’t wait any longer? After all I don’t want my bed wet do I? This is a test for me too by the way. I need to stay tuned into you, stay observant, be able to read your body. I’m hoping I know you well enough for this so I don’t fail. If anything goes wrong it’s me to blame not you. What do you reckon?

Will found the constant stream of questioning a bit overwhelming really. He was trying to remember the first question he was meant to answer but all he could think about was firstly how much he suddenly needed to pee ,and secondly how sweet and compassionate Sarah was. Part of him could easily start peeing right now as his penis became less and less rigid and more prepared to release urine. Will wanted to please Sarah so badly though and he knew he did need to learn to trust her more. But could she really judge how desperate he was?

‘Mmmm. Sarah, please can I use your bathroom now?’

Sarah laughed. Not mockingly or nastily, but lovingly and sexily.

‘Soon sweetheart. You can hold for longer yet. Let’s keep talking. I’ve been wondering. Did you ever use the toilets in previous jobs?’

Will fidgeted the best he could given the restrictions of his cuffed hands. He did need the toilet pretty badly but Sarah was right, he could hold for a little bit yet. Besides it was nice to actually get time to talk to Sarah alone. He just hoped she would release him soon though as it wasn’t easy to think when his bladder was so full.

*144*2020-08-13 12:43

Chapter 61:

‘I’ve honestly never peed anywhere else other than in my own toilet since I was ten honey, before we met. Before I worked at software solutions I worked for another software company and they didn’t want to pay office prices so I worked from home. I was working for them when I bought my apartment. I’ve been almost 9 years in that apartment, would you believe. I bought it brand new. I was just 21 when I bought it and I had been working less than a year. I left home at 18 and rented first. Thankfully those where the days when getting a mortgage was much easier. Prior to that I was at open university studying computer science from home and worked part time at weekends. Before you ask I never used the toilets there either. After I left school at ten I was home educated and my parents paid for a tutor. Please could I em...pee now. I really need to babe.’

Sarah was enjoying hearing so much more about Will. He intrigued her on so many levels. Mostly she was enjoying him squirming about naked on the bed as his bladder filled more and more and his need for release continued to increase.

‘You’re ok just now Will. You’ll get to go soon. So you must have been desperate to pee loads since you only ever went at your parents or your own apartment. You know I think that shows absolutely amazing control. To be able to drink and go about your day and be absolutely unable to use a toilet away from home even when you really wanted to. You said before you never had any accidents either. That’s heroic honey. But tell me, you must have had some really close calls? I mean even since we’ve met you’ve been very very close to losing it but it only happened once. I’m in awe of that. Tell me about some other times then I can let you go.’

The absolute last thing Will wanted to talk about was anything bathroom related. His bladder was hard and full, his penis twitching, his legs bouncing.

Will grimaced and bounced on his knees longing for release. His last piss felt like an eternity ago. He was secretly enjoying himself and horny as anything but his body refused to show it as all he could do was squirm like crazy to avoid leaking on Sarah’s bed.

‘Oh. Can I piss first babe? I’m bursting to go here. I promise to tell you about them after I use the toilet. Can I?’

Sarah rubbed her hand over Will’s distended bladder and squeezed his penis closed.

‘Does that help babe?’

‘Mmmm. But I still need to go so bad.’

‘You’re ok Will. You hold all day at work. All day! That’s over 8 hours. You held all day with your tutor at home as a teenager and if you go out. Remember the day you held all day at work then came to me for counselling and you still didn’t wet yourself? You’re fine Will, honestly. So how about you tell me about a time you really had to go and I’ll help you hold? Deal?’

‘Mmmmm. Ok. Maybe get a towel though?’

‘You’re not that desperate babe. Honestly I can tell. If I think you need one I’ll get one. Now if you really want to use my bathroom then I suggest you tell me that story.’

Sarah had never been forceful with anyone. Truthfully if Will hadn’t been smiling and winking at her she would probably have released him ages ago. She could not deny though that seeing him like this and hearing him beg for the bathroom was one of the hottest things she had ever seen. The hormones flowing through her were making her hot so she slipped her dark grey top off to reveal a sexy pink lacy bra. Will’s eyes almost popped out of his head.

‘Mmmmm’

‘So was it in your current job? Or on your weekend job? Or before that when you had the tutor at home? Your call Will.’

‘You’re making it hard to think honey. Besides I really really need the loo. Ok. How about this time. I was about 11 or 12 and out of school. At first when I refused to go back there was loads of people pressuring my mum. She then turned that onto me. Then my dad would lecture me and so on, but I stood my ground. I couldn’t ever face that school again. I knew I would get bullied and I think deep down my parents did too. I think they must have found out what happened eventually but after my mum trying to teach me, which was a disaster, because my mum can’t ever cope without her career, she at least told me one day that I had saved her hundreds on child minder fees. God Sarah, can I pee yet?’

‘Nope. Keep going.’

Sarah undid her bra and caressed her nipples between her fingers, licking her fingers and rubbing her nipples until they enlarged and grew right in front of Will.

‘Ohhhhh. Ahhhhhh. Oft I really have to piss bad babe. Yeah where was I? So yeah I wasn’t your typical pre-teen or anything. I wanted to learn and signed myself up for online stuff. Once they saw I was serious my dad paid for a tutor. Oh man I can’t get comfortable. Anyway the tutor came for six hours a day. I refused to piss if anyone was in the house other than my parents. Oh I was so glad they were not social people. Sarah, can I go? I’m really desperate.’

Sarah could see Will was squirming badly and struggling to concentrate. His coffee would easily have made its way to his bladder now so she kissed Will on the lips and leaned behind the headboard with the key ready to open it.

Then she stood on the bed, her bottom in Will’s face as she pulled off her jeans and tossed them on the floor and returned to sitting on the bed close to Will, now with just pink lace knickers and her socks on and having not undone the handcuffs at all!

&&

*146*2020-08-13 21:54

{{4 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

I think...I can only express my excitement to read your stories through my humble artwork...

}}

Wow that’s amazing! Couldn’t love it more!

*148*2020-08-14 22:47

Chapter 62:

‘Keep going Will. I’m enjoying this very much. So you had a tutor coming six hours a day and you couldn’t pee when they were in? So sounds like that must have been rather interesting. Carry on. You have my full attention. Do I have yours?’

Will wished with every fibre of his being that he could get hard. He was horny, very horny, and seeing Sarah sitting beside him with just her knickers and socks on was the stuff of his dreams but oh he ached to empty his bladder so badly. Without the ability to hold his penis holding back was so much harder, but in some ways so much fun too. Will controlled everything in his life and handing control of a basic bodily need to anyone was something he never dreamt he would be able to do. He put his legs out in front of himself and sat back with his legs tightly crossed using his thighs to squeeze his throbbing manhood. He figured the sooner he ended his story the sooner Sarah might release him. It was his only chance.

‘Yes. Yes exactly that babe. The tutor did get a lunch break but that was spent playing games,, talking and eating and I could never admit I wanted a break for the bathroom. By 4pm I was often shaking with an overwhelming urgent need to piss. So that’s it really. So can I go now? I mean you don’t want me wetting your bed and believe me it’s about to happen.’

Suddenly a wave of urgency came over Will and he leaned forward as best he could and pulled his knees up to his chest, his face tense and tight.

‘I can’t hold this. I can’t. Shit shit shit. It’s coming. I’m sorry.’

Sarah sat stroking herself through her knickers, acutely aware they were filling with mucus. She moved towards Will pulling her knickers off with one hand while grabbing and squeezing Will’s penis with the other.

‘Will, you’re ok. Trust me. If I think you’re at the end I’ll release you. Promise.’

Will grimaced and begged through clenched teeth.

‘Sarah, I beg you. I seriously can’t hold this any more. I don’t want to piss...I absolutely HAVE to fucking piss NOW. Please please please can I go? What do you want? Money? Sex? God you can even have the keys to my flat just LET ME PEE NOW’

Will was so consumed with holding back the ocean in his bladder he barely noticed Sarah playing frantically with herself, softly moaning as she watched and listened to Will.

‘I can’t stop...sorry I can’t stop Will. I’m so close it hurts babe. Oh dear I’m so close. So wickedly close.’

Will finally noticed what Sarah was doing but taking his mind off his own struggle, even for a fraction of a second, cause a spurt of hot pee to arc from his penis as urine ran down his inner thigh and leg.

‘And I can’t fucking stop either! Ohhhhh. Ahhhhhh. I can’t wet your bed. I can’t. Stop you stupid penis! Stop now! Sarah tell me you have protection? I...I.....can’t hold this. I’m losing it. I’m losing it. I’ve got to, i can’t not, it’s out of my control. I’m on the edge now. Ohhhhh. Mmmmmm. Ahhhhhhh. Fucking hell I just can’t....’

Sarah continued to satisfy herself with one hand while reaching over for her empty mug from her earlier tea as she pushed Will’s trembling leaking penis into the mug one handed, her other hand inside her knickers squelching away.

It took Will a second to realise what was happening as he allowed a spurt to pour into the mug, hearing it splatter against the sides as he heard Sarah moan as she shook, her body simultaneously on another cliff edge sexually while Will was on his physically. Will watched Sarah, allowing his concentration to wander to her body and her noises as a loud steady stream released right as Sarah took herself to her own climax shaking the bed as she did so.

It took every ounce of self control Will possessed to stop midstream as he felt the mug overflow as warm urine reached half way up his shaft. He had no choice but to pull Sarah out of her post climax status urgently.

‘Sarah, I’ve still got more. The mug is full. Help.’

Sarah pulled her hand out of her underwear, her fingers covered in stretchy mucus as they pulled away. She carefully put the full mug of warm piss on the table beside her bed then ran around to Will’s side where she picked up his empty coffee mug and using her wet mucus covered hand she stroked Will’s penis gently with one hand while she held the mug with the other.

Will needed no encouragement to release the rest of his full bladder as he sighed contently, finally allowing his body what it had been craving so long. As one need subsided another arose though, as Will’s body began yearning for release of another kind. Still padlocked to the headboard, that too rested solely in the hands of someone else.

Only Sarah could give him what he wanted and needed so badly.

*149*2020-08-15 11:24

Chapter 63:

With the mugs of urine safely on the bedside unit Sarah kissed Will intensely with him still padlocked to the bed. She only broke away when she heard her phone ring and she leaned over to see it was her mum’s nursing home.

‘Sorry Will I need to take this.’

Sarah clicked ‘answer’ and put the phone to her ear whilst simultaneously unlocking the padlocks on Wills’s wrists. Will could see Sarah was busy so despite being very aroused he headed for a shower hoping his clothes from yesterday would finally be dry by the time he came out.

Will so longed to play with himself in the shower. He could easily bring himself off after all that had just happened but whatever Sarah was now talking about, or whoever to, had clearly changed the atmosphere and even Will realised that it was time to get on with the day and think about heading home. Suddenly his stress levels increased as he caught sight of the bathroom clock and saw that it was almost 11:30am and he hadn’t even had breakfast or even started his Saturday list of chores he did every Saturday religiously. Will’s nerves were so high he never even noticed that Sarah had bought male shower gel for him. He washed and dried quickly and ran downstairs and fetched his clothes from the dryer, putting them on still warm.

Sarah always hated hearing from the home. She was an only child and her dad had left when she was a teenager leaving her alone with her older mum. It had broken her to have to admit defeat when a social worker suggested a nursing home for her mum only two years ago but Sarah knew it was this very decision that had enabled her to sustain her own business. She was still recovering financially from years of caring for her mum. Her extreme happiness and fun from moments ago was now replaced by tears as the home expressed growing concerns about her mum’s alertness and awareness as she had once again called her regular carer by Sarah’s name rather than Patsy. The last thing Sarah wanted was for Will to know any of this so she hoped to take him home as soon as possible before heading immediately to her mum’s nursing home.

Will found himself downstairs alone, anxious, worried about Sarah, but suddenly feeling very helpless and vulnerable. His own phone was upstairs and he didn’t want to disturb Sarah to get it and call a taxi and he didn’t feel it right to leave without at least saying goodbye to Sarah. He decided the best thing he could do was make her a mug of tea. He filled the kettle and turned it on just as Sarah came into the kitchen, dressed but having clearly been crying.

‘Hi, Sorry hope you don’t mind. I put the kettle on to make you some tea. I thought you might want one?’

Sarah pulled a tissue from a small box that sat on a ledge near the windowsill and wiped her face.

‘Yes thanks. I should really eat soon too as I’m afraid I need to drop you home soon as I need to go out.’

‘Sarah I can call a taxi. Honestly. I’ll just go get my phone now.’

Will bounded up the stairs two at a time and came back with his phone in seconds.

‘I’ll just google a number then I’ll get away.’

Sarah ran over and took the phone out of Will’s hand and cuddled in as she sobbed.

‘Please don’t go yet Will.’

‘Oh. Of course if you don’t want me to. Let’s make that tea. It always helped my mum when she was sick...’

Will had no idea what he had said but he immediately wished he could take it back. He hated how he couldn’t read people sometimes. He’d stick to making the tea. He could surely get that right?

Over a mug of tea, and coffee for Will, Sarah told Will how her mother was in a nursing home and how she needed to go see her as she was slowly losing her memory and staff were concerned. She just needed to get a quick lunch then she would drop Will at his and head to the home.

Will felt so uncomfortable seeing Sarah upset. She was always the confident, bold one against his extreme anxiety but the tables were turned and Will paused and thought before coming up with a ‘let me fix this’ plan, as he always did at work.

‘Sarah I don’t like you sad. I’m worried. Can I take you for a quick lunch, say McDonald’s, and then be with you when you see your mum? That’s if you want me to? I could wait in the car if you prefer? I just want to help.’

Sarah knew how hard this was for Will. She thought about his chore list he had for Saturdays and how last weekend he proudly showed her it. She knew giving up his precious routine and even suggesting going somewhere new was huge for him. She knew how much he would find McDonald’s on a weekend lunch time incredibly difficult, yet here he was suggesting all these things just to try and make her happy again. Sarah finished her tea and kissed Will on the cheek.

‘Thank you. I would really like that. A lot.’

Will gathered his stuff together and waited for Sarah as she quickly grabbed her phone, hand bag and coat. As they sat in the car and belted up Sarah thoughtfully suggested the drive through and Will noticeably relaxed.

Less than ten minutes later they were in the queue where the both ordered a large meal and Sarah added on two bottles of water, telling Will as they sat in the car park eating that the home was always much warmer than an average house and they would need water to stay hydrated. Between a mouthful of fries Will asked quietly,

‘So do you want me to come in?’

‘I was thinking if you feel up to it yes?’

‘I think I can do this.’

As she finished the last of her large sprite Sarah simply replied.

‘Thank you.’

&&

&&

&&

