Needing Neta

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-03-09 12:31

Needing Neta

Neta loved community nursing. and had been diligently doing the job for many years. Today was just another day at work as she finished her weetbix, drank her mug of tea, and headed out to her company car.

She drove the short journey to her base community hospital and parked in her usual spot, only then noticing something unusual with one of her tyres. Once in the office Neta mentioned to a colleague whilst they had a quick cuppa before setting out on their rounds. Kane put his coat on and walked Neta to the car park with his coffee in hand.

‘Looks like a nail to me. You’d better call head office and see what they suggest. I’m guessing they’ll need that tyre changed pronto.’

‘I’ll go phone then just now. They should be open now it’s gone 8:30. Thanks. Have a good shift!’

So Neta headed back inside and called head office who, as predicted, instructed Neta to take the car to the nearest branch of Speedy Repairs where they had a company account. They would reschedule someone else to do her visits meantime and once back on the road she could call back in and they’d let her know what clients to go to then.

Keen to get back to work Neta drove the company car off to the nearest Speedy Repairs in the next town and walked to the counter. She explained about the nail and the company account and was told to sit and wait as the car was placed in a queue to be looked at.

Neta sat in the busy waiting room, conscious her body was touching the people either side of her and promising herself (for the hundredth time) that she really must join that weight watchers group. She looked around the open room looking at the cars on every ramp and men in overalls changing tyres and exhausts as efficiently as she changed dressings and removed stitches. She wondered if something practical like this would be more suitable for her teenage son who wasn’t doing as well at school as she’d hoped he would.

Half an hour passed and her company car still sat where she had parked it on arrival. She checked her work mobile phone and text Kane to let him know she was at the garage after all and hoped his shift wasn’t as boring as hers was. He didn’t reply but then she expected that as he was probably in someone’s house working.

Neta read every poster in the waiting room as she people watched professionals on laptops working away, parents of young children struggling to entertain them, an older couple half dozing watching the small Tv in the corner and the doors on either side opening and closing non stop as workers in overalls answered phones and dealt with customers. Neta felt a niggle from her bladder as a woman in her thirties placed a cup under a water dispenser and filled it with cold water. The waiting room was so busy though that the thought of getting up to pee then having to stand for hours waiting without a seat didn’t appeal at all, so she ignored it and turned to see if her car was still were she left it.

Sadly it was.

The clock seemed to be stuck and time moving so slowly but finally by 9:55, over an hour after arriving, Neta heard the familiar sound of her car engine and turned to see a young man reversing her car into a free ramp area. Neta watched on as he called a colleague over and they chatted about her tyre and walked around her car.

A minute later one of them entered the desk area and shouted out her car registration. Neta stood and made her way over to the desk, gravity pushing her heavy bladder down and making her realise she should pee pretty soon.

‘It’s definitely needing replaced mam. Your rear offside tyre is also below the recommended tread too so we recommend that’s replaced too.’

Neta subtly crossed her legs lightly as she took this news on board.

‘So do I inform head office or you? It’s been years since I’ve dealt with this and not sure how it works?’

‘No worries mam. We’ll call your head office and as soon as we get approval we’ll get this sorted today for you. I’ll just call them now. If you just wait a moment in case they need any employee details from you that would be great.’

Neta wanted to say ‘could I just use the ladies first’ but somehow before she could even open her mouth the man was dialling the phone. Neta moved from one foot to the other, suddenly much more aware of a strong tingling and pressure between her upper thighs. She looked around for toilets as she heard the phone ringing at head office. They seemed to be taking forever to answer and Neta hoped they wouldn’t take long to agree the repair. For some strange reason her body had went from hardly being aware of her bladder to feeling it pounding for release very quickly.

Finally the phone answered and Neta bounced every so slightly on her heels as she heard the type repair employee give details of her company car, the tyre sizes and prices and the reason for the repair. Neta’s mind was racing not just because she hated speaking to head office but because she had finally seen a small sign for customer toilets which had sent her bladder into overdrive wanting release. She crossed her legs again trying to hide the fact she would much prefer to be in the ladies than waiting to speak on the phone, but none the less remained professional when the receiver was passed over and she told the manager her employee details to confirm she had the authority to be using the company car.

Neta handed the phone back to the staff member as he nodded his head after a brief conversation then hung up the phone.

‘Great. All agreed. Now let me just check if we have these tyres in stock mam.’

Neta hoped this wouldn’t take long. The sign for the toilets was taunting her now and she was rubbing her thighs together as discreetly as she could.

Some clicks of a computer later and a sigh from the staff member and Neta was about to ask if she could ‘just nip to the loo for a minute’ when she suddenly lost her confidence as another car registration was called out and a man in a suit walked up to the desk standing right beside Neta. Thrown off track somewhat Neta took a moment to register what the staff member was saying to her when he apologised and said they had none of her tyres in stock but they would be delivered within the next hour if she would kindly wait.

Neta sighed quietly but nodded and said ‘no problem’ before nervously walking away from the desk and heading in the direction of the bathrooms.

Neta opened the first door to see a small corridor with three more doors marked ‘gents’, ‘ladies’ and ‘disabled.’ Away from anyone else she moved much more now, dancing with anticipation as she pulled the handle of the ladies to push it open.

The door wouldn’t open.

She tried again.

And again.

Bursting ,she tried the disabled toilet.

It was locked too.

Shaking she even tried the gents, but alas it was locked too.

Neta grabbed herself and bent forward, hoping no-one would open the door to the corridor. She needed to ask for the keys and had to get composed before she did so. That was easier said than done with a full bladder though!

She eventually pulled the door open and walked back to the desk where the gentleman who had been standing beside her earlier was now alone with a man in his twenties in an overall serving him. Neta bit her lip while she waited a step of two behind the man, lightly moving from foot to foot tightening her muscles to keep her bladder at bay. The employee was on the phone again, then on the computer and then talking with the customer. Neta couldn’t remain still and raised one leg behind her then lowered it then raised the other. She needed the key to the bathrooms urgently!

Five minutes passes and Neta was sweating. She was jiggling her legs around and it was getting more and more obvious she had to pee. She took a deep breathe and interrupted the employee.

‘Excuse me. Sorry to interrupt, but is there a key I could have to the toilets please?’

Started, the employee broke from his conversation with the male customer and turned to a key box behind the counter where he seemed to search for a set of keys.

‘Are you sure they are not open mam? I’ll need to find the manager if they are still closed. They keys are not sitting here where they should be.’

Neta knew her face was red but despite the embarrassment she felt the pressure in her bladder was screaming at her more and she wanted to scream. Instead she calmly replied:

‘They are definitely locked. I can see you are busy but if you could get the keys I would really appreciate it. Thanks.’

What Neta didn’t expect was the reaction of the male customer in front who hadn’t appreciated being interrupted.

‘With all due respect madam, I have been waiting over an hour to be served already and I have urgent meetings to attend. Please wait your turn like everyone else. Do you think because you work in public service that that entitled you to preferential service? It’s my taxes paying you so just want until I am finished ok!’

Neta wanted to yell back in his face but not only was he taller than she was by quite some way and clearly angry but she had interrupted his conversation and she already had a major internal battle of her own taking up all her energy too. She stepped back, bending forwards slightly and looked away, struggling to remain composed and in control. She just wanted to use the bathroom and only needed a key. She muttered in frustration ‘I just really need a pee.’

Her frustrated mutter once again caught the attention of the businessman in front who continued his transaction paying for his service and as he waited for his receipt he turned and looked down at Neta as she stood crosses legged and biting her lips:

‘I don’t really care if you need the toilet or not. You wait your turn like everyone else.’

Then he turned and walked to his car and drove off leaving a waiting room full of people looking in Neta’s direction, all now very aware of her struggle.

Neta wanted the floor to swallow her up. The company employee looked a little embarrassed himself and quietly apologised before saying quietly ‘I’ll go see if I can find those keys for you. Sorry to have kept you waiting.’

Neta tried waiting at the desk, her hand leaning on it as her leg tapped rhythmically. But when another urge hit hard she found herself really struggling as she moaned and giggled in desperation. ‘God this is ridiculous. They supply coffee and water and tea but don’t even unlock the bloody toilets. I’ve been here well over an hour now. Come on!’

Through the doors Neta watched as the young man who had just spoken to her was speaking to someone else. He seemed to check his pockets then pointed to another man again. Meanwhile all eyes were on Neta in her navy nurses uniform and flat black shoes, an older, overweight woman acting like a young child because she really needed to use the restroom.

Neta gripped the counter and tightened every muscle as another urge hit. ‘There was bursting and then there was bursting’, she thought. Today she was definitely BURSTING!

Finally the young man came back with a set of keys and Neta walked briskly behind him as she headed to the corridor with the toilets in.

‘So sorry about this man. Dave usually unlocks these first thing but he must have got distracted this morning. I don’t usually do this so hopefully I can work out which key is which.’

Now in the corridor away from praying eyes (apart from the young male employee who was looking at the keys and facing the door to the ladies) Neta marched on the spot as she leaned back against the wall and grabbed herself between the legs.

‘Sorry for interrupting you earlier. I’ve been here ages and waiting until I was bursting then the doors were locked and oh God I so need to pee it’s not even funny. This is so embarrassing!’

Neta watched in frustration as the first key went in but didn’t turn. She bent forward and held herself tighter willing herself to hold another minute longer.

‘Oh my God I’m nearly pissing myself here! This is just so embarrassing.’

‘I’m so sorry mam. I’m going as quick as I can.’

A second key went into the lock and this time it turned. As the door opened Neta ran in pushing last the employee dropping her handbag at his feet which prevented him closing the door.

Neta grabbed at her navy nurses skirt, scrunching it up quickly and pulling at her underwear and flesh tights as pushed open the first cubicle with her bum and squatted hovering over the pan, the cubicle door wide open as light yellow liquid squirted with force out of between Neta’s legs into her pants and tights before Neta could fully pull them down enough.

With the key still in the door and Neta’s hand bag on the floor right in front of him the young employee found himself gapping mouthed as he stood frozen to the spot, his hand on the key waiting to pull it out and his feet weighted by Neta’s bag, as a large beautiful lady peed an ocean right in front of his eyes.

As Neta continued peeing hard and fast she yanked at her tights and knickers to pull them finally away and as her eyes raised she drew eyes with the employee who stood right in front of her just feet away gaping in shock at what he was seeing.

‘I....I couldn’t wait. So....sorry’

Embarrassed by his own reaction the young man finally turned away, pulling the key out the lock and bend down to pick up Neta’s bag from his feet whilst the splashing of Neta’s long pee echoed throughout the room. Without realising what he was doing the man took a step back and allowed the door to close to give Neta privacy before suddenly realising he was stood there in the ladies instead of outside in the corridor!

‘Oh madam! I am so sorry about this. I’ll just go right now. I...em....I forgot the door shut this way..and er....’

Neta laughed as urine still poured out her at force, splashing loudly in the toilet.

‘It’s ok. You couldn’t check on the other cubicle could you? There isn’t any toilet paper left in this one and I’m going to need some in a second. Thanks!’

Trying his best not to look at her, yet utterly transfixed at the same time, the young employee pushed open the adjacent cubicle and pulled out a handful of toilet paper, amazed at how little was in that cubicle too. He handed it to Neta, who was still stood hovered over the toilet, her wet pants and tights glistening with pee and drips still falling from between her legs. Assuming she was finally finished the young man walked out the cubicle and pushed the door over as another loud bush could be heard again.

‘God I needed that soooo much. What a relief!’

The man slid Neta’s handbag with his feet over towards the sink then slipped out of the ladies and headed back to the front desk unlocking the gents and disabled toilets on his way. He needed to concentrate on work because his heart was racing and his own work overalls felt incredibly tight somehow in his own crotch area especially.

As he headed to the desk a driver arrived for him to sign a delivery. He signed and walked out to the van and unloaded the tyres and exhaust parts smiling as he did.

The next he saw Neta was when he called her car registration some half hour or so later to say her new types had been fitted and she was good to go. There was something about the way she looked at him and the spark in her eye as he handed her her keys. His heart was still pounding and another part of him was too.

As soon As Neta left he watched as she drove away before slipping to the bathroom himself. He’d held off for half an hour but if he didn’t get relief now he was afraid he might burst in his boiler suit. He needed to use a cubicle for once and that just heightened his memory from earlier too.

*003*2020-03-09 14:33

{{38 minutes ago, wannawatch said:

That's it ! I'm definitely going to work in a garage !!?

Seriously though:an amazing story once again ! Thank you for writing this .

}}

I might just need some new tired myself...thanks for the compliments too

