The Potions Master and his Little Overachiever

Author: MissCliveden

*011*2018-10-01 20:05

Chapter 4: A Step Too Far

The following morning at precisely eight 'o' clock, Hermione entered the potions masters office. She found that he was already sat patiently waiting for her behind his desk.

"Good morning professor" Hermione said.

"Good morning Miss Granger" he replied.

"How has your morning been?" He inquired politely.

Hermione cleared her throat slightly before replying.

"Fine thanks" she replied awkwardly.

"Did you follow my instructions?" He asked her.

She nodded.

Severus noticed that something was slightly off.

"Anything to add Miss Granger?" He asked.

She shook her head and chewed on her lip, a telltale sign of nervousness.

"Did you disobey my instructions?" He asked her.

"No!" She exclaimed.

Severus looked confused for a moment.

"Tell me" he demanded calmly.

Hermione sighed and began her tale.

"I normally go to the library first thing in the morning, so my normal waking routine of an average day is waking up and getting up about five thirty, spending some time in the library and then going to breakfast and classes and so on and so forth" she said.

Severus raised his eyebrow, he was still confused.

"And? So, what?" He asked her.

"I woke up at half-past five like I normally would do on an average day" she said.

"And?" He asked, still not following.

"I really needed to pee when I woke up this morning, like I normally do" she said.

The pieces finally fell into place, Severus grinned.

"You woke up at half-past five needing desperately to piss and you then remembered my instructions" he chuckled lightly.

Hermione nodded.

"You had to wait until at least half seven before you could piss" Severus stated gleefully.

Hermione nodded miserably.

"And were you a good girl? Did you hold it all in for the whole two hours?" He asked her, his voice lowering significantly.

Hermione had a slight flashback to only a couple of hours prior...where she had been laying on her bed in the girl's dormitory, squirming quite significantly as she tried to massage her womanhood in a bid to hold back the desperate flood.

"Just about...I leaked a little bit towards the end though. It was just a few drops though, then I was finally able to use the toilet" she confirmed.

Severus chuckled lightly.

"I will view that memory at a later date Miss Granger" he said to her.

Her eyes widened at the thought.

'Oh gods! How embarrassing!' She thought to herself.

"Now, moving on, do you want to hear about what's going to happen today? I intend to test your limits just for my own knowledge" He said to her.

She nodded, she was a little nervous but a little excited at the same time.

"There are three rules for today: 1. No asking for permission to piss - I will know when you are in need and will choose when you are allowed relief. 2. No holding with your hands - I've noticed this is something you do and frankly it's quite childish, I want to see how strong your muscles are alone. 3. No accidents - if you piss yourself, without my permission, there will be punishment. You will also drink everything I give to you - but you already know this" Severus said to her.

She nodded in understanding, feeling even more nervous now but was, like always, prepared to take on a challenge.

.

.

.

.

After Severus had given Hermione her 'detention tasks' for the day, he sat at his desk to begin the long brewing process for the werewolf. It was Lupin's time of the month again and the howling beast was going to come out and play soon.

Severus prepared the first stages of the complex wolfsbane potion, whilst also keeping an eye on his new muse, who was currently alphabetising his whole potions stores.

That would take her a good few hours, and Severus made sure that she kept herself hydrated, all that alphabetising was certainly thirsty work.

To her credit, Hermione was following Severus' every rule. She accepted the various drinks that were offered to her every half hour or so and continued with her task.

Severus knew that she would already be able to feel her bladder slowly filling, and he was thrilled at the idea.

Hermione was too.

Only three hours in and she could feel her bladder filling up and she was enjoying it, she liked the anticipation of not being in control of her own body. She literally had no clue what was going to happen. All she had been instructed was to hold until Severus said otherwise.

She was also a bit worried, she knew Severus could easily deny her permission to go, even if he was aware that she had reached the point of no return.

"Another glass of water for you Miss Granger" she heard him say from the other room. She sighed as she made her way down the store room ladder to go and drink another damned glass of liquid.

As she drunk the offered glass, she quickly realised that this was the glass that would be 'one too many'.

Severus tried to hide his grin as he realised the same thing she had, now the games would begin.

Hermione walked back into the potions store room, feeling her bladder start to balloon. She reckoned that her only saving grace today would be for the fact that she wore elasticated waist leggings.

She got back to work and a couple of minutes later she was joined by her potions Professor.

"Yes professor?" She asked expectantly.

"Nothing Miss Granger, I am here merely because I need to evaluate some of the ingredients before I consider allowing them to be used by students. I'm going to plan the whole of my next weeks classes. It's a lot easier when the ingredients are in alphabetical order you see" he said.

'Thestral shit' Hermione thought to herself as she resisted the urge to squirm. She was going to hold for as long as physically possible.

Severus watched her from the corner of his eye and was slightly impressed by her restraint. He could see that her stomach looked a little bloated but he knew that the bulge protruding from her midsection meant something else entirely. Her back teeth must have been floating by now, his cock twitched in anticipation. Severus tried to focus on his work. She wasn't giving away anything but Severus knew it wouldn't be long now before the cracks began to show.

He was right, he waited a long 45 minutes but finally, she fidgeted. A few minutes after the initial fidget, there was a quiet whimper.

Severus waited until she had settled back down as the urge to piss passed for the moment.

"Come and have a seat Miss Granger, you have been at this for hours and you need a break" Severus stated as he waltzed out of the store room.

Once inside the classroom, Severus sat at his desk and gestured to the seat next to him for her to sit down in. She sat and Severus pulled out a stack of papers to mark.

"What would you like me to do Professor?" She queried a little breathlessly.

"Just sit there quietly Miss Granger and relax for a while" he said.

Severus wanted her to just sit there, with nothing to do so that her mind would most likely focus on her need to piss.

"Alright" she responded as she did as she was told.

Severus nodded at her and pretended to return his attention back to his marking.

Only minutes later, he noticed his student casually cross one leg over the other. Severus also noticed the slight flush in her cheeks and the fact that she was lightly chewing on her lip.

Next, he noticed the changes to her breathing. She was breathing much more quickly and heavily, as though she had been light jogging.

After that, she finally moaned out loud.

Severus took the opportunity.

"You're having quite the problem there Miss Granger" he stated as Hermione looked at him desperately, sweat starting to form at her hairline.

"Please..." she begged.

"Please, what?" Severus asked her, curious about her response.

She opened her mouth, about to reply, when she remembered rule number 1. No asking permission to piss.

Hermione almost cried at the realisation that her professor had probably been aware of her need for quite some time now and was purposefully testing her. She could now feel all the liquids she had consumed forming in her bladder and she was definitely desperate. She shook her head at him.

Severus' eyebrow shot up, again impressed that she seemed to remember the rules in her state of desperation.

"Good girl Miss Granger, you are doing well" he reassured her gleefully.

She groaned as she started to rock her hips, grinding herself into her chair to relieve some of the pressure.

"Tut, tut Miss Granger...none of that" he said to her.

Hermione willed herself to stop but she could feel herself slowly losing it now that she had nothing to focus on but her desperation.

"Oh dear, it looks like you could use a distraction. Follow me" he said and gave no room for argument as he led her into his office.

She followed quickly, every step she took vibrated her bladder, she could feel her muscles getting tired.

"Take a seat Miss Granger, you can help me to mark some more of these essays" he told her.

She bit her lip in frustration and carefully sat down, trying to find an angle that would not strain her bladder.

Severus noticed and smirked at her.

She glared back. That was until she was alerted to a sudden pulse from her bladder as it told her that it wanted emptying.

She gasped and immediately placed a hand on her womanhood to combat the urge.

She was so distracted that she did not notice her Professor come and stand at her side, and immediately yank her hand away from herself.

"Will I have to tie your hands behind your back?" He asked angrily as she had just broken rule number 2.

She looked up in shock and the momentary lapse in concentration caused her to lose a small spurt in surprise.

She gasped and looked down, as a small but noticeable wet spot, the size of a penny, appeared on her light grey leggings.

Severus noticed and was not impressed.

"Have you just broken rules number 2 and 3 Miss Granger?" He asked her, his voice right with concealed anger.

"I - I...oh god" she muttered as she tried to shift her legs to make her feel in control once more.

Severus watched the display with disapproval. In order to stop her from wiggling her legs, he grabbed both of her knees, forced them apart and held them in place.

"Professor...I can't" her whole body was shaking, as she released another spurt, she was in absolute agony. Her bladder was in so much pain, she started to involuntarily tear up.

"You can and you will Miss Granger" he stated back.

"It hurts...it hurts so much!" She exclaimed, as a small, hesitant stream began to release without her consent

"I...I can't-" she whimpered.

Severus could see how much pain she was genuinely in and felt slightly guilty, he should have stopped this a while ago.

Still holding onto her knees, he watched as the material at her crotch started to get slowly darker, he could see that she was still trying to hold back the flood.

"Miss Granger, piss yourself, piss yourself like a child" he commanded.

His command came at the same time her body forced her to release.

She let go and a spectacular gush of urine vacated her body. Her leggings were soaked within seconds and she could hear her piss as it hit the carpeted floor below.

"Uh...uh" she moaned at the sheer relief she was getting.

Severus was still holding her knees apart as he felt the fabric immediately soak beneath his hands and as he watch her water cascade onto the floor below.

Hermione threw her head back as her entire body relaxed and collapsed fully back into the chair. She was also extremely aware of her professor's hands on her knees. The thought thrilled her.

"You're ruining my carpet Miss Granger" he stated, although he really didn't care.

"I don't care" she moaned incoherently.

Severus raised an eyebrow at her response as he watched her stream still going strong.

He was almost worried, he didn't realise that she had this much liquid stored inside her bladder. Being new to this, he knew she had probably hurt herself by pushing her too far.

He sighed, he had a potion for her at least, that would mean she wouldn't experience any pain and repair any damage she may have done to herself.

Finally, after what seemed like forever, her stream finally weakened and she was able to think clearly again.

She eventually gathered the strength to look down at the mess she made. Her leggings were completely saturated from crotch to ankle, she could feel piss inside her shoes and she was blown away by the massive puddle that was on the chair and dripping down to the even larger puddle below.

She breathed out as her stream finally came to a complete stop, the only thing that remained now was the sharp pains she was feeling in her stomach. She placed a hand on her stomach and winced.

"Are you alright?" Severus asked her.

She looked up, almost forgetting that he had been there the entire time and nodded at him.

He held out a potion to her and instructed her to drink it. She followed his orders and downed the potion without question. Within a couple of minutes, she could feel the pain in her stomach ebbing away into nothingness.

Now all she felt was the cold, she was sat in sopping wet clothes, in a puddle of her cooling piss, in the middle of the freezing cold dungeons. Her teeth started chattering.

Severus noticed the sudden change and cast a cleaning charm to clean up her mess, to make her a little more comfortable.

"You were foolish today" Severus stated.

Hermione looked up at him in question.

"Never push yourself that hard again, you can really damage yourself like that" he said, sounding almost concerned.

She gulped but nodded. She knew she had gone too far today.

"I know I am setting you challenges for this but if you can't meet the challenge then don't force yourself too. You will build up resistance the more you practice but if you push yourself too far, you will damage yourself and this will end just as quickly as it has begun. Understand?" He said rhetorically.

Again she nodded.

"You did well today though, although you did break my rules. You will have to be punished, but we will give you a few days to recover first. I don't want you breaking just yet" he told her.

"I'm sorry" she replied.

"Don't apologise to me, its your body" he said.

There was a moments silence when neither one knew what to do next.

"Perhaps we shall end today's session for now. Look out for my owl, we might do something different next time" he told her.

She smiled at him and said goodbye as she collected her things. As she walked back to the common room, she felt utterly relieved and exhausted. She loved it.

*015*2019-02-07 21:18

Chapter Five - Forbidden Forest Trouble

A few days later, Severus and Hermione both agreed that she had a clean bill of health to carry on with their experiments.

Hermione had been shocked by how much Professor Snape had apologised for their previous session. She did not feel as though it was his fault, she was an overachiever who had been set a challenge. She had wanted to push herself beyond his expectations, just to prove that she was more capable than her Professor believed.

Only now, when she looked back on it, did she realise how foolish that had been. She should have said something sooner, she knew that her Professor was no monster and didn't want to hurt her.

Equally, Severus had felt guilty that he had pushed her to the point of pain. He therefore set up a traffic light system for her, which he made perfectly clear that she would have to follow it. The system was simple.

Green - Everything's fine

Amber - situation is getting bad but can still cope

Red - Stop

They agreed that Severus would ask Hermione for her opinion of the situation frequently during a sessions progression and Hermione promised that she would answer honestly and never force herself to go to far.

Once the system was established. The pair got back to the session at hand.

"So what shall we do this evening?" Severus mused rhetorically.

Hermione waited on tenterhooks as he pretended to deliberate over their evening 'detention'.

"You can start by drinking this" he said as he indicated to a large cup of dandelion tea.

Hermione, who enjoyed a dandelion tea once in a while, happily drank it all down. She knew that dandelion tea always went through her body quickly, which is why she didn't drink it very often.

"Good, now we need to go and get some potions ingredients" Severus said, as he put on his outdoor robes.

Hermione grabbed her cloak and put it on, it was late autumn in Scotland after all, and she knew that it would be freezing outside. As they ascended from the dungeons and headed out into the already dark, chilly night, Hermione couldn't help but shiver. The biting north wind was not making it any easier.

"What are we looking for?" Hermione finally asked once she had got used to the sudden cold temperature.

"A mushroom of sorts" Severus replied.

"Do you know where we need to go to get it?" She asked.

Severus nodded.

"Near to the Black Lake" he responded.

Hermione paused for a moment.

"But that's miles away!" She exclaimed, horrified at the thought of being out in the cold for such a long time.

"I know, but tonight is the perfect night to collect them" Severus replied.

Hermione, the natural swot that she was, was intrigued.

"Why tonight? Does it have something to do with the moon cycle?" She asked.

"No, it's to do with the temperature. While it is cold tonight, the air is clear, and there is no dampness to the air but as the mushrooms grow by the Black Lake, they are naturally moistened. This means that the potency of the ingredient is at its strongest" he explained as they travelled deeper into the forest.

Hermione nodded as she took in the information. That information was useful in regards to her studies. As her overachieving mind reeled, the pair got closer and closer to their destination.

It wasn't until the rushing water of the Black Lake sounded, that Hermione noticed a slight pressure in her abdomen. She cursed silently, they couldn't have been out of the castle for more than an hour. However, when Hermione considered the large dandelion tea and the freezing cold temperature, she wondered how long it would take for the feeling to worsen.

"Right, let's get to it then Miss Granger" Severus stated and shook Hermione out of her thoughts.

She stared blankly at him in confusion.

"We need to dig up the mushrooms Miss Granger, we cannot use magic or we risk damaging the mycelium and the volva. This task must be done as delicately as possible" Severus stated, as he transfigured two trowels and handed one to his student.

Hermione took the trowel and bent down so that she could start digging up the watery soil.

Severus began the task himself, and kept one eye on his student as he did so. He knew she would be subtly feeling the effects of that tea she drank earlier. He secretly grinned to himself.

Hermione quickly became immersed in her task, she would never forgive herself for ruining perfectly useful potions ingredients. However, the longer the pair worked, the colder it became.

About an hour into their work, Hermione was shivering from the cold. She looked at her work and was dismayed to see that she had only managed to dig up about four mushrooms in an hour. However, when she looked at her professor's pile, he didn't seem to have that much more collected than she did.

"You're cold" Severus stated suddenly.

Hermione turned to her Professor and nodded.

"Sorry" she said.

Severus dismissed her apologies and stood up. He pointed to a log nearby and told her to sit.

She sat and watched as her Professor produced a large flask from his cloak pocket.

"Drink" he ordered her.

She knew it wasn't a suggestion and hesitantly took the flask. Severus noticed her hesitation.

"Yes, Miss Granger?" He asked expectantly.

"How much longer do you think we will be out here Professor?" She asked.

Severus grinned.

"Longer than you would like Miss Granger, now drink" he replied.

She drank every last drop of dandelion tea. Severus took another flask from his pocket and drank his dandelion tea.

"Now back to work" he said.

Hermione winced as she stood, she was screwed.

A while later, Severus noticed the change in his students breathing. He watched her for a moment and noticed just how tense her body had become. He decided that they had enough mushroom ingredients and collected them up. He was also entertained by the thought of his student walking back to the school with a full bladder.

"Ready to go back Miss Granger?" He asked.

Hermione nodded eagerly and headed back towards the forest in the direction of the school. Severus chuckled as he followed her.

Hermione knew that she was in trouble as soon as she started walking. As the pair clambered through the forest and Hermione had to climb over various sized logs and tree stumps, the exercise was proving stressful on her bladder. The climbing over logs was forcing her to keep her legs apart when all she wanted to do was keep them jammed together.

She needed to take her mind off things and quick. She was about to say something, when she glanced at her Professor. She noticed that he was a little tense.

"Why are you so tense?" She blurted immediately. The forest had always unnerved her, and it was even more unnerving to see her Professor so tense.

Severus grunted in response. Hermione huffed.

"Well?" She asked firmly, she wanted an answer.

"I should imagine that I am experiencing the same discomfort as you" he stated, seemingly uncomfortable at his own admission.

In reality, Severus' heart was hammering in his chest. He had also been feeling the need to urinate for quite a few hours now, as he had not used the facilities since he woke that morning. The amount of coffees, waters and dandelion teas had caught up to his own bladder. His iron bladder twitched and he resisted the urge to move his hand in for a quick, tight squeeze to ease the sensation.

Hermione also marvelled at her professors statement. She was excited to see her potions Professor desperate. She knew he had to be if he had just openly admitted it to her. She wanted to test his endurance further however, she couldn't fight her own urges anymore.

That second dandelion tea had gone straight to her filling bladder and she could feel the pulsing in her lower abdomen getting stronger with every step.

At one point, she had to stop as she crossed her legs and doubled over in an effort to stop a dribble of pee escaping into her knickers.

"Oh!" She exclaimed as she did so.

"What?" Severus asked, his concentration slipping for a second.

"I-, I've just leaked a little" she said, looking at him with worried eyes.

Severus' reminder of his student's plight only reminded him how much he wished he could just whip himself out and piss like a racehorse against a tree. Had his student not been in close proximity, that is exactly what he would have done by now. He felt his urine slowly starting to travel to the tip of his piss slit. He looked back at his student as he quickly squeezed himself.

His student wasn't fairing much better, she was shaking and using her hands to hold herself. She was squirming, and putting on quite the show.

At the sight of how much of a struggle his student was in, he hardened in his trousers, making it impossible to pee even if his life depended on it. It actually hurt. However, he knew this reprieve wouldn't last long, he was far too desperate.

"Miss Granger, your colour please?" He asked her in a somewhat strained voice.

"Amber" she quickly muttered back. Trying to focus on not allowing the contents of her bladder out.

"Come here" he ordered her.

She took a deep breath and shuffled over to him.

Severus indicated to a log that was next to them.

"I want you to sit on this log, legs either side of it and do not think about holding yourself like a child" he commanded.

She nodded and quickly straddled the log, her desperation increased immediately. She began to squirm on the log trying to create some friction between her legs to help her hold on.

Severus watched, aroused by her actions. She was humping a log!

"Move your cloak out of the way Miss Granger, I'm going to allow you a partial release" he told her.

She looked eager to release, if only a little bit of her flood. She moved her cloak out of the way.

"You will have twenty seconds only and I will watch as you piss yourself through your jeans. Do you understand?" He asked.

Hermione closed her eyes and whimpered as she nodded in anticipation of release. Drops were already leaking into her knickers and she prayed they hadn't made a spot on her jeans yet.

"Ready? Twenty seconds starts....now!" Severus stated as he watched intently.

She immediately began gushing into her jeans, immediately soaking the crotch and her legs. She could hear the splatter of her liquid as it ran down the sides of the log and hit the forest floor below. She moaned in sheer bliss.

As soon as he heard the liquid splattering in the ground next to his feet, his control slipped. He was shocked as he let out a rather large, 3 second leak, into his underwear, completely uncontrolled. He held himself tightly to stop the leak and focused back on the task at hand.

"Ten seconds left Granger" Severus said to her.

'No!' She thought in horror. How could she possibly stop peeing when it felt this good?!

"Five...Four...you'd better stop Granger...Two...One...Stop!" Severus stated calmly.

Hermione clenched her muscles tightly and managed to stop peeing in time, although her bladder protested at her decision.

"Now get down! We will continue back to the castle" Severus said in a strained voice as he heard her get down from the log and observe the mess she had made.

She turned to follow her Professor and shifted uncomfortably in her rapidly cooling and wet jeans.

The partial release had helped and Hermione felt confident that she would make it the rest of the way to the school. However, her uncomfortably damp clothes made her feel slightly embarrassed. At least she would have the cloak to cover up her mini accident.

.

.

.

As the pair continued back to the school, Hermione couldn't help but notice that her potions Professor looked a little bit tense. She wondered if he was still hard from her partial release back in the woods, but she wasn't sure.

She frowned at him. He noticed.

"What?" He snapped lightly. She had clearly broken his concentration from whatever thoughts he was having.

"You seem a little uncomfortable" Hermione stated, she was curious about his response.

"Just tired" he dismissed. Hermione just thought he seemed vague.

Hermione was about to question him further, when she noticed a shadowy outline in the distance. She immediately recognised who it was.

"Alright 'Ermione!" Hagrid exclaimed, his booming voice shattering the quiet and still forest.

To Hermione's surprise, her potions Professor jumped at the sudden sound and promptly lost his footing in some tree roots and fell, with a very inelegant and undignified thud.

Hermione immediately recast her fading lumos charm as she turned to assist her fallen Professor. She noticed that he had his hand wrapped tightly around his cock, through his slacks.

She had forgotten his desperation but now she understood why he was uncomfortable. She also noticed the galleon sized wet patch that had just appeared on the front of his trousers, and he was clearly struggling to get things back under control.

'Merlin! Severus Snape is losing control' she thought to herself.

Completely oblivious to the potions professors plight, Hagrid asked what Hermione was doing and she explained about how she had a detention with the potions Professor.

Hagrid glanced at the potions Professor, who was now steadily standing, and politely bid the pair goodnight. Hagrid knew not to cross the potions Professor on a detention night.

"In control now?" She asked Severus once Hagrid was out of earshot.

"No" Severus stated in complete desperation.

Hermione noticed a slight bead of sweat on her potion professor's forehead.

"I'm going to have to release, please excuse me a moment Miss Granger" he said as he turned towards a tree trunk.

"Oh I don't think so" Hermione stated calmly.

Severus looked at her incredulously.

"What!" He exclaimed.

"You're going to hold it until we are back in your classroom" she said.

Severus looked at her in pure shock and desperation, with his hands on his cock, so close to relief. He was shaking. But he wanted to play the game.

"I won't make it" he warned her.

"You will, or I get to call the shots for awhile" Hermione said as she turned in the direction of the castle.

Severus slowly walked after her, his hands never leaving his crotch the entire way.

*019*2019-05-25 12:56

Chapter Six: Leaky Lake

Severus Snape dribbled with each step that he took, he could have pissed already if he had wanted to but, he liked the game too much.

His hand was still firmly wrapped around his cock, through his slacks, but it was slowly becoming a failing option.

As the still desperate Hermione, and the already pissing professor, got closer to the dungeons, the harder it was to hold on. The temperature was dropping quickly.

Severus needed a distraction, and fast, so he thought back to how he had managed to become this desperate in this particular corridors.

.

.

.

He had only pissed once that day, and that had been first thing in the morning after he woke. The day that followed was exhausting and would prove to be a challenge for his bladder.

He had gone to breakfast, and had consumed his usual two morning coffees, before heading for his first class.

The first three classes of the day had past without incident. However the fourth class, the one before lunch time, a student had accidentally added the dragon scales a little too early, creating a loud explosion, a filthy classroom and several burn wounds.

Severus then spent his lunch break dealing with all this and spent the last class of the day in the hospital wing treating the students’ burn wounds.

It was around this time that Severus had felt the first small twinge in his iron bladder. He knew he should have taken the opportunity to use the loo but instead, headed for the staff meeting with Dumbledore.

Having consumed a further three cups of tea, out of sheer boredom, during the staff meeting, Severus’ right knee was slightly jiggling by the end of the meeting.

“Now off to the Great Hall for dinner” Dumbledore had announced. All staff were expected to be present at dinner.

Throughout dinner, the jiggling got worse and Severus felt a slight sweat start to form. He would make it back to his rooms, he just had to hold out a little longer.

However, he had forgotten about Hermione going to him that evening and so he decided to hold on to use the facilities. It could make the evening entertaining...

.

.

.

As Severus and Hermione finally made it back to his office, Severus was seriously starting to regret his earlier decisions. He stumbled over the password, before finally getting it right and gaining entry to his rooms.

For the first time in a while, Severus looked over at his student, to see how she was fairing. She wasn’t.

She had her hand down her unbuttoned trousers, and was holding herself quite intensely. Severus’ cock wanted to harden at the sight...but he was far too desperate for that to happen. The attempt his member made at hardening, was actually more painful at anything else.

He noticed his student let out a steady breath. Then she spoke.

“Remove your hand” she stated clearly.

Was she insane?

Severus knew that his muscles were too tired to hold alone. His grip had been the only thing stopping him from a full blown wetting.

“I can’t” he stuttered.

“You can, and you will” she replied.

Severus took a steady breath himself, and he slowly let go of himself. He could feel the droplets forming at the head of his dick already.

“Take off your cloak, and unbutton your trousers” she commanded next.

Severus, very carefully, did as she asked. He took particulate care as he unbuttoned his trousers. He didn’t want to accidentally put pressure on his overwhelmed bladder.

“Take your trousers off” she said.

Severus tried to push his trousers over his hips, without bending at the waist. He managed to get his trousers to glide down his legs and bunch at his ankles. He lifted one leg, but almost lost balance as he tried to get his foot out of the leg hole.

The momentary stumble caused him to lose concentration for a second.

He started leaking.

He tensed to stop the flow.

He succeeded.

Then he leaked again.

Severus immediately moved his hand back to his leaking cock to stem the flow.

“Uh oh” Hermione said disappointedly as she watched him slowly start to lose control.

She tried not to think about it, watching him lose control made her want to lose control. She squeezed herself for assurance that she would watch him lose control first.

“I can’t help it” he snapped back, still dribbling little drops from his tip.

He was at his limit.

Hermione could see this as she watched his underwear slowly get more damp. The wet patch slowly spreading.

“Have I said you could piss?” She asked.

Severus said nothing, he was concentrating far too much.

He then did something he had never thought of doing in front of a student before. He stroked his dick, trying to get it to harden. It wouldn’t.

Hermione could see his plight and acted quickly. She grabbed seven small, empty, potions sample bottles that the students used in class.

“You have permission to fill these...but that’s it” she said.

She handed him the first one.

He had little choice, he took his leaking cock from his soaking underwear and let go in the small potions bottle. It filled far too quickly.

“Next” he said through gritted teeth.

She passed him the second bottle and watched as Severus took the second bottle and continued pissing as he transferred between the first and second.

“Next” he said frantically. He knew the bottles were filling far too quickly and the pressure in his bladder had hardly lessened.

He put the two full bottles down and grabbed the third. He pissed in that one, filling it too quickly again.

“I won’t be able to stop” he warned her as he grabbed the fourth.

“You will” she replied.

Severus just groaned at his release as he grabbed the fifth bottle she offered him.

He was shaking at the intensity of it all as he grabbed for the sixth bottle.

Knowing that he only had one bottle left, he braced himself to stop. As he quickly filled the seventh, and final, bottle, he then pinched the tip of his still pissing cock.

Piss spilled onto the floor as he tried to stop, but he was failing dramatically.

“Fuck! I can’t stop!” He exclaimed.

He was creating a puddle on the floor.

Hermione went over to him, and pressed his stomach.

“DON’T!” He shouted at her as he pissed forcefully on the floor.

“So full...” hermione whispered.

“Fuck!” Severus exclaimed as he lost all control and pissed a mini lake all over his precious floor.

His cheeks flushed red at the sheer relief.

He pissed himself dry right there, for a good couple of minutes.

Once empty, he looked down in horror as he took in the extent of the damage.

He then turned to look at his equally shocked student, still with her hands down her jeans, and her legs crossed desperately.

“Miss Granger, remove your hands” he requested.

*022*2019-10-20 09:17

Chapter Seven: Euphoria

Hermione shook her head.

“No way. It will be game over if I do” she said as she felt a leak break through her firm hold.

She gasped as her bottoms grew darker for the second time that evening.

Severus walked over to her. Relishing in the sound of his footsteps wading through his own personal lake.

He was hard now.

After such a monumental release, such as the one he had just had, his dick would automatically harden as his body would then crave a release of a different kind.

Severus hadn’t bothered to put his trousers back on after his release, and the tent in his boxers was extremely obvious as he walked towards his favourite leaking student.

He could see the desperation in her eyes as he knelt to the ground in front of her.

“P-please” she stammered as she lost another large leak, which extended the damp patch on her bottoms where Severus was eye level with.

He looked up at her and could see how distended her lower abdomen was and groaned slightly at the thought of all that liquid sloshing around inside of her.

Hermione heard his groan and looked down at him. The arousal in his cheeks, and the lust in his eyes, was unmistakable.

“I want to piss” she whimpered, another leak appearing.

He moaned in response, as his cock gave a painfully powerful throb at her statement.

“I’m going to remove your bottoms” he told her.

She nodded her consent and the potions master, very gently, began to pull her bottoms down towards her ankles.

She bit her lip, he was doing this torturously slow. She leaked again, but this time a tiny stream began trickling out of her, without her permission.

“No” she whimpered desperately, causing the potions master, who had finished pushing her bottoms to rest around her ankles, to look up and notice the small stream.

“Stop that now!” He ordered, although all he really wanted to do was catch the liquid on his fingers, and taste it.

Hermione forced her muscles to stem the stream but she knew she was at the end.

Severus did to.

“Remove your hands, and hold with muscle alone for one minute” he told her.

“I will fail” she told him.

“Remove your hands” he whispered.

She did as she was told and removed her hands. She began to leak instantly.

She went to place one of her hands back against her crotch, but Severus stopped her.

Instead, he placed one of his hands against her pee-hole and began massaging her clitoris.

Hermione moaned at the intense sensation. She wanted to piss but couldn’t whilst her potions master played with her sensitive bud. Her orgasm was quickly building.

Severus noticed the flush in her cheeks, and the change in her breathing, and knew that she was close to pleasure and an intense release. He quickened the pace, and the pressure, of his massaging fingers.

He could feel her wetness, both arousal and urine, seeping through her knickers and prepared for her intense orgasm.

Hermione saw white as her orgasm hit her like a train, and she screamed in pleasure and felt her legs give way.

Severus, prepared for this, manoeuvred himself so that he was lying down flat on the cold stone floor, just as Hermione’s knees gave out.

Severus guided her body to the ground and positioned her so that she was straddling him.

Hermione, lost to her own pleasure, hadn’t notice their current position as her orgasm ended and one final, painful, wave of desperation passed through her exhausted body and the floodgates opened.

She screamed at the release.

Severus heard her scream and knew what was coming. His cock still throbbing at the thought.

A second later, he felt her piss soak her knickers completely, and could feel how her pissed soaked through his boxers as well.

He groaned as he felt her hot urine run in massaging rivulets down his cock and he grabbed his students hips to support her as her back arched, lost to her release.

This meant that her hips were pushing her pissing crotch forcefully against his aching cock. His climax was imminent.

As the still pissing Hermione came back to her senses. She noticed the position she was in, and what was happening. She could see her potion masters face flushed with complete arousal, and knew that he was about to cum.

She watched for nearly a minute before she saw her potions master come undone beneath her, moaning something feral as he did so.

Severus came, still feeling those wonderfully hot rivulets around his cock, it was the most intense climax he had ever had.

After he finished climaxing, he noticed that Hermione was still pissing euphorically on him, the stream beginning to weaken as she finished her biggest piss so far.

He could feel her rapidly cooling piss underneath him as her ocean had saturated his boxers completely and slowly moved up his back, soaking the lower back of his shirt.

Hermione finally finished pissing, and had a moment to notice the euphoria on her professors face before she collapsed exhaustedly against his chest.
