The Wet Rune - Page 2

Author: Markj9494

*023*2021-02-20 00:52

Chapter 7: Missed chances

Stepping onto the waiting bus that would take them to the terminal Annabeth grabbed one of the handles hanging from the roof and looked back towards the plane. It seemed that almost everyone had gotten off and now a single shady figure was slowly trudging towards them. Even in the darkness she knew it was the pink haired woman who had peed and as if to make her feel more guilty all eyes turned towards the woman as they waited. As she stepped onto the bus her only saving grace was the fact her leather trousers showed no sign of her accident although her grey fabric daps on the other hand were still squelching and several shades darker. Staring down at the floor to avoid eye contact, Annabeth could see the sodden material still leaving marks on the plastic floor of the bus as her soaked shoelaces draped across the floor.

Blushing madly as she thought back to what she had done Annabeth closed her eyes for a moment, the second-hand embarrassment getting the better of her but thankfully after a few minutes the bus ferried them to the arrivals gate. Walking off quickly she once again avoided looking at the wet woman, hoping to never see her or cause anyone else to disgrace themselves again.

Finally inside the warmer building Annabeth couldn’t help but Yawn as she walked towards passport control, she was still a little tired but despite the strange dream she was feeling better for the nap, in fact she actually felt better than she had in days. Although, as she looked forwards that good feeling was starting to disappear as she approached the booths, a dozen people already standing in line for the single booth that seemed to be open at this time of the night. This was the biggest airport in the UK, how was this sort of thing allowed to happen.

Sighing deeply she took her place in line, getting out her phone and watching as the elderly official squinted at the passport of one of the many people ahead of her. His movements and behaviour signalling she might be here for some time.

Opening up her phone she sent off a text to Courtney, her assistant had offered to meet her at the airport so they could talk about what she had found. Although that last part still had her feeling a little uneasy, how would she explain what was going on with her. She trusted her long-time assistant more than basically anyone else, so while she would do so reluctantly she figured she should probably tell her the whole story.

Clicking send she looked up again, unsurprised to see the line hadn’t moved in the minute she had been looking at her phone. But ahead of her a flicker of movement caught her eye, a slight movement that should have gone unnoticed. But looking past a couple of the people next to her she could see the blonde hair of Joy rustling a little as she stood in line ahead of her. Annabeth was sure she would have made a dash for the ladies rooms given she admitted almost wetting herself 5 minutes ago on the plane.

Glancing around her Annabeth wondered who she was looking for as she prepared to scan their bladders, the weird intimacy of her new powers still making her feel like she should be hiding what she was doing despite no one else being able to see it. Looking at Joy it would have been impossible to tell just how full her bladder was, even as Annabeth caught site of the fullness of her bladder it just left her amazed by the will of the woman. Joy was acting like it was any other day and showing no signs of desperation despite being at 94%, higher than many of those on the plane had wet themselves at. Despite this the blonde woman was standing casually with her legs pressed together but showing very few outward signs of needing to pee. Her control and fortitude must have been truly complete as she stood there, her bladder clearly bulging out several inches and yet she was the master of it. But even so, she should probably do something about how close she was to losing control.

Locking onto Joy she was about to take some out of her bladder, given that she was the one person who Annabeth still felt responsible for. But as she watched the number tick up 95% and saw no discernible difference in Joys behaviour, she was curious to see at what point the other woman would crack. After all, it didn’t really matter at what point she took some out.

Letting the odd connection she felt between their bladders stop for a moment she wondered if Joy would show any signs even as she began to lose control, or would she make it thought the line and to the bathroom? Given she was new to this she supposed anything was possible.

Another step forwards a minute later left just 8 people ahead of her, 5 before Joy. If her seating companion could hold out a few more minutes she was sure to make it, although part of her was hoping this would go on as long as possible. There was something intriguing about watching a beautiful woman try to hide her need, adorning to the societal need to be proper and not squirm around like an unruly child.

“Im so sorry, oh god, oh god, oh god.” Came a quiet murmur from behind her, a heavily pregnant woman waddling past Annabeth with both hand pressed deeply into her crotch.

“Sorry…Sorry…Sorry” Came the apologetic husband, awkwardly waving a hand in apology as they pushed ahead to the front of the line.

“Im sorry, can I just…” The woman asked Annabeth, indicating in front of her. “Im about to pee myself, the baby is kicking my bladder and it was already full after that flight.” She added awkwardly, blushing deeply as she admitted her need. Her legs stepping up and down on the spot as she continued to grip herself.

“Yeah sure” Annabeth said letting her in, she was in no rush and to be fair she still felt like she owed the karmic gods some favours after what she had done to the three woman on the plane. Although letting her through wasn’t really the same, perhaps given her new powers she could actually do some good for those in need.

Felling a buzz in her pocket she was momentarily distracted, pulling out her phone and seeing a message of Courtney saying she was already here and waiting in the carpark out front.

Looking back the pregnant woman was repeating the same process with the next man in the line of passengers, slowly bargaining her way to the front. Remembering what she was doing Annabeth checked out the woman’s bladder seeing it sat at an uncomfortable 93%, before suddenly peaking at 99% for just a split second then returning to 93%. Was her new vision able to pick up on even the impact of a baby kicking the woman’s bladder internally? Either way she felt a new urgency as she realised she had very few moments to spare, any kick from the baby could spell disaster for the young to be mother.

Connecting to her Annabeth started to use her new found powers to magically pull the liquid from her target’s bladder, a warm feeling rushing through her body and a new tightness forming in her abdomen. Siphoning it off slowly to not raise any questions she could almost see the woman relaxing a little as she passed the 80% mark. But even now another kick sent it right back up to 85% and Annabeth realised she would have to take enough so that no matter what happened the woman would be saved from wetting herself. But passing though 70% Annabeth felt the first fork of pain in her own bladder. A deep cramp making her wince and she felt the connection weaken a little.

Fighting through the discomfort she finally stopped once the woman hit 65%, hopefully a safe point with a third of her capacity to go. Placing a hand on her own bladder Annabeth took a deep breath, fighting off the spasms caused by her rapidly filling organ. Checking her own fullness, a talent that was coming in handy today she was surprised to see it at 79%. Again it seemed that her earlier activities and now this had left her far fuller than she had anticipated. But looking up as she checked the pregnant woman’s bladder for the last time Annabeth simply closed her legs tightly, this was the least she could do considering her earlier actions.

But as the pregnant woman slotted continued moving up the line she passed Joy, who herself was now standing very awkwardly. Slightly red faced she had smiled politely and let the dancingly desperate woman through despite her own extreme fullness. Puffing out her cheeks Joy bent at the waist, the first true sign of her discomfort as she wiped a way a bead of sweat gathering on her forehead. 96%! She had reached and despite the momentary loss of composure she soon stood upright, her left leg bent and pushing into her other leg closely. Annabeth could see her calves flexing every few moments as she fought the immense pressure building inside her. But thankfully over the next few minutes things seemed to be speeding up with a number of people going through quickly.

“I don’t even think you had to pee!” Came an annoyed shout from the woman behind Joy who seemed to almost wince at the suggestion.

“Im sorry?” The pregnant woman shot back, the comment clearly aimed at her since she had stopped dancing now Annabeth had taken much of her load.

“Now you are almost at the front you seem a lot more comfortable. I don’t think you even have to pee. You should feel ashamed, using your pregnancy to get things.”

“Ignore her Kate” The husband said, trying to turn his angry looking wife away from the confrontation.

But to his despair Annabeth could see the fire in the woman’s eyes.

“Excuse you, I wasn’t lying and I still need to pee badly but the baby has thankfully stopped kicking my bladder so I should be able to manage.” Kate shot back angrily.

“Well that’s convenient isn’t it.” The other woman added, pushing past Joy to confront Kate even closer, slowly walking around her as the que moved leaving the pair of them next in line.

“He wants our passports love” Kates husband said stood next to the booth, holding out a hand.

“Oh no you don’t” The angry woman protested, walking in front of them and placing a hand blocking them from entering the area of the booth checks.

“Do we have a problem here?” The tired booth man asked.

“Yes we do sir, this woman pretended to need the bathroom so she could cut in line.”

“Is this true mam.” He asked half-heartedly.

“No it is most certainly not.” Katy said crossing her arms as her husbands dropped to his sides in a resigned manner.

“Well mam, I cant prove if someone needs to pee or not so im not sure what you want me to do about it?” He said, the mouth of the accusing woman hanging open in disbelief.

“Well I would like to speak to your manager then!” She said, joining Kate in folding her arms.

Behind them Annabeth saw Joy double over again as the progress she was making suddenly stalled, her eyes shutting for a moment as her leg muscles tensed fiercely.

It took an agonising, at least for Joy, 4 minutes for the portly looking passport control manager to arrive. His short legs and stature revealing a man more at home behind a desk than on the front lines of airport security. But the in the booth quickly filled him in, leaving him scratching his head before approaching the two women.

“Im sorry mam, but if I understand it all of these people let her through voluntarily so even if she was lying there is nothing we can do.” He shrugged, a smile appearing on Kates face.

“That’s because she was lying to them, to me!”

“Well, if you want to go through first you can and we can get this line moving.”

“That’s not the point” The angry woman retorted with a face red enough that Annabeth was expecting steam to start coming out of her ears.

“Well im sorry it’s the only thing we can do.”

“Its not good enough…Fine I will take this into my own hands. I am not moving from this spot until this woman goes all the way to the back of the line.” The woman said, taking a step and blocking the one person wide doorway into the booth.

97%! Annabeth could see Joy was really starting to struggle. Her composure was leaving her although her strength and bladder control was still something to marvel.

More minutes passed as she stood in the way, the two guards trying to mediate or get the line moving but nothing seemed to be working. Eventually the manager left saying he was going to try and find someone else to open another booth so people could start moving, but who knew how long that would take. Judging by the ticking time bomb of Joy it would probably be too long.

She had to do something, Locking onto Joy she once again started the process of taking some from the woman’s bladder. But as soon as the connection was established, she felt her own bladder pulse.

97%....96%...Oh god!

Annabeth threw her hands between her legs as she accidentally put some back into Joy, 96% it was. Looking down her own bladder had now hit 89% and she was in serious danger of losing it all now if this line didn’t start moving soon! Straightening up she tried to regain control over her breath but even that seemed to cause pain to radiate out her bladder that had been so abused today. She couldn’t hold it, she had to get rid of some.

That’s when the thought came to her, maybe she could solve these two issues in one go. Connecting her bladder to that of the woman in the doorway and blocking her and Joys escape she noticed it sitting at a comfortable 40%, plenty of room she thought to herself. But instead of being careful as she had with others Annabeth just went for it, the woman’s bladder fullness rocketing up like a ticker machine at a petrol station. 50, 60, 70, 80, 90% in a matter of moments she had almost completely filled it and half emptied her own.

“Oh shit!” The woman cried out as she grabbed her abdomen, her legs scissoring wildly as she slammed them against each other. Her face covered in a deep grimace as she found herself suddenly and extremely desperate to pee.

“Oh god…oh god” she muttered, her hand grabbing the walls of the booth unsteadily.

“I…..I…..have to go.”

Still doubled over she let out a pained grunt causing a look of concern from some of those in line, but a knowing smile appeared on Kate as she realised what the expression was for. It was a feeling that she, Annabeth and poor Joy were extremely familiar with.

“Mam?” The booth attendant asked.

Doubled over the woman stayed rooted to the spot, but as Annabeth saw her bladder tick up to 94% it was like a spring was released inside her. Standing bolt upright with a look of fear in her eyes she bolted for it, running past the booth and towards the toilet she was hoping was on the other side in a surprising turn of speed.

“Hey!” The Booth attendant shouted, pointing to the woman making a mad dash past him.

Almost on que a while blew and two large security agents appeared out of nowhere. Charging out of another area they tackled the late thirties woman to the ground, a loud grunt filling the corridor.

Moments passed as those in line with her watched in silence and awe of the spectacle of the woman trying to run the port so to speak.

“Why…” A cry came before the woman was picked up by the two men, her hands now contained in pair of cuffs as she was restrained. Her grey work slacks now darkening all around her and the once posh white top yellowed and transparent on her right side from where her pee had burst from her as she was tackled and led on the ground. Even as she was being led off a trail of glistening pee could be seen streaking down her legs and leaving a mess behind them.

“Next” The attendant shouted, far more awake now that this had happened and surprising everyone in line who were still in shock.

Now with his adrenaline spiked he made his way through the rest quickly and Annabeth was happy to see him process Joy in record time, she had saved her, all she had to do was make it to a bathroom as the still composed but stressed looking woman walked past the puddle on the floor that in a weird way was partly hers.

A couple of minutes later Annabeth herself was let through and she could finally collect her bag, although unsurprisingly she had still made it through before they had unloaded the plane.

Standing in the baggage collection she stared longingly at the conveyor belt and a few minutes later it sprung to life as the first random collection of items appeared.

Soon her bag was slowly rotating towards her, but outreaching her hand another person grabbed it from the line.

“Hi sorry, I think that’s mine.”

“Oh sorry…Oh its you” The woman said as Annabeth weaved through the crowd to see Joy holding her bag. A smile on her flushed face but an immense look of discomfort visible in her eyes.

“I…uh hi…sorry I think that’s mine?” Annabeth said confused, had she not peed. Looking down at the bag she glanced over and sure enough 98%, she must have been in so much pain and yet here she was, stood waiting for her bag and not dashing to the loo’s like anyone else would be.

“Oh yeah sorry.” Joy said, her face grimacing and her torso twitched slightly, a hand falling to her heavily distended midsection.

Grabbing her bag Annabeth was slightly in shock, how was this woman still so composed.

“Thanks, have…have a nice day” Annabeth rambled slightly, getting a nod from the blonde woman who gently brushed another layer of sweat from her forehead.

Wheeling her bag away she couldn’t help but look back at Joy, her legs tightly crossed and lips pursed as she gently rocked where she stood. 98%! What was this woman’s bladder made of.

Standing idly by in awe of Joy she watched for a couple of minutes as joy continued to squirm unnoticeably to most people, her bulging bladder easy to see if you looked but easy to miss if you didn’t. Finally, Joys bag came and she grabbed it as quickly as she could, her cheeks puffing out again in discomfort.

But again as Annabeth watched she didn’t make an immediate dash for the ladies, she simply wheeled towards the front of the airport.

In pure fascination Annabeth followed her, unable to believe what she was seeing as Joy continued past the ladies room with no que and out to the front of the airport. A few moments later she flagged down a cab as Annabeth stayed somewhat in the entrance behind joy, watching in disbelief as she let the cabbie load her suitcase into the car and very carefully got in, closing the door with a bladder that was 99% full. Surely she must know how close she is to wetting herself and now she was risking wetting a strangers car. But that wasn’t the worst of it, Annabeth had no resolution, none at all.

Instead of feeling bad about filling her to capacity, Annabeth now found herself wishing she had added just that little bit more. Her seat mate was escaping her view and leaving her with an agonising hole in the moment. Where was she going, would she make it, why hadn’t she filled her more! Annabeth thought to herself again as she watched the cab with the absolutely full Joy pull away from her.

But a few moments later a call of her name snapped her out of it, turning she could see Courtney waving at her from across the road.

*028*2021-02-21 17:24

First of all I just wanted to thank everyone for being so Positive and for reading in the first place. Also, if anyone has any ideas feel free to chuck them in a post, no guarantees I will incorporate them but you never know what thoughts it might create and hopefully lead to something you will enjoy!

{{On 2/20/2021 at 4:18 AM, HopBop said:

I love the bladder budgeting she has to do. I hope the budget gets tight soon...

}}

Thank you, its a bit of a niche thing and I was worried might turn some people off the story. But im happy to see you are enjoying it and yes im sure there will be some more...opportunities for mistakes or oversights to be made in tight situations. Although quite what these might be im not sure yet.

{{19 hours ago, Night Rain said:

Wouldn't mind seeing Mila return again and the rune's effects used on her again.

}}

I think that can probably be arranged.

{{8 hours ago, holdinginpee said:

If people can lose control before the 100% mark, perhaps they can also retain control beyond it. would be fun if annabeth happened to cross paths with joy again and discovered she was still holding despite being well over 100% by that point.

}}

Its an interesting idea, it might not happen with Joy but could come up again at some point.

*030*2021-02-21 22:57

{{22 minutes ago, ola93 said:

Given that you asked for ideas, here's a couple of things I thought could be fun:

- Giving Courtney a demonstration while explaining Annabeth's new abilities to her

- Getting people to go to the bathroom 'for someone else'. E.g. having Courtney take Annabeth's pee to the bathroom for her while she is working.

- Solving bathroom lines by getting some out of a group of people needing to pee to go for all of them.

- On that last thought: could Annabeth transport urine into the bladder of someone she can't see? E.g. someone who is - conveniently - on a toilet at that time?

}}

I can confirm that the notes for the next chapter or two, do include at least two of these. Although I hadn't thought about the idea of Annabeth using it to give her assistant a new role as a peeing assistant while she works! So I might have to put that in too.

*033*2021-02-26 01:36

Chapter 8: Through the looking glass.

“So you found it then, the fountain of youth!” Courtney said excitedly as she drove through the outskirts of Cambridge.

Annabeth had spent the last hour explaining what she had found, from the inscription to the few scrolls she had managed to hold onto as she ran. They still needed to be translated, but she hoped they would help explain some of what was going on with her and the part of the story she had been putting off telling her assistant.

“So there was something else…” Annabeth said, pausing and still trying to get the phrasing right in her own head.

“What another artefact?” Courtney asked as she glanced from the road to look at her.

“uh yeah, a tablet with a rune on it. It was in the fountain I found in the main chamber.”

“What was on it?” her assistant asked as she sped down the dark road.

“It was the same symbol that we have seen a few times, Erzulie’s rune but it was different, it was…yellow.” Annabeth finished, now realising why the colour may have been just that and feeling her skin flush.

“Well I mean most of our texts are in black and white so it could be that. Did you bring it with you, maybe we can compare it to the texts at the university?”

“Kind of…” Annabeth paused, feeling her cheeks start to burn red with embarrassment, here it came, the awkward bit.

“What do you mean kind of?” Courtney asked, looking at her and away from the road for slightly longer than made Annabeth comfortable.

“Uh…well…” But looking out the window she recognised where they were. “Ok just head up there, my place is like 2 minutes away…I’ll explain there.”

“Ok sure. Im kind of glad actually, Ive been needing to pee for like an hour now. I forgot to go before I came to get you and haven’t gone since lunch.” Her friend casually admitted to her.

“Oh” was all Annabeth could say as she her mind began flooding with images of the day she had had, but that did give her an idea at least.

Looking at her watch it was approaching 9pm and sure enough as she used her new power to scan over the self-proclaimed desperate Courtney, she could see her driver at 82%. Connecting to her bladder, she slowly withdrew the liquid that was sitting inside her friend. Since there was no rush she did it much slower this time, trying to give her own bladder enough time to adjust and not cause any issues.

Feeling a twinge and reaching 85% herself she was unsurprised to see that Courtney was still 40% full, given what she was learning about different sized bladders today. Her assistant always had been one to skip bathroom breaks and down the coffee during study sessions, yet she was never one to excuse herself. So despite taking over 66% of her own bladder for only 42% of Courtney’s fullness, she knew her assistant could cope easily.

Pulling up to her house she couldn’t help but squeeze her legs together slightly, glad to be home for more than one reason now. Grabbing her bag from the boot of the car she unlocked her house, grateful she had tidied up before going away. Sliding her suitcase under a table in the hallway she exhaled deeply as her bladder cramped inside her.

“Do you want something to drink, tea?” She offered, unsure if she actually wanted some or just to postpone the conversation a couple more minutes.

“Um, yeah sure” Courtney said, still standing a little awkwardly in the hallway.

“Cool, well if you want to take a seat at the table ill bring it over.”

“So what was this about the tablet artefact, you were a little coy about if you had it. Don’t worry I wont report you to the authorities from tomb raiding.” Courtney joked a couple of minutes later from the table.

“I uh, yeah well I sort of have it” Annabeth reiterated as she carefully walked towards her holding two steaming mugs of tea.

“Didn’t you say you have to pee.”

“Oh yeah sorry, I guess it just went back up.” Courtney smiled awkwardly as she accepted her cup.

“What if it didn’t?” Annabeth said kind of meekly, her embarrassment easy to see although Courtney was too confused by the comment to really notice.

“Uh…I think I know if I need to pee. Is everything ok you seem a little off and that was a little weird to ask” She replied, a confused look on her face.

“Ok so, keep that in mind when I show you this.” Annabeth said, unbuttoning her shirt and sliding out her arm, the rune on full display.

“You got a tattoo?” Courtney asked clearly shocked, her hand outstretching to touch it.

“Hey, don’t do that” Annabeth said, pulling her arm out of the way, her bladder already too full to be pressing on the rune.

“Sorry, does it hurt?”

“No, its not that its…........ Ok, so you know the tablet I touched?”

“You touched the tablet?”

“I found the tablet in the fountain and I went to pick it up so I could get a better look at it. When I did it kind of burst into energy and then I had this on my arm.”

Smiling Courtney scoffed, “Sure you did, is this a joke of some kind. If you got drunk with some Moroccan man and got a tattoo you don’t have to make up a story to cover it up.”

“That’s not the weirdest bit…Its given me abilities” Annabeth paused, her face flushing deeply again and feeling her bladder pulse inside her as she squirmed for more than one reason.

“What, are you in X-Men now, do you have super strength, maybe you can teleport or…

“Im Serious Courtney, I can do things I could before.”

“Like what?”

“Well…like control liquid”

“Ok…” But Courtney was clearly still unconvinced. “move my tea, make it fly into the air.” she retorted. Annabeth realised she must have just thought that she was trying to get one over on her, not that it made the next words that stumbled out of her any less awkward.

“Not that kind of liquid.” she said quietly.

“What then?” Courtney asked, taking back the cup she had been holding towards Annabeth.

“I can…I can control peoples need to pee, or their bladder, or their pee or something weird like that. And before you say anything I know how insane this sounds, trust me ive been trying to think of a way of explaining this to you the entire car ride.”

“You can control peoples pee?” Courtney’s stuttered, her eyebrows so far up her forehead they had almost merged with the rest of her hair.

Coughing a couple of times Annabeth thought she saw her friends face blush before she looked down into her tea “Not what I would have chosen as a super power.” Courtney joked quietly. In a weird way it actually made her feel a little better that Courtney seemed to be making less fun of her, although there was clearly still a look in her eye that suggested she was looking or trying to figure something out about what Annabeth was saying.

“So you know you said you needed to pee and then it went back up, it didn’t. I took it out of you.”

“You what?” Courtney blushed deeply again as she looked up at her even more shocked than before.

“I can see how full your bladder is and…move it” At this point Annabeth’s voice was cracking a little as she rushed through the explanations without waiting or ignoring her friends questions. She could feel her throat becoming dry as she admitted for the first time to someone else, the crazy things that she had been doing all day.

“So, you want me to believe that you went to Morocco and found a temple hidden for centuries. Inside that temple was a tablet that you touched, which then imprinted itself on your arm. But not only that, it gave you some magical mystical powers to control when people need to pee?”

“Like I said, I know it sounds weird.”

“Annabeth, it doesn’t sound weird, its sounds impossible, maybe you just needed to pee and it went away, or maybe you just saw things that you thought were one thing and were another. Or…”

Annabeth was listening to her ramble, she still didn’t believe her, or maybe she did and she was trying to rationalise it in her own mind. But there was one way of proving it to her…

“Ok look, I understand if you don’t believe me. But I can prove It to you.”

Stopping talking Courtney gave her an inquisitive look, “How?”

“How do you think, just stand over there for a minute.” Annabeth said. “Do you have to pee right now?”

“Kind of, I mean I did but It doesn’t feel as urgent now” Courtney shrugged.

“Ok…so what about now…” Annabeth said, her eyes narrowing slightly as she locked bladders with her friend and started the fluid transfer. All of the liquid she had taken from her earlier started flowing back into the dark haired woman opposite her. A few seconds in she could see Courtney press her knees together, a slight look of discomfort overcoming her as her cheeks blushed. A few moments longer and as she passed 75% capacity, she tried to slyly put her left leg behind the other, crossing them gently as she pursed her lips.

“I mean, this doesn’t prove anything, I probably just needed to go, and now you have me stood here its just come back.” She tried to bluff, her legs beginning to fidget and bounce into one another slightly.

Nearing 90% Annabeth finally ran out, her reserves gone but her point having been made.

“Ok, I do have to go now.” Courtney said nervously as she quickly turned, dashing up the hallway and into her friends bathroom that she had seen one a previous late night session here.

A few minutes later she emerged from the hallway, straightening her shirt she sat back down opposite Annabeth and grabbed her still hot cup.

“Ok, so im not saying I believe you, but if any of this is true... What do we do now and how does it even work. Like…how did you fill my bladder, if you did.”

“Well, I definitely did, but I don’t know how. As for what we do, I think the first step is to go back to the research, see if there is anything that talks about this. I mean how many times did we adjust the language because we didn’t think the translation was right, maybe it was and we just thought it was too weird.” Annabeth said, her mind starting to get back into gear.

“Ok, but now I think you should go back through everything that happened, and this time don’t miss any bits out.”

“I…ok” Annabeth said as she looked down into her empty cup. She hated to talk about this, to remind herself of her own weakness and also what she had done to the others on the plane. But if she wanted Courtney's help she should probably start being completely honest with her.

A short while and a couple of more cups of tea later Annabeth’s cheeks had finally stopped burning from embarrassment as she admitted wetting herself in the temple for the third time, Courtney wanting to be thorough on everything she had done inside it.

“Ok…” Courtney said looking down at the notes she had taken, something Annabeth would kill her for if they ever got out. “So you said that not being able to see the person stops you being able to affect them, but what about windows. If you can see them but there is a barrier does that work?”

“I…don’t know.” Annabeth said, genuinely curious, it wasn’t something she had thought about.

“Why don’t we try it?”

“Shouldn’t we wait until the morning, its getting pretty late.”

“Oh that reminds me, we have that conference in London tomorrow that I guess you should come to since you are back. But anyway, its just a couple of quick tests, nothing serious.” Courtney said, standing and walking quickly towards the front door.

“What are you doing?” Annabeth asked as she walked towards the door, she had just literally said she was going to stay.

“Come on, try and fill me on the other side of your window. I just want to see if it works.”

“Fine” Annabeth said, feeling a little like a stage horse to her friend. But standing at the window she too was a little curious to see if it would work.

Staring at Courtney she focused her mind as she had done so many times that day, it was almost like second nature now. After an initial waviness to her vision that was new, she did manage to get a lock on her friends relatively empty bladder. Breathing deeply she once again transported the pee from her own bladder into the one on the other side of the window. There was an initial resistance but soon it flowed as easily as it had done before and soon she was empty and the cups of tea now sat in Courtney who seemed to almost be shrugging like she still couldn’t feel anything.

Beckoning her in she rushed in, “Man its cold out there, did it work?”

“You don’t feel anything?” Annabeth asked curiously.

“Not really, I mean the cold always makes me have to pee more anyway, so its hard to tell if it was that or something else. Did you manage it, did it work?”

“Yeah it seemed too, it was a little harder than with nothing in between us but still doable.”

“Ok…what about a picture” Courtney asked.

“Come on, its getting late.” Annabeth said,

Ignoring her she watched as Courtney took out her slightly battered phone and took a picture before handing over the phone to her. “Ok look at that and see if it works”.

“I don’t have to go, and I don’t think ill get any out of a photo anyway.”

“Just press the rune, if it works like you say it does.”

Oh god, she usually loved her assistants energy and drive for discoveries but now she just wanted a moment of peace and to get some sleep. Sighing she gripped her arm for a few moments, the deep energy she had felt before came pulsing out again, the warming sensation flowing through her body as she felt her bladder fill.

“Ok, but this is the last test for tonight.” Staring at the photo Courtney had just taken she tried to lock on, but try as she might there was a weird haze forming before her eyes. It was almost as if what ever ancient power was doing this recognised the form in front of it was a person, but it was failing to find a bladder to connect too. Trying to focus her mind did little to her power as she failed to connect to the static image of her friend.

“Nope, nothing.” Annabeth said slightly resigned as she handed the phone back.

“What about video, or maybe it has to be live?” Courtney said as she fumbled with her phone intent on trying something else.

“I said last test, lets just call it a night and get some rest and start again in the morning.”

“Ok, you’re right I’m sorry. Its just so…new?”

“The word you are looking for is weird and yeah I know, but I’m beat.”

“Yeah…but do you think it has a limit, like distance or amount, is it temporary?” Courtney said smiling and clearly thinking this was funny.

Crossing her arms Annabeth grabbed the rune on her arm gently as she looked at her friend continuing to make comments, if she had been given these powers she may as well use them to fight back against her friends jokes.

“Do you think its magic, or are you like a god now?”

“Finding this funny are you?” Annabeth joked, trying to keep her voice level as she felt her bladder spasm lightly as it began to fill. But that did bring up an interesting question, could she press the rune and transport its contents into a bladder at the same time. Trying to connect to Courtney she felt the energy peak before her vision went hazy and her head began to feel light before the energy stopped and she was seemingly just transferring her bladders contents at an incredibly fast pace.

“Well, I do find it a bit funny. You are the most down to..to earth and rational pe…person I know…OH” Courtney said as she doubled over, a hand flying between her legs as Annabeth let go of the rune while trying to shake the feeling from her head that had overcome her.

Courtney now stood in silence with her legs pressed tightly together and her hands bunched up between them for a moment, the statue pose lasted for the briefest of moments before she let out a low groan, before going wide eyed and dashing off towards the toilets.

“You suck” She shouted over her shoulder back to Annabeth who was still trying to shake the feeling, her head still light and confused about what she had just done. Even her memories seemed a little hazy. Even worse, as her feelings returned she became aware of a small warm sensation between her legs, sure enough as she looked down she could see a tiny wet spot on her own clothes. What ever had just happened she hadn’t escaped completely free, and neither it seemed had Courtney.

“You owe me a new set of underwear.” Her friend complained as she reappeared. How long had she been gone, she wasn't usually a quick peeing person. Or had she just been stood here longer than she thought she had been?

“look im sorry…I…”

“Oh don’t take it so seriously, although I may have to rethink our relationship if you keep making me almost wet myself for my bad jokes. But I think you might be right, I didn’t realise the time and should probably get a move on. Bus leaves from the campus at 8am.” Courtney said gathering up her belongings and starting to put her coat on.

“Ok, thanks by the way. Although, can we not mention this to anyone else please. At least not yet.”

“Sure, no problem.” Courtney smiled, the pair hugging and parting ways.

Sighing Annabeth inspected her pants, sighing and staring up at the ceiling as she trudged into her bedroom.

Despite telling Courtney earlier how late it was, now she was there and laying in bed Annabeth just couldn’t seem to fall asleep. The questions and memories she still had kept floating through the silence of her room and mind, she just needed some background noise.

Flicking the TV on she changed it to the local late night news station, she had been away for a little while so she wondered if anything had changed.

Although immediately she regretted it, groaning she remembered they had replaced the nice elderly woman with the worst possible person. Jackie Talent, the popular bully and cheerleader from her secondary school that had made her life a living hell. If someone had grown up just watching teen flicks and identifying with the popular girl in them, they wouldn’t have been as close as the real life trope that was the blue eyes blonde haired woman sat at the desk barely able to read the teleprompter before her.

In reality she probably wasn’t the same person Annabeth knew a decade earlier, but to her she would always be that girl.

Whether it was the sight of her childhood rival, the inability to sleep, or Courtney’s questions Annabeth soon found an idea forming in her mind. Once again, she pressed the rune as she watched the woman talk about the case of a missing sheep found after 2 years half way across the county. She wasn’t sure if it was in spite or ambition, but even as her bladder started to complain she held on, testing her limits as she pushed on to 95% fullness. More than a dull ache, pain radiated across her abdomen as she groaned, her legs twisting together as she led on the bed.

Letting go she knew she had to be quick about this as she felt a spasm erupt inside her muscles that had been suddenly called into action.

Staring at the screen she frowned, forcing her mind almost through the glass like she had the window. But this time instead of going into her garden on the side of it, she was trying to move it into another building miles away from her. But fighting through the haze with determination she saw the vague outline of something forming before her eyes. Pressing on she watched it take shape and felt the connection establish itself with her target even over such a distance.

With the connection established she began to push, this time against a considerable amount of resistance. But once again she pushed on, like pushing a heavy object up hill she managed to get the transfer started. Watching Jackie’s number fullness tick up agonisingly slowly, a layer of sweat forming all over Annabeth as she took deep breaths to keep the transfer going.

Under the desk she could see Jackie’s feet start to tap, it was working!

Soon the relaxed and professional demeanour of the woman had been replaced by a ridged pose, Jackie’s eyes looking around nervously as she felt her small bladder start to swell inside her tight dress out of nowhere.

Reaching 70% and she began to stumble over her words a little bit, pursing her lips and legs clearly jiggling beneath the desk with a rigor that was clearly distracting her co-host. Her long shapely legs dancing on the spot a sight the middle-aged man seemed to be fascinated with.

At 85% her left hand disappeared under the desk as she looked around genuinely worried, her eyes locking onto someone left of the came and probably her producer.

“I…I…um, our, our ne next…” Jackie's mouth hung open as her eyes went wide and her whole body seemed to freeze for a moment.

92% and that was all she could take, the blonde standing and rushing off screen in a blur as Annabeth felt the connection drop.

Groaning loudly she felt herself begin to wet herself again, the loss of connection clearly resulting in her going back to emptying her bladder the old fashioned way. But thankfully she had emptied enough that it wasn’t hard to do so.

Laying back and trying to catch her breath, Annabeth could feel the sweat coating her body from the apparent exertion start to cool. A satisfied smile appearing on her face as she led there and finally, she felt herself drift off to sleep. The Tv showing the shocked face of Jackie's co-host who had been left on his own.

“Uhh…Well, lets go a little bit earlier to Jeff over on the weather.” He stammered.

“Thanks Phill, well it looks like its going to be a cold one tomorrow so make sure to wrap up warm.”

*035*2021-03-13 19:32

Chapter 9. Shifting shadows.

Turning over in her bed Annabeth outstretched her hand, mumbling something incoherent as she dreamt of being back in the temple the day before. So much had happened in that time, her mind racing to the discovery in the temple. Even in her sleep she knew what was coming as she reached her arm out, but she just couldn't stop herself touching the stone. Once again there was a brilliant flash of light, the burning energy filling her body for but a moment, then everything went black.

An uneasy silence came upon her, but she was in control of her body at least. Looking around she found herself in a pitch-black room, if it was a room. The area around her completely devoid of markers or objects for her to recognise or get her bearings. Taking a few steps forwards she could hear her footsteps softly padding along the floor as if bare foot, but she could feel no pressure against her skin, no coldness or warmth it was as if the floor wasn’t really there.

Turning her head rapidly to the left her auburn hair almost floated in slow motion in a way that made it seem as if physics were delayed where ever she found herself. But it was a sound that had caught her attention, a faint murmuring.

Slowly walking towards it the room started to get lighter again, although strange dark wisps seemed to float around her as if compelled by a breeze she could not feel herself. But as she walked forwards the murmuring was getting louder and louder, although it was still impossible to tell what they were saying.

A rumble of thunder seemed to reverberate through the plane of existence she was on, another wisp of black energy traveling through the sky far above her before shooting downwards, becoming thicker and almost materialising into something, or someone far ahead of her. The energy eventually disappearing behind an invisible wall of sorts that seemed to exist between her and where the voices came from.

Continuing forwards she focused on the wall, the room becoming brighter and brighter until eventually she reached it, the barrier between them. Now in touching distance she could see the figures on the other side, three of them standing in a group, their faces hidden from her by black shawls.

“Uhnn…ge…du………ou.” the muddy sounding voices of the figures just reached her ears. They were still to far, she had to get closer. Pressing herself against the barrier she felt it bend in a similar way to as it had on the plane, but as she forced herself into it, the voices were becoming clearer with each step.

“She is al…. …ting stro…” A loud twanging noise filled the area and even seemed to interrupt them as they looked skywards, but the sound had come from the barrier as Annabeth pushed it harder and harder. Digging in her heels she pushed more, she had to know who these people were.

“I haven’t seen this level of aptitude sin…..” Another twang, but this one was accompanied by a pulse of energy that forced her back, her feet sliding across the floor as she grappled with the energy field.

Closing her fingers into fists she forced herself back, taking powerful strides towards where she had been previously.

“I think….Do we know….”

“There was a flight…….et themselves.”

“Seems…….li.sort…..that would happen.”

“where is she”

“We have…”

A third twang thundered through the area, but this time Annabeth was ready and fought through the wave of energy and remained where she was stood, but part of her wished she hadn’t.

As her fists pushed against the screen the trio suddenly looked up at her, apparently able to see her despite what she had thought was a one way screen. Maybe it had been before she had forced her way into it. Looking up the figure the others seemed to be reporting too looked at her, their face still shrouded in darkness but an unmistakable crooked grin spread across their face as they looked at her.

Feeling a shiver urn down her spine she stopping pushing against the invisible force and a moment later Annabeth found herself thrown backwards once again. Landing heavily on her side she was pushed rapidly across the floor and back into the darkness. Her vision quickly going as the small lit room became smaller and smaller as she was propelled away from it.

“Whhhuu!” Annabeth shouted, startled awake in her bed and her mind still reeling from what she had just seen.

“Oh god” she groaned loudly, throwing both hands between her legs as she sat bolt upright in her bed. Her fingers met with a now familiar wetness as she gripped herself tightly. Feeling her bladder throb she grimaced, one hand gripping the side of the bed as she prepared to get up. Breathing deeply she tried to regain control of herself, but another quiver in her bladder made her mind up for her.

Swinging her legs off the bed she stood, already feeling the streaks of wetness escaping through her fingers as she began to wet herself. Rushing forwards she moved as quick as she could, small rivers of pee glistening off her skin as bursts escaped her failing bladder muscles, her purple panties already wet through.

Crashing into the bathroom she threw herself onto the toilet, not even bothering to remove her underwear she sat and groaned loudly in relief as a heavy stream burst out of her. Sighing deeply her head drooped and rubbing her eyes she groaned again, this time in disbelief. She had wet herself once again and was currently technically doing so. Drops of pee could be seen in a trail through the still open bathroom door and down the hallway, splotches of the carpet darkened by her shame.

Now sitting in her cold bathroom as the sound of her pee continued to hit the water beneath her, another shiver ran down her spine again. Brining her back to the dream she had just had, the wicked smile on the persons face. It was just like the dream she had on the plane. Who were those people she wondered, were they real, it was just a dream wasn’t it?

Finally her pee stopped, her underwear and carpet ruined and her legs still dripping, but at least she had made it for the most part. It must have just been because of everything that happened yesterday, part of her wondering how many times she had abused her bladder. If this was the cost she would have to be more careful with how she used her new powers.

Reaching across to pull some toilet paper her eyes fell on her arm, a clear bruise forming that hadn’t been there when she went to bed. It was the arm she had fallen on in her dream…had it really happened? No... she must have hit it on something and that was shy she dreamt what she did.

Standing up she casually kicked off her sopping wet underwear, and turned the shower on. Judging by the light already starting to come through he windows it was almost morning anyway.

Rubbing her hands together as she walked down the street Annabeth did her best to keep warm in the sub zero weather. Blowing gently on her hands to keep them warm she regretted not having a pair of gloves ready to go, but she was too use to working in significantly warmer climates. She was prepared for the blazing sun of a desert, wetness of a rainforest and even had her own diving gear, but the British winter was something she was apparently not prepared for. A thin layer of snow creaking underfoot as she trudged towards the front of the university. Looking down at her boots she just hoped no one would be able to smell yesterdays pee coming from them, the thick material having dried but despite a quick wash last night she hadn’t managed to get rid all of the evidence.

Caching sight of Courtney next to the coach they would be travelling in she gave her friend a quick wave.

“How as your morning?” Courtney asked, offering one of the large coffees she held in her hands to her.

“Uhh..nothing” Annabeth replied blushing. “I mean nothing exciting, just your normal morning really” she added, smiling awkwardly and accepting the warm beverage gratefully. Ignoring the knowing smile from her assistant who had clearly figured something had happened for her to be this flustered. The pair of them had worked together long enough that Annabeth should have known it was impossible to hide anything from Courtney, she was always the better of the two at reading people anyway.

Boarding the bus the pair grabbed seats on the half empty vehicle, just a handful of staff and some PhD students coming with them.

“So, should we talk about last night?” Courtney asked in hushed tones as the bus started on the journey to London.

“What here!?” Annabeth said, indicating to the lack of privacy the bus offered them. A number of quiet conversations starting up around them , but with anyone able to listen in if they wanted.

“Fine, we can stick to the historical stuff.” Courtney smirked “Although something interesting did happen last night after I got home,”

“Oh?”

“Well I flicked onto the local news and there was this weird moment when the host started looking a little...uncomfortable and then ran off the stage. You wouldn’t happen to know anything about that?”

“I..puhhh…nope nothing” Annabeth blushed, what were the chances she would have been watching at that exact moment!.

“Really?” Courtney asked raising an eyebrow in her direction.

“Fine it was me.” Annabeth whispered, hiding her face and diverting her gaze to the coffee cup so she didn’t have to look in her eyes.

“Yes, I knew it!” Courtney blurted out rather loudly, the other people on the bus pausing for a moment as many looked their way. Wide eyed Courtney mouthed sorry, but couldn’t help but laugh a little as the pair settled into their seats.

“So what is our actual next step?” Courtney asked a couple of minutes later, fishing some papers out of her bag.

“I don’t know, I mean we still need to go through the scripts again and look for the miss translations. But I’ve been thinking about…it… and I think you are right about doing some tests. Who knows what could be possible if we figure this thing out.” Annabeth replied, sipping from the coffee

“Did you have something in mind?”

“A couple of things, but…we might need some help.”

“Help?”

“Yeah, so its not just us doing the tests. Being the one with the abilities I cant use them and assess them in the same way you can. But that’s not true if you are also involved.”

“Oh” Courtney said slightly dejectedly.

“No, I mean I need you to be monitoring things so we can make sure we get good data.”

“So who do we use, cant really get our friends of colleagues to work with us. For a start its kind of a private issue for our friends and then our colleagues, without trying to sound negative are also our competition for papers and funding.”

“Yeah, those are some good points” Annabeth sighed, sinking back into her seat slightly. “Well I’m sure we can think of something, as far as I know there is no time limit on this thing. We just have to fit it in between teaching, conferences, research, paper writing, grant applications and everything else.”

“Well, what if we kill two or more birds with one stone?” Courtney asked, smiling as her boss perked up a little. “Why don’t we use it for research, teaching and one day grant applications. That is if we can figure out how to re-create it.”

“I think that sounds like a good idea…wait re-create it?”

“I…uh yeah not exactly that” she said pointing to her arm “But you know, other bodily functions.” Courtney replied hastily.

“True, I hadn’t even thought about the possibilities. But lets not get carried away yet, we still need to do some research.”

“One step ahead of you” Courtney said as she handed over a pile of papers. Annabeth recognised most of them as the ones the pair had already gone through more than once.

Hitting rush hour traffic the bus made slow progress for the first hour, the icy roads and morning grid lock combining to make covering any distance difficult. But it had at least given them time to go through almost all of the scriptures again. It turned out that now they knew the truth about what they had found, the texts were more truthful and less cryptic than they first seemed. Many of the references to the water of life making more sense given that most living creatures produce pee in some form or another.

“Wait is this the symbol?” Courtney said, pointing to a small ornate drawing at the bottom of one of the scanned pages.

Rolling up her sleeve Annabeth leaned over slightly so the two of them could compare it. But just as she had she noticed movement towards them, her boss Philippa was approaching. Panicking Annabeth tried to roll her sleeve down but it was no use, the two layers of her shirt and jumper had somehow rolled together and were tightly wrapped around her arm. She knew it was a bad idea, but she didn’t have any other option at the moment as she wrapped her right hand around her tricep and tried to avoid contact with it as much as possible.

“Hi Phillipa” She said cheerily, getting a bit of an odd look from her superior as she tried to look as casual as possible. There was no way she could explain all this to her, the ridicule would be bad, but getting an artefact attached to yourself was a rookie error. Not that Annabeth had ever heard of, or expected such an attachment mechanism to exist.

“Hi Annabeth, Courtney” she added with a nod. “I was wondering if I could have a word.”

“Sure thing” Annabeth replied, hoping it would be just a word as she felt the faint burst of energy coming from her arm that told her she had already started it, although this time it was much less forceful.

“So I didn’t know you were coming today, I thought you were still in Morocco?” asked her boss.

“Yes sorry, I completed my surveys faster than I predicted and I didn’t want to risk attracting attention to the site yet.”

“So you think its still intact, did you find the antechamber?”

“I…no…” Annabeth paused, feeling her bladder twinge slightly. “I didn’t, I found the entrance and a second chamber behind it. It seems to have a locking mechanism that is still intact.”

“That interesting, sounds like you really might have found something!” Phillipa said with a little spring on her toes.

Oh no, she was getting to into this, she would want to know more and now Annabeth felt trapped. She had to get her boss out of her and judging from the discomfort in her bladder, she needed to quickly.

“Yeah, I do although I don’t want to make too much of it now.” Annabeth said trying to play it down.

“Oh ok, that’s understandable.” Philippa smiled, “Although a little unlike you.”

“I…uh yeah. Just being careful” Annabeth smiled back, hoping to end the conversation.

“So what are you working on now?” Phillipa asked, peering at their notes and making Annabeth involuntarily move backwards and trap her arm against Courtney, the pressure in her bladder now increasing rapidly.

Looking at Phillipa It was clear she was bored, she must have been looking for something interesting. The traffic jam and slow progress meaning she had all the time in the world, but also that Annabeth had no escape.”

“She is just getting me up to speed” Courtney said from beside her. “Maybe I can write it up for you to have a look over later this week.”

“Ok, that’s sounds good. I look forward to it.” Philippa said and with that she finally left the pair of them, her hand gently touching her abdomen as if the rune had also had an impact her. Annabeth instantly moved her hand from her arm and to between her legs.

“You ok?” Courtney asked, clearly putting two and two together.

“Yeah, I just have to pee” Annabeth admitted, watching Courtney smirk but sighing in relief as she hurriedly unfurled her sleeves and covered up her arm. “I cant believe that happened.”

“How bad is it?”

“I..."

“Hey, can we get a stop soon please” A voice from behind them shouted.

“Yeah I need a bathroom break” A student added their voice with a couple more nodding as a chill went down Annabeth’s spine, she had done it again!.

“Im sorry, we are behind schedule and we cannot be late, Cambridge University is never late!” A woman shouted from the front and even without looking the pair of them knew who it was. Monica had a rather distinctive voice and was also probably the only one of them in the bus would say something like that. Despite not actually being any higher on the chain of authority she sure behaved like it

“Come on just a 5 minute detour” A last year PhD student asked, her knees knocking together on the seats just across from Annabeth. If the plane had been anything to go it definitely seemed the people closest to her got the worst of it.

Glancing down at Courtney’s bladder it too had filled, but seemed at a much more manageable level than plenty of the others. The woman opposite her and many of the others close to or exceeding 80% of their capacity. She hadn’t thought she had pressed it too long, and given Courtney was only half full, even with her larger than average bladder it meant that those significantly higher must not have used a bathroom this morning.

“Yeah, ive had 3 coffees this morning and they are going through me!” A woman shouted from ahead of them.

Or was that it?, had they all just drunk so much coffee their bladders were filling at a rapid pace. The cold weather and early morning had created the perfect storm of conditions for those on the bus to down the hot diuretic drinks to keep them warm and awake.

“Im sorry ladies, but you are all adults and im sure you can all hold it for the next 40 minutes until we arrive.” Monica replied coldly.

“But…” a couple of them started but they knew it was futile and the bus fell silent as they contemplated their choices of drinks, without knowing the real reason for their sudden need.

“How bad is it, as in everyone else?” Courtney whispered to Annabeth.

“Bad, I don’t think some of them are going to make it.” She replied, her face showing she was clearly worrying.

“Cant you just….Poof” Courtney said, waving her hands from her bladder and into the air.

“It doesn’t work that way…its got to go somewhere.” Annabeth said, glancing over at the pair sat opposite and seeing their numbers already starting to climb upwards even in the matter of seconds that had passed.

“Ok, well…use me”

“What?!” Annabeth said, looking at her companion who seemed oddly fine with being a receptacle for other peoples urine.

“Look, I know I have a bit of an above average bladder, and I don’t really need to go now. Im sure between us and maybe a couple of the others we can all make it.”

“I….” But hearing a groan behind her and the sounds of several sets of boots thunking into the floor of the bus around her, she didn’t have another choice. Looking into Courtney’s eyes she could tell she was serious, a faint glimmer in her eye of something, almost pride like in her ability to hold pee when so many others couldn’t.

Nodding Annabeth first needed to do something about her own bladder before she could help anyone else. Looking down she felt the energy flow through her as she moved the contents of her almost full bladder into Courtney, watching her total increase slowly over the next minute until final she ran out and the woman next to her reached 91%.

“Ooof that’s a lot” Courtney said, rubbing her now heavily distended bladder that had almost doubled in size.

“Im sorry, I might be able to take some out in a bit, I just need the room to…you know.”

“Its fine, forget about me I can handle it.” Courtney said, a pained smile forced across her rosy cheeks that blushed brightly with exertion as her hands went to her legs and gripped onto her thighs forcefully. Looking forward Courtney quickly folded a leg under herself as she stared at the back of the seat ahead of her. She was clearly having trouble holding onto the volume of liquid inside her bladder, but for now there was nothing Annabeth could do.

Across the isle she focused on the two desperate students, their legs jiggling madly as she noticed their numbers tick into the low 90’s. But quickly and effortlessly she connected to them both, taking 10% from them both and while it left them desperate she hoped they could make it the half an hour they needed too.

But now there was a problem, she couldn’t see anyone else. They were all in their seats, too far away or obscured by other things.

“Ill be right back” She said, leaning over to Courtney but not explaining herself. Not that the dark haired woman seemed to be listening or caring at the moment. The throbbing and discomfort from her bladder clearly taking all her concentration away.

Walking forwards slowly Annabeth put her plan into action, looking down the bus she locked onto bladder after bladder of desperate passengers. Sometimes catching their eyes she forced herself not to look away but smile awkwardly as she filled her own bladder with theirs.

“Hey how can I help you?” Monica said, the helpful question sounding more like a sarcastic remark and even in her neutral state she seemed to be scowling at her, or maybe she was.

Now standing at the front of the bus, her bladder far fuller than it had been she realised she hadn’t thought this far ahead.

“Umm….I was wondering if we could get a break. A lot of us need to use the rest room.”

“Does the young doctor need to pee?” Monica retorted, Annabeth should have known Monica would enjoy this. She was always the first to make a remark about anything age related to her. Monica had been the youngest ever professor Cambridge had ever hired, or at least that was until Annabeth had turned up a few years later but many years younger. Viewed somewhat of a prodigy in the world of antiquities she had seemingly upstaged Monica and she had never let that go, despite Annabeth having no control over any of it or acting anything but friendly to her colleague.

“I think most of us do.” Annabeth replied calmly while trying to avoid the embarrassment of this conversation being just about her.

“Well, you will just have to hold it like the rest of them!” Monica said loudly, enjoying the red hue she saw spreading across the face if her adversarial as she announced Annabeth’s need to the rest of the bus.

Walking back to her seat and avoiding eye contact where possible, Annabeth found a more relaxed looking Courtney who seemed to be dealing with the pressure inside her better now. As she had found herself, the sudden inflation and filling of her bladder must have just taken her body by surprise. But even so there would be no letting up for her as Annabeth had hoped.

Carefully lowering herself into the seat Annabeth quickly crossed one leg over the other, squeezing them together tightly as she felt her bladder twinge and throb once more. The last two days had truly been an ordeal for her body, one that had put her in one uncomfortable position after another.

Staring out the window at the passing scenery the bus was almost silent, with most peoples conversations cut off by the need to pee. Faint whispers or even groans happened periodically as they finally made good progress, approaching the outskirts of London almost on time.

A similar silence had fallen between Annabeth and Courtney as they sat next to each other, Courtney rocking gently as she now sat firmly on the other foot. The extra pressure it was applying needed to stop herself from wetting her clothes on the spot, her bladder really starting to cramp as it naturally filled with the coffee she had drunk in the morning.

Annabeth wasn’t doing too much better, her legs jiggling in a tight knot, rhythmically bouncing as a worried look stretched across her face. She too had been feeling her bladder fill, but more worrying than that, she had been watching everyone else’s do the same. Over the last half an hour the 10% she had taken out had in many cases been replaced, and she could see many of those around her getting perilously close to disaster.

The noise of feet on the hard floor had accelerated over the last few minutes, the occasional soft grunt or groan peaking through the sound of the engine as they continued to drive along.

“Oh god daisy, Im not sure im going to make it” The woman opposite said, her hands buried in her crotch and another empty coffee cup on the little tray table next to her.

“Shush Gemma, you will be fine. Look I can see signs for the university, we just have to hold it a little longer.”

But despite her confidence Annabeth knew Gemma was probably right, her bladder already close to bursting at 93%, her friend just behind at 84% but with only a few minutes to go she might be ok.

However as they approached the outskirts of the city, their progress slowed to a crawl once again.

###

I hope you guys enjoyed, Sorry for the long pause between parts.

This is only like half of what I had planned for this chapter, but given how slow I am being I decided to post this part now.

I've been struggling with writers block but have had some ideas for later down the line of this story so there is something.

Hopefully the next part wont take 3 weeks!

*040*2021-03-15 21:40

{{On 3/13/2021 at 11:00 PM, Melificentfan said:

That was a fantasmic chapter can’t wait to read what will happen next

}}

{{On 3/14/2021 at 1:14 PM, Rinatro said:

Amazing chapter again. This has quickly turned into one of my favourite stories on the site. Can't wait for the next part!

}}

{{18 hours ago, Manticore said:

Great scenario again! Hope Annabeth siphons a little (or a lot!) into unsympathetic Monica. Courtney's playing a likeable role in the story too, she's a brave one buying the rest of the passengers some time.

Looking forward to more!

}}

Thank you all for your continued Support! It means a lot.

{{On 3/14/2021 at 6:06 PM, darkdealer89 said:

Really enjoying the story so far, also very excited for what's to come.

I especially like the worldbuilding-part with the dreamsequences, for me it elevates a story and gives it more spice.

With the Egyptian/Archeology setting so far, my imagination keeps mixing the story together with The Mummy movie, just without the Mummy. (And Brendan ofc, haha)

The characters feel quite human and realistic.

Courtney is probably going to be my favorite character, her offering to take the burden from the others on the Bus really made me respect her. (Just a bit afraid she might sacrifice herself, based on how bad things are looking towards the end of this last part.)

She is giving me Sam-Vibes from Lotr.

Cutting this last chapter short didn't bother me at all, getting a cliffhanger actually makes me want to theorise on what's going to happen in the continuing part.

Also, getting a writers block is perfectly normal, and you shouldn't feel bad for taking so long to post.

For me atleast, Quality > Quantity.

And there is no problem asking for help/ideas when you feel like you are writing yourself into a dead end or have another writers block.

Dont underestimate the imagination of the people here, I am pretty sure atleast 1 suggestion getting tossed out would grant you the inspiration needed to contine the story, so long as you feel the motivation to do so.

}}

Thank you, thats very kind!

Its good to know people enjoy the world building, while the desperation is always fun to think about. The world building in a strange way considering that its on this site is probably the most enjoyable part of writing it.

I do like a good cliff-hanger too, its kind of why I decided to stop where I was. Although there may still be some twists to come.

As for the writers block its something I get from time to time as I think everyone does. I had the main points / events written out but just didn't have the mojo to write the story around them in a way I was happy with. But im happy with how it turned out so far so thats always good.

Ideas are always welcome, despite the block in my brain I actually figured out the end of the story haha. So I will be steering towards from now on but that doesnt mean I cant stick an extra chapter in with an idea from you guys in. And dont worry im not ending it any time soon!

*041*2021-03-24 21:36

Chapter 10: Close enough

Squeezing her legs rhythmically Annabeth found herself staring out of the window, the green countryside had quickly been replaced by functional grey buildings. The bus was finally entering the city and nearing the university, but they were slowing down again.

It seemed that the closer to salvation they got, the longer it took to get there.

“Oh god, we need to get there soon or im not sure im going to be able to hold it.” Courtney whispered beside her. Her friend nearing her total capacity but still looking far more confident than many of the others, even with her admission.

“I know, im sorry. I just cant take any more out even thought I said I might be able too.”

“Its not your fault, its Monica that wont let the others stop anywhere.” She replied, almost as if she didn't consider herself needing to like them.

“we are almost there, we just need to hold on a few more minutes.” Annabeth tried to reassure her desperate friend and despite not blaming herself Annabeth knew Courtney was only in this position because of her.

“I cant hold on any more!” A shout came from ahead of them, a young research assistant was currently bobbing up and down at one of the tables with both her feet curled up under her. “We need to stop otherwise you are going to have to clean the bus.” she added, her arms folded defiantly across her chest.

“We are just a couple of minutes out” Phillipa said, a faint crack in her voice. Despite not being as full as many of the others due to her position at the front of the bus, it was clear she too was feeling a rather pressing need. It probably didn't help her control when everywhere she turned were desperate and groaning women.

“Control yourselves girls! And anyone who makes a mess in this bus will be personally paying to have the bus cleaned.” Monica said loudly, a few of the women letting out quiet whimpers now easy to hear from the idling engine in their now stationary position.

“Is there no way you can…incentivise her?” Courtney said, nodding towards Monica who was stood at the front of the bus. But scanning her bladder she too was already almost 80% and a position where she should have already been feeling a need.

“Im sorry, she is quite full, she just isn’t acting it.” Annabeth responded.

“Oh…I wasn’t serious anyway.” Courtney said before letting out an involuntary gasp. Her left hand quickly moved to squeeze between her tightly knotted legs. “Its ok, I can make it” she smiled back at her before turning and looking out of the window, a vacant look on her face reflected off it.

At least that’s one of you, Annabeth thought to herself as she scanned the most desperate looking women on the bus. They had been stationary for almost 5 minutes now, but it felt so much longer to her and she was sure the others. But as the bus lurched forwards she felt her bladder spasm and a number of desperate groans sounded around her.

“There we go ladies, just 3 more minutes” Phillipa said happily as they passed a sign for the conference they were attending.

But glancing across the isle at Gemma she saw the young women’s eyes widen for a moment and an almost impossible to see dark patch spread across the denim crotch of her jeans before a pair of hands blocked her view. Gemma was losing control and judging by many of the others, she wasn’t going to be the only one. A mixture of denial and panic creeping across the desperate bus goers as it travelled along slower than even the people walking past. Coffee shops passing by an inch at a time, their bathroom signs easy to see through the window and almost taunting them. Part of her was surprised that no one made a bolt for it, but maybe there was something else she could do.

Looking around outside the window Annabeth cursed at having taken the isle seat. From her position even as she craned her neck she was only getting fleeting views of passers-by. She was hoping to get even a momentary lock on a passing bladder, but she was having no luck. Either a car, another person or the target would enter a shop or move out of her limited vision. There was simply no way to get it to work and she could almost feel how close everyone on the bus was to losing control of their bladder because of her.

Taking a deep breath Annabeth knew she had to do something and as she looked down at herself then to Courtney she made up her mind. If Courtney could hold for her sake and to cover her mistakes, then she could do the same for the others. Her bladder was only 82% full and she would only need to take a few drops from the handful of women about to wet themselves, she could totally do this.

Locking onto Gemma she saw her bladder was at 97%, no wonder she had leaked. The coffee must have really been going through her, or maybe she just had a smaller bladder than some of the others. Beginning to siphon off some of her pent up pee it seemed the latter was true as she pulled 4% from the bursting red head and only filled herself 2%. Annabeth knew she had a reasonably sized bladder but to be twice the size of someone else's, she wondered how Gemma could survive day to day and more, why had she drunk the second coffee once she already knew she needed to pee!

Now hopefully out of the danger zone Annabeth moved onto Daisy, she was only at 87% so would probably be fine. Gemma’s compatriot seemingly having a larger bladder than her friend. Behind them two more PhD students were currently sitting with their hands locked to their crotches. Taking 2 % from both it left them at 92% which was high but hopefully manageable if Philippa was right about it only being a couple of minutes. The only issue was that Annabeth could feel her own skin stretching tighter and tighter with each additional %. Now she only had a tenth of her bladder left she was really feeling it.

The pain and discomfort inside her abdomen more than she could remember having in a while, the deep ache worse than it was even in Morocco. She doubted that her muscles at that time…those times, had been strained enough to feel tired or ache in the way they were now. They had been on this bus for hours and she had filled somewhat normally for the most part. Yes she had emptied herself into Courtney, but she had already been quite full and had simply replaced what was inside her to begin with. Or at least that was what she was hoping what was going on right now.

Squeezing her legs together Annabeth did her best to scan all of those in sight, making sure that none of them were about to wet themselves and also hoping that she would not have to take any more in. Those further away seemed to be better off, topping out at high 80% fullness, a desperate but manageable amount.

Peeking through the gap between the seats it took a few moments but she finally managed to get a read on the silent people sat one row ahead. The pair of them sitting rigidly and showing few signs of need, but their ears were burning red and she was sure if she could have seen their faces they would have been a picture of embarrassment and concern. Large cups of tea and hot chocolate filled the tray table, a bad sign that should have warned her not to look at their bladders, 98% and 97%!. Cursing under her breath she wished Philippa hadn’t come around when she did, not that it was really her nosy bosses fault.

Taking enough to leave them at 95% was a risk for all three of them, but hearing a groan from those in the seats behind her she knew there were at least two more people to go and this would already fill her to 93%, she just didn’t have a choice.

Feeling her bladder stretch and spasm again as she took in the extra load she let out an exasperated breath, rubbing her distended bladder as it painfully cramped. She could feel her muscles quivering inside her as she took them to the edge of her control. Closing her eyes for a moment she for some reason found herself picturing Joy at the airport, the poised woman showing few signs of desperation despite being completely full. Just the knowledge of it being possible filled her with hope for herself and the others around her.

“How are you doing?” Courtney asked again

“I’ll be ok as long as we get their quickly” Annabeth admitted, pursing her lips and looking out of the window again. Her legs now bouncing furiously on the floor as she tried to go at least one day without wetting herself…ignoring what had happened this morning.

Looking at the small mirror above her she focused on the two women behind her. She would have been worried about them noticing her staring but they looked beyond that point. One of them was currently curled up into a ball on her seat, her eyes scrunched closed as she breathed carefully to avoid any sudden movements in her body. She was at her very limit, while her friend seemed a little more composed, but her eyes were shut too. The woman’s hands rhythmically scrunching and balling into fists as she wiggled in her seat, her mouth furiously chewing gum in nervousness.

Locking onto her first she took out another 2% stopping as her bladder spasmed more painfully this time. She was playing with fire, each extra percentage moving her closer and closer to the inevitable accident that would follow. Would she even be able to make it to the toilets, what if there was a delay? She couldn’t think about that now, there was just one person left.

“Were here!” A happy sounding Daisy said as all the others eagerly looked around the bus.

Suddenly the curled up woman’s eyes opened and Annabeth looked down instinctively, kicking herself for choosing the other woman first. She didn’t know how full she was but being balled up on a seat like that wasn’t exactly a good sign.

But thankfully she could see their destination just a few hundred meters away.

“Oh god!” A nervous whisper came from behind her. The curled-up woman now sitting up, rocking in her seat as she looked around feverishly. One hand gripping onto the back of Annabeth's seat and the other between her vibrating legs. “I…I….I….” she muttered.

Now given a reason to look behind Annabeth had taken the chance to look at the woman’s bladder, her activities and groans attracting more than just her glances.

100%!...no 99%...98%, She was wetting herself!

The woman behind her was losing control slowly and in spurts, but it was clear now that she had straightened out. Her muscles were giving up after being forced to move, her previous foetal position had been the only thing holding it all in. How had she missed the woman earlier, only now was she realising that she couldn't remember taking any from her, maybe she had missed her if she had been curled up at that point.

“Ohhhh!” The woman groaned again, both hands pressing deeply between her legs that had stopped moving. Her knees pressed tightly together as she fought her body and bladder for control. Connecting to her Annabeth wasted no time, even 1 or 2% would help her out and maybe stop her from flooding the bus completely.

But as she began pulling liquid out she realised that the woman had a much larger bladder than she did, just 1% had filled her 3 and despite wanting to take more a powerful pulse forced her to groan and double over. The pain causing her eyes closing and the connection breaking involuntarily as her bladder contracted painfully inside her. She had pushed it to almost its maximum capacity and it wasn’t happy. Breathing deeply she knew there was just no way she could take any more and not outright wet herself. Gripping herself tightly through her trousers she felt her muscles trembling, tightened like strings ready to snap and let out the ocean of pee she was containing right into her seat.

Finally the bus came to a halt and many of those could sense their salvation was just a short walk away if they could make it. Many of them were looking expectantly around as if waiting for permission but hearing the doors hiss open was too much for Annabeth, she had to get out and get to a toilet now!

Standing quickly the world threatened to fall away from her, for a moment she went light headed but grabbing a seat head rest she forced herself to walk forwards. Those around her taking her example to stand and head towards the exit.

“Annabeth, I think….” Philippa started.

“Im sorry I’ll be right back” Annabeth stammered towards her boss who gave her a knowing look as she passed.

“Looks like someone had a little too much coffee” Monica couldn’t help but make a snide remark as she passed, a massive smirk on her face. “All these young girls need to learn some self control.” She added quietly as she remained seated, shaking her head as she went through her bag.

But Annabeth didn’t have time to defend herself or the others, she just had to pee and preferably in a toilet.

Clambering off the bus she started power walking towards the main building, joined closely by Gemma and a couple of the others.

Each step was pure torture for her body as the liquid inside her jostled around uncomfortably, her bursting bladder was being pulled and contorted by her movements as she hurried along. But she knew she wasn’t at her full capacity yet, she was close but despite how she felt, she knew she was capable of holding more. She had a quantifiable number to go on now, something that no one else did. While others may feel like their bladder could take no more, or like they were at their limit and so give in, she knew she wasn’t...just.

Surging up the main path towards the university reception she pushed the large doors open, but quickly scanning the room she didn’t see any signs for a lady’s room. But in front of her she saw a reception, a young student currently filling in a form or something behind it. But starting towards her Annabeth felt her muscles constrict again, but this time they were accompanied by a fierce heat and searing cramp that caused her to groan embarrassingly loudly. Moments later her quivering muscles gave up for a moment, a drop, just a drop of her pee escaping into her underwear. She had to get to a toilet now…or…

Feeling her muscles spasm again as she stood in the old and ornate looking reception area she knew she was all to aware she was but a moment from making a mess on what was probably an ancient rug, Persian if she had to guess. There was only one option.

Locking onto the student behind the desk as she carefully took a step forwards, her cheeks burning with embarrassment and exertion she heard the doors behind her open again as the others caught up. Her need had clearly been fuelling her speed and causing her to outpace many of the other desperate women following her.

But she ignored all of them, taking another unsteady footstep towards the woman at the desk she allowed her bladder to flow freely for a moment into the receptionist. The woman’s smile faulting slightly as a confused look filled her face as Annabeth filled her bladder rapidly.

Breathing a sigh of relief as she felt her bladder fall to blow 70% she severed the connection, her toes curling slightly in her boots as she relished in the relief.

“How can I help?” The woman asked, the others hurrying up behind Annabeth and forming a huddle around her.

“Toilet” Gemma stammered loudly, her voice cracking and a muscle bulging in her neck for a moment.

“Through that door, first left”

“Thank you!” They all said almost in unison as the rushed towards the ladies room.

To their relief there was no que, the bathroom large and with enough empty stalls for all of them to use. Finding herself a stall Annabeth quickly closed the door and pulled her trousers down, rustles of clothing coming from the other stalls. A moment later a chorus of groans and gasps filled the room, Annabeth’s included a moment before numerous heavy streams thundered into the line of toilets now being used. They had all somehow made it, or at least they had for the most part.

Looking down at her lilac panties Annabeth could see the slightly darker patch where she had leaked in them.

“Close enough” She whispered to herself as she let herself relax. The heavy streams of the desperate group continuing as their bodies sagged in relief.

Wiping a bead of sweat from her brow Annabeth heard the door open and a number of footsteps enter it, a couple going into stalls while through the gap under the stall she could see shadows shifting around in a desperate dance. In a weird way the silhouettes dancing in desperation caused by a body they themselves lacked was almost artistic in a weird way.

Finally her stream came to an end after almost a full minute, quickly wiping some paper towels in her underwear she did her best to dry them. Thankfully the damage wasn’t too bad and pulling them up she could barely feel any wetness.

Pulling up her clothes and adjusting herself she opened the stall, seeing Courtney currently bobbing on the spot but a clear smile appearing on her face as she rushed into the stall Annabeth had just used. Walking over to the taps she heard a heavy stream thunder into the toilet accompanied by another groan as Courtney emptied herself out. The thunderous jet easy to hear above the more usual and feminine streams from the other stalls, she truly had been at her limit.

“Sounds like someone needed that.” Daisy joked as she stood next in line, looking far happier than she had in the bus. Little did she know that in a way, it was her pee already thundering into the toilet beneath Courtney.

###

Here is the other half of what I was planning for the last chapter.

I hope you all enjoyed!

More coming soon and maybe, just maybe Monica might not have the driest of chapters.

