Request Any Story For Free

Author: Mclaren720s

*000*2023-09-30 15:40

**You can request any story you want, but I may not be comfortable with some. I write these all for free, so I have some boundaries. I may choose to not write something you choose, even if it is not on the list.**

1. Male Omorashi (unless it includes a female and includes mostly female omorashi)

2. Furry omorashi

3. Anything sexual, even if it’s just desperation, for people under the legal age.

4. Diapers

*002*2023-09-30 15:59

{{7 minutes ago, KyrenA said:

I'm learning to drive at the moment and it sparked an idea about a story involving a girl who was very nervous about learning, running late for her driving lesson with an attractive but stern and intimidating instructor (male or female, your choice) and she doesn't have time to pee before setting off for a two-hour lesson.

}}

I can start on that! You may need to check this thread since it won’t send you a notification once I’m done.

*004*2023-09-30 16:05

{{2 minutes ago, KyrenA said:

I'll keep an eye out! Glad you like the idea, I look forward to reading it 🙂

}}

Do you want this story in first person or third-person?

*006*2023-09-30 16:09

{{Just now, KyrenA said:

I quite like first-person for omo stories, but I don't mind either way if you have a preference for the perspective you like to write in!

}}

I can do first-person, in fact, I think it may be easier for me to do.

Sorry if it takes me a while to write this, starting the story is the hardest part.

*008*2023-09-30 16:57

Everybody in this story is 18+

I say “am” instead of “was”. This story is meant to be in the current time.

”Ughh” I moan, groggy, not wanting to get up. See, last night I was out partying, and I got really hammered. I lay in my bed, not wanting to get up. I feel my bladder wanting to release, and so I let out a quick leak onto my sheets. In my defence, my bladder is half full, and I don’t really want to get out of bed. As I move around my arms, knowing that I have to get up either way, my senses come in tact and I hear my roommate chatting loudly. I shout, “Ava, shut up. I’m trying to get some sleep.” Ava runs into my room, and asks me what I am doing here. “Brooke, I have a guy over. Your the perfect height, a beautiful blonde, and he thinks I’m slim. Wait until he sees you. He’s gonna try to pick you up and leave me in the dust. And trust me, I don’t want that to happen. We have some bondage thing going on tonight. He’s gonna tie me up and make me drink. Not that you need the details.”

”What do you mean? That won’t happen. And your right. I don’t need the details, and I certainly don’t want them.”

”Really? What about last time I had a guy over? Or maybe the time before? Besides, shouldn’t you be at your driving lesson? Your instructor is a real looker.”

Finally, it hits me. Both the coffee I had found next to my bed, and, the fact that I had a driving lesson scheduled for 5 minutes ago. “Damn it! I forgot!”

”You can make it. Besides, your somehow already dressed.”

I look down at my semi-dirty leggings and low-quality shirt. “Eh, I guess your right. I just really have to pee..” I replied. Ava does not seem to care. “Look, we have one bathroom, and my date is in there. So just get some water and get going.” Ava replied. I do as she says, and down a water bottle. I feel a jolt in my bladder, but choose to ignore it, since it’s my only choice. I bring an extra water bottle with me.

10 minutes later, my taxi drops me off at the driving school. I see my instructor, and he sees me. He does not seem to be gleaming with happiness. “Your 15 minutes late. Get in the car.” He demands. My instructor looks even better than he did in the pictures. ”Hey, I’m gonna use the restroom before we get going, if that’s fine…” I request.

”Nope. No restrooms here. You should know that by now.”

I feel a sharp yet arousing pain in my bladder, and feel aroused by the fact that I am being denied the restroom, even if it is just the way things work. “Alright. Move the car to the right and get onto the street. Once you do that, get onto the freeway. Today I will be evaluating your driving skill, as you should know.” I comply. For another hour, I was simply driving around. At this point my bladder is incredibly full. At least 70 percent. I start squirming and fidgeting around, with my hand dug into my crotch. “Hey! What the hell are you doing?” My instructor asks. “You need to have both hands on the wheel at all times!”

”Yes, sir.” I gulped. I had to comply. I start fidgeting around in my seat, and continued driving. My bladder is incredibly full. I suddenly see a speed bump, and have no choice but to go over it. I brace myself, but clearly not well enough, because my bladder let out a long spurt. I blushed, but the instructor did not notice I had just let out a huge spurt. That’s a good thing, too, since I would be charged for damaging the seat. As I continue my drive from hell, I try to build up the courage to ask the instructor for permission to pull over and relieve myself, yet I fail. I try to tell myself it will be alright, but I know the time on my bladder is ticking. I have not touched my water bottle yet, but the one I had finished in the apartment had caught up with me. I cross my legs for one second, careful to keep my attention to the light, hoping that green would come soon.

”Drive back to the school. You have proven to be a… good enough driver. You could use some improvement, though.”

As I pull into the parking lot, I see Ava waiting for me in her car. She had agreed to pick me up, since her date had to go to work. “Did you pass?” Ava asked me.

”Yes. And I think my bladder is about to explode. So let’s get a move on. Please.” Now that I am in the passenger seat, I squirmed, fidgeted, put my hand in-between my crotch, anything to make sure I can hold it in. “Wow, you really must need to go.” Ava analyses. “Wow, really? Your so smart!” Finally, we get into the elevator, and as soon as we get onto our floor, I realise I cannot move. If I move a single inch, I will wet myself. My muscles clench together, and I work up the courage to ask Ava to carry me in. “Hey, Ava, I’m about to wet myself, and I cannot move. Can you carry me in?”

“Ah, jeez. Fine. But you can never speak of this to anyone. Not even me.”

Ava puts her one hand on my butt, and on on my hand. Both of my hands were in my crotch. Ava tries to get her keys into the door, but fails, since she is holding me. All this chaos, and my bladder is about to explode. “Brooke.. why is my hand warm?”

I had wet myself. It felt so good to finally be relieving myself, my stream dripping down my leggings onto Ava. I moaned, rubbing my bladder, not caring that I was in the arms of my roommate. My stream finally died down, and Ava puts her hand in between her crotch. “I have had to go for a while actually, I just didn’t want to make you need to go more. And, it seems that we are locked out.”

”You are a good friend,” I responded. “You let me go in your arms. And I’m sorry for that. But I’ll tell you what. Nobody is here. Just sit on me and relieve yourself, but make sure to take your shorts off first. It will just look like I wet myself.

”Brooke, thank you.” She slid her panties off desperately, sat right on my lap, and relieved herself. I then noticed that the elevator had my instructor in it the whole time. Apparently he lives here.

@@sorry, the ending was pretty bad. I haven’t written in a while, and, if you look at my other works, they aren’t that great. I’m trying to improve, though! Thanks for your request, be sure to make some more in the future if you wish.

{{36 minutes ago, KyrenA said:

No need to apologise! Starting a story is absolutely the hardest part. Just have fun writing it, I'll look forward to reading it whenever it's done 🙂

}}

I have completed the story, sorry about the ending. I didn’t have many ideas, but I hoped it semi-worked out.

*012*2023-10-01 15:02

{{21 hours ago, KyrenA said:

@Mclaren720s

That was great! Enjoyed that she was turned on by the instructor denying her the toilet, that was the dynamic I was hoping for 😁 considering how quickly you wrote that it was a great read, good job and thank you!

}}

Thanks! It was a bit rushed haha but I’m glad you enjoyed it.

{{19 hours ago, Mickpick98342 said:

What about some sports wetting. Like volleyball? You don't see very many stories about women's sports wetting

}}

I would absolutely be open to that!

{{14 hours ago, howiwetyoumoth said:

How about Wonder woman (old costume ) fighting a witch but during the fight the witch curses wonder woman's star spangled panties to not come off for 24 hours and she has to hold it for for that long untill during a interview after stopping a forest fire she finally wets her self just before the spell end also causing her bottoms to slip down her legs leaving her crotch completly exposed and wet live on TV

}}

I can try that after I finish the volleyball request

*016*2023-10-03 01:47

Hey guys, I have tons of requests and I’m trying to focus on my priorities (which are not omorashi), so these requests may take a while to fulfill.

@@thanks for all your requests! You can still request!

I can do that

*019*2023-10-06 02:40

Yes, but i need a picture and description on what you want the story to be. If you dont have a picture, just do a quick sketch.

