Coming of Youth

Author: Meowth

*000*2017-02-18 08:46

Here is the original summary: A sortcore furry novella showing two sexually inexperienced young adults and their interactions as they learn about each other as friends, objects of desire, and lovers, through the exploration of their beliefs and their bodies.

I have this uploaded on a couple of furry sites, but I figured it would be appropriate here as well considering that it is omorashi oriented. This is maybe a year or so old, so the content of the writing is fairly embarrassing, but somebody asked me to continue an older, similar story to this called Ally

, so I decided to upload this instead. If you're interested in other furry omorashi stories--all of which are more recent and higher quality in terms of prose than this--please check the links in my profile that lead to my inkbunny and furaffinity accounts.

I will upload another chapter every few days, but all that is currently written for this is currently uploaded to my inkbunny and fa accounts. I will start with the first two chapters, since the omorashi does not begin until chapter two.

Chapter One:

"God... that feels amazing."

"It really does. Shame everyday can't be like this."

The wind smelled of pine and the beams of sunlight peaking through the leaves of the Tree helped off-set the cool weather. Each gust of wind caused an uproar, rattling the head of the Tree, and blowing leaves all about the woods to the west.

Xavier's hand lingered to his side, plucking blades of grass from their roosts. He twiddled his fingers together, crushing each blade into a tight ball, and tossing it to the nether. Next to him was a beautiful woman -- though he did not dare put his hands on her.

It wasn't as if he didn't crave. Grass was the last thing he wanted to feel between his fingers, but his hands remained between their hips, as he was not willing to risk something so special over greed and lust. All he needed was patience. She had become increasingly comfortable with him as their relationship developed, and he could tell that she wanted it too.

"Have you ever traveled?"

He looked over at her in response.

"Wait..." She looked at him and squinted. "Have I asked you that before?"

He chuckled. "I don't think so, but you might of. I could have forgotten... And to answer your question, I haven't. Well, unless you count here."

"Oh yeeeaaaah, you came down here from up north..." She looked back up at the sky. "You must be liking the weather even more than me."

"Oh, you can't even imagine."

"Not a fan of the cold?"

"I don't really think anybody is when you lived somewhere as cold I did... I am sure it is a lot nicer down here, though."

She looked at him with a look of excitement. "Our winters are great. I mean, you get your cold days, like, the kinds of days that you might even put on a jacket for, but honestly, it is just really nice most of the time. If anything, it gets too hot..."

"I've heard bad things about the summers."

"Ugh! The summers are terrible!

When he looked over, she was again looking at the sky. Reflexively, his eyes shot down her body, admiring it. He couldn't believe someone so real and down to earth could have a body like hers; like something out of a fantasy. His hand clutched the ground as he also turned to face the clouds. In his peripheries, he saw her look over at him. She examined him for only a few moments before looking back toward the clouds as well.

Xavier forced his mind back into focus.

"And what about you? Have you ever traveled." He turned to face her, this time stealing a glance of her body before looking to her face, in a means so rapid and inconspicuous it startled even him. "Wait.... Have I asked you that before"

She giggled. "No, I've never been anywhere other than here. I've been to the city before, but as you've seen, there isn't much going on there."

"Never seen any... skyscrapers, or anything like that?"

"Nope. Nothing even close. Unless you count movies and the internet and stuff. Biggest building I ever saw was for some bank building when we went to the city. Or maybe one of the hotels.... Either way, they were big, but they weren't really all that big."

"No, I know what you mean. I've never really seen anything that big myself."

"Even in the city?"

"Nah, our city didn't really have anything that impressive. I saw some decently large ones like you described pretty often, but they tend to... lose their oomf I guess."

"Did you ever stay in any of them? The hotels?"

"Have I ever stayed in a hotel?"

"You know! The big ones."

"Yes, I've stayed in big hotels."

"And was it on the higher floors?"

"That... I can't really remember. I was pretty young."

"... You answered my question like you had." She responded with mild annoyance.

"I answered the question that you asked. Nothing more. Nothing less." He smiled.

"Hmf."

"... And what about you?"

"What about me? Have I ever stayed in a big hotel? You should know I haven't."

"I should?"

"Yes. Why would ever have a reason to stay in a big hotel if I've never left the state?"

"I... suppose that is true." He squinted. "But its a little presumptuous."

"I disagree. Sometimes people should be presumptuous."

"... But then how do you disagree? You just said it is presumptuous."

"That wasn't my point. I was just saying that... presuming would have made more sense than what you did."

"What I did?"

"Yes, you took the easy way out. You could have assumed that I have never stayed in a hotel, it would have been perfectly reasonable."

"And was what I said not reasonable?"

"No, just spineless.".

"Well..."

There was silence following his verbal defeat. With anyone else, it would have been awkward, but with Erin there was a sense of mutual recognition, and they accepted it wordlessly. Each moment spent together was better than if it had been spent apart, and this was the only truth they needed to undo any degree of awkwardness that might linger.

They remained silent for a number of minutes. Xavier's focus shifted back to the atmosphere surrounding them. There wasn't anywhere he would have rather been.

"Xavier...?" A rare tone for her: inquisitive but cautious.

"Yeah?"

She paused for a few moments before speaking:

"Have you...?" Her voice quickly trailed off.

"... Have I what?"

"No... it's nothing."

"Nothing...? Are you sure? Because now you have me curious."

"It isn't important."

"Isn't important implies it is still a thing... You can't just leave me hanging. Come oooon."

She paused for a moment, before swallowing and looking over at Xavier. "Have you ever touched, like... a breast?" She bobbed her chin downward, as if she were motioning toward her own.

"Uh," he chuckled, "what?"

"Yeah, yeah, it was nothing."

"Oh. Oh, no. It was definitely something. It was extremely something."

"It really wasn't."

They were both silent. Xavier did not feel uncomfortable, but he could not confidently say for Erin; though his continuous staring at her made it abundantly clear the topic had not been dropped.

He sighed. "Honestly? No. I am embarrassed to admit that, but no, I've never touched... a breast."

"Oh." She had an uncharacteristic lack of emotion in her voice. "That's good."

"... That's good? Why is that good?"

She blushed. "Am I supposed to want you to have touched breasts?"

"I honestly didn't think you'd care." He laughed.

She didn't respond for several moments. Xavier worried he had offended her, but couldn't get an accurate read on her expression.

"Do you wanna touch mine-?"

"-Yeah, that would be awesome."

She looked at him, blushing harder, looking violated as she crossed her arms over her chest. "God, you didn't have to reply so quick."

He chuckled. "Sorry."

"It is like you knew what I was going to say..."

"I guess my mind just kinda honed in... Can you blame me?"

Their was a brief silence as the stealth compliment registered in her brain. He waited for her to follow up, worrying she would change her mind and retract the offer. But staring into the amorphous patterns of white and crimson that covered her black fur left him feeling hopeful and even confident.

She uncrossed her arms and adjusted herself, sighing as her face became emotionless. "Okay, I am ready."

"So, I can touch them?"

She licked her bottom lip nervously. "Yeah."

He swallowed heavily, hoping she did not overhear it. His hand balled into a fist as he wondered how he should do it. Was he to do it quickly? And in that display his politeness and restraint? Or would that in fact insist a lack of passion, and peg him as the unromantic type? Would he do it slowly, and savor the experience? Or would this land him a spot in her mind as lewd and disconcerting? Could he just ask her? Why did such a question feel taboo in the first place? How did such a pleasurable moment become a test of this personality? ...Or was it intended to be that?

He silenced his thoughts, knowing they had become presumptuous and absurd. There was only one answer to his question and it wasn't in his thoughts, but in his body. He lifted his hand, heart about to burst from his chest, and he placed it gently on her breast, taking note of the surprising softness of the fur in that area. Her eyes closed, and when he pressed down, she pushed back with her chest. He lightly squeezed, and she moaned to herself, quickly captivated by the moment.

Xavier figured they were no bigger than b-cups, but they matched her shape well. She had a fairly average build, but slightly bottom heavy, with hips and thighs that were large enough to stand out in intimate settings, but conservative enough to go unnoticed in casual ones.

He squeezed again and let his hand linger for several more moments before begrudgingly pulling away. When he removed his hand her eyes opened, and through a mask of red, she glanced at him, before quickly looking away. It was a candid moment for her, and with her permission, he had not only the right to observe it, but the pleasure of causing it. It was apparent through his experience that the social test he perceived was not for him, but for them, and the pressure had been equal for them both.

"Well?" She asked, seeming offended.

"It was amazing."

"... Good."

"It seemed like you enjoyed it too."

"Well..."

He took solace in his verbal victory, having equaled the score. But of even bigger concern was the question of what to do next-- a question that, strangely enough, had only just then occurred to him. Was he to pursue the obvious romantic que which had been dropped, or play the cool route and let things happen as they would?

And then, as if his current conundrum wasn't complex enough, there was the unspoken reaction of the heterosexual male in hand-to-breast situations. He was afraid to look down, feeling the tension quickly growing in his lower body --much to his dismay. She was not going to be the only one put in a directly vulnerable position that day, and no matter how he tried to relax himself, he knew once the process had begun, there was no stopping it.

Surely, she would notice it, and then what? Would she comment on it? Would she be pleased by the sight? Disturbed? Surprised? Or even stranger, expectant... Then again, maybe expecting it was the most normal thing a person could do. He pondered this, trying to think of way to avoid the awkward situation that was awaiting him when she inevitably noticed the extra half foot protruding from his body.

It was then he was struck with an epiphany, something that felt both comfortable and progressive, without being cliched -- but bold and not without its risks. He swallowed, knowing the next few moments, regardless of what he did, would be emotionally stressful; though in their stress he found a taste of something potent and enslaving, and so he took deep pleasure in this state, finding its rawness appealing.

"Hey, Erin."

She looked over at him curiously, with a glassy expression that was reflective, honest, and above all, fragile.

"Have you ever kissed a guy?"

Her eyes widened slightly and her lips parted. She quickly fixed her expression, catching her own candicy after the fact. She was left red and consumed.

"I..." She blinked. "I..." A smile crept on her lips.

Before she could answer, a wave of amusement seemed to come from nowhere and overtake her. She started off with stifled giggles, but they soon erupted into genuine laughter.

Xavier smiled for a moment, waiting to see if the apparent joke would dawn on him too, but when he did not laugh, he felt himself become unnerved. She seemed to realize her poor timing, because she forced an apology out between giggles, but soon fell back into a state of continuous laughter.

"Wow, that's pretty cold." He tried to sound cool, as if he had shrugged it off, but there was still a chill to his tone.

"No... No... I am so.... I am sorry." She was quickly getting herself back under control. "I really didn't mean it like that. I swear." She struggled to catch her breath. "That was just... Oh my God, Xavier, don't do that again, I almost freakin' peed myself."

"... Why?"

She looked at him with a sympathetic deadpan. "Look, it wasn't like... you or anything. It was just, the situation. It was too much. It's like... that happened so fast. And I mean, of all the things you could have said..." She smiled to herself in mock amusement.

"Oh. Well, I am sorry if I took it a little quick." He chuckled, trying to play his earlier offense off as tastefully as he could.

"No, no, it's not your fault. It was a really... sweet way for you to follow that up. And, I mean, there is a chance I would have started laughing from... anything. It's just, I didn't expect that at all!"

"... You didn't expect it? Well, if you didn't expect that, what exactly did you expect?"

"What did I expect?" She was taken aback. "You can't ask me something like that! What am I supposed to say?"

"What do you mean 'what are you supposed to say?'" He laughed. "Just answer honestly."

"And what if I didn't know what to expect? What if I kinda felt like... it wasn't my job to know what was next. " She blushed and turned away from Xavier.

"Oooh, I see. So all the pressure was on me."

"You're one to complain." She looked at him with an eye brow raised.

He laughed. "True."

"You've got a lot to learn, Xavier."

"Maybe. But it sounds like you do too, Erin. That expression you made when I asked, I kinda wanted to laugh myself."

She turned to him with a frown and smacked him on the arm.

"You should consider yourself lucky." She turned away again and crossed her arms.

"Oh, I do. I do."

"Oh? You do?" she glared at him with skepticism. "I wonder if its for the right reasons."

"... What if I said it was for all of them? Instead of just the right ones?"

She smiled softly and turned to face him. "Then I would say you're a fast learner."

*001*2017-02-18 08:48

Chapter Two:

Xavier found himself slightly unnerved from the sudden change in atmosphere. What was once the casual back and forth of friends hoping to become something more, was now the awkward diatribe of inexperienced teens unsure of how to accelerate their relationship. It was not a bad thing, but in only a few moments his social choices had become entirely more meaningful, and the idea of losing what he had was not a pleasant one.

It stood to reason he was just overreacting and was just emotionally overwhelmed by all that had happened, but at the same time he knew that even if the feelings would subside, that accountability would always be there, and with it, the stress of making a wrong turn.

"Crap." Erin writhed uncomfortably on the grass. "I gotta pee."

Xavier looked over at her, initially feeling at a loss for words. The atmosphere was becoming unpredictable.

"Oh yeah. You said something about almost peeing yourself earlier."

She didn't respond. She just bit her bottom lip and looked around the area, clearly worried.

"Is it bad?"

"... Not super bad."

"Ah. So it is bad."

She frowned. "... It isn't bad."

"Then why are your legs moving around so much?"

She looked down at her legs before responding with a worried groan, promptly lifting her knees into the air while keeping her feet on the ground. This lasted only a few seconds before she abruptly dropped them back down, despite having kept them pressed tightly together. Her spine straightened and their eyes met. She blushed.

"Must have been all the laughter."

"... Yeah, it wasn't this bad before. It got a lot worse after that... thanks."

"Like you're in any position to talk, having laughed at me."

She blushed harder. "True."

They were silent for several moments, while Erin continued to uncomfortably shift around.

"So, as cute as it is to watch you dance around like that, why don't you just go?"

She looked at him, confused. "Cute? What exactly is cute about this"

He paused for a moment, collecting his thoughts. "...I dunno. I guess its just... cute. Not something you see everyday. Kinda vulnerable, I guess... " Xavier blushed, not expecting to be called out. "But besides that, why not just go?"

"... Outside?" Her expression was complex, but the anxiety was straightforward as could be.

"Yes? Outside. Why not?"

"It's just.... I've never really... done it outside, I guess."

"...First time for everything?"

"I can't."

Xavier glared at her, as if an explanation was intended to follow.

"It's just... I don't know, it's weird, alright? I can't do it. I don't like it. I just... can't." She seemed tense.

"Alright, alright, it's fine..." He paused for a moment. "I mean, did you want to head back then?"

"Yeah, I think that would be a good idea."

They both got up without saying a word and started to head down the large hill where they had previously lounged. Xavier had trouble keeping up with her at first, however this only lasted for what felt like a minute. Her pace soon slowed down and her fidgeting came to an unremarkable end.

He was concerned that the laughter had tricked her into thinking she had to go worse than she did, and the combination of them up and moving had caused her need to go into recession.

His worries were put to bed as her pace slowly picked back up. After several minutes of speed walking, hip swaying, and steadily intensifying twitching, he heard her let out a soft groan as her hand rested on her lower tummy. Xavier observed it all with considerable focus, watching as she hesitantly slid her hand between her legs, imagining that her cheeks had to have been burning red. He felt guilty for staring so hard, but he couldn't help himself; the scene was too sublime to pass up.

"Shit." She looked down at her legs. "I don't know if I am gonna be able to hold it."

"Erin, it's fine, if something happens you'll already be outside, so it isn't a big deal. Don't look so worried."

"I don't want to pee outside, though." She whined.

"From the sound of it you might not have too much of a choice." He chuckled.

She went silent, and remained that way for several moments. They continued to move closer toward his house, where they would find the nearest toilet, but they were still quite far.

"Xavier?"

"Yes?" He responded, suspicious of her tone.

"Will you think I am nasty if I end up pissing myself?" She sounded as if she could burst into tears at any moment.

"No, of course not! If anything I will feel bad for making you laugh. After all, I kinda caused this; you can even blame me. Plus, I don't know why you're so... opposed to the idea of peeing outside, but it seems like it bothers you pretty bad, so I am not going to judge you at all."

She didn't respond. She just kept walking. Her pace was beginning to slow down as her strides got slower and more deliberate. Her hand had not left her groin since she placed it there. Xavier wondered if she even could without losing control.

Several more minutes passed, and with each one her squirming became a little more exaggerated. He had been speculating the different potential outcomes since she announced her urge under the Tree, but now he knew with confidence how things were going to turn out: at any point, possibly in moments, she was going to start peeing, and it was very possibly going to be on herself. He hoped that she did not try to block his gaze last minute by fleeing into the woods. He could follow her, but if she instructed him to wait there, he couldn't reasonably disregard her -- no matter how tempting the thought was.

"Oh no."

She stopped walking and placed both hands firmly against her privates.

"Oh, no, no, shit, its gonna come out, shit!" Her bottom arched out as she leaned in with her chest. Xavier watched on in disguised excitement, feeling guilty that he was enjoying her misery as much as he was, and regretting the gratefulness he felt toward her phobia of peeing outside.

Her body entire body grew tense. She bit her bottom lip and closed her eyes as she bounced up and down in rapid succession. Her eyes suddenly widened as her body started to relax. Xavier looked down and found her legs dry, but noticed her hands were rested on her thighs.

He looked back up and found her staring at him, still in shock, but entirely more composed.

"I just peed a little."

"You sound... surprised."

"...You just watched me pee myself a little. I am a little... caught off guard."

"Okay, that's fair enough, I can see that."

She sighed, and swallowed soon after. "God, I can feel it..."

"...How much did you pee?"

"It wasn't a lot... It isn't running down my legs or anything, but my fur is damp, like, around the thighs... Shit..."

Xavier didn't respond, he just watched Erin, her position still the same as before, likely afraid to move from the spot. She was looking down at her legs, making sure there was no visible damage from the front, but her eyes caught something across from her, and Xavier immediately took notice.

"Uh... Xavier?"

Xavier inhaled deeply, as he knew what was coming.

"Why do you still have an erection?"

He looked down at the stiff protrusion coming from his waist, something that in all the commotion he had nearly forgotten about. It was not normal to maintain an erection for so long, specifically when nothing of a sexual nature had gone on for some time. Meaning he could either try copping out with a lame excuse she would most likely not believe, or tell her the truth.

"Oh, uh," he went silent. "I am not sure how to answer that." He cringed as all chances of an excuse went out the window with his hastily assembled response.

"...Answer honestly."

She certainly had a way of turning things around on him.

"Uhhhh..."

"Am I turning you on right now? Like, with this?"

"... Maybe a little bit, yes. Or, more than a little bit."

"More than a little bit?"

"Yeah." Xavier nodded at her, knowing his cards were all on the table. "A lot a bit."

"A lot... a bit..." She stared at him, as if she was processing what he was saying.

"Yes?"

She winced as she went to hold herself and her hands made contact with the damp fur between her legs.

"What exactly... turns you on? About this, I mean?"

"Uh, well, I guess I just... really like seeing you needing to go. It's really hot watching you, like, dance around and stuff..."

"Oh."

"Yeah, I hope that doesn't... creep you out, or something."

"...It's fine, it's not that weird. I mean, not to say it's weird at all..."

"No, no, I understand. It is weird." He laughed. "But, I don't mean any harm with it, obviously."

"I would hope." Her growing desperation was apparent with the increasing tension in her voice. "So, do you like it when... girls wet themselves? Or is that too much?"

"I do enjoy that. I mean, it isn't the focus, but I enjoy it... I like it as a result. Y'know, to you needing to go. And... maybe on its own depending on the circumstances and my mood."

"So you specifically like it when a girl has an accident?"

"Uh, yeah, that pretty much sums it up."

"Oh, thank God. That's good. That's actually really relieving."

"Thank God?"

"Yes, thank God. I was really worried... that... shit it's... It's really bad, oh my god." She bounced up and down in rapid succession, just like before. "I am just glad this isn't disgusting to you or something. I was just a little worried... about that." Her speech had become fervent.

"I am just glad you're so okay with this..." Xavier spoke as her eyes suddenly got wide and her lips separated. "I was a little worried tha-" Her body lurched forward. He was cut off by a faint hiss -- one that manifested surprisingly quick.

Erin looked him in the eyes for a moment, but soon redirected her gaze to the same place he was looking. She stood with her butt arched out and legs stuck together, just as she had before; except this time, the backs of her legs quickly became saturated and her eyes started to water. It wasn't until her legs were completely soaked and this image of her had been completely burned into Xavier's mind that she felt capable of straightening her spine and spreading her legs . When she got her bearings, she looked up and saw Xavier brazenly watching it happen from behind. She wanted to say something, but did not have the energy, and at the same time, figured him enjoying it was a lot better than him being disgusted.

He glanced up and looked at her face, admiring the expression of intense pleasure as she watched urine fall directly from between her thighs to the grass below, little streams running down the backs of her legs.

As the stream slowed down to a trickle, she stepped forward to find a dry spot to stand, having turned her previous location into a small puddle. The trickle lasted for several seconds, but the exact moment when she stopped going was unclear from Xavier's perspective. When she closed her legs, her fur was still dripping.

Despite the trickling lasting a good bit, the overall accident was relatively short. Xavier couldn't help but wonder if her bladder was small, or possibly overly sensitive, and whether or not she was partial to these sorts of things. If not accidents, desperation and close calls. He didn't wish anything foul on her, but guiltily took pleasure in the possibilities.

"Oh my God. I feel so much better." She sighed with relief. Her head was glowing red and she appeared disturbed by the feeling of moisture when she brought her legs together.

"Wow."

"...I am really sorry for that, I just couldn't hold it anymore I didn't think it was going to get so bad so fast."

"No, it's fine! I am not judging." He chuckled. "Feel free to do that as often as you want."

She chuckled back, sounding tired. "I will try not to... Anyway, lets hurry back so I can get cleaned up." She led the way.

"...You will try, eh? Does that mean this happens often?"

"You mean that I wet myself? No, I do not normally pee on myself." The matter-of-fact voice made a return, though, considering the circumstances, Xavier knew there were far less desirable tones she could be taking on.

"Ahh, I figured..."

She stopped walking for a moment and tried to examine her backside. With her pelvis leaned forward, she turned her head and looked over her shoulders at the backs of her legs.

"... I mean, I guess I do kinda have a lot of close calls..." She started walking again. "God, all over the backs of my legs..."

Xavier nodded. "Yeah, you're definetly a bit wet. Your legs were kinda caught up in the crossfire there for awhile... And what's this about close calls? How close?"

"Well, you know, close calls... I generally stay pretty hydrated. And on top of that I guess I just... hold it sometimes? Or get put in situations where I can't go, sometimes after holding it. I mean -- like I said -- I don't usually wet myself... I just kinda get close, sometimes... Wish I had a towel or something."

"... Usually?"

She sighed. "Okay... I do have accidents... sometimes," she seemed to find great difficulty in admitting it to him. "It does happen; usually when I am alone and not taking it serious. I try to be extra cautious around people, though... for obvious reasons. But it doesn't happen a lot! Its a rare thing... Like, what just happened here isn't normally what happens."

"...Huh. That's... good to know."

"I am glad it pleases you. At least it is pleasing somebody."

He chuckled. "I know my interests are a little evil."

"Yes, but I guess they're kinda nice too. Like with what just happened. Thank you for being so cool about it, by the way."

"No need to thank me! It was a pleasure."

Nothing was said for several minutes. The smell of urine lingered in the air, but it was faint. Xavier's eyes remained glued to her backside, looking up only to make sure he had not been spotted staring at her. When he was feeling bold, he even moved his head to get a better view.

"Xavier."

"Hmm? What's up?"

"...If you want to look at me, just ask. You don't have to keep trying to glance behind me."

He blushed. "Oh, uh, sorry. That was rude... didn't really think you'd notice." He chuckled awkwardly.

"...Geez, honest to a fault..."

Their walk continued in silence. Xavier wondered if she was actually going to make him ask, but before he had a chance, she stopped.

"Okay. Stand there." She walked forward and stood with her legs together. Several moments went by as she mentally prepared herself, and in one motion that resembled the quick removal of a bandage, she spread her legs, giving him a full view of both her lower body and her accident. The fur was matted down, exposing and sticking to the flesh beneath. Some of it was still wet enough to drip, but it happened slowly, and normally just ended up running down one of her legs. In a surprisingly generous motion, she lifted her butt up, making sure he got to see the full spectrum of her body; he paid close attention to the display, suspecting that asking to see again would be in poor taste, no matter how tempting an idea it was.

Xavier admired his brazen partner, respecting her wholesomeness, but also enjoying her clear desire to meet expectations and break the rules in the process. In that moment, he acknowledged how special of a person she really was.

"Damn." Xavier felt a strong urge to touch himself.

"So it doesn't gross you out at all?"

"... How could it?" He continued to stare, not even making eye contact with her.

"I could think of a few reasons..."

"I doubt you'll convince me."

She looked down at the wet parts of her fur. "God, that's embarrassing." She closed her legs and motioned for him to join her. "Come on, I need to shower -Oh crap! I wonder if I can hide this from my mom..."

"You could always come to my house... nobody is home..."

*004*2017-02-22 06:30

{{On 2/18/2017 at 9:05 PM, herinfinitedesp said:

FYI I definitely can't find your FA or linkbunny info on your profile here.

}}

It's under "About Me"

Chapter 3:

Xavier reached under the doormat, grabbed the key, and slipped it into the deadbolt of his front door. He led Erin inside, her eyes darting back and forth to verify that what he said was true.

"See? What did I tell you? Coast is totally clear."

"Thankfully... Not sure how I am supposed to explain this one."

"You could always try and hide it. You're only wet from the butt down." He led her upstairs.

"'Only the butt down.'" She mocked.

"I meant you can only see it from behind."

"...I am pretty sure if they somehow didn't notice my legs were soaked, they would suspect something when they smelled the pee." She followed Xavier into his room.

"Just trying to be positive. Doesn't matter anyway, you don't have to explain it to me. I was there -- thankfully. Oh, and you can get a shower now."

"Oh wow. You have a private bathroom -- shower and everything... Pretty ritzy." She walked in and stood in front of the toilet.

"Yeah, well, don't get too excited. I am not exactly rich. We bought the house a long time ago. Though, I will admit it is pretty nice -- especially the part about having a private bathroom."

"Hmm, yeah, I wish I had something like this..." Her weight shifted from foot to foot impatiently.

"... You okay?" Xavier squinted at her.

"Yeah, I'm fine, just gotta pee... Now close the door, before we have a repeat of earlier."

"What? Already? That was fast. I haven't even gone once yet... And what? I can't keep the door open? That's a bit of a let down..." He teased.

She bounced up and down.

"Xavierrrrr... come on."

"Alright, alright," he chuckled. "I will leave you alone." He closed the door and went to sit on his bed.

After having fondled her breast and witnessed her accident earlier in the day, his lower body was unusually sensitive, and seeing her fidget in front of the toilet was all it took for him to get hard. Release was something he desperately needed; but while masturbation was a tempting prospect, he didn't dare succumb to the urge.

As long as he stopped when the shower was cut off, he reasoned there was little chance of getting caught, but if something went wrong and she did catch him, he had no idea what he would say. Not to mention the fact that if he didn't finish, it would likely only make his situation worse, giving him testicle pain he would have to bare for as long she stayed.

But still, it wasn't as if he had anything else to do. The bottom part of his body was throbbing, and considering all the things that had happened, the allure to touch himself at least a bit was overwhelming. He licked his lips and tried to redirect his thoughts, but Erin in a myriad of positions and situations crossed his mind, and the indulgence of fantasy was ultimately too gratifying to deny.

The urge intensified by the moment, and when he finally heard water splattering against the porcelain of his tub, his hand seemed to move on its own, sensually sliding down his body in a way that let him savor the rare levels of sexual arousal he was expericing . When it reached his erection, the sensations were not as strong as he had expected -- in fact, he was slightly numb -- but he found the warmth of his hand satisfying. He stroked himself slowly, feeling a different kind of warmth coming from his testicles, rising up to his member.

Suddenly, he heard the doorknob to the bathroom rattle. It opened as his hand snapped to his side. He couldn't tell if he looked suspicious or not, but at least he had managed to conceal his actions when she appeared, halfway hidden behind the door.

"Do you have a towel or something I could use?" She initally looked him in the eyes, but toward the end of her question she was staring at his groin. His extra appendage was again hard and pointing in her direction.

"Uh, yeah, of course. They're, um, under the sink, actually. They're all fresh."

"Oh. Okay, perfect. Thank you." She went to close the door, but left it several inches ajar.

Xavier squinted at the door, confused.

He could not tell if it was a que, or if she just liked teasing him with mundane things -- it would not have surprised him, either way. Or was it possible she knew that he had been touching himself? Was such a notion even possible? He had been silent and his hand had definetly been out of sight when she appeared.

Xavier sat on the edge of his bed awkwardly, listening to the goings on in the bathroom, noting the moment the sound of water splattering on porcelain became water rinsing off a beautiful girl.

At that point, touching himself was out of the question. However, other options now presented themselves, and all of them were equally troublesome. He wondered if he was supposed to remain where he was, which was by far the safer option; however, it carried the risk of missing out on something special, and god forbid his perceived disinterest offended her. He also had to consider the possibly that she was only teasing him, and attempting to peek or make any kind of move toward her would be taken as perverse. Could it have been a test of some kind?

He thought back to their moment earlier that day, where he had been given permission to touch her breast. Possibly the same methods used to determine how he went about touching her then could help him decide what to do in his current predicament.

He consulted his instincts and felt an immediate compulsion to stand up and walk to the bathroom, though there was a strong, mental apprehension that stopped him, something he perceived as reasoning. The problem was that he could not find a balance between mind and body, because his mind and body both wanted both things at the same time -- both of them putting value into immediate self-satisfaction, as well as securing future satisfaction, and both of them recognizing the logic to both issues.

He sighed. Clearly, she had left the door cracked for some reason; there was little chance it was a mistake. Whether that reason was something bold or something subtle was the real debacle. Maybe if he found a way to do both things: to approach her, but do so in a way that was unassuming and elegant...

He stood from the bed and approached the bathroom door. He swallowed as he neared it, knowing a very wet and very attractive girl was not far from him. A misstep could be catastrophic.

"Erin?"

"...Yeah?"

"I was wondering if I could come in to pee real fast. I won't peek or anything."

There was a brief moment of silence. "Uh, yeah, that's fine. You can come in."

His heart was throbbing against his chest as he entered the room.

"Wow, you have the water hot, don't you?" It took him a moment to acclimate to the sudden change in humidity.

"That's okay, right? I don't want to use up all your hot water."

"No, no, you're fine. I am sure the water heater will heat up some more. " He chuckled.

"I would hope so."

He stood in front of the toilet and swallowed, wondering if awkward silences were going to become a common thing for them. He lifted up the toilet seat, and felt the urge to urinate, but nothing was happening. Despite how deliberate and cautious he had been, his plan fell through the moment he looked at the very part of his body he had been touching not long ago. He was still hard, and standing next to Erin while she was showering, even if there was a shower curtain between them, was not helping.

"Xavier?"

His eyebrows rose in surprise. "Y-yes?"

"...Uh, so, this is... this is gonna sound really weird, but... I mean, you saw me, kinda wet myself earlier, and so you've seen me... go."

He felt as if he could hear the nail biting in her tone.

"So... could I maybe... watch you go? It's just, I've never seen that before. It doesn't really turn me on, but... I'm curious."

Xavier swallowed. "Oh." He looked down, his erection showing no signs of letting up. "Uhhhh, you can... try?"

"I can... try?"

"Yeah, well, uh, I am kinda having some... trouble, at the moment."

"Oh... Oh! Do you mean, like, the other thing?"

"The other thing? No...? I'm not sure if I understand, but just... just look out the curtain, you can look."

She peaked out the shower curtain, eyes initially meeting his, but bouncing back and forth from his face to his privates at a slightly discomforting speed. Her expression softened after a moment of realizaiton.

"Oooooh."

"Yeah, kinda forgot about this..."

She looked at him incredulously. "You forgot?

"Yes, I forgot, okay?"

"How do you forget that...? It is attached to your body."

"I didn't like, forget. I always... remembered it was there. It's just, I don't know! I had a lot to think about is all. I have you in here showering with the door cracked and I am just sitting out there wondering what I am supposed to do..."

"...Do you even have to pee?"

"Y-yes, of course! Why else would I be in here?" Xavier blushed.

"You tell me..."

"Because I have to pee."

"And you still have to pee, even though you're... like that?"

"Well, yeah, of course."

"...Does having to pee turn you on?"

"No, not really. I mean, not... normally. I guess it can, but that isn't happening now."

"Oh. So... are you uncomfortable? Like that, I mean." She stopped looking up at his face, and kept her eyes on his privates.

"I don't know if 'uncomfortable' is the word to describe it."

"But... hmm." Her expression became troubled.

"What are you thinking so hard about?"

"I don't know..." She voice trailed off for a moment. "It's just, I was thinking maybe if you didn't have that... issue, you could go. You know, like, go."

"Yeah, I guess I could... But, there isn't much I can do about it."

"... There isn't?"

Xavier looked at her, mimicking her deadpan from earlier in the day.

"...What?" She frowned.

"There are options. Unless of course, you want to take care of it..."

She frowned harder and scoffed. "No, I'm not really into romantic types... What I meant was that maybe you could..." Her glare intensified, as if he was not catching on to something he should have been. "You know, like, take care of it yourself?"

He squinted. "You're telling me to masturbate?"

"I'm not demanding it! But, jeez, you've been like that for so long... And I can't watch you pee until it is gone."

"So you want to watch me pee that badly?"

Her cheeks reddened and she looked away from Xavier entirely. "Not really..."

"Then why..." His voice trailed off as he realized what she was insinuating.

"I mean, you saw me pee on myself... That was really embarrassing and you really enjoyed it. Seems only fair that... I would get to see something too."

"So you... want me to masturbate in front of you?"

She nodded, still not looking at him.

Xavier paused and looked down at his erection, still hard with no signs of change. The prospect was lewd, not to mention unexpected, but it was also an opportunity he could not pass up, at least without forever hating himself.

After several moments of silent contemplation, he placed his hand on his member and started to stroke it, slowly, not sure of the proper way to start off. When her eyes peered back in the direction of his lower body, he felt himself flex in his palm, turned on by her presense and by the blatant way she watched him.

She looked up and met his eyes, catching him staring at her, in the very same blatant fashion. They both looked away, having caught each other in candid moments. He looked back at her, and she proceeded to watch him, occasionally looking up at his face.

He watched her head tilt down as she looked at her own body in the shower. It had not caught his attention the first time, but she did it again, this time for a longer period. He pondered it for a moment.

"... Are you touching yourself?"

Her eyes widened and her head jolted, looking at him in surprise. He immediately derived his answer from her reaction, and she seemed to perceive this, as she did not verbally respond, and instead directed her gaze back to his lower area, looking at it intently, eye lids heavy and her face looking hot.

Xavier thought back to earlier in the day: the touching of her breast, the laughter at his corny line, all the moments they had shared together. He remembered the accident and all of its details; like the way it had ran down her legs and the expression she had made. Even more was the way she whined about her need and danced around, trying to delay the inevitable.

He pictured her on the other end of the shower curtain, wondering what she looked like, totally exposed, fur clining to her wet flesh. Despite having touched her breast, he still had not seen it; and even though her bottom area had gotten quite wet from her accident, it seemed she wiped the fur across her privates while he wasn't paying attention, to make sure he didn't see anything he wasn't supposed to when she put herself on display. Her conservative side was as tantilizing as it was maddening.

"Erin..." He continued to stroke himself.

"... Yeah?"

"Would it be okay if... I got to see a little bit of you...? It is okay if you aren't comfortable with that, but it would be helpful."

"... You want to see me wet?"

He nodded. "Yeah."

She looked to the side and bit her lip.

"It's okay if you're uncomfortable with it. It's been a long day."

"Well... considering the circumstances... Maybe you could just, feel me again?"

"...You'd be okay with that?"

"Yeah, I just don't know if I am ready to show you my body yet."

"That's fine." Xavier was slightly confused, feeling as if touching her breast was a much bigger deal than actually seeing it exposed; but at the same time, he was in no position to question her methods.

Before he could ask how she wanted to do it, she pressed her breast against the shower curtain. Xavier quickly caught on. He touched himself with his right hand as he reached for her chest with his left. He placed his hand on the shower curtain and pressed forward, trying to get his hand firmly around it, but the curtain was thick.

He chuckled. "I don't think this is gonna work... But it's okay. You don't have to do that. You've done a lot for me today."

"Oh... Hmm..." She went silent for several moments, appearing to think deeply as she watched him pump away. "What if you... closed your eyes?"

"... Hmm, yeah, I guess that would work. How am I supposed to like, find your breast?" He stared at her face, but she kept her gaze on his masturbation.

"What if I took your hand and led it there?"

Xavier thought about it for a moment. Without responding, he extended his hand toward her, waiting for her eyes to meet his. Once their eyes met, he slowly shut his eyelids and turned his head to face forward.

His hand remained suspended for several moments, but he remained patient, feeling the nervous energy oozing out of Erin.

"... You're not going to peek, right?"

"No need. This is gonna be great enough on its own." He chuckled.

There was silence, but after a few moments he felt her hand on his wrist. She pressed it against her body and he could immediately tell he was on her upper chest, near her shoulder. She led his hand down slowly, que'ing him to be considerate with his touching. He felt a soft mound fill his hand as her chest seemed to reflexively push into him. Her nipple poked gently into his palm, and in his other hand, his erection stiffened, the warm sensation in his lower parts growing stronger.

After several moments of slow groping, Xavier's eyes cracked open. He quickly closed them, regretting having gone back on his word, but the moment the image of her had processed in his mind, his regret was replaced with a taboo thrill that almost made him smile. She was standing there with her eyes closed, and her lips parted an inch, cheeks blushing red.

Much to his surprise, she had moved the curtain in a way where she exposed her entire chest, instead of just the breast he was touching, leaving him with a glimpse of her bare nipple. Her lower part was covered by the curtain,but it terminated before the end of her hip. This left a bit of her leg exposed, only inches being needed for her to be completely unveiled. He could also tell by the way the curtain loosely hung that she was not clutching it, leaving her with a free hand.

She likely did not realize how exposed she was, and she most certainly did not know that he had peeked. Even if she had suspected it, it brought him peace of mind to see that she could feel that level of comfort and pleasure around him -- which helped him feel better about peeking in the first place.

He felt a strong urge to walk over to her and embrace her. He knew that if he tried to kiss her in that moment, failure was not possible, or at least he could not imagine it being so. But the thought was exhausting and scary, and even seemed to turn him off when considered too deeply. It was, after all, many first times for them both, and the emotional roller coaster ride was as fun as it was overwhelming; and with that he felt imagination would have to suffice for the night, as he could not imagine where kissing would realistically lead them.

"Erin..." His face was growing hot and his breathing beginning to pick up. "I am gonna finish."

"... Already? That was fast."

"D-don't... say that."

"Oh, sorry. I... didn't mean anything by it."

"It's fine." Xavier's eyes opened, his assumption being she had covere herself at least a bit.

Immediately, his eyes went to her exposed breast, and her eyes went to him. He felt her chest expand as she clutched the shower curtain and gasped. In a moment, she had covered her exposed parts, all except the area of her chest held in his hand. She pursed her lips, staring at him with wide, glassy eyes.

"Oh, sorry." He chuckled. "But that was kind of hot."

"Glad you're enjoying youself..." She frowned.

"You're just... turning me on more." His smile faded as he felt himself entering the throes of orgasm. "Are you touching yourself?"

"Not anymore, no."

"...Could you?" He looked over at her.

She nodded. "Okay," she whispered, but loud enough so she could be heard over the shower. "I am doing it."

"Yeah..." Xavier was out of breath. "I could tell by the look on your face."

She blushed harder and nibbled on her lower lip some more. Her eyes went back and forth between Xavier's bottom and top.

He slid his hand down her chest slowly, exposing her nipple and bare breast, gently pushing it up and squeezing the perimeter with his extended fingers. Her eyes closed for a second in embarrassment, but she did not stop his advancement. Xavier's face flushed red as a spike of pleasure traveled from his testicles to his penis. His lips separated as semen shot out, landing in the toilet, on the bowl, and even a bit on the floor. He closed his eyes, but he could feel her fascinated gaze eye'ing him down.

When the pleasure faded, his expression softened and he pulled his arm away from her chest. Promptly, she covered herself. He struggled to catch his breath, and instead of forcing himself to speak, he stood in silence, pumping away for several more moments, his frequency and speed rapidly decreasing to a slow, delicate glide.

"Wow..." She was staring at his groin, even more intently than before.

"Yeah, that's what I was gonna say."

"Thanks for... letting me watch."

He chuckled. "Thanks for helping."

