Omowatch (overwatch omorashi fiction)

Author: Metal Gear

*000*2016-05-21 03:30

Hello world, first of all I'm not really a writer. I am however massively hyped for overwatch, which is this really cool game with these amazing characters. Now overwatch needs more love on this site, and for awhile I was thinking of making some requests. But hey why not give it a shot, what do I have to lose? Please let me know what you think of my writing, I kinda want to keep this thread for future stories with the different characters. So requests of characters and styles; I'm all ears. I also might change my writing style so expect alot of variety. Anyway with that out of the way.

###

Tracer aka Lena Oxton

Age 23 (26 in game but this is a prequel story)

Height 5'4

2/24/2070

Dear New Diary, Hello! I am nervous, and excited, a little nervous, and excited! Okay, my last diary ran out of paper so you are gonna be my adventure novel. And boy what a time love, you wouldn't believe it! So where do I start, working at the royal air force I always felt like I was some kind of hero ya know. Well not a hero persay, but come on I used to pretend to be right. Growing up as a kid you would turn on the news and BAM, "overwatch saves (Blah blah blah) from the evil robotics".

I never thought I could be one of them but every day I train my hardest to be some sort of hero. I dropped out of school when I saw the commercial. "Royal Air Force, saving the world in style", and what could I say that's a cheese filled custard of a slogan. But flying, flying sounded like something I would love to do. Kind of be like Mercy ya know, flying through the air and making real change. So I train at 17, and by 23 here I am with all the metals they could throw at me. Which isn't fun *whispers* they are heavy you know.

So what happens tomorrow; well they choose me, yeah that me! Overwatch has this crazy new aircraft called the "slipstream" which is supposed to be like the fastest plane ever made. Some call it a teleporter and it's half right... who am I kidding I'm gonna fly faster then superman! While I wouldn't say I officially overwatch I am like in the same ballpark. It's literally a dream come true, and I'm super nervous diary. I've brushed my teeth 3 times, I've fixed my hair longer then a prom queen, I have become so prepared I'm unpreapred to come up with reasons I'm not prepared. HAHA! Oh Diary what's that? You wanna come too? Well I'll bring you along, I gotta draw pictures of the heroes oh my god! I could scream!

?/?/2071-2073

Well that didn't quite work out as expected. Where do I start, ah I know the place. So the slipstream might not have worked.... entirely well. But hey mistakes happen, we've all been there right. Well right now I'm in some room in the overwatch lab, I can see Winston studying me through the glass. I don't get how they got me here, from what I've seen in the footage (while I am stabled down and all) is that I might.... sorta.... kinda.... maybe be between 2 realities. Or stuck in the space time or something, I don't know for sure. Every second that passes feels so fast, I think like a minute is like a day or something. But I still see that adorable scientist ape friend of mine, everyone else seems to have given up on me but not that guy. That guys a real friend. He also seems to have found a way to get me some clothes on, I've been wearing my pajamas from home ever since I woke up here. So that's progress, I'm not too blue about things right!

I do have a little, tiny problem though. I kinda, maybe, well..... I gotta pee really badly as I write this. There's a toilet in here sure but I don't know if he could see me, and even then I couldn't really go in this state anyway. But it's been building, my bladder has really been growing quite slowly. But I... I feel as though I could, maybe wee a little. I'm in a bad place do I use this toilet, or do I wait for the cure. You know what I'm gonna hold it, no matter how hard it gets I believe in Winston. He wouldn't let me down!

8/15/2073

Winston is a lifesaver! He gave me this iron man looking that that allowed me to ground my self in time. He looked right at me and said "You're Home Tracer".... tracer was my nickname at the Royal Air Force, but winston saying that put a tear in my eye. I gave the monkey a giant massive hug and he filled me in. Short version I was stuck in time, and I'm back; YAY! But more then that he wanted me, yes that me to join overwatch. OMG!!!!! I didn't think I was worthy, he told me my heart and my willingness to do what is right is why I should be on the team. I hugged him even tighter (although I'll admit I did kinda have to pee really really badly). But then there it was, he made a suit just for me. The suit controls that time do whats its and lets me zip faster then any plane could ever do. I was given these cool orange leggings with straps to keep them tight, 2 arm thingys for my pistols (oh yeah pistols!), and my old jacket from back in the day.

I wish the story ended there but we kinda gotta talk about the elephant in the room. He wanted me to try it on, and I changed... there wasn't a toilet in the change room. The very first thing I did when I tried on the coolest suit in the world.... well you have to understand somethings love. First I had to go, bad. I had to go like when I was a second grader in class, I could feel my squirt in my panties every step I took out of the changing room. I kept trying to fight it, I even tried hiding it by oh so subtlety pushing against my bladder while we talked. But my first attempt warping I feel to the floor and peed full force.

I could feel the warmth spreading everywhere, down into my panties and into my leggings. And having ruined this moment, of being let in the overwatch and all this stuff he did for me I felt so bad I just started crying. It was literally second grade all over again, and I'd never been so embarrassed. Winston smiled and handed me goggles. "let no one see you cry again Lena, you're overwatch, and that means you are a hero"

After that elephant the day was awesome! We tried out the suit, I met more of the heroes. Some of them were a little.... ya a charming but I would warp through the room and hug each and every single one of them. I ended up hugging Pharah the hardest because OH MY GOD she's just so cool! We did some training exercises and I beat the time record for the main course. Overall, pretty cool day I would say. Dreams literally came true, speaking of dreams I'm off to bed. I've been told there might be some side effects coming back from the stream and all that but I shouldn't worry.

8/16/2073 Bedroom Camera Transcript Analysis

Our hero is sleeping in her pink fuzzy pajamas and her blue tee-shirt. At 1 33Am we hear talking in her sleep.

"Winston I'm sorry, I don't think I can..... sorry heroes I..... I'm about to...."

Our hero begins to toss and turn the blankets off herself in her sleep and rub..... (what would you call that corporeal) her "special place".

"No..... please don't laugh, don't laugh at me, I'm sorry I.... oh no, I'm sorry. I'm sorry"

Our hero begins to wet herself on the bed, slowly at first medically filled up the bed. (off record it's amazing how much such a little girl can hold, look at all that. And she's sleeping right though it)

Our hero wakes up once again with tears in her eyes, she puts on the goggle. The side effects of time travel appear to be nightmares and a small badder. She'll fit right in.

Transcript filed

*004*2016-05-24 21:55

Thanks very much guys! I'm thinking of writing a second but I'm trying to think of which character. Any requests?

