Lena Luthor's Pride

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2018-07-07 02:40

Lena Luthor was prideful, elegant and most of all confident. She knew what she wanted and how to get it. Being one of the richest, if not THE richest, people in National City, maybe also the world, came with perks. One of them was knowing Supergirl. Their brief talks had built them somewhat of a friendship, but Lena wanted more. The Kryptonian showed visible signs of wanting more too, whether it was the slight shakes in her knees when they spoke, or a little voice crack when she attempted to hold a powerful demeanor to show off to the Luthor. Lena could tell.

L Corp was desperately busy lately. Re-branding after her brothers incident was difficult and tiring. Lena essentially ran off coffee. Her desk was littered with an assortment of files, forms and requests. She sat there eyeing it, not even sure where to begin today. Her thoughts lately had drifted to Supergirl. What she'd give to know her name, or even who she was. She hated the fact that she had a crush, but it was her personal secret. She soon snapped back to reality, realizing she had spent a full six minutes envisioning Supergirl.

Roughly ten minutes had passed and Lena had dug into her paper work. She was hyper-focused, almost too focused to realize the morning coffee(s) now hitting her bladder. Her forgetfulness soon caused her immediate as Kara Danver's walked into her office, pen and pad in hand.

"Lena, hi!" Kara said, her beaming smile piercing Lena's generally cold demeanor.

"Hi, Kara," Lena replied, quickly realizing she had a planned interview with Kara.

"You look surprised, I hope I'm not interrupting!" Kara said, a little concerned.

Lena looked down at her black dress pants, then back towards Kara. "No, no. I'm just super behind, but I can always make time for you," she said happily, grinning.

"Okay! Well, there is a lot of questions here," Kara replied, eyeing three empty cups of coffee sitting on Lena's desk. Lena looked at the empty cups as well, then back at Kara. "That's a lot of coffee, but with that kind of pileup, I don't blame you!"

Lena had a couple options here. She could quickly excuse herself to the bathroom, but admitting the need to pee to Kara wasn't exactly something she wanted to do. She could make up a quick excuse, but her subtly could easily be overlooked by the slight squirming she was doing underneath her desk.

'Come on Lena, you've waited through worse,' she thought to herself.

Kara took a seat in front of Lena's desk, opening up her pad. This would be a long interview.

*002*2018-07-07 13:29

It was undeniable. Lena really needed to pee. In front of Kara Danvers. Her composure wasn't quite broken, but she knew it would get there. As Kara asked her questions, Lena began to weigh her options.

'I should just say it. Get it over with. Everyone needs to pee, even Supergirl I bet.'

"Lena, did you hear me?" Kara said.

"Oh, I'm so sorry, can you repeat that?" Lena said back, a little dry.

"It's okay, you seem really tied up, maybe I should go," Kara replied politely, a hint of slightly being offended in her voice.

"No, Kara! It's just.. I have a bit of a headache. Hard to focus." Lena said back, grateful for her good excuse.

Kara looked at Lena. She could tell, she didn't even need to use her X-Ray vision to see her full bladder. Obviously Lena's pride was preventing her from admitting it, but she really needed to pee.

"Okay, well, would you like to continue?" Kara said, an evil thought crossing her mind.

"A couple more, sure, and then I should really.. get back to what I was doing," Lena said back, gently pressing her thighs together.

Kara paused for a minute, opening her purse to retrieve her water bottle. She took off the lid and took an extremely long gulp, "accidentally" allowing a small trail to drip down her face and onto her shirt and pants.

"Oh, no!" Kara said, looking at her light blue jeans and white blouse, making a big deal out of the seemingly non-noticeable wetness. But it was incredibly noticeable to Lena.

Lena gulped, looking at Kara.

"Would you.. like to pause?" Lena asked.

"No, it's fine, it's hardly anything."

Lena readjusted in her seat, resting her hands on her thighs, feeling the slight urge to hold the crotch of her dress pants. But she could NOT do that. Not in front of Kara Danvers.

Lena's relationship with Kara was always good, and although she saw her as a friend, she also saw her as incredibly innocent. Someone she could not humiliate herself in front of.

'Maybe.. if I say something like- OH!'

Lena leaked. A medium sized leak. Her eyes widened as Kara spoke to her about L-Corp's endeavors in National City, and she quickly reached for the crotch of her pants. Kara noticed this, but to be honest anyone would at this point. Kara could not deny that Lena's situation was turning her on. She had rare thoughts of Lena sexually, but right now she had never been more attracted to her than seeing her like this. The super-rich, prideful Luthor on the brink of wetting her pants. She had to say something.

*004*2018-07-07 17:34

"Lena, are you okay?" Kara asked softly, holding back a half grin.

"Yeah, I just have an.. awkward pain," Lena replied, immediately regretting her excuse.

"Do you need me to take you to the hospital?" Kara said back, very concerned, just about hopping out of her seat.

"No! I'm fine. Just sore," Lena said in between breathes as she looked at the wet fabric on her pants. She couldn't believe it. She had just partially pissed herself.

"Okay, well.." Kara paused, eyeing Lena's distress. As much as she would love to see Lena lose control, she couldn't do that to her friend. She may never even talk to her again strictly out of humiliation. "I think I have enough here for a good article," Kara lied. Lena hadn't answered a single question, but the awkwardness had built up too much. Kara had also felt her morning coffees beginning to get to her.

"Okay, Kara! It was great seeing you. M-Maybe we should do coffee sometime," Lena stuttered, feeling more leak into her pants, wetting her seat enough for a small trickle to hit the ground, very audibly. This was about the time Lena would stand and walk Kara out, but she had made the conscious decision to wait until Kara was in the elevator to bolt to the bathroom.

"I would love that!" Kara blurted, then immediately rephrased; "I mean that would be fun. I'll uhm, text you?"

"That sounds great," Lena replied, forcing a smile as Kara smiled back, then exited. Immediately Lena stood, both hands focused on not allowing more leaks to penetrate. Lena waited roughly thirty seconds, every second pure hell.

Finally, she darted to the washroom on her floor of the building. Her speed walking only made the situation worse. She could feel more and more leaks coming through. After what felt like an eternity of walking, Lena rushed in the bathroom, practically throwing the door off it's hinges. Before even entering a stall, Lena struggled to remove her belt that was so tight on her bladder. She could feel rivers off piss trickling down her legs at this point, her shoes filling and a puddle growing. In the middle of her most defeating moment, a surprised Kara Danvers stood directly in front of her, just exiting a stall to wash her hands. Lena looked at Kara, her usually pale white face pure red now, tears forming in the corners of her eyes.

"Lena.." Kara said, trying to console her, but Lena had already broke down. Kara pulled Lena into a hug, Lena's soaked pants slightly wetting Kara's jeans. "Why didn't you say something?" Kara asked, her voice full of empathy.

"I.. I don't know," Lena said in between tears of humiliation and relief. "I.. don't want to get your pants wet," Lena said standing back, attempting to recompose herself. She wiped tears and mascara from her face. Kara got closer, and to Lena's surprise, Kara kissed her.

This was not how she expected this day to go.

*005*2018-07-07 17:46

Not going to lie, this isn't my favourite thing I've written. I didn't realize how short the chapters were until I posted them. If you guys want a continuation, I can do one. Thanks for reading anyways!

