Annie's Accident

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2018-02-24 15:02

Hi,

I have roughly translated stories from "Annie", my co-worker, and knitted in one more story from my homeland site. These are partly told as real stories, but I have made them fictional. If someone wants to rewrite them more dramatized with better language skills, you are more than welcome :)

I was working in a big company. It was again one normal casual Friday and we had a meeting in our purchase unit. Meeting had last the whole morning. There were two approximately thirty year old women from our unit in the meeting room with one older male guest with me. We had drunken coffee and bubble water. I saw everyone of us needed break already. We had discussed so long and our guest just wanted to sell his things. We had proposed to stop a moment, but he told he needed to go on just a little more before a total stop and she would soon end his visit.

Annie was one of us. The assistant, always talking and laughing a lot, big blue eyes with naturally long dark eyelashes, light brown curly long hair she used to straighten then and then. Her smile is nice and she really is beautiful for her age. Her hobby had been women's gymnastic. So, she had a great gymnastic body. Heart shaped ass and little breasts looked nice when she was wearing her shiny black and tight leatherette jeans, decoration zips in front (height of hips) and back pockets behind. She also had a blue tight nylon top and a short black dress jacket on her.

Her manager Marie has taller slim body with a round little butt. Tight grey pencil skirt with dark pantyhose were perfect to her, I thought. She really has great jeans ass, but she didn't wear pants much. She had glasses and silky pale skin. Nice average boobs were hidden under a grey suit jacket and a white shirt. Black straight hair had knitted over her head like a bun. She had ran marathons few times, so her condition is great. Maybe more great than Annie's. I had to admit I had looked at their backs more than once and wanted to have a body like they have.

Suddenly meeting interrupted. Firebells were ranging. Somebody shouted it was a rehearsal, but we all should go out at the safety spot on the yard immediately. Spot was near gates and we knew that it would take time. Annie tried to use toilets, but her boss shouted at her it was not allowed. Annie put her hand between her well-trained thighs and screamed some curses. We told our guest he should come with us and he followed us stairs down and out.

We were standing out minutes, but it felt like forever. Firemen were inside and they checked all places like normally if there would be a real danger. Situation was terrible. We all were very desperate. It was cold and I thought my panties were damp already. It was all that excitement and needing to pee. I looked at my co-workers. They were dancing and squirming like little girls. Waves of desperation hit us more and more. No one spoke anything. We just tried not to wet our panties. Annie had hands between her legs and Marie was bending forward too. She was stepping on the spot and knocking her high heels on the ground.

People around us felt sorry for us when I told we hadn't use toilets during the whole morning. Our male guest had had permission to drive away from area. But still, it was not easier situation for us. Being there so desperate to pee under the eyes of our company workers. After half an hour humiliation we were allowed to go back in. Annie and Marie ran so womanly legs tightly together in front of me. There were one toilet in the lobby and only two stalls inside it. We all went in the toilet and Annie told us it was all right to go to the stalls before her. She shivered and cried silently. I knew she had started to wet herself. She just stood there hands on her face. Pee was running loudly through her leatherette jeans on the tile floor around her heels.

Marie sat behind her stall door and let her pee ran. She said she was so lucky her light-coloured and tight skirt had kept dry. After I peed I wanted to comfort poor Annie. I said I would help her if Marie would get her dry pants. Annie pleased Marie if she would not tell anyone what had happened. Marie left and promised to get her dry trousers. I said no one had noticed Annie's pee accident for sure. She confessed it wasn't the first time she wet herself as an adult and in public. "How can it be even possible?", she cried " Am I some pissgirl or what?". I asked her to told me her past story if it would help her embarrassment to talk about it. And she really told me the whole story about her last pee episode while we waited Marie back.

Annie is a trainer in gymnastic team. They had traveled by bus to a competition. Bus full of teenagers. Mostly girls, but also few boys and their male driver of course. Second trainer Tia had sat with Annie. She was her friend and pretty much like Annie. Tia had her call name as a kid, because she reminded famous actress who had the same forname. They had been team partners already when they were very young.

Teens hydrated themselves and bus toilet was full very soon. Annie's friend Tia had used toilet last and she had noticed red light. Tank was full. Annie heard this and she was worried. She had just reached the bus when they had left and drunken too much before their trip. She had needed to pee since she'd stepped in. Annie and many other of her teen trainees started to demand stop for pee. Bus driver told they were driving on a motorway and there will have only one chance to stop before the next city. A little cafe. Minutes and minutes went by and she had to struggle. Annie thought that pee was up in her head soon.

Finally they arrived. Cafe really was small. Only one unisex toilet with a one stall. Boys relieved themselves behind the bushes outside. Annie ran fast in her carmine red skinny jeans keeping hand between her thighs. She was in pain, but second in line outside of the toilet door. Tia looked at the young girls in their gym leggings and training pants behind Annie. They were all legs crossed and knees together. Coffee ordering Tia proposed Annie that she should wait. "Annie you are an adult woman" she said. "Oh, okay, but I can't wait any... ooh...okay girls, be quick!" Annie said and let about ten desperate girls ahead of her.

In a few minutes Annie felt she had slightly wet her red hipster panties for sure. She was in the toilet already. So near but still in big troubles. Soon she was the last and the next one in front of the stall door, when she heard water hitting voices inside a stall. It was too much. She peed and peed powerfully right there inside her skinny jeans! Pee totally soaked her pants and she kicked her shoes off quickly. Girl inside a stall went out in a second. Annie hide herself behind opening door. Girl hadn't noticed Annie's wet pants when she ran out towards her friends in the bus. Annie thanked her luck, but she was in shock. What next?

Annie took her wet pants off and started to dry her lace trimmed cotton undies under the hand dryer. She texted with cell phone to Tia. "Help me. I wet my pants! Have you got a dry spare pants for me?" Bus full of teens would laugh at her. She knew it would be the worst humiliation in her life, if she'd step in the bus in her wet pants. Luckily Tia read her message and came soon in the toilet. "Oh , wow! You really peed them!" Tia said when she saw Annie's wet clothes. Tia laughed at Annie's black t-shirt : "You really are... NOT!". There stood glitter red text "Super Dry". She helped Annie and wiped her pee wet legs with towel. Annie dressed Tia's black running pants and dried her eyes. She thanked Tia. Her reputation had saved.

After that Annie said, she had always dressed black pants and jeans. Marie had came back and heard the end of story. "Don't be ashamed. It can happen to anyone. I can tell about my sister Laura's pee accident." Said Marie. Wow, I thought. I had met her sister Laura once. She was a great looking police detective. "Please, tell us." I said.

Laura sat behind her desk drinking her icetea and wrote reports. She had graduated with good results and had her job as an assistant police detective. She had been one of the team at the police department only few days and her tasks had been mostly inside office. Then Pete, her co-worker policeman, asked her with him. He said they should go right now and hurry. Laura was full of liquid, but so excited she just left and forgot her need to pee.

She grabbed her short reddish leather jacket with her and left the office with Pete. She used to wear that leather jacket, light blue globally common brand skinny jeans and a polo shirt like then. Her athletic slim body, little round bum like her sister's and her bleached blonde long hair had caused her nickname "Miss Swan" according to character Emma from serie "Once Upon A Time". Since her first day at the department everyone had called her like that and there really was a look a like. Even Laura had to admit that and she of course was a little bit proud of it.

They left by a civil police car. Pete drove their car to the other side of the city and parked it behind a row of cars at the little parking place. In front of them was a road full of people and a big house with one outdoor. Laura had asked where were they going and what was their task. Pete had been quiet. When they had stopped Pete told her it was a stake out situation. They just had to carefully look at the house in front of them. There was another police car behind the house. If someone, who ever, would leave the house they should go behind him or her. By car if needed or just by feet.

Laura was nervous. Her need to pee had increased while their drive. She was so mad at herself. Why she hadn't use toilet before their leaving. Now she had to be professional. She kept her knees and thighs tight together. She was a big girl. Never peed herself and she was sure she never will. She was too proud asking any pee breaks. This wasn't any boy or girl thing, it was a police thing. No. They'll both sat there until the situation would be over.

Hours went by. Pete seemed to be all right, but Laura's bladder was harder than ever. She had tapped her feet and squirmed on her seat. Pete asked if she was cold or something. But Laura answered she was fine. Just her back became numb a little. Laura thought if she could ask a walk because of that. That way she probably could look around if there were some place to pee quickly. But no, she knew there wasn't. Just too many people around them. She tried to hide her desperation and mentally tried to think other things.

Laura leaked once and pretty soon twice. Even more this time. She thought her jeans were perhaps little wet. It was too late walk out now. Pete could see her wet spot, if there was any. She just had to suffer and struggle. She asked if there was a possibility to have another unit replacing them soon. Laura was thinking how she could cover her possible wet spot. She had no water for spilling it on her lap. She asked if Pete had something to drink. There wasn't.

Just when she started to think water and spilling it, she peed! Laura said anything. She tried to be cool, but it was embarrassing situation. Most embarrassing in her whole life. She peed and peed like a little girl and it dribbled down on the car floor from her leather seat. Leather seat was like a water pool. She felt her undies and jeans so sticky wet under her. She couldn't move. Pete had heard something and soon he smelled it too. "Emma... I mean... Laura, what a h...?".

"It's nothing... I just spilled some water and..." Laura started to lie. She almost cried. How humiliating! Pete noticed there wasn't any bottles or mugs. "Laura, don't be upset. I know what happened. I 'll call next unit and then we'll go home, save your seat and do some laundry."

Pete covered Laura's nice wet bum with her leather jacket and hide the wetness from his neighbors, when they stepped in Pete's house. Right after they had closed the door they hugged and Pete whispered "Miss Swan, you are so sexy and wet!". Laura felt she was someone else. She was some shy little peegirl or TV-serie character. Not a cool and sensible police detective. No way. This was a fairy tale. Not a real situation. Pete let his arms settle down around Laura's waist and hips. He started to peel her tight, soaking wet and sticky pants and hipster panties. Tears escaped from Laura's eyes. So warm and secure feeling and she let it happen.

"That is what happened to my sister. It was her first stakeout gig and they had been together since that day. Some men really get turned on, when a woman shows her vulnerability. It is not always bad thing to do mistakes." Marie tried to comfort Annie, who had twice experienced her imperfect.

*003*2018-03-03 16:38

{{On 27.2.2018 at 1:45 PM, Manowar said:

I loved it too. Very well written and very very wet. To be continued?

}}

Thanks, but I am afraid this was all. I have no more material considering characters in the story. Maybe some day I will write another story. This is not easy for me. My words are limited, because of my language skills.

I have thought "Magic Pants" or "Unlucky Jeans" or something. Like in the movie "Sisterhood of Traveling Pants",but new owner will always wet those same pants. When accident happens owner will get rid of the shamefully unlucky jeans and the next one suffers... story is endless :)

Idea is free to other writers too, because now I am busy and in the near future I don't have time to do it.

