After the disco!

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-10-30 11:55

A boy went with a girl on Friday evening to a disco to meet some friends and to have fun together.

They had to go about 1 hour with his car until they were there.

All of them were older than 18 years.

The time was running very fast and at 1 am decided both to drive home. Their friends stayed longer.

”I just go to the toilet before we leave, I’ll do it very quickly .” said the girl and smiled.

” You will be not quick, i have been just before and there was a long line.” said one of the other girls.

”Then I’ll be even more quick, because i don’t go, i am holding it!” replied the girl.

”But it will last more than 1 hour until you are at home and one hour can get pretty long with a full bladder.” said the other girl surprised and a little bit worried.

”I have not been the entire evening and one hour longer will not become to a big problem.” answered the girl, proudly of her strong bladder and about of her holding performance.

Many boys gets turned on about girls who are desperate to pee and get aroused about the knowledge that a girl is holding a very full bladder in her belly.

This boy was one of them. It was exciting for him to know that the girl was needing to wee but didn’t go, it was arousing for him that she was willing to suppress her urge all the long way home.

The girl’s urge should get worse for him, much worse and therefore he ordered a last drink for all of them and of course for the girl a large one.

Although that her bladder was very full, did she drink up and went to the car without a wee.

She was needing to wee already very urgently, but she didn’t go before leaving. She had been a good girl for the boy and was holding it.

The girl had always fear when the boy drove to fast, but this time it was different, her urge to wee was stronger than her fear.

“ Drive faster, i need urgently to the loo!“ was the girl begging, just a few minutes after they started their ride.

10 minutes later she pressed her knees together and was bending over.

“It was a big mistake not to use the toilet before leaving and it was even more a mistake to drink the last extra large drink.“ said the girl and pushed the fabric of her skirt between her sexy thighs.

But instead of driving faster he had to drive more slowly because of a car accident on the motorway.

It doesn’t last long until they had to stop totally.

The poor girl was getting more and more desperate and the boy was getting more and more horny from seeing the girl pressing both hands between her naked thighs and from her moaning and whining about her strong need to wee.

“Have you really not been at the toilet the entire evening? Not even once?“ wanted the boy know and wished that it was true, because this imagination and the imagination how full the girls bladder must have been after such a long time and after drinking so much was turning him on very much.

“Not at the evening and not before you picked me up before leaving.

I have not weed since i came home from the school at afternoon, my bladder is full to burst!“ answered the girl.

The boy loved to hear that and his dick loved this as well, it was getting hard as a bone.

They were standing still for a quarter of an hour and the girl was getting more and more frantic.

A part of the last drink was still on the way to her so very, very full bladder and was forcing to overstretch her bladder at a painful way.

“I don’t know what to do, i have to pee so unbearable bad, my bladder hurts so much it will explode if i can’t pee very soon!“said the girl.

“Never before i have seen a girl who was needing to wee so badly, but boys always say that some of you girls can hold it back for extreme long periods of time and i think you are one of the girls, i think you can stand it and endure it until you are at home“. said the boy full of horniness.

The girl pressed both hands against her panties between her thighs and had her thighs crossed over her hands very tight.

One finger she had pushed in her slit, exactly one her little hole where her wee wanted to come out so urgently.

„I get out and squat beside the car.“ she said.

“You can’t do that, everybody would see you.“ said the boy.

“Don’t you understand, i can’t care anymore about it, I HAVE to PISS , my bladder hurts, it is hard as a rock, it will explode if don’t pee.“ answered the girl.

The boy looked at her and saw that the girls belly was swollen and that her bladder was bulging out very much.

He put his hand on her lower abdomen and said „ your bladder became really very big and very hard! You are holding much more than one liter inside!! Don’t you?“ said the boy and couldn’t resist to press soft on it.

The girl moaned about the extra pressure from outside and said “I don’t know how much i am holding, but i know that is far too much!! And stop torturing my bladder! Don’t press on it it is hurting enough except that.“

A few minutes later they started to move.

The girl had her skirt pushed between her thighs and was bent over.

“I need to pee!! Oh my gosh, i need to pee so bad, i can’t bear that any longer.“ she whispered to the boy, but more to herself.

A little later, they went from the motorway to a country road.

“My panties are already wet, I’ll wet your seat totally, if you don’t stop at the moment for to let me finally pee.“ grumbled the girl.

The boy would have loved to watch her longer to fight against her enormous need to piss, but he could not do any other than to stop.

The girl opened the door, was getting out, lifted her short skirt, pulled her already wet panties down under her knee and started to piss before she was able to squat.

The pressure was to high, her urge was to strong, she couldn’t hold her urine back anymore, she pissing full force, with full power and high pressure, already when she was still standing.

She pissed during she was squatting and was wetting her panties, which were down at her knees, she wetted her shoes and she wetted her naked, sexy legs.

The boy was nearly ejected from watching her.

„That was really, really necessary, your bladder must have been indeed full to explode.“ said the boy with a big boner in his pants.

The girl was ashamed and didn’t talk very much . She stripped her soaked panties and did leave it back on the road.

She was sitting beside the boy, naked from her toes up to her belly.

He had his hand on her upper thigh, he could feel the dampness of her wee on her skin and he could smell her urine.

He was so horny, he did use the opportunity that the girl didn’t wear panties and pushed one or two fingers deep in her pee wet pussy.

Her pussy was not wet just about the wee, it was wet about horniness as well.

I think that they had a good sex, when they were at home.

Maybe they will have the next time sex when her bladder is very, very full!!???

She is a holding talent with a large, strong bladder and he loves to have sex with girls who are desperate to pee!

