CHZO Mythos: 1 Night a Memorie (Male and Female)

Author: Mrsboom

*000*2017-08-28 17:15

This is my first short Omorashi Fanfic. Is from the PC videogame saga Chzo Mythos (Highly recommended). Sorry if I don't have a good english.

"¡Is here!" Cried Simone. The man in the apron walked to them, with the machete in his hands. Trilby knew what to do. Somehow, he knew it, like if he already had faced that monster. He knelt and pulled the carpet... But it didn't moved.

"¡Trilby! ¡Do something! ¡NOW!" Simone fell back. The girl's Jeans suddenly became darker and a yellow liquid puddle appeared in the white bathroom tiles.

"Oh Fu-" Was the last thing Trilby said, before John Defoe, using the Jim's body as an avatar, buried the machete in his chest.

"¡NO!" Trilby woke up. He was lying in his bed. "¡Oh God... That was so real". It'd been already 3 years, but Trilby kept having nightmares with him.

When he calmed down, he felt the lower part of his body was wet. He looked down and confirmed his hypothesis. He had wet the bed.

"I swear to God" He said. If I fucking find you again, I'll sent you into space.

Suddenly, his phone ringed.

"Hello?... Yeah.... Yeah... I'm not sure... Yeah, I remember.... A-are you talking seriously?... Simone... ¡I'm going there!"

He got up from the wet bed. "No time to clean!" He said to himself. He changed his wet pijamas for his beloved elegant suit. Then, he got into his car.

"John Defoe..." He said " I tought I already ended you..."

