Soulsborne Omorashi Fanfiction - Page 5

Author: MrsLittleleaks

*100*2020-11-28 10:06

Day 28: In an Alley with Laurence (but that's the last Laurence one).

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27756082

*101*2020-11-29 10:15

Day 29: Unable to get clothing off in time with Gwynevere

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27775516

*102*2020-11-30 14:58

Day 30: In someone's Lap with Kalameet (in a loving relationship with Gough)

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27798808

That's it, that was the last of them! Now I will work on the next request, which I would have done today if not for someone driving into my car!

*103*2020-12-05 14:35

@124578

I finished that Yuria request of yours.

%https://archiveofourown.org/works/27895237

Now, that I have posted this, like I said, I will leave this board now. I thank everyone who was supported me and read my stories, but I have to admit that I just don't fit into the community of this board. I view Omorashi vastly different as the majority of the people on here and the general interest in here is about sexy woman wetting themselves and not male characters in akward situations, which is totally my jam.

You can feel free to still ask for requests, but because I won't look into here anymore, please write into the comments on AO3 (I usually have anon commenting on) or come to my twitter and ask me into dm's. Don't forget to head my rules which are normally posted after each story where I opened up requests.

I won't delete my account though and I leave this thread up, so if anyone wants to take it over, feel free. I will log out now and leave my Omorashi thoughts on AO3. I am happy to interact with you on twitter or in my comment section though.

I hope you all have more fun with the message board than I could have.

