Little Story and Picture

Author: MissMiniMe

*000*2022-09-21 22:04

As a "not native" English I tried my best once again...

VIVIAN THE WITCH: THE MOST EMBARRASSING DAY OF MY LIFE

When I woke up, I was happier than ever. The days at Witch University were over. All that was left was the final test. I prepared for the day like I always do before school. With a proper breakfast and a big cup of strong green tea. I chose my outfit carefully. After all, it was my first day as a real witch. I wanted to look extremely good in front of the witch master, the teacher witches and my class.

I sprayed my skin with a magic scent that I'd made myself. It makes everyone around me swoon in love. I put on my best green-striped panties and tights. The outfit was completed by a black tight mini dress and a black witch hat. High heels, magic wand and I was ready for fly to school. Long green hair fluttered around my head when I flew through the sky with the broom of mine.

I landed on the ground of the school yard like the other students. We went to the big castle building talking and laughing. Every student got to hear their final exam. There was a lot of excitement in the air. I heard groans and muffled screams from the principal's room as one after another visited there in their turn. Soon it was my turn.

"Vivian? Here is a couple of notes in your archives from teachers." Said master.

"Oh..." I wondered.

"You are too kind and pretty. You should be cruel and wicked wizard more than a fairy godmother or little mermaid." He continued and started to preach. "This another one is even more serious. You have asked pee breaks during the lessons. Real witch cannot show any weaknesses."

I nodded and blushed.

"This can only mean a one thing. You must make a magic potion to drink and remove this weakness as your final test." He said as he handed me the recipe.

I had been dreading this. It took hours to prepare the potion. My urge to pee was already severe and now I would have to stand next to the magic cauldron for the rest of the day. On the other hand, it would prevent me from peeing my pants forever.

"But I just drank my morning tea. Could I quickly use the restroom first. Please, Master!" I tried.

"No buts. This is your final exam. Prove that you are hard as a rock!" He answered. I had no choice.

I walked next to the pot and started my task. My bladder was only hard thing in my body and mind. The pressure felt unbearable now when the permission to pee had cancelled. I had to prepare the magic liquid and taste it. Otherwise, I would wet myself in front of all students. I just had to make this happen!

I was able to collect the raw materials and light a fire under the pot. I stirred the soup for hours. My need to pee was huge. The liquid splattered in the pot and it only made me feel worse. I had to dance around the cauldron one hand between my thighs. I heard whispers around me. I also saw how the younger witch students and even their teachers were looking at me with grins.

Magic potion was too hot to drink and I had to wait until its temperature dropped. I was so near, but not sure about my bladder control. I was afraid of the public accident more than ever.

I sat down on the floor and pressed my knees tightly together. I felt that my only hope was drinking the potion. Right then and there before I really wet myself. Soon I did it. Smelly soup was still very hot and its taste was awful. It didn't bother me much. I thought I was safe and dry now... and forever.

I was waiting and waiting, but nothing happened. The pain in my crotch was even worse than earlier. I felt how my panties slowly started to get wet. They were soaking more and more and I just couldn't do nothing to avoid it. Warm pee was running through the fabric of my green-striped tights with a hissing noise!

Then I lost my consciousness for a moment. There was a thick cloud in my head and the only thing I realized was that I couldn't control myself at all. My body trembled and I felt relieved...

"Viv is pissing herself!" Someone shouted and I heard laughing and giggling.

"Wow, we have a massive accident here!" Another student shouted and they all looked at me. I was still pissing like racehorse. There was a big spreading puddle under my butt.

I started to cry when I understood what had happened. One of the teachers helped me up. I was dripping wet and I knew everyone saw the glistening bottom of my tight black mini dress. This wasn't the case how I wanted the whole school noticing my gorgeous outfit.

We walked into principal's office. I wiped my tearful eyes in front of his ugly face.

"I am sure this was a good lesson for you Vivian. Always be a mean and cruel like a real devious witch should be." Witch master taught.

Soon I was home again. Undressing my smelly and wet dress, tights and panties. I felt confused and humiliated. I looked at pissgirl's serious face through the mirror. I saw a real witch now. This had been the worst day in my life. I decided: Someday I would find a right recipe of the "not-pee-your-pants-potion".

$$

