Monster Musume (Everyday life with monster girls) fanfic

Author: Misteriousmr

*000*2016-05-25 20:04

Hey all!

So, at the time of writing this, I am also in the middle of writing a Pokemon fanfic, so you can check it if you want (#shamelessplug)

This fanfic will focus on a series called "Monster Musume" (or: Everyday life with monster girls). This story will be a headcanon continuation of the anime, and for thos who haven't seen it: here's a synopsis!

Monsters are, in fact, real. Humans and monsters have made an accord to integrate monsters into human culture. To learn monsters how the human world works, they are placed under the supervision of a caretaker, this can be an individual, a family, etc. This is all done by Ms. Smith. There's a law preventing humans and monsters hurting eachother, but to solve the problems that would bring, Ms. Smith leads M.O.N. a squad made up of monsters, to stop monsters. The series follows the life of Kimihito who, even though he never signed up, came to supervise quite a few monsters. They are all female, and they are:

- Miia, the Llamia: a snake woman with incredible power in her long, pink tail. Has pink hair and is often very possesive of, as she calls him, "darling".

- Centorea/Cerea, the Centaur: a noble half-horse. Carries a (fake) sword and, even though she sees him as her master, has feelings for "her master"

- Papi, the Harpy: partially a bird and very child-like, she is one of the most playfull residents, but don't be fooled: she's an adult, and is in love with the "boss"

- Mero, the mermaid: though she can get around in a wheelchair, she prefers water. She is warm and kind, but loves tragedy. She is in love with Kimihito.

- Suu, the Slime: She can't speak, but she can copy almost anything, shapeshift and even detect poison. She will die if she's dehyrated.

- Rachnera, the Arachne: sly, sadistic, openly perverted and with a bondage fetish, Rachnera is a thorn in Miia's sight. She'll stop at nothing to get her eight legs on Kimihito

- Lala, the Dullahan: calling herself a "servant of death" and with a removable head, Lala is a sight to behold. Though she'll never admit it, she's in love with Kimihito.

- ???????

There you go! If you want more information, I suggest checking out the Monster Musume anime (is rly gud) or the wiki!

I'll start writing tomorrow!

- Glenn

*001*2016-05-25 22:34

Chapter 1: everyday life with a ghost

Kimihito was lying in bed, staring at the ceiling. Cerea and Miia had been in a fight over Miia's cooking. He sighed and rolled over on his side, he'd have to call Smith to repair the walls. He looked out of the window sleepily. Before he fell asleep, he thought he saw a face, but realised it was his own reflection.

The girls were still agetated when breakfast was being served. Kimihito had made some eggs on toast.

"Thank you darling!" Miia yelped, while throwing a vicious look at Cerea, who turned up her nose. Papi and Suu were sitting next to eachother. Suu was shapeshifting her head into all kinds of forms, with Papi laughing out loud when she resembled Miia's face with a stern look. Once Kimihito was about to sit down, the doorbell rang.

"Ah, good morning!" Smith said, pushing her sunglasses slightly down, "mind if I come in?" she asked as she walked past him into the living room.

"Why are you visiting?" Kimihito asked as he grabbed another plate and served breakfast to Smith.

"I felt like it." Smith said quickly. Kimihito doubted this, but decided to let the subject rest for now.

"So, how is M.O.N?" he asked, to change the subject, hoping Smith wouldn't see the looks that Cerea and Miia were throwing at eachother over the table.

"Fine, we apprehended another Orc yesterday. He demanded that we converted all online porn sites into Orcish porn" she said, rolling her eyes. "Don't worry about the wall" she said, seeing Kimihito open his mouth to say something.

The rest of the breakfast went by rather quietly, sometimes interrupted by Papi's laughter. When Suu transformed into Cerea with a deadpan look, Papi spit out her egg over the table before falling off of her chair laughing.

"Well, I better get going!" Smith said, while standing up, "don't you agree?" she said, looking at Kimihito.

"Umm, sure?" Kimihito said while getting up to open the door.

"Great! Then from now on, he'll live with you" she said while pointing her thumb over her shoulder.

Kimihito looked towards where she was pointing, and realised that a large, pale man had appeared in the living room.

"Whoa, wait, what? Who's that?" Kimihito asked in a panic.

"That's Gus, later!" she slammed the front door shut.

Kimihito stood there, with his mouth agape, looking at the man. He was ridiculously tall, too the point where his head was almost touching the ceiling. He had dark brown hair till just past his shoulder. His gray/blueish, sombre eyes looked cold but, somehow, caring. He knodded slightly before speaking in a voice lower than Kimihito's.

"Good day, allow me too introduce myself: I'm Gus, and I'm a ghost. Smith assigned me to this house. Do not worry, I won't need any food or a place too rest" he added, when he saw Kimihito frantically look around; he was running out of space.

TO BE CONTINUED

*003*2016-05-26 13:48

"Mister ghost" Papi said, looking at the tall figure, "does that mean you're dead?"

"PAPI YOU CAN'T ASK TH-" Kimihito started, afraid Gus would be uncomfortable with those kinds of questions.

"No, I was never alive, like you were never bird nor human" Gus simply stated, a small, friendly smile forming on his face. Kimihito sighed, Smith really knew how to freak him out.

"Well," Kimihito started, "Meet your fellow housemates: Miia, Mero, Lala, Cerea, Papi, Suu and Rachnera" he said, while pointing at the monsters at the table in order. Gus followed his finger with his eyes, and nodded subtely when Kimihito stopped talking.

"A pleasure to make your acquaintance"

"What can you do?" Papi blurted out, causing Kimihito to facepalm behind Gus's back. Gus raised his eyebrows.

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I can fly, Rachnera can make string and walk on walls, Mero can stay under water..."

"Ah, I see, well, I can turn invisible, float and posses others." Gus counted off.

"Ooooh, possesion..." Papi looked at Gus with her mouth slightly agape.

"Well" Cerea cleared her throat, "nice to meet you." she said, while sticking out her hand, which Gus shook. Cerea shivered, he was cold as ice.

"Hmm, I'm out of bread" Kimihito mumbled to himself while looking through the kitchen, "I'll need to go shopping, maybe Cerea wants to come with..."

Meanwhile Papi was walking through the house, looking for Gus. She found him leisurely floating through the hallway, reading a book.

"Hi Gus!"

"Oh, hello, Papi was it?"

"I was wondering, you said you could posses others, right?"

"Yes, I can, why?"

"Well, I wondered what it felt like, could you posses me?"

Gus floated down and put his book on a nearby shelf as he landed.

"Sure. Ready?"

Gus seemed to turn into smoke, entering Papi's ears. Papi felt him entering her brain, and how she couldn't controll her bodily functions anymore, like she was a puppet. She heard Gus's voice in her head.

"A bit like this."

"Wow, I can hear you!" Papi tried to speak, but instead, she heard her voice reverb through her head.

"Haha, yep, you can, I'll leave your body now." he said while exiting the way he came. Once Papi was back in controll, she shook her head, which felt fussy.

"Hey, can you help me with something?" she said, a sly smile appearing on her face...

Kimihito knocked on Cerea's door.

"Hello? Cerea? I'm going too the market, you want to come with?" No awnser.

"Cerea?" Kimihito carefully pushed her door open. Cerea was sitting in a corner, looking abscent-minded.

"Hey, Cerea, you want to come with me to the store?". She didn't respond, but looked in Kimihito's direction. "are you ok?"

"Y-yes..." Cerea said slowly, "I would love to come along, rather me than that horrible Miia."

"Hey now, that's mean, come on, you're above this."

Cerea slowly got up and walked past Kimihito.

"Hey, what...?"

Cerea walked over to Miia's room, where she turned around and kicked the door in.

"Miia, you're a horrible person. I'll never let you get Kimihito."

Kimihito didn't know what came over Cerea, but he did see Miia's tail pull her into her room.

"Hey! You two! Break it up!"

Kimihito stormed into the room, where he saw Miia, with the fire in her eyes, wrap around Cerea. Cerea responded by kicking her bed through the wall and into the garden.

"Stop it you guys!" Kimihito ran forward and tried to wring Miia from Cerea's body. Cerea grabbed Miia's body and threw her sideways, with Kimihito still klinging on. The two hit the wall, and as Kimihito slowly got up, she saw Miia whack her tail at Cerea, who flew at the spot Kimihito was standing.

Kimihito woke up in his own bed. He felt as if all of his bones were broken. His head was covered in bandages.

"Ah, you're awake!" he heard a voice say. From the sound she made when walking, he realised it was Cerea.

"Hey, you two, get in here, NOW!" she sounded furious, and soon he saw two faces appear next to him; Papi and Gus. They both looked guilty.

"I must appologise that I brought you in such discomfort and potential risk..." Gus started.

"No..." Papi interrupted him, some tears welling up in her eyes, "this is my fault...". Kimihito was confused; how was it either of their faults? "I told Gus that it was custom in Japan to start fights with other people, and I...*snif*...thought it would be funny if he...*snif*...possesed Cerea...and..." some tears started rolling down Papi's cheeks.

"Hey" Kimihito said, and he noticed his lungs hurt, "it's ok" he stroked Papi's "arms" with the back of his hand, causing more tears to form in Papi's eyes...

END OF CHAPTER 1

*005*2016-05-26 19:33

Chapter 2: Everyday life with fetishists.

Kimihito was walking around the market. Cerea had filled his basket with things like carrots, tomatoes and other vegetables. Kimihito sometimes almost forgot she was a vegetarian. He picked out two nice-looking loafs of bread and put them in his overfull basket. He could see the looks of other people as he and Cerea were waiting to pay; monsters were still "weird" and "diffrent" to the others. That's why Kimihito had been coupled with so many monsters: he didn't treat them diffrently. He wrote the price down on a piece of paper to give to Smith. He'd be having a lot less financial problems since she told him he could count the food as an expense.

Meanwhile, at home, Gus was once again floating through the halls. However, since he'd just moved in, he hadn't memorized the layout of the house, and soon found himself in an unknown room. He looked around. It was dark, and the room only had one, tiny window. From the corner of the room he could hear some mumbling and groaning.

"Hello?" he said, seeing if someone would give a reaction.

"Ah, we have a visitor..." the voice was soft, soothing, yet somehow threatening, like it was trying to lure you into a trap, "Gus, I presume?". Gus could hear something clicking as it came closer, and soon Rachnea appeared out of the dark corner, her eight legs tapping the ground with every step. Gus saw some movement behind her.

"Ah, good day Rachnea, how are you?" Gus said, landing out of courtesy.

"Oh, I'm well, just..." she looked out of the corner of her eye, "enjoying myself..."

"If I may ask, who's that?" Gus asked, while nodding towards the dark corner.

"Why don't you go find out?" Rachnea asked, the sadistic undertones in her voice growing stronger. Gus floated over to the corner. He could make out that there was some sort of web, which wasn't that surprising. But in the web was...

"Mero? What are you doing here?" Gus asked. He suddenly felt something strike him from the back, covering his back in something warm. He looked around and saw Rachnea holding a silk string, which she'd slung around Gus.

"What-"

"Sshhhh..." Rachnea simply said, while slowly walking towards him. Suddenly, the rope seemed to lose grip and fell to the ground.

"What the-" Rachnea started, before she realised what went wrong. "You can controll your density?" Rachnea asked, looking at a now silk-free Gus.

"Yes, now would you mind explaining what's going on?" he looked over at Mero again. He noticed she wasn't just caught in the web, but maticulously tied up: one strand went past her mouth, one above and one below her boobs, one upwards from her crotch, like it was a harnass of silk.

"Well, I'll have you know Mero came here on her own desire" Rachnea stated, and Mero turned slightly red. Gus slowly started to realise what was happening.

"You're a...you have a..."

"Bondage fetish, yes, is that a problem?"

"Not at all! In fact..." Gus looked over at Mero, "If you'll allow me.." he slowly floated towards the trapped mermaid.

TO BE CONTINUED

*007*2016-05-26 23:06

{{44 minutes ago, Jeffery Mewtamer said:

Are Monster Musume mermaids different from the normal depiction of mermaids? Cause having a crotch is kinda incompatible with having a fish tail in place of legs.

Other wise, I'm enjoying the story so far and really wishing I could watch/read the source material.

}}

That...is a really good question, but after some googleing I found the following:

- Both Miia and Mero have a crotch above the tail, which is pretty much always covered in both the Anime and Manga, so how that precisely works, I don't know.

- I have no idea how Cerea works, with her horse body.

- Same goes for Rachnea.

- Suu can transform into diffrent stages of maturety based on how much water she's absorbed, but most of the time she is one of the two smallest characters, along with Papi.

- Papi has a normal body, but with wings instead of arms (with those weird finger-like appendages halfway through the wing) and claws instead of legs.

- Lala's head can't controll her body when it is removed. This is also how it was revealed that she had a crush on Kimihito.

I should probably also mention that M.O.N. consists of five members:

- Ms. Smith

- Zombina, the zombie

- Doppel the shapeshifter

- Manako the cyclops

- Tionishia the orc

It does suck that you can't read/watch it, especially because apart from the ecchi elements, it's just a really good anime with a lot of great humor, selfawareness and wit. I watched a subbed version. I do, however, suggest that you check out the opening theme because dear god is it good!

*008*2016-06-05 21:06

Rachnea looked on in morbid vuriosity as Gus transformed into a mist, which entered Mero's ear. Suddenly, Mero started to wriggle around, moving spastically and pulling at the string. Her large tail fin slammed against the wall, making some dust fall from the ceiling. Soon, Gus floated out of her again, forming into a humanoid form as Rachnea felt slightly confused.

"What did you do?" she asked

"I put her under a bit more...pressure..." Gus simply said, looking at Mero squirming and moving around. When Mero realised she had controll over her own body again, she turned to Gus.

"Why- Wha- What did you do? Did you-"

The door slammed open, and a sweating and obviously distressed Kimihito looked around frantically while Gus dissapeared from view.

"What's going on? I heard a crash and-" Kimihito stopped when he saw Rachnea and Mero, the latter now fiercely blushing. From behind Kimihito, 3 faces appeared: the concerned face of Cerea, the seemingly amused Miia and the oblivious expression of Papi filled the leftover space of the opened doorway.

"Oh, hello there" Rachnea said, keeping a cool head as always, while Mero felt a hot wash of shame come over her, very hot in fact, causing the slime layer on her tail to give off steam.

"Rachnea, leave Mero alone" Kimihito said calmly. He'd noticed that Rachnea enjoyed capturing others and tying them up.

"Aww, but honey, I almost mastered the million-knot technique!" Rachnea said cheekily.

Soon, Mero was back in her own bath, in her large room next too the bathroom. She lounged underwater for a bit, rethinking her evening. Rachnea was in her room, which happened to be the attic. It was dark and the place was covered in cobwebs. Cerea's room was rather simple and had an original Japanese style, with a small hay bed in the corner. Suu had fallen asleep in a pan, where Kimihito almost threw her out. Gus had decided to settle in for the night in the living room. He looked at the moon through the window. It was almost full moon, that would be intresting...very intresting indeed...

END OF CHAPTER 2

(Fun fact: according to the creators of the show, Rachnera's birthday is June 27)

P.S: Underneath here is a link to the opening of Monster Musume which, apart from being a great theme, also gives a good impression of how the girls look and what their personalities are, for refrence!

P.P.S: I read the Manga, overall: is rly gud 11/5 wuld Japan agen

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/7EBiDRbtnc4?feature=oembed"

