A Flower Shop on a Hill

Author: Mariomo

*000*2023-01-03 23:42

The sky was a deep orange, almost black. Two girls stood in a little greenhouse atop a hill, a single, albeit small tree beside them. Valleys of rye surrounded them, rippling golden grass flowing with the breeze.

The two girls stood around, one in a beige dress with a white lace over-corset checked her pocket watch, it was only five minutes till the top of the hour, but if the sun hadn’t set fully by then, they would both have to stay for another hour, since the shop closed “on the hour of sunset”.

The air inside the small shop was tense. The two of them were already growing increasingly impatient to be home, and watching as the orange light in the sky slowly hide behind one of the hills was not helping their nerves.

The one in beige turned to the other one, who wore a frilly long dark green skirt and a pair of tan boots. “Bella?” The beige one asked.

“Clara.” The green one responded.

“Could you please close the shop and water the plants tonight? Since I did it yesterday.”

“I’m really sorry, Clara, but I can’t.”

Clara tilted her head slightly in apparent confusion.

“I- I can’t, I just really need to get home quickly tonight. I promise, I’ll close tomorrow and the day after.”

Clara sighed, but ultimately was fine with closing, as she didn’t have much else to do. She checked her watch again, then glanced back at the hill, then at Bella, who was facing Clara with a distinct look of uncomfortable impatience.

“Well?” Asked Bella, “Did it set in time?”

It hadn’t, but Clara knew that Bella would probably not take well to hearing that she would have to delay whatever was so important by another hour. Clara nodded. “It’s closing time.”

“Oouuwhh… I need to get home right now, see you tomorrow, Clara!” Bella shouted as she mounted her bicycle outside. She kicked up the kickstand, and immediately sped out of the dirt patch used as the store’s parking lot, and down the paved road, towards town.

Clara got a feeling that a customer would have probably abused the sunset rule, a little sliver of the sun was still trying to seep into the endless sea of rye. The theoretical customer in question was probably on their way to the shop right now.

It had gotten too dark to see in the shop, so Clara lit a few oil lamps hanging around the greenhouse. She still had to finish up the hour before she could even start closing. She had to walk slowly through the greenhouse as she lit the lamps, she had to walk slowly all the time, as she chose to wear high heels in the rocky gravel floor of the shop every day.

After about thirty minutes of standing behind the counter twiddling her thumbs, bobbing in place and swaying about, her prediction had come true. The headlights of a car she had seen leaving town on her road a few minutes ago now filled the greenhouse, it pulled into the parking lot, gravel crunching under its tires. A man and a woman stepped out, and shut the doors. “I told you, the business card said hour of sunset, not at sunset.” The man said.

They walked into the store, and Clara gave a wave and a smile. “Good evening, are you two looking for something in particular?”

“In-laws are coming over, we need something for the vase on the dining table.”

Clara smiled, and walked over to a table of flowers. “These here make great centerpieces.”

The man looked at his wife, the wife looked at the flowers and nodded. “Four of those.” He said.

Clara cut four, and put them in a small bag full of water. She handed it to the man. The man handed Clara exactly the amount that was needed, and walked out. Clara counted it to make sure, and it was correct, she was a little surprised that someone knew the exact amount that those flowers would cost, but chose to ignore it, as now it was a waiting game until closing time.

Clara still stood behind the counter, bobbing in place, swaying around, tapping her fingers, she was also growing impatient for closing time, tortured by the fact that it was only a few minutes away. She knew that she could close early, hell, she owned the place, but Clara refused to do so, she needed to keep herself disciplined, and not run the store lazily. At least, that’s what she said to herself whenever she thought of packing up and leaving when things slowed down.

Clara always got lost in this idealized version of herself. The smallest waist, the laciest clothes, the tallest heels, the longest hair, and not a single visible negative emotion. The flower shop was -at least in her mind- the perfect place for her to practice this. And Clara knew that if she played her cards right, she could get the new hire, Bella to be the same.

Clara gripped the wooden table with force, her thin beige gloves scrunching up at the fingertips as she did so. Her bobbing and swaying intensified, her impatience to just get out and go home was growing, she grasped the sides of her dress and pursed her lips, and almost like relapsing into a drug, she pulled her pocket watch out. It was two minutes after closing.

Clara went outside to grab the watering can. She pumped the water pump outside to fill it up, and went back inside to water all of the plants. After she finished, she put out all the lamps, locked all the doors, and began her two mile walk home. There was a small dirt road cutting through the rye that led out from the parking lot of the flower shop, Clara chose to walk home down this road every morning & night, no easy task in her heels. A specially not when it was pitch black, and she couldn’t see the rocks that almost broke her ankles every couple of steps.

Clara could see her house slowly approaching, a decently sized three-story farmhouse that she inherited from a family member. It was lined with baby blue siding and had a light grey tile roof with a skylight.

Clara slowly ascended the front porch steps, and unlocked her front door to enter. It creaked loudly as it opened, and closed behind her with a hearty thud. Clara immediately unlaced her over-corset, and then her dress. She removed it, and tossed it aside, she would clean it up later. She also swapped out her dirty beige working gloves for a nice pair of silk arm-length white ones. Her bra and underwear was exposed now, along with her stockings with suspenders, all of them lacy and white. She clicked over to the kitchen, her high heels echoing through the empty house. All of her curtains were closed, and not a thing was visible through the complete darkness, but years of living like this meant she could navigate it without any issues.

She walked into the kitchen, and poured herself a glass of wine, and a second one for when this one was finished. She slowly made her way to the living room, grabbing a lighter from a corner table she passed by. When she heard her heels stop clicking on wood and start clicking on stone, she kneeled down and flicked the lighter.

After a few seconds of flicking the lighter and it not sparking, she gave up. She tossed the lighter aside and got up to go turn on the lights instead. Once she flicked them on, the living room was revealed. Above the fireplace was a radio, to its right was a shelf, and to its left was a mirror, an odd place to put one, but it didn’t matter, as Clara never had any visitors. Clara took a sip of her wine, and slowly walked over to the mirror, she gazed at herself, taking in all the features of her body, then she turned to the side, and rubbed her hands on her lower belly.

You see, working from 5 A.M. to after sundown every day in a shack two miles from the nearest house -her own- meant that her discipline was tested in many ways. It was almost always either baking hot, or freezing cold. Her only meal every day would be breakfast, and what proved to be the most difficult, she would be out standing for 12-16 hours a day depending on the season without any access to a bathroom.

Rest assured, this was intentional. Part of her plan to increase her self-discipline was to train herself to withstand any amount of pain or discomfort, and to do so with grace, grandeur, and ease. The unintended consequence is that her coworkers would have to go through it too. Clara didn’t mind, everyone needed to learn to control themselves, after all. Usually this ended up with coworkers quitting after a few days, but not only had Bella not quit yet, but she had remained employed with Clara for the longest time yet.

Clara needed to make the idea of keeping her bladder shut and staying quiet about it a palpable, almost intruiging idea to Bella. She just needed to find out how.

Clara continued to rub her belly, it was distended, swollen, it looked disgusting. She wondered if it had propped up her dress while she was serving customers. She pressed it with her hand, and the whole bulge moved as one mass, it had no give whatsoever, when Clara lifted her hand, it left a yellow handprint on the shiny red mass of urine sticking out of her.

She continued to turn to the side, looking at her profile. Not only did her bladder stick out further than her -albeit small- chest, but it drooped down slightly. The handprint had almost completely faded, displaying the redness of her stressed skin, it was glossy too, like a film of oil had been rubbed over it. Clara grinned at herself and posed a little, lifting and rubbing her heavily distended bladder.

Something about it just looked so nice.. like a reward of beauty for keeping herself so prim and proper for all that time. She continued to rub her bladder and trace her gloved fingers on it lightly with one hand while sipping wine with the other. Something was different about this full bladder though.

This didn’t feel entirely like a reward, she felt like she had just started a task. Like she had begun to satisfy a need that she never knew she had.

She returned to the kitchen to grab her other glass of wine, and almost immediately gravitated back to the mirror. She continued admiring her bladder, in her head, it looked like it fit her, like it was a part of her that she didn’t know she had until now. It was hard for her to believe that underneath her voluminous, innocent dresses, she looked like this.

After a while of standing around admiring her newly-formed figure in the mirror, a combination of the wine buzz and bodily stress from holding back all of her urine all day made her drowsy. She slowly clicked her way upstairs, and went into her bedroom. She turned on the lights, and just looked at her bed. She glanced at the clock on her nightstand, it was 9:50. She tilted her head down to look at her bladder, bloated and red as it was prior. Surely, she couldn’t possibly hold it in bed. She really wanted to sleep though..

In the end, Clara went to the attached bathroom, and relieved herself. She glanced at herself in the mirror as she left, quite dissatisfied with the lack of bladder in her belly. Alas, she was growing far too tired, and staying stood -especially in her usual 13 centimeter heels- would not be a smart idea when tired. She turned off the lights, slowly clicked her way to her bed, and slid into her bedsheets, ready for a hearty snooze.

Edited January 5, 2023 by Mariomo (see edit history)

*004*2023-01-05 01:39

{{ 

14 hours ago, Marty Silver said:

A lovely interesting story to read. For what it's worth, I'm sure that Clara has come close to "watering the flowers" a few times because of her obsession with discipline

}}

Tsk tsk! Clara is far too proper to even let the thought of that graze her mind! She is so drunken with her desire to be perfect, that she really can convince herself she doesn't have to go. Notice her lack of desperation at home despite drinking alcohol and looking at her far overfilled bladder? working on pt2 now...

*005*2023-01-05 04:33

Clara’s high heels carefully crunched through the gravel in the greenhouse, she slowly walked around the many planters, inspecting the flowers within each one. Today she was wearing a long, droopy lavender dress with white frills, with a large white bow in her hair.

Bella stood behind the counter, impatiently staring at the sun as it seeped behind the hills. She was bouncing in place rapidly, her legs tightly crossed, though not visible from in front of the counter. Her skin was a sickly white, unlike its usual pink shade. She was wearing a dark red velvet dress, it was quite loose, but held firmly in place by a corset that squeezes her waist to a mere 20 inches.

“Clara..” mumbled Bella.

“Yes?”

“Can you check the time? Should I.. close soon?” She asked, her voice clearly stressed.

“Let’s see, come outside, we’ll time the sunset.”

Bella’s face scrunched into a pained pout. Evidently, she didn’t want to move, but she’d come off suspicious if she denied walking just a few steps. In truth, she had been holding her pee in all day, maybe longer, as she had skipped her morning pee after waking up late. Her bladder was beginning to hurt a lot more than normal, and she was having trouble hiding the discomfort from her boss.

Bella slowly shuffled outside, her legs pressed tightly together under her all-consuming dress. Clara was outside, holding her pocket watch to see the time.

“And..?” Bella asked meekly, internally praying for the sun to just drop faster.

“Just a minute.”

“Umfh..”

Clara turned and looked at Bella, whose hands were on her knees, breathing heavily. “Are you alright?”

“I’m so sorry.. It’s just..” Bella sharply exhaled, “My back really hurts all of a sudden.”

“It’s probably that little corset you’re wearing. Tighten your waist any more, and you’ll snap in half.”

“Uph.. Maybe.”

“I should probably get myself a tighter one soon, though.”

“Clara- the time..” Blurted Bella.

“Yes,” Clara looked at her watch. ”And no. You’re here another hour before closing. I’ll see you tomorrow, then.”

“But wait!”

Clara was already hoisting up her handbag. “Hm?”

“Don’t you have to stay too?”

“It was not closing time at 7 yesterday. I just let you go an hour early since you seemed like you had something important to do.”

“Oh.. I guess.. That’s alright.”

“Good night, Bella. Remember to lock the doors!”

Bella nodded, tears already welling up in her eyes. The pain she was feeling was beginning to far overwhelm her, and as soon as Clara disappeared around a corner in the dirt road she walked down, Bella clumsily stumbled into the greenhouse, and stood behind the counter. She lifted her dress to reveal her undergarments, and grasped her nether regions with all of her force. She grit her teeth, and whined audibly, bouncing in place in an attempt to express her desire to use the washroom to the lack of people around her.

Some time passed, and the initial shock of being all alone with her bladder had subsided. Though Bella was still in overwhelming pain, she still bobbed and bounced rapidly in place, legs crossed, her hands had not let go since she first grasped herself 30 minutes ago, she was too focused on trying to make it home. On top of the 30 minutes left on her shift, it would take her another 30 to properly check everything and close -which she knew would get her in trouble if she didn’t- and another hour to bike home. The back pain from earlier had gotten much worse, and pulsated sharply. -she didn’t know that her backed up urinary system was the cause- just about everything she felt, even the soft rub of her dress against her skin drove her mad. She had spent the past half hour intermittently weeping when the pain got especially bad. She didn’t know, but her makeup was running down her face from the tears.

Her mind raced with reminders of how humiliating it would be if the townsfolk saw her with a wet dress. It would ruin her! She would become the town’s fool! She needed to act natural, not a soul could possibly know she had a deathly need to relieve herself. She needed to look proper. With all of her might, she clenched her sphincter shut, and unraveled her back, standing up straight. She gently rested her black gloved hands on the counter, and tried to correct her face.

There! Now she looked normal.

She did not. Her flowing dress was interrupted and propped up by something in her belly, it made her look pregnant. Her stance was stiff and artificial like a mannequin, and her face looked like she had just been shot but was trying to pretend it didn't hurt. Her entire body was shaking like it was about to fall to pieces, and her makeup was running so much from her prior tears, that it had left a stain trail down her neck.

Despite this, somehow, through sheer will, she had managed to make it to closing time. She slowly tiptoed through each task, every minute movement sending each nerve in her body into a frenzy of pain. After each task was done, her eyes settled on a sight she needed to see. Her bright red cruiser bicycle.

But how would she make it home? She knew very obviously that riding her bike would demand too much from her, she would burst if she even tried to mount it in this state. She sighed, defeated. She grasped the handlebars of her bike, nudged up the kickstand, and began the torturous walk home.

Bella arrived home an hour late that night, but it's not like anyone was there to be waiting for her. She shakily tried to unlock her door, missing the keyhole a dozen times in the process. She was nauseous, her vision was blurred, her balance was far off, and every bit of her body was simultaneously numb and in unspeakable pain. As she stepped inside, she swayed dizzily, almost forgetting what her main priority was. Almost as if she was blind drunk, she stumbled across her living room to her washroom. she slowly lifted her dress and pulled down her undergarments. she fell back like a sack of sand onto the toilet, and let go of her bladder.

Just like that, her bladder, her ureters, and her kidneys drained over 24 hours of urine from her. Her pain subsided, and her stress flowed out with the golden rapids beneath her. Bella rose from he toilet slowly, and made her way to her room. She unlaced her corset, tossed it aside, and opened her dresser to look for new one to wear both to bed, and for the following while. She was worried that putting on this one would make her back pain worse like Clare mentioned, but she really did want a truly tiny waist...

*010*2023-03-24 04:57

I think I may stop updating this story altogether, not that big of news for people who know me, I tend to jump between stories like that.

Bella found herself in an awfully familiar situation. Only a day had passed since her prior incident, but she had once again woken up late, and was rushing to work without a bathroom break, her last one being taken as she arrived home at 9 last night.

She crested the hill that the greenhouse resided on 15 minutes early since she had rushed so much. She didn’t think much about it, but she already somewhat had to relieve herself, having technically held it almost 8 hours already. As she approached the shop, she noticed that it was lifeless. Clara wasn’t in there setting it up for the day. She slowly walked to the front door, the early autumn breeze disturbing her complicated deep blue dress, she could see a sign posted to it. She squinted, taking some time to read it.

“Shop closed for the weekend.”

How could Bella be so silly? It was Saturday! She sighed a sigh of relief, today would be a good day, having a day all to herself to lay in her house and... Well, there wasn’t much to do. She heard the faint sound of gravel crunching to her right.

“Bella!”

“Huh? Oh, Good Morning, Clara!”

Clara slowly approached, she wore a glistening white dress. It engulfed almost her entire person, seemingly leaving only her face visible, and that too was under a thin veil hanging from all around the brim of her summer hat. The entire dress was an indecipherable menagerie of frills and flows, the only true sense of shape coming from where Clara’s usual corset brutally crushed her torso, and the dress. It all shined blindingly bright in the early morning sun. It had some type of metal on it that reflected the sun tenfold.

“Bella, since we won’t be working today, I wanted to tell you that it would be a great pleasure if you were to come to my house for the day.”

Bella was thankful for the invite, as Clara’s house was closer to the greenhouse than Bella’s by a long shot. She would be able to relieve herself earlier than anticipated. And she would have someone to talk to for the day rather than just sitting at home and twiddling her thumbs.

“Come on, I’m sure you’re eager for a break from standing in that little greenhouse all day.”

Bella nodded, eager to see what Clara’s home would be like. Clara stepped closer to Bella, and reached her white silk-gloved hand out. Bella removed her dirty, worn work gloves, revealing that her hands too were wrapped extra-tightly in a layer of black suede, something she had done to try and impress her boss. Imitation is the best form of flattery after all.

Clara slowly locked her hand with Bella’s, and gently pulled her down the path to her house. It was a little strange, Clara’s grip was so gentle that it barely even felt like their hands were touching, merely grazing eachother every now and then, but the feeling of being pulled was very real, though still absurdly polite and gentle, in a way that was distinctly Clara’s.

It took two miles of walking in silence, but they had eventually made it to Clara’s doorstep. Bella was pleasantly surprised by the size of Clara’s house, she wondered how Clara could afford such a nice place while only running a tiny flower shop, probably inheritance.

Clara slowly let go of Bella’s hand, and motioned for her to come on in. Bella took a step, but was quickly stopped by Clara’s outstretched arm, “Are you wearing high heels?” She asked.

Bella lifted her dress a little, she was not. It made sense, the whole greenhouse had a rocky gravel floor, and Clara would almost stumble over every step she took. Bella knew that wearing high heels while working all day in that shop would be a death sentence, especially with how full her bladder got, she’d probably fall over and wet herself.

Oh, her bladder.

The walk from the stand to Clara’s house had given her bladder time to fill further, and it was now alerting Bella to its presence again.

