Alyssa Jones - Sniper, Mercenary, Badass

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2020-06-12 16:09

She was a sniper. A mercenary. Kind of a badass. Definitely a badass. And her key was patience and an insanely mathematical mind. So how did she get caught in this situation?

You don't know yet, do you? Let's backtrack about three days, but don't worry, we'll cut here and there. Alyssa Jones, who also goes by a few other aliases such as Archangel, DFA or 'death from above' (she wasn't fond of this one, acronyms make stupid names.) and a few other ones that are a little less nice. She stands above 5'7, slender, long blonde hair. Almost white. She looks like the 'girl next door' type, but she's a motherfucking contract killer. At least, that's how some of her friends put it. But Alyssa isn't really the Arnold Schwarzenegger run-and-gun type of contract killer. She's a sniper, but you know that. A Barrett M82 is her weapon of choice, and she's damn good with it.

Most contract killers in a city like Baltimore need to go through The Ring if they want to get high-paying jobs, and The Ring is pretty exclusionary. If you aren't contracted to The Ring, you're probably one of those assassins who has to go kill some cheating ex-husband in his 2005 Corolla. Maybe a few grand? Not worth it for Alyssa's talent. She goes for the cream of the crop missions, and every single CEO, government official and overall rich prick who wants someone dead that's affiliated with The Ring knows she only takes those jobs.

But three days ago. Right, stay focused, because this has some twists and turns. Alyssa was slumped against the wall of her downtown Baltimore apartment cleaning her gear. She utilized a thin metal alloy armor that covered essential parts of her body and deflected or absorbed most small-arm fire. It was painted black and orange - her two favorite colors because her favorite holiday was Halloween. She'd only been home maybe a few hours from her previous job, it was kind of a bust. The target wasn't where the intel said they'd be.

'Logistics needs to get their fucking shit together,' she thought to herself. A job failed, even if it was on The Ring, still equals no money.

Alyssa was itching for a new job - and it wasn't that she enjoyed this job all that much, it was more so the fact that she's kind of bad with money. That's an understatement, she's fucking atrocious at handling money. And to her slight surprise, she was rewarded. Her second phone, a little flip phone with only a few numbers in it started to ring. Immediately Alyssa jumped from her floor seat to the night table where the phone was ringing. An unknown caller.

"Archangel here," she answered, trying not to sound too excited.

"Texting you a link in a few seconds. This is a courtesy call. Information is on the link," a dark and distorted voice replied and immediately hung up.

The link appeared in her messages. She laughed to herself for a minute. A fucking Craigslist link. Alyssa sped over to her desk and sat down in front of her open laptop. She typed the link verbatim into the search bar, and sure as hell, her Craigslist ad.

'King-sized mattress at Icarus Manufacturing. Top floor, must be removed by 9:00 A.M., June 15th.'

"Icarus, the skyscraper twelve blocks from here," Alyssa said to herself. She knew the building. She'd never done a job there, but it was flashy. Hard to miss. She understood exactly what they were asking for. King-size mattress? The CEO, top floor. She looked at the date at the bottom right of her laptop. It was the 12th, she had three days to scope out the entire building and make this happen. A job like this had to at least be worth a hundred thousand. Very few vantage points to where she could get a clean shot, not to mention that high up, the wind will factor heavily into her shot. And that's just it, in jobs like these, you only get one shot.

Alyssa had taken on harder jobs than this, but this job was going to be big. It's going to be all over the news for one - and that building is really a fortress. Icarus is a very well known company in the city, and if someone gets a look at her, it could be game over.

Fast forward a day and a half. She's done every bit of internet research she could of possibly done on this building, company and target - a younger CEO by the name of Alex Windfall. Alyssa might come off as a bit of a loose cannon in a lot of ways, but her mind is a constant chess match where she's always trying to one up herself. It was about five o'clock in the afternoon, and she knew tonight she had to scope it out in person. See how late this guy sticks around and see what's going to be an in-person problem. She had chose a skyscraper about half a mile away to stake out from. It was going to be sketchy trying to get to the top of this thing while sneaking around a fifty-caliber sniper rifle. But these problems in her experience usually worked themselves out.

Alyssa was prepared to gear up. She looked at her matte black and orange armor now sitting on her double-wide mattress. It fit over a thinner KEVLAR custom catsuit that made acrobatics and general sneakiness a bit easier than something big and baggy. From bottom to top, her black Nike's and black Nike socks immediately met the catsuit, which had metal alloy armor on her shins, knees, thighs, torso, shoulders and forearms. Her hands were covered with black paintball gloves, and her head, last but certainly not least, a bad-fucking-ass helmet where she let her long blonde hair hang out of. It was kind of like those full-head motorcycle helmets, except thinner and easier to manage in. She had a one-way visible visor she could move up and down and some cushioning - but not too much. The helmet wasn't made to be this big bulky thing. It's been said a few times already, but this shit was fucking cool.

After putting on her suit, she grabbed her sniper rifle case - equipped with a scope that could magnify up to 2 kilometres away, three magazines for her sniper, a Beretta sidearm pistol with a few magazines and a smoke grenade. She was able to wear the case like a large backpack, but it was a bit heavy. Luckily Alyssa wasn't the walking type. In the parking garage underneath her apartment building, she leased a separate stall exclusively for her baby - a Kawasaki Ninja that got just shy of two hundred miles per hour. This bike was not to be fucked with. Completely matte black, any chrome spray painted over. Light fuses could be removed fairly easily.

The Archangel got on her bike, fully prepared to scope out this building. Hopefully this would go off without a hitch, and in two days or less she'd wake up to a hundred thousand.

To be continued..

Notes: So this was the first ever original story I've tried, and it was really fun. Not much omorashi at all in it, but there's a big tease for it in the beginning and end. I really want to actually dedicate myself to writing a long series, and I hope that this is it! Sometimes with the CW Fanfictions, I find it hard to get inspiration, so I'm really sorry for all the ones I have left open. I hope you guys really like this story and what it sets up! I promise a lot more omo in the followups!

