Girls Dancing in Desperation

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2023-07-27 21:17

Colly's heart pounded in frustration as she danced from one foot to the other outside the bathroom. Her brother's friend, Adam, had been hogging it for what felt like an eternity, and the urgency of her bladder made the situation unbearable.

"Adam, seriously, are you done in there?" Colly called out, trying to keep her voice steady despite her desperation.

Inside the bathroom, she could hear the faint sound of music playing, and Adam's laughter mixed with the running water. He was deliberately taking his time, relishing in Colly's discomfort.

"Come on, Colly, just a few more minutes!" Adam teased, knowing full well that she couldn't wait any longer.

Colly's cheeks flushed with embarrassment as she continued to dance, crossing and uncrossing her legs in a desperate attempt to hold on. She was wearing a white top and a yellow skirt, her blonde hair cascading over her glasses as she pleaded with Adam to hurry up.

Just when she thought she couldn't bear it any longer, her sister Racilla appeared on the scene. Racilla had striking red hair and was dressed in a white shirt and black pants. She was also in her twenties and a little overweight but still gorgeous and was carrying the same look of desperation as Colly.

"Ugh, this is so unfair! Why does Adam always take forever in the bathroom?" Racilla groaned, her voice full of irritation.

Colly nodded, empathizing with her sister's frustration. "I know, right? It's like he does it on purpose just to annoy us!"

Racilla's eyes darted between Colly's dancing figure and the closed bathroom door. "I can't hold it much longer, Colly. I need to go now!"

"I'm about to burst too," Colly admitted, trying to keep her composure.

They both continued to wait, but with each passing second, their desperation grew. The music from inside the bathroom only seemed to mock them, and they felt like they were trapped in a never-ending nightmare.

Finally, after what felt like an eternity, the bathroom door creaked open, and Adam emerged, a smug grin on his face. "Sorry for the wait, ladies. Nature calls, you know?"

@@just as Colly and racilla shoved each other to get in, he slammed the door in their face and locked the door again. They almost fainted in shock as their jaws hit the floor astounded by what Adam was doing just to tease.

@@to be continued

*001*2023-07-30 23:07

Chapter 2

“Adam come on!” Colly banged on the door. “You were done! Why are you keeping us out of the bathroom!” She scratched at the door while dancing foot to foot.

Racilla was keeping her legs tight together and knees crossed. Her ankles crossed too as she felt the pressure in her abdomen grew. She was biting her lips abs bouncing.

“Col…Colly,” Racilla moaned. “I have to go so so bad!”

“Yeah I do too!”

“I gotta go in before you, I’m seriously dying here!”

Colly’s jaw dropped and she looked shocked. How the hell could Racilla ask that. Didn’t she see how desperate she was as well.

“Racilla there is no way! I’ve been waiting longer and I’m about to explode.”

“Just listen to the calming waters ladies!” Said Adam who turned on the sink in the bathroom to full blast.

Colly and Racilla held into their bursting abdomens and bounced around in agony. They felt like cows who hadn’t t been milked in weeks and utters were about to explode. Colly wondered if this is what giving birth was like, and Racilla who has a kid knew this was worse.

“Adam!” Racilla cried. “Adam, Adam, please, I’m gonna pop. You were done, please let us in, I’ll do anything.”

Adam sat on the toilet both girls needed with an evil grin across his face. His legs shaking in and out with butterflies of excitement flying around the inside of his belly. His sexual arrousal increasing. If only he could see the girls on the outside of the door. He got a quick glimpse of them. Hmm

The door was banged in harder by both girls.

“Adam please!” Colly said, her legs twisted and hand deep in her crotch, pushing her panties into her crotch and she felt she could pee herself without control any second.

Racilla was leaning against the wall and bounced in the same position as Colly. They were desperate as hell.

To be continued

*003*2023-08-06 14:13

Chapter 3

“Owwwwwwwwwwww!” Yelled Racilla. She was sure the neighbors heard, and might call the police. She was bouncing so much that dust was falling from the basement ceiling onto their brother (Adams friend) who was still sleeping. Racilla couldn’t help it though as he pain was becoming unbearable. Shit, it was unbearable and she felt like she would pop any second as a huge aching pain went through her abdomen. She kept bending over with crossed legs and going back up and down. Her nice shaped ass piercing the black fabric of her pants.

“Adam!” Colly screamed. “We’re literally dying out here, why are you doing this?”

“I’m just ah washing my hands,” Adam said in an accent to mock them. He continued to let the water pour from the sink to torture them. His wiener had grown so huge. In his twenty two years of being alive it never became this aroused. He placed a hand on it and was about to pull on it but didn’t want to give away such a good orgasm yet. His chest was filled with butterflies though.

Colly was crying, dancing foot to foot unable to stop, and in just as much agony as Racilla. Her glasses fogged up from the tears and sweat running down her face.

“Maybe we should…should…g-go get Brian downstairs.” Colly said. She could barely keep her words together through all the discomfort.

“I’m not going to be able to make it down those stairs!” Racilla yelled. “If I move I’m going to burst!”

“So am I!”

There was a knock at the door of their house. The two poor twenty something aged girls looked at each other and hopped over to the front door. It was a cop.

“Umm hello off…officer,” Colly said.

“Hello ladies. Noise complaint from the neighbors. Everything ok here?”

The girls looked at each other in relief. They were saved. They told the cop about Adam occupying the bathroom from them as a tease, and begged for his help. The cop looked confused and walked up the stairs. .

“Hello, son?” Asked the cop. “Your friends here seem to be I need of the bathroom. Are you almost finished?”

“I’ll be out soon! Just rinsing my hands.”

“Okie dokie son. Well ladies, I’ll be seeing you.”

They were stunned. This could NOT be happening.

“That’s all you’re going to do?” Racilla asked.

“Ladies my job is to protect the town. I can’t diddle saddle to help two grown women get to a potty. He’ll be out soon.”

“He won’t!” Said Colly. “We’re telling you he’s teasing us. Please get him out!”

“Sorry ladies, off I go.” And so he left .

Colly and Racilla looked at each other in tears, their lips quivering, hugged each other and crossed their legs around each other bouncing in agony screaming.

To be continued

