University Accidents (Emma, Isabella, Maddy, Charlotte and Olivia)

Author: MiraOMO

*014*2020-03-02 20:25

New Chapter!!

CHAPTER 5 - Exam Season

The Christmas break was over. It was a new year and the girls had returned back to the flat, but, only four of them had returned. Due to ‘personal reasons’, Maddy had decided to drop out of uni. She’d left a long message in the group chat explaining how she didn’t think the course was right for her - and that she’d be starting again next year, doing something different.

Initially reading the message, Olivia had felt extremely guilty. Her last proper memory of Maddy had been her flooding her leggings that night - not that the other girls knew but it was playing on Olivia’s mind. Charlotte who was probably closest to Maddy brought the message up over dinner.

“I wonder what’s happened?” Charlotte said, as the girls sat round the table.

“Yeah…I hope she’s okay?” Isabella replied quickly.

“May be she just didn’t like the course…or being so away from home.” Olivia added.

“Yeah but personal reasons…?” Charlotte replied, probing, not fully realising the girls didn’t have any of the answers.

“We’ll have to invite her back though…on a night out?” Emma suggested. All the girls looked over in her direction.

“YES!“ Charlotte exclaimed before lowering her voice and continuing, “We can get her back for one final night out…at the end of the year may be?”

“Sounds like a plan!” Isabella replied.

The girls finished their food and one by one stacked their dishes up the side.

“I’ll clean them.” Olivia said, standing over the sink. She genuinely did feel guilty about whole situation (even though it wasn’t her fault) and wanted to give something back to the girls. Maddy had been one of the louder girls in the flat and she would definitely be missed.

—-

January had been the toughest month so far for the girls as it was exam season - nothing out of the ordinary had happened though with regards to any accidents. Saying all this, the exams had come and gone quickly. All the girls, except for Emma, felt like they hadn’t put in a sufficient amount of revision.

That’s why Isabella and Charlotte were sat in the library, early one morning - before their respective final exams. Isabella was wearing a white top with high waisted blue jeans, whist Charlotte wore a black top, and a short black skirt, showing off her toned legs.

“Why didn’t you study with Emma?” Isabella asked. “I mean…she knows everything.”

“Thats the problem…she knows everything, and I don’t.” Charlotte replied, half laughing to herself.

“You could just get her to teach you.” Isabella fired back.

“Bit late now anyway…” Charlotte said with a dejected look on her face whilst staring blankly at her revision notes. She knew she probably wasn’t going to learn anything now anyway.

A moment passed. “Yeah, I’m screwed too.” Isabella said, she was stressed.

Charlotte’s mind thought of her evening plans. “I just can’t wait for the party tonight.” She said, a smile breaking on her face in the process. The girls had planned a flat party, they knew it wouldn’t be the same without Maddy but that wasn’t going to stop them.

“Tell me about it!” Isabella replied. She definitely was excited for the flat party but her main priority was her exam. She’d always been smart at school but these university exams had really challenged her, she hadn’t nearly prepared enough.

Nevertheless, she continued, “What you going to wear?”

‘Honestly, I’ve no idea…” Charlotte hadn’t even thought about it. She was trying to process what she’d just read but her mind wasn’t taking any of her notes in.

The girls spent another ten minutes in the Library, it was no use though. They both aimlessly looked at their revision notes but nothing was going in at all. Isabella was really stressing, and whilst rubbing her sweaty hands together; saw the time on her watch.

“Shit!” Isabella said loudly. “Exams start in five minutes.” Her face went red.

Charlotte quickly got out her phone to check. “Fuck.”

The girls rushed out of the library, throwing their notes and books into their bags. The exam halls were a five minute walk from the library and so the girls knew they’d have to run. Darting across the hallway and down the stairs - the girls had just made it to their exams in time.

Emma was already stood in line when Isabella and Charlotte had got there from the Library.

“I thought you’d forgotten.” Emma said as Charlotte slipped in line next to her.

“No we just…lost track of time…we were in the library.” Charlotte replied whilst panting.

“Well good luck!” Emma replied.

“Thanks! You too.” The girls were then ushered into one of the exam halls.

“I’ll wait for you here after…” Charlotte heard Isabella call out from behind who was being ushered in the other direction - towards another exam hall.

Isabella was panicking, she definitely hadn’t revised enough for this and had been stressing out so much before, she’d forgotten to use the toilet. ‘Its only two hours’ she told herself. Once all the students were sat down, one of her tutors walked round carefully placing an exam booklet on each desk.

‘Fuck…looks more like a novel than an exam booklet’ Isabella sighed to herself. She knew this was going to be tough.

The tutor then walked to the front of the hall and shouted ‘You may start…now!’ Isabella flicked open the first page of the booklet and rolled her eyes. She instantly saw a topic that she hadn’t revised - could this get any worse?

Charlotte wasn’t in a too dissimilar state to Isabella. Getting to her exam super late had made her extra nervous and so she needed to pee. She was angry with herself as the only reason she’d gone to the library early was to run over a few topics and not be late.

To make matter worse for Charlotte, she couldn’t stop thinking about how she was the only person to have two marks to her name on the accident chart. She couldn’t concentrate anymore and so glanced over at Emma who was already writing away.

The exam seemed to take an eternity for Isabella and with thirty minutes remaining, she was getting very desperate. Whilst writing with one hand, she was jamming her other into her crotch. She painfully watched as the hands on the clock slowly went round.

She was doing so well but then her eyes then widened, she dribbled. She jammed her hand harder into her crotch. ‘Five more minutes,’ dribble. ‘Four more minutes,’ dribble. Isabella’s panties were getting damper. ‘Three more minutes,’ dribble. It was now quite obvious Isabella was desperate, both her hands were jammed into her crotch and her legs were crossed, bobbing up and down.

With a minute left the first spurt came out. Isabella had only ever previously felt something like this after the halloween party. She needed to the toilet now. She could not wet herself in the exam hall. ‘Not here…not here…not here…please’ Her mind was racing.

The exam had ended and by the time all the booklets had been collected, She was on the verge of having a full blown accident. She quickly examined her jeans, she didn’t think that there would be a damp spot - but there was and it was larger than she thought.

Charlotte and Emma had luckily got out of their exams a little early and waited for Isabella in the hallway.

“Where is she?…I need to pee!” Charlotte said too Emma, with a panicked look in her eye. Charlotte was starting to get desperate - her crossed legs shaking. Emma wasn’t sure what to make of the whole situation, her insides were tingling, Charlotte’s desperation was turning her on.

“She’s there!” Emma raised her hand and pointed to Isabella who was hurrying out of the other exam hall.

Isabella had instantly spotted the girls as she left the hall but was dealing with a major problem - she couldn’t stop dribbling in her panties. She knew if she stopped now, nearly five-hundred students would see her flooding her jeans. At the this point though, she didn’t care about any accident - she just wanted to be alone.

Both Emma and Charlotte could see that something was wrong with Isabella as she walked towards them - although neither said anything. The closer Isabella got, the darker the front of her jeans seemed to get. Both the girls realised she was wetting her jeans.

Charlotte could see that Isabella was in some distress and grabbed her hand and gestured, “This way.”

Hand in hand, Charlotte was doing her best to get Isabella to the nearest toilet whilst also doing her best to stop herself having an accident. As the girls ran down the final corridor, which lead to the toilet, Isabella could already feel the warm peeing running down her legs.

“Babe…you got this.” Charlotte said, as she felt her black panties getting warm. She wasn’t sure if she was telling that to herself, or trying to keep Isabella’s hopes up.

“I’m wetti…” Isabella couldn’t finish her sentence. She let go of Charlotte’s hand, who had quickly pushed open the door to the girls toilet and entered. It was too late, Isabella froze. Isabella couldn’t control it anymore.

“NOO…” Isabella cried out. The burning sensation was now being relieved. Isabella couldn’t lie, the relief felt great, but not like this. The small streaks that had already formed down her jeans whilst walking over were now being re-covered in warm pee. The denim sticking to her legs.

There was a constant hissing sound, and no stopping the jets that fired out of her. Her bum, thighs, legs, even her ankles were getting soaked. She was fully shaking, and her legs were quivering hard. She could see students with their phones out, taking pictures and recording.

A now, nineteen year old Isabella, had just pissed her pants at university - humiliated.

Charlotte on the other hand had rushed into the toilet, and had darted towards the nearest cubicle - sitting down and firing pee into the toilet. Charlotte had made it - just. There was no denying her black panties were wet, along with the top of her bum and thighs but she’d managed to escape the worst of it.

Once she’d finished peeing, she wiped the back of her legs down with some paper towels and examined the damage. Her skirt, ands shoes were fine. For once, she hadn’t been the one to have the accident.

Emma had followed the girls but had kept a distance behind. She watched the whole accident unfold as large dark streaks had formed on Isabella’s jeans - everywhere. Her mind was racing so badly. After having her own incident on the bus, watching someone else have one was exhilarating. Her pussy was throbbing and she wanted to touch it so badly but knew she couldn’t, not here anyway.

Emma quickly snapped out of it and ran over to Isabella, pushing her inside the toilet.

Isabella was still frozen. “Emma…I’m…” Isabella was helpless.

Emma put both her hands on Isabella’s shoulders. “Its going to be fine.” She said unconvincingly.

Emma continued. “Wipe yourself down…dry yourself off. I’ve got my gym clothes in my bag. You can have them.”

Isabella nodded, tears running down her cheeks.

Charlotte unlocked the cubicle and came out when she heard the girls familiar voices. ‘Oh my god’ she thought to herself, Isabella’s accident had been bad. Charlotte couldn’t believe how much pee there was, and where it was. It had made its way all round her jeans and even to the top of her bum - presumably from wetting when she was sat down in the exam hall.

Emma had returned with her sports bag and was giving Isabella the clothes. Not a word was said between the girls. Isabella’s tears continued as she struggled to get off her soaked jeans and panties. She quickly dried herself down, and slid Emma’s spare clothes whilst dumping her own in the bin.

Isabella finally broke the silence. “Can we just stay in here for a bit?…I can’t go back out yet.”

Emma didn’t know what to say but blurted out “Everyone will have forgotten about it a few days.”

“It’ll be fine…honestly.” Charlotte added. “We’ve got the party to look forward too…”

That was the last thing on Isabella’s mind.

After a five minute wait, the girls slowly headed to the door and left the bathroom. Isabella had left a huge puddle outside the bathroom door. The corridor was almost empty with only a few students walking by. Isabella’s head and heart were pounding. She was having flashbacks of the whole incident - whilst holding back her tears.

As they all rounded the corner back to the exam halls, there was a larger influx of people. All eyes were on Isabella. Both Emma and Charlotte could hear the rumours as they walked past heading to the exit.

‘Oh my god. Thats the girl who pissed herself…’

‘She totally wet her pants…’

‘Apparently she even wet herself in the exam hall…’

‘Imagine pissing your pants at university…’

The girls finally made it through the crowd. Isabella could not wait to get back to the flat, she just wanted to lock herself in her room and never talk to anyone ever again.

*016*2020-03-04 13:36

{{On 3/2/2020 at 8:30 PM, Melificentfan said:

Damn poor Isabella but I totally loved the chapter

}}

I know, she's had a rough time.

The Next chapter will be out soon

*017*2020-03-08 21:45

Sorry! Work has been crazy busy of late. Bit of a longer chapter so I’ve broken it up into two parts.

Hope you all enjoy.

CHAPTER 6 - The Flat Party (PART 1)

Whilst Charlotte, Emma and Isabella had been doing their final exam. Olivia had been alone in the flat, putting up fairy lights and other decorations for the party. She must’ve spent a good hour sorting everything out before heading back to her room. She had been excited for the party, a blow out after three weeks of solid exams. Her alone time in the flat being broken as she could hear the girls out in the hallway.

There was a gentle knock at her door.

“Olivia?” Emma said from behind the door.

Olivia jumped off her bed and opened the door “Hey. What’s up?”

“Can we chat?” Emma replied still standing in the doorway.

“Course, are you okay? You’re making me nervous” Olivia laughed as her and Emma walked back over to her bed, both sitting down.

“Well…” Emma started but stopped.

“Go on.” Olivia gestured with her hand.

Emma got out her phone and opened up a video she’d been sent by one of her friends. Olivia watched the video and was shocked. The video showed Isabella wetting her pants, soaking her jeans - in university, right outside the toilet door.

Olivia glanced over Emma. “What the fuck!”

“I just thought…you know…you might have liked to see it.” Emma said.

“Emma!” Olivia punched Emma’s arm gently. “I guess I did though. Its hot”

Emma smiled back and texted the video to Olivia - Olivia’s phone making a ‘ping’ sound in the process.

Emma then reluctantly asked. “So, how did you know you liked it then?…wetting yourself?”

Olivia had a puzzled look on her face, “Well…um…it was after a night out. I’d never been so desperate before in my life. Honestly I think I leaked all the way home in the taxi.” Olivia let out a quick laugh. “And I thought I’d made it when I got to the toilet but…yeah…it just happened.”

There was a pause and Olivia didn’t like the silence.

“And I guess I liked the feeling.” She said to herself.

Emma fidgeted on the bed. “And now you do it on purpose?”

“Sometimes.” Olivia glanced over in the direction of her ensuite. “I know I’m safe when I’m in here…so yeah.”

There was another pause between the girls.

“Oh right.” Emma replied with a confusing look on her face. If anyone was to understand what she’d done that night on the bus it would be Olivia.

“Whats with all the questions?” Olivia barked back at Emma playfully pushing her.

“Haha, I don’t know.” Emma said lying. She knew this was her chance to open up. She could feel her body starting to sweat.

“Well…the thing is.” Emma continued. Olivia looked across and her ears pricked up.

“I know I don’t have any marks on the accident chart…” Emma paused. “…But I did have an accident.”

Emma looked down and her face turned a dark shade a red in embarrassment. Olivia’s face was frozen. She couldn’t quite believe what she was hearing. She had been desperate for Emma to have an accident out of all the girls and here she was telling it to her - on her own bed.

“Well say something.” Emma was regretting it now, her face burning up.

“What happened?” Olivia replied. She was desperate to know more.

“Umm…it was on the bus home from the hockey game.” Emma said, embarrassed.

“Oh shit! Did anyone see?” Olivia asked.

“No…well…it was outside the bus.” Emma paused once again. “Basically the bus broke down and a few of us needed to pee. I made it to the back of the bus but I just couldn’t stop it.”

“Oh god. I’m so sorry.” Olivia replied quickly making brief eye contact with Emma.

“I’d basically already wet the bus seat anyways…” Emma laughed.

Olivia’s mind was already creating images of Emma squirming in her seat, dribbling in her panties before flooding them behind the bus.

“You don’t have to add it to the chart if you don’t want?…no one will know” Olivia said.

“Oh…I…yeah, can we keep it between us?” Emma replied nervously.

“Sure. That’s okay.” Olivia gently reached over and touched Emma’s arm. “It happens babe, don’t worry.”

Emma wasn’t worried, she’d liked doing it. She knew she needed to tell Olivia, she wanted to tell Olivia. This was her moment.

“I liked it!” Emma blurted out loudly.

There was a pause.

“Wetting…?” Olivia replied slowly. This would be her dream - her crush liked wetting herself.

“Yes.” Emma sighed. “I didn’t know who to tell…and…watching Isabella today” She broke off.

“You sound like me” Olivia joked.

“God…why do I feel like this?” Emma laughed. There was another slight pause between the girls.

“Have you done it again since?…wet yourself?” Olivia asked cautiously.

Emma looked over. “No…” Her mind was racing. “But I guess I wouldn’t be against it you know?”

Olivia’s eyes widened, had she just heard right. Another girl in the same flat as her wanted to have ‘accidents’ - just like she did. It was her chance to dig deeper and see what Emma really wanted.

“Is that why you came to me?” Olivia laughed.

“May be.” A smile escaping from Emma’s lips.

Olivia smiled back. “Well…do you want to have a competition?”

“What do you mean?” Emma said, still smiling.

“Like…a holding competition?” Olivia couldn’t believe she’d just asked Emma that.

Emma fidgeted, “Um…okay.”

“At a certain point in the night, we can’t use the bathroom. And then just see…” Olivia broke off watching Emma’s eyes.

Emma thought for a second, “But what if I can’t hold…?”

“Well that’s the point…you have an accident.” Olivia gently smiled at Emma.

Emma’s mind went back to the time she’d ran off the bus, slowly wetting herself, the warmth around her crotch, the way her pussy throbbed; she did want to feel that again.

“Okay.” Emma replied back.

“Great” Olivia said a little to enthusiastically. “Yeah…so…I’ll keep checking in with you throughout the night.”

Emma looked over, “Sure.”

"Don’t be nervous. If you have an accident… then…you have an accident. It happens.” Olivia quickly fired back.

The girls said their goodbyes and Emma headed back to her room to get ready. Olivia was excited to see a beautiful Emma desperately holding her pee, it would be a dream to her. She knew that she was in for a night to remember. Emma on the other hand, was nervous but very excited.

—-

Once Isabella had returned home to the flat, she escaped into her room and dived on to her bed. She couldn’t believe what she’d just done. She’d pissed her pants at nineteen, it was inexcusable. She’d made an exception for the Halloween accident because she was so drunk but this, disgusting. Isabella had two younger sisters who would get told off if they ever had accidents, who knew what her mum would say if she ever found out about this.

She sat on her bed thinking about it. The warmth, the humiliation. She didn’t even know if she wanted to drink tonight, she probably would but she’d be glad to see her friends, that was for sure. She needed anything or anybody to take her mind off the accident. After some careful deliberation with herself, this was an accident she couldn’t play down, she escaped to the kitchen and added another mark against her name before heading back to her room.

Isabella had slowly started getting ready, putting on a cute white lace top and some black spray on jeans. Her phone had been ‘pinging’ constantly and she knew that it was her friends - probably letting her know they were on their way. Isabella’s friends, Ellie and Hannah had arrived a little early. They marched down the hallway of the flat with plastic bags in their hands filled with bottles of alcohol.

Isabella was sat waiting for them in the kitchen. “Hey!” She shouted, slowly getting up off her stool and giving them hugs.

“This place is so nice.” Hannah remarked, It was her first time seeing the flat.

“That’s because Olivia has cleaned it. It's usually a mess.” Isabella fired back.

The three girls, who were on the same course, had planed to move into a three bedroom house next year. It was small but had a nice feel about it and after everything that had gone on here already, Isabella couldn’t wait to get out and move.

After the quick introductions, both Ellie and Hannah were straight on to the drinks. They poured themselves vodka cokes.

“You want one?” Ellie asked, in the direction of Isabella.

“Sure, why not.” Isabella replied.

Ellie and Hannah were both part of the cheerleading society and had finally convinced Isabella to join. Both were pretty hard partiers, and hard gym goers but knew Isabella would be up for the challenge. Also, neither wanted to bring it up, but both had seen the video of Isabella wetting her jeans in university. It was quite a common thing though on the cheerleading night outs for a girl to wet herself, or pass out and wet the bed.

“I want to get so drunk tonight.” Ellie said.

“Same.” Isabella mumbled. She needed anything to take her mind off things and make her day better.

“Congrats on getting in to cheer society.” Hannah said smiling whilst taking a large sip of her drink.

“Its going to be amazing.” Ellie added.

“Thanks girls.” Isabella said.

They clinked their glasses together and drank.

It wasn’t long before the party was in full swing. Music blasting out in the kitchen and drinks being passed around in all directions. Isabella, Hannah and Ellie were definitely the most drunk, they’d started early and it was catching up with them.

‘down it, down it, down it’ There was then a large cheer from the girls as Isabella had downed another drink. Isabella didn’t know if she could stand up at this point. She stumbled up, gathering her balance and headed towards her room, she was going to be sick.

Ellie and Hannah watched as Isabella made her way out of the kitchen in a hurry. Isabella rushed into her room and then to her ensuite. As she opened the toilet she threw up, it made her tired. She rested her against the toilet seat and closed her eyes.

—-

Charlotte’s start to the party had been a slow one. She’d got dressed and done her makeup in her room by herself. She put on a simple black top with some blue jeans, she was looking forward to the party but was tired from the exams. She also missed having Maddy around, they’d got a lot closer lately and then she’d suddenly just left. Charlotte was being polite, getting involved in the drinking games and trying to talk to as many people as possible. The party started to get interesting after midnight. She observed that Isabella was super drunk along with her friends, and Emma seemed to be drinking a lot, which was super unusual for her.

Charlotte had been playing some drinking games with the girls and then headed back to her room to use the bathroom.

“Charlotte?” She heard her name being called and turned around to see James walking towards her. She’d wanted to avoid him all night. She was still mortified from last time he’d been here.

“Hey…” She said softly.

“You avoiding me?” James fired back, now a step away from her.

“No, just been busy.” There was no denying the flat was busy but she had obviously been avoiding him.

“You’re a bad liar.” James said, with a cheeky smirk on his face. Maddy had always said he was a cheeky guy, and here was the proof.

“Whatever…” Charlotte opened the door to her and entered, also letting James in.

“You’re not going to…you know…?” James’ eyes glancing down at Charlotte’s crotch.

“Fuck off.” Charlotte shut the door to her ensuite and used the toilet, normally.

“At least you made it this time.” Charlotte heard James through the door.

Charlotte washed her hands and went back out into her room.

“What are you doing?” Charlotte remarked, as she saw James looking around her room.

James looked over and sat down on her bed, “I’m just saying hey, you’re the one being weird about everything.”

A frustrated Charlotte went and sat down next to him on the bed, “I’m not. You’re just…invading my space right now.” Ushering him off the bed.

“Fine.” James stood up and walked over the door.

“Why you so bothered anyways?…Just because Maddy isn’t here you want to talk to me?” Charlotte remarked.

James stopped by the door, “What? You were friends? Am I not allowed to talk to you?”

Charlotte walked over to him. “Forget it, people will talk if we stay in here any longer…”

“Talk?” James replied quickly.

Charlotte was getting agitated. “Stop being annoying, your charm won’t work on me like it did with Maddy.”

“Haha. Right on…don’t flatter yourself.” James laughed.

“Maddy did say you liked a girl with legs.” Charlotte snarled back sarcastically, flaunting her long legs in her skin tight jeans.

James scanned Charlotte up and down, he was here for one reason and one reason only - to get her out of her clothes and into bed.
