Reasons She Couldn’t Go: No Bathroom Available

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-06-27 00:15

No bathroom available

Georgina stood outside the queue of taxis at the airport chatting casually with the other drivers whilst drinking juice. It was a mild day and several international and local flights were due in making work likely after the usually mid morning lull. With short spiky hair dyed bright red, the body of a wrestler and tattoos down both arms Georgina stood out from the crowd. Outspoken, brassy, but incredibly beautiful in her own way with leggings and a dress top that amplified her large breasts, no-one messed with Georgina and she intended to keep it that way. Firm with the drug users and drunks but soft and tender with the disabled and young children she was one of the most respected and loved drivers for Go Cars.

A few passengers left the airport and Georgina finished her juice bottle and got into her cab and moved down slowly. Another group came out and little by little Georgina moved her cab to the front of the queue. Finally a passenger got in and Georgina clicked the meter on and asked the destination.

‘Haggerty Farm country house hotel please. Leesham Lane, High Wigan.’

‘That’s quite a journey sir. It’ll cost you around £70 if you are ok with that?’

‘Of course. How long do you think it will take mam? I have an important meeting to be at by 3pm there that I can’t miss.’

‘Sat nav is saying arrival time is 2:50 sir. Is that ok?’

‘Perfect’

And with no time to spare Georgina started the engine and headed to the motorway towards High Wigan, her passenger now settled and not very talkative and her car ready for the longer than usual journey.

‘Long time since I’ve been this far sir. I hope your flight went well?’

‘Yeah all good thanks. If you’ll excuse me I need to send some important emails.’

‘No no. Go ahead.’

For the next half hour there was no other conversation as Georgina headed off the motorway and onto a duel carriageway, still driving fast but slightly less so than on the motorway. As she passed a lay-by with a portaloo she felt a desire to go but time was of the essence and she carried on driving. Traffic was flowing well thankfully and her passenger seemed much more relaxed as she checked in the rear view mirror.

‘You’ll be pleased to know sir that we have made up some time already and expected time of arrival is now 2:46.’

‘Oh that’s brilliant. Thanks so much. It’s such a lovely route this isn’t it. Nothing beats the U.K. countryside regardless how many countries I visit.’

‘Have you travelled to many places then?’

‘Oh goodness yes mam. My passport is my best friend both for work and leisure. I fly more than some people drive...well maybe cab drivers like yourself excluded, but you know what I mean.’

Conversation continued freely as time passed and Georgina found her passenger both easy to talk to, interesting and clearly intelligent. She also concluded that he had a highly influential job which paid exceptionally well. He obviously couldn’t be late for his meeting so despite her bladder giving more frequent jibes Georgina knew that her role was to keep driving and get her passenger to where he needed to be.

Half an hour or so later and conversation was naturally dying down, partly because the passenger had received a few text messages and partly because Georgina was getting much more keen to use the toilet. The problem was there just wasn’t a toilet available as she drove through country road after country road with the odd lay-by but no sign of toilets anywhere. Besides she couldn’t afford to pull in even if there was one.

Finally a sign to High Wigan appeared and Georgina smiled. Hopefully her bladder would get release soon as there was no way she could drive the two hour route back without using a toilet first.

The closer Georgina got to High Wigan the more things became a little strange. She passed a police car sitting in a lay-by which she noted with interest. A few miles passed and another police car over took her cab on a two lanes stretch of road.

‘Goodness I wonder what’s going on here. It’s rare to see the police out so much in this quiet area.’

‘Ah I might be able to explain that. I can’t tell you much due to data protection but the conference is of international importance and security is tight. You will probably be directed once in the hotel car park and I will be escorted in by police and you will be expected to drive straight out again.’

‘Oh’

‘I hope that isn’t an inconvenience at all. It’s just down to security I’m afraid. There wouldn’t be anything in the hotel that you would be interested in anyway I imagine. Unless you are a journalist or press photographer but I somehow don’t think you look like one of them!’

While the passenger chuckled at his own comment Georgina couldn’t help feeling nervous and worried. She had in fact hoped to pop into the hotel reception and ask to use the ladies. Having been wanting to go for quite some time now the idea of driving back on a full bladder wasn’t appealing at all. She’s never ever wanted to be a journalist or a press photographer but the idea suddenly appealed just to gain access to a toilet!

After checking that her passenger was busy she gave herself a quick squeeze between her legs as she indicated to pull into the road of the hotel.

Sure enough there were police and security everywhere. Within a mile of the hotel she was stopped and a police officer asked her to put her window down. He asked who the passenger was and even requested proof which Georgina handed from the passenger to the police officer. Being watched meant Georgina had to squeeze her thighs privately as she wriggled a little in her seat. She thought about asking the police if she could use the toilets in the hotel reception quickly but she changed her mind when she looked at how solemn and stern the officer looked. She just had to hold a bit longer.

‘Right mam. When the officer waves you in you can proceed down this lane and you will be directed where to allow your passenger to disembark. You must keep your engine on and as soon as you are instructed to do so please drive back out and up this road. I must stress that no photographs may be taken of the hotel or area at all and you must not leave your vehicle for any reason. Is that understood?’

‘Yes of course’

Georgina wriggled a little more before pressing the clutch, putting the cab into gear and heading down the lane.

‘How much is the fair man?’

‘The meter is reading £72 sir. I hope that’s ok?’

‘Yes that’s fine. Thanks again. It’s been a lovely journey thanks and I really appreciate the prompt arrival time.’

Georgina was waved into a parking space right outside the main grand entrance as her passenger got out the driver’s side and handed Georgina a pile of notes through the window. With the engine still running Georgina did as instructed and reversed out and back down the lane, waving an acknowledgment to the policeman who had spoken to her just a few moments before.

Now Georgina was struggling! She had banked on being able to use the toilets at the hotel having been desperate for a while on the long journey. As she indicated to turn left onto the duel carriageway and round the roundabout she looked anxiously around for any signs of anywhere she could go. As earlier though police and security was high and a helicopter even circulated ahead. That meant even pulling into a lay-by and finding a bush wasn’t even an option.

The more Georgina thought about it the more she had to go. She turned round at the roundabout to head back to her home town thinking fast to find anywhere with a toilet. She thought back to the one portaloo she had seen on route but not only was it the opposite side of the road but it was also over an hour away yet and there was no way she could last that long!

With police still everywhere all she could do was drive and hold and she wedged a hand between her leg to do just that. Turning down a long stretch of windy country road she hoped the police would disperse and that a lay-by would appear. The road seemed to go on forever and will more and more bends Georgina was forced to hold the steering wheel with both hands having to squeeze her muscles hard and wriggle on the seat.

Finally she saw a lay-by in the distance. Just like as when she approached the hotel the idea of imminent release intensified the urgency for Georgina as she bounced and moaned as she drove.

‘Oh fuck I HAVE to pee so bad!’ She moaned to no-one but herself.

She indicated, pulled in and turned the engine off as she used a hand to press hand against her crotch.

‘God I need to go!’

The lay-by had been empty but as Georgina opened the driver’s door another car pulled in right behind her cab and as she looked in her mirror a male passenger jumped out and ran to a nearby bush. Georgina sat in her cab rubbing hard and rocking not willing to embarrass herself in public in front of a man and cursing the fact she had leggings on that needed pulled down.

‘Would you stop pissing man! You are making this so much worse! Hurry up!! I NEED to wee!’

Shaking, sweating, rocking and rubbing Georgina willed the other car to go as she scanned around for somewhere to hide. Despite doing everything she felt her bladder contract and a warm trickle run into her knickers.

‘Why is there nowhere for woman to go! This is outrageous! What am I meant to do? Piss myself?’

As soon as the words were out her lips it was as if her body gained permission to do just that as another strong urge overtook poor Georgina’s body and her urethra popped like a cork had been pulled out. Suddenly urine whooshed into her knickers, down her leggings and soaked into the leather seat squelching beneath her large thighs and buttocks. It poured out for so long as Georgina gazed jealousy at the male stranger pissing freely at the side of the road while her clothes and seat filled still with warm smelly urine.

Finally the other car drove away and Georgina climbed out the cab and walked to the rear as gravity made urine still run down the inside of her leggings. She clicked the boot open and rummaged for some kitchen roll she kept for clearing up vomit. It took the entire roll to dry her seat and she sat on the paper to continue the hour and a half back, parking round the back of her house to avoid being seen.

Yes the passenger had paid well but it didn’t account for the fact that as a grown mature woman she had still disgraced herself all because there was just nowhere to pee.

