Tangle and whispers camping trip

Author: madethis2post1

*000*2023-03-09 06:25

This is a story about tangle and whisper from the the sonic IDW comics Tangle and whisper were camping in the woods but they both needed to pee.

Hey whisper. AHH. Oh sorry Didn't mean to startle you!" says Tangle. "Oh, um, that's okay, it's fine," whispers Whisper. "I wasn't expecting anyone else. The two go on some hikes have some dinner that they brought and we’re ready for bed Let's go over here by this tree It'll be quiet whispers Whisper. They move closer to the edge of the woods and sit on the ground, their backs against the trunk of the tree. The grass is cool beneath them and smells earthy. There's something about sitting next to tangle that makes whisper feel more relaxed than usual.

And when tangle gets too warm, she can easily lean back against the bark and rest her head against the wood. Tangle seems happy to lie down beside Whisper. Tangle doesn't seem bothered by the feeling of the dead leaves and twigs under her fur. She stretches herself out across the width of the log with a sigh, closes her eyes, and falls asleep within seconds. The sun starts to set behind the mountains and Tangle squints her eyes open. She turns to whisper and sees Whisper smiling softly beside her. when whisper wakes up she remembers she needs to pee. so she sits up. and hears tangle waking up. "That was quick it’s morning already," murmurs Tangle still half asleep. She yawns and pushes her nose into whisper's face.

It have fun spending time with you says the half asleep tangle this makes whisper smile

Tangle smiles and wraps her arms around whisper. Tangle realizes she needs to pee so she shifts a bit closer to whisper. But whisper must have to use the bathroom too because she holds her tighter. She cuddles up into the warmth and whisper whispers "Let's go now" and gets ready to stand up. She doesn't know where the bathroom is so after a moment of hesitation Tangle nods and they get up.

They walk slowly through the woods, holding each other's sides. Whisper wishes they could just relax but it looks like they are walking right into the center of the forest, deeper and deeper. After some time has passed, Tangle feels a bumping of her shoulder against whispers shoulder as she holds tighter clearly needing to pee hey uh whisper asks tangle Whisper looks at her hm! Um whisper do you need to go? You should really do it while you can cuz once we get farther into the woods then there won't be any trees or water around us for awhile? So if you really need to go…I'll wait for you whisper whispers uhm do you need to go first Tangle quietly says yeah whisper releases her grip on Tangle's side letting Tangle slip free and whisper lets out a small moan. Tangle looks back at whisper squeezing her legs together tangle says whisper are you gonna be ok whisper whispers I-I’m not sure tangle says we can go together if you need whisper whispers yes.

Ok tangle says coming back and they hold on to each others sides again and tangle puts her tail inbetween whispers legs to help her hold it after a little while of walking they finally find somewhere to relieve themselves. Aha a tree says tangle accidentally removing her tail from between whispers legs whisper let’s out small moan oh sorry tangle says putting her tail back in between her legs whisper quietly says thank you they start walking towards the tree ok so how are we gonna do this says tangle pulling whisper a little closer I don’t know whisper says quietly but please don’t move your tail.

I really can’t hold it tangle says don’t worry I won’t but I really need to go too so we need to figure out how were gonna do this fast wait how are we going to get off our suits tangle says ok ok we gotta figure this out holding on tighter to tangle whisper pulls out her wispon hold still she whispers and she shoots two lasers using the cyan wisp. Tangle shouts EEP as one laser shoots right i between her legs and the other shoots through whisper’s legs but misses tangle’s tail Tangle’s tail’s grip loosens causing whisper to Moan and almost leak sorry sorry say tangle but what did you do.

I shot holes in our suits whisper whispers agh s-so we can pee now tangle asks. yes whisper says quietly. ok g-great are you ready tangle says yes whisper says shakily and immediately whisper started peeing and moaning loudly and tangle couldn’t pull her tail out so whisper peed right on it as her pee went through tangles tail she started peeing oh aughhh ha ha yes finally tangle exclaimed her pee coming out so hard it hit the ground and splashed onto the two’s shoes and legs both moaning and peeing just being happy to finally not have to hold it anymore they both finished and just stood there for a minute uhm tangle whisper said quietly how are we going to wipe. Oh uh ok don’t worry I got this she pulls her tail out from whispers legs and says tada gesturing to her tail. Your tail whisper questions. Yep tangle responds it’s already covered in pee I’ll just use the driest side of it.

I’m sorry I just I just couldn’t control it. I know its fine you don’t need to worry about it now tangle started sliding her tail back and forth through whispers legs. T-thank you whisper says quietly for what for everything helping me get here for helping me… hold it she looks down at tangles tail and for that. Hey it no big deal tangle responds after all what are friends for if they can’t help you find a tree in the woods anyways you dry. Yes whisper whispers.

Alright says tangle and she starts wiping herself she feels some of the pee on her tail on her legs ha ha that is a little wet but hey it’s fine she finishes wiping herself alright let’s go. Actually I’m kind of tired do you want to take a nap on that bench whisper quietly says sure says tangle shaking off her tail and jumping on the bench whisper walks over and curls up on the bench tangle wraps her arms around her and whisper wraps her arms around her as well and the two fall asleep both of their tails hanging of the bench blowing in the wind

