Request Any Story For Free - Page 2

Author: Mclaren720s

*026*2023-11-02 23:01

Yeah, but requests are on hold rn.

I’m currently not going to work on these stories as I have other projects to focus on, however, if you REALLY want something, let me know.

*027*2023-11-02 23:29

{{On 9/30/2023 at 5:15 PM, howiwetyoumoth said:

How about Wonder woman (old costume ) fighting a witch but during the fight the witch curses wonder woman's star spangled panties to not come off for 24 hours and she has to hold it for for that long untill during a interview after stopping a forest fire she finally wets her self just before the spell end also causing her bottoms to slip down her legs leaving her crotch completly exposed and wet live on TV

}}

As Wonder Woman ran to the witch, clutching a knife in her hand, she grabbed at the witch, about to end her life. “If you continue this, I will curse you with something that nobody would ever want. Especially somebody of your fame.” Wonder Woman just wanted to end all of this as she could use a pee break, but it wasn’t so urgent. Certainly not urgent enough to back out.

”You must think I am a fool, don’t you?” Wonder Woman rhetorically asks. The witch curses her and says,

“You will not be able to take off your panties for 24 hours..” the witch says, and immediately gets stabbed in the chest. Wonder Woman, in a secluded spot, decides that she could use a pee break, and does not believe the witch. As she tries to take off her panties, they won’t budge! “Crap,” Wonder Woman says, about to wet herself. She decides to simply squat down and wet her panties, waiting for them to dry off. As she starts wetting, she feels her warm urine trickling down her legs, halfway emptying her bladder when she decides to stop. It was going to be a long 24 hours, and she would not be able to pee for the rest of it.

Wonder Woman had come back to her island ready to sleep with her half-full bladder. For 10 long hours, she would sleep - yet she liked the feeling of her full bladder. It sent chills down her spine. After she woke up, she would do what she always would - go brush her teeth, take off her panties, and pee. All of that other then taking off her panties and peeing, of course. Her bladder had been extremely full, practically bursting. As she crossed her legs and slid her hand into her crotch, she checked her phone. A forest fire was raging across a nearby city, and firefighters could not stop it.

When she arrived, she could barely contain herself. She was in her 22nd hour, and she could not wait to release. As she quickly put out the fire, she felt a spurt of pee leak into her underwear.

Finally, as she started going home, eager to relieve herself, a nearby reporter with a live camera showed up. “Hello ma’am! We just saw you put out that fire! Would you care to take an interview with us?”

She could not say no, but she requested they would be fast. She had 20 minutes until she could rip her panties off and release. As the reporter started with her questions, Wonder Woman half-answered them. She was too distracted by her full bladder. She felt a spurt come out - and another - and another - and then she couldn’t stop. Her bladder was releasing, unable to control herself, she started to cover her crotch, but it was no use. It felt so good - yet so bad. And to make matters worse, as her bladder emptied itself, the 24 hours finished, and her panties fell down. On TV.

{{On 10/24/2023 at 2:43 PM, Rob Lucci said:

Follows Detective One Piece?

}}

No, and I don’t do make omorashi unless it’s a paid commission.

{{On 10/5/2023 at 10:15 PM, Crazi Mathx said:

I dont know but how about something like a stuck zipper....??

Yeah, I can get to working on it. However, I’m gonna need a specific story prompt. Get back to me when you can.

{{On 10/12/2023 at 5:58 PM, BlackHatLover said:

Can please do a story omorashi on black hat from villainous

}}

I don’t do male omorashi like I said in the rules. It contained the four only things I am not comfortable with.

}}

*031*2023-11-03 00:32

{{54 minutes ago, Mickpick98342 said:

Best of luck with your other projects! Get to my commission when you can, no rush

}}

I’ll try to get to yours soon. However, I need some more information and plot. It’s hard for me to write about something that has nothing specifically happening.

{{On 10/5/2023 at 10:41 PM, MixelsOmoKins said:

Okay, I was wondering if you can do a fan fiction of F and N (my AU)

The beginning is where F and N are met at the mall as they decided to chill at the food court, everything went fine as N felt a little bladder (feeling like he has to pee), and then F had an idea

F then took N to the back of the mall, all the way to the ally and then they decided to wet their pants, and then they started making out and then humping on each other

}}

Unfortunately male Omorashi makes me pretty uncomfortable writing about. I truly do apologize for this, but if there was anything else you would like you can let me know. Just read the boundaries first.

*034*2023-11-07 15:03

{{On 11/2/2023 at 10:17 PM, Mickpick98342 said:

What information do you need? I can private message you if that's better

}}

You can PM or just write it here. I get notifications either way.

I just need some more information about how you want the story to be. However, you don’t need to add an ending. Basically, I just need a little more to structure the story off of.

