Leaking Leanna

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-02-07 01:23

Leaking Leanna

Leanna rubbed her tummy as she sat on the bus to hospital. Martin had the car today, as he did most days. ‘That’s another thing that might change later this year’, she thought as the bus crept through the morning traffic making her feel a little nauseous. Hormones were causing havoc already in her body and excitement wasn’t helping. Leanna sucked another mint and sipped more water. She still had another 20 minutes before she would reach the hospital but thankfully she had left in plenty time.

‘Leanna Harp here for my first scan.’

‘Yes that’s great. Have you had your litre of water? There a jug and cups right over there if you feel you can still manage more. Please take a seat and you’ll be called through shortly.’

Leanna took a seat with her back to the reception and crossed her legs. She’s definitely had at least a litre of water and she could really feel it in her bloated tummy. She rubbed it again looking forward to the first glimpse of her precious child. ‘If only Martin could have been here’ she thought.

Just then Martin texted. Leanna read it and replied crossing her legs the opposite way as she did so. She couldn’t get comfortable as her clothes felt tight and her lower belly swollen. She snapped a picture of her lower belly and sent it to Martin with the text: ‘if this is how I look at 12 weeks I’ll be a whale by the time I reach 40! Mind you there’s a TON of water in there too!’ Martin replied immediately in his usual complimentary way, with a little hint of a tease too. ‘You look very beautiful with a baby belly...even more beautiful than you were this morning. But I can’t help wondering what’s bigger right now...our baby or your bladder!’

Leanna smiled. Martin always had liked boasting of her bladder and he’d more than once tried to fill it to its absolute capacity playfully teasing her to keep on holding until they were away from company. Leanna always loved the effects that seemed to have on Martin and she wondered about mentioning even now how much she wanted to wee. Her friends had hinted that pregnancy hormones often suppressed libido but so far it had only served to boost Leanna’s as her growing breasts, increasing curves and moist vagina made her long for Martin in ways she had never experienced. Even sitting in a hospital clinic waiting room with a very full bladder she could sense her nipples hardening and her pelvis twinging just reading her lovers texts! Maybe it was for the best Martin had to work after all or Leanna would never have got back to work herself!

‘Leanna Harp please’

Leanna stood up feeling the weight of the water immediately in her bladder. She clenched her muscles as she’d done many times before and followed the radiographer into the room. He patted the bed and Leanna climbed up, swinging her legs as she did so. She tried getting comfortable and shuffled around a little until she concluded that getting comfortable whilst really needing the toilet probably wasn’t going to happen.

‘Can you confirm your date of birth please?’

‘And could you tell me the date of your last period?’

‘And finally can you confirm that your bladder is full?’

‘Oh it’s most definitely full sir. I last went to the toilet three hours ago and I’ve been steadily drinking every since.’

‘Perfect mam’

Leanna couldn’t help but hear Martin as the radiographer started squeezing cold gel onto a prong. Martin often asked her if her bladder was full when they were having fun together and even when she always said it was he would playfully give it a little press and buy her or pour her another drink. She ought to have realised long before they got together when they first met at a party at a mutual friend’s house warming and Martin’s eyes lit up as a tipsy Leanna in shorts and nylon tights and a skimpy top pee danced outside the only toilet moaning how bursting she was. Martin often told her how hooked he was from that moment on and how long it took him to find out her name and get her number and muster the courage to text. He’d have loved to have been here with her now not just to see their baby for the very first time but to see his new wife biting her lip as she held her sphincter muscles closed as tightly as she could.

Leanna, lost in thought, jumped as the cold gel touched her abdomen.

‘Oh Jesus! I think I just dribbled!’

Unnerved by this ‘announcement’ the radiographer pressed firmly with his scope.

‘Oh....do you need to press that hard? I really do need the ladies and that isn’t helping!’

‘I know mam. I’m sorry but I’ll be as quick as I can. Do try and not leak too much as the fuller your bladder the more your womb is pushed forwards and at this early stage of pregnancy we get a far better picture the further forwards your womb is.’

Leanna grimaced as the scope pressed and pushed against her bladder feeling her underwear moisten between her legs, the warmth and wetness making her urethra pound and throb. She distracted herself by focussing on the black and white screen to her side as she anxiously longed to see her baby appear. At first she couldn’t make out anything but she could hear a sloshing noise and lines across the screen but faintly in the distance she could hear a sort of light beat as her heart tingled.

‘What’s that noise? That drum beat thing? Is that what I think it is?’

The radiographer pressed a knob on the machine and smiled broadly whilst continuing to press the probe against Leanna.

‘That’s your baby’s heart beat you can hear.’

He then turned the screen away from Leanna as he moved the probe left and right, up and down all the time pressing firmly into Leanna’s bladder and womb.

‘Is...is everything ok?’

‘Mam if you would excuse me a moment please. I just need to check something with my colleague first. There is a strong heart beat so please don’t worry. It’s just for my monitoring purposes really. I’ll be right back.’

He turned the monitor off and took the probe off of Leanna’s body. Leanna squirmed and tried to sit up. Tears came easily, but as she moved she also felt another drop or two leak from her urethra. Instinctively she grabbed herself and fidgeted.

‘Could I possibly use the toilet now? I really really need to go.‘

‘My colleague will be right back mam and in order for us to see the images properly we really do need your bladder this full. If you could just hang on for another few minutes and I’ll be right back. Please don’t get too upset. It’s just procedure mam.’

Leanna bent forward on the bed and pressed her hand between her legs. She’d deliberately put on a flowing skirt which had been pulled up to past her belly button and she scrunched the material up tightly and pressed hard against her throbbing vagina as the radiographer quietly left the room to the sound of her moans and rocking.

Leanna text Martin right away:

‘In room and scan started. Heard strong heartbeat but radiographer now gone to get a colleague to come back. I’m scared something is wrong but I’m also terrified I am going to piss all over this bed if they don’t come quick. I can’t stop holding myself I have to pee so so badly. I really wish you were here!’

Martine replied immediately:

‘I wish I was with you too honey. It will be ok. A strong heartbeat is reassuring sweetheart. Are you honestly that desperate babe?’

Leanna snapped a photo of her hand between her legs and sent it to Martin.

‘Yes I’m VERY desperate. I can feel my knickers wet through my hand.’

‘You are one sexy woman! But seriously honey you can do this. It WILL be ok. I am being called into a meeting sorry! I love you so much and it WILL be ok. Our baby is strong. I just know it. See you soon and keep holding on. Love you xxx’

Leanna wiped her face as she knelt on the bed, rocking with her hand rubbing herself through her knickers. It was the only way she could prevent herself having an accident as she waited longingly for the radiographer to return. She wanted to pee so so badly but she wanted to, no she NEEDED to, know her baby was ok. If that meant having to keep her bladder at bay she had no choice but to wait.

Despite the grabbing, rocking, stroking and squirming Leanna gulped as a spurt burst past her urethra and ran into her already wet knickers. She pressed a second hand between her legs as she knelt on the bed with both legs behind her, pressing and stroking for all she was worth. ‘Gotta hold. Gotta hold. Jesus do I HAVE to pee! Hurry up please. I can barely hold this!’

Another dribble escaped and in utter desperation Leanna grabbed the pillow that her head had been on and pressed it tightly between her legs. Straddling the pillow she rocked back and forth with her legs either side of the bed willing her body to not release. Her face red, her underwear increasingly wet and her legs tense and jittery she leaned forwards on the bed pressing her hands flat on the bed as she rode the pillow exactly as she rode her husband, often in the same state of urgent desperation as she found herself in currently.

With her head down and the noise of her own heart beating fast as she rocked the pillow intensely Leanna failed to hear or see the radiographers return. All she was focussed on was stopping herself from releasing and letting go as the pillow dampened between her legs.

‘I think we’ll need to do this quickly don’t you?

‘Absolutely. Are there towels anywhere at all. I think we’ll need them for this one.’

Startled by the voices Leanna froze and looked up. Her voice horse and anxious she tried excusing herself feebly.

‘I...em...I’m trying my best to hold sir. It’s...really...urgent you see. Please PLEASE can I go to the....’

‘I understand mam. Let’s get this done for you and then let you visit that toilet. I can see you appear to be somewhat bursting there. My colleague is just setting it all up now. Can you lie back if possible for us? Thank you mam.’

‘I’ll....Jesus I’ll try but it’s...’

Leanne laid back with a hand tightly gripping still between her legs, her back arched and her body tensed. The first radiographer squeezed more gel onto the probe as he sat on a wheeled stood. His colleague pulled another stool the other side as he slipped two towels under Leanna’s bottom and between her legs and gently pressed her arched back down onto the bed and carefully removed her hand. With his other hand he gently wiped a tear from Leanna’s face and stroked her forehead.

‘Try and relax. This will be over in just a few minutes and then we will print off some beautiful images for you to treasure.’

As the cold probe pressed once more into her abdomen Leanna shook, bit her lip hard and clenched her face trying to keep her urethra closed.

She quietly sobbed.

‘Is...is everything ok? I’m so sorry..I’m leaking!’

The second radiographer looked down between Leanna’s legs and watched as drops formed on the wet crotch of her knickers and seeped into the towel which was on the already damp pillow.

‘We’re ok. It’s just urine. I’m not surprised looking at how full she is on the screen. You can hear it sloshing around and see how stretched her bladder is. Look Mrs Harp there’s your baby! You can see the head, the body nice and clear and the legs curled and kicking.’

Leanna beamed and tried to relax but this caused a spurt to shoot out and in the silence of wonder at the picture all three clearly heard the ‘sssssss’ and watched as the urine shot from Leanna’s underpants to the towel.

‘S....sorry. Pppp....please can I go to the toilet....please!’

As if they hadn’t heard her pleas, the radiographer moved the probe pressing a little more to the right than before. Lianna continued to bite her lip and squirm as even her fists clenched to try and hold back her bladder.

‘Yes I can see what you mean now. You were right to call me in for this.’

Leanna couldn’t bear it as the probe moved again pressing against her more than she could bare.

Another loud hiss escaped as the second radiographer again checked between Leanna’s legs.

‘I think our time is about up. Can you print those pics? She’s leaking very badly now.’

‘I just need a few more seconds. Don’t let her release yet. Do whatever you need to do. I know she’s going to want to see this.’

The radiographer who wasn’t scanning rolled the towel firmly and pressed hard against Leanna’s crotch.

‘Please Mrs Hart. Just hold on for a few more seconds. I’m doing everything I can this end to help you.’

‘I....I can....’

‘I’ve got it! Well done!’

‘I can’t! I can’t hold this! Jesus it’s coming!’

With the towel still pressed tightly against her by the radiographer Leanna pushed against it with all her might as the leaking became a spurt which became a loud strong hiss. As his grip loosened the radiographer allowed the towel to move slowly away and rest on top of the pillow on the bed as urine continued to pour through Leanna’s knickers. She arched her back and moaned audibly as warm liquid arched up and then down drenching the towel completely. All the radiographers could do was stare in silence as time froze and Leanna burst...

For a moment the only noise was that of sheer release and pouring liquid as Leanna pissed for all she was worth on the scanning bed in the hospital clinic.

‘Mrs Hard we are delighted to tell you that you have TWO healthy thriving foetuses both with very strong heart beats in two separate embryos. We’ll just get those photos printed for you now.’

‘And by the way you also have the most incredible bladder too as that has to be the longest, strongest pee I have ever seen in my life. I think it’s safe to say you really WERE bursting!’

‘I wish my husband had been here!’

‘I’m quite sure he wishes he’d been here too man. I know I’m very glad I was here myself. Congratulations mam. You’ll probably be asked to come back in around four weeks.’

‘There’s some hospital underwear here if you would like to change. The bathroom is right over to your right there.’

‘Do I need to drink so much water next time too?’

‘Well mam it would be amazing if you could please. Very amazing indeed.’

*004*2020-02-07 23:25

{{7 hours ago, stinklerus said:

That ws one brilliant story. Wonder if there are any radiographer's assistant jobs going!

}}

The NHS is understaffed so pretty sure there would be

{{6 hours ago, pguy69 said:

Great work! I LOVE ultrasound desperation.

}}

I always feel it’s a shame men don’ t need them

