Emma's holding day

Author: Monomone

*000*2020-08-31 19:18

Emma's holding day part 1

(English is not my first language so sorry for any spelling or grammar related mistakes)

18 year old female, 1.63 m, blond hair, big butt and cup c breasts, bladder capacity: biggest of the school, could easily hold 2 liters

Monday, I said to myself as I was looking through my school schedule. It was the best day to do it, only one double hour to embarras myself if I couldn't hold it and had to ask my teacher. I had been wanting to do a pee hold where I would pee the last time before I went to bed and then hold it till after school, but hadn't been able to bring myself to do it.

Sunday evening arrived and I took my last pee, took a shower, took another pee and went to bed. I couldn't sleep, my thoughts on the excitement tommorow would hold. It was midnight when I got really thirsty, and without really thinking about it, drank 2 full 200 mL glasses of water. And fell asleep quickly after.

'Morning' , my mom said, after which she walked away to make me some breakfast. I noticed I already had to pee a bit, which worried me a little. 'I never have to pee when I wake up, maybe it's just the nerves.' I continued with my regular morning routine, and had some scrambled egg and toast for breakfast, with 2 cups of coffee and a large 300 mL glass of water. 'Let's make this a proper challenge,' I thought to myself. I hopped on my bicycle and went to school, it was a 30 minute ride from my house, which was very long in comparison to how close by my classmates lived.

When I arrived at school my boyfriend was waiting for me, he had been sick for 2 weeks now, so I hadn't planned on him returning today. 'Hey Emma! I have fully recovered from my flu!' he said. 'Why didn't you send me a message?' I asked. 'I wanted to surprise you, something wrong with that?'

'No of course not, good to see you!' I lied to him. I really didn't want him to see me desperate, I have wanted to tell him about my fetish ever since he became my boyfriend 3 years ago, but I was always too shy whenever I was about to say it. Our first lesson was chemistry, 30 minutes into the lesson I realized that I forgot to drink a water bottle; I had planned to drink a 200 mL bottle every lesson I had today.

I quickly drank my bottle and refilled it 10 minutes later when the lesson ended. Next hour flew by since it was English, an easy subject for me. Finished the second water bottle of the day, and went to the next class, which was Latin. I began to feel an urge to pee, but I was still fine. I realized that if I wanted to be on the edge of peeing myself when I got home, I had to drink alot more. So I drank my current water bottle and when my 20 minute break started, I went to the bathroom and filled up both bottles I had with me. 2 bottles per lesson from now on. I drank another bottle during break and went to my next class, economy.

When I was drinking my bottle of water, my boyfriend Jake suddenly asked: 'Do you never have to pee if you drink that much?' My heartbeat sped up. "Did he discover me?" I thought to myself. 'Yeah I do, but I have a huge bladder so I can hold it. ' I said playfully, hoping he would follow up on his previous question. 'Why hold it? If you have to go you have to go right?' Jake asked. 'Yeah but the toilets here at school are filthy, just like all other public toilets.' I replied. Jake new this wasn't the real reason. He had been watching his girlfriend closely and new she intentionally held her pee for long times, Jake loved to see her desperate, but he would love it even more if he could control her. And make her wait longer than she thought she could. But he kept quiet for now.

We went to our next class, I started to get a little bit worried. My need to pee had went u drastically since last lesson and now I had to actively squeeze my urethra to hold all that boiling pee in. But I could still manage with ease. The lesson was electronics, a class I thoroughly enjoyed. I was working on my project and the double hour flew by, I drank my 4 bottles of water and by the end of the lesson all the water I drank started to catch up to me. When I stood up I realised I still had to pee. I quickly sat down again and crossed my legs. 'Wow has it gotten this bad already, I'm only 2/3 of the day in. After 10 seconds of squeezing I could stand up again, and walk to our next class. I new it wasn' t gonna be easy to get home dry.

Jake's perspective:

Damn she's hot, Jake thought to himself as he watched her squeeze and cross her legs at the end of electronics. Her sexy smooth legs were almost fully visible, her skirt had slid up a bit during the lesson and almost her whole thighs were visible, oh how bad he wanted to touch her right now. But not now, not at school.

Walking to the cantine Jake could see how stressed Emma was, she was tapping her foot, and pacing while waiting in line for our food, but Jake new she wasn't full yet, he had seen her bladder bulging out more before. After they received their food they walked to a table and put their food down, when Emma said: 'I'm gonna go fill my water bottles real quick.' Exactly what Jake had hoped for. He grabbed his bag and pulled out the extreme diuretics he bought yesterday, he hoped to make her desperate today, but now that she did it for him, this was too easy. He read what the description said:'1 tablet per day to increase kidneys urine production.' Jake wanted to put 3 in, but decided against it. 2 would do the job, let's not poison her on accident. He put the 2 tablets into her 500 mL coke and shook the bottle a few times, when he was sure it had fully dissolved. He put the bottle down and continued to eat like nothing happened.

Emma's perspective:

After Emma was done filling up her bottles, she walked back to the cantine. She sat down and started eating, talking with Jake about last weekend. When she drank her coke, she noticed a faint weird smell, but thought nothing of it. 'Maybe it's just old coke' she thought. After lunch time they had 3 lessons to go, during the first of those, French, she had to start crossing her legs all the time, she felt so full by now that her full attention was on keeping her urethra shut.

By the end of the lesson she was getting worried, her bladder was filling way faster than before, what was happening to her!? Even though this concerned her alot, she kept drinking her 2 bottles and finished them, she now couldnt stop fidgeting and she kept changing positions and rocking back and forward in her chair. 'Only two lessons to go Emma, you got this.' she said to herself. When the bell rang she had to give her pussy a quick squeeze before she stood up, her skirt was pushing down on her bladder alot now. And she pulled her skirt up as high as she could, so that the waistband would be above her bladder.

After French she had maths. The teacher mr. Johnson was notoriously strict and during his lessons you better not make any sounds. Emma sat down, and started working, but she couldn't stop herself from fidgeting, her need was increasing very rapidly. 15 minutes into the class she accidentally moved her chair back while rocking back and forward and hit another chair behind her. This created a loud noise and the math teacher said: 'Emma, you know what that means, last chance or you get detention, if I see one more movement coming from you you get detention. Do you understand?'

'Yes sir,' Emma said nervously. 'Just 25 minutes sitting still Em, you can do this.' It took all her strength to not fidget and keep her urethra shut, but 5 minutes left in class she had to put her hand in her crotch, mr. Johnson saw this, but he decided not to act. Mr. Johnson was actually into omorashi, and was waiting his whole life to see something like this in his lessons. He was incredibly aroused by seeing Emma with her nude thighs holding her crotch. 'Emma.' he said, 'come show me what you've done so far this lesson.'

Emma stood up slowly to not disrupt her bladder and walked to mr. Johnsons desk. She new however what he would say, she hadn't done anything since the start of this lesson because she couldnt concentrate. Mr. Johnson said to her: 'come on Emma, I know you can do better, you'll get another chance in detention.'No sir please, I have to.... I need to...go to the dentist after school.'Good try Emma, see you in this classroom after PE. 'PE?! I thought we had Greek?' emma said in panicky voice. 'I heard your Greek teacher was sick and that you could do PE with the other class. 'Oh,' Emma said. And she walked back to her seat.

To be continued

*001*2020-09-07 11:48

'You like it don't you?.. Holding your pee.' Jake said while walking to their lockers after PE. 'What n-no I don't! I swear!' Emma replied nervously. 'Yes you do Emma, I've seen you holding your pee for long amounts of time while there were toilets available' Jake said unconvinced. 'W-well, yeah... you're right, ' said Emma 'please don't hate me now.' "No of course not! I.... actually love seeing you squirm." Emma blushed. 'There is one problem Jake, the challenge was to hold my pee till I got home, but I'm not sure I can do that now that we have PE.' Emma said whilest squeezing here thighs.

'I might have the perfect solution.' Jake said while grabbing something from his bag. 'Bladder strengthning pills!' Jake smiled. 'Why do you have those on you?' Emma said with a confused look. 'Uum for... if I have to go and there's no toilet around.' Jake said as convincingly as he could. Had Emma not been so desperate she would have followed up on her first question, but she was occupied with holding her massive flood of boiling piss in. 'A-alright give me one.' Emma said. Little did she know these pills were just fake pills that did nothing. Jake just wanted her to keep holding. After taking the pill with some water, they went their separate way to the changing rooms.

"Man I hope these pills work quickly," Emma thought to herself. "I can barely walk like this." She changed out of her skirt and put on her leggings. These were a bit tighter around her waist, and Emma moaned from the extra pressure it applied. 'Are you alright Emma?' another girl in the changing room asked. 'Y-yeah I'm good.' Emma said while forcing a smile. Emma bounced and crossed her legs constantly before she stood up and started walking to the gym room where Jake was already waiting for her. 'You really have to go don't you?' Jake grinned. 'Here drink some more.' Jake handed her a 500 mL bottle of water. Emma started drinking without hesitation, sure that she would be able to hold her pee.

The gym teacher walked in and started explaining what they were going to do today. 'We'll start with a quick warming up. Run in circles around the edge of the room until I say we're done.' Everyone stood up except Emma. She squeezed her peephole for a quick second before she stood up. She started running, but she had greatly underestimated how hard this would be. Every step felt like a bomb exploded in her bladder. Her whole body was tingling from the shockwaves and she felt a bit light headed. The pent up pee inside her bladder was sloshing around inside her. 'When I say jump you make the highest jump you can alright.' the gym teacher said. 'Jump!' Emma jumped and as she landed she trembled, the pain was hard to endure. But she fought on.

After the 4 rounds and 5 jumps had ended, Emma quickly sat down on the bench and crossed her leg to gain control over her bladder. 'Next we are going to do some physical activities.' the teacher said. 'I've set up a course in the gym below us. One half of the group goes there and starts to do that. And the other half stays here for a game of football.' Emma got picked to stay for the game of football first. Jake was also picked to stay for football. 'You all know the rules of football, so just start and have fun.' the teacher said.

Emma chose to be in a team with Jake and a few other people. She was subtly pee dancing on the spot with crossed legs. 'Ow does a girl need a wee wee.' Jake said in a teasing voice. 'Shut up Jake, I've been holding it since yesterday evening and I've drank so much water. Let me concentrate on holding.' Emma said, a little bit annoyed. After playing football for 10 minutes the other group got called up and now it was Emma and Jake's group turn to do the physical course.

Emma expected to be there without a teacher, but another gym teacher was standing there. 'Emma can you be the example for this one?' the teacher asked. 'S-sure.' Emma said. 'Good, go sit here and put your legs here and try to push them out as far as you can with your hands above your head.' Emma sat down with everybody looking at her. She started pushing her legs out but immediately put them back together and groaned.

'What's wrong Emma?' The teacher asked. 'Here, I'll help you.' the teacher grabbed her knees and helped push them outwards. Emma's legs were now in a 90 degree hook. 'Now hold this position for 10 seconds please.' Emma need to pee was now so great that her face was turning red from the effort to hold her pee in. Her massive bladder pushing down on her sphincter with an ungodly pressure. Despite all her efforts a little dribble escaped. She quickly closed her legs. 'Good enough.' The teacher said. 'Okay everyone choose an excersise and start.' Emma looked around, nobody had seen her leak. She inspected the damage but saw nothing. She put her hand on her crotch and gave it a good squeeze for 10 seconds. 'Had some trouble there huh?' Jake said. 'I'm fine Jake, with my legs closed I can still easily hold off.' Emma said.

After another 15 minutes of faking an exersice the lesson was finally over. Emma had felt her bladder becoming bigger and bigger and now she wasn't so confident anymore. She walked to the changing room and took her leggings and shirt off. 'Psst Emma,' Katie (a good friend of Emma) said. 'I think your period started.' pointing at her panties. 'Do you need something?' Emma quickly looked down and saw a very small wet patch the size of a small marble.

'N-no I'm fine I got some myself.' Emma said embarrassed, quickly putting on her skirt and walking to the toilet. She locked herself in and waited for the rest of the girls to leave. The sight of the toilet increasing her need. She was now putting a hand on her crotch and pee dancing, because nobody could see her. But she was still determined to hold her pee. About 2 minutes later she walked out of the locker room to see Jake standing there. 'Let's quickly go home, you can come with me to my house if you want.' Emma said. 'You have detention remember?' Jake said. 'Mr. Johnson is not gonna appreciate if you are late, you better hurry up!'

*003*2020-09-17 18:22

Emma walked to her detention where Mr Johnson was already waiting for her. 'Sit down please Emma.' he said. 'Sir how long do I have detention for? Because I do really have to go to the dentist.' She said hoping that he would believe her now that she used the same lie twice. 'I was thinking about 20 minutes.' he said. Mr Johnson noticed how big Emma's bladder bulge was and he realised that she hadn't peed since he had last seen her. He got very turned on and he tried his best to hide his massive erection. 'Here take this, I have prepared a large coffee for you.' he handed her the large cup.

'Thanks.' Emma said trying to hide her smile. She had seen Mr Johnson looking at her bladder and had also seen his erection. She laughed inwardly. "How cute, he thinks he can make me pee myself." she thought to herself. Emma opened her legs a bit to prove that she could easily hold it, but she immediately regretted that desicion. She slammed her legs shut and crossed them as tight as she could. With tremendous effort she managed to avoid putting her hand on her pussy. 'So Emma, I wanted to talk a bit about your concentration lately. Because I have noticed that you aren't paying much attentions to my lessons. You seem to be more occupied with pleasuring yourself.' Mr Johnson said. 'W-what are you talking about?' Emma asked confused.

'I saw you touching yourself with your hand in class today and..'

'No sir it's just that I really had to pee, but I'm good now.' Emma blushed and looked to the ground. 'Well fine, but still I think you can do better in class. You can wait here for 15 minutes and than you can go.' Mr Johnson said. 'And if I see your hands anywhere else than on your homework I will go talk to the principal about this.'

'O-ok sir.' Emma said. She started working on her homework but she couldn't concentrate, she could feel the coffee effecting her bladder and her desperation reached new heights. Her skirt was digging into her protruding bladder and her legs were sweaty from the effort. Mr Johnson couldn't stop looking at her sexy legs as they crossed, uncrossed and crossed again.

With 5 minutes left before she could go a big wave of desperation hit the poor girl. Emma's hand shot under the table and into her panties. She squeezed her peehole but quickly pulled her hand out of her panties realizing her mistake. 'Emma!? What did I say about hand and on the table?'

'S-sorry sir, my pencil fell.' Emma said. 'I'll let it slide this time, but for the last 5 minutes you have to stop crossing your legs. It's really annoying me.' Mr Johnson said hoping this would make her pee. 'B-but... okay.' Emma was scared for these last 5 minutes. She was able to get through the first 4 relatively without trouble, but then a big wave hit her and she clenched her urethra with all her might. But she was unable to stop a little droplet to lean into her panties.

Finally Mr Johnson said she could go. And she quickly grabbed her stuff, walked out of the room and put her hand on her crotch and started pee dancing. She walked towards Jake who was waiting for her. 'J-jake I really think I have to go to the toilet before I go home. I'm not sure if I can make it home.' Emma said. 'I think you can make it home dry, now that you have come this far you can't stop with the challenge, let's go!' Jake said. 'Okay I'll try.' Emma said while forcing a smile. She knew that 30 minutes on a bike would be hell for her bladder. But she didn't want to let Jake down. So she followed him to their bikes.

(sorry for the short chapter, not alot of time so I'll do a longer one next time)

*004*2020-09-21 19:29

Emma slowly walked towards her locker, walking was getting more and more difficult. She had to walk leaning forward a bit because of her bulging mammoth bladder. Jake had never seen anything like this before, he had seen Emma needing to pee, but this was on a whole nother level. Her bladder looked like a small football. But Jake was sure Emma could hold alot more. She would not get to pee, he promised himself.

Emma opened her locker, opened it, grabbed her vest, put her books in her bag and closed the locker. When Emma walked towards Jake's locker she saw him standing there talking to Matt, a good friend of his. 'Jake we have to go now, hurry up please.' Emma said to Jake. 'Matt will cycle together with us for the first 10 minutes of our ride home, he lives on the way to your place, is that okay?' Jake asked knowing Emma wouldn't like not being able to show her desperation. 'Yeah sure.' Emma said, not wanting to be rude. 'I'm gonna take a quick pee before we leave.' Matt said.

'Can't it wait?' Emma said annoyed. 'No, I have to go pretty badly, last time i went was like 5 hours ago.' Matt said and he turned around and started walking to the toilet. "Amateur" Emma thought to herself, while rubbing her distended bladder with 19 hours worth of pee inside of it. The dried up leak from detention started feeling cold against her wet labia. This only increased her desperation. She heared the toilet flush and saw Matt walking out of the toilets. 'Alright lets go.' Emma said while swiftly turning around and walking towards the bikes. Emma sat down on her saddle, making sure to put her skirt around the edges of the saddle so that she could press the saddle into her crotch. The first few minutes went on without alot of effort for Emma.

The constant pressure against her pussy helped alot. She could feel small waves of pain at every bump, but she had to hold on. 'Why don't we get a nice drink at the kiosk in my street?' Matt asked out of nowhere. 'Yeah good idea!' Jake replied before Emma could say anything. Emma, not wanting to upset Jake's friend, faked a smile and said: 'Sure.' They arrived at the kiosk and put away their bikes. Emma immediately crossed her legs and leaned forward. 'Are you alright Emma?' Matt said looking concerned. 'Y-yeah I'm good.' Emma said softly. But in reality, she was far from good. She had to pee so bad, her poor bladder holding an ungodly amount of urine. But she had to endure.

Matt purchased a large coke for all three of them and they sat down at the nearest table. Emma made sure to sit opposite to Matt so that she could use a hand to grip her crotch. She felt much better this way. 'How was PE? I heard you had PE with the other class.' Matt asked Jake and Emma. 'It was alright, we didn't do anything particularly exciting, just some football and after that we did some physical training. How did your English test go today?' Jake returned. 'Meh, I didn't have enough time to learn yesterday, but it still went alright. I'm sure I'll get at least a 6.' Matt replied. Emma couldn't concentrate on the conversation, she drank from her coke. The cold liquid made her need increase, but with her hand on her crotch, it was nothing she couldn't manage.

When all three of them finished their cokes they walked back to their bikes, Matt waved Jake and Emma goodbye and cycled to his house. 'Lets get going.' Jake said. 'I think that's a good idea.' Emma said tapping her bladder. They both laughed and continued cycling towards Emma's house. The added drink started to flow into Emma's already distended bladder. She started to feel very uncomfortable even with the pressure the saddle of her bike applied. After another 10 minutes of cycling the road started to get steep. The first 20 minutes of the ride had been mostly flat, but from here on the road would get pretty steep. In the morning Emma could go down here full speed, but when she came back from school after a long tiring day, this last climb was very annoying. And in Emma's current state, going uphill with a bike was even more difficult.

Emma's breaths had become very heavy and her legs felt exhausted. But after a few minutes of intense cycling they were now past the steepest part and from here on it was almost flat to her home. Emma looked forward to take her long pee, she fantasised on how long her pee would be. She was sure she would break her record, because she had neer gone this far with her desperation. She always gave up when it became too uncomfortable. She thought on how good it would feel to let all of that hot pee out.......

Suddenly Emma heard a car slam on the breaks. 'Emma watch out!!!' Jake shouted. Emma was only just able to dodge the car by pulling hard on her steering wheel. But her bladder didn't like the sudden movement and a quick spurt of pee managed to make it's way past her iron spincter. 'Whoah, that was close!' Emma said to Jake. 'I didn't see the car coming, I was thinking about how good it would feel to pee.' Emma laughed. 'Hah, you better watch out before you get yourself killed.' Jake said.

They finally saw Emma's house up in the distance. 'There it is!' Emma said excited and she started cycling faster, but then slowed down again feeling a strong wave of desperation hit her. 'Whoops, not too fast Emma' She laughed. Emma and Jake locked their bikes in the front yard. Emma looked for her keys and found them pretty quickly. 'Haha phew, in these type of situations you always see characters not being able to find their keys in those stories.' Emma joked, but quickly regretted saying that.

"I'm so stupid, of course he doesn't know what I'm talking about. No one reads the weird fetish stuff I read." She thought to herself. 'Oh that, do you sometimes read pee desperation stories too?' Jake asked a bit embarresed. 'Yes I do!' Emma replied relieved. 'Nice.' Jake said smiling. Emma opened the door and walked inside. She greeted her mom and told her Jake was with her too. She put down her bag and took off her shoes. Jake did the same. Emma quickly walked towards the door of the toilet with one hand squeezing her vagina. But Jake blocked her. 'Wha......!'

'I think you can hold it a bit longer. You don't look desperate enough to me.' Jake said coldly. 'No Jake please! I really have to go, you have got to be kidding me! I have held my pee for 20 hours now!' Emma said frustrated. 'If you really wanted to hold more you could Emma. Have you ever peed yourself involuntarily?' Jake asked. 'N-no, but I'm going to if you don't let me past.' Emma tried to push Jake aside, but to no avail. 'You are a big girl Emma, you can surpress such a shameful need as urinating.' Jake said. 'Arghh, okay then. I'll hold it for you.' Emma said. Jake walked to the fridge and grabbed a full bottle of water. 'Lets go upstairs.' Jake said smiling widely.

When they got to Emma's room they sat down on her couch. 'Why don't you put on some comfy pants? It will be much easier to hold your pee in one of those.' Jake asked Emma. 'Sure, good idea.' She replied as she walked towards her closet. She was doing a pee dance on the spot while looking for some yogging pants with one hand. Because the other one was deeply buried in her crotch. She chose her light gray yogging pants and started unbuttoning her tight skirt. The yogging pants weren't too loose, but around her waist they were pretty wide, so it should give her bladder some more room. Immediately after Emma got out of her skirt her bladder bulged out.

'Whoah, your bladder looks like a friggin football or something.' Jake blurted out with a surprised look on his face. 'And I see you didn't make it here completely dry.' He said grinning. 'Yeah, I first leaked once during PE, when the teacher opened my legs. Then once during detention, that asshole didn't allow me to cross my legs! And I also leaked a bit when that car almost hit me.' Emma's need to pee increased thinking about this and her hand shot to her crotch pressing her cute laced cyan panties into her slit. She put on her fresh pants and sat down besides Jake. They both sat on their phones for a while and Emma slowely sipped from the bottle of water Jake had given her. She was constantly bouncing her leg, crossing and uncrossing them and she had her hand glued to her crotch. After 15 minutes of sitting like this Jake said something. 'Why don't we go to the cinema, here look, the new film we wanted to see starts in 45 minutes.'

'Are you crazy!? Do you want me to go like this?!' Emma said. 'Yeah why not, no one will pay attention to you when the film is playing. Besides, there have been almost no seats sold, so we can sit far away from everybody.' Jake returned. Emma didn't know what got into her, but she finally agreed. 'The bus leaves in 10 minutes, so we better get our stuff and tell your mom.'

(to be continued)

*005*2020-09-24 18:58

Part 5

When Jake closed the door behind her Emma felt nervous all over again, the safety of a bathroom nearby was now gone and standing up wasn't helping either. She felt like she had made a mistake by agreeing to go to the cinema, but there was nothing she could do about it now. He would let her pee before the movie right?

Jake had different plans, he had already started looking for a place to have dinner after the movie and he would not let Emma pee. He knew that if she really wanted to hold on she could. The only thing Jake's mind could think about was how sexy Emma was. How she walked with her thighs squeezed together, how both her hands were in her pockets squeezing her crotch and how she was walking bent forward. Jake could not see how big Emma's bladder was, but he knew it was huge. They arrived at the bus station and looked at the bus schedule. 'We're right on time, the bus arrives in 2 minutes.' Jake said.

'Good.' Emma said softly. 'Jake i have to pee sooooooo bad right now. It looks like I'm pregnant.' She sat down on a bench and put her hand into her pants for a quick second, but she quickly pulled her hand out when she saw the bus in the distance. They got onto the bus and seated themselves at the back. The only people on the bus were a elderly couple sitting in front of them and a guy with headphones sitting around the middle of the bus. 'How long does the bus take to get to the cinema?' Emma asked. 'Only 15 minutes.' Jake replied. 'Your doing great babe, I'm sure you can hold it.' He added trying to encourage her. The bus started going and Jake couldn't take his eyes of his beautiful girlfriend. To know she had been holding her pee for 21 hours and was not gonna get to pee for about 4 more hours was turning him on so much.

10 minutes into the journey and Jake couldn't help himself. He gently put his hand on Emma's bladder and very lightly pushed. 'Hey!' Emma squeeled. Her hand shot to her crotch but she didn't try to push Jake's hand away. Jake couldn't believe what he felt. Her bladder was so swollen hard that Jake thought he was touching a stone surface. Jake slowly slid his hand down and into Emma's panties. He gently touched Emma's shaved vagina and started pleasuring her. Emma couldn't help but moan softly, the pressure felt so good, but she grabbed Jake's arm and pulled it away. 'Not here Jake.' Emma said sounding a bit dissapointed herself. Jake agreed and he blushed. 'Sorry, I don't know what got into me, you look so sexy Emma.' he sad. Now it was Emma's turn to blush. 'Thanks.' She said softly.

The bus arrived at the cinema and Jake quickly stood up. Emma gathered her strenght and stood up. She tried to walk as normal as possible as they were entering the cinema. But she couldn't help crossing her legs every few steps and walking bent forward. Jake bought them both an extra large soda. 'We don't want to get dehydrated do we?' He said with a grin. Emma didn't say anything and took the drink. 'Let's go, the film starts in 5 minutes.' Jake said as he walked away towards the entrance of their film.

Emma's eyes widened.

'B-but....' It was already too late, Jake couldnt hear her anymore and she realised he wanted her to keep holding. She wasn't sure how this was going to end but she started walking. 'You are acting like a child Emma. You can hold it longer, your a grown woman.' She said to herself. They sat down in the last row and took out their phones. Emma absentmindedly kept drinking from her soda and soon she had already finished half of it. The film hadn't even started yet. When the boring ads finished they put away their phones and the film started playing. Now that the doors were closed and no one could get into the film and sit next to them, Emma dared to put her hand into her pants so she could directly hold herself. Jake noticed but didn't say anything of it.

Emma was able to sort of concentrate on the film and it kept her mind from thinking about her massie bladder. A hand in her pants and crossed legs were enough for now. She kept drinking from her extra large drink and halfway through the film she had finished it. The film had a short 10 minute break halfway through and when the lights turned on Emma's bubble popped. She realised how much more desperate she had gotten and she bent forward and groaned. 'I'll go get us a refill.' Jake said as he took their empty drinks and he left to go to the film canteen.

When Jake was out of sight Emma started squirming. She was subconscouisly still a bit embarresed to squirm so openly next to her boyfriend even though she knew he liked it. She was now very worried for the second half of the film, would she be able to hold it? Of course she could. Emma pushed the thought away. 'I can hold it as long as I want to.' She tried to convince herself. But she knew deep down that even she had her limits. Jake returned with the refilled drinks just as the film started again. He gave Emma her drink and she started drinking immediatly to show Jake how strong she was.

The second half of the film felt way longer to Emma. She was now not able to concentrate on the film at all and she had put her heel under herself for some added pressure on her peehole. She had never felt this full and it felt amazing and horrible at the same time. The insane pressure made her feel horny like she never felt before, she felt her panties moisten, but she knew it was not pee. She blushed at the sight of herself. "What am I doing." she thought to herself and she tried to concentrate on the film again. It worked for some minutes, but when the final 30 minutes of the film started Emma started to feel nervous. Was she going to make it?

Jake also couldn't concentrate on the film, he could only look at Emma. She squirmed like crazy and it was driving Jake nuts with desire. When the screen lit up because in the film it turned day. He could see how large Emma's bladder had gotten. It was so much bigger than before. He almost cummed in his pants from the sight of it. How was she holding so much? He questioned himself. Does she even have a limit? Jake promised himself that he was gonna find out. She will not pee.

The film dragged on as Emma finished her drink. Her hand was now directly on her pussy helping herself hold all that pee in. She had to hold on. She looked up from her bent over position to the film screen, when suddenly... A jumpscare. The shock almost made her lose it. A long spurt escaped her urethra before she regained control. Inspecting the damage she saw a wet spot the size of a ping pong ball. The wetness against her lady parts increased her desperation tenfolds. Tears formed in her eyes as a huge wave hit her. 'Jake I really don't know how much longer I can hold it.' She said. 'Don't act so silly Emma, you are gonna hold it till we're home. Your a big girl.' Jake said firmly. Emma was surprised at Jake's tone, but she didn't mind it.

Being submissive had always been a huge turn on for her and she found herself feeling sexually excited once again. She continued holding with newfound strength and to her surprise the rest of the film finished rather quickly. They stood up and Jake went into the bathroom. 'Those 2 soda's have hit my bladder now too, gonna take a leak.' He said feeling his own bladder. 'No way, if I have to hold my pee untill we're home, you have to too.' Emma grabbed Jake's arm and took him to the exit. Jake didn't mind, he could still hold plenty more, he figured. 'Okay Emma so I was thinking we go get a nice dinner at the Italian restaurant 2 blocks that way.' Jake said.

Emma's eyes widened in horror as she realised she had been tricked. No way was she giving up now.

'Sure.' Emma said confidently. She pressed her thighs together and they started walking. The waitress greeted them and pointed them to a seat somewhere in the corner. They thanked her and sat down at their table. Jake knew how notoriously slow the restaurant was and knew they would be here for at least 1 and a half hour. He ordered them both a large water and said to Emma: 'How are you feeling?'

'How I'm feeling? Oh I can tell you that. I feel so full that i think my bladder is gonna explode. It comes in waves and the only way I can hold it at this point is physically blocking my pee from escaping. The thought of this made Jake very horny. Her bladder was full to explode, but she wouldn't get to pee. Their drinks were given to them and they ordered their food. A large pizza for Jake and pasta for Emma.

(to be continued)

*007*2020-09-25 13:11

{{1 minute ago, huberp76 said:

I absolutely love your story!

I like what you write, especially long time holding and i like how you write it.

”Jake love to see her desperate and he wants to control her. He wants to make her hold it longer, than she think that she can “ that is so hot and that is absolutely that what i want and what i love!

Great too how you write that her sexy, smooth thighs are full visible.

Hot to see her nude legs moving from needing to wee and to know that she is bursting to go.

The only thing i have doubts that a girl is able to drink so much and hold it for so long.

Sorry i don’t want criticize you, i really love you story, but is that realistic?

I had girls who could hold it for 24 hours or longer, but not with so many drinks.

Make Emma hold, don’t let her wee, her bladder can grow, she can hold it, she is a girl!

I am waiting for the next part!

}}

Thank you very much, Its great to hear you like my story.

Yes it is probably a bit unrealistic that she had so much to drink, but I don't really care haha. I like unrealistic scenarios where a girl has a massive bladder that has more pee in it than a normal human would be able to hold. And because this is fanfiction I can make her bladder as big as I want! But of course Emma has to have her limits too. How much more do you think she should be able to hold?

*009*2020-10-25 16:40

Part 6 (sorry for the long wait, I didn't have enough inspiration or drive to do writing, but now I'm back at it again.)

As the waitress taking their order walked away, Emma started questioning how long she would still be able to hold it. She thought she was at her limit when they got home from school, but she was still holding on, altough barely. What were her true limits? Could she hold more than this? Her bladder sent a strong signal of distress while thinking about this and her hand shot back to her crotch after she had taken it away because of the waitress. Her body trembled as she fought a particulary strong urge. All her muscles were clenched and she somehow managed to keep pee from squirting out of her aching urethra.

Emma kept her hands on her crotch and kept her legs crossed. For the next 15 minutes she fought urge after urge waiting for the food to arrive. 'So Emma, how often do you hold in your pee for fun?' Jake asked. Emma woke up out of her trance and said: 'I do it all the time, but I had never previously dared to do it at school, like I did today. Although I never pee at school, I get only slightly desperate by the end of the day, so I usually do it in the weekends when nobody's home.'

'What's the longest you've ever held it for?' Jake followed up getting very excited. 'I once held my pee for 40 hours when I spent the weekend at my grandparent's home. We went there Friday evening and got back home Sunday morning.

I drank way less than normal to be able to complete this challenge though. I was truly bursting when I got home on Sunday. My pee was very dark-yellow and I realized that it was very bad for you to drink that little and also the risk of getting a UTI that way is much higher. Since then I always drink alot during my holding challenges which reduced their lengths, so I have never been able to hold it for 40 hours again obviously.' Emma said. She was surprised how comfortable she was talking about this with Jake.

It was only today that she had revealed her fetish to him. 'And did you ever try to measure how much pee you could hold? Do you think you have more pee inside you right now than you did back then?' Jake asked. 'I have measured myself before, multiple times actually, but my record was 2.7 liters. Although I think I'm easily holding 3 liters right now' Emma whimpered as another strong urge hit her when she was reminded of her current situation. She bent forward and massaged her distended abdomen that was bulging out up to her navel. She was shaking from the pressure inside.

Another 15 minutes went by with the same routine, grabbing her crotch, massaging her belly, rocking back and forward and crossing and uncrossing of her legs. 'When is this ### food coming.' Emma said annoyed. 'Don't be so impatient Emma, even if they take another hour making our food we will simply wait and be respectful, but I think they will probably be done in around 20 minutes or so.' He said, sounding like a parent teaching their kids to be patient. 'Oh god Jake I really don't know if I can make it home. Look at my belly! I look pregnant!'

'Let me feel.' Jake said as he reached for Emma's bladder under the table. When his hand touched her rock hard bladder she flinched. Jake could feel the sheer amount of liquid stored inside as he gently moved his hand over her smooth skin. Finally he couldn't resist the temptation and he pushed slightly. Emma moaned at the increased pressure, the pressure of her bladder on her g spot making her feel horny. 'Put your hands on the table and uncross your legs.' Jake said with his hand still on Emma's bursting bladder.

'Jake I don't know if....'

'Do it!' Jake cut her off without mercy. 'Oh and spread your legs a little too will you.' He added. Emma slowely took her hand away from her pussy and uncrossed her legs. Her bladder contracted as she did so and she felt her pee in the tip of her urethra almost squirting out. 'Jake if I open my legs I will pee all over the restaurant floor.' Emma said in pain. 'I don't think so, you can hold it.' He said sternly. Emma slowely parted her legs, all of her golden liquid was now being held back by her tired sphincter muscles. Her bladder spasmed and contracted hard. Her pussy clenching and unclenching rithmically.

She was hunched over slightly. Suddenly Jake pressed on her bladder, hard. Emma winced in pain as a spurt escaped her iron bladder before she regained control, she closed her eyes, all focus now on keeping her pee in. A wave of spasms followed and with every wave of pain Emma felt like she was gonna lose control, her urine now on the brink of gushing out and ruining her pants and making a massive puddle on the floor. The relief she would feel..... 'One pasta and one large pizza.' Said the waitress who placed the food on their table. Emma instantly slammed her legs shut and crossed them realizing she had almost lost control. 'Thank you very much' Jake said embarressed as he pulled back his hand from under the table. Emma just nodded and put on a fake smile, unable to speak with her hand firmly in her crotch to help out her muscles. When the waitress left she inspected the damage, a wet patch the size of a softball was now visible on her pants.

Eating proved to be very difficult for Emma as she needed both hands. After every bit of pasta she put in her mouth she had to put down her knife and fork and put her hand inside her pants to give her crotch a hard squeeze. She was bent forward at the waist and her legs tightly locked and dubble crossed. Jake was done with his pizza way before Emma and he said: 'You know your only making this more difficult for yourself by not eating right? We are not leaving before you are done with that pasta.' Jake said. 'I know, but I can't eat fast when I have to squeeze my pussy every 10 seconds.' Emma said surprised at her language.

Jake got only more turned on by her verbal language. 'Then don't squeeze your pussy every 10 seconds, it's as easy as that.' He said grinning. Emma ignored him and continued eating. She tried to put as much pasta in her mouth as she could before dropping her knife and fork and squeezing herself hard. This pattern continued until Emma had finished her food. 'What about your drink Emma, it'd be rude to not drink it.' A wave of pain and urgency hit Emma at the thought of more liquid, but she drank it anyway. She chugged the whole 0.5 liter glass and said: 'Done, now lets finally go home.'

'Not so fast, we have to wait for the waitress to bring us our reciept.' Jake said truthfully.

They sat for a few minutes before they saw a waitress walking their way. 'Hey you, can we pay?' Jake asked. 'Of course, the young waitress said as she walked over to their table. While Jake was using his credit card to pay the money he saw the waitress grab her crotch and cross her leg. 'Do you have to pee?' Jake asked the waitress surprised at his own directness. 'Yes I do, I didn't have the chance to go after school so I last went this morning. And I still have to work here for three more hours.' The waitress cried out as she squatted down and stood back up. Seeing someone else desperate for a piss increased Emma's desperation, she put her hand in her panties and pinched her urethra to block any pee from coming out.

'Well good luck, we will leave now.' Jake said as he stood up from their table awkwardly trying to hide his boner from the waitress. 'Thanks.' The waitress replied as she turned around and walked to a different table. Emma slowely rose from her chair with both hands in her crotch. She considered asking Jake to use the toilet here as she thought the possibility of her wetting herself on the bus was very real. But she knew what his answer would be, so she slowely walked with him to the exit of the restaurant. 'Emma your embarrassing us, at least get your hands away from your crotch.' Jake whispered to Emma. 'I can't Jake' She squeeled. 'I rather be seen holding my crotch than peeing myself.'

They arrived at the bus stop right when the bus opened its doors. Jake and Emma sat down in the back, luckily for Emma, the whole bus was empty. But even if it had been full of people, she didn't care at this point. She was now really nearing the end. She used every trick in the book, hands directly holding her lips together, rocking back and forward as if she was a prisoner trying to escape from ropes holding her to a chair, legs double crossed and pinching her urethra with her fingers. Jake had never seen anything like this. His member was almost as hard as Emma's bladder. One stroke would make him cum, but he saved it for later. Emma was shaking as wave after wave of desperation hit her with every wave more powerful than the last.

The bus went over a small pothole and a little droplet of pee escaped her grip. It saturated her pussy lips that had only just dried from her previous leak. The wetness made her more desperate and another spurt escaped her urethra, followed by a second longer spurt. 'Jake I'm leaking, I'm gonna lose it here!' Emma panicked. Jake took her hands and pulled them out of her crotch. 'You have tio concentrate Emma, don't think about the release, think about yout sphincter. Think about how it is shut and stays shut. Think about your bladder expanding.' Emma closed her eyes and tried. It seemed to work. She was able to clench her sphincter harder than previous. The next 10 minutes Emma's condition worsened even more, the drink from the restaurant now hitting her bladder too. She had her hands in her crotch again and was squirming as hard as previous, if not harder. But they were almost there. "I might be able to do it." Emma thought to herself.

Three minutes later, the bus came to a stop. 'Emma we're here. You'll have to stand up.'

Final part coming soon

*011*2020-10-26 20:13

{{6 hours ago, huberp76 said:

You story is absolutely and exactly made for me. It is including all my favorites about pee holding and bursting girl bladders and you write it in a way i love it.

Jake make Emma hold it, he can’t get enough. He knows that she did not pee since 21 hours and he want to take her to the cinema and to a restaurant, where he won’t let her wee for 4 hours longer.

So absolutely great. He talk with her about her urge,he wanted to know how long her longest holding time was and her most amount of urine she did ever hold in her bladder.

She told him that she once did not pee from Friday evening until Sunday morning, 40 hours! So hot and great!

I would be like Jake, he did know that Emma did need to wee like crazy, he did feel her bursting full bladder and he pressed and pushed on it to make her urge stronger and painfuller, because she could never be full enough for him and she could never need to wee bad enough for him.

Great that the waitress was needing to wee too, that she did not get a chance to pee before she started to work and that she had to work for hours more, with her bladder full and with a strong urge. She did not wee since morning.

Absolutely great that you involved that in your story.

Thank you, i am waiting for more!

}}

Thank you for your kind words, It's great to hear you liked the last part so much. I will definitely finish the last part way quicker than I finished this one!

*018*2021-04-12 14:54

Final part (sorry for the 4 month delay xD)

Jake and Emma heard the bus doors opening and Jake immediatly got up, expecting Emma to want to get out of the bus as quickly as possible. He was right of course, but Emma remained seated. 'Jake.. I can't... stand up,' she said. Jake looked at her and for the first time today felt sorry for her. He did this to her, even though she wanted him to. The only thing he could do now was help her get to a toilet. 'Come on Emma, I know you can do it. You've held it for this long and you will make it to the toilet.' The word toilet was enough for another spurt to escape past Emma's iron sphincter. As she felt her crotch get moisturized again she realized she couldn't remain seated. She would at least have to try to stand.

She slowly raised her butt first, and with her back parallel to the ground she slowly started shuffling towards the exit. One hand was in her crotch and the other hand was being held by Jake who guided her towards relief. Tears filled Emma's eyes as another wave of pulsating desperation hit her, but she kept walking, not willing to give in to her needs. Her bladder was as big as a pumpkin and her skin had turned white because of how much it had stretched. The bus driver gave them an angry face and shouted: 'Hurry the ### up or I will close these doors and you'll be stuck in this bus untill morning.' Jake's face turned red out of angryness, but he calmed himself down and ignored the angry bus driver. Emma didn't even hear what the bus driver said. Her complete focus was now on the only muscle in her body keeping her hot boiling urine inside. Her sphincter was now beyond tired but she refused to give in.

Jake stepped onto the pavement first. Luckily for Emma the pavement was quite high compared to the street, so she wouldn't have to part her legs. As she stepped out of the bus she felt the cold evening air, which almost broke her resolve. Her house was already in sight, and Jake increased his pace, making Emma lose balance for a split second. Opening the lips of her quivering pussy for just long enough for a small trickle of urine to seep through, followed by a 3 second spurt, after which Emma finally regained control. Her jogging pants were now showing a wet spot the size of a small plate. As Jake saw this he acted quickly, he placed one hand behind Emma's legs and the other behind her back, and he lifted her from the ground.

'Jake what are you... AHH!'

Another leak had escaped her grip. Gravity was now pushing on her bladder, giving Emma waves of pain as she tried keeping the ocean inside her at bay. Her desperation had risen to new heights because of her position, but she could now use both hands to hold herself and one hand started massaging her pulsating bladder bulge. Jake could now increase his pace, and he did, but because Emma was now alot heavier due to her body being filled to the brim with liquids, he could not go alot faster than normal walking speed. Withing to minutes they were at Emma's front door and Jake had to put her down. When Emma was standing again she searched for her keys, and to her great relief she immediatly felt them in her pocket. She put the right key into the lock and with shaking hands she opened the door.

When she opened it she realized that her parents were both home and her little brother was also home. Even though piss was about to shoot past her almost failing sphincter all over the floor, she could not squirm in front of her parents, and even less in front of her little brother. So with a monumental effort she somehow removed her hands from her crotch and stood up sort of straight. 'Hey, guys how was the film?' her mom asked as they stood in front of the living room. 'It was good,' Emma quickly replied, 'but I have a really bad stomach ache from the food we ate after the film, so me and Jake will go to my room.' This was of course a lie, but it was the best lie she could think of right now. And because she already saw her parents looking at her weirdly because of her posture, she had to quickly come up with something.

Emma hoped her family couldn't see her wet crotch, but she thought the shadow of her body hid it pretty well, and she was right, since nothing was said about it. 'Alright, do you want something to drink before you go upstairs.' Emma's mom asked to Emma's annoyance. She shook her head since she didn't even have the power to say anything. At that moment she felt another drop squeeze it's way into her lace panties.

'You, Jake?' Her mother asked. 'No thanks I'm good.' Jake replied swiftly. Emma quickly walked out of her parents sight and sighed in relief when she put her hands into her panties and squeezed her pussy. She shuffled to the toilet, but when she tried to open it she found it locked. Her brother was inside. Emma lost all of her hope of holding on now, she simply couldn't wait a second longer. But right before she lost control, Jake picked her up and started carying her up the stairs. Emma quickly regained her senses and she cruelly denied her sphincter relief. Her finger was now directly pressing her peehole and it somehow worked. Jake put her down in front of her room and they quickly got in and closed the door behind them.

Being in private again Jake's horniness won out over his empathy again. And he lay Emma down on the bed. She tried to scrunch up into a ball but Jake didn't allow her to and he held her flat on her back. Small rivulets of hot urine now escaped her grip every few seconds. Jake started undressing her and slowly peeled off her jogging pants. He quickly put down a towel underneath Emma as he saw her continuously leaking. 'Stop the leaks immediatly,' he said as he started taking off her lace panties. Her bare pussy was now exposed, but not for long as Emma quickly slammed a hand into it. 'No you're not,' Jake said cruelly and he took her hand away, 'and I said stop leaking.' Emma tried all she could but she couldn't stop the occasional trickle. Jake started caressing her bladder and she moaned loudly as he did.

Her bladder was as hard as rock and Jake thought her belly could burst open at any second, after playing around with her bladder for a few minutes he couldn't stop himself and softly pressed Emma's overfilled bladder. Emma felt like her urethra was on fire, her whole body hurt as a wave of pain swept over her, her sphincter the only thing that was blocking her 25 hour full bladder filled with the 6 liters of bevarages she had drunk today. Even though she was in pain, she was also incredibly turned on by the pressure on her clit and g-spot.

'Please continue,' Emma half whispered half moaned. Jake didn't hesitate and he pushed hard on her bladder. Emma put her hand in front of her mouth and screamed into it. A huge jet of piss shot out of her tortured peehole and it hit the wall on the other side of the room. The pressure behind it was as high as you'd expect, or even higher. Emma was now at the end of her capabilities. The water from the restaurant had filled her bladder even more and she was now leaking steadily. Jake saw it happening and put his hand on her crotch to help her hold.

Emma's own hands pushed them away and she put both her hands on her peehole and she tightened her sphincter with all her might. She sat up straight and bent forward. She spurted for a second, and another time, and another time, and a sprurt of 2 seconds. 'Jake I don't think I can..' But Jake had already seen what was happening and he had ran to the other side of the room where he saw an empty container. He grabbed it and placed it under Emma. 'Let it go baby.' He said. Emma didn't wait a second longer, piss immediatly shot out of her and she swung her head back in bliss. She moaned loudly as she started rubbing her clit.

Not even a second after she touched it she exploded into the best orgasm in her life. Waves of pleasure swept over her body as her whole body contracted again and again. She had never felt anything like this, her vision went black and she kept orgasming for 3 minutes. When her orgasms stopped she had still not stopped peeing. And she continued to pee for another 3 minutes, 6 minutes total. When her bladder was finally empty her exausted body collapsed onto the bed and she couldn't move or talk for the next few minutes. Meanwhile Jake had measured how much she had peed. '3.4 liters,' he whispered into Emma's ear. When Emma had recovered they had the best sex in their lives and they slept for 14 hours long. And this certainly wasn't the last time Emma and Jake did something like this.

The End

PS: yes I know, unrealistic ;)

*019*2021-04-14 06:31

As a quick side note:

I am now planning to make more stories in the near future, because I really do enjoy writing them. I realized how annoying I find it myself when I read a story that is unfinished so I felt like I had to finish this one, even though my motivation to write had kinda dissappeared, but now that I wrote again I once again realized how fun it is. So stay tuned for may unrealistic stories of girls with massive bladders ;)

Hope you enjoyed the story and feel free to give tips.

*021*2021-04-14 07:07

{{30 minutes ago, MrPiggy said:

I would really just enjoy more stories just like this. Maybe even have them being denied the bathroom more than Emma?

}}

Yes I agree with you

*023*2021-04-16 10:48

{{On 4/14/2021 at 4:18 PM, huberp76 said:

I like your stories and i am glad that you will write more of it.

I love it if a girl is forced to hold it extreme long, if she can’t take her morning pee, or she has to go to sleep with a full bladder.

I like it if she has no chance to wee, or if she is not allowed, if she is needing to go really bad, but still has to wait for hours.

I like it if she gets pressed on her belly to make her urge and her need stronger, or if someone massage her swollen bladder.

I am curious of your stories.

}}

I'm glad you liked the story.

And I also really like it when a girl with a very big bladder is forced to hold it for a long time. Also when they try to hide that they are desperate to pee is very sexy to me.

I will definitely write more stories like this in the future

