Family Bladder - Page 2

Author: MOV

*025*2019-09-06 04:10

Chapter 7

Sarah turned over in her bed. The sun by now had risen and forced its light through the blinds. After hitting Sarah’s eyes for a bit, she awakened and sat up. Out of force of habit, she climbed out of bed and made her way over to the bathroom. However, she stopped when she realized she didn’t have to pee.

Her eyes widened when she remembered the previous night. After she had peed her pants in front of everybody, she had mentally given up on trying to maintain her dignity. She cringed as she recalled how she took her pants and underwear off in front of everyone. For some god forsaken reason she thought it was appropriate to walk around naked from the waist down. And finally, she remembered the goodnite.

Sarah looked at herself in the mirror. She didn’t have to pee. Sighing, she slipped down her sweatpants to inspect herself.

The diaper was absolutely soaked. When Sarah put it on the previous night, it had a pink tint with some cute designs. No longer. Sarah’s cheeks flushed red with embarrassment as the realization hit her that she in effect wet the bed. After taking a moment, she looked at the time on her phone, and figured that Olivia and Kelsey probably already left.

Knowing that hat she had to get to work, Sarah left her room to go to the bathroom and get ready. On the way there she passed the laundry room and saw the pants Olivia and Kelsey peed yesterday, laying on the floor about a foot away from the washing machine. Rolling her eyes, Sarah ignored that and entered the bathroom to shower. She took the goodnite off and left it in the trash bin.

After Sarah’s shower she returned to her room to get dressed for work. She put on white panties and tan khakis, along with a black sweater for a top. Glancing at the time, she picked up her mental pace and wanted to get a move on to work. After one last look in the mirror, she made her way out of her apartment and towards her parking garage where her car was parked. Once Sarah sat in the car, she noticed that at least somebody had the courtesy of removing all the towels everybody who had a wet butt sat on.

After her normal morning commute, Sarah arrived to work only a little late, not that anybody particularly cared. Not long after entering the building did she pass Kathy’s office. Despite seeing her out of the corner of her eye as she walked, she did not stop to say hello. What had happened the previous night was just too awkward of a subject. She kept walking down the hallway until she strolled into her office. Immediately, she sat down in her chair and turned on her computer. With no real work to be done, she just browsed the Internet for a half hour.

”Hey girly!”

Kathy entered Sarah’s office, with a new face behind her.

“Hey.” Sarah replied while slowly looking up from her computer screen.

“This is Carol. She just started here and we’ve spent the morning chatting”.

Realizing that Kathy still wanted to talk to her in spite of what she did last night, Sarah loosened up a little and rolled her chair away from her desk and towards the others to better converse. She smiled and looked at Carol. Carol was a medium height lady who appeared to be in her mid to late 30s with shoulder length blonde hair. For her first day of work, she wore black slacks and a white blouse, along with cute glasses.

Kathy seemed to like Carol, and Sarah could see why. She was very friendly and humorous. The three began a long talk to learn more about each other. They had found out that Carol had no kids nor husband, and had just finished an over 15 year career working in a nursing home. The whole hour or so that they talked, Carol kept sipping from her reusable water bottle.

”I have to pee” Carol suddenly proclaimed in between conversations. Sarah blushed. Meanwhile, Kathy went ahead and kept talking about whatever was on her mind, and Carol seemed to be in no rush to head to the bathroom. After talking for a few more minutes, Sarah told an apparently very humorous piece of office gossip, and all three of them began to laugh.

”I’m going to pee myself! I have to pee!” Carol laughed as she bent over while crossing her legs and putting her hands to her crotch. Sarah noticed that her legs were trembling, which is what happens to Olivia just before she has an accident. Again, she blushed.

”Oh Hmm, she’ll fit right in with those two” said a coworker passing by Sarah’s office right when Carol started her pee dance.

Sarah was mortified at the comment. By now her face was completely red and she felt close to crying. Why would her coworker say that to a new person?

”I’ll be right back” Carol said as she regained her posture and walked out of Sarah’s office towards the ladies room. With her gone, Kathy looked over to Sarah, who was obviously on the verge of tears. Kathy pulled her chair close to Sarah.

”Hey, what’s wrong?”

”She’s going to hate us” Sarah sniffled. “She’ll find out that sometimes we pee in our pants and think we’re idiots. You heard what that bitch said when she saw her about to pee herself, ‘she’ll fit right in’” Sarah said in a mocking voice. “People will tell her to stay away from us over it”.

Kathy kept looking Sarah in the eye even though Sarah kept trying to look away. She got closer and just leaned sideways on her, and pressed her jeans against Sarah’s legs. She kept chuckling at her friends worry.

”How about we just tell her ourselves then? Don’t let other people set the tone” Kathy proposed.

”No!”

”Yes!”

Sarah couldn’t argue with that rebuttal.

”Kath?”

”Yes sweetheart?”

”Don’t tell her that I wet the bed in a diaper last night” Sarah asked. “Now you know.

Kathy slowly nodded. Just a moment after, Carol walked back into the room. Her water bottle had been refilled and she resumed sipping from it as she sat back down. After a particularly long sip, she gave a relaxing sigh.

“Well at least that one lady thought we would get along!” Carol told the others.

”Yes! But I think there was more to that than just getting along” Kathy laughed. Sarah began bracing herself

”What else did she mean?” Carol asked

”She said that right as you were doing a pee pee dance and saying you were about to wet yourself and how bad you had to pee” Kathy explained

”Yeah, I had to pee so bad!” Carol explained. She took some more of her water.

”Well, both Sarah and I have peed ourselves here at work.” Kathy explained.

”You’re kidding!” Carol gasped while covering her mouth. Sarah knew this was a mistake. “How’d that happen?” Carol asked.

Kathy smiled and pulled her chair closer to Carol’s, and pulled Sarah with her. “Well all the toilets were down for maintenance so while we were waiting we just flat out couldn’t hold it anymore”

”So like you leaked while you were waiting?”

”More than that, I don’t know about this one, but I emptied my entire bladder. But judging by the state of her pants I think she let it all out too. In any case, most people laughed at us.” Kathy went into detail.

Sarah’s face was a tomato at this point. She didn’t understand how Kathy could so easily have the confidence to talk about an embarrassing experience. Hopefully the conversation would change subjects soon.

”But you know” Kathy continued, “When I walked into the bathroom the next morning when I came to pick up something I forgot, I saw tons of pee stained panties in the trash.”

”No way!” Replied Carol.

”Way. So I think a lot of people just went in their skirts, at least a little bit, then tried to hide it. But because we were the only ones wearing pants, we were the only ones who got teased. Oh”. Kathy began whispering and leaning closer at this point. “I was wearing a romper and it took me a while to get it off. I had to pee really bad so I started leaking into my underwear before I sat on the toilet. So after I was done I tossed my panties right onto the top of the pile.”

Everybody leaned back in their chair and laughed.

”Oh my God, that is so funny” Carol said.

Feeling at ease, the three continued their talks for another half hour. Over time, Carol had gradually depleted her water bottle again. She began to shift in her seat and cross her legs. However the time had come to get work done.

”Okay guys, nice talk. But we should get our stuff done now” Sarah said.

”Yeah you’re right” Kathy replied as she stood up. “But let’s all meet up after work. Maybe we can go out somewhere.”

”Sounds good” Said Carol as she stood up as well. “I have to pee again anyway, but it was nice getting to know you guys. I’ll see you later!” She continued as she walked out the door.

“Later girly!” Said Kathy as she followed behind.

Sarah relaxed in her chair and sighed. She was just glad that the previous night was behind her. Carol seemed cool too, so all was looking up. She would be sure to see both of them later.

###

The sun had set, and all the girls were getting out of work. Sarah walked out of the building into the cold of the night, and shivered. She saw Kathy waiting by the wall in front of the parking lot and went over to her. Kathy smiled as she saw Sarah approach.

”Girly!”

”Hey Kath! Have you seen Carol? I didn’t notice her as I was leaving from outside”. Sarah asked

Before Kathy could respond, both of the women felt their phones vibrate. Sarah took her phone out and read the notification. It was a group chat message started by Carol.

”I’ll be out in a minute I’m just peeing”

”Well never mind then”

The two laughed. Light snow had been falling, though by the amount of snow on the ground, it had been obvious that it had snowed a fair amount while they were working. Sarah checked the weather forecast. The snow would be picking up even harder again any minute now, and would continue on into the night. While she was looking, she got a notification on her phone from work.

”Due to inclement weather conditions, all central office work is cancelled tomorrow, Tuesday, January 8th.”

”Yippee” Sarah quietly said as she explained the news to Kathy.

“That’s great. Except that there’s a ton of accidents on the way to our houses” Kathy said looking at her own phone. “It’ll take hours to get home at that rate. And it’s freezing out here, I wish I knew Carol was going to be a minute.”

”Sorry!” Carol blurted to both of them as she sped walked over. “Gotta go when you gotta go, and hearing about that, I’m glad I went when I did. Just in case”. Carol pulled out her phone and appeared to be looking something up. “My new place so far doesn’t have any traffic accidents blocking the way, just usual snow slow down. Do you guys want to come over and wait at my place while traffic to your guys’ neighborhood dies down?”

”That’s a great idea!” Sarah responded. “Thank you”!

”Yeah that’ll be fun!” Kathy added.

“Okay let’s do it. Do you guys just want to leave your cars here for now and let me drive all of us, I parked on the street because I don’t have a pass to the garage yet. But the garage looks packed anyway so that may be a good thing”.

Sarah turned around and looked towards the parking garage. Sure enough, it was packed full of cars with their engines on trying to leave but not moving. It would take an hour just to get out it.

”Yeah that’d be great!” Sarah told her.

”Good, let’s go!”

The trio walked over to Carol’s car parked on the street. It was a modest 4 door that would seat 5 and have leather seats. Carol opened her door and sat in the drivers seat then unlocked the passenger doors. Kathy got shotgun while Sarah sat in the back behind Kathy. Carol took a sip from her once again refilled water bottle before plopping it in the cup holder. Even outside the parking garage, the street was a mess. The waiting game begun.

Carol had been waiting for a few minutes already but hadn’t even left the spot she had parked. The gentlemen to her rear left gave her a hand wave to signify that he would let her in, but nobody was moving so she had no chance to take up the offer because she wouldn’t fit. Sighing, she took another sip of her water.

”Do you carry and fill that thing all day?” Kathy asked.

”Oh yeah I do” Carol smiled as she responded.

”Are you one of those people who are obsessed with staying hydrated”? Kathy continued asking.

”I think drinking water is really important to health. It keeps my skin clear. So I drink it all day long.”

”How do you do that without having to pee all the time?” Sarah asked

Carol laughed

”I don’t. I just have to pee all the time. It’s just something I do.”

There was finally a gap in the traffic and Carol could get into the street. Traffic seemed to be picking up a little bit. It was still pathetically slow, but at least it was consistently moving. The roads were so slippery and it was so dark that they couldn’t blame everybody for going so slow. The girls passed time by talking about their family’s, and then into less serious topics, such as where Kathy got the jeans she was wearing.

45 minutes into the trip Kathy suddenly announced “I wish I went pee with you before we left”. Kathy was wiggling in her seat and putting her hands to her crotch.

”I hear that. I have to go again.” Carol said as she stood up straight as she placed her now half empty water bottle back in its cup holder.

Sarah hadn’t broadcasted it, but she had to pee really bad as well. She hadn’t gone when she left work, but she didn’t need to them, and she genuinely didn’t know it was snowing outside and there’d be traffic.

”I’ve got to use the bathroom too. This way can be awful when traffic is bad. Both my daughters have actually wet themselves on the way back from class on this route. ” Sarah added.

”Oh shit. If she’s saying she has to go, it’s a real emergency”. Kathy told Carol.

”Kath!”

“It’s true! If you’re at the point where you admit you gotta go, it’s often pretty close to too late for you!”

Sarah began feeling a flood of emotions, but Carol cut that short.

”Guys, it’s okay. We’re not in our early 20s, it’s harder for us to hold it. Especially for Sarah because she had two kids. Look, the way I drink all this water, do you think I have never had accidents? They happen! My last job was a caretaker in an understaffed elderly home center. I was there for years. A lot of times I couldn’t just leave my work to go to the bathroom, but I still had my water drinking habit. Back in my 20s, I think I only full on peed myself there once, but I’d occasionally leak in or even soak my underwear. After I got into my 30s it got to be more common. I started to carry an extra pair of underwear in my purse because wetting my panties became more common. After a little while having leaks that would show up on my pants got to be not uncommon, so I brought extra pants to work too. In my last few years there, there’d be times where I completely wet my pants multiple times in the span of one year. I didn’t want to keep doing that, so I...”

Carol looked at Kathy and in the mirror to Sarah, who had visibly calmed down.

”I started wearing pull ups to work. And that’s how I spent my last two years there, up until a couple of weeks ago.”

Sarah felt so calm. She had been stressed all day about wearing the diaper in front of Kathy and everybody, and yet here Carol was, a friend but brand new, telling them that she was flat out reliant on them.

”Whoa! Are you wearing one now?” Kathy asked.

Carol giggled and shook her head.

”No. That was something I was excited for today. First day of a job where I can wear big girl underwear. But that means nothing if in this car I. Pee. My. Pants”.

All three of them laughed but cut it short when their needs to pee triggered them to grab their crotches. Another 45 minutes passed, and the girls were still trying to hold strong.

”I wish I had one of those pull ups right about now. Or do you have an empty cup anywhere?” Kathy asked.

”I wish, I just cleaned out this car. But it’s not like I ever peed in them on purpose, they were for when I actually couldn’t hold it anymore and it just came out. Oh god, I just remembered the times where it completely filled up. Trust me, being a 35 year old lady walking around in what was essentially a soaking wet diaper was weird. God forbid I tried sitting after that. Oh, there was this one time where I had to go so bad, that the pull up filled up, and then over flowed, so I still wet my pants!”

The car stayed silent for a bit after that. Carol wondered if she came on too strong by talking about it too much, but just shrugged at the thought and messed with the car radio and other controls. It wasn’t until 20 minutes later that the silence was broken by a gasp from Kathy.

Kathy unbuckled and lifted herself off the seat to look at her butt, but then looked confused. She felt around at her butt, and then felt at the seat.

”I could have sworn I just peed. My ass is all warm and so is the seat. But I’m not wet”.

”Oh gosh no! That’s just the seat warmer. Sorry, the electrical work in this car is screwed up and sometimes it just turns stuff on”.

Sarah was really struggling. She thought to herself “Lucky Kathy” as she looked down at her crotch. She felt a spurt of pee that lasted a second escape and dampen her underwear. She checked if it showed up on her pants, and fortunately it didn’t. Unbeknownst to her, Carol saw this in her rearview mirror.

“So if any of us does have an accident in here, it’s no worries. It wouldn’t be the first one. The seats can handle it. Though at this rate we should be there within 10 minutes.

The car wasn’t silent the rest of the way. The girls kept motivating each other to hold on, they made it a game. Carol was determined to have a dry first day, Sarah wanted to hold it, and Kathy just really liked her jeans.

”There it is!” Carol said pointing at an apartment building. The other girls cheered. “I’m on the top floor!” All the girls moaned.

”I can’t wait until the top floor. As soon as we get out I’m making some yellow snow.” Kathy told the others.

As Carol began the process to park, everybody unbuckled their seatbelts. Sarah looked down once again as she felt another spurt into her pants, this one dampening her light khakis into a dark color in a little spot at the crotch. As soon as Carol stopped the car on some snowy ground that she assumed was her parking spot and put it into park, Kathy bolted out of the car and ran to the most private side, which we was in front of the headlights. The other girls followed suit.

While Kathy struggled unbuttoning her really tight jeans, Carol slid off her slacks and blue panties and peed right away.

“Ah not a second to spare” she said out loud as she sighed.

Sarah squatted down next to her and pulled her pants and underwear off. As soon as they were clear she joined Carol in peeing. Their puddles joined together a few feet down from them. As the other two were peeing, Kathy was still wrestling with her button.

”Shit!”

A dark patch started forming on the back of Kathy’s jeans. It quickly expanded down both her legs. Unable to get her button undone, she squatted down next to Sarah and peed through her jeans. Sarah and Carol laughed while Kathy smiled.

”Oh yeah? Well those were white when you bought them!” Kathy pointed to Sarah’s yellow pee stained underwear.

”True!” All three laughed, which disrupted their pee streams.

Carol was the first to finish, and stood up to pull her pants back up. She was rather proud of herself for not even losing a drop the entire day. Kathy finished next. The entire back of her jeans were soaking wet and dripping. Finally Sarah finished. She examined her underwear. It was completely damp, and some had leaked into her pants. Regardless, she pulled everything back on and stood up. The three had left a fairly large puddle.

”I hope it doesn’t freeze and nobody slips on it” Kathy said pointing to the puddle. The other two giggled.

”C’mon. Let’s go inside” Carol invited.

Once inside the apartment, Carol flickered on the lights in her kitchen. She walked in a little bit, then stopped and turned around. She put her hands on Kathy’s shoulders and gently turned her around. It was immediately apparent that Kathy had to change. Carol then did the same to Sarah. She bent down a little to look at her crotch.

”Yeah, you guys are both going to need a change of pants. Give me a second.” Carol told them as she walked out of the kitchen towards her bedroom.

Sarah and Kathy just looked at each other and gave a chuckle. A moment later Carol emerged from her room carrying two pairs of sweatpants, one pink and one grey. Before she handed the pants to them, she stopped at a kitchen cabinet and pulled out a bottle of wine along with some glasses.

“I call the pink one!” Kathy said as Carol distributed the clothes. Sarah took the grey sweats.

“You guys can just give me your clothes” Carol said. “I’ll put them in the wash and they’ll be ready before we leave.”

Kathy took Sarah by the wrist and walked with her into the bathroom. They changed together and discussed how Awesome Carol was. Mid conversation, Kathy pointed out to Sarah that the bathroom closet door was open, and an item of interest that was visible. It was a half depleted package of adult pull ups.

“She wasn’t kidding!” Kathy told her.

The pair exited the bathroom wearing their sweatpants ready to drink some wine. Carol has already started. Though they only intended to stay for a few hours, the night slipped away quickly, and nobody had any intention of leaving by the time it was the dead of night. Multiple wine bottles were emptied, and there were multiple inhibited trips to the bathroom. They even went together once, Sarah used the toilet, Kathy peed in the shower, and Carol sat on the sink. The night was only a blur, with lots of laughing and tears and hugging.

At 3 AM Sarah woke up in Carols room. She had passed out on the floor next to the bed. She was still drunk, but was able to feel a damp sensation in her bottom. The room had plenty of nightlights, so she sat up and examined herself. There was a huge wet spot on their butt, and the rug below her was wet. Sighing, she got up to tell Carol and see if maybe she had another extra pair of pants. Carol was lying down in bed on top of her blankets. Right as Sarah went to shake Carol’ shoulder, she noticed a puddle under the slacks that Carol never took off. She gently put a finger on the wet spot and then sniffed it, confirming that Carol wet the bed too.

Sarah shook her shoulder to wake her up. Carol opened one eye then shut it slowly. Sarah kept shaking. This time Carol rolled up and gave an expectant look. Sarah just pointed to her wet pants.

“Oh” Carol said. At that, she got a look on her face and then felt around the bed under her. Upon her realization that she had the same problem, she rolled her eyes at herself. She held Sarah’s hand and stood up. At that very moment, they heard a hissing. They looked to the source, which was Kathy sleeping in a chair in the room, a chair which was now absorbing her pee. Carol took Sarah and walked to Kathy who was still peeing in her sleep. She shook Kathy until she woke up and stopped peeing right away. With the damage done though, Carol took Kathy by the other hand and walked with the two to her closet.

Still drunk, Carol let go of their hands and left them standing there as she went to the bathroom. Both Sarah and Kathy almost fell asleep again in the minute Carol was gone, and Kathy finished her pee where she stood, staining the rug at their feet and further wetting her pants. Carol reappeared in the room a minute later, but instead of having slacks on, she was only wearing a fresh pull up, and she carried the rest of the package into the room. Seeing the two still standing in front of the closet, Carol came over and pulled down their wet clothes, and opened the closet so they could find any other pants they might want.

Kathy however didn’t care for more pants, and just put on a pull up as well. She quickly did so and helped Carol change the sheets. Sarah thought for a moment, and decided to just put on a pull up as well. In no time, the three put new sheets on the bed, and collapsed on it. Sarah felt at her pull up, and gently fell into a deep sleep.

