The conference (part 8 - final part)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-08 23:43

Back in the main conference room James and June return to their morning seats as the CEO takes to the stage. Listening as he summarises the mornings proceedings then continues on with listing all the group assignments and questions both June and James return to drinking the fresh iced water that has been replenished on the tables for them. James winks at June as she looks over at him as the first group of candidates are invited up on stage to share what they worked on during the afternoon.

June looks over at James as he faces the front as she wonders how they will manage to wing their way through their presentation when they spent their time alone in the room engaged in activities very much unrelated to the task they had been set. As she finishes her glass of water and pours herself another due to the heat in the large room nerves creep up steadily.

James has managed to drink three full glasses of water before their names are finally called as the details of their task appears on a large screen for everyone to see. They haven’t even discussed or agreed who will talk because their minds were consumed on other things but as James reaches to help June up the stairs to the stage he whispers and winks to her, ‘leave this to me.’.

On the stage James is nervous as he clears his throat and begins by reading out the task he and June had been set hours ago.

“Understanding what a client really needs: Your task this afternoon is to discuss how to interpret what a client really needs without them saying. This is about understanding body language, listening for subtleties in their language, knowing how to respond to their need appropriately and leaving them fulfilled and satisfied. The more we can read a client the more we, as a company, can meet their need and support them.”

Clearing his throat again James speaks clearer and more confidently.

‘So after June and myself had read the task a few times we had a brief discussion then we felt the best way to approach this would be to role play. June took on the role of customer and I the bank employee. I won’t bore you with our entire role play though I will say it was very entertaining at times, very memorable and dare I say even good fun! Oops am I allowed to say that at a work conference?

June arrived flustered, embarrassed and not giving eye contact. Her body language was oozing someone clearly in a bit of an awkward predicament but nervous and worried about telling me what this was. She was quiet, evasive and when I offered her the customary tea or coffee she refused. It appeared from her mannerism she wanted to be somewhere else and she was rather uncomfortable.

Of course I remained fully professional at all times, trying to put her at ease, even revealing something personal about myself to break the ice. I highly recommend this strategy by the way as it really seemed to connect us and gave an open opportunity for June to disclose what her difficulty finally was. That helped us both focus.

The next think I did was to pay close attention to her facial expressions. Even after she revealed her problem I could see she was still very tense, very anxious and at times even afraid. She wasn’t sure I really would be able to help her and sort out her problem. When eye contact did happen there was a sense she was pleading with me to get her out of the mess she was in and also I sensed a real feeling that she needed me to remain confidential, which of course, as professionals of such a well known company we always are. I reassured her she was in capable hands more than once and that I would do everything in my power to help her. I also felt it was very reassuring for the clients to know that the problems they face are not unique and that everyone at some point or other in life has found themselves in a similar desperate situation too. It’s so important to keep that connection with the client.

Of course, prior to June coming to see me I made sure to do my research and check on her history. Has she found herself in similar situations before? How solid were her assets? Did she have any unique circumstances that might make her stand apart and mean I had to help her a little more than others? I firmly advise checking what a client has been putting into their account over a course of time so you know fully what you are dealing with.

Finally keep a close note of their tone of voice. I noticed with June when she arrived her tone was stable and fairly calm but the longer our meeting lasted the most stressed, anxious and agitated her voice was becoming. At one point all she could answer me with was grunts and whispers but taking account of everything else I knew by this point those were understandable and conveyed everything necessary.

We worked together and found a solution that was very satisfactory to us both, even if it was rather unconventional. I am proud to say that we both left the meeting very relieved and satisfied.

So in conclusion here are my four most important ways to understand what someone might really need even if initially they don’t say.

Body language

Facial expressions

Known history: when did they last visit the ba..(he pauses, about to write bathroom and immediately corrects it to bank)

Tone of voice

May I take this moment to say a huge thank you to my wonderful colleague June Riley here who was excellent this afternoon and so professional and patient. She kept things together unbelievable well under very stressful circumstances despite things lasting much longer than planned. I hope we get further opportunities to calibrate together in future as I am confident we would make a very strong team.

I hope you have learnt something from our assignment which will help you in your various roles in the company. I know I have! Thanks for listening.’

Helping June down off the stage again as everyone claps James guides her back to their seats, both their faces flushed but their eyes twinkling.

James isn’t the only one hoping they get to work together again soon as their legs touch beneath the table and their hands grasp yet another glass of water each….

*003*2021-06-09 14:48

{{1 hour ago, Guyandee said:

Just superb, thank you.

}}

Glad you enjoyed. I loved writing it.

