The day of a professional tennis player

Author: McDonkadonk

*000*2019-10-13 09:25

Hi all,

Long time lurker here! I have been writing a couple of stories for myself, so figured I might as well post them here.

Feedback is greatly appreciated, would like to write more in the future.

###

All similarities to an existing person is not intended by the author and is either a coincidence or the product of your own troubled imagination.

Carolina woke up as usual around 8. This was the start of another full-of-events day, and she had a lot to do. First her usual morning routine, then she had to rush off to the city center, to finish an advertisement she was working on with her main sponsor. Then she would go eat with her coach, and speak about her tournament in Dubaï next week. After that she would go to the sport complex, to train a few hours. But before that she knew there would be fans waiting for her, and she would be expected to sign of few tennis balls or t-shirts. This was usual for a star such as was Carolina.

Carolina few started to dress. She was a very elegant young lady, and she needed to appear a classy and appealing as she could, this was important for her fame. She chose a cute white and pink top, a denim jacket and her favorite blue skirt. After that, Carolina considered for a few seconds if she should visit the bathroom. She had been out to the pub last evening, drinking a few ciders, and chatting with friends, and had had no need to empty her bladder at that time. Indeed, Carolina had developed a copious bladder capacity over the years, coming from her wish to always stay hydrated, her lack of time and her love for cider. Finally, pondering all this, she decided that she would go at her sponsor’s office quickly, as she was afraid of being late, the appointment being at 9 already. Anyway, her need wasn’t so urgent right now, she knew she could hold much more.

In the kitchen, she had a bowl of cereal and a big glass of orange juice, then quickly took a shower. Although the water running on her was making her feel the need to piss, she wasn’t too keen about soiling her shower, and thus kept her bladder gates closed. After that she spent some time doing her make-up and brushing her teeth. She had a long look in the mirror: she was stunning, with her long golden hair, her gently sparkling blue eyes and her cute and round face.

A moment later, Carolina was in her car, taking the direction of the city center. She parked in front of her sponsor’s office, and then took a few gulps of her 1 liter bottle she always had with her. She had to stay hydrated! Then the shooting began. It was quite long, as the team was expecting a lot from her, and they had to do many takes before finally being satisfied, at around 11.30 During that time, she finished drinking up her bottle, and filled it again. She even started drinking it before they finally finished.

Her bladder was now feeling quite full, but Carolina was used to it, so she decided to already go to the restaurant to meet with her coach, as she didn’t like being late.

She showed up there at around 12. She had to wait 5 minutes for her coach, so to pass time, she finished drinking her bottle. When he finally arrived, they entered the restaurant and sat. Almost immediately, the server came and asked for their orders. Carolina took a plate of pasta, as she needed energy for her afternoon, as well as a big coke. They ate slowly, because they were busy speaking about competition, and during the whole lunch, Carolina was feeling her bladder swelling and becoming larger and larger. It was pushing on the waistline of her skirt, and she had to discretely pull up her skirt in order to ease the pressure. But despite all the fullness and desperation, she was not ready to go relieve herself. Rushing to the toilets to piss an absolute waterfall would not look professional, and anyway she hated dashing to the ladies when she had company. She would thus keep holding.

When they finished at the restaurant, she took the car again, this time with her coach. They arrived at the training center, parked and entered the building. Inside, they were at least 2 dozens of enthusiastic fans waiting for her. Forgetting the cries of her bladder, Carolina started signing the items they had brought with them, also exchanging a few words and smiles. Being admired and loved by her fans is much more important than getting rid of this useless piss in her bladder.

This lasted for almost half an hour, and during all that time, Carolina had to keep the control over her bladder, without making it look like she needed to piss. It was a very difficult task, she was sweeting and she felt tired. Also, her bladder was now bulging quite noticeably under her skirt, and she was afraid people would think she was pregnant, or just fat.

When finally, every fan was satisfied, Carolina decided that it was time to allow herself some relief. She knew she would not be able to play with a bladder that was filled to the brim, and she realized that she had already shown her bloated belly to too much people. She calmly walked to the toilets, closed the door, and then quickly rushed to the cubicle, lowered her skirt and knickers, and let the piss flow.

Her stream rushed out of her with such strength that she couldn’t control it, and it ended up hitting the side of the bowl, splashing everything in the process, including the floor and her tights. But she was so full that for half a minute, she was not able to reduce the piss flow. Carolina loved it. In her opinion, finally being able to piss after holding for ages was one of the best feeling ever. Only when she was, after holding for so long, feeling her bladder starting to deflate was she able to control her pee again. She was now peeing less strongly, but Caro was so full that it kept going on and on for almost 2 other minutes, before finally coming to an end.

She then carefully wiped herself, included her soaked tights. She could not do anything about the puddle of piss on the floor, so she just washed her hands and got out. She still had a long day ahead of her, with a lot of fluid to consume, and maybe who knows, another great relief in the end.

