In times of desperation - Page 2

Author: Mbgpeelover

*025*2020-06-06 07:37

Chapter 15:

Sarah’s heart went out to Will so much. Social anxiety was one thing, even autism perhaps, but how physically painful and humiliating must it be to be unable to urinate when you really needed to? Her own body was still expelling liquid waste at a steady stream and she was so grateful for that. It was blissful and so relieving to let her bladder empty and she longed to be able to help her client do the same. She couldn’t help but look over at the man within touching distance of her and what his hand held firmly but gently. He was frustrated, vulnerable, and angry so hearing him shout was not in any way surprising, other than for the fact the man had hardly opened his mouth since she first set eyes on him. She pushed her own pee out as fast as her body would expel it, though her stream felt long and never ending.

Will had drawn attention to himself even more with his stupid outburst. He hated his body right now. He hated anxiety. He hated his inability to piss anywhere but home. His life sucked. He stood there as time seemed to stand still with nothing but a drop dangling from his tip taunting him. He was past caring what Sarah thought. Despite the fact she was the most incredible and amazing woman in the world he had already decided he was never seeing her ever again, never setting foot in her counselling room. He was too ashamed of himself, too embarrassed.

Sarah finally finished her wee, pulled her sodden pants up, straightened her skirt, flushed the toilet and walked over to the sink. She touched Will’s shoulder and whispered ‘It’s ok. You can do this. You are not a failure.’

Wether it was her voice, her touch, or her presence, Will wasn’t sure. Whatever it was though his penis was reacting. His entire body was reacting! He lifted his eyes from the penis he loathed so much to look at Sarah in the eye. She was the epitome of perfection, the definition of beauty, she was mesmerising. He longed to touch her, kiss her, smell her, explore her. His eyes glistened, his back straightened, his heart beat faster, his dick doubled in size.

Sarah stared at Will’s anatomy in amazement. She couldn’t help but say something.

‘Well, it’s sure working now Will! Just maybe not quite how you wanted eh?’

Will laughed. He could not recall the last time he had laughed. He looked at his penis, then to the beautiful woman next to him, then laughed again. And just like that he sprung a huge leak so sudden he pissed over the hand dryer and had to concentrate to aim his hard penis into the sink. He was peeing! Hard, fast, long and through an erection! He had to steady himself by leaning one hand on the bathroom wall.

Sarah watched, captivated by every second of it. She wanted to cheer, take Will for a celebration drink...fuck him! God did she want to fuck him like she had never wanted to fuck anyone in her entire life! She liked Will on a level she had never liked any man and judging by what she had seen tonight he liked her too. He was still peeing too! One hand leaning on the wall, the other holding his hard dick which was pouring out urine right now like a fire hose!

Sarah could only imagine how bursting he must have been. She admired his control, his ability to hold, his determination to always get home without an accident. Sure he had issues, didn’t everyone, but he was trying to overcome them. Her heart swelled with pride in him.

Finally his stream slowed until there was nothing left to come out of him. His entire demeanour changed, his whole body relaxed, except his penis which was still rock hard.

Sarah could never counsel Will. He would need to look elsewhere if he wanted therapy. She didn’t want him as a client at all...she longed for him as a lover instead.

She shouldn’t have, she knew that, but her impulses got the better of her. She ran over to him, threw her arms around him and kissed him.

Will was in heaven. That piss was like an orgasm and never in his entire life had he pissed quite as much and the feeling of urine seeping through his erect penis felt akin to having a litre and a half of cum shooting out of him! He had his eyes half closed, lost in the moment, so he was unaware until Sarah’s arms were round his neck, her moist lips caressing and kissing his. He never was good at reading other’s intentions but he certainly wasn’t complaining.

His fly was open, his hard penis rubbing against Sarah’s thighs as he threw both arms around Sarah, letting her hair fall through his fingers, feeling right down her back, and pulling her closer while their lips and tongues explored every last area of each other.

Sarah was his key alright. He wasn’t ever letting her go.

$$

$$

$$

*027*2020-06-06 09:18

{{11 minutes ago, wannawatch said:

I've never had a favoritie series either in books or a tv-show, but this.. this is definitely my first !

Love it !!

}}

So glad someone is enjoying this. I very much enjoyed writing it.

*030*2020-06-06 22:31

{{20 minutes ago, wedgeantilles said:

I love this story, it is so amazing!

}}

Thank you! That means a lot to me. I will keep posting a chapter a day and I hope you continue loving it

*032*2020-06-07 08:35

{{5 hours ago, omolover97 said:

Can't believe im only just now finding this. keep it up!

}}

Plenty chapters still to come!

Chapter 16:

Will had never in his life imagined life could be this good. There was a current flowing through his entire body lit by the tongue and touch of someone else. He abandoned his entire being into the moment, encompassed in passion and lust for a woman that just over24 hours ago was a complete stranger. He wanted more: more of her tongue, more of her breasts, more of everything about her. He craved her with his whole being and they were only kissing....

Will could kiss! For all his anxiety, rigidness and issues, there was not a thread of any of that when he kissed. It was like he was a different man; on fire, in control, rugged, handsome, relaxed and so brimming with compassion and protection. Sarah had never experienced anything on this level and she knew within herself she never would again. Yet something made her pull back. This was dangerous, walking on a tightrope stuff. Her whole career, all she had studied for, slogged endless hours for, almost bankrupt herself for, was now in jeopardy over a blond haired, bearded man she met just the night before in her own consulting waiting room.

She forced herself to pull away, going against everything her body craved. She wasn’t the sort to run or hide from her mistakes and she definitely wasn’t someone to deliberately hurt another human. She cared about Will and she owed him at least an explanation. One moment, regardless how blissful and sexual, wasn’t worth risking everything for. But her body was not ready to walk away even if her head told her so.

Will could have stayed in Sarah’s arms all day. He wanted, longed and yearned so much for more. But this was Friday night and he was already out of schedule. His head told him this was uncomfortable, confusing, silly even. His body meanwhile refused to listen. But Sarah was pulling away now. He’d never kissed anyone before. What if Sarah thought he was a failure at kissing too? What if he was a failure at everything?

He allowed himself to let Sarah go as he pushed his erect penis into his trousers finally and zipped himself up. He turned to face the sink, quickly turning the tap on and pressing the soap dispenser to wash his hands. He had to complete the ritual of finishing off in the bathroom. That was Will all over: everything had to be done properly, orderly, as it was always done.

Sarah waited silently as Will made himself decent and washed his hands as if the kiss had never happened. As soon as the sink was free she squirted her own hands with soap and turned the warm tap on to wash her hands too. While she did so she watched Will head out the bathroom. She could not bear the thought of having to email him to cancel his appointment, she could not imagine never seeing him again. She cleared her throat as he began to open the door.

‘Will, are you hungry?’

Will turned to look at Sarah, struggling to give her eye contact. What did she mean ‘are you hungry?’ Was she asking if he wanted to eat with her, had she heard his stomach rumble, was there a further meaning behind her words? All he could do was answer it literally. That was how he thought. This conversation stuff was so hard.

‘Yes.’

‘Fancy a burger?’

‘Friday is fish night. I always have fish on a Friday.’

Will hated himself! What a stupid thing to say. It was true though. He had set meals for every night and Friday he had fish. He never had burgers, though he did like them. He was hungry. It was past his dinner time now and his stomach was empty. He fought past his need for consistency and routine. He was hungry and thirsty. To heck with it, a burger sounded amazing.

‘But a burger would be great.’

Will held the door for Sarah as they walked passed the ladies and gents, where they should have been, and back into the restaurant. Immediately Will’s heart rate increased, he began sweating and struggling for breath. The lights, music, crowds and smell were too overwhelming and instead of heading to the order point Will almost ran to the door.

Sarah chased after him and grabbed his hand as he headed outside.

‘It’s ok Will. You wait in your car and I’ll bring it out to you. Will you be ok on your own?’

Will thought that a crazy question. He had lived on his own since he was 18. He was almost 29. He worked all day on his own, spent every evening and weekend on his own, did everything on his own. Why would he not be ok on his own?

He nodded as he pressed the unlock button on his car and made his way to the familiarity and comfort of the drivers seat. He sat in silence hearing every beat of his own heart drum as he waited for his burger.

Sarah could only guess what Will might like so she ordered the most common burger, large fries and two large drinks and waited for her order number to appear at the top of the screen. She carried the drinks and food out to the car, unsure if Will wanted her to sit with him in his car or in her own car.

This was all so awkward.

*034*2020-06-07 09:00

{{16 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

You know what this story reminds me of? your first fiction story.

}}

It’s the same one as I said at the start. Reposting as then going to continue on with the next book and many hadn’t read this one first.

*036*2020-06-08 14:09

Chapter 17:

Will calmed down quickly once he was in the safe space of his own car. He watched out of his wing mirror for Sarah and leaned over to open the passenger door. Other than the mechanics at his trusted garage who serviced his vehicle at the exact date it was due no-one else had ever been in his car. Will didn’t let people in his life. People scared him.

Sarah saw the passenger door open and held the cardboard drinks holder out towards Will. She hoped he didn’t mind Cola, she didn’t even know what he drank to be fair. She didn’t really know much about him at all. Will leaned over to take his drink without giving her eye contact.

‘Would you mind holding my drink a minute so I can get you your meal? They put both together in the same bag.”

Will didn’t verbally reply but instead of taking his own drink he reached instead for the grey cardboard holder containing two large fizzy drinks and held it in front of his steering wheel to allow Sarah to open the brown bag and get each of their meals. He felt awkward and uncomfortable and a bit stressed. Where was he meant to put the drinks down to take the burger and fries from a Sarah? He needed one hand to balance the drinks and now needed another two hands to take his food items. How did other people make things like this so simple looking on TV? He had no idea.

Sarah could see Will struggling with the logistics of it all and with no other desire than to make things easier for Will to get his meal she spoke up.

‘Is it ok if I sit down here...just to get us sorted?’

That seemed a logical solution to Will who liked practical, logical answers to things. Solving problems was what he did, well unless they were his own personal ones. Sarah spent her life solving others problems too, yet now she seemed to be creating too many problems of her own.

For now though they both needed to eat and drink.

Will nodded for Sarah to sit down which made distribution of the drinks, burgers and fries so much easier.

They sat in silence eating, drinking and looking out the window for the next five minutes.

Suddenly Will realised Sarah had paid. He was independent, finically secure and the only people who ever paid for anything for him ever were his parents. Having no idea how much a burger, fries and a drink cost, having never eaten at McDonald’s for fear of having to speak and see people, Will handed Sarah the smallest note he had, a £20.

‘Thanks’ was all he could muster.

Sarah laughed.

‘Hey, it’s fine! I suggested here after all. I mean you could easily have been at home right now eating your Friday fish meal if it wasn’t for me.’

Will could still feel the wetness in his boxers from his earlier leaking on his journey from work. He looked straight ahead not daring to look at Sarah for fear of what she might say. He half whispered, ashamed and embarrassed.

‘And if I hadn’t of came here, at your suggestion, I would be much wetter than I already am. My car seat would have been ruined, my suit trousers drenched and even my socks and shoes would have been sodden. And....he so wanted to mention it but he was unsure if he should...I would never have been kissed by the most beautiful girl in the world.’ He stopped to take a much needed breath. ‘Thank you.’

Sarah wasn’t expecting that. In all her research on human traits, all her years of studying phycology, people still always surprised her. Will was one of those people.

In his own car he seemed different. He was confident, freely able to speak, open, honest and complementary. She was liking him more and more.

An hour later they were still talking. Though it was mostly Sarah at first Will was definitely relaxing more. Sarah had suggested ages ago that she put the rubbish in the bin and perhaps headed home but Will would then ask her another random question and she would laugh and answer it and talk more. She loved his company, his voice, his natural ability to make her feel accepted and special. The only thing making her uncomfortable was the fact her large cola was already making its way through her body fast. After her long hold earlier her muscles were weak and her damp knickers were not helping one bit.

She still hadn’t broached the subject of not being able to counsel Will and she really needed to mention it while she had the chance.

Will knew Cola with ice was never a good idea for him but he did love it and he was very thirsty having been sweating so much earlier on the journey home from work. He had no idea a person could bring him so much contentment, so much fun as Sarah did and time was passing way quicker than he realised. At home having held his bladder all day, he often struggled to hold as much as a glass of water so the large cola with ice was already starting to affect him. He could not say though. He could not face another disastrous pee but he was not ready to go home. He didn’t want his time with Sarah to end. His bladder could wait.

*037*2020-06-09 09:08

Chapter 18:

With her bladder starting to fill Sarah waited for the next natural pause in conversation. She didn’t need to wait long. Will seemed distracted now, perhaps tired and she feared if she never said it now she would forever regret it.

‘Will, tonight has been amazing. Ever since meeting you things have been amazing in fact. I like you. I like you a lot actually. You do realise though what that means? It’s unprofessional, impossible even, for me to now offer you therapy. It’s immoral, unethical and wrong on so many levels. I cant be the one to help you.’

Will fell silent and fought back the tears in his eyes. Men were not meant to cry, but then men were not meant to isolate themselves from other humans, be too terrified to talk to strangers or be unable to pee out-with their own home. He knew he needed help. He was at the place mentally where he was ready for it. Twice in two days Sarah had not only been the one to help him piss somewhere that wasn’t his own apartment but she had seen his private body parts, touched him with his dick in full view and heard him pee. She had went beyond what she should have been doing professionally, even Will understood that one, but she WAS helping him. He needed her. He swallowed hard and spoke up, finally having the confidence to look Sarah in the eye.

‘But...’ sometimes words were such a struggle to Will. ‘But, you have already helped me. So much. I don’t want to....emmm...eh....lose you?’

Looking into Sarah’s eyes was such a distraction he found it hard to speak.

Looking into Will’s wonderful brown eyes full of confusion and tears made Sarah’s body desire to kiss him all over again. She leaned towards him, hesitating just a second.

Will needed to kiss Sarah. If he might never see her again he needed to feel her hair, taste her lips and stroke her cheek at least once more. He pulled her nearer and kissed her so suddenly, so deeply, he lost himself entirely in her.

Sarah longed for Will. She had to have him. She was besotted by everything about him.

But her bladder was full, and asking her to give it release.

Will expected another erection. He was devouring a beautiful lady who he lusted after so badly. Her smell was divine, her body perfect, her hair smooth and silky. Yet all his bloody penis wanted was to pee!

He refused to think about his bladder. He wasn’t going to let Sarah go until he absolutely had to.

It was dark, getting late and Sarah glanced at the clock in Will’s car shocked to see they had been sitting talking, kissing and laughing for almost two hours. She really needed a wee and she ought to head home. She crossed her legs whilst having her hand entwined in Will’s.

Will knew he was about to say something crazy. His body was controlling his mind right now more than it had ever done in his life. If tonight was going to be the last he ever had with Sarah he wanted it to last as long as possible. He looked at the beautiful angel beside him and whispered in her ear.

‘Would you like to come back to my house for coffee?’

Before her brain had so much of a minute to catch up with her emotions her mouth had said it.

‘That would be lovely’

Another twenty minutes passed while they tried to separate so Sarah could drive her car to follow Will. Sarah was really needing to pee and it was difficult to hide as she crossed her legs and fidgeted. She needed to get in her car and get to Will’s as soon as.

Will was finding it increasingly difficult to ignore his bladder. He didn’t want Sarah to leave him for a minute but equally he could not wait to get to his apartment and piss. His knee was bouncing, his penis throbbing again.

At least he only lived four minutes away. Thank goodness for that!

They had one final short kiss before Sarah opened her door, picking up the rubbish from earlier including the two empty drinks as she winked at Will before crossing the car park to her own car. The cold air went right through her bladder and she squirmed all the way to her car.

‘The first thing I need to do at Will’s is use his bathroom’, she said to herself whilst getting into her car. She was bursting to go.

As Sarah closed his car door gently Will grabbed his crotch as she turned her back. ‘Oh to get back to mine and piss’ he said to himself as he pressed the start button and hit into reverse gear ready for Sarah to follow him. ‘God I’m bursting!’ He muttered yet again before he had even left the car park.

*039*2020-06-10 13:35

Chapter 19:

Nerves were making Will’s need to pee more intense. Nerves always affected his bladder. It might only be four minutes or so to his flat but that was four minutes too long. He could hardly sit still. His muscles were not used to holding twice in one day. He held forever in work but often spent the evenings visiting his bathroom often as his body struggled to hold much more than a mug of coffee or a glass of water. He was also panicking about having someone in his apartment. Will didn’t ever have visitors, not even family. He bought his apartment as a new build and kept it just how he liked it. If anything needed doing he researched online and sorted it himself, such was his fear of having people in his personal space. Now he was having someone, a very special someone indeed, come into his most private of places to have a coffee. What on earth had come over him?

Sarah turned the radio on in her car to try and distract herself from her desperate need to pee and her all consuming thoughts of Will. How could one large cola affect her so much? She was getting tired and her body was weary of holding but her desire to be with Will was all she could focus on. She concentrated on staying behind his car, telling herself that the moment she arrived she could excuse herself quick for relief. She was fidgeting badly, her heart beating fast and her urethra drumming constantly, fast and furiously, as it screamed to be released. ‘Surely it’s not much further’ she moaned whilst moving continuously to the music from the radio.

Will pulled into parking space number 14 without even thinking where his visitor would park. He had never had to think about where the visitor spaces where and his need to empty his bladder was all he could focus on. What did people do when they had visitors? He so wanted to buzz himself in using his key, pound up the stairs taking them two at a time, unlock his flat in super speed time and run like the clappers to the bathroom. He could think of nothing else right now as he grabbed his penis through his suit trousers and moaned.

Sarah moaned as she saw Will park, scanning in the light of her headlights for a space that wasn’t numbered. Finally she noticed one and parked up. She didn’t make a habit of going to men’s apartments in the dark; she didn’t make a habit of being alone with men at all. She had a career to focus on, a business to build, and those kept her busy enough without the added issues of a relationship. She had friends who she would occasionally meet with but as with many people most of her social life these days was messaging and commenting on social media. Her thoughts were rudely interrupted by her bladder pulsating for relief. ‘Oh I need to use Will’s loo so badly!’

She locked her car, squirming about for all she was worth and headed over towards Will. Even in the light of just street lights he was so handsome, so appealing, so sexy. He stood at the main door waiting for her, though he looked nervous, fidgety and cold. He was crossed legged and bouncing but it was late and the air had quite a chill so he was most probably cold she reasoned. She wanted to kiss him so badly, again. But her bladder reminded her that wasn’t such a good idea just yet. He seemed distracted and stressed. Maybe she shouldn’t have come for coffee after all?

Will tried so hard to think about Sarah, forcing himself to wait while she got out her car and came to the door. She seemed to be taking forever and he was close to pissing himself so bad. It was all he could do to cross his legs tight and bounce up and down. ‘Hurry up’ he muttered whilst looking at the ground. ‘Please.’

As Sarah got to the entrance Will danced a bit whilst putting his fob onto the lock. The familiar buzz sounded as he pushed the door open for his guest, grabbing at his dick as he did to prevent himself from leaking everywhere. Wether it was socially acceptable or not he had to get to the toilet the second he was in his house. He may not have drank much but his need was every bit as intense as it had been three and a half hour previously when he had pissed an absolute ocean in the sink at McDonald’s. So much had changed in the last 30 hours, he thought to himself as he tried to walk up the stairs as if all was fine, despite the fact he could feel urine at the very tip of his member, which was now shaking in his underwear such was his need.

Sarah was so glad to be behind Will climbing the stairs. She rubbed her bladder and pushed against her suit skirt as she concentrated all her effort on staying dry. It wasn’t the done thing to ask to be excused the second you arrived at someone’s home but this was an emergency and she really had no choice.

She had to cross her legs tight as Will put the key in his lock and turned it. A drop leaked into her pants and she moaned slightly and grabbed herself bending forwards. Thank goodness Will wasn’t watching her as he hadn’t so much as spoken since she had arrived. He was shy and nervous she reasoned. She hoped that was why.

Will was consumed with his absolute desperate and urgent need for release. He was on the edge of losing it and that mustn’t happen. He was so close to his bathroom!

Sarah walked into the flat behind Will almost crying with her need to get to the toilet. She had to ask where his bathroom was.

‘Will, your flat is stunning. Would it be ok if...’

Will needed Sarah in another room urgently so he could get to the bathroom immediately! He grabbed her hand and guided her to the open plan lounge and kitchen at the end of the corridor. If she could just wait there while he emptied himself. He so wanted her here, so longed to kiss her and explore her more but he HAD to get release first. He could not wait another minute.

*042*2020-06-11 09:15

Chapter 20:

‘Be back in minute beautiful.’ Will just about managed to stutter out as he undid his trouser button and fly and started running to his bathroom.

Sarah suddenly realised what was bothering him so much. Her body instantly responded, despite an extremely urgent need to pee herself, her nipples suddenly craving touch, her vagina suddenly filling with wetness. She couldn’t help but be so turned on, so sexually on fire seeing such an act of desperation yet again. She wasn’t sure what to do though. She was fiercely turned on, incredibly aroused in fact, but her bladder ached.

She ran after Will, if nothing else to know where his bathroom was! Seeing him push the door open wide as he pulled out his penis, moaning wildly, and seeing the toilet right in front of her eyes caused her body to spasm.

She ran inside, slightly pushing Will as she did. She needed to sit on that toilet so badly and knew if she had to wait for Will first she would be mortified and humiliated by having an accident.

Will had his penis in his hand as he tried to make it to the toilet in time, clenching his head closed tightly between his thumb and index finger while urine continued to filter down his entire urethra and gather in his penis. Trickles were escaping despite how hard he pressed as he struggled to walk the few metres from the door to the toilet. He could hear Sarah behind him but he could not focus on anything else right now until his bladder was relaxed. He was concentrating so hard, looking down at his own struggling penis when he suddenly felt Sarah push past him. The fright caused a spurt to leak out onto his boxers and the floor.

As he looked up at his toilet he saw Sarah straddling the toilet, sitting with her legs as wide apart as she could, her pants at her ankles, her black suit skirt bunched up around her waist.

She looked embarrassed but radiant, desperate yet daring, ashamed yet confident. Above all else she looked so incredibly sexy with her nipples showing clearly through her bra and white blouse, her hips open, her legs natural and shiny, her vagina hairy and throbbing.

She looked Will right in the eyes as he struggled with his leaking dick.

‘Sorry. I’ve been bursting for over an hour and I was starting to piss myself Will. But I’ve left you room?’

Will’s penis was already pissing as urine ran down his shaft, his leg and the floor. He moved as close as he could as he watched the almost clear stream explode from Sarah’s vagina as he aimed his member between her legs and took his death grip away from the tip.

This was his own bathroom, his place of comfort. His body had no hang ups here as his own stream shot out fast and furiously intertwined with that of the sexiest woman he was sure ever existed. He had to push his penis downwards to avoid his pee going all over Sarah’s personal body parts, though despite urinating so powerfully he was getting an erection quickly.

Sarah was in heaven. Only in her dreams could she imagine peeing together so closely with such a stud of a man. She watched his bladder deflate, his penis explode and grow simultaneously and looked up as Will’s expression changed from tense to relaxed, from urgency to pee to urgency for her. Her vagina was so close to his penis, both engrossed in relaxing together, sharing an intimacy without physically touching, having the same passion at the exact same time, a shared need fulfilled together. There was no need for words. Their urine as connected and together as their hearts.

Will had the strangest, funniest thought as his pee was finally coming to an end. He looked at his toilet, the perfect auburn beauty straddled in front of him, the little glass cabinet above his toilet. He laughed the biggest belly laugh he could ever recall.

Sarah was satisfied, well at least her bladder was. She was happy, relaxed and relieved. She could not help but smile and laugh too as she watched Will belly laugh with all his being. She adored seeing him this happy, this relaxed and free. But she was curious about where his thoughts were right now. The therapist in her won over and still sitting on the toilet, legs open wide, she asked,

‘Will, what’s so funny?’

As Will wiped the last drop from his tip and tucked his now very erect penis back into his wet underwear and pulled his trousers up, he shared openly what was still making him laugh.

‘I was thinking about your email this afternoon. You know, where you asked me to take a photograph of my toilet at home, from the position of urinating? Well I just thought: imagine I had just done that. You know, like right now. Now that would have been interesting to have on my phone!’ And at that he doubled over laughing again.

To see Will so happy, so free to speak and laugh and communicate was the most incredible, heart warning thing Sarah had ever seen. She wiped herself, wiping mucus far more than any stray urine, pulled her pants up and tugged her skirt down and fell into the arms of Will while they stood there holding each other while time stood still, laughing, kissing and just embraced in each other’s arms.

*044*2020-06-12 09:34

Chapter 21:

Sarah was, for the second time that day, the one to pull back first. For all of her impulsivity she was also practical and level headed. Despite the fact her entire body, her emotions and her heart, all longed to stay in Will’s body for the rest of her life the rational, safe part of her questioned what on earth she was doing in the apartment of a man she barely knew. This was dangerous and silly and she worried things were going too fast. She took Will’s hands in hers, linking every finger between his and raising the right one up to her mouth to press a gentle kiss on it. She was falling for Will and she wasn’t sure she could control herself regardless of her worries.

‘Will, it’s late. I haven’t been home since 7:15 this morning. This is incredible, beautiful...perfect even. I don’t want to be the one to pull away but I’m still in my work clothes, my phone has very little charge left and....’

Will couldn’t help himself as he leaned down to kiss her again, though he didn’t want to disrespect Sarah or be seen to be ignoring her. It was just she tasted so appealing, so sexy and he craved her so much.

He pulled away enough to speak.

‘But I invited you for coffee and you haven’t even had one yet!’ It sounded more forceful than he intended it. He was confused and struggling with feelings he had never experienced before. He was also struggling with the simple fact he had invited her for one thing, which she agreed to, and now she wanted to leave without it. ‘Please have a coffee at least before you go home?’

Sarah smiled. She could see Will was tired too and trying to make sense of new territory. She was so proud of him, so in awe of all he had achieved in the last two days. The least she could do for him was have a coffee.

‘Ok. One coffee and then I’ll head. But don’t panic. Remember I said in the car that I may not be able to be your therapist or counsellor but that’s because I really like you.’ Sarah, ever the counsellor and master at reading people knew Will needed to hear more clarity, more reassurance.

‘Will, we can see each other again. Oh Lord can we see each other. I want that. You are intelligent, handsome, brave and sexy. This is me just saying I need sleep, fresh clothes and practical things like to be able to charge my phone. I’m not saying I don’t want you ok?’

She knew that despite the intimacy they had shared, the passion, urgency and physical connections, words often still needed said even when actions were obvious. She immediately thought back to the day before when Will had been incredibly desperate to piss in her office but she had needed him to communicate that before she could help him to go. Just thinking back made her nipples hard again and her nether regions wet. Her body and mind were sure not keen on obeying her words about going home!

Will smiled as he let go of Sarah reluctantly and headed to the kitchen calling back jokingly, ‘so you will have that coffee then?’

‘Yes. But not too strong or I’ll never sleep tonight.’

Will switched his beloved coffee machine and opened his favourite kitchen cupboard to reveal a shelf full of coffee capsules, all in order, all with the exact same number of capsules.

‘So there’s cafe latte, cappuccino, expresso, flat white, long black, mocha, Irish coffee....or there’s mint tea, English tea, lemon tea...or there’s hot chocolate?

‘Goodness Will I thought for a moment I was in a fancy coffee shop! Maybe an English tea since it’s so late? Thanks.’

‘Would madam like milk or sugar with that?’

Will sounded like he worked in Starbucks now. Sarah had no idea how much Will longed to be able to order coffee somewhere like Starbucks and how he had tried mimicking scripts from YouTube in the hope of knowing one day what to say and having the confidence to say it. In the meantime his expensive coffee maker would need to do. Will filled the kettle while Sarah answered.

‘Just a tiny drop of milk please. And not too weak. I like to taste my tea.’

‘And I like to taste you’ Will thought to himself but thankfully didn’t say out loud.

Will’s kitchen was immaculate just like he was. When he wasn’t panicking, desperate for the loo, or struggling to breathe he was the most immaculate, smarty dressed, well groomed man she had ever met. Every last hair on his blond beard was perfect, his trouser seam in exactly the centre, his shoes polished until they appeared brand new.

Sarah had a glance around the room, lit romantically by two tall lamps exactly symmetrical from each other. The kitchen was open plan behind a cosy but spacious lounge with a TV hung perfectly straight on the wall. She turned back to see Will take a large mug from his cupboard and hoped that was for his coffee and not her tea.

‘Please take a seat ma’m and I’ll bring it over.’ Will was so grateful for his learned script. He just never expected to be practicing it at almost midnight on a Friday night with a beautiful woman in his apartment.

*045*2020-06-13 11:54

Chapter 22:

Sarah sat on the couch immediately relaxing and acutely aware how tired she was now. She didn’t live far but she couldn’t risk sleeping at the wheel so she would definitely just have her tea and leave regardless how much her body objected.

Will hadn’t made a hot drink for anyone ever in his life, discounting the one time his mum was ill and he had made her a hot lemon some six years ago now. He was loving the opportunity to show off skills he otherwise never could. He made himself his favourite coffee and his guest the tea as she had requested and took the mugs over to the couch.

Sarah looked comfortable but tired, beautiful but exhausted. Will laid the cups down on the coffee table and sat as close to Sarah as he felt was right. He wasn’t sure what was right though because he had always struggled to make sense of social rules and he avoided people. He found his own instincts guiding him as he placed his left arm around Sarah’s neck.

Sarah cuddled in, glad of the comfort, for the first time in her life feeling she was worthy, special, and accepted. She was tired and Will’s body was just so comfortable. She could feel her whole body relaxed. She might have drifted off to sleep had Will not leaned forward to pick up his coffee. Oh her tea, she had almost forgotten that!

Will had a routine. He was rarely still awake at this time of night but he did enjoy watching the news before he went to bed so despite having company he picked up his remote and switched on the twenty four hour news channel, though he did at least think to turn the volume down a few notches.

Sarah was glad to have a screen to look at to bring her more awake. She picked up her tea and sipped it. Delicious, exactly how she liked it with the smallest splash of whole milk and a lovely light brown golden colour. Not many could make tea to her satisfaction like this.

She watched the news drinking her tea until the mug was empty. Will was almost finished his coffee and then she would leave.

The sound of a familiar town name brought her attention to the screen suddenly.

‘Will, did they just mention Springland?’

Will turned the volume up as a report from the very town they were in came on. Two people had been seriously injured in a six car pile up on Chapel Grounds Road, with seven other people taken to hospital, including two children.

Sarah was the first to put the pieces together.

‘That was why there was such a hold up earlier! Had I left work just minutes earlier that could have been me!’

‘Or me!’

The thought made Will snuggle Sarah a little closer as he kissed her wavy auburn hair. She smelt divine but even Will was tired so he was content to just be holding Sarah in his arms.

‘It seems like a lifetime ago I was driving that road. It’s hard to believe it was just earlier this evening.’

‘Every time I drive that road I’m practically pissing myself you know. Every flaming time. I reckon my penis throbs for release at the very mention of its name these days. God I’ve had so many close calls at the lights on that road. I keep telling myself to get a towel for my seat.’

Sarah laughed at Will’s bluntness and honesty. She was embarrassed to admit it but in the heat of the moment said it anyway.

‘I was absolutely dying to pee when you text me and we were on that road earlier. I mean I was rocking in my seat, fingering myself, bouncing up and down the lot. I honestly thought I would ruin my car!’

Will was getting hard at that thought despite his tiredness. There was something about the thought of a woman bursting, absolutely desperate to pee that never ceased to arouse him greatly. Sarah had seen his erection a few times already, even felt it rub her thighs on their very first kiss, and she could see and feel it again even through his work trousers.

Sarah found herself undoing Will’s fly and trouser button as he slowly and teasingly undid her blouse buttons one by one. He kissed her neck as he did so, followed by licking the length of her arm from her neck to her fingers, before gently easing her blouse off and throwing it on the floor. As Will raised slightly to toss her blouse Sarah pulled at his black suit trousers and slid them down Will’s legs to his knees. As he sat down Will undid and removed his shoes and socks and took his trousers completely off. Sarah undid his shirt and Will took it off too. He stood looking at Sarah in just his underwear his erection long and hard and obvious. Sarah’s white lace bra enticed him as he took both her hands and drew her up from the couch. He put his hands around her waist and undid the button on Sarah’s skirt, followed by the zip and tantalisingly let her skirt drop to the floor.

Standing in just her white frilly knickers and bra Sarah had never felt sexier, happier, more aroused, than she did now.

Will picked up the remote, turned the tv off and tossed the remote back down. He took Sarah by the hand and led her to the bedroom. Sarah was as eager, ready and hungry for Will as he was for her. She had seen his penis several times already but this was different. This was how she wanted Will. This was what she had fantasised about in her office after their very first meeting. She only had to think about his squirming and fidgeting in desperation at their first meeting and her whole body was alight with desire and passion.

*048*2020-06-14 13:26

Chapter 23:

Will had never felt so alive, so on fire, so sexually excited. Every ounce of his body and brain wanted this and though he had never been down this particular path before it seemed so natural and right. He allowed himself to be lead by his body which yearned with all it’s being for Sarah. He didn’t need instructions as Sarah guided and supported him as she always did.

Sarah sensed Will’s nervousness at seeing her naked, touching certain areas of her body and knowing what to do. Despite a lack of experience other than her own use of toys she let Will explore her in his time, in his way. They were both gaining so much delight from each other that nothing else mattered.

Will was bringing her so much pleasure with his tongue, his hands and his mouth, exploring every last part of her body in ways she had never even imagined before, as she lay on Will’s bed, her legs spread, feet on the bed and knees raised. Just Will’s touch sent waves of desire throughout her body as she shook and beamed with delight.

Will had never been so hard, ready and wanting. It was all he could do to prevent his penis exploding as he prolonged the enjoyment for them both.

Finally Will could not hold back any longer as his fingers and tongue had prepared the way ahead. He climbed on top of Sarah, kissing her passionately and lovingly, as he gently slid inside her. Her eyes shone with desire, her back arched to welcome him, her hips pushed to make way for him, her vagina so wet and open and screaming for him.

Sarah closed her eyes and allowed herself to give in entirely to the moment. Will was gentle, yet strong, as he took her to a place she never dreamed she could be.

Will climaxed quicker than he expected but unlike any other climax he had ever experienced in his life. He had been taken to a new realm, a place of ecstasy. He didn’t just want Sarah, he needed her and he wasn’t going to let her go.

As Sarah finally recovered and returned to reality she felt warm, thirsty and fulfilled. Will kissed her before heading out the room, returning quickly with two large glasses of iced water.

‘You look red and sweaty after that beautiful. I thought we could both do with a drink.’

Sarah was exhausted but dry and sticky so she drank half the glass quickly.

‘I should get home Will. It’s almost 2am!’

Will was gulping his water down quickly to recover from the recent activity. He put his glass down and reached for Sarah’s hand.

‘Would you like to stay here tonight Sarah?’

There was something about Will’s deep brown eyes, his sweaty blond hair and neat beard that turned Sarah to putty. She was so tired, even more so since climaxing so deeply, and so comfortable, naked in Will’s bed. The thought of getting dressed, going out in the cold and heading home alone didn’t appeal one bit. She drank some more water, as did Will, and she snuggled beside him falling asleep quicker than she expected.

Will held Sarah as her breathing slowed, her body rested and her eyes closed. He listen to her gentle noises in her sleep feeling the luckiest man ever to be born. He rested his arm across Sarah’s waist, his other hand caressing her hair as his body and mind rested into a deep and blissful sleep.

*049*2020-06-15 12:25

Chapter 24:

Sarah woke suddenly as her bladder sent messages asking for relief. Bleary eyed and half asleep it took her a while to recall where she was. She looked around to see Will’s illuminated clock on the wall as she realised it was twenty past 5. Will was snoring lightly beside her, his arm heavy over her waist and his other arm under her neck with his fingers caught in her hair. She was trapped but so happy to be where she was, naked in bed with a man she desired so much. She was still tired, it was still pitch dark and she was warm and comfortable. If only her bladder would stop sending signals! She snuggled back under the duvet deciding not to wake Will and to try and get some more sleep. Her bladder could wait a little longer.

The faint light of the clock reflected from the large glass Sarah had left on the bedside cabinet. Then she recalled the mug of tea she had had in the lounge too. No wonder she needed to pee so bad! Still the thought of getting out of the comfortable bed and waking Will put her right off going. She crossed her legs as much as she could and tried to sleep again.

Sarah must have dosed as she awake to a sharp reminder from her bladder that it wanted release. She rolled over as much as she could before her hair caught in Will’s fingers. Will’s entire right arm was pinning her down though feeling his body, his skin and his touch was so wonderful. Sarah’s bladder was full and uncomfortable though. She really did need a pee really badly.

Sarah glanced at the clock. It was now 5:45am Still early but she had now been needing the toilet for 25 minutes and the thumping of her urethra was constant. She moved her legs, fanning them in and out wishing she could reach over Will’s arm so she could hold herself. She tried to reason with her body that it only had one mug of tea and one glass of water inside it since she last peed, recalling how she had shared the toilet with Will since neither of them could wait. That thought plus recollections of her new friend desperate were creating stirs in her body all over again.

‘Think of something else’, Sarah whispered to herself as she squirmed as much as she could without twisting her hair any more around Will’s fingers. It wasn’t working though as her bladder pushed again to the forefront of her thoughts begging for release. Sarah could feel her every throb from her urethra, hear it’s rhythmic beating against her, feeling the urine preparing for launch. She was bursting.

‘Mmmmm’ Sarah moaned softly as she writhed around as much as she could pinned to the bed by Will.

A minute or so later, and another throb from her bladder, and Sarah was scared she would piss all over Will’s bed. She had no choice now but to try and wake him, or at least attempt to release herself from him and run quick.

She tried lifting his arm that was resting over her. Will snorted from the disturbance but returned his hand and arm immediately to where they had been.

‘Mmmmm’ Sarah moaned now unable to lie still or hide the fact she so needed to wee. She’d only been awake a little over half an hour but she was so desperate now as her bladder had filled steadily for the last six hours since she had her mug of tea. She tried again to move Will’s arm but this time he moved closer and snuggled her tighter! Acutely aware she didn’t even have any knickers on to absorb any leaks Sarah was sweating and beginning to panic. She really had to pee so soon or she feared she would soak right where she was!

‘Will, Will’ she whispered. He stirred slightly but not enough. She could feel her hair tight against his fingers behind her but her bladder was even more painful and sending wave after wave of need throughout her whole body. Sarah could not stop squirming.

‘Will, Will’ Sarah called a little louder. She didn’t want to upset him or startle him but she didn’t want to piss all over him either. His snoring was easing and his eyes, though still closed, were no longer rapidly blinking as they were when he was in a deep sleep. He moved towards her voice.

‘Will, it’s Sarah. I’m bursting for the loo. Can you move to let me out please?’

Will sleepily opened his eyes at the mesmerising sound of Sarah’s voice. He recalled the first time he had heard it when she called his name in the waiting room and how sexy it was then, and still was. Had he heard that right? Did she say she was bursting for the loo? His dick had heard it all right as he instantly went rock hard. He used the hand behind Sarah’s head to edge her face closer as he kissed her, first a little peck on the lip, followed quickly by an all out deep embracing kiss.

Will’s lips, his tongue, his erect penis and his arousing aroma sucked Sarah in as she could not help but respond to his kiss. As Will finally lifted his arm away from around her hips Sarah squirmed and shot one hand down to her throbbing urethra as she knelt on the bed learning over Will kissing him as she bounced and squirmed with her hand wedged between her legs. Yes she was turned on, how could she not be at the sight of Will’s large and stunning penis and the allurement from his kiss? But she was so desperate to pee and longing to get to the bathroom.

Will stopped for a breath and looked over at the naked beauty beside him bouncing and fidgeting on her knees with a hand wedged tightly between her legs. He was entranced, so hard and dying to fuck the naked bursting beauty. Sarah’s every squirm, every fidget, every fight against her bladder made him hornier than he thought possible! He almost shot his load just watching her. Precum edged to the top of his hard on as Sarah attempted to climb from the bed. He didn’t want her to embarrass herself but he really didn’t want her to go. Not now.

Right now Will was in heaven.

‘Oh Will. Oh Will. Can I use your bathroom please? Oh God I’m so desperate to pee’

Will could not help himself. He moaned and stroked his dick in one hard while reaching out and grabbing Sarah’s hand with the other.

$$

$$

$$

