She wouldn’t let him go: the agent (part 1)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-02-18 00:31

She wouldn’t let him go: the agent (part 1)

Tyler hadn’t meant to become the ‘man of the moment’ and find himself in a media brawl. It had been entirely accidental, perhaps somewhat foolish, yet without malice or political agenda. Still he had been so relieved when his viral tweet had been picked up by Ashley Littlejohn from the U.K. press agency. As his social media exploded with messages from reporters, his phone rang off the hook, and his email inbox went frantic, Ashley’s promise that ‘For a small fee I will handle it all and schedule everything and represent your interests fully’ seems like a dream come true.

Ashleigh arrived at Tyler’s house early, much younger and smaller than he imagined she would be, her bright red hair and larger breasts immediately making her someone he knew he wouldn’t forget.

‘So have you responded to anyone yet?’

Tyler couldn’t believe how intimidated he felt in his own home by someone he’d only just met, someone who was less than two thirds of his height but whose demeanour, sharp tongue and demanding mannerisms meant he felt he should be saluting her and apologising for the fact his hair hadn’t been brushed yet even while she stood on his doorstep! She reminded him of an intimidating headmistress who would think nothing of belting children even though it was against the law.

‘Em....no. It was really late and I just went to bed after your message.’

‘Who is that calling your mobile?’

Tyler tentatively picked up his mobile from its charger as it rang again, but he didn’t recognise the number. Before he had time to even realise what was happening Ashleigh grabbed the phone from his hand and answered it.

‘You have reached the phone of Tyler Trembley. How may I help you?’

Tyler closed the door as another camera flashed. He didn’t know who was taking photographs but he didn’t like it. He stepped into his home office and closed the curtains. The invasion of privacy wasn’t something he liked and he hoped this Ashleigh agent would sort that out quickly.

‘Right. That’s the BBC lined up. You have a radio interview in half an hour, then you are live on Good morning Britain via zoom at 8:40 and another researcher will call back as I think they want you on the lunchtime news too. Listen the more you allow these people to get what they want the quicker you will be over with this. Oh by the way I’m Ashleigh. Pleased to meet you Tyler. Could you possibly sort your hair out? Then we’ll work on what you are wearing! Oh and while you tidy yourself up what’s your Twitter log in details and your email and I will get everyone else lined up and get this over with for you. There’s a crowd of them gathering outside even now. Come on...no time to waste Tyler!’

Tyler dutifully turned his laptop on and signed into Twitter and his emails then looked around the room for a comb. He couldn’t find one so he went looking as Ashleigh called back after him...

‘God you haven’t half ruffled some feathers! You’ve got more press wanting you than I’ve seen in years! I’ll just reply to these for you...any chance of a cuppa by the way...coffee with two sugars and a dash of milk.’

Tyler found himself making two coffees in his own kitchen like some sort of robot, another flash of a camera outside forcing him to close even his kitchen blinds. If this experience didn’t put him off social media nothing would! Hopefully Ashleigh would do her stuff...

Twenty minutes later, and his coffee finished, Tyler was on speakerphone on live radio, with Ashleigh scribbling what he had to say on a pad as the intense questioning began. Tyler breathed a sigh of relief when it ended but right away Ashleigh’s phone rang and she signalled to him that it was another TV station.

The entire morning was a whirlwind of live radio, prerecorded statements released to the press, zoom live TV appearances for various channels and quick clothing changes to make it appear as if each station had an exclusive. By 11am Tyler’s voice was dry and he was grateful for the bottle of water Ashleigh handed him during yet another interview. By now Ashleigh had written phrases that he found himself repeating over and over which were taking some of the heat off of the situation. Still Tyler sweated with nerves and adrenaline and by midday his water was finished.

‘Right. We can have a break now. I’ve ordered some pizza delivery so we can get organised for round 2. We have the news at 1 first so they will be wanting a sound check by 12:40 latest.

At that the door went and Ashleigh answered, taking in the pizzas to another flash of cameras. Tyler sighed. He was hungry and the pizza smelt delicious but he also needed a break from the atmosphere and the tension and besides he also needed the bathroom too.

‘I’ll be right back Ashleigh...’

‘No! I need to change your tie and jacket. We don’t have time! And I need to brief you...the news have sent me the questions in advance so you don’t mess up...come here!’

Tyler sighed but did as he was told. Ashleigh wasn’t one to be disobeyed!

Eating pizza and listening to Ashleigh as she briefed him Tyler could feel his mind wandering. The bathroom was just a few doors away and now drinking cola with his pizza he really did want a quick visit. He was uncomfortable and grumpy and finding it hard to concentrate. But after his stupid tweet and all that had happened since he was caught up in a frenzy that showed no sign of letting up. Ashleigh’s phone beeped continuously, as did his own, and he didn’t want to imagine how many emails were circulating about him. He needed this nightmare to end!

The live news was stressful and humiliating. Whilst Ashleigh helped all she could the questioning was relentless and oppressive and very one sided. By the time it was over Tyler was washed out and tired and he could feel his bladder full.

‘Ashleigh can’t I just have a break for ten minutes? Get a coffee, walk about...go to the toilet? Please!’

‘Awww well if someone hadn’t written a certain tweet then maybe you could but since you did and you let the cat out the bag and you’ve got yourself in a right mess then until you satisfy all this media lot you really need to stay right here and sort this out don’t you now? So far you are just digging a bigger hole for yourself. It’s time we got your answers straighter. That interview was awful!’

‘But...but I need a piss!’

‘You should have thought about that before publishing that tweet then shouldn’t you!’

Tyler hung his head. Never again would he drink alcohol while on social media. This was a living nightmare! Feeling like a little boy caught helping himself to biscuits he hung his head in shame and sat back down in his own office as Ashleigh stood over him, her breasts almost touching his face as they pushed out of her white silk blouse. She ran her fingers through his soft brown hair and placed a firm hand on his shoulder.

‘7:30pm tonight. That’s your final interview today. Those photographers out there? By the time the day is over they will have had their time. I’ll get you over to the window or door for them to have pics shortly then you’ll see them leave happy. They know me. They know how I work. I know what they want and they know what I do and they know they will get what they came for. You’ll be front page tomorrow, further in by the next day and by Wednesday...it’ll be who was he again? But...but until then...well you have a long day ahead yet my friend! You can forget that walk around or coffee or toilet trips! Well until after that last interview at least!’

Tyler squirmed. He doubted he could last an hour let alone another six. There was no way he could do more live interviews needing to piss this much. He’d have to go very soon...

