The conference (part 1)

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2021-06-05 13:22

James and June sat close by each other in the first post-Covid conference of a well known U.K. company. Everyone in attendance was in formal smart clothing; James wore his suit and tie and June a skirt suit with a cream blouse. They vaguely recognised each other from past such conferences but working at different offices they were still relative strangers.

They sat in a large conference room at tables listening to the CEO and company reps talking as they both drank endless amounts of tea, coffee and water to keep themselves alert. By mid morning both felt uncomfortable but as lunch break seemed imminent the6 decided to wait and find the toilets during the break.

Annoyingly the speakers continued to drone on as their bladders continued to fill, the speaker going on about various projects that the company have in mind and how these are time precious due to Covid delays. It becomes quite obvious to them both that the company plan on getting work started on these projects before the end of the conference and James and June’s suspicions are confirmed when lists of small groups are announced with rooms they have to go to.

Both of them, unbeknown to the other, think this will be after lunch and they start restlessly looking forward to being dismissed so they can find the loos. However, the company have other plans!

A senior member of staff then takes the microphone and starts announcing names, some larger groups, some smaller, and some just pairs of people. June uncrosses and recrosses her legs the other way wondering when her name will be called and hoping the long list of names will end soon so she can finally visit the ladies. She notices James is swinging and bouncing his knee continually but she thinks nothing of it. As people start gathering their bags and coats as their names are called, they are lead group by group out the main hall and into various rooms. June now realises that a buffet lunch has been set up in all the various locations for each group and that each group has a project to complete during the afternoon.

Time ticks on as neither of their names seem to be being called as everyone around them leaves and heads in different directions. Finally June hears her name followed by James something or other, but she struggles standing up, gathering her things anxiously, planning to find where she has to be before finding the toilets as a matter of urgency. She glances behind and sees James standing too as he follows behind her.

They are lead to a smallish meeting room and the company rep unlocks the door using a keypad and ushers them in. He points out that tea, coffee, water and juice are on one table and plates of food on another with two iPads, whiteboard pens and whiteboards and a large flip chart standing in the corner.. There is a table with four chairs in the middle and June puts her coat over one and place her handbag on the table about to ask if she could just pop to the loo....

June notices James putting his suit jacket over another chair as he remains standing too but the door closes and the rep leaves.

It’s just the two of them in the room alone.

They shake hands and introduce themselves to each other with both of them standing and moving from foot to foot.

“Sorry” June says, “The morning dragged in and I could do with a quick break before we stands if that’s ok?”

James smiles down at her (he’s much taller than she is) and moves from foot to foot.

”So glad you said that actually! I could really go a break too. I’ll get you back here in a few minutes?”

June agrees and James goes to open the door.

It won’t open. They are locked in....

*003*2021-06-05 16:12

{{19 minutes ago, knarf11 said:

Please continue,it is a tantalising start!

}}

Just posted part 2 in another thread.

