Uh-oh Sherry

Author: MOV

*000*2016-05-18 01:29

Sherry took a long sip of her ice cold coca-cola. She felt the condensation in her right hand that was grasping the chilled glass. In her left hand held her phone. She was mindlessly shifting through all of her social media sites to catch up on all the gossip and make sure all of her selfies didn't make her look bad. Sherry was a 16 year old blond year old girl who was slightly smaller than her peers, however he had a wonderfully proportioned waist and large bottom to make up for it, along with average breast. She had beautiful crystal blue eyes. She was considered to be very popular at her school, but she was by no means a bully, she was happy to hang out with any one from any social group if they were nice. She finished up her browsing, and stood up from her lawn chair and enjoyed the sunset summer breeze.

After un-tucking her striped pink shirt from her black yoga pants, she walked back to her house and entered through the backdoor into her kitchen. Her mother, Mary, looked like a 45-year old version of Sherry. Mary was busy cleaning dishes as Sherry said hello and contributed her now empty soda glass to her mothers work. "Thanks" Mary sarcastically accepted. "Absolutely" Sherry chimed back with a joking smile. Sherry then went through her own mental to-do list. Taking care of her teeth was the top priority, as she had to keep them nice and white for the boys, not that she had ever had a boyfriend. Shyness can be cruel sometimes.

She went upstairs, and passed through her room into her private bathroom. She noticed her soda from earlier had actually made her more thirsty, so she decided to drink some water from her bathroom sink before she started the careful procedure that was brushing her teeth. She hated eating or drinking after brushing her teeth because the mint always screwed up the flavors. Her bathroom cup was pretty small, so she had two cup fulls of water. With her thirst quenched, she brushed, rinsed, and flossed her teeth. By the time Sherry had finished, the sun had gone down in favor of the full moon. She decided since she had a few hours left she would play some NES Castlevania. Yeah she was a bit of a nerd. But first she changed into her flannel pajama pants and long, black, soft pajama shirt. She set up her game and set off.

Halfway through her play through she heard her sister use a bathroom down the hall. Her name was Kayla and was three years younger than Sherry. The bathroom visit reminded Sherry that Kayla was getting a lot better at not wetting the bed which she had never truly outgrew, as she had not had an accident in a month. Meanwhile Sherry had not wet her bed since she was ten years old. Kayla looked very similar to Sherry, except she had brunette hair inherited from her father and green eyes, and she was a little smaller of course.

Another hour and a half later, Sherry became too tired to finish the game and decided to call it a night. She strutted to her bed and brought the covers over her. She had pink sheets with white blankets and a blue pillow. She went through another to-do list to make sure she didn't forget anything. She didn't know why, that's a habit she had for school not for summer. Eh, so that must mean there is nothing for her to do. With that comforting thought, she drifted into sleep.

Se stirred and fidgeted throughout the night. Eventually she drifted into a dream. In her dream, she was standing in her room, talking to her mom. More like her mom was talking to her. She apparently had some chores she wanted Sherry to do while she went to work. Sherry nodded to the instructions, but she wasn't really paying attention, she was just absorbing the information. She sensed something would happen. She was right on the money, a moment later the fire alarm went off, and the ceiling sprinkler ( which she didn't really have in real life ) released their contents.

But something was unusual about their pattern. The water all seemed focused on her legs. During the whole situation her mom kept talking louder. Not only that, her voice became more clear,... and ... more real..."Hm?" Sherry woke and sat straight up. She heard her mother walking towards her door asking her god knows what. OH. MY. GOD. Sherry felt her panties, pajama pants, sheets, and blankets were warm and wet. She lowered herself to get a smell. Yep. Urine alright.

She had peed her bed. She just...froze. Her face got all red with embarrassment and she could just not move. Her mom barged in asking what she wanted for breakfast. But Mary stopped mid sentence when she saw the look on Sherry's face. What was wrong? Was she bullied? Mary went to go ask what was wrong, and as she approached Sherry's bed her face got filled with more red embarrassment. As Mary began to investigate, she put her right hand on Shelly's shoulder and her left hand on the bed. It took her a second, but she recognized the unmistakable feel of a peed on bed. She just wasn't used to feeling it in Sherry's mattress.

"It's fine Sherry, it was just an accident, it doesn't mean your a bad person" Mary told Sherry with a sympathetic face. " Here, get out of bed and get out of your clothes. We'll put all of them in the wash. It's fine, Kayla had an accident too so its not to much extra work to do". Sherry didn't respond, she just complied and got out of bed. As Mary took off the sheets, Sherry pondered what had just happened. She was absolutely mortified.

*Fun fact, this was my very first story! As such, any and all feedback as well as suggestions or request are welcome. Being a lurker for as long as i have, i could have never guessed how hard writing these could be!

