The long trip to the wedding!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-03-14 23:56

Three friends - one girl and two boys - were invited to the wedding of a mutual few years older friend.

The celebration was on Saturday but they went already on Friday because they had to go more than 2 hours by car to get to the location and they wanted to be fit for the next day.

All three were just a little bit over 18 years. The girl went to a college where the boys picked her up at 1 pm.

She was a little bit late and the boys were already waiting for her in the car for over 10 minutes.

They had a large bottle coke for each of them, for the journey.

The girl was still dressed from the college, white blouse, short skirt which ended over her knees and knee socks.

Her knees and her thighs were bare.

The girl excused her for being late and told them that she had much stress and troubles all over the day.

The boys calmed her down and said that they will therefore have a good weekend.

It was a lot of traffic on the way to the motorway and it took a long time to get there.

Not even one hour on the motorway, they had to stop because of a accident.

Their bottles were empty but their bladder were full, but no one of them said something about it.

After they were standing still for nearly one hour said one of the boys, it was the driver, “ I shouldn’t have drunk so much, i need to piss like crazy. I hope we will move very soon, before I wet my shorts.”

The girls bladder was full to burst, but she didn’t say not even one word about her need. She had her knees pressed hard together and was suffering in silence.

15 minutes later they still didn’t move.

The “driver boy” squeezed his dick and moaned loud. “I am sorry , but i can’t stand it any longer.” he said, took his dick out of the pant legs of his shorts and pissed loud and full force in the empty coke bottle.

”I would need to do that too very badly.” said the girl grudged.

”You are a girl, you can hold it. You girls are born to hold it.” answered the boy.

”Why do you talk such stupid things! Do you think that we girls don’t need to piss?”

”Maybe that you are needing to pee as well, but you have no penis, you can’t either piss in a bottle, nor you can squat somewhere and therefore you have to hold it.

I think there are many situations where boys can go, but girls have to hold it and so i mean your girls are trained to hold it.” said the boy.

”I would need to piss as well pretty bad, but i think i will be able to hold it, if it doesn’t last too long.” said the second boy.

”I have not piss even once since my morning pee early in the morning and then the large coke in the car that made me to go really very bad.” said the driver in a way like he wanted to excuse his weakness.

”How long are you holding it?” he asked the girl.

”Since yesterday evening.” answered the girl and told them the reason why that happened.

Like so many boys who loves girls desperate to pee, were the two boys horny and turned on at the moment as they heard that.

”Oh my gosh, you must be full to burst! How can you endure that for so long?” asked the boy, with his own bladder very full.

”Yes, i am full to burst, my bladder hurts like it will explode in a few minutes. I can’t stand that much longer.” said the girl and pressed her skirt between her thighs and made them naked nearly up to her panties.

The boys were turned on very much about this view and about to see her fight against her painful urge to piss.

Some minutes later they said at the radio, that there is a heavy accident with two trucks and some cars and that it will last minimum one more hour until it will gone.

”I absolutely can’t stand it for so long!” said the girl, pressed one hand against her panties and was bending over.

”You will have to hold it, you have no other way!” said the driver full of horniness and full of lust with a visible boner in his shorts.

*001*2025-03-16 10:57

“ I can’t bear this any longer! I have not peed since 17 hours, my bladder will rip if i can’t go very soon.”said the girl and squeezed her naked thighs with both hands.

The boys were turned on very much about the girls “ pee holding show” and about the imagination that she didn’t wee since yesterday evening.

They never were so near to a girl who was needing to pee so urgently.

They could feel vibrations when the girl used all her power to tense her muscles to keep her panties dry.

They could see how her bare upper thighs got visibly tensed and they could feel how her body vibrated.

Both of the boys were very horny about that situation and wanted increase their horniness, they wanted to tease her.

”I had to wee already very bad as i did get in your car, but i was late and i didn’t want to make you wait and therefore i thought that i would be able to hold it back for two hours longer.

I have a strong bladder and i usually don’t go in the school, but i never went to school without a pee before and then the large bottle coke, that was to much for me.

I don’t know what to do, i can’t endure it much longer.” said the girl.

“But you have to endure it! You have no other opportunity.

You can neither piss in a bottle, nor you can squat outside and i hope you’ll not wet my car seat.” said the driver lust full.

”That is so easy to say “you have to hold it, but it is so hard to do it, when the bladder is about to burst.

Why did you say one hour before that you couldn’t stand it anymore and pissed in a bottle, in front of us. It that not a shame for a strong boy? Are boys not stronger than girls?” she asked.

”Of course are boys stronger than girls, but not at pee holding.

Girls are trained to hold it, now you have your own example, you need to piss like crazy, your bladder is full to explode, but you simply can’t go, because you are a girl, you have to hold it no matter how much worse it will get.” answered the driver.

”That is not fair!” said the girl.

” But it is true and reality. I read in some special books, that some girls are able to endure two entire days without a single pee and i read that there are some cultures where the bride is not allowed to go the toilet during the wedding ceremony.

She is not allowed to pee from early morning, when she gets dressed, until the morning after the celebration when her husband undress her.

She has to drink all day long, but is not allowed to piss!! What do you think how full her bladder will be.

I asked me, how can she survive her wedding night.” said the boy.

”Stop to talk about pee and pee holding, i nearly doing it in my panties.” said the girl and pressed her hands hard between her thighs.

”I just want to tell you that girls are borne to hold it and that they have to be able to hold it, no matter what!” answered the boy.

*002*2025-03-22 10:23

“Oh my god, i need to pee so very, very bad, i don’t know what to do, i can’t stand it longer!

I have to get out to squat beside the car?” said the girl.

”You can’t squat like a little schoolgirl in front of all that cars with so many people. You have to hold it back, it can’t last very long until you can go.”said the driver.

”I can’t endure it no more.” whined the girl and pressed both hands between her naked thighs. Exactly on her panty above her slit, where her wee was waiting to come out so badly and urgently.

”What does it mean “ i can’t endure it no more?” Will you wet your panties, or is it hurting to much?” asked the other boy.

”Both! I am afraid that I’ll wet the seat and it is getting unbearable as well.”answered the girl suffering.

”You are so brave and so strong, you have been holding it for so long, you will be able to wait just a little longer, it can’t last much longer.” said the boy.

”I really admire you for your holding performance and for your bladder control.

I am needing to piss very bad as well, but i have been at the toilet in the morning and you have not weed since yesterday, not since more than 18 hours.

How strong must your urge be!? How big and how overstretched must your bladder be to be able to hold so much wee inside for such a long time?”continued the guy.

The girl calmed down a little bit and felt flattered about so much praise. It was helping her to mobilize all the power to wait and to stay in the car.

” What kind of books are you reading, where girls have to hold their wee for so unbelievably long periods of time?” asked the girl.

”That are books partially about sadomasochistic where girls gets banned to urinate, where they gets their full bladder tortured just for lust and pleasure and partially books about foreign cultures where girls and women are made to hold because of rules and traditions.” answered the guy.

”And why are you reading that?” wanted the girl know.

”I am honestly, i read the books because it turns me on to read about girls who are desperate to pee, about girls who are holding a bursting full bladder, but are denied to go for some reason.”said the boy and smiled.

”You mean it turns you on to know that i am needing to wee so bad, it turns you on to see me suffer?” asked the girl.

”Sorry, but yes it turns me on very much and it makes me very horny.

Just to imagine that you have not pissed since yesterday and to know that your bladder is full to explode is absolutely hot and arousing for me. A girl can never need to pee urgently enough for me.” answered the young guy.

”And what about you, do you like that too, are you a sadist as well?” asked the girl.

” Yes, for sure, i love it too, nearly all boys get turned on about girls who are needing to wee very badly.

You can’t imagine how sexy you girls get for us boys when you are desperate to pee.” answered the boy.

”Now we have been absolutely honest to you, you know now that your full bladder makes us horny, can you do a favor for us, can you show us your bladder.” asked the driver.

”You want that i show you my belly?” asked the girl amazed.

”Yes we would love it very, very much to see it.”answered the two boys at the same moment.

”That is so strange, i know that you guys always wants to see what we girls have between our thighs, but i never heard that boys want to see our bladder, but okay, i show you my belly, but you have promise to me when we go on that you will stop at the first opportunity to let me pee.”said the girl.

”Unbelievable, i suffer the worst and most painful urge to pee of my entire life and you guys like that and gets aroused about it.”she continued.

The poor girl was ready to do nearly all for being able to do finally a much needed pee.

She could have simply lifted her skirt to show them her belly, but she was so mindless because of her frantic need to piss that she couldn’t even think normally.

She opened her skirt and pulled it down on her legs.

She was sitting now just in her white blouse, her white panties and her white knee socks in the car.

She showed the boys a lot of her smooth, bare skin.

She was looking so extreme sexy in that outfit, that it was torture for the boys not being able to have sex with her.

Her panties were still dry, but the fabric between her thighs was pushed in her slit.

The boys could exactly see the contours of the girls pussy and they could see the contours of her big overfilled bladder in her already swollen abdomen.

”Girl you are great, i have never been so excited and aroused than now, can you please push your panties more down that we can see more of your sexy bladder.” said the driver.

“You two are really crazy, i never heard about that a bladder can be sexy.” said the girl and pushed her waistband of her panties down where usually her pubic hair would be, but she was shaved, there were no hair.

Her waistband was down to where her slit began . Her bladder was bulging from her pubic bone up near to her navel.

”Your bladder is amazing, it looks like you have a big ball in your belly. Your bladder is so big and so swollen, you must hold much more than one liter wee inside your piss balloon!!!??

Can i feel the firmness, can i feel how hard it is?” asked the other boy.

”I don’t care about nothing , i can’t think anything else than about to pee. Do what you like to do, but don’t press and push on it, it is already painful enough.”said the girl.

Both boys caressed the girls belly and her bladder, which was visible bulging out.

They couldn’t resist to press soft on it. The poor girl whined and moaned about that extra torture, she crossed her legs and was bending forward. She pushed the boys hands away from her abdomen to prevent to piss herself.

At the same moment they heard that the cars around started their engines.

The girl pulled her skirt up and said “oh my god, you can’t imagine how much i love this sound of the running engines.”

But just a few minutes later they stopped again.

A man in the radio apologized for the situation and said that there is a big problem with the crane truck and that it will last another half an hour until they can finally go.

”Oh no, that is absolutely impossible, i can’t wait that long, i have to get out, i can’t care anymore about others, i HAVE to pee now, no matter what.” said the girl.

”And I’ll piss in a bottle.” said the boy.

”You both will not piss anywhere, you are old enough to wait and to hold it.” said the boy who said that he couldn’t endure it and pissed in the bottle two hours ago.

*003*2025-03-25 07:19

„You are the weakest of us three, you should be very quiet.“ said the girl, which was getting more and more desperate.

She squeezed her naked thighs with both of her hands so hard that the skin around her thumbs was getting white.

She whined, moaned and was shaking with all her body from needing to wee so bad and from tensing her muscles with all her power.

“That is not to bear, i need to wee sooooo bad, i can’t wait any longer.“ said the girl.

“Sure you can, you have not weed since 18 hours, you will be able to wait for a half an hour longer, or better, you have to be able, you have no other opportunity.“ said the driver full of lust and horniness.

“ Shut up!“ said the girl and pushed one hand in in her panty. Sure that she pressed one finger against her peehole to support her diet sphincter.

The two boys watched what she was doing. To see the girls bare thighs, her panties and her hand on and in her slit, made them horny as hell.

Not even 10 minutes later she opened the door and said „ i have to piss!!! I already doing it.“

She was standing outside with bended knees and the wee was running down on the smooth skin of her bare thighs and her white knee socks turned dark yellow from the urine which she was holding since the day before.

She pulled her already wet panties down under here knees and squatted down during she was peeing full force.

She used the open door for cover, but the two boys could watch her from inside and there were some boys from cars behind, who were standing outside for smoking, who watched her as well.

It was splashing out of her down to the ground extreme powerful and for extreme long.

She was still squatting with both feet in a large lake of urine, with her panties still down under her knees as the boys started to clap enthusiastically.

One of them said „That must have been really very urgently!“

The girl didn’t care about it, but she had a little problem with her wet panty. The wet panty would make her skit wet if she would sit down on it and on the other hand if she would lift her skirt up would get the seat wet.

The only opportunity was to strip the panties and that was it what she did.

She stripped it, did take it in her hand and putted it on the floor of the car. Then she rolled her white and yellow knee socks down on her calves.

She was sitting with her bare, wet thighs and with her still peewet slit on the leather of the car seat.

They were quite for a few minutes and didn’t talk. It didn’t last very long until they moved.

The boy said to the driver that he should stop at the first resting place for him before it would happen him the same, but the driver said that he will not stop and that he should hold it because it wouldn’t last no more very long until they would be there.

In reality he did love to see his friend suffer need to piss so urgently and he did suffer already very bad.

He squeezed his dick and crossed his thighs over his hand, which was still between his crotch.

He moaned and acted like the girl did it a half an hour before, but the driver didn’t stop for him, he didn’t let him piss.

He lifted his shirt and showed his friend his swollen, bulging bladder, but he had no mercy, it was just turning him on.

The girls legs were already dry, but they were smelling from her wee.

The boys could smell this as well and the driver wanted to tease the girl about it and said „you are such a naughty, dirty girl, all my car smells from your wee, just because you weed yourself like a little schoolgirl.“

“That is not fair what you said, but you know that for yourself as well.“ said the girl and said further that her panty is still wet and smelling and asked if she should yank it out of the window.

“No, no leave it in, your girl wee is like perfume for us boys, but we would like it much more when it would be still in your bladder.“ said the driver.

