The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 13

Author: Mbgpeelover

*300*2023-12-21 00:24

Daniel gets an unexpected call

Walking alone down the hazardous stairs with the blinking light and the strong smell of stale urine and rubbish Daniel felt such a weight of guilt at leaving Ellen. Holding the bin bag over the rubbish on the steps he pushed open the broken front door breathing in the cold damp evening air. Walking briskly to his car he placed the bin bag in the boot and drove quickly home relieved to no longer have the constant shouting in the background. Sorting Ellen’s clothing out he couldn’t help but hold and sniff her pants before putting them in the washer dryer. Just imagining his desperate girlfriend leaking into the pants he’d just held was so hot but he was tired and he still had a promise to keep.

Switching the machine on he pulled out his phone and sent an email to Ellen attaching the video that she’d enjoyed so much. Making himself a hot chocolate he watched the evening news while drinking it before having a wash and heading to bed. Waking to the sound of Alexa Daniel sat up immediately thinking of Ellen. Hoping she’d managed to sleep despite the noise from next door he closed his eyes for a moment remembering Ellen’s flat and the way she’d been bursting to pee the night before. Stroking his already hard penis he was tempted to take things much further when he noticed the time. Showering and looking out clean clothes he remembered that both his suits were still at the cleaners as he dug around looking for something smart to wear to work. Settling on some black chinos and a smart grey v neck jumper with a shirt underneath he headed downstairs where he had breakfast and sorted and folded Ellen’s clean dry clothing.

He was just about to leave for the ship when his phone buzzed with a call. Seeing the number Daniel answered immediately hoping his boss wouldn’t be long. As per normal Archie Waters wasn’t happy about something, this time having had a call from Keith Bryan complaining about Daniel. Sighing to himself, and shaking his head at the audacity of the man who was causing him so much stress daring to complain about him, Daniel listened to Archie desperately wanting to correct him. Getting more and more frustrated Daniel continued folding Ellen’s clothing as Archie went on and on and on about all that Keith had grievance with, even listing things that weren’t even in Daniel’s remit. Hoping the call would be over with imminently Daniel was even more stressed when his seething boss ended the call by demanding he attend a meeting with him in the next half hour!

Placing Ellen’s clothes neatly into a fresh bag Daniel finished his coffee and grabbed his jacket and laptop before texting Ellen saying he’d be late in and heading to the council headquarters in the city centre. Parking in the multi-storey car park nearby Daniel was thinking about all the proof he had on his spreadsheets to show his superior as he walked the short distance to the large council building. Taking the stairs rather than the lift he reached the floor of his previous office and knocked confidently on his boss’s door. 

In person Archie was just as intimidating, angry and forthright as he had been on the phone earlier as Daniel braced himself for a torrent of accusations, questions and pressure as he stood there quietly taking it all in. Longing to defend himself against the lies being thrown at him Daniel instead just bowed his head like a guilty child unable to speak up over the older arrogant white man. It wasn’t until suddenly Archie mentioned Ellen’s name, angrily spewing out nonsense that he knew working with her would turn him into the same incompetent, unprofessional, useless unhinged imbecile that she was, that Daniel’s anger finally rose to the surface in defence of the wonderful woman he loved dearly.

Standing tall with his head raised and his eyes fixed on Mr Waters Daniel imagined what Ellen might say as he smiled inwardly picturing her fiery impassioned retort. Remaining composed and professional, and without even raising his voice once, Daniel sat his laptop on his bosses desk as he signed in and opened up the numerous spreadsheets he’d been updating daily. Taking the first one and running through the list of organisations in Dundee that Keith Bryan had promised to contact, referring back to minutes of a recent meeting to prove this was agreed, Daniel outlined one by one who he had contacted in each organisation and what they knew about the arrival of the refugees. Stressing how not one single group had had any contact from Keith or his department Daniel quietly but efficiently showed his boss a text message from Celine from two days ago stating that neither the food bank nor the starter kits charities had delivered to Tulloch Court where she was at that time.

Pausing for Archie’s response he appeared taken back by all this as he immediately pointed out all Keith had done with the contractors on site and organising everything for the arrival of the first group. Shaking his head Daniel recalled his conversations with Ellen the night before as he deliberately omitted sharing Keith’s antics on the day regarding filming and instead shared how local churches had organised the buffet, the contractors hadn’t even seen Keith onsite for days prior to the day before the first group were due to arrive, and that other than contacting media groups he wasn’t aware what else Keith Bryan had actually done. 

Seeing Archie nodding thoughtfully Daniel already knew there was no way he was ever going to get an apology off the man, though he did send Daniel away sharply telling him to keep Keith happy and trust him. Shaking his head as soon as he was out of sight of his boss Daniel walked down the stairs and out into the busy Glasgow city centre street as he processed what had just happened.

Needing a few minutes to calm down Daniel walked the short distance to the dry cleaners as he dug in his wallet for the ticket for his two suits then collected them both and returned to his car. Finally heading to the cruise ship he checked his watch surprised that Ellen hadn’t replied to him but not wanting to interrupt her if she was busy. Navigating through the busy city centre traffic with its copious traffic lights and one way streets Daniel finally pulled into King George V port, smiling as he noticed Ellen’s car. Looking forward to seeing Ellen again and getting a coffee to calm down he opted to leave her clothing in the car until later as he picked up his laptop and headed up the gangway for another day working on Project New Adventure.

&&

*304*2023-12-22 00:48

Celine finds out about Ellen and Daniel

Walking towards an empty table Ellen sat down knowing Celine was right behind her as she carried on talking away. Listening eagerly as her friend enthusiastically updated her on everything from furniture to her day in Dundee to then veering off slightly to talk about someone called Ellis who, from what Ellen could gather, had volunteered to drive all the goods she was collecting to Dundee. Sipping at her tea whilst processing everything being said Ellen nodded and smiled as Celine pulled out her phone to show her more photos of everything in her garage including one with a cute man in that she pointed out was Ellis.

“I posted on a local facebook page and he commented saying he had some things. He turned up at mine yesterday when I had just got home with boxes of stuff. We got talking out in my garage and he was telling me all about the fact his wife passed away late last year from cancer and he’d finally sold the house they shared as he just wanted something smaller. He was trying to organise a house clearance when he saw my post and he knew immediately that he should donate the stuff to the refugees. Turns out his wife was from Syria and she’d come over as a refugee too. He was asking how I was getting all the stuff to Dundee and I was telling him about hiring a van. That’s when he said he was a self employed delivery driver and he volunteered to drive the stuff over as long as I go with him to show him where to go.”

“That’s lovely of him but just be careful Celine. You don’t know him from Adam really. Maybe you should take someone else too…just for safety.”

“Actually Ellen I was thinking that too. You don’t fancy coming with me do you? I was thinking either the day of the big move or even the day after? Let everyone settle in then deliver the extra things to them? What do you think?”

“That sounds perfect. I really want to go with them all on the 10th to be honest with you too. I haven’t mentioned that to Daniel yet though. Just with going yesterday with the first lot I just felt so much better making sure they knew their flat numbers and had everything they needed. I can’t just wave them goodbye then forget about them. It doesn’t sit right with me.”

“I feel the same. Actually talking about Daniel; you two seem pretty close these days. I’ve seen how he looks at you too. He’s crazy about you Ellen. I reckon you like him like that too don’t you? Come on, you can’t hide it from me. You’re blushing already!”

Looking down at her mug and taking another sip Ellen felt her hands sweating and her face warming as she took a moment to think what to say. They hadn’t discussed going public about their relationship just yet, but then again Daniel wasn’t exactly keeping things a secret with pulling her into cabins, disappearing into meeting rooms and bathrooms with her, and even kissing her and saying he loved her in front of everyone just as she was leaving for Dundee the day before. Quietly, shyly, Ellen lifted her head to look at her friend. Catching Celine’s eye she saw a sparkly there as her friend pulled her head closer to hers and spoke as privately as she could in a busy canteen on a cruise ship full of people.

“Oh. My. God. You haven’t have you? Ellen Hemmingdale I can’t believe you haven’t told me this! When? How? Was he any good? Tell me! Oh Ellen this is so lovely. He’s a decent man is our Daniel. I mean he’s not my type or anything and he seriously needs to get a change of wardrobe. That grey suit is so last year! But oh my word, have you kissed?”

Ellen nodded, glad that her friend had worked things out without her actually having to tell her. It felt so wonderful being able to talk about her new relationship at last, especially to Celine who she’d grown closer and closer to over the last 12 months.

“I can’t believe I never knew this! Come on tell me everything!”

Smiling to her friend Ellen finished the last of her tea while she gave a basic history of things with her and Daniel telling Celine how they’d got together on their trip to Dundee just over a week ago, sparing her any details other than the fact they’d first kissed in the car at some services on the way there. Seeing her friend’s eyes beam with delight Ellen felt almost tearful as she spoke fondly of her new boyfriend and how they’d drawn close through working together on the project.

“Oh Ellen I’m so happy for you! So have you…you know?”

Once again Ellen just nodded, not willing to disclose any further details of her sex life even to her best friend. Seeing Celine even blush a little at what she’s actually asked Ellen couldn’t help but feel emotional as Celine stood up and hugged her tightly just as she noticed Daniel walking towards them. Desperate to speak to him alone and fill him in on what Celine now knew Ellen hadn’t even managed to pull away from Celine when her friend turned around to see Daniel then promptly threw her arms around him too! Catching Daniel’s confused look Ellen couldn’t help herself laughing as Celine then patted Daniel on the back and congratulated him.

“Will someone please fill me in? Have I missed something?”

Smiling up at Daniel and feeling a rush of fondness and affection for him Ellen caught his eye again as she winked up at him.

“Oh Daniel I’m just so so happy for you both. I have such a good feeling about you two. This is even better than that deal with IKEA!”

Obviously now realising what Celine was on about Ellen felt herself being pulled to standing from the wooden chair she was sitting on as Daniel pulled her closer and wrapped an arm around her. Embarrassed, but happy to feel his body against hers, Ellen leaned in closer for a hug as Daniel suddenly leant down and cupped her face, kissing her right on the lips for all to see!

“Awww. You’re making me well up here. You two have made my day!”

Blushing awkwardly Ellen couldn’t move as Daniel held her closely still in his arms as he looked down at her smiling.

“So can I do this every morning now?”

“I think you’ll find we have work to be getting on with. It’s not like this ship is leaving port in just over a week or anything is it? Actually now you’re here Daniel Celine and I were just talking about all the stuff she’s collecting for the refugees. She has someone who has volunteered to transport it all there but they obviously want one of us to go with them. Celine has invited me to go too. I’ve said yes because I think it’s important that someone from here is there for everyone arriving as a familiar face and a liaison contact with everyone in Dundee. I was going to go on the coaches, assuming there was a free seat, but this is even better as this way I can get a lift back too.”

Feeling Daniel’s arm finally lifting from her shoulder Ellen looked up at him waiting for his response.

“I was planning driving over that day anyway myself. What with all the stuff with Keith lately I don’t feel I can trust him to make sure everything is in place to be honest. Have you told Celine what he was like when you were there yesterday? You won’t believe what else he’s done now too! He’s only gone and put in a complaint against me to my boss! Apparently I’ve been overstepping the mark and going behind his back by contacting the places he was meant to like the food bank and the starter sets charity. Even when I showed Archie the evidence on here he still didn’t believe me. Heaven only knows what a shambles the refugees will turn up to on the 10th if Keith Bryan is left in charge.”

“Oh my God! No way Daniel! I was there when the food bank and Starter Packs Dundee were meant to come. I text you both because I didn’t know what to do and it was looking like there would be nothing for the first lot arriving. Even when they eventually came both of them said they hadn’t heard anything from the council at all and it was your phone call Daniel that got things organised.”

“I know. I did tell Archie that but he can’t see past Keith. Anyway I think it’s great that we’re all going on the tenth. There’s three coach loads of refugees moving so it’ll be all hands on deck. So what else have I missed here?”

Ellen listened as Celine updated Daniel on the arrangements with Forest Furnishings and Ikea and other companies to deliver furniture to Tulloch Court as she began wondering who would be there the other end to organise what went where and make sure it was all in the right apartments before the big day. With so much to do in Glasgow still and the fact she also needed to somehow find a new job, wether in Dundee or elsewhere, as soon as possible, it was once again feeling just a little bit overwhelming as she saw Yeva nearby and excused herself to see if she had any news on Diana.

For all there was so much to do she hadn’t stopped thinking of Mykhaila and her mum from the moment social work had called her to say the girl was being taken into foster care. Catching up with Yeva she stopped the younger girl by calling her name. The look on the young Asian girls face stopped Ellen in her tracks before she’d even said a word. Looking at Yeva in the eye Ellen stared at her silently hoping she wasn’t about to say what she thought she was.

*305*2023-12-23 00:57

Daniel comforts Ellen

Signing in Daniel thought about heading straight to his desk but he needed a coffee and perhaps even a bite of something sugary too to recover from his earlier meeting. Opting instead to walk straight to the canteen he noticed Celine bend down hugging someone on a chair as he thought it looked like Ellen. Worried something was wrong he went straight over to them, smiling as he caught Ellen’s eye over Celine’s shoulder. Delighted to see his girlfriend again, especially after such a stressful meeting with his boss, Daniel approached the two woman then stood waiting to get their attention when suddenly Celine saw him, turned, and immediately hugged him. Taken aback at the sudden unexpected act of affection Daniel looked at Ellen for clarification. Whatever was going on between the woman was clearly a source of hilarity for Ellen though as her face lit up and her contagious laugh exploded from her mouth.

Confused and curious Daniel felt Celine suddenly patting him on the back and congratulating him as he asked what exactly was going on. With only a fond wink coming from Ellen it was something Celine said that finally filled in the blanks for him as he suddenly realised that Ellen must have told her friend about their relationship. Absolutely thrilled to finally no longer have to hide his feelings for Ellen in public Daniel pulled his girlfriend up from where she was sitting and hugged her close to him. Unable to resist leaning down and lovingly kissing her to show both her and Celine how he felt he couldn’t resist asking his girlfriend if he could now embrace and kiss her every single morning.

She didn’t actually say no, though she made it abundantly clear that this public display of affection wasn’t going to sadly become the norm as Daniel held her close comforted by her body so close to his and proud of her for finally being able to tell someone, at last, about their new relationship. Listening as Ellen now talked about the big moving day and Celine’s plans of filling a large van with extra things for the refugees Daniel slowly lifted his arm to allow his girlfriend the freedom to move more. Telling both woman how he had always intended to take his own car that day anyway he went on to fill them both in about his impromptu meeting with Archie that morning and the complaints from Keith. Glad to have the full backing of both his colleagues the three of the stood talking until he noticed Ellen had walked away.

Still listening to Celine he looked around to try and see her when he spotted her near the work stations talking with Yeva. Waiting patiently until Celine had finished what she was saying he excused himself saying he needed to get on as he grabbed a quick coffee and walked back towards where he’d spent the last week working on the ship. Setting up his laptop he was thrilled to see Ellen approach him, though she now seemed pale, shocked and almost tearful. Stopping what he was doing immediately he looked up at her and reached out for her hand.

“What’s happened? Are you feeling ok? You look terrible.”

“I just spoke to Yeva there to ask if she’d heard anything about Diana. She’s very fond of her and I suspected she might have popped up to the hospital last night. She had. It’s not good. Apparently after the social worker came up and spoke to Diana yesterday late afternoon through an interpreter she broke down. She’s refusing any further medical treatment and when Yeva saw her at visiting time she just cried for the full hour. She never touched her dinner or even drank anything and apparently she was looking awful. From what Yeva could make out she doesn’t see any point in getting better now they’ve taken Mykhaila. Oh Daniel I thought this might happen. This was why I never wanted to call social services!”

Upset at both the news of Mrs Kravchenco and seeing Ellen so distressed Daniel felt so helpless as he once again felt a weight of guilt at the thought that his conversation with Victoria Fielding, the community nurse, might have in some way contributed to it all. Desperate to console Ellen, and frantically trying to think of any way to fix things like he always did, Daniel looked to Ellen for guidance.

“Is there anything we can do? Can’t that social worker maybe take Mykhaila to see her mum and reassure her that she’ll get her daughter back when she’s well? Do you think Diana understands that?”

“That’s the thing Daniel. Diana isn’t stupid. She might struggle to understand or speak English but she knows her own body. She’s well aware just how ill she is. It doesn’t matter how positive I am or how much I wish for that lady to get better, I know deep down that her ever being strong enough to look after her daughter again is very very unlikely. I’ve sat with her, I’ve given her her meds and even picked them up for her from the chemist.. I know how many drugs she’s taking just to stay alive. I desperately want her to get better but even Mykhaila knows now that her mum is seriously sick. We can’t force her to keep taking medication against her will. If she’s given up fighting then I’m not sure even seeing her daughter will change her mind. In fact it might even have the opposite effect. Seeing her and knowing she can’t look after her might just make things worse.”

“I hadn’t thought of that. Would she listen to you? Do you want me to take you to see her? We can call the hospital right now. Surely if they think it would help they’d let you see her?”

Seeing a tear run down Ellen’s cheek Daniel instinctively wiped it away with his hand.

“What can I say to her? She’s not going to be strong enough or well enough to move to Dundee now is she? She’s lost her husband in the war, been torn away from her family and brought to a country where she knows no one. Shes lived in a tiny cabin here with her daughter for the last 12 months getting more and more sick everyday. Now her daughter has been taken from her too and if she ever gets out of hospital she’ll have nowhere to live because this ship won’t even be here anymore. What do you say to give someone who has been through all that hope? The only thing that she can get that could possibly change things would be a transplant but there’s so many waiting for that ahead of her. Even then the irony is she’s probably no longer even well enough to get one even if one became available.”

“I had no idea. That’s awful. No wonder she’s in the state she’s in. That nurse said she thought she might not get to move to Tulloch Court but I really didn’t want to believe it either. She was sitting having breakfast here just a few days ago. It hardly seems real.”

“I know. Maybe you were right though. Maybe I should have kept more of a distance from them all like you. Maybe I shouldn’t have got involved or studied to learn their language or tried so much to get to know them all. Between leaving some of them behind in Dundee yesterday and now this I’m not sure my heart can take much more.”

“It’s me that was wrong Ellen not you. Working in here, eating with them all, seeing their kids running around and hearing them talking…it’s impossible not to connect with them all. You’re invested in them just like Celine and Aran and Yeva and so many others. That’s what makes you so bloody amazing at what you do. None of this is your fault. People get sick sometimes, life sucks at times, hearts get broken and we think we’ll never ever be able to smile again. But one day we do. We brush ourselves down, we find a reason to go on and we keep going.

Look at all the others on here just now. See them all having coffee, going to work or education, going shopping, eating, socialising? They’ve all had trauma, every one of them. They are vulnerable, lost, dependent on others and just trying to make the best of their situation. You are their shining light. How many were here in the beginning that have now moved on because you fought to find them a permanent home even when I told you we had nothing available? You wouldn’t take no for an answer. You pushed me, hounded me, harassed me even, because you cared about them all. That day you took me to see that one family. Remember? The one with the little girl who was crying getting her own room for the first time? That’s when I realised the impact of what we were doing. I defy anyone to have seen that child that day and not got emotional.

I bet any money that Taras and Vladislav, and Teyyana and Dmitro, and all the others who moved yesterday feel just like that child did. You told me about Teona being so excited about her flat she didn’t even want to pause to use the bathroom. I know it’s hard to let go but you have changed so many people’s lives Ellen. As awful as it is that Diana is so sick you honestly did the right thing calling social services. I honestly believe that. Mykhaila needs someone who can give her the attention and time she needs. Someone who has the energy to play with her, read to her, take her to school and back. You can’t fix everything Ellen no matter how much you want to.”

Amazed at how much he had said when none of it was planned or even thought about beforehand Daniel sensed it was time to be quiet now as he watched Ellen silently cry in front of him. Stepping closer to her he pulled her in to embrace her as he stroked her hair gently as she sobbed into his chest.

They had so much work to do but they were only human. The late nights, heavy workload, and intensity of the tasks at hand were enough to exhaust anyone. Concerned at how much Ellen was carrying on her shoulders he held her tightly feeling his own eyes stinging as everyone around them carried on their lives as if they weren’t even there.

*306*2023-12-24 01:21

Ellen let’s Daniel support her

Struggling to take it what Yeva was telling her Ellen felt the colour drain from her as the young Asian girl shared how Mrs Kravchenco was during visiting time the night before. It hurt Ellen to think of anyone that distraught but when it was someone she really knew and cared about it tore her heart in two. No longer able to deny or pretend that everything would be ok and Diana would get out of hospital, get her daughter back, and miraculously move to Dundee, the reality of the facts hit Ellen hard. Feeling helpless, broken and angry at the news that Diana was so depressed and desolate that she was refusing all medication and food and drink Ellen could only hope that the staff in hospital would put her on a drip or sedate her or something just to get her vital medication into her body. Nodding to Yeva to thank her for the information Ellen turned away not wanting the girl to see her so tearful.

Blinking away tears she walked towards her laptop not really able to think or speak and still in shock. Still in a sort of emotional daze Ellen looked up to see Daniel standing over his desk setting up his laptop as he happened to turn his head and see her as their eyes met. Touched that he immediately seemed to sense something was wrong Ellen’s heart was tender towards him as he reached out to gently take her hand. Sharing the news with him Ellen struggled for the words as her eyes scrunched trying to keep the tears at bay.

It was sweet of Daniel to want to fix things but Ellen was aware enough to realise that turning up at the hospital wouldn’t help. It wouldn’t make Diana’s illness go away or bring her daughter back but it could possibly make her worse and add pressure to her already frail mind and body. Ellen hated sharing personal details of the refugees, who trusted her to be professional and confidential at all times, but yet in the emotion and heartbreak of the situation Ellen found herself quietly telling Daniel some of Diana’s story. Seeing his face change as he processed it all Ellen was more affected by his empathy than she expected. Feeling the warmth and wetness of a tear trickling down her cheek she felt such a tender heart towards Daniel when he gently used his finger to wipe it away.

Expecting him to criticise her for getting too involved with the refugees, like he’d always done before, Ellen looked at him in amazement when he actually stated that not only did he agree with her that being involved was the right thing he even acknowledged the trauma they had all been through rather than his previous stance of comments like ‘beggars can’t be choosers’. Taken aback but his 180 degree turn around in his attitude and thoughts Ellen listened even more intently as Daniel stood close to her still holding her hand gently as he reminded her of all she’d achieved and the people she had helped, even remembering little Zlata the day they had taken her family to their new flat. That day was etched forever in Ellen’s memory not just because of the young child’s reaction to her new home but because that was when she first realised she was attracted to Daniel when they hugged for the very first time.

The more Daniel spoke the more Ellen was struggling to remain composed as tear after tear ran silently down her cheek until Daniel suddenly stopped talking and pulled her closer in an embrace that seemed to enfold her and comfort her more than she ever thought possible. Letting the emotion of everything out finally; the sorrow of saying goodbye to those she’d taken to Dundee the day before, the heartbreak of Mykhaila being taken into care and having to say goodbye to her, the stress of her rent going up and the thought of losing her job in just over a week, the exhaustion of all the hours she’d been working lately, and now the news of Diana, Ellen let the tears fall freely and the stress release as Daniel held her firmly, protecting her from everything and everyone around her.

Unsure how long she remained like that crying, broken, exhausted, in her boyfriend’s arms the next thing Ellen remembered was Daniel stroking her hair and leaning down to whisper to her.

“Why don’t we go and get a drink and a sit down eh?”

Letting Daniel hold her hand, an action she’d previously been embarrassed about in public, Ellen let her boyfriend lead her towards the canteen as he guided her to a seat and brought over two mugs of hot drinks. Sipping at the tea, made exactly how she liked it, Ellen rummaged in her bag for some tissues for her nose, looking up at Daniel as he reached for her hand again.

“I don’t normally cry like this. Well not in public anyway.”

“Crying isn’t a weakness Ellen. It a release.”

“When did you go all wise on me?”

“Years of therapy. When my dad died I didn’t cope well at all. I walked away from my religion, stopped visiting my mum, got angry at everything and everyone. I didn’t understand why because growing up I rarely even saw my dad. He worked long hours and he mostly only spent time with me when we were on holidays as a family. But then suddenly he died and I didn’t know who I was anymore. I started drinking to numb the pain but then my mum came round to mine and she just sat there for hours. She wouldn’t leave until I promised her I’d stop drinking and get help. That’s when I realised that I wasn’t the only one grieving and I researched counselling. The council actually offer it free but I didn’t really want anyone to know so I just went private. It helped a lot. It was my counsellor who told me to never apologise for crying as it isn’t a weakness it’s a release. I’m just saving you his extortionate fees really.”

Taking another sip of her tea Ellen looked at Daniel in a whole new light. His life had always seemed perfect; his fancy car, lovely home, expensive suits and stable job, yet here he was opening up to the fact he’d had counselling after his dad had died. Feeling a tenderness and softness at this news Ellen looked up at him smiling.

“You’re full of surprises Daniel Omari. Next you’re going to tell me you were a refugee too, though that really would shock me!”

“Not me but my dad was. He came over with his parents from Tanzania in 1978 at the start of the Mozambican civil war as a teenager. My Jadd, my grandfather, was a top surgeon in Tanzania but here he couldn’t even get a job emptying bins! Jadatti, my grandmother, made money sewing and making clothes while Jadd eventually got a job as a kitchen hand in a restaurant so they could pay for my dad to go to university.”

“Are you serious? Why have you been so negative about the people here then? I don’t understand. Surely with your family history you of all people should understand what these people are going through?”

“I’ve nothing against these people Ellen. I never have. My issue is political I suppose. It’s morally wrong, in my opinion, to promise people the world when you can’t deliver. To bring all these people here when the government knew there was already a housing crisis here in Glasgow but expect us to miraculously somehow find permanent accommodation for them all is ludicrous. There’s 5 and a half million people in Scotland but they don’t all live in one city do they? So why expect just one local authority to take the strain? The reason I was hesitant about people like yourself getting too involved is exactly that: We can’t promise things if we don’t have the means to provide them. You can beg me until you are blue in the face how badly say Tetyana and Dmitro needed a home because their baby was on the way but the fact was there just wasn’t anything available. If there was I would have given them somewhere months ago.

It’s so wrong that these people have been left in limbo this long. It’s cruel and disgusting but all I could do is do everything in my power to help them. Believe it or not that’s exactly what I have been doing. I always knew you’d hate the idea of them being moved to Dundee but it was that or they were spread all over Scotland, which actually was what should have happened when they first arrived. Now we are faced with over 130 people who have started to put roots down, in education and jobs, and formed a community together becoming more and more reliant on each other exactly like Diana and that other woman with the little girl…”

“Myroslava and Katya?”

“Yes. I’ve seen them collecting each other’s children from school, and those little twin girls?”

“Liliya and Larysa?”

“I don’t know their names only that I’ve seen them left alone in this canteen while their mum goes off places reliant on others here looking out for them. That sort of stuff worries me Ellen. There’s such a dependency here both on practical things like food being made for them and the money to keep them all on here all paid by the government. That’s not real life. That’s not helping people, that’s setting them up for failure. I know you might not agree with me here but if Diana had been living in her own home with Mykhaila then she would never have managed as long as she did.”

“So are you saying I shouldn’t have helped them? They shouldn’t have made friends on here and helped each other out like everyone else does in real communities?”

“That’s not what I’m saying Ellen. It’s that this set up: Living on a cruise ship. It’s not real life is it? Living in a tiny cabin with no windows and no facilities even to make yourself a slice of toast? That’s no quality of life for anyone let alone people fleeing a war. We can do so much better Ellen. We ARE doing better, you and I, we’ve got them all a permanent new place to call home. My biggest worry though is that will they all manage the transition from dependency to independency without the intense support that they’ve had here on this ship both from the government and charities and each other? It’s not like Keith will care about anything like that now will he?”

“Unless there’s a camera crew in his face that man won’t care about anything. I suppose you have a point though. I actually think some of them will do great but others will need much more support. There really ought to be a caretaker there at the very least. Actually I think I will go right now and apply for that job like we talked about. You’ve given me so much to think about. Thank you.”

“You sure you’re ok now?”

“I will be. I might finish early today though. My last wage went in yesterday and I really need to get some decent food in. I’ve barely been eating for weeks. Right, I’m away to apply for that job. Email me anything that needs done after that. Thanks for the tea. You make a fab cuppa you know.”

*309*2023-12-25 00:11

An unexpected sighting for Daniel

Holding Ellen until her sobs became weaker and quieter Daniel worried about her state of mind and ability to cope, thinking back to the entire year he’d worked with her and the depth with which she cared for everyone. It was like she took everyone’s struggles as her own, saw everything as her responsibility, tried to solve everyone’s problems, yet here she was now faced with a serious situation that she couldn’t put right and the consequences of that were serious. Remembering how his own mum had consoled him and comforted him as a child by making hot cocoa he lent down and whispered to Ellen suggesting they have a cuppa.

Letting Ellen go from his arms he couldn’t quite let her go completely as he reached down to take her hand, amazed that she let him, and even seemed comfortable with it, as he lead her gently towards the canteen. Settling her down at a free table he walked towards the hot drinks machines and quickly made a mug of coffee for himself and a tea for Ellen. Taking them to the table he handed Ellen the tea as he sat down and watched her blow her nose from all the crying. Glad to see some of the colour slowly returning to her face again he smiled slightly as Ellen quickly apologised for crying. Remembering something his therapist had shared with him many times he gently reached out for Ellen’s hand and reassured her that crying was in no way a weakness but rather a necessary release from the internal pressure in your emotions.

Hoping Ellen was taking that in the conversation seemed to flow easily from his struggles after his dad died, to how his grandparents had been refugees, and even to the politics of the current refugee situation and why he’s seemed, to Ellen at least, allusive, reserved or even, at times, critical of the refugees. To Ellen, it seemed, it had all been simple: the refugees were safe and settled on the cruise ship and they would all eventually find permanent housing as soon as it because available. In the meantime they could enjoy the community of living so close together in the shared environment and start to build their lives again. It was obvious that she didn’t see anything wrong with life on the Adventurer II, nor see how damaging it was both for the refugees and the larger community. By separating and segregating and making the refugees fully dependent they were in fact breeding animosity towards them from the local community and causing problems down the line when everyone moved on.

Explaining this gently to Ellen, who genuinely appeared like this was a new revelation to her, Daniel continued holding her hand and drinking his coffee. Feeling slightly guilty at taking away her innocence his demeanour brightened as Ellen looked up smiling like the penny had finally dropped as she pushed her empty mug away and stood up declaring that she was off to apply for the caretakers job with a new found passion. Smiling lovingly at her as she walked away Daniel paused for a moment thinking just how wonderful Ellen was before taking the mugs to the used tray area and placing them with the other used dishes.

Making his way back towards his laptop he was interrupted by someone he didn’t know who in very basic broken English seemed to be saying that they had heard he was looking for them. Taking a few seconds to understand Daniel finally realised it was the last of the families yet to sign the tenancy agreement for Tulloch court as he lead them to his desk and dug out the contract. Witnessing their signature on behalf of the council he shook the woman’s hand and smiled at her, grateful to finally now have every contract signed and ready. Switching on his laptop he updated a spreadsheet with the information the lady had provided then checked his email. Ellen wasn’t at her desk but that was ok as he had so much to be getting on with and organising that he needed to focus on work as much as possible.

It was almost lunchtime before he saw Ellen again as she approached her desk with Celine behind her obviously looking for something on her laptop.

“I’m sure I’ve got the number here somewhere for you Celine. Sorry you couldn’t find me. I was on the phone for ages to someone. I really need to transfer all these contacts into my phone. It’s one of those jobs I keep meaning to do but then something else always comes up. Here it is. Claypots. I was sure that was the company. Douglas McCallister. That was it. He should be able to help you. Are you ready for his number? It’s 07741 675 235.”

“Cheers Ellen. I knew you’d have it. I haven’t stopped all morning. I’ll call him in just a minute. I really need to go to the loo first. I was in another online meeting there with IKEA making arrangements for everything and it was going on and on. They wanted to know when everything was being picked up and it was only then I realised I hadn’t got a contact in Dundee to make sure the flats were all open. I said I’d get back to them within the hour so I was so glad to find you. Oh come on! This phone is like a bloody hot line today!”

Smiling and winking at Ellen, who had turned to smile at him, Daniel tried to finished what he was typing when the noise of heels tapping on the carpet stole his attention. Looking up to see Celine on the phone tapping her heel on the carpet restlessly as she swung her knee in and out he lost all thoughts of typing as the tall thin woman in front of the desk beside his was stealing his thoughts quickly. Celine wasn’t his type at all but seeing her clearly needing the toilet badly enough to be struggling to stay composed was certainly something he was enjoying immensely, even more so having just heard that she’d not had a chance to go all morning. Crossing his legs to hide the fact his body was displaying his thoughts rather embarrassingly it occurred to him that he too could very much do with emptying his bladder.

He’d already had more coffee that morning than he usually had in a full day of work and he was starting to feel it. He had planned to work right through to his usual finishing time but already he knew his bladder would never hold out until then. If Ellen planned to leave early then he was certain he would need to do similar. At least seeing a pretty woman on the phone bursting to go in front of him was a good distraction to help right now.

*311*2023-12-25 11:39

{{5 hours ago, WetNick88 said:

Seasons greetings and thank you. You are such a talented writer.

}}

Thank you. That’s the best Christmas compliment ever.

*312*2023-12-26 00:27

Ellen calls about the job

Leaving Daniel, feeling determined and thoughtful, Ellen knew she needed to do something. Using her phone to search the job application for the caretakers position in Dundee city council she scrolled down until she found a number to phone. Highlighting it and letting her phone automatically call the number she left her work area and went for a walk. Taking the stairs for fear that the lift might disconnect the call she headed up to the third floor where many of the cabins were now empty. Speaking to a receptionist she paused at the very top of the stairs to explain why she was calling as she thanked the girl for putting her through to the right department.

Pushing the double doors open she walked down to the very bottom of the corridor before the phone was answered again. Introducing herself she stood outside cabin 3-400, the largest numbered cabin on the ship, as she explained why she was calling and what she wanted. Trying desperately to remember who had originally had the cabin she was standing at out of the 1300 refugees who originally boarded the ship Ellen listened carefully as the man on the phone explained the recruitment process for such posts and the process applicants would go through.

Walking along the empty corridor as she continued the conversation Ellen was amazed at how she could still picture certain families in some of the cabin as she tried thinking of where each had moved to. Most were blurry now, especially those who moved away in the first few months, but some individuals remained in her heart and mind even now. Like the young mum who arrived with a baby in her arms looking not much older than a teenager herself, and the grandmother who had escaped with three of her grandchildren because both their parents had been killed in a bomb blast.

Every story had impacted Ellen greatly, every refugee unique and special in their own way. Moving along into another corridor, while she explained to the council employee her vast experience in supporting the Ukrainians since their arrival in Glasgow at the beginning of November the year before, she paused outside one of the few cabins on the top floor that was still occupied. Smiling as she pictured the occupant of that particular cabin she continued the conversation, now happily stating that she was more than willing to move to Dundee and that she fully understood about the flat coming with the job.

Heading to the second floor she walked along the corridors there too thinking of the children who had played where she was walking and the relief of everyone the day they set foot onto the safety of the cruise ship after the trauma of travelling from their homeland. Questioning why the interviews were not even scheduled until the following month, weeks after the last of the refugees would have moved in, Ellen felt her frustration building. Pushing the man on the phone for answers he seemed to hint that there hadn’t been much interest in the position, though he didn’t seem at all concerned at the impact such a delay might have on the new residents.

Asking bluntly if there was any chance of the dates being pushed forward given how important it was for the refugees to have that support,especially in the first few weeks of arrival, Ellen sighed as she was now walking along the first floor corridors remembering even more clearly both recent and not so recent occupants of each cabin. Ending the call outside what had been Dmitro and Tetyana’s cabin she pushed the handle down half expecting them still to be there. Looking inside the now empty cabin she had flashbacks to the couple first telling her they were expecting their first baby as she felt quite emotional thinking of them having a newborn baby in a city they didn’t know without the support network around them that they’d come to depend on.

Deciding that she’d fill in the online application that evening she returned to the main atrium seeing Celine near the reception calling for her. Walking towards her friend Ellen smiled hoping Celine wouldn’t question where she’d been for the last hour or so. Instead she seemed too driven and focussed herself as she frantically asked her for the name of the contractor at Tulloch Court and their contact number. Thinking she had the details in her phone contacts Ellen scrolled through the long list realising she hadn’t added it in her phone. Guiding a very busy and constantly moving Celine towards her desk, promising her that she had the details on her laptop, she apologised as she quickly booted up her computer and read out the necessary information to her friend.

Looking up at her confident but restless looking friend Ellen smiled as the cause of Celine’s fidgeting was now obvious. Hearing her casually admit that she really needed the loo Ellen turned to look and smile at Daniel nearby who she wondered might have just overheard Celine’s words. Expecting Celine to now rush off to the ladies they all heard her phone ringing as a flustered Celine looked at the screen before quickly answering it. Busying herself by bookmarking the application form online and having a little read through it Ellen could see Celine’s standing in front of her desk still as she tapped her feet on the carpet and squirmed around.

Wondering just how long her friend might be on the phone Ellen found herself increasingly distracted by the knowledge Celine had to pee badly as if in totally empathy she realised that she too needed to go rather a lot too. She’d been so busy on the phone call and reminiscing about everyone who had been on the ship over the past year that she hadn’t even noticed just how heavy and full her bladder was. Feeling very awkward about slipping away to the ladies when her friend clearly had to go but couldn’t right now Ellen squeezed her muscles tightly and tried to focus back on the application form in front of her. She may as well make a start on it by filling out all that she could right now.

If only her bladder and the sight of her friend bursting in front of her weren’t distracting her so much. If Celine didn’t come off the phone soon she might have to discreetly slip past her anyway. Glancing over at Daniel, who looked tense and uncomfortable, she hoped he wasn’t watching as she slid a hand between her legs and sat forward in her seat. She’d had far too much tea already and now her body desperately needed to release it all back out again.

*313*2023-12-27 00:47

Daniel wants Ellen’s help with something

Reading his screen three times Daniel gave up trying to make sense of the email in front of him as he fidgeted on his seat awkwardly glancing up yet again at Celine who was now leaning on Ellen’s desk with one leg in front of the other with the front leg bouncing and shaking. Her voice was much less calm than usual and her demeanour anxious and flustered. For a woman who was always on top of her game and professional it was so out of character, which only served to draw Daniel’s attention to her even more.

Whoever she was on the phone to didn’t appear to be in a hurry either as Daniel discreetly watched the poor girl twist and fidget and squirm as she sat in the corner of the desk then stood up and moved around then leaned back on the desk again with her legs crossed. Aware that his face was burning and his crotch was swelling more and more he tried for a fourth time to read the email on his laptop to no avail. Time seemed to be standing still as he thought about his colleague and wondered just how much she had drunk that morning.

He couldn’t recall ever seeing her acting as she was right then ever, and now he thought about it he struggled to recall her ever even mentioning having to pee at all. Of course this just added to the excitement and thrill of it all as he checked no-one was watching him then placed a hand onto his hard cock. Shocked to feel just how hard he was he looked away from Celine embarrassed at how turned on he was when actually he wasn’t normally attracted to her at all. Sure she was lovely with her short blond hair and long legs but he was a man who loved fuller woman, curvier bodies, hair he could run his fingers through, more like Ellen’s.

Turning to look at Ellen, hoping she couldn’t telepathically sense how he was feeling right then, he couldn’t help but notice the strange way she was sitting perched on the edge of her seat. One of her knees was jigging a lot too and her face looked unusually tense. Hoping she hadn’t come across yet another issue or problem he tore off a piece of paper from a notepad and scribbled her a note. Leaning over he placed it on the corner of her desk hoping she would see it. Sitting back down on his chair a strong push from his bladder reminded him not to forget how badly he needed to piss as he crossed his legs listening to Celine on the phone.

“Yeah. Yeah. That sounds great. Actually you caught me in a bit of a moment here. Could I call you back shortly to discuss this in more detail? I have somewhere I really need to be just now but I do appreciate you calling and I will definitely call you later today about this. Yes. Yes I appreciate that. Would an email be better if you will be driving then? Of course I understand how urgent this is. I actually have a lot of time sensitive situations going on right now and as I said I really must dash. Something extremely urgent really needs my immediate attention Mr Sandbach. I do really apologise again but as I said I will get back to you very shortly. Thanks again for your call.”

Looking up just as Celine put her phone on Ellen’s desk he watched as the tall thin woman gasped and tensed her full body before leaning over Ellen’s desk twisting and squirming her legs.

“Oh God I’m nearing wetting myself here. Be back in a minute!”

Daniel watched Celine race towards the ladies by the entrance at the lifts like she’d been training for the Olympics for years as he turned to Ellen smiling slightly.

“I hope she makes it.”

“Me too. I think I’ll join her actually. Be back in a bit.”

Stuttering with anxiety and nerves Daniel stood up quickly keen not to be left alone in the state he was in and even more turned on just at the thought that Ellen might really need the toilet too. Trying to think quickly he struggled to get the words out as he reached for Ellen’s arm and blurted out that there was something he wanted her opinion on first.

“Can’t it wait a few minutes Daniel?”

“I think I’m missing something Ellen. I’ve been reading this email four times now but it’s just not making sense to me at all.”

Sounding flustered and annoyed, but nonetheless walking the few steps to Daniel’s desk, Daniel put his arm around Ellen as she leaned down to look at his laptop.

“Who’s it from?”

“I think it’s a Callum something or other from Refuweegee?”

“Ah Callum Mason probably. He’s severely dyslexic I think. Listen I’ll have a read of this for you in a minute and see if I can work any of it out for you. It’s probably in relation to Celine’s project. I’ll go find her and we can fathom it out together. I’ll not be long.”

Really quite desperate to pee now Daniel leaned down to kiss Ellen on the cheek. This time talking more quietly he checked no one was nearby before whispering into Ellen’s ear.

“I really need help with something else too. Do you remember what I needed very very badly at that big council meeting nearly two weeks ago? That’s exactly the same feeling I have right now. You know how I hate those toilets at the lifts. Come with me to the one by the theatre on the 1st floor Ellen. Please? I can’t piss myself like I did on that video I sent you, but boy am I so close right now. Please Ellen. I’m begging you!”

*314*2023-12-29 01:04

Will they make it to the first floor toilet?

No longer even able to fake looking at her laptop Ellen squirmed around in her chair watching her friend jigging around whilst on the phone in front of her desk knowing she was every bit as desperate to wee as she was. Hearing Celine saying everything possible to try and get the call to end she pressed her crotch under the chair and wiggled around praying Celine would soon be finished so she could get past her to get to the toilet.

Finally Celine practically threw her phone onto the desk in front of Ellen as she leaned over the desk moving her legs behind her like crazy. Her words were not only a reflection of her actions but also her facial expression as she suddenly announced that she was almost wetting herself before running towards the toilets quicker than Ellen could ever recall witnessing her doing before. Taking a second to process that she was now free to do the same Ellen turned in response to Daniel saying something, momentarily surprised to hear his voice having been so preoccupied with holding her bladder that she’d almost forgotten he was there.

His comment was innocent and simple but it paved the way perfectly for Ellen to excuse herself too to follow Celine. Standing up and looking towards the lifts and the enticing ladies loos Ellen squeezed past her desk ready to rush off when Daniel grabbed her arm and asked for help with something. Flustered and annoyed Ellen begged him to let her go promising she’d come back with Celine as soon as she could. As sympathetic as she was to her boyfriend’s issue with some email her bladder ached so badly for release that she feared it might burst any second right where she was. Nonetheless with her arm held firmly she was powerless to move so, concentrating hard to keep her muscles tightly closed, she reluctantly asked who the email was from.

Why did it have to be from Callum Mason of all people? As understanding as Ellen was of his writing and spelling difficulties deciphering his emails was always laborious and time consuming. Gritting her teeth she closed her eyes as she squeezed hard between her legs terrified she could feel dribbles already starting to leak. Knowing there was absolutely no way at all that she could even so much as look at any email let alone help Daniel know what it might say she begged him to allow her to go and get Celine, relishing the opportunity to get to the ladies.

Looking up to catch Daniel’s eye she knew she really had no choice left but to tell him explicitly how desperate for the toilet she was and how urgently she needed to leave when he suddenly kissed her sweetly on the cheek and whispered something that raised her temperature instantly. How had she not seen the signs that he too was bursting? Licking her lips nervously as he explained that he was every bit as desperate to wee as he had been the day she’d seen him at the big meeting her eyes immediately enlarged and her heart beat fast. The throbbing between her legs now making her yearn longingly for the man touching her and looking right down at her beseechingly she shivered both in pee desperation and in the surge of hormones as her words failed her leaving just her head to nod like dog on a trampoline.

Nothing more was spoken again as Ellen felt Daniel letting go of her arm as he slid out from behind his desk and walked briskly towards the lifts with her following right behind. Seeing the ladies drawing her as she walked quickly towards them Ellen knew she could so easily just slip into the toilets leaving Daniel alone, but despite the enormous pressure pulsating through her entire body she still couldn’t leave the man she fancied so badly. As one of the lift doors promptly opened she rushed in before she could give her body a chance to even contemplate sideways stepping into the toilets she so badly needed. The doors hadn’t even finished closing when she involuntarily grabbed between her legs and moaned out loud just how desperate she was to wee. Turning to see Daniel bent forward pinching his manhood through his trousers his voice sent shudders through her as he looked up tearfully with his forehead covered in sweat beads.

“I’m barely holding on here!”

Pulling her hand out as the doors opened at the 1st floor Ellen marched out in the direction of the theatre not even caring if Daniel was behind her. Focussed solely on the corridor that she knew lead to the single cubicle she’d used a few times before she single-mindedly marched quickly unaware that a young girl child was walking the other way right towards her.Almost falling over young Ihor, whose birthday party she’d attended just ten days before, she looked ahead to see his mum Inna looking concerned.

“Privyt Ellen.”

“Hi, Inna. Sorry. In a hurry…prospikhom!”

Aware that Inna was looking at her strangely Ellen carried on rushing away regardless as she felt her sphincter muscle about to give in. Now practically running she saw the toilet sign on the door and almost cried in relief. Pushing the handle down she pushed the door open and raced inside gasping at the sight of the toilet. Even knowing how desperate Daniel was survival took over as she pulled her leggings down and took the remaining steps towards the toilet, turning and sitting down on it in one fluid movement. Her thighs weren’t even on the seat when she felt the rush of fluids cascade out between her legs just as the door opened and a red faced anxious Daniel walked in.

“It’s leaking! I’m leaking!”

Pointing to the sink Ellen smiled at Daniel who looked so distressed and tense.

“Use the sink honey!”

Watching as he unzipped himself whilst still squeezing and twisting like mad Ellen couldn’t take her eyes off Daniel as he stood sideways at the sink facing her on the toilet as he aimed his penis into the sink and immediately let it go. Watching as urine surged out into the small sink at force Ellen continued peeing strongly herself as the relief was orgasmic and the contentment tangible. Extremely aroused both at finally peeing whilst also getting to watch Daniel’s face instantly change from tense and stressed to utter relief she gazed at the huge amount pouring out of his manhood as she sat happily on the toilet.

It wasn’t until Daniel winked at her affectionately before smiling at her and informing her that she hadn’t taken off her pants that she even realised what had happened herself. Mistaking the warmth and dampness on her vaginal lips as sexual arousal rather than the wet cotton from her knickers Ellen put her full hand to her crotch and pressed the wet knickers into her body.

“Oops. Well they were wet anyway even before I got here. How I didn’t have a full on wetting I will never know. Talk about bursting!”

Shaking his penis to get the final few dribbles out Daniel then let go of his dick to undo his trouser hook and reveal his own very damp boxers underneath.

“I can’t really comment can I? I felt it dripping out back in the lift. Seriously thought I was a goner then too. There’s a bit on the trousers but I can hopefully hide that. Boy I feel so much better though now!”

Ellen stood up to slip her leggings fully off ready to remove her sodden underwear when Daniel tucked his penis into his wet boxers and zipped up quickly.

“Emmm…before you take those pants off may I…touch you?”

Giggling Ellen stepped out her leggings then plopped her hearty weight back onto the toilet pan.

“Yes you may. I’m all yours Daniel Omari. Come and get me.”

*315*2023-12-30 00:46

What peeing leads to…again

All Ellen did was nod but that was all Daniel needed as he hurriedly pushed down the lid of his laptop, let go of Ellen’s arm and walked single-mindedly behind her, concentrating so hard to hold his bladder at bay just a few minutes more.

With tunnel vision his eyes remained focused entirely on the back of Ellen Hemmingdale as her bottom wiggled beautifully and her hips swayed sexily. Desperately thinking arousing thoughts, which always came easily when he was with Ellen anyway, he clambered through the atrium towards the lifts behind Ellen as he watched her glance towards the toilets before pressing for the lift. Amazingly the lift doors opened almost instantly as Ellen rushed in and he stepped in immediately behind her. Letting Ellen press for the 1st floor he bent over grabbing himself facing the back of the lift hoping no one but Ellen could see him. As the lift announced its usual warning to keep clear of the doors he heard Ellen’s voice over the speaker as she moaned and muttered about how desperate she was. Turning slightly to see her holding her own crotch he felt safe at last to express his own struggle.

“I’m barely holding on here!”

It was the truth and even as the doors opened and he stepped out Daniel seriously wondered if he would ever make it to the toilet on time. Following behind Ellen, who was speed walking more than he’d ever really witnessed her doing before, he was aware of the noise of a toddler running towards them as he looked up to see Ellen almost walk into the child. With a hand in his pocket squeezing his trembling penis hard Daniel gasped at the thought of even another seconds delay. It was absolutely critical that he kept moving, kept holding, as the toilet was now in sight at last.

Thankfully Ellen brushed the child and his mother off speedily as Daniel kept close behind her as she edged ever closer to the bathroom he’d used with Ellen before. Just thinking about it made him leak though as he breathed in and held his breath, somehow praying that that would help him hold his bladder too. Seeing Ellen push the door open to the single cubicle in the corridor Daniel massaged the tip of his penis through his pocket aware that it was already wet and full of urine. Catching the door before it swung closed he stepped into the small toilet and turned at the noise that tormented and aroused him greatly in equal measure. Looking up to see Ellen’s fuller body sprawled over the only toilet something incredible caught his eye as his attention was momentarily taken away from his dick. That was all it took for more urine to seep out into his boxers as he quickly grabbed himself clumsily as he blurted out tearfully,

“It’s leaking! I’m leaking!”

Beyond controlling himself with the noise of Ellen’s loud and powerful pee echoing in his ear he squirmed around like a young child until Ellen pointed and suggested he use the sink. Barely even pausing for a breath he unzipped to release his spurting penis as he stepped closer to the small sink and aimed his release down the plug hole. Delighted to be free from the confines of his clothing he felt his dick rising and snaking as he held it firmly down to avoid spraying everywhere like an out of control firehouse.

The sense of release was heavenly as slowly Daniel felt his bladder subsiding and relaxing after hours of tension and stress. With his mouth open and his eyes half closed he breathed deeply and slowly at the absolute high of finally getting to piss. In awe at how much was pouring out of his own body Daniel looked down at his own hand as a strong stream continued to flow into the sink. Trying to imagine just how much he’d been holding amazed and thrilled him as his attention drifted back to Ellen as he winked at her and smiled.

He’d noticed when he first walked into the toilet that she still had her pants on and the sight had sent his sexual organs into overdrive. Now though, looking at her with her twinkling eyes and flushed cheeks, he wondered if she had realised what had happened herself. Looking down at her pants he raised his eyes back up to Ellen’s as he commented causally on the fact she still had her underpants on. Shaking the last of his piss out of his dick into the sink he looked back at Ellen overcome with lust for her as she took her large hand and rubbed her own soaking wet knickers against her vagina as she smiled at him half laughing.

Her coolness about what she’d just done was so erotic and her words saying that they were already wet anyway almost made Daniel cum then and there as his penis grew quickly and thickened readily. Keen to check how his own clothing had fared, given how he’d felt himself leak several times, he was pleased to see his trousers only had a small wet spot even though his boxers were much wetter. Automatically tucking his hard on into his wet underwear and trousers he pulled the fabric to draw it together then zipped and fasted himself up. Looking over towards Ellen he saw that she was trying to step out of her leggings, so she could presumably remove her soaking dripping wet pants, when his lower lip trembled with passion as he quietly walked closer to Ellen and asked her if he could touch her wet pants before she took them off.

Still unsure what she might say Daniel walked open mouthed and trembling nearer her as she pulled her leggings off her ankles then flopped back onto the toilet with her legs sprawled either side, still with her peed in panties still on. Hearing her adorable child like giggle and her enticing words saying with both her eyes and mouth that he was to ‘come get her’, Daniel unclipped his trousers instantly and pulled them to the floor. Stepping over them whist staring intently into Ellen’s drawing eyes he bent down with his arm and reached between Ellen’s beautiful broad legs. Stroking slowing and relishing the warmth and soddenness of the material Daniel beckoned Ellen’s pussy with his fingers as his own penis stretched the material of his boxers to its limit. Using his other hand he pulled the leg of his underwear aside to release his erection as Ellen immediately moved her own hand to caress his needy dick.

Bending slightly lower again he hoped Ellen wouldn’t object as a long held dream of his was about to be fulfilled by a woman he now loved and lusted after dearly. Pulling the gusset of Ellen’s pants aside Daniel lowered his body until his head was close to Ellen’s crotch as her legs spread either side of the toilet. Sticking his tongue out he bend his head to the side as he ran his tongue along Ellen’s warm wet vaginal lips, ticking her urethra and moving up towards her clitoris. Captivated by how Ellen’s thighs and legs reacted to this he licked his lips tasting droplets of Ellen’s urine as he repeated the action again a second time. He could have happily continued this repeatedly had it not been for two compelling other things; firstly his own dick was now so swollen and hard and gasping to cum that had he kept licking Ellen he knew he would just explode within seconds, and secondly Ellen’s entire body was now shaking and her gasping words were so distracting.

“Oh God that’s bloody amazing! Don’t leave me like this. I need you to fuck me. Now!”

Standing up Daniel took Ellen’s sweaty hands in his as he pulled her off the toilet and lowered her to the floor. Pulling her wet panties off he wrung them over his hard on as he yanked off his own boxers, accidentally ripping them in his haste. Tossing them aside he climbed on top of Ellen and slid his penis into her quickly and easily as she rocked against him gripping and squeezing him excitedly. This time Ellen climaxed first as Daniel gazed at her pulsating shaking body with her face beaming and her mouth open in sheer bliss. Pumping her harder and fasted he loved how she gasped and sighed contently as her body gave it to the pleasure and beauty of her orgasm as his own climax followed easily afterwards.

Rolling to the side of her on the bathroom floor he leaned over to stroke Ellen’s forehead and kiss her cheek affectionately when he had a thought he had to share.

“This is starting to become a bit of a habit with us. Is this toilet floor number two we’ve fucked in now?”

Ellen’s eyes sparkled and the sweat on her forehead glistened in the light from the ceiling above as she smiled back at Daniel happily.

“3 I think if you include our antics in the Kravchenco cabin and the petrol station on the way home from Dundee. Then there was the meeting room on the ground floor too, though that’s not really a toilet is it?”

“Maybe we should have a second list for meeting rooms? What do you think?”

“Right now I think Celine will be wondering where we both are. We’ve left our phones and laptops unattended too.”

“Oops. I forgot about all that. Can I have one last kiss before we go?”

“I think I can let you have that.”

Daniel didn’t need any more talking as he leaned in towards Ellen and brushed her tender succulent lips against his as he wrapped his hands behind Ellen’s head and kissed her deeply. He adored everything about his girl so much but especially so how she held her pee for so long and sometimes didn’t make it, even having the odd time when she actually released her full bladder with her knickers still on.

*318*2024-01-01 01:18

Ellen’s pleasurable experience

Eager for Daniel like never before Ellen watched as he approached her sitting on the toilet in just her wet pants with his eyes aflame and his penis long and hard. He’d only asked to touch her with her wet panties on but oh how she wanted so much more. Maybe if she could just fondle his dick while he touched her he might be willing to take things further? Shaking in anticipation of his touch it certainly didn’t disappoint as his fingers stroked her through the warm wet material sending electric like pulses surging through her whole body. There was just something so incredibly sexy having peed in panties coming between Daniel’s fingers and her pussy and the sensation was so enhanced and increased when her eyes saw her boyfriend’s bulge stretching his underwear to its max.

When Daniel slid it out from the leg hole of his damp boxers Ellen couldn’t resist reaching down to stroke and admire how hard and ready he felt. The softness, the warmth, and the dampness at its very tip were all so erotic making her hungry and needy on a whole new level. Wondering how to push Daniel that bit further closer to penetration, which she desired so so badly, the blood surged through her veins at high speed as Daniel bent further down now out of reach of her hands as he slid his face between her legs and gently pulled the gusset of her pants aside. Instantly Ellen felt she was about to scream and hit the ceiling as she felt Daniel’s tongue tickle and tease her highly sensitive and very alert vaginal lips, shivering in desire as he wet her G spot, encircled her urethra with his warm wet tongue, then caressed her hard swollen clitoris with his mouth.

Relieved to be open legged over the toilet to keep herself from falling Ellen felt like she was fast disappearing to another world, a utopia of sexual enjoyment, a bliss of orgasmic pleasuring as her body consumed every touch and torment, shaking, rocking, and gasping in abundant longing. Obvious to anything else going on around her Ellen was lost entirely in the dept of happiness and excitement she was feeling as she heard Daniel lick his lips before returning to licking and exploring her most tender areas with his tongue a second time. Even having already experienced how wonderful it was to be explored and examined by Daniel’s long wet tongue already surprisingly the second he touched her again sent double the vibes and current as Ellen submitted totally to everything Daniel was doing as her own mouth trembled in utter wonder of it all.

Needing more like her very next breath Ellen gagged for Daniel to continue as he raised his head from between her sweaty legs and looked up at her smiling. He had to understand how badly she needed him, how urgent her need now was, how necessary it was to reach climax. Struggling to speak through sheer unadulterated pleasure Ellen gasped and spluttered desperate to get Daniel to fuck her.

“Oh God that’s bloody amazing! Don’t leave me like this. I need you to fuck me. Now!”

Pulling her up from the toilet with both his hands Ellen was temped to grab Daniel by his waist and fuck him then and there as her cheeks flushed and adrenaline soared through every part of her as she allowed Daniel to lower her onto the floor. Smiling up at him as he took his sweet time to remove her still soaking pants she tried not to giggle as he twisted them over his own erection as droplets of urine dribbled down his dick and testicles and onto the bathroom floor. As if that wasn’t humerus enough he then pulled his own boxers off so quickly and hard that she heard them rip! Daniel didn’t seem to care one bit though as he threw them aside, bent down over the top of her and immediately entered her just as she’d so longed for him to do from the moment he’d whispered to her that he was desperate to piss and almost wetting himself back at his desk.

The feeling of his thick hard dick inside her pulsating and pounding her powerfully was even greater than her wildest expectations as her body craved his like she’d never experienced before. Forgetting where she was altogether she pushed and pulled and pleasured herself panting with gratification and satisfaction as her entire body reached crescendo blissfully and beautifully. Still thoroughly enjoying the feeling of Daniel throbbing against her Ellen was thrilled to hear and feel him ejaculate powerfully and strongly into her before he rolled onto his side and gazed across at her romantically. Stroking her cheek sweetly and kissing her cheek gently Ellen gazed at Daniel’s face aware than her feelings towards him were deepening slowly but surely.

Seeing him smile and joke about how many toilets they’d made love in now Ellen’s giggled quietly recalling the numerous times they’d succumbed to their desires in bathrooms, meeting rooms, bedrooms and even cabins on the cruise ship they were working on. Each one so special and memorable in its own way she loved how relaxed they both were about it all as they joked about keeping count.

Wishing they could lay there all night looking at the tiled wall and cold flooring Ellen suddenly remembered Celine and their laptops and phones downstairs. They hadn’t even locked the toilet door in their haste to pee and now anyone could possibly walk in and find them naked on the toilet floor in each other’s arms! Pulling her large body up to sitting Ellen looked at her soaking knickers on the floor as she shook her head.

“No point putting those back on is there? I guess I’ll be knickerless for the rest of the day. Good job I was planning on heading home soon anyway.”

Rolling slightly to her side to pull herself to standing Ellen heard Daniel stand up as she turned to see him hold out his own torn boxers.

“Looks like I’ll be doing the same. Is there a bin behind you at all?”

Ellen turned to look before reaching out for Daniel’s damp ripped underwear.

“Just the sanitary bin but that’ll have to do. Here let me slide them in. These things are not as easy as you think to use.”

“Thanks honey. I don’t think I’ve ever went commando, well not in public anyway.”

“Oh it’s fun. I did it once at high school when I had a bit of an accident one day. It was exciting and good fun thinking I had this little secret no one knew about. I don’t do it often but if I’m feeling daring and randy I sometimes do it deliberately. Plus it saves the washing.”

Finishing dressing Ellen pushed open the toilet door as she looked at Daniel now fully dressed, though looking like he’d just finished a round at the gym.

“That reminds me, do you still have my laundry by any chance? I’m down to my last outfit and bra and I slept in just my pants last night as I forgot my nightshirt was in the bin bag I gave you.”

Walking along the corridor to the lifts Daniel reached out for Ellen’s hand as she took it willingly.

“It’s all washed, dried and folded in my car for you. That was only just one machine full though. You must have more clothes than that?”

“Not really. Loads of it got ruined a couple of years ago when I was in that really damp tiny flat I told you about. I was kind of glad though as when I was sofa surfing it was just easier with fewer things. Same when I was sleeping rough for a bit. Now paying rent and gas and electric, and with the cost of food and stuff, new clothing is a luxury. I pick up what I can at charity shops but there’s very few things in my size come in. If I ever win the lottery I can have a big spending spree at Primark or something but for now I’m just grateful for you washing my stuff for me. Thank you.”

“It was nothing darling. So what should we tell Celine if she asks where we were? Look at her on that phone of hers again. At least she’s managing to stand still this time.”

“Let’s just say we needed to go speak to someone shall we? We did sort of see Inna.”

“True. You still thinking of finishing early today then?”

“Yes I think so. I’m keen to get that application finished and I didn’t get a lot of sleep last night. The neighbours were still shouting even when I went to bed.”

“That’s not good. Make sure you tell me before you leave won’t you? I don’t want you going home without your clothes from my car.”

“I will.”

“Hey you two, where have you been? Your phones been ringing non stop Daniel and Yakiv was looking for you Ellen. Something about Mylana not being able to reschedule her next scan for Dundee because they need proof they are moving there.”

“I’ll go look for him now. Victoria was meant to be helping with all that stuff but I’m guessing she’s not around just now. Sorry we disappeared on you Celine. We needed to speak to Inna about something that couldn’t wait.”

*320*2024-01-02 23:45

Daniel’s boss calls again

Ellen was the first to sit up as she looked at her wet pants and laughed about not putting them back on. It was then that Daniel got up himself and went to find his own underpants discovering just how badly he’d ripped them earlier. Now both damp and torn they weren’t fit for anywhere other than the bin as he glanced around looking for one to put them in. The only bin of any sort though was a plastic narrow bin by the toilet that Ellen informed him was a sanitary waste bin. At least Ellen was familiar with it as he handed her his boxers and watched as she disposed of both his pants and her own.

Now forced to go commando Daniel felt exposed, embarrassed but daring. Pulling up his trousers he paused as he heard Ellen talking about a past time when she’d had an accident at high school and left her wet pants in a sanitary bin before. How had he got so lucky to not only have a girlfriend who was beautiful, sexy and intelligent but one who spoke so openly about needing to pee and having accidents? Starting to sweat again as he finished dressing he hoped his skin tone would hide his blushing as Ellen changed to subject quickly onto her laundry. Smiling as he told her that it was now all washed and dried and neatly folded in his car he causally commented on how little clothing it actually was as he felt shocked hearing how little Ellen possessed. He knew her flat had been sparsely furnished but somehow hadn’t expected to hear just how little possessions Ellen truly owned.

Listening to her talking as they walked back towards the lift and waited for it to arrive Daniel felt incredibly grateful for all he had but equally both sympathetic and amazed at Ellen for all she’d been through. As the lift doors opened onto the main ground floor facing reception and the public atrium Daniel suddenly remembered Celine as he panicked about what they should say if she asked where they’d been.

In true Ellen fashion she didn’t seem phased at all as she calmly suggested a feasible answer. Daniel nodded realising they had no time to discuss it any further anyway as they approached the work area and Celine standing by their laptops and mobiles. No sooner had they noticed her when she turned to look at the both curiously. Asking immediately where they’d been Daniel kept quiet allowing Ellen to cover for them both, which of course she did so adeptly and easily. Impressed at how Ellen was able to lie so effortlessly Daniel was still thinking that over when Celine informed him that he’d missed a call. Leaning over to pick up his mobile he checked the screen to see who had phoned and immediately called them back.

Of all the times to have missed a call from Archie! Flustering, and feeling guilty that he had forgotten to take his phone with him, Daniel brushed his clothing down to smarten himself up even though he knew his boss couldn’t actually see him. Caught on the hop it took Daniel a moment to process what the call was about. Keith had been back in contact with him yet again, this time complaining that someone from Glasgow had called the contractors directly instead of going via him and demanding to know who had given out their number. 

Shaking his head in disbelief at the entire situation he looked up at Celine who was busy on the phone herself as he tried to recall if he’d ever given anyone the number for Claypots. Certain he hadn’t he assured his boss of this fact and promised to always go through Keith, even though he resented having to do so. Ending the call he felt like banging his head off a wall in frustration as he noticed Celine’s looking at him strangely. Switching on his laptop he sat down to check sone things feeling the coolness of his trousers directly on his testicles and penis and trying not to be distracted at the fact he had no underwear on.

“Everything ok? You looked like you had steam coming out your ears a moment ago.”

“Just Keith Bryan. That man is a bloody egotist narcissist!”

“What’s he done now?”

“He called my boss complaining about me. I had to attend a meeting with him this morning.”

“Yeah you told me about that. Has he done something else too?”

“He’s been back onto my boss again this afternoon accusing me of giving out the telephone number of the contractor and insisting we all do everything through him. We all know it’s just because he wants to take the credit for it all but Archie Waters thinks he’s the greatest thing since sliced bread!”

“Ah. That was me who called Claypots. Ellen gave me the number because I’m stressed out trying to arrange deliveries of furniture to the flats and Keith wasn’t even answering my calls. I wrote it in my notes as Ellen gave me it. Here it is: Claypots: Douglas McCallister 07741 675 235.”

“When did you call him?”

“Not long ago. Just when I came back from the loo. I’ve got IKEA and Forest Furnishings and couch and bed companies, and even random people on facebook, all wanting to know when they can deliver to the flats. I needed to give them answers. I didn’t mean for you to get in trouble.”

“My guess is Keith was in Tulloch Court when you called and he’s overheard the call. He’ll be fuming that we’re actually doing stuff he isn’t. Have you managed to arrange deliveries now?”

“Yes. Douglas was lovely. He’s going to make sure there’s men there to help offload stuff too. I gave him my number if there’s any problems.”

“Well Keith can just suck it up! I have far too much to be getting on with to be caring about that man’s ego. You’re doing a great job Celine. Thank you.”

*321*2024-01-04 00:46

Ellen’s passionate phone call

Leaving Daniel and Celine and heading straight to the Abrahamovsky’s cabin on the 1st floor Ellen tutted to herself frustrated that once again she was having to deal with something that someone else should have done. Chapping on the cabin door Mylana opened it looking anxious and tired. In her limited English she showed Ellen a letter as Ellen took it and read it.

It was, as Celine had mentioned, a date for the girl’s anomaly scan at the local hospital which was scheduled for the day after they were due to move to Dundee. Understanding the stress this was causing Ellen rang the hospital on her mobile and explained the situation. The secretary was patient but all the system would let her do was cancel the appointment or reschedule. Frustrated Ellen cancelled it since it would be impossible for the couple to attend anyway. Finding all Mylana’s pregnancy notes Ellen scanned through them until she found a number for the community midwives.

Calling them she repeated herself angain explaining the situation, when finally she felt she was making progress when a kind midwife explained the procedure and how the couple would go about transferring their care to Dundee. Scribbling notes down Ellen knew that both Mylana and Yakiv would need support to register at a new GP, get a referral to the local midwife team and then reschedule their scan for Ninewells hospital in Dundee. Worrying, yet again, who would help them both in Dundee like she had done for the last year on the ship Ellen slipped the scribbled note into Mylana’s pregnancy file and reassured her that she’d get a new appointment through soon in Dundee.

She was just about to leave when Yakiv came back and she had to repeat everything to him again. Heading away, finally, back in the direction of the main atrium Ellen then passed Myroslava coming out of the laundry room looking flustered. Stopping to ask how Katya was after being sent home from school the day before Myroslava just shook her head sadly.

“Still being sick so much. I can’t leave her at all, only to wash things and straight back. I can’t even get to canteen to eat!”

Immediately offering to bring some food up to the single mother Ellen rubbed her arm and told her to tell Katya to get better soon as she went straight to the canteen and picked up some food and drink for both Myroslava and her young daughter. Walking back to their cabin with it Ellen couldn’t help but think how inadequate cruise ship living was in situations like that. 

Shared laundry facilities with a sick child, the inability to make something to eat or drink yourself, the difficulty of sleeping in the same bed as a sick child and risking catching it yourself, plus the isolation of being trapped in a small cabin unable to leave or see anyone else. Knocking the cabin door again with a tray of food and drink Ellen wished there was more she could do to help as the door closed and she stood there alone. Glancing at the cabin at the end of the corridor where Diana and Mykhaila had been for the last year Ellen was feeling rather helpless and emotional when her thoughts were interrupted by her mobile ringing.

Pulling her phone out of her bag she answered it cheerfully, as she always did, not recognising the voice on the other end at all. Introducing himself as Julian Warwickshire from Dundee City Council Ellen was even more curious what the call was in relation to. Apparently he was calling her about an earlier call she’d made in relation to a job as a caretaker. Now more keen than ever to hear what this person was saying Ellen walked towards the theatre, found the door unlocked and went inside for some privacy. Sitting on one of the seats where just the week before all the ships residents had sat listening as Daniel presented the plans to move everyone to Dundee she listened avidly to what Julian was saying.

He’d been passed her details, and her comments on everything, from one of his colleagues and he seemed very interested in Ellen’s current job and her experience of working with the refugees. Losing herself quickly in her enthusiasm to share about all the amazing individuals she loved working with and supported Ellen realised she was talking way too much as she paused and apologised. Unfazed, Julian explained how they had set a closing date for a month’s time as Ellen immediately jumped in to ask how the refugees were meant to manage up until then.

Without naming names or breaking confidentiality she cited a young couple who were already now moved who had a baby due any day and another couple who were approximately 20 weeks into their first pregnancy who needed to urgently find a new GP surgery as soon as they moved to arrange a transfer of their medical care. Questioning Julian how either of these couples, with their lack of knowledge of the area and limited English, would possibly manage without support Ellen knew she was becoming more passionate and heated as she thought about so many of the refugees and the various ways they would need help.

Julian appeared to listen, though Ellen wasn’t giving him much choice in that anyway, as he made agreeable noises as she went on about the children having to start schools and nurseries and everyone needing to know where local facilities were like supermarkets, public transport, hospitals, doctors, and dentists, and support to manage their money after a year of having so much provided for them. Finally allowing Julian to get a word in Ellen shook her head in disbelief and annoyance as he started talking about charities working with them, staff from social security visiting once a a week and a number for the contractor being pinned onto a notice board! Disgusted at all of those things Ellen did her best to remain calm as she reminded Julian just how many people were moving and the inadequacies of once a week visits, relying on poorly funded and stretched charities, and the fact most of the refugees wouldn’t even be able to read the word ‘ contractor’ let alone know who they were.

Ready to give up Ellen stood up to stretch her legs when Julian ended the call by simply asking her if she was still interested in the job. Practically biting off Julian’s arm Ellen almost screamed an emphatic ‘yes!’ when Julian asked if she was free on Friday that week. Readily agreeing, despite not having a minute to check her calendar on her phone, Ellen felt unbelievably happy when Julian said he’d email her a link for a virtual interview before double checking her email address.

Walking out the theatre with her head held high Ellen resumed her walk back to the ground floor excited to share her news with Celine and Daniel. Sure it was only an interview, but it was a start.

Alone in the lift Ellen’s mind drifted back to dressing the window of the charity shop in the city centre on Saturday in the lashing rain and Margot telling her to do what was in her heart and not live to regret anything. As much as she hated the thought of leaving Margot, and now Daniel too, she knew she’d always regret it if she didn’t at least apply for the caretakers job.

Maybe Daniel was right in what he said on the day they travelled over to first see the flats. Despite her protests he’d insisted that Dundee wasn’t actually far away at all. It wasn’t like she wasn’t used to moving either. This time though, if she got the job, she’d be moving all on her own. As scary as that was she still couldn’t help feeling really excited about possibly getting to work with the refugees again and maybe even getting to meet baby Mishura after all.

*322*2024-01-05 01:11

Daniel hears Ellen’s good news

Letting Celine get on with work Daniel returned to his own laptop and was engrossed in work himself when Ellen eventually returned looking excited and energised. Glad to see her looking much happier than she was earlier that day Daniel looked over the top of laptop and smiled warmly at her.

“You’ll never guess what guys! I’ve only gone and got myself an interview for the caretaker’s position in Dundee! It’s on Friday too…this Friday!”

Watching as Celine ran out from her desk to hug her friend excitedly Daniel couldn’t help but feel a little jealous. Ellen seemed so relaxed around Celine, who was a naturally touchy feely type person, yet so reserved around him still, at least in public. Deciding he needed to congratulate Ellen himself he got off his seat and walked closer to her wondering how she might respond. To his delight though as soon as Celine let her go she stepped closer to him beaming and threw her arms around him, much to his amazement. Taking the bull by the horns he pushed things further still and kissed Ellen on the lips expecting her to pull away. Instead she kissed him back which made his heart sing.

“I’m so proud of you Ellen. I knew you could do it. Now have you any idea what they are going to ask? Have you got an up to date CV? Have you to go to Dundee?”

“Emmm…it’s online so I don’t need to go anywhere. Though I’m not sure doing it here would work what with all the distractions and lack of privacy. I haven’t a clue what they will ask but they already know what I’m doing here. As for a CV, I wouldn’t know where to start! Why would they want that?”

“It’s standard to have one and most employers like to keep one on record in order to check up any references or see your previous work experience and stuff. I’d get one written up if I was you. And I agree that this isn’t really a suitable place for an interview…unless you maybe use one of the private meeting rooms?

“I suppose I could ask about a meeting room.”

Turning to see Celine join in the conversation Daniel was curious what she was going to add.

“What about what you will wear? I mean I know they’ll probably only see your top half on screen but first appearances really matter, don’t they Daniel? You need to make an impression Ellen. Wow them from the very start.”

Aware how little clothing Ellen had, since most of it was in a bin bag in his car right at that moment, Daniel watched on helplessly as Ellen looked at her friend awkwardly. Celine was right though; Ellen really did need to make an impression, even more so with it being done virtually. Desperate to rescue Ellen without embarrassing her Daniel rubbed her arm affectionately as he spoke.

“There’s plenty time for that yet. Maybe we could have a wee look in the shops after work? I know you were thinking of leaving a bit earlier today anyway. I can come with you if you’d like some help choosing?”

Lowering his eyebrows at Celine as she laughed and commented Daniel did actually wonder if she could read his mind or if she was just joking.

“I wouldn’t let Daniel choose if I were you Ellen. He’d probably have you in a low neck top with your boobs spilling out or some strapless dress that would make them think you were not even wearing a bra! I might have said first impressions really count but you don’t want them thinking you’re a stripper or slut do you?”

Hearing Ellen laugh at her friend’s comment Daniel felt his heart jump. The magic of Ellen’s hearty natural laugh seemed to get him every time as he found himself picturing Ellen on camera with a low neck top with her vast breasts hanging out. Ellen’s laughter seemed to lure others too as Aran walked past smiling looking at Ellen and Celine.

“Nice to see people enjoying their work eh!”

“Oh Aran! Aran! Guess what! I’ve only just gone and got myself an interview for the caretaker’s job at Tulloch Court! I might actually get to stay with the refugees and help them for longer! “

“Oh that’s bloody brilliant news! Go you! So when are you leaving us? I was starting to think you’d still be on here when it sailed away too! Well done!”

“I’ve not got the job yet. Actually I saw it advertised online. Would you believe they set the closing date for a full month after the refugees arrived! I called them up earlier today as I was sure that was a mistake, but apparently not. What idiot thought that was right? Hey I know let’s send over 100 vulnerable refugees miles away to another local authority to a city they don’t know and leave them to it for a month while we piss about waiting for people to apply for a job to support them! Then we’ll wait even more weeks to organise interviews and all that crap meanwhile there’s kid’s not in school, families not getting their benefits, people who have forgotten how to look after themselves and traumatised individuals locking themselves in their flats 24/7. I can tell you I wasn’t holding back when I spoke to them earlier. To say I have been unimpressed by Dundee City council so far is putting it mildly.”

“Seriously? A month after they arrive? That’s shocking!”

“You are my witness Daniel aren’t you? You saw the advert too.”

“I did and she’s right. I mean I understand things take time to put in place. I work for the council so I ought to know. But that was out of order really.”

“When I pressed them on it the guy I spoke to at the council, Julian something or other, said that charities and public bodies would support them all in the interim period. It’s a wonder you didn’t all hear me laughing down here! To be honest I reckon they’re interviewing me just to shut me up but if they think I will be quiet even if I don’t get the job then they are sadly mistaken.”

“They obviously don’t know you Ellen. Sorry guys but I must dash. I have a meeting to attend. Let me know how you get on Ellen. They’d be crazy to let you go!”

Feeling blessed at how supported Ellen was Daniel placed an arm around her shoulder smiling at her.

“I’m so proud of you Ellen. I promise not to get you to buy a dropped neck top with your boobs hanging out, or even a topless dress, if you still want me to come with you to get something new for your interview? I could help you get a CV made too if you’d like? Oh and don’t forget I have that bag of yours in my car still?”

Watching as Ellen checked the time on her watch Daniel moved his arm away as he waited on a reply.

“I might just head away just now actually. I need to go to the supermarket so I could look in there for something I guess. I was kind of thinking to just wear something I already have. Can I come out and get that bag from your car?”

Still hoping to go with Ellen Daniel packed his laptop away as Ellen grabbed her things. Waving to Celine, who was on the phone again, Daniel followed behind Ellen out towards reception and down the gangway into the cold carpark. Seeing children coming back from school he guessed it must be around 3:30pm as he pressed to unlock his car and get the bin bag of clothes for Ellen.

*323*2024-01-06 00:51

Ellen shared her news then leaves the ship

Walking past the reception desk Ellen saw Daniel and Celine easily as they sat side by side working. Almost running towards them in her excitement she announced to them both enthusiastically the news of her impending interview. She could have predicted Celine’s response as she dropped everything and hugged her warmly. They’d grown closer to each other over the last year and Ellen had come to depend on her positivity, her warmth and her energy more than she’d realised. Wrapping her arms around the taller girl she embraced her fully, overcome with excitement and emotion.

Seeing Daniel out of the corner of her eye she expected him before the trip to Dundee to have previously just shaken her hand and congratulated her but now she could tell from his glowing eyes and itching body that he wanted so much more. She was so glad of his support though, so thankful for his encouragement and friendship and his steadfast belief in her, that when he made a move to hug her too as Celine let her go she readily embraced him back, no longer caring who might see them. Feeling a strange euphoria from the liberating feeling of no longer hiding her attraction to Daniel she held him close and happily kissed him back when he bent down to kiss her first. His lips felt so soft against hers, so warm and welcoming and perfect.

Then his questions started: Where was the interview? What might they ask? Was her CV up to date? It was all a bit overwhelming and a big come down from the excitement of just thinking she was having an interview for a job she’d wanted ever since she first walked into the tower block. Still she understood Celine and Daniel’s curiosity as she did her upmost to answer them to the best of her ability.

All was going well until Celine started talking about clothes. Sure she had every intention of looking smart, but did she really have to buy something new just for one interview? Knowing the wage she’d just received would be her final full months wage she was reluctant to waste any of it, especially if she needed to possibly factor in moving costs to Dundee if she was successful at interview. Nervous, and keen for the conversation to move on, Ellen couldn’t help but laugh though when Celine joked about the skimpy clothing Daniel might want her to wear. Imagining herself in a low cut top with her breasts on show, or even worse, a strapless dress that fell down her arms with every movement she made Ellen chuckled loudly at the lunacy of it. She might really want the job but she wasn’t ever going to use her body to make a scene, especially to people she might later end up working with!

Thankfully Aran saved the day as he seemed to appear from nowhere at that point and Ellen quickly changed the subject to update him on her news. As always he too was supportive and encouraging and happy for her, though by the way he was talking it seemed he felt it was a given she’d get the job!

Sharing with her three colleagues about how she’d found the advert for the position and her disgust as it’s late closing date Ellen passionately ranted as she updated them all on her calls to Dundee that day and her worries at the refugees being left without support. As Ellen expected they all 100% agreed with her making Ellen feel justified in her phone call rants to Dundee council. Nodding to Aran as he excused himself for a meeting Ellen knew her mind was way too full of things to be able to get any work done. She hated leaving early and would far rather stay on the ship until late into the evening, but she had so much to do at home, not least buy herself some food, and she felt she needed time alone to mentally prepare for her up and coming interview.

Daniel, on the other hand, seemed determined to leave with her and hinted several times about helping her buy new clothes for the interview, something she was very much hoping to avoid. But she needed her clean clothes from his car so she was happy enough that he was following her out to the carpark at least. The cold early October afternoon air hit Ellen sharply as she shivered heading towards her car. Unlocking her car she hoped Daniel would bring the bag of clothes to her, which he did, as she noticed him approaching her as she turned around.

“I didn’t have time to iron it all but it’s folded in the bag so shouldn’t be too creased.”

“Thank you. How much do I owe you for washing powder and your electricity? Will £5 cover it?”

“I don’t want a penny Ellen. I don’t mind doing your washing anytime. Honestly. So where are you off to now? You sure I can’t help you find a nice top for Friday?”

“I’m just going to pop into the big Sainsbury’s here on my way back home. I usually just go to Lidl but they don’t have the same selection of stuff and I really need to stock up my fridge and freezer. I can’t keep buying Chinese take aways all the time can I?”

“I suppose not but that was a delicious one last night if I’m honest. You know the clothing in Sainsbury’s is actually really good quality and reasonably priced too. My mum loves their stuff. Actually I think I might head there myself and have a look. I’m sure they’ll have a nice blouse or top that would make you look amazing for an interview. What size are you again?”

Getting flashbacks to the numerous foster carers who insisted on buying her new clothing she hated and that often didn’t even fit well and was usually way too tight, Ellen felt her anxiety increasing quickly. Grabbing the bag from Daniel she knew she just needed to get away.

“Look thanks for my washing but I really do want to go now. I’m perfectly capable of finding my own clothes for the interview thank you Daniel. Now if you don’t mind I’d really like to get away now. I’ll catch up on work later tonight so no need to hassle me about leaving early. You know I’m good for the hours. I’ll text you later ok?”

Pecking a stunned looking Daniel on the cheek Ellen put the bin bag on the passenger seat and closed the door. Getting into the driver’s seat she left Daniel standing as she closed her door, put her belt on and started her engine. She knew Daniel was only wanting to help her but he needed to learn to not smother her or mother her. She’s had more than enough of that over the years from well meaning foster carers who always thought they knew what she needed better than she did. Right now she needed space, both physically and mentally, and Daniel just needed to accept that.

Driving the short distance to the supermarket she thought about Mykhaila yet again wondering if she too was feeling lost and alone in a system that had been broken for so many years. She wasn’t sure she’d ever shake the guilt of what happened to her as she prayed that her carers were kind understanding people who would actually support her whatever happened to her mum. Glad to be alone she parked into a free space and went looking for a trolley.

She’d got this far in life all by herself. Now she just needed to push herself that bit more to fight for the job she really wanted. No way would she leave those refugees without anyone to help them whatever it took.

*324*2024-01-08 15:15

Gave my bladder a rest for a couple of days but will post the next chapter tonight

*325*2024-01-09 00:05

Daniel’s shopping trip

Seeing Ellen at her car Daniel took the bin bag and headed over towards her. Still hinting at going somewhere to get her an outfit for her interview he couldn’t help but comment when Ellen mentioned she was going to Sainsbury’s. Having taken his mum there before he knew that their clothing range, while limited, was decent quality. Without giving it much thought he asked Ellen what size she was, immediately regretting it when her demeanour changed and she went frosty and snappy. How could he have been so stupid as to ask any lady what size clothing she wore?

Angry at himself he watched helplessly as Ellen grabbed the bag off him, got into her car and drove away leaving him standing in shock watching her car disappear in front of his eyes. Eventually walking back to his own car, alone and angry at himself, he felt so ashamed of himself for being such an idiot and upsetting Ellen. Heading home shame faced he parked in his garage, as always, and entered his house via the back door. Filling the kettle he made himself a coffee to calm down as he popped upstairs to hang his suits up that he’d picked up from the cleaners earlier that morning.

Opening his wardrobe to hang them up he briefly noticed the small shelf he’d cleared the week before for Ellen when she stayed over. Noticing she still had a couple of items sitting there he secretly checked the label of one for its size then folded it back up and closed the wardrobe again. Going back to the kitchen he finally made then drank his coffee whilst reading the news on his laptop, still feeling restless and upset at himself for having clearly upset Ellen.

Taking his empty mug to the sink to wash it up Daniel looked out the kitchen window to his garage thinking. He hated how he felt at that moment and wished more than anything that he could talk to Ellen and sort things out. Unable to concentrate on work he closed his laptop down and made a spur of the moment decision. Grabbing his coat he abandoned his computer and walked back across to his garage determined to make amends any way he could. Heading back in the direction of the port he detoured slightly and turned into Sainsbury’s car park, feeling anxious already about venturing into a busy supermarket.

Thankfully he knew the clothing was right near the front as he veered towards the ladies ware avoiding the underwear at all costs. Staring at jumpers and blouses idly he tried picturing Ellen in his mind as he looked behind for her size. Frustratingly none of the items appeared to go up to her size as he looked around anxiously and moved to another aisle. Filled with jeans, trousers and leggings he moved to the first rail and slid the items to the front. Searching right to the back he again stepped back thinking his trip was fruitless and his time had been wasted. Deciding to try just one last aisle he turned the corner worried he might accidentally find himself faced with lingerie, but instead finding a mixed selection of tops, skirts dresses and trousers. Wondering why the items were so mixed up compared to the previous aisles he picked up the first item he saw and smiled at the label on the hanger: ‘Plus size’.

Feeling more relaxed Daniel stood facing the tops and jumpers as he searched for something suitable for an interview. Settling for a fitted tight knit plain black roll neck jumper he turned around to look at the trousers and skirts and dresses. Seeing a manikin wearing the very jumper he now held in his hand with a contrasting flowery skirt he immediately looked for the very skirt and found it in Ellen’s size. Waking briskly to the self checkout he was about to join the queue when he heard someone calling him. Turning he saw a lady he recognised, though he couldn’t quite place her name or where he knew her from. As she approached him smiling he smiled back dearly hoping she might introduce herself.

“Mr Omari? You remember me? My little girl, she still so happy what you did for us. Thank you!”

Realising now that it was one of the hundreds of people he’d found permanent accommodation for from the cruise ship he smiled back at the lady and nodded.

“Only doing my job mam. Are you all well?”

“Yes. Yes. Maxim now work. He work in store, put things on shelves. He get drugs from doctor too now. Solomia do good at school now. She have friends. She happy. Thank you. You help us lots.”

“That’s great to hear. I hope you all continue to do well here. It was so lovely to see you again.”

“Yes. Mr Omari. Thank you. It nice here. We happy here.”

“That’s so good to hear. I’d better let you get on. Thanks for saying hi.”

Turning to the self checkout Daniel walked towards the tills and scanned the clothing in his hand. Taking the printed receipt he headed back to his car still thinking of Ellen and how she would have immediately known the ladies name who he’d just spoken to. She was so amazing like that, knowing everyone by name and remembering so much about them. It really was much more than a job for her.

Placing the clothing neatly on the passenger seat Daniel longed to see Ellen more than ever. Glancing over at the skirt and jumper he made another sudden decision: he was going to go straight to Ellen’s to gift her the clothing right away. It wasn’t just that he wanted her to look smart for her interview the day after next but more than anything he wanted to apologise, to tell her how special she was and how much he admired her. His heart broke at the thought of her possibly moving to Dundee but he knew deep down that she lived for helping the refugees and she’d make the best caretaker ever.

*327*2024-01-09 11:48

{{2 hours ago, Breepee said:

Oh yes, you mainly write these while you need to go don’t you?

Very impressive motivation!

Have you ever been writing and so desperate you’ve had to stop writing and pee? Or have you always managed to hold it?

}}

Once or twice in a long chapter or one that involves me looking back for names or information yes I have had to rush off to pee especially as I drink copious amounts of water to keep my brain working. Mostly I just about manage to hold until the end but there’s been many many very close calls and lots of damp pants!

