The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 13

Author: Mbgpeelover

*315*2023-12-30 00:46

What peeing leads to…again

All Ellen did was nod but that was all Daniel needed as he hurriedly pushed down the lid of his laptop, let go of Ellen’s arm and walked single-mindedly behind her, concentrating so hard to hold his bladder at bay just a few minutes more.

With tunnel vision his eyes remained focused entirely on the back of Ellen Hemmingdale as her bottom wiggled beautifully and her hips swayed sexily. Desperately thinking arousing thoughts, which always came easily when he was with Ellen anyway, he clambered through the atrium towards the lifts behind Ellen as he watched her glance towards the toilets before pressing for the lift. Amazingly the lift doors opened almost instantly as Ellen rushed in and he stepped in immediately behind her. Letting Ellen press for the 1st floor he bent over grabbing himself facing the back of the lift hoping no one but Ellen could see him. As the lift announced its usual warning to keep clear of the doors he heard Ellen’s voice over the speaker as she moaned and muttered about how desperate she was. Turning slightly to see her holding her own crotch he felt safe at last to express his own struggle.

“I’m barely holding on here!”

It was the truth and even as the doors opened and he stepped out Daniel seriously wondered if he would ever make it to the toilet on time. Following behind Ellen, who was speed walking more than he’d ever really witnessed her doing before, he was aware of the noise of a toddler running towards them as he looked up to see Ellen almost walk into the child. With a hand in his pocket squeezing his trembling penis hard Daniel gasped at the thought of even another seconds delay. It was absolutely critical that he kept moving, kept holding, as the toilet was now in sight at last.

Thankfully Ellen brushed the child and his mother off speedily as Daniel kept close behind her as she edged ever closer to the bathroom he’d used with Ellen before. Just thinking about it made him leak though as he breathed in and held his breath, somehow praying that that would help him hold his bladder too. Seeing Ellen push the door open to the single cubicle in the corridor Daniel massaged the tip of his penis through his pocket aware that it was already wet and full of urine. Catching the door before it swung closed he stepped into the small toilet and turned at the noise that tormented and aroused him greatly in equal measure. Looking up to see Ellen’s fuller body sprawled over the only toilet something incredible caught his eye as his attention was momentarily taken away from his dick. That was all it took for more urine to seep out into his boxers as he quickly grabbed himself clumsily as he blurted out tearfully,

“It’s leaking! I’m leaking!”

Beyond controlling himself with the noise of Ellen’s loud and powerful pee echoing in his ear he squirmed around like a young child until Ellen pointed and suggested he use the sink. Barely even pausing for a breath he unzipped to release his spurting penis as he stepped closer to the small sink and aimed his release down the plug hole. Delighted to be free from the confines of his clothing he felt his dick rising and snaking as he held it firmly down to avoid spraying everywhere like an out of control firehouse.

The sense of release was heavenly as slowly Daniel felt his bladder subsiding and relaxing after hours of tension and stress. With his mouth open and his eyes half closed he breathed deeply and slowly at the absolute high of finally getting to piss. In awe at how much was pouring out of his own body Daniel looked down at his own hand as a strong stream continued to flow into the sink. Trying to imagine just how much he’d been holding amazed and thrilled him as his attention drifted back to Ellen as he winked at her and smiled.

He’d noticed when he first walked into the toilet that she still had her pants on and the sight had sent his sexual organs into overdrive. Now though, looking at her with her twinkling eyes and flushed cheeks, he wondered if she had realised what had happened herself. Looking down at her pants he raised his eyes back up to Ellen’s as he commented causally on the fact she still had her underpants on. Shaking the last of his piss out of his dick into the sink he looked back at Ellen overcome with lust for her as she took her large hand and rubbed her own soaking wet knickers against her vagina as she smiled at him half laughing.

Her coolness about what she’d just done was so erotic and her words saying that they were already wet anyway almost made Daniel cum then and there as his penis grew quickly and thickened readily. Keen to check how his own clothing had fared, given how he’d felt himself leak several times, he was pleased to see his trousers only had a small wet spot even though his boxers were much wetter. Automatically tucking his hard on into his wet underwear and trousers he pulled the fabric to draw it together then zipped and fasted himself up. Looking over towards Ellen he saw that she was trying to step out of her leggings, so she could presumably remove her soaking dripping wet pants, when his lower lip trembled with passion as he quietly walked closer to Ellen and asked her if he could touch her wet pants before she took them off.

Still unsure what she might say Daniel walked open mouthed and trembling nearer her as she pulled her leggings off her ankles then flopped back onto the toilet with her legs sprawled either side, still with her peed in panties still on. Hearing her adorable child like giggle and her enticing words saying with both her eyes and mouth that he was to ‘come get her’, Daniel unclipped his trousers instantly and pulled them to the floor. Stepping over them whist staring intently into Ellen’s drawing eyes he bent down with his arm and reached between Ellen’s beautiful broad legs. Stroking slowing and relishing the warmth and soddenness of the material Daniel beckoned Ellen’s pussy with his fingers as his own penis stretched the material of his boxers to its limit. Using his other hand he pulled the leg of his underwear aside to release his erection as Ellen immediately moved her own hand to caress his needy dick.

Bending slightly lower again he hoped Ellen wouldn’t object as a long held dream of his was about to be fulfilled by a woman he now loved and lusted after dearly. Pulling the gusset of Ellen’s pants aside Daniel lowered his body until his head was close to Ellen’s crotch as her legs spread either side of the toilet. Sticking his tongue out he bend his head to the side as he ran his tongue along Ellen’s warm wet vaginal lips, ticking her urethra and moving up towards her clitoris. Captivated by how Ellen’s thighs and legs reacted to this he licked his lips tasting droplets of Ellen’s urine as he repeated the action again a second time. He could have happily continued this repeatedly had it not been for two compelling other things; firstly his own dick was now so swollen and hard and gasping to cum that had he kept licking Ellen he knew he would just explode within seconds, and secondly Ellen’s entire body was now shaking and her gasping words were so distracting.

“Oh God that’s bloody amazing! Don’t leave me like this. I need you to fuck me. Now!”

Standing up Daniel took Ellen’s sweaty hands in his as he pulled her off the toilet and lowered her to the floor. Pulling her wet panties off he wrung them over his hard on as he yanked off his own boxers, accidentally ripping them in his haste. Tossing them aside he climbed on top of Ellen and slid his penis into her quickly and easily as she rocked against him gripping and squeezing him excitedly. This time Ellen climaxed first as Daniel gazed at her pulsating shaking body with her face beaming and her mouth open in sheer bliss. Pumping her harder and fasted he loved how she gasped and sighed contently as her body gave it to the pleasure and beauty of her orgasm as his own climax followed easily afterwards.

Rolling to the side of her on the bathroom floor he leaned over to stroke Ellen’s forehead and kiss her cheek affectionately when he had a thought he had to share.

“This is starting to become a bit of a habit with us. Is this toilet floor number two we’ve fucked in now?”

Ellen’s eyes sparkled and the sweat on her forehead glistened in the light from the ceiling above as she smiled back at Daniel happily.

“3 I think if you include our antics in the Kravchenco cabin and the petrol station on the way home from Dundee. Then there was the meeting room on the ground floor too, though that’s not really a toilet is it?”

“Maybe we should have a second list for meeting rooms? What do you think?”

“Right now I think Celine will be wondering where we both are. We’ve left our phones and laptops unattended too.”

“Oops. I forgot about all that. Can I have one last kiss before we go?”

“I think I can let you have that.”

Daniel didn’t need any more talking as he leaned in towards Ellen and brushed her tender succulent lips against his as he wrapped his hands behind Ellen’s head and kissed her deeply. He adored everything about his girl so much but especially so how she held her pee for so long and sometimes didn’t make it, even having the odd time when she actually released her full bladder with her knickers still on.

*318*2024-01-01 01:18

Ellen’s pleasurable experience

Eager for Daniel like never before Ellen watched as he approached her sitting on the toilet in just her wet pants with his eyes aflame and his penis long and hard. He’d only asked to touch her with her wet panties on but oh how she wanted so much more. Maybe if she could just fondle his dick while he touched her he might be willing to take things further? Shaking in anticipation of his touch it certainly didn’t disappoint as his fingers stroked her through the warm wet material sending electric like pulses surging through her whole body. There was just something so incredibly sexy having peed in panties coming between Daniel’s fingers and her pussy and the sensation was so enhanced and increased when her eyes saw her boyfriend’s bulge stretching his underwear to its max.

When Daniel slid it out from the leg hole of his damp boxers Ellen couldn’t resist reaching down to stroke and admire how hard and ready he felt. The softness, the warmth, and the dampness at its very tip were all so erotic making her hungry and needy on a whole new level. Wondering how to push Daniel that bit further closer to penetration, which she desired so so badly, the blood surged through her veins at high speed as Daniel bent further down now out of reach of her hands as he slid his face between her legs and gently pulled the gusset of her pants aside. Instantly Ellen felt she was about to scream and hit the ceiling as she felt Daniel’s tongue tickle and tease her highly sensitive and very alert vaginal lips, shivering in desire as he wet her G spot, encircled her urethra with his warm wet tongue, then caressed her hard swollen clitoris with his mouth.

Relieved to be open legged over the toilet to keep herself from falling Ellen felt like she was fast disappearing to another world, a utopia of sexual enjoyment, a bliss of orgasmic pleasuring as her body consumed every touch and torment, shaking, rocking, and gasping in abundant longing. Obvious to anything else going on around her Ellen was lost entirely in the dept of happiness and excitement she was feeling as she heard Daniel lick his lips before returning to licking and exploring her most tender areas with his tongue a second time. Even having already experienced how wonderful it was to be explored and examined by Daniel’s long wet tongue already surprisingly the second he touched her again sent double the vibes and current as Ellen submitted totally to everything Daniel was doing as her own mouth trembled in utter wonder of it all.

Needing more like her very next breath Ellen gagged for Daniel to continue as he raised his head from between her sweaty legs and looked up at her smiling. He had to understand how badly she needed him, how urgent her need now was, how necessary it was to reach climax. Struggling to speak through sheer unadulterated pleasure Ellen gasped and spluttered desperate to get Daniel to fuck her.

“Oh God that’s bloody amazing! Don’t leave me like this. I need you to fuck me. Now!”

Pulling her up from the toilet with both his hands Ellen was temped to grab Daniel by his waist and fuck him then and there as her cheeks flushed and adrenaline soared through every part of her as she allowed Daniel to lower her onto the floor. Smiling up at him as he took his sweet time to remove her still soaking pants she tried not to giggle as he twisted them over his own erection as droplets of urine dribbled down his dick and testicles and onto the bathroom floor. As if that wasn’t humerus enough he then pulled his own boxers off so quickly and hard that she heard them rip! Daniel didn’t seem to care one bit though as he threw them aside, bent down over the top of her and immediately entered her just as she’d so longed for him to do from the moment he’d whispered to her that he was desperate to piss and almost wetting himself back at his desk.

The feeling of his thick hard dick inside her pulsating and pounding her powerfully was even greater than her wildest expectations as her body craved his like she’d never experienced before. Forgetting where she was altogether she pushed and pulled and pleasured herself panting with gratification and satisfaction as her entire body reached crescendo blissfully and beautifully. Still thoroughly enjoying the feeling of Daniel throbbing against her Ellen was thrilled to hear and feel him ejaculate powerfully and strongly into her before he rolled onto his side and gazed across at her romantically. Stroking her cheek sweetly and kissing her cheek gently Ellen gazed at Daniel’s face aware than her feelings towards him were deepening slowly but surely.

Seeing him smile and joke about how many toilets they’d made love in now Ellen’s giggled quietly recalling the numerous times they’d succumbed to their desires in bathrooms, meeting rooms, bedrooms and even cabins on the cruise ship they were working on. Each one so special and memorable in its own way she loved how relaxed they both were about it all as they joked about keeping count.

Wishing they could lay there all night looking at the tiled wall and cold flooring Ellen suddenly remembered Celine and their laptops and phones downstairs. They hadn’t even locked the toilet door in their haste to pee and now anyone could possibly walk in and find them naked on the toilet floor in each other’s arms! Pulling her large body up to sitting Ellen looked at her soaking knickers on the floor as she shook her head.

“No point putting those back on is there? I guess I’ll be knickerless for the rest of the day. Good job I was planning on heading home soon anyway.”

Rolling slightly to her side to pull herself to standing Ellen heard Daniel stand up as she turned to see him hold out his own torn boxers.

“Looks like I’ll be doing the same. Is there a bin behind you at all?”

Ellen turned to look before reaching out for Daniel’s damp ripped underwear.

“Just the sanitary bin but that’ll have to do. Here let me slide them in. These things are not as easy as you think to use.”

“Thanks honey. I don’t think I’ve ever went commando, well not in public anyway.”

“Oh it’s fun. I did it once at high school when I had a bit of an accident one day. It was exciting and good fun thinking I had this little secret no one knew about. I don’t do it often but if I’m feeling daring and randy I sometimes do it deliberately. Plus it saves the washing.”

Finishing dressing Ellen pushed open the toilet door as she looked at Daniel now fully dressed, though looking like he’d just finished a round at the gym.

“That reminds me, do you still have my laundry by any chance? I’m down to my last outfit and bra and I slept in just my pants last night as I forgot my nightshirt was in the bin bag I gave you.”

Walking along the corridor to the lifts Daniel reached out for Ellen’s hand as she took it willingly.

“It’s all washed, dried and folded in my car for you. That was only just one machine full though. You must have more clothes than that?”

“Not really. Loads of it got ruined a couple of years ago when I was in that really damp tiny flat I told you about. I was kind of glad though as when I was sofa surfing it was just easier with fewer things. Same when I was sleeping rough for a bit. Now paying rent and gas and electric, and with the cost of food and stuff, new clothing is a luxury. I pick up what I can at charity shops but there’s very few things in my size come in. If I ever win the lottery I can have a big spending spree at Primark or something but for now I’m just grateful for you washing my stuff for me. Thank you.”

“It was nothing darling. So what should we tell Celine if she asks where we were? Look at her on that phone of hers again. At least she’s managing to stand still this time.”

“Let’s just say we needed to go speak to someone shall we? We did sort of see Inna.”

“True. You still thinking of finishing early today then?”

“Yes I think so. I’m keen to get that application finished and I didn’t get a lot of sleep last night. The neighbours were still shouting even when I went to bed.”

“That’s not good. Make sure you tell me before you leave won’t you? I don’t want you going home without your clothes from my car.”

“I will.”

“Hey you two, where have you been? Your phones been ringing non stop Daniel and Yakiv was looking for you Ellen. Something about Mylana not being able to reschedule her next scan for Dundee because they need proof they are moving there.”

“I’ll go look for him now. Victoria was meant to be helping with all that stuff but I’m guessing she’s not around just now. Sorry we disappeared on you Celine. We needed to speak to Inna about something that couldn’t wait.”

*320*2024-01-02 23:45

Daniel’s boss calls again

Ellen was the first to sit up as she looked at her wet pants and laughed about not putting them back on. It was then that Daniel got up himself and went to find his own underpants discovering just how badly he’d ripped them earlier. Now both damp and torn they weren’t fit for anywhere other than the bin as he glanced around looking for one to put them in. The only bin of any sort though was a plastic narrow bin by the toilet that Ellen informed him was a sanitary waste bin. At least Ellen was familiar with it as he handed her his boxers and watched as she disposed of both his pants and her own.

Now forced to go commando Daniel felt exposed, embarrassed but daring. Pulling up his trousers he paused as he heard Ellen talking about a past time when she’d had an accident at high school and left her wet pants in a sanitary bin before. How had he got so lucky to not only have a girlfriend who was beautiful, sexy and intelligent but one who spoke so openly about needing to pee and having accidents? Starting to sweat again as he finished dressing he hoped his skin tone would hide his blushing as Ellen changed to subject quickly onto her laundry. Smiling as he told her that it was now all washed and dried and neatly folded in his car he causally commented on how little clothing it actually was as he felt shocked hearing how little Ellen possessed. He knew her flat had been sparsely furnished but somehow hadn’t expected to hear just how little possessions Ellen truly owned.

Listening to her talking as they walked back towards the lift and waited for it to arrive Daniel felt incredibly grateful for all he had but equally both sympathetic and amazed at Ellen for all she’d been through. As the lift doors opened onto the main ground floor facing reception and the public atrium Daniel suddenly remembered Celine as he panicked about what they should say if she asked where they’d been.

In true Ellen fashion she didn’t seem phased at all as she calmly suggested a feasible answer. Daniel nodded realising they had no time to discuss it any further anyway as they approached the work area and Celine standing by their laptops and mobiles. No sooner had they noticed her when she turned to look at the both curiously. Asking immediately where they’d been Daniel kept quiet allowing Ellen to cover for them both, which of course she did so adeptly and easily. Impressed at how Ellen was able to lie so effortlessly Daniel was still thinking that over when Celine informed him that he’d missed a call. Leaning over to pick up his mobile he checked the screen to see who had phoned and immediately called them back.

Of all the times to have missed a call from Archie! Flustering, and feeling guilty that he had forgotten to take his phone with him, Daniel brushed his clothing down to smarten himself up even though he knew his boss couldn’t actually see him. Caught on the hop it took Daniel a moment to process what the call was about. Keith had been back in contact with him yet again, this time complaining that someone from Glasgow had called the contractors directly instead of going via him and demanding to know who had given out their number. 

Shaking his head in disbelief at the entire situation he looked up at Celine who was busy on the phone herself as he tried to recall if he’d ever given anyone the number for Claypots. Certain he hadn’t he assured his boss of this fact and promised to always go through Keith, even though he resented having to do so. Ending the call he felt like banging his head off a wall in frustration as he noticed Celine’s looking at him strangely. Switching on his laptop he sat down to check sone things feeling the coolness of his trousers directly on his testicles and penis and trying not to be distracted at the fact he had no underwear on.

“Everything ok? You looked like you had steam coming out your ears a moment ago.”

“Just Keith Bryan. That man is a bloody egotist narcissist!”

“What’s he done now?”

“He called my boss complaining about me. I had to attend a meeting with him this morning.”

“Yeah you told me about that. Has he done something else too?”

“He’s been back onto my boss again this afternoon accusing me of giving out the telephone number of the contractor and insisting we all do everything through him. We all know it’s just because he wants to take the credit for it all but Archie Waters thinks he’s the greatest thing since sliced bread!”

“Ah. That was me who called Claypots. Ellen gave me the number because I’m stressed out trying to arrange deliveries of furniture to the flats and Keith wasn’t even answering my calls. I wrote it in my notes as Ellen gave me it. Here it is: Claypots: Douglas McCallister 07741 675 235.”

“When did you call him?”

“Not long ago. Just when I came back from the loo. I’ve got IKEA and Forest Furnishings and couch and bed companies, and even random people on facebook, all wanting to know when they can deliver to the flats. I needed to give them answers. I didn’t mean for you to get in trouble.”

“My guess is Keith was in Tulloch Court when you called and he’s overheard the call. He’ll be fuming that we’re actually doing stuff he isn’t. Have you managed to arrange deliveries now?”

“Yes. Douglas was lovely. He’s going to make sure there’s men there to help offload stuff too. I gave him my number if there’s any problems.”

“Well Keith can just suck it up! I have far too much to be getting on with to be caring about that man’s ego. You’re doing a great job Celine. Thank you.”

*321*2024-01-04 00:46

Ellen’s passionate phone call

Leaving Daniel and Celine and heading straight to the Abrahamovsky’s cabin on the 1st floor Ellen tutted to herself frustrated that once again she was having to deal with something that someone else should have done. Chapping on the cabin door Mylana opened it looking anxious and tired. In her limited English she showed Ellen a letter as Ellen took it and read it.

It was, as Celine had mentioned, a date for the girl’s anomaly scan at the local hospital which was scheduled for the day after they were due to move to Dundee. Understanding the stress this was causing Ellen rang the hospital on her mobile and explained the situation. The secretary was patient but all the system would let her do was cancel the appointment or reschedule. Frustrated Ellen cancelled it since it would be impossible for the couple to attend anyway. Finding all Mylana’s pregnancy notes Ellen scanned through them until she found a number for the community midwives.

Calling them she repeated herself angain explaining the situation, when finally she felt she was making progress when a kind midwife explained the procedure and how the couple would go about transferring their care to Dundee. Scribbling notes down Ellen knew that both Mylana and Yakiv would need support to register at a new GP, get a referral to the local midwife team and then reschedule their scan for Ninewells hospital in Dundee. Worrying, yet again, who would help them both in Dundee like she had done for the last year on the ship Ellen slipped the scribbled note into Mylana’s pregnancy file and reassured her that she’d get a new appointment through soon in Dundee.

She was just about to leave when Yakiv came back and she had to repeat everything to him again. Heading away, finally, back in the direction of the main atrium Ellen then passed Myroslava coming out of the laundry room looking flustered. Stopping to ask how Katya was after being sent home from school the day before Myroslava just shook her head sadly.

“Still being sick so much. I can’t leave her at all, only to wash things and straight back. I can’t even get to canteen to eat!”

Immediately offering to bring some food up to the single mother Ellen rubbed her arm and told her to tell Katya to get better soon as she went straight to the canteen and picked up some food and drink for both Myroslava and her young daughter. Walking back to their cabin with it Ellen couldn’t help but think how inadequate cruise ship living was in situations like that. 

Shared laundry facilities with a sick child, the inability to make something to eat or drink yourself, the difficulty of sleeping in the same bed as a sick child and risking catching it yourself, plus the isolation of being trapped in a small cabin unable to leave or see anyone else. Knocking the cabin door again with a tray of food and drink Ellen wished there was more she could do to help as the door closed and she stood there alone. Glancing at the cabin at the end of the corridor where Diana and Mykhaila had been for the last year Ellen was feeling rather helpless and emotional when her thoughts were interrupted by her mobile ringing.

Pulling her phone out of her bag she answered it cheerfully, as she always did, not recognising the voice on the other end at all. Introducing himself as Julian Warwickshire from Dundee City Council Ellen was even more curious what the call was in relation to. Apparently he was calling her about an earlier call she’d made in relation to a job as a caretaker. Now more keen than ever to hear what this person was saying Ellen walked towards the theatre, found the door unlocked and went inside for some privacy. Sitting on one of the seats where just the week before all the ships residents had sat listening as Daniel presented the plans to move everyone to Dundee she listened avidly to what Julian was saying.

He’d been passed her details, and her comments on everything, from one of his colleagues and he seemed very interested in Ellen’s current job and her experience of working with the refugees. Losing herself quickly in her enthusiasm to share about all the amazing individuals she loved working with and supported Ellen realised she was talking way too much as she paused and apologised. Unfazed, Julian explained how they had set a closing date for a month’s time as Ellen immediately jumped in to ask how the refugees were meant to manage up until then.

Without naming names or breaking confidentiality she cited a young couple who were already now moved who had a baby due any day and another couple who were approximately 20 weeks into their first pregnancy who needed to urgently find a new GP surgery as soon as they moved to arrange a transfer of their medical care. Questioning Julian how either of these couples, with their lack of knowledge of the area and limited English, would possibly manage without support Ellen knew she was becoming more passionate and heated as she thought about so many of the refugees and the various ways they would need help.

Julian appeared to listen, though Ellen wasn’t giving him much choice in that anyway, as he made agreeable noises as she went on about the children having to start schools and nurseries and everyone needing to know where local facilities were like supermarkets, public transport, hospitals, doctors, and dentists, and support to manage their money after a year of having so much provided for them. Finally allowing Julian to get a word in Ellen shook her head in disbelief and annoyance as he started talking about charities working with them, staff from social security visiting once a a week and a number for the contractor being pinned onto a notice board! Disgusted at all of those things Ellen did her best to remain calm as she reminded Julian just how many people were moving and the inadequacies of once a week visits, relying on poorly funded and stretched charities, and the fact most of the refugees wouldn’t even be able to read the word ‘ contractor’ let alone know who they were.

Ready to give up Ellen stood up to stretch her legs when Julian ended the call by simply asking her if she was still interested in the job. Practically biting off Julian’s arm Ellen almost screamed an emphatic ‘yes!’ when Julian asked if she was free on Friday that week. Readily agreeing, despite not having a minute to check her calendar on her phone, Ellen felt unbelievably happy when Julian said he’d email her a link for a virtual interview before double checking her email address.

Walking out the theatre with her head held high Ellen resumed her walk back to the ground floor excited to share her news with Celine and Daniel. Sure it was only an interview, but it was a start.

Alone in the lift Ellen’s mind drifted back to dressing the window of the charity shop in the city centre on Saturday in the lashing rain and Margot telling her to do what was in her heart and not live to regret anything. As much as she hated the thought of leaving Margot, and now Daniel too, she knew she’d always regret it if she didn’t at least apply for the caretakers job.

Maybe Daniel was right in what he said on the day they travelled over to first see the flats. Despite her protests he’d insisted that Dundee wasn’t actually far away at all. It wasn’t like she wasn’t used to moving either. This time though, if she got the job, she’d be moving all on her own. As scary as that was she still couldn’t help feeling really excited about possibly getting to work with the refugees again and maybe even getting to meet baby Mishura after all.

*322*2024-01-05 01:11

Daniel hears Ellen’s good news

Letting Celine get on with work Daniel returned to his own laptop and was engrossed in work himself when Ellen eventually returned looking excited and energised. Glad to see her looking much happier than she was earlier that day Daniel looked over the top of laptop and smiled warmly at her.

“You’ll never guess what guys! I’ve only gone and got myself an interview for the caretaker’s position in Dundee! It’s on Friday too…this Friday!”

Watching as Celine ran out from her desk to hug her friend excitedly Daniel couldn’t help but feel a little jealous. Ellen seemed so relaxed around Celine, who was a naturally touchy feely type person, yet so reserved around him still, at least in public. Deciding he needed to congratulate Ellen himself he got off his seat and walked closer to her wondering how she might respond. To his delight though as soon as Celine let her go she stepped closer to him beaming and threw her arms around him, much to his amazement. Taking the bull by the horns he pushed things further still and kissed Ellen on the lips expecting her to pull away. Instead she kissed him back which made his heart sing.

“I’m so proud of you Ellen. I knew you could do it. Now have you any idea what they are going to ask? Have you got an up to date CV? Have you to go to Dundee?”

“Emmm…it’s online so I don’t need to go anywhere. Though I’m not sure doing it here would work what with all the distractions and lack of privacy. I haven’t a clue what they will ask but they already know what I’m doing here. As for a CV, I wouldn’t know where to start! Why would they want that?”

“It’s standard to have one and most employers like to keep one on record in order to check up any references or see your previous work experience and stuff. I’d get one written up if I was you. And I agree that this isn’t really a suitable place for an interview…unless you maybe use one of the private meeting rooms?

“I suppose I could ask about a meeting room.”

Turning to see Celine join in the conversation Daniel was curious what she was going to add.

“What about what you will wear? I mean I know they’ll probably only see your top half on screen but first appearances really matter, don’t they Daniel? You need to make an impression Ellen. Wow them from the very start.”

Aware how little clothing Ellen had, since most of it was in a bin bag in his car right at that moment, Daniel watched on helplessly as Ellen looked at her friend awkwardly. Celine was right though; Ellen really did need to make an impression, even more so with it being done virtually. Desperate to rescue Ellen without embarrassing her Daniel rubbed her arm affectionately as he spoke.

“There’s plenty time for that yet. Maybe we could have a wee look in the shops after work? I know you were thinking of leaving a bit earlier today anyway. I can come with you if you’d like some help choosing?”

Lowering his eyebrows at Celine as she laughed and commented Daniel did actually wonder if she could read his mind or if she was just joking.

“I wouldn’t let Daniel choose if I were you Ellen. He’d probably have you in a low neck top with your boobs spilling out or some strapless dress that would make them think you were not even wearing a bra! I might have said first impressions really count but you don’t want them thinking you’re a stripper or slut do you?”

Hearing Ellen laugh at her friend’s comment Daniel felt his heart jump. The magic of Ellen’s hearty natural laugh seemed to get him every time as he found himself picturing Ellen on camera with a low neck top with her vast breasts hanging out. Ellen’s laughter seemed to lure others too as Aran walked past smiling looking at Ellen and Celine.

“Nice to see people enjoying their work eh!”

“Oh Aran! Aran! Guess what! I’ve only just gone and got myself an interview for the caretaker’s job at Tulloch Court! I might actually get to stay with the refugees and help them for longer! “

“Oh that’s bloody brilliant news! Go you! So when are you leaving us? I was starting to think you’d still be on here when it sailed away too! Well done!”

“I’ve not got the job yet. Actually I saw it advertised online. Would you believe they set the closing date for a full month after the refugees arrived! I called them up earlier today as I was sure that was a mistake, but apparently not. What idiot thought that was right? Hey I know let’s send over 100 vulnerable refugees miles away to another local authority to a city they don’t know and leave them to it for a month while we piss about waiting for people to apply for a job to support them! Then we’ll wait even more weeks to organise interviews and all that crap meanwhile there’s kid’s not in school, families not getting their benefits, people who have forgotten how to look after themselves and traumatised individuals locking themselves in their flats 24/7. I can tell you I wasn’t holding back when I spoke to them earlier. To say I have been unimpressed by Dundee City council so far is putting it mildly.”

“Seriously? A month after they arrive? That’s shocking!”

“You are my witness Daniel aren’t you? You saw the advert too.”

“I did and she’s right. I mean I understand things take time to put in place. I work for the council so I ought to know. But that was out of order really.”

“When I pressed them on it the guy I spoke to at the council, Julian something or other, said that charities and public bodies would support them all in the interim period. It’s a wonder you didn’t all hear me laughing down here! To be honest I reckon they’re interviewing me just to shut me up but if they think I will be quiet even if I don’t get the job then they are sadly mistaken.”

“They obviously don’t know you Ellen. Sorry guys but I must dash. I have a meeting to attend. Let me know how you get on Ellen. They’d be crazy to let you go!”

Feeling blessed at how supported Ellen was Daniel placed an arm around her shoulder smiling at her.

“I’m so proud of you Ellen. I promise not to get you to buy a dropped neck top with your boobs hanging out, or even a topless dress, if you still want me to come with you to get something new for your interview? I could help you get a CV made too if you’d like? Oh and don’t forget I have that bag of yours in my car still?”

Watching as Ellen checked the time on her watch Daniel moved his arm away as he waited on a reply.

“I might just head away just now actually. I need to go to the supermarket so I could look in there for something I guess. I was kind of thinking to just wear something I already have. Can I come out and get that bag from your car?”

Still hoping to go with Ellen Daniel packed his laptop away as Ellen grabbed her things. Waving to Celine, who was on the phone again, Daniel followed behind Ellen out towards reception and down the gangway into the cold carpark. Seeing children coming back from school he guessed it must be around 3:30pm as he pressed to unlock his car and get the bin bag of clothes for Ellen.

*323*2024-01-06 00:51

Ellen shared her news then leaves the ship

Walking past the reception desk Ellen saw Daniel and Celine easily as they sat side by side working. Almost running towards them in her excitement she announced to them both enthusiastically the news of her impending interview. She could have predicted Celine’s response as she dropped everything and hugged her warmly. They’d grown closer to each other over the last year and Ellen had come to depend on her positivity, her warmth and her energy more than she’d realised. Wrapping her arms around the taller girl she embraced her fully, overcome with excitement and emotion.

Seeing Daniel out of the corner of her eye she expected him before the trip to Dundee to have previously just shaken her hand and congratulated her but now she could tell from his glowing eyes and itching body that he wanted so much more. She was so glad of his support though, so thankful for his encouragement and friendship and his steadfast belief in her, that when he made a move to hug her too as Celine let her go she readily embraced him back, no longer caring who might see them. Feeling a strange euphoria from the liberating feeling of no longer hiding her attraction to Daniel she held him close and happily kissed him back when he bent down to kiss her first. His lips felt so soft against hers, so warm and welcoming and perfect.

Then his questions started: Where was the interview? What might they ask? Was her CV up to date? It was all a bit overwhelming and a big come down from the excitement of just thinking she was having an interview for a job she’d wanted ever since she first walked into the tower block. Still she understood Celine and Daniel’s curiosity as she did her upmost to answer them to the best of her ability.

All was going well until Celine started talking about clothes. Sure she had every intention of looking smart, but did she really have to buy something new just for one interview? Knowing the wage she’d just received would be her final full months wage she was reluctant to waste any of it, especially if she needed to possibly factor in moving costs to Dundee if she was successful at interview. Nervous, and keen for the conversation to move on, Ellen couldn’t help but laugh though when Celine joked about the skimpy clothing Daniel might want her to wear. Imagining herself in a low cut top with her breasts on show, or even worse, a strapless dress that fell down her arms with every movement she made Ellen chuckled loudly at the lunacy of it. She might really want the job but she wasn’t ever going to use her body to make a scene, especially to people she might later end up working with!

Thankfully Aran saved the day as he seemed to appear from nowhere at that point and Ellen quickly changed the subject to update him on her news. As always he too was supportive and encouraging and happy for her, though by the way he was talking it seemed he felt it was a given she’d get the job!

Sharing with her three colleagues about how she’d found the advert for the position and her disgust as it’s late closing date Ellen passionately ranted as she updated them all on her calls to Dundee that day and her worries at the refugees being left without support. As Ellen expected they all 100% agreed with her making Ellen feel justified in her phone call rants to Dundee council. Nodding to Aran as he excused himself for a meeting Ellen knew her mind was way too full of things to be able to get any work done. She hated leaving early and would far rather stay on the ship until late into the evening, but she had so much to do at home, not least buy herself some food, and she felt she needed time alone to mentally prepare for her up and coming interview.

Daniel, on the other hand, seemed determined to leave with her and hinted several times about helping her buy new clothes for the interview, something she was very much hoping to avoid. But she needed her clean clothes from his car so she was happy enough that he was following her out to the carpark at least. The cold early October afternoon air hit Ellen sharply as she shivered heading towards her car. Unlocking her car she hoped Daniel would bring the bag of clothes to her, which he did, as she noticed him approaching her as she turned around.

“I didn’t have time to iron it all but it’s folded in the bag so shouldn’t be too creased.”

“Thank you. How much do I owe you for washing powder and your electricity? Will £5 cover it?”

“I don’t want a penny Ellen. I don’t mind doing your washing anytime. Honestly. So where are you off to now? You sure I can’t help you find a nice top for Friday?”

“I’m just going to pop into the big Sainsbury’s here on my way back home. I usually just go to Lidl but they don’t have the same selection of stuff and I really need to stock up my fridge and freezer. I can’t keep buying Chinese take aways all the time can I?”

“I suppose not but that was a delicious one last night if I’m honest. You know the clothing in Sainsbury’s is actually really good quality and reasonably priced too. My mum loves their stuff. Actually I think I might head there myself and have a look. I’m sure they’ll have a nice blouse or top that would make you look amazing for an interview. What size are you again?”

Getting flashbacks to the numerous foster carers who insisted on buying her new clothing she hated and that often didn’t even fit well and was usually way too tight, Ellen felt her anxiety increasing quickly. Grabbing the bag from Daniel she knew she just needed to get away.

“Look thanks for my washing but I really do want to go now. I’m perfectly capable of finding my own clothes for the interview thank you Daniel. Now if you don’t mind I’d really like to get away now. I’ll catch up on work later tonight so no need to hassle me about leaving early. You know I’m good for the hours. I’ll text you later ok?”

Pecking a stunned looking Daniel on the cheek Ellen put the bin bag on the passenger seat and closed the door. Getting into the driver’s seat she left Daniel standing as she closed her door, put her belt on and started her engine. She knew Daniel was only wanting to help her but he needed to learn to not smother her or mother her. She’s had more than enough of that over the years from well meaning foster carers who always thought they knew what she needed better than she did. Right now she needed space, both physically and mentally, and Daniel just needed to accept that.

Driving the short distance to the supermarket she thought about Mykhaila yet again wondering if she too was feeling lost and alone in a system that had been broken for so many years. She wasn’t sure she’d ever shake the guilt of what happened to her as she prayed that her carers were kind understanding people who would actually support her whatever happened to her mum. Glad to be alone she parked into a free space and went looking for a trolley.

She’d got this far in life all by herself. Now she just needed to push herself that bit more to fight for the job she really wanted. No way would she leave those refugees without anyone to help them whatever it took.

*324*2024-01-08 15:15

Gave my bladder a rest for a couple of days but will post the next chapter tonight

*325*2024-01-09 00:05

Daniel’s shopping trip

Seeing Ellen at her car Daniel took the bin bag and headed over towards her. Still hinting at going somewhere to get her an outfit for her interview he couldn’t help but comment when Ellen mentioned she was going to Sainsbury’s. Having taken his mum there before he knew that their clothing range, while limited, was decent quality. Without giving it much thought he asked Ellen what size she was, immediately regretting it when her demeanour changed and she went frosty and snappy. How could he have been so stupid as to ask any lady what size clothing she wore?

Angry at himself he watched helplessly as Ellen grabbed the bag off him, got into her car and drove away leaving him standing in shock watching her car disappear in front of his eyes. Eventually walking back to his own car, alone and angry at himself, he felt so ashamed of himself for being such an idiot and upsetting Ellen. Heading home shame faced he parked in his garage, as always, and entered his house via the back door. Filling the kettle he made himself a coffee to calm down as he popped upstairs to hang his suits up that he’d picked up from the cleaners earlier that morning.

Opening his wardrobe to hang them up he briefly noticed the small shelf he’d cleared the week before for Ellen when she stayed over. Noticing she still had a couple of items sitting there he secretly checked the label of one for its size then folded it back up and closed the wardrobe again. Going back to the kitchen he finally made then drank his coffee whilst reading the news on his laptop, still feeling restless and upset at himself for having clearly upset Ellen.

Taking his empty mug to the sink to wash it up Daniel looked out the kitchen window to his garage thinking. He hated how he felt at that moment and wished more than anything that he could talk to Ellen and sort things out. Unable to concentrate on work he closed his laptop down and made a spur of the moment decision. Grabbing his coat he abandoned his computer and walked back across to his garage determined to make amends any way he could. Heading back in the direction of the port he detoured slightly and turned into Sainsbury’s car park, feeling anxious already about venturing into a busy supermarket.

Thankfully he knew the clothing was right near the front as he veered towards the ladies ware avoiding the underwear at all costs. Staring at jumpers and blouses idly he tried picturing Ellen in his mind as he looked behind for her size. Frustratingly none of the items appeared to go up to her size as he looked around anxiously and moved to another aisle. Filled with jeans, trousers and leggings he moved to the first rail and slid the items to the front. Searching right to the back he again stepped back thinking his trip was fruitless and his time had been wasted. Deciding to try just one last aisle he turned the corner worried he might accidentally find himself faced with lingerie, but instead finding a mixed selection of tops, skirts dresses and trousers. Wondering why the items were so mixed up compared to the previous aisles he picked up the first item he saw and smiled at the label on the hanger: ‘Plus size’.

Feeling more relaxed Daniel stood facing the tops and jumpers as he searched for something suitable for an interview. Settling for a fitted tight knit plain black roll neck jumper he turned around to look at the trousers and skirts and dresses. Seeing a manikin wearing the very jumper he now held in his hand with a contrasting flowery skirt he immediately looked for the very skirt and found it in Ellen’s size. Waking briskly to the self checkout he was about to join the queue when he heard someone calling him. Turning he saw a lady he recognised, though he couldn’t quite place her name or where he knew her from. As she approached him smiling he smiled back dearly hoping she might introduce herself.

“Mr Omari? You remember me? My little girl, she still so happy what you did for us. Thank you!”

Realising now that it was one of the hundreds of people he’d found permanent accommodation for from the cruise ship he smiled back at the lady and nodded.

“Only doing my job mam. Are you all well?”

“Yes. Yes. Maxim now work. He work in store, put things on shelves. He get drugs from doctor too now. Solomia do good at school now. She have friends. She happy. Thank you. You help us lots.”

“That’s great to hear. I hope you all continue to do well here. It was so lovely to see you again.”

“Yes. Mr Omari. Thank you. It nice here. We happy here.”

“That’s so good to hear. I’d better let you get on. Thanks for saying hi.”

Turning to the self checkout Daniel walked towards the tills and scanned the clothing in his hand. Taking the printed receipt he headed back to his car still thinking of Ellen and how she would have immediately known the ladies name who he’d just spoken to. She was so amazing like that, knowing everyone by name and remembering so much about them. It really was much more than a job for her.

Placing the clothing neatly on the passenger seat Daniel longed to see Ellen more than ever. Glancing over at the skirt and jumper he made another sudden decision: he was going to go straight to Ellen’s to gift her the clothing right away. It wasn’t just that he wanted her to look smart for her interview the day after next but more than anything he wanted to apologise, to tell her how special she was and how much he admired her. His heart broke at the thought of her possibly moving to Dundee but he knew deep down that she lived for helping the refugees and she’d make the best caretaker ever.

*327*2024-01-09 11:48

{{2 hours ago, Breepee said:

Oh yes, you mainly write these while you need to go don’t you?

Very impressive motivation!

Have you ever been writing and so desperate you’ve had to stop writing and pee? Or have you always managed to hold it?

}}

Once or twice in a long chapter or one that involves me looking back for names or information yes I have had to rush off to pee especially as I drink copious amounts of water to keep my brain working. Mostly I just about manage to hold until the end but there’s been many many very close calls and lots of damp pants!

