Ms. Tinklebottoms Academy of Capable Girls (Chpt 5)

Author: Mr. Omo

*000*2019-08-05 17:19

Ms. Tinklebottoms Academy of Capable Girls (Chpt 5)

The bell struck at 3 o’clock, and as it echoed throughout Tinklebottoms Academy, the remaining girls who didn’t piss themselves couldn’t believe what they were hearing. Ms. Pissy’s class had widened eyes and looked at the clock. Hearing the last bell chime, and Tinklebottom herself saying they can use the bathroom filled them with glee and hope.

Before anyone could say anything, Ms. Pissy hobbled over to the door, hands jammed between her legs and a small stain on her rear. The girls snapped back to reality as the door opened, and Ms. Pissy spoke up.

“C-Come on, now! Lets g-go!”

Hearing her words made most if not all the girls get up quickly and shuffle over to the door, coming out of shock after realizing they can go. Some of the girls stayed in their seats, squirming desperately and looking like they couldn’t get up. Some girls moaned in their seats, before yellow puddles began for,ing under their seats, unable to hold their bursting bladders a second longer. Leaks chuckled at this sight, knowing that not all the girls would make it to the toilet. She got her mop and began wiping up the floors with a grin.

“Sorry, guess not all a us are winners today, hm~?”

The girls had red faces and looked embarrassed, however, they did look more relieved than embarrassed. The group that made their way out the door were now in the hallway, bent over and scooting their way down the seemingly endless hallway. While getting out the door, they saw the Pee News girls in their own puddles of pee, looking relived and embarrassed. Ms. Pissy had the lead amongst them all, but that didn’t mean she was holding it well.

Drops of pee trailed her as she slowly made her way down the hallway, Ms. Pissy looking embarrassed as hell but still hobbling her way down. Most of the girls who could get up actually had a trail of pee following them, moaning and sounding like their bladders were going to explode.

The bathroom was in sight, but it was next the end corner of the hallway, and from their perspective, it looked like it was a mile away, slowly getting out of reach. Leaks finished up cleaning Ms. Pissy’s class, and went outside to see the show of desperate high school girls slowly giving into desperation.

“Whose gonna piss emselves next~? Maybe you?” She looked to Fifi, seeing her look like she couldn’t hold it a second longer. “Or you~?” Sara was her next choice, seeing a determined yet desperate look on her face. “Aaah~ I know who”

Leaks made her way to the leader of the bunch, Ms. Pissy, and began teasing her oh so tantalizingly, poking at her rear and saying stuff like “Dont piss~ You got a date tanight, remember~?” She said with a chuckle.

Ms. Pissy looked at Leaks with annoyance, stopping where she was and looking to her.

“I-I’ve had it!” Announced Pissy, suddenly unbuckling Leaks overalls in one motion. Before Leaks could respond, Pissy pulled down her overalls, revealing Leaks huge secret. A diaper. It looked pretty yellow too, much to Leaks dismay. The girls stopped in place, looking unamazed with slight disappointment in their eyes.

Leaks face got beet red, looking as if she just pissed herself in front of the entire class (which, in a sense, she did)

“Y-You know how hard it is bein’ Janitor here?! H-How can I mop up yer guys puddles when I got piss trailin’ behind me all day?!”

They weren’t buying her excuse, though it did sound half-believable. Leaks looked around, seeing no one looking amused by her explanation, and sighed in shame. As the girls were still looking at Leaks unamused, they jolted at a sudden shouting of a familiar Headmistress.

“Unacceptable!” It was Tinklebottom, both hands jammed into her crotch, and Wettingsworth in tow, looking as stoic as usual while doing the potty dance. Leaks gulped, knowing she never told Tinklebottom about her little cheat to make it through the day without needing a change of overalls.

“Janitor Leaks, you will take that off right now and endure this like the rest of us!” she said while pushing up her glasses, going right back to literally holding her bladder after.

“I-I got a tiny bladder! I-I can do my job with wet pants! A-And I gotta go bad! C-Can’t I just go one more an-“

Tinklebottom glared at the desperate Janitor, showing how much she cared for something like this. With a sight, Leaks nodded, taking off her only hope for dry pants, and looking a little desperate soon after, looking to Tinklebottom.

“S-So, I can go now, r-right?” Leaks said desperately

With a slow shake of the head, Tinklebottom hopped her way to the bathroom door. Wettingsworth stayed outside, waiting for Tinklebottom to finish her duty first. Her face as bland as ever but her body showed pure desperation. Before closing, Tinklebottom said “You will wait another hour before you can use the bathroom! That is it!” She said while quickly shutting the door after.

Leaks looked shocked, going to her knees and in disbelief, said “A-An hour?” Before she knew it, a puddle grew underneath her, unable to control her bladder after the shocking revaluation. The girls saw their once arrogant Janitor now sitting in her own puddle of pee, and some couldn’t help but do the same.

Falling to their knees, some of the girls sighed in relief while others tried and failed to hold it any longer, puddles forming under them and spreading quickly. Now, only about a handful of girls remained relatively dry, and Ms. Pissy seemed on the verge of doing the same. Fifi grabbed onto Sara’s arm, looking like she couldn’t go any further. Sandra and Cindy looked like they couldn’t go much longer too, Sara seeming the most competent at the moment.

They’re on their way to the bathroom! But can our girls make it there before their only relief will be on the floor? Can any if not just one girl make it to plant their rear on the toilet in time? Will Ms. Pissy show initiative as their teacher, or fall like many of the girls before? Will the next chapter be the last for Tinklebottom Academy? Stay tuned~

