Ms. Tinklebottoms Academy of Capable Girls (Chpt 2)

Author: Mr. Omo

*000*2019-07-24 06:57

When we left off, most of the girls in Ms. Pissy’s class had just burst, and Ms. Pissy herself was just about to flood her panties as well. The girls watched helplessly as their friends and teacher were relieving themselves and they had to suffer 20 more minutes of this Pee Hell.

Amidst all this squirming and peeing, we focus on a girl with light orange hair, a red ribbon on one side, and her hair curly at the ends. She, like her fellow classmates, was struggling to keep her panties dry and was having on hell of a time doing so. Her name was Sara, and she was bouncing in her seat, trying not to look at the girls pissing themselves, the sound alone tempting her to spread her legs and do the same.

She looked to her side and saw her best friend, Fifi, jamming her hands into her between her tightly crossed legs, not an uncommon sight for any of them. She had long blue hair, a star shaped clip holding her bangs to the left, and large circular glasses, nearly falling off her beet red face as she desperately trembled in place. She wasn’t known for holding it the entire day, but not for wetting herself either, but for the fact that she finds ways to relieve herself other than through her panties.

Whether it be in the classroom plant, in a nearby trash bin, or just parting her panties and going full force right under her desk, she’s been known to keep her panties dry since her and Sara got to Ms. Tinklebottoms. Her focus was on making sure she doesn’t leak, eyes shut almost as tightly as her legs were crossed, and looking desperate and ready to burst any second.

She opened her eyes a little, seeing Sara stare at her and gave a soft smile. She knew Sara always makes it the entire day without leaking, so seeing her still holding it together gave her a bit of hope. Sara saw this and smiled back at her, arms shaking as she held her crotch oh so tightly.

“W-We can do this..!” Sara said with hope and desperation in her voice, holding out her hand to Fifi.

Fifi, in return, grabbed Saras hand, both smiling softly, before tightening both their grips and bending over slightly in their seats, their urge to pee hit them like a wave, both nearly following their classmates lead and almost drenching their seats.

While they tried desperately to hold it in, a blonde girl with hair flipped to the right named Cindy began to talk to the girl next to her. The girl, tanned skinned, eye shadow, and blonde hair to boot was named Sandra, and like Cindy, her legs were double crossed and bouncing quickly.

“Y-Ya think we’re gonna m-make it ta 3 pm, girl?” asked Cindy, desperation and a slight tremble in her voice.

“I-I dunno, girl, th-things are lookin’ bad fer them otha girls, a-an I’d be lyin’ if I said I wasn’t gonna p-piss myself right now” replied Sandra, looking around at the girls who pissed themselves and wanting to do the same.

They then look to Ms. Pissy, seeing that she had her coffee cup under her and was ready to fill it to the brim.

“H-Hey! Cheater! Wh-what about that ‘Im ya teacher’ speech ya gave us?!” shouted Sandra, now putting a hand between her legs and looking pissed.

“I-I have my limits! A-And I cant ruin these p-panties, not today! M-My washer broke, a-and I have a date tonight!!” Ms. Pissy shouted back, desperately pressing her knees together and trying to convince her students to let her do this, but the girls looked to her with unfazed and underwhelmed eyes.

“W-We got limits too! I-If we all gotta sit here a-an wet ourselves, ya definitely doin’ tha same, teach!” shouted Cindy, leaning on her desk with both hands now planted between her legs.

The girls agreed with a joined “Yeah!”, now desperate to piss AND pissed off. Seeing how her desperate attempts of relief slipped through her fingers, she sighed deeply, placing the coffee cup back on her desk and resuming the position she was in. The girls too went back to their attempts of holding it, shaking and squirming in their seats as silence washed over the room, only the ticking of the clock and desperate moans of the girls filled the room.

While Sara and Fifi held hand desperately, and Cindy and Sandra were looking at each other, ready to give up and release the floodgates, the door opened. All the girls attention focused on the person walking in, before going back to crossing their legs harder in desperation. It was Janitor Leaks with her mop and bucket, making her rounds through each class to see which unfortunate girl drenched their panties.

She had a backwards baseball cap on, jean overalls barely holding together at the latches, and a shortsleeve shirt. Her hair was ash blonde, long and very curly at the ends, and half closed eyes with very dark eyebags, a grin on her face as she saw the puddles under most of the girls seats. With a chuckle, she walked over to the front of the class, carrying her mop and leaning on it as she spoke up towards the crowd of desperate highschoolers.

“So...” she spoke “Which one a ya’s gonna make it ta three I wonder, and more importantly...which one a yer messes will I gotta clean up afterwards~?”

Janitor Leaks makes her appearance. Will the girls, desperately on the verge of bursting, make it to 3 pm? Is Ms. Pissy going to have damp panties on her date tonight? How come Janitor Leaks doesn’t look desperate like the rest of them? Will Ms. Tinklebottom reveal herself soon? Will Ms. Pissy’s date like the fact her panties may be damp? Stay tuned~

