In times of desperation - Page 3

*051*2020-06-15 14:06

{{28 minutes ago, wannawatch said:

Now that , is one darn cliffhanger .. !

}}

Gotta keep my readers interested

*053*2020-06-16 11:14

Chapter 25:

‘Sarah, my sweetheart. You know you are THE most beautiful and sexy girl ever created.’ Will was struggling to find his words again, not because of anxiety for once but because of his fierce desire to explode watching Sarah squirm in desperation. Nothing in the world pushed his buttons quite like a girl squirming for the bathroom and here ,right in front of him, was a naked, stunning woman begging him to use his toilet.

Yet the thought of hurting Sarah or embarrassing her or, even worse, having her think of him as a freak was gnawing at his mind. As badly as he needed to cum right now he also wanted to treat his lady with respect. He was in a mental quandary captivated by Sarah’s every move whilst trying to ensure his sexual fetish didn’t ruin everything.

Sarah watched Will intently as his entire body woke and responded to her presence. She adored every inch of his body from his hair to his toes. His shoulders; so strong, masculine and comforting, his chest; so hairy, welcoming and touchable, the way his bladder grew when he was full, the way his hands moved, his arms; so loving, muscular and gentle, his face; so full of compassion, love and fun, his penis; so smooth, kissable and sexy. She wanted to embrace him, make love to him and feel every part of him but right this very minute she was beyond desperate to urinate, struggling to contain herself as she could not for a second stay still. Her eyes glistened and sparkled in the early morning light of the room as she watched every last part of Will’s delicious body respond to her.

For a moment she wondered if it was her body, her nakedness, or her touch. Or could it be he was incredibly aroused by her pee dancing? Her own full bladder was making her incredibly horny too and the idea of Will holding a full bladder, especially as close to releasing as she was would have made her want to eat him up with desire. Whilst stroking her own exhausted urethra and clitoris to keep from pissing all over Will and his bed she looked at Will lying entranced by her and whispered.

‘Will, do you like me bursting? Does seeing me squirm turn you on?’

Will’s face turned red with embarrassment. What sort of idiot found a female on the edge of releasing a fountain of pee from her most private parts arousing? Yet he could not lie, his body gave away his lust.

‘Yes. Yes.’

Will was panting with sheer desire to release. Sarah was panting too for an urgent release in another way.

Sarah, ever the impulsive one, had an idea. It was something she had longed to do since her teenage years yet never ever did she think her fantasy could ever come true.

‘Will, would you like to watch me wee?’

Will’s body answered that one without him having to say a word.

‘Quick follow me before it’s too late. I’m about to piss everywhere.’

Will was still holding Sarah’s hand but now Sarah grabbed him as she climbed off the end of the bed and pulled Will quickly to the bathroom. Will expected her to run to the toilet where he would thoroughly enjoy watching and listening as she relaxed. Instead she stopped at the bath with its overhead shower, pulling the curtain aside with one hand while frantically rubbing herself with the other between her legs.

‘Will, would you like me to pee over you?’

Will was like a dog on heat, a fireman heading to an emergency all ready and prepared and eager for action. He jumped into the bath and sat upright all without taking his eyes off Sarah who was bouncing up and down frantic with her need to pee. Sarah climbed naked onto Will facing him, standing a breast over his hips and large erect penis which sent shivers throughout her body as it rubbed against her bare leg. Will’s mouth was open, his tongue hanging out like an animal craving water in a desert, just centimetres away from Sarah’s open, delicious and now leaking vagina.

Sarah didn’t need to relax or give any thought to peeing as her exhausted muscles spurted first a fast splash onto Will’s testicles followed almost immediately by a warm, soothing, refreshing fountain that oozed down Will’s hard on, his balls, his hips and puddled beneath him.

As Sarah lost complete control of her bladder Will lost complete control of his lust as his hard, solid, sensitive dick exploded for the first time in his life without him even having to touch it! The warmth and tickle of Sarah’s pee mixed with his sticky white cum ran down the shaft of his member as he shook and moaned with delight. How could one person be so utterly sexy, so outstandingly amazing? Will knew this moment could never be topped, he was living in heaven, walking in the clouds.

‘Oh that was so good to let go! I really needed that so badly’

‘Mmmmmm. Me too.’ Will could hardly speak. He needed time to process this moment. He never wanted to move. It was all he could do to reach out and wipe a few stray drops of warm urine from Sarah’s legs as he smiled and treasured this moment.

Sarah stood up straight, her feet splashing in her own urine, her legs spread by Will’s legs and hips beneath her. She stepping back until she was past Will’s feet reaching out to take Will’s hand and helping him stand up. As Will’s body lifted out the base of the bath more warm urine ran slowly along the bath between their feet and down the plug hole leaving a trail of light yellow behind it.

‘Would it be ok to have a shower?’

‘Yes. Yes of course. Would you rather I left you alone?’

‘I don’t mind. Do you just press the green button?’

Will leaned past Sarah as he turned the warm shower on pulling her close as he did so, the warm water pouring down over them both as it soaked their hair, Sarah’s breasts and Will’s chest before trickling down their legs.

‘Sorry I don’t have any girl’s products’ Will almost shouted to be heard over the noise of the water as Sarah laughed at the absurdity of his comment.

Sarah had never shared a shower before, never been washed by anyone since she was a toddler, but she loved every minute of it. Will was gentle and thorough and by the time she climbed out she felt beautiful and so special. Will pointed to the towels folded perfectly on a shelf as Sarah reached for the top one and threw it round herself.

Will finished cleaning himself then turned the shower off choosing the next towel from the shelf as he climbed out onto the bath mat beside Sarah.

Suddenly he had an urgent need to pee so bad but he tried to remain in control while they both dried themselves. He grabbed his flaccid member tight as it threatened to release then and there.

‘Oh my God...’ he managed to get out before struggling to speak.

‘You ok Will?’

Will was bent over squeezing himself as he tried to hobble to the toilet.

‘Got to piss...NOW!’

*054*2020-06-17 13:42

Chapter 26:

It﻿ was moments like th﻿is when Will was so glad to be in his own apartment using his own toilet. Had he ever felt the need to pee this acutely, this suddenly, that had he been away from home he would have been in serious trouble. He was almost 29 yet still unable to piss anywhere but his own house.

﻿Will hobbled past Sarah as the large glass of water and mug of coffee from the previous evening wanted to pour out of him furiously. He had to squeeze with all his might just to take the few steps to the pan as he muttered ‘Oh God’ struggling to reach it in time. Will was the master at holding, yet this one wasn’t going to wait for anything or anyone.

Sarah smiled as she watched Will struggle, though the last thing she wanted was for him to be in pain. She watched as urine arched out of Will’s penis at such speed it was like an express train. Will didn’﻿t seem embarrassed by her being there which Sarah found fascinating as a counsellor. She had seen first hand his extreme anxiety both in her work, and at McDonald’s, where he could not face even entering the gents toilet alone yet here in his own comfort zone he could p﻿ee long and hard and openly with Sarah watching. She longed to talk more with Will and unravel his mysteries. She found him fascinating as well as handsome but any help she could be to him would have to be as friends since after last night they could not be alone in her office at work. Her job was far too precious to her to risk losing it over sexual attraction.

Will finished his much needed pee, dried himself and found himself clean clothes. He felt embarrassed that Sarah had no choice but to wear what she had on last night. Was she regretting what happened between them? Will had no idea how to read other’s thoughts so he decided he would just ask.

‘Sarah, are you ok about...you know...emmm’

‘The fact we fucked?’

‘Yeah’

‘Did it look like I was objecting?’

‘Not really’

‘Then stop worrying. I’m still here....though I really do need to go home soon. Maybe I could have one of your perfect cups of tea first though?’

‘On its way!’

Sarah sat on the couch and checked her phone though it has completely run out of charge so she put it back in her coat pocket. She felt awkward in yesterday’s clothes despite having had a shower. She was still a little tired, hungry and thirsty and her mind was replaying everything that had happened in the last two days.

‘God, I’ve just had sex with someone I only met two days ago! How stupid can I get?’ she thought to herself, though the second Will appeared with fresh toast and jam and a mug of tea with just a dash of whole milk in and the exact golden shade she liked best, she reasoned that she wasn’t being stupid at all and perhaps she had actually met someone very special after all.

‘This is delicious Will. Thanks.’

‘You are welcome.’

Sarah found the awkward silence unsettling. She spent her life and career working out how people thought and behaved and helping them make peace with themselves yet when it came to her own life her impulsive nature seemed to get her into more and more awkward situations...like dragging a client into the ladies on his first ever visit to her clinic, like throwing her arms around Will in the disabled toilet in McDonald’s in jubilation of him peeing in the sink! It sounded crazy written down but at the time seemed perfectly legitimate and right.

Sarah broke the silence as only a therapist could.

‘You are utterly fascinating Will. Do you know that? I’ve been here now less than 12 hours and in that time you have peed twice freely in your own home both times with me in the room, yet yesterday you were so terrified you could not even enter the gents in a restaurant and the night before you could not bring yourself to use the male bathrooms at my work even though there was no-one else around. Part of me wishes I was able to counsel you as I so long to know what’s going on. I still want to help you, you know, that’s if you want me to?’

Will wasn’t used to be questioned, especially in his own home. Yes Sarah was stunning, incredible and sexy but he wasn’t ready to share his deep secrets with her just yet. She was right though. While he could pee happily and freely at home when he left home he found himself bound by an invisible force that preventing him even entering public toilets let alone using them. It was controlling his life and he knew it.

‘I need help’, Will said with his head hung as he munched on toast and sipped his coffee.

Sarah reached out and held his hand.

‘Then let me help you please. Remember my email? When you get a chance today take a photograph of your toilet like I said. And record your fluid intake and when you pee too if you don’t mind. I’ll explain why next time we meet. I mean Thursday is obviously cancelled now but maybe once a week we could meet in a coffee shop or somewhere and I’ll guide you through step by step? How does that sound?’

‘Yes please. But I don’t know any coffee shops. I go to work and come home. That’s what I do. I’m Will and that’s what I do. Saturday I have a list. I’m late at cleaning my mirrors, emptying my bins and changing my bed. Saturday is list day, Sunday I watch TV. It’s all routine. That how I live.’

‘I know. I’ll leave in a minute to let you get your Saturday back but I still think a coffee shop is a good idea. I need public with my job and you need to stretch yourself. Don’t stress though. I’ll be there. I’ll look after you.’

Will needed time to process it all. While his brain was replaying Sarah’s words she surprised him with yet another question.

‘Will, do you really have a list for Saturdays? Can I see it?’

Will sprang to his feet and proudly showed Sarah his Saturday list. On it was a list of chores that even the Queen would be impressed by.

‘Will did you write this?’

‘Technically yes. It’s my handwriting, my pen and my paper and I used my own hand to write but I googled a list of weekly housework for a two bedroom apartment and copied the list. I timed myself for three weeks then worked out an average time for each task, allowed myself exactly a minute to transition from one task to the next and ended up with this list. It works.’

‘There is something to be said for being this organised Will. Don’t ever let anyone mock you for being you ok!’

Will loved everything about Sarah but now his list was in front of him he felt compelled to do what he did on Saturdays. He didn’t necessarily want Sarah to go but his need for routine and rigidity was quite overwhelming after the last 48 hours. He needed order and predictability in his life.

Sarah sensed Will’s uneasiness and she was feeling ready to go too. She found her jacket and put it on and slipped her work shoes on.

‘Can I kiss you before I go Will?’

Will could never have enough of Sarah’s kisses so he ran over to hold and kiss Sarah before she left, looking over at the window cleaning spray, cloth and stopwatch that told him how long to clean for every Saturday morning.

This time Will was the first to end the kiss as anxiety started pulling at him. Should he start at the top of the cleaning list even though it was past his start time or just start at what should be done at this time? It was confusing and this was why he liked his life in order.

‘I’ll text you Will. Email me or text me anytime. See you soon.’

And at that Will stood looking at his cleaning rota for Saturday using a pencil to write new times next to each one adding exactly 34 minutes to the starting time of every chore.

Sarah looked back as she unlocked the door and smiled as she watched Will doing his ‘Saturday’.

*055*2020-06-18 22:16

Chapter 27:

Sarah drove home with the biggest smile on her face she could ever remember.

It was so lovely to see her house again as if she had been away for weeks rather than one night. Everything seemed so different, yet familiar, as she put the kettle on and plugged in her mobile to charge. Within a few minutes she was sitting at her kitchen table booting up her laptop catching up on social media and checking emails. She was reading things several times over though as her mind kept drifting to Will and all that had happened.

Her email box was filling fast and already she had another new client she could fit in to replace when Will should have been coming on Thursday. She replied professionally to as many emails as needed it, aware that she was outside office hours but too dedicated to bother. She was more content when she was organised, on top of things and busy. Maybe she wasn’t so different to Will after all, though thinking of his cleaning list did make her smile. Her house was clean enough but her coffee and tea weren’t anywhere near as ordered as his were.

Sarah finished her tea and glanced at her watch, shocked to see midday had already passed. She needed groceries so slipped on her coat and headed out, her mind still dreaming idly of Will.

Will was stressed. Despite changing the times of his cleaning schedule things were just not working out as they should. Change threw him, stressed him, even made him angry at times. He could not focus on dusting, hoovering and doing his online shopping as he had woken at a different time, made more toast than usual and been later starting his chores. It wasn’t that he didn’t like Sarah, absolutely not, but change was just so anxiety inducing. It took until the evening before he finally started relaxing again.

Sarah’s Sunday was uneventful. She called round to see her mum in the nursing home, did some stuff around her house and researched and printed some things for work. She couldn’t decide wether to text Will or not. She had suggested meeting in a coffee shop after work but they hadn’t arranged anything formal and she knew that would be stressing Will. She worked late Tuesdays and Thursdays. Could she wait until Wednesday or even worse next Friday to see him? Her heart longed to be in his arms again and she gave in and texted him just after lunch on Sunday.

‘Hi Will, wondered if you would like to meet in Starbucks just along from McDonalds in the retail park after work tomorrow? 6pm?. Sarah xx’

Will was watching a film half asleep when the beep of his mobile startled him. He wasn’t sure what to text a beautiful girl a few days after making love to her so his anxiety told him just to do nothing. He cared. He just had no idea how to show it.

Starbucks? How Will longed to go there as he read review after review of their coffees and wished he could try one. He even googled scripts of how to order a coffee and rehearsed them alone in the hope one day his anxiety would ease enough to let him get inside a coffee shop. Add to the the fact he missed Sarah so much and before he could think any more about it he texted back.

‘Yes. See you there. Will’

He pressed send. Then he reread Sarah’s text six times over. She ended with two exes. Was that kisses? Should he have ended his with those? He had no idea. Maybe he should have? He decided he would. So he texted a second time.

‘Xx’ and pressed send.

Sarah smiled at the first text and burst out laughing at the second one. She could imagine Will rereading her text and then thinking he had forgotten the kisses and then deciding to correct himself. He so made her smile. He really was special and she was so looking forward to seeing him again.

She wondered if he was recording his intake and output or wether he had taken that photograph of his toilet yet. Then she remembered how he never used the bathroom at work and her body became very excited at the thought she might see Will desperate to pee again. Now that was a beautiful sexy thought indeed.

*056*2020-06-19 14:13

Chapter 28:

By Monday morning Will’s mind was more focused, more in control. He knew what to do on workdays, always getting out of bed at the same time, taking the same length of time to shower and dress and he made the same breakfast as always. It worked, and Will liked things to work. He liked his life controllable and predictable. If Will had his way even his peeing would be at the same time daily. Maybe that was party why he could only go at home? He’d never really thought about it he just knew that however much he wanted to he just could not release or relax properly until he was safe at home. In four years he had only ever used the toilet away from his home twice and those were both due to Sarah. He would be lying if he didn’t say that both those times had been euphoric but they were far from the norm and unlikely to happen again.

As Will drove to work he suddenly remembered that he was meeting Sarah after work in Starbucks. Fear, excitement and anxiety meant he almost didn’t see the traffic lights change and he was centimetres away from bumping into the car in front of him. He switched back to work mode immediately, deciding he would remain in that mode until the end of his work day.

He parked in the same spot he always did, signed in and slid his card to open his office door all without seeing a soul, just the way Will liked it. He hung his coat behind his seat, filled the coffee machine from the small sink in the room, switched it on and booted up his computer. It was time to work so Will switched off every other thought and focussed on work single mindedly. That was what made him good at what he did, one of his best character traits and something that very much delighted his employer.

Sarah chose her clothes with more attention than usual. This was like a proper date and although she had been very intimate with Will already she still wanted to look her best, her most attractive, for him whilst still looking professional for work. She opted for a little more attention to her make up, some jewellery she kept for special occasions and a pretty headscarf to accessorise with. The pretty pink roses on the otherwise white and navy scarf looked stunning against her navy trouser suit and white blouse. Her suit jacket looked a bit too formal to help her clients relax so she swapped it for a navy cardigan that was more relaxing and welcoming. She had a few heavy clients lined up who could potentially leave her drained and down so she was especially looking forward to seeing Will at 6pm.

Will’s morning was focused and busy as the problem he encountered with the software persisted throughout the morning. It was frustrating but Will persisted and was thorough until progress seemed to be made. He stopped briefly for lunch, which he had alone in his office whilst checking personal emails and having a read of the news online. He had already had two mugs of coffee whilst working so he drank a bottle of water with his chicken wrap and apple instead. He felt a slight twinge from his bladder but nothing worth even noting and since he never ever left his room during working hours, nor had he any idea where the bathrooms were, it certainly wasn’t going to bother Will. He would go when he got home later. Then he suddenly remembered he was meeting Sarah so he sighed and figured he would just hold a little longer tonight. No big deal. His bladder was strong and he had been holding for years so nothing to worry about.

Sarah arrived at work to quite a pile of mail that needed her attention. Bills, referrals and business information that she needed to sort through as soon as she could. Her working week, however, always commenced with a Skype call from her mentor to protect both her mental and physical health and to ensure Sarah didn’t feel isolated or alone. Sarah put the kettle on for a cup of tea to have while her and her mentor discussed important issues.

By the time her call had finished Sarah’s first client of the day was waiting. Whilst supporting and listening Sarah found herself having consumed a full glass of water over and above her tea earlier. The digestive biscuit she had eaten had made her thirsty. By the time her first client left and her notes were written up the next client was waiting. Some days were just so busy but Sarah wasn’t complaining as this was her livelihood, her own business, and she needed it to pay her bills. By the third client she felt a slight tingle between her legs reminding her she should pee as soon as she had an opportunity. With a client with her though her bladder would just need to wait.

Sarah was typing up some brief notes from her third client when her receptionist chapped her door.

‘I’m just nipping to the bakers and wondered if you fancied anything?’

Sarah’s cup a soup and crisps could wait for another day and she jumped at the chance of a freshly made roll and the delicious soup she knew the bakers always had.

‘Oh yes please Hannah. Would you mind getting me some soup, and a ham salad sandwich please? I’ll give you some money. Thank so much!’

As Sarah walked to the coat stand to get her handbag to give Hannah money she noticed the pile of mail she had left which Hannah had added to with today’s mail.

‘I’ve left a note of a couple of people I said you would call back Sarah. A GP from Southfield practice and the printers about your new business cards. I stuck them on a post-it note on top of the mail. See you soon!’

Sarah didn’t mind her receptionist leaving during lunch. She was so grateful for such a natural and intuitive young girl who could be trusted to work independently whilst she saw clients and she of all people knew how important breaks were and how beneficial a breathe of fresh air could be. The only downside was the fact she would need to answer the phone herself until Hannah returned.

As if reading her thoughts at that very moment the phone rang and Sarah answered it in her room as Hannah waved and closed the door quietly. It was a colleague from the children’s mental health team wanting to discuss a client who was moving onto adult services but who required continued support. Sarah opened up a file on her computer as she typed in details during the ten minute call. She then opened the mail, reading and dealing with each letter as necessary, completely forgetting her earlier thoughts of a bathroom visit. By the time she answered another call then ate her soup and roll and drank a mug of tea she suddenly realised her next client had arrived. Never mind, she would pee later. She still had some important calls to return and she needed to fit those in between clients too. It really was a hectic Monday!

*058*2020-06-20 16:50

Chapter 29:

By the time Sarah’s last client, well clients on this occasion as she tried to help them through some marriage difficulties, arrived Sarah was well aware of her bladder. As she opened her counselling room door to nip to the loo finally she was met by both clients having an argument in her waiting room. Whilst the waiting room was otherwise empty it was neither fitting nor appropriate for such behaviour and Sarah felt it would be better for everyone if they took the matter into her private room right away. Hannah didn’t need to hear raised voices, Sarah definitely didn’t want anything like this in the background during any phone calls and the last thing Sarah wanted was an all out fight to end her hectic Monday.

The adrenaline initially meant Sarah’s bladder was no longer sending signals, or maybe her body was just overriding these as a more urgent situation needed her attention first, but either way it was ten minutes into the session before Sarah remembered she really needed the bathroom. She hadn’t intended to but, once again, time had ran on and she had not had chance to pee her entire day.

This was a very intense session and Sarah most definitely could not call a break or excuse herself. Tensions ran very high between both parties and it was all Sarah could do to keep things calm and under control. She had to keep stopping them from raising voices and making each client stop and listen. It was emotionally draining not helped at all by the fact Sarah’s bladder decided to push against her for release. Sarah crossed her legs tight and tried to focus though her urethra was sending strong signals for her to get release. She bounced her knee, swung her top leg and used her hands and arms to pull her tightly crossed legs towards her as if hugging them. Her bladder was hard and full but it was impossible for Sarah to leave her room for the next hour and she was beginning to worry.

By 3:30 Will was aware of a growing need between his legs. This was standard though and he learnt to ignore it. For ages he carried on regardless showing no signs of needing the bathroom at all. In fact he was so cool about it that he had some more water while he worked, as well as a sneaky biscuit to keep him alert. He was focussed on work and that was what he was here for though by 4:15 he did feel the need to cross his legs as the feeling of fullness in his bladder was pushing for more release. He didn’t want to think about his change of routine tonight nor the fact he would need to hold his pee even longer than normal if he was to make it home dry as always. He had over an hour of work left and he wanted to get the task complete.

Sarah felt quite uncomfortable with the situation she was in, not just the animosity between both clients and the tension that this carried but by the fact she was getting increasingly keen to have a wee. She found herself unconsciously shifting about willing the session to be over, though when she glanced at the clock she was only 15 minutes into the hour. Time was dragging as she continually had to remind her clients why they were here and to listen and respect one another. Some moments she felt very in control, both of the work situation and her personal struggle but at other moments she felt uneasy and struggling.

She was fighting too battles simultaneously which made it much harder for her to keep her need for a bathroom at bay. She shuffled forward on her hard seat, having given both clients her leather armchairs, picking up papers to distract from the fact she was bouncing a little now on her seat. Her vagina just would not stop pounding and her bladder ached to be released. She tried turning on the seat and crossing her legs but that only stopped the constant bombardment from her bladder for a very short time. She asked her male client a question, only to have to request he repeated his answer because she was so distracted fidgeting on her seat to hear what he said. This made him angry which flared the situation even more! How dare her bladder affect her work! This was so incredulous when there was a ladies right next door! That thought taunted Sarah as she tried to remain in control despite being bursting.

Will was in the middle of typing when he suddenly felt a strong urge to piss. Instinctively he grabbed himself and squirmed on his seat. He always ended up very desperate to pee by the end of his long working day and his half hour drive home was always filled with frantic rubbing, pinching and bouncing on his seat. He’d worked in the same place now for three years but as he didn’t know anyone or speak to anyone he had no idea where the bathrooms where, and even if he did he knew he would never be able to ‘go’ regardless of how much he needed to. Will was so looking forward to getting back to his own apartment and using the toilet.

The thought increased his need and as he bounced both legs at the knee under his desk when his mind suddenly recalled his Starbucks meet up with Sarah! He actually thought about texting and cancelling when he remembered the feeling of her stunning auburn hair running through his fingers, the warmth of her lips as they kissed and as he closed his eyes he pictured her beautiful naked body. He was instantly hard now and knew there was no way, regardless of how hard the change would be for him, that he could cancel. He would just need to wait a bit longer to piss than normal. Sarah knew about his struggle and Will reasoned she would understand and perhaps come back to his again with him so he could pee. She always understood and helped him. He would make it. He had to.

Things were slowly calming a little for Sarah, at least on the work front. Both parties were relaxing more and a bit more open to hear the other party. Things were not at all calming between her legs though as her desire to pee kept increasing and increasing to the point she was sure that had the couple not been so angry at each other and entranced in their own troubles they would have been able to tell that they were in the presence of a professional lady who was very desperate to pee!

Sarah was sweating and warm from holding so much liquid that she took off her cardigan and folded it neatly on the floor beside her. She glanced up at the clock as she did so and noticed there was a full twenty minutes left of the session before she could pee. ‘This will be a close call’ she thought to herself as she wriggled around trying to stop herself from leaking. She was longing to hold between her legs but that was way too undignified and unprofessional. Instead she tightened her muscles as much as she could and squirmed as much as she dared. Oh how blissful her piss would be when she got to go! ‘Not long now’ she whispered to herself.

By 5:15 Will was bursting! He could hardly believe how suddenly his need had grown from casually needing a bathroom visit to absolutely desperate for one! Taking advantage of the privacy he had he had undone his trouser button and massaged his testicles and penis through his suit trousers and grey boxers. When he was hard and thinking of Sarah he found it eased his need but then something would distract him and suddenly his bladder would spasm and he ached to pee! He decided he would meet Sarah and they would go immediately to his apartment, just a small divert on the way home was all he could imagine coping with right now. His bladder was controlling his behaviour, his thoughts and his immediate future.

Sarah was trying to wind things down in her session when out of nowhere the female client burst into tears! Sarah handed her the box of tissue and the atmosphere changed and calmed as the girl sobbed for several minutes before she could even say anything. An awkward silence fell in the room only broken by the noise of Sarah squirming and swinging and bouncing her legs. Sarah cared about her clients, it was what set her apart as a counsellor and therapist, but she also cared about her own dignity and right now she knew she was not acting or looking professional as she moved about constantly on her seat. Her need to use a bathroom was all consuming and she hoped the client would settle quickly as not only did she need to run to the bathroom before she wet herself but she also longed to see Will. What she would do for one of his comforting, gentle and soothing hugs right now! Oh but she HAD to pee first, so urgently.

*059*2020-06-21 15:54

Chapter 30:

Sarah watched the clock as the hour of her clients appointment ticked by with neither of them showing any desire to leave. Sarah had a huge dilemma; her bladder and heart both longed for them to leave as her need to pee was fierce and her desire to see Will strong, but her head and business mind knew that rushing vulnerable clients out wasn’t at all good for business. She took control gently by summarising the session and using subtle body language such as putting her cardigan back on to indicate that today’s session had ended. This was the part of the job Sarah struggled with. She never could bring herself to be abrupt enough to say, ‘thanks for coming again. 

Please make your next appointment at the front reception on your way out.’ It just wasn’t Sarah’s style as she much preferred things to start and end naturally. But her need to pee was becoming all consuming and controlling and she found herself standing up and walking towards the door hoping her clients would finally leave. Any longer and the place would need locked up due to the alarm timer so Sarah was grateful when they both raised from their seats and put their coats on. Sarah stood with her legs tightly crossed pressing her muscles as tight as she could. As she pulled the door open to let the couple leave Sarah glanced at the waiting room clock realising she should leave immediately if she wanted to meet Will on time. She just had to wee first though, however late she was!

Will was struggling. His need to release was very strong and he could no longer think about work. He paced the room as he tried to work out what to do. He was frequently this desperate by this time of day and leaked a fair few times on his journey home but today he wasn’t going straight home. He was meeting Sarah somewhere he had always longed to go to but never managed. Somewhere new and different and terrifying. Will longed with all his heart to see Sarah, to sort his life out, to overcome his crippling anxiety, but right this second he longed to be in his apartment standing feet slightly apart, his penis in his hands as he relaxed and pissed for eternity. He slipped his hand inside his trouser waist and squeezed his penis closed as his mind almost caused his body to release.

There was just one thing stopping him cancelling or even texting Sarah and suggesting a later time and that was the sheer logistical fact that Starbucks was actually nearer than his own apartment. Surely they would have a toilet and surely,with Sarah’s support, he would manage to urinate there? Sarah had assisted him on two previous desperate emergencies before and he needed her help again so badly. Will quickly filled in the chart on his phone that he was completing for Sarah with the amount of liquid he consumed and the times he released. He calculated the exact volume of three mugs of coffee and two bottles of water as he rubbed his swollen and hard bladder and danced about frantic to pee. Five more minutes and he would slip out making sure to avoid all contact with other people and make his way to meet Sarah. He was sweating with nerves and too much waste fluid inside him. For the next five minutes he held and rubbed his penis trying to keep from leaking.

Sarah stood at the door to her room as her clients both checked their phones to clarify their next appointment. They were blocking Sarah moving and reaching the toilet and generally taking far too long to exit. Meanwhile Hannah had her coat on in preparation to leave, her computer already logged off and shut down as she diligently walked towards the others with a set of keys in her hand. Sarah was almost in tears trying to stop herself from having an accident as she bounced on the balls of her feet and bent forward as much as she dared.

She was almost physically pushing the couple out of the doorway when she watched Hannah in horror as she proceeded to lock both sets of toilets ready for the building being shut down. The facility was part of a larger building on a residential street with strict regulations about when they could open and close which had been agreed to appease local residents. To ensure this happened an alarm system was installed that went off if the building was still occupied after a certain time. Hannah, of course, knew this and having swept and tidied the waiting area, closed her reception desk and turned everything off she could, she was only doing her job to lock up as she was aware Sarah’s final clients of the day were running over time.

On seeing Hannah do this the couple suddenly realised their error and left promptly while Sarah had no choice but to quickly grab her laptop, notes and her coat and lock her room on her way out. She glanced briefly at the bathrooms almost in tears as she evacuated the building with just minutes to spare. Hannah breathed a loud sigh of relief as the two ladies headed to their cars and Sarah heard her shouting over ‘That was close tonight! I really wish clients would leave on time eh!’ Sarah climbed into her cold car wishing the exact same thing, though not just for the sake of some stupid alarm. Throwing her bag and laptop onto the passenger seat she threw one hand immediately between her legs as she closed the driver’s door.

As Hannah drove off Sarah found herself kneading her private area for all she was worth, almost masterbating with an extreme need to wee. She bounced up and down, one hand squeezing and pushing against her urethra as her legs bounced and writhed furiously in desperation. ‘I’m so bursting’ she muttered to herself. ‘Not sure I’m going to make it.’ And as if to emphasise to no-one else but herself, ‘I’m gonna pee myself if I don’t get to a loo soon!’ The 15 minute journey to Starbucks felt way too long! She doubted her capacity to last another five minutes let alone 15!

Will was a master at leaving his office without seeing anyone. If it was an Olympic event he would secure gold at every opportunity. He listened for footprints as he stood at the door, coat on, bag on his back and one hand squeezing his member for all he was worth. He signed out and swiped the doors open and was in his car in record time throwing his bag on the passenger floor, all the while holding his fledging penis between his thumb and forefinger as it craved to be free to piss. 

As quick as he could Will fastened his seatbelt, started his car and drove out the car park. He was so tempted to just drive home, pee, cook Monday nights dinner like he always did and forget all about Sarah but he knew that was just a combination of his severe bladder urgency and his severe anxiety. He wasn’t sure he could make it to Starbucks dry but since it was five minutes and twenty seconds nearer that his home (Will thrived on exact times) he theorised that he had marginally more chance of making it there dry than home. He just hoped tonight’s traffic would be kind!

Wether it was the distraction of seeing Will again or the logistics of diving but Sarah found her intense need dying down ever so slightly to a dull ache as she made her way through rush hour traffic to the coffee shop. Oh she still needed to pee, extremely badly, but as long as her mind thought of something else she seemed under control, just. It didn’t stop her muttering in frustration at ever amber or red light and every slow car at the roundabouts though. ‘Oh hurry up, I’m bloody dying for a piss here’ and ‘Oh God lights change NOW before I soak myself and my car’ and even when traffic was moving steadily she was moaning to herself, ‘Oh gotta pee’. Sarah just hoped the ladies in Starbucks didn’t have a queue.

Will was tearful, stressed, angry and agitated. His need to use a bathroom was making him edgy and snappy. He cursed at every red light, flashed his lights at a slow bus and tooted when a taxi cut him up. It was somewhat out of character for Will but his body was in pain and his penis ached with the squeezing. His boxers were already damp with drops of urine and Will was angry at himself for his sheer inability to find the toilets at work, use them, speak to people and pee with others around. What could be so difficult when your whole body would do anything for release? This wasn’t fun anymore and he wanted it over with now. Anger at least pushed his anxiety aside and enabled him to turn off the main road and second left into the retail park where he found the coffee shop and parked facing away from the entrance so no-one could see his clenched teeth and crotch holding. He was so distracted by the burning sensation in his urethra he hadn’t noticed a car pulling up speedily beside him.

Sarah pulled into the car park driving one handed as she pushed against her work trousers and knickers urgently. As she raced into the retail area she skidded into the parking space at record speed. ‘Almost there’ she muttered as she unclipped her seatbelt and grabbed her hand bag with not a moment to spare.

Will caught a glimpse of the girl getting out beside him and he was once again entranced by everything about her. Her smart work trousers, her fitted white blouse, her navy cardigan he could easily imagine removing from her and her feminine little light scarf that bounced off her breasts and bouncing legs. Sarah didn’t look happy though and Will wondered if his lack of texts or emails were to blame. He opened his car door and climbed out, immediately having to tightly cross his legs as a small squirt shot from his throbbing dick.

At first Sarah hadn’t even noticed Will but hearing the car door shut just after hers made her turn. She couldn’t help but pee dance madly between the cars as she noticed Will bent forward and obviously holding himself.

‘Hi Will, please excuse me here. I’ll be with you really soon but honestly if I stand here another minute I’m going to piss myself so badly. I’m beyond desperate to pee. I’ll meet you inside in a bit...or come get you in your car if that’s easier’ she shouted back as she ran towards the entrance.

Will stood there legs crossed, hand squeezing his crotch, bent forward wondering wether to try facing the gents or risk waiting for Sarah in his car in the hope he could hold on while she peed and then the next four minutes plus to his apartment. He looked at the entrance to the coffee shop, then his car, then back to the shop as he hobbled towards the shop obvious to anyone looking that he was a man right on the verge of an accident.

*061*2020-06-22 13:31

Chapter 31:

Sweat drops gathered on Will’s forehead and the back of his shirt was warm and sweaty. He was well out of his comfort zone but faced with the fact his body was demanding strongly for somewhere to pee he pushed himself through. He almost ran after Sarah with one hand in his pocket grabbing his penis and the other hand trying to hide the growing wet spot on the front of his suit trousers. His teeth were clenched, his muscles tight, his toes curled as his whole body tried to hold on just a bit longer. The lights were bright, the sound of coffee machines and chatter overwhelming and the warmth of the building made him sweat more than ever. Will looked at the floor, raising his head just enough to watch Sarah’s feet run to the corner where he assumed the bathrooms were. Then she suddenly disappeared.

Sarah was mortified. She was a businesswoman, respected in the community and at risk of seeing current or previous clients in a public coffee shop in the town she lived and worked in. Yet here she was hurrying to the toilets in the least ladylike manner ever. She could feel her urethra so strong as it pushed frantically for release. Her bladder hurt, her head was spinning, her eyes felt like they were filled and overflowing. All she could do was attempt to get to the ladies before her body gave in. She saw the sign marked ‘toilets’ and made a run for it.

Will entered the door and stood trying to process his surroundings for a second. A further four doors were signposted: ladies, gents, disabled and baby change. He was struggling to think but the visual sign of the man forced him to push open the gents. Will stood there frozen in fear, holding his penis as tight as he could through his trouser pocket. There in front of him was another man peeing freely into a urinal and one of the two cubicles also appeared occupied. Will ran to the free cubicle as his breathing became faster and his heart beat loud. He could barely breathe let alone pee, though he hastily went through the motions of undoing his trousers and pulling his penis out of his damp underwear. Will stood there dying for release but so tense and afraid that nothing would work, regardless how badly he needed it too.

Sarah was so relived to see a stall free. She pushed the door shut, locked it and turned whilst dancing about like a little child. Her bladder was so full that she had to tug her trousers down as she sat down and relaxed. As the first spurt escaped she immediately knew something was wrong. She felt so much warmth and wetness, more than she should of, and as she glanced down she realised that her knickers had had a lower waistband to her trousers and hence as she pulled her trousers down her knickers had remained on. Sarah tried standing up over the toilet, her feet on the floor either side and she managed to pull her knickers just an inch down before the floodgates opened with a vengeance. It was too late. Her knickers were getting drenched so she left them half on, half off as she allowed her body to piss for all it was worth. Just then her mobile beeped with a message.

‘Sarah, please help me.’

Sarah replied as her pee gushed out of her at speed. ‘Have you made it to the toilets Will or are you still in your car?’

‘In toilet. People here. Can’t pee’

‘Will you can do this. I need you to stop texting and find the photograph of your toilet at home on your phone. Look at it, visualise yourself there, switch off to everything else. Imagine how it will feel to let yourself relax and release. Think of that picture as where you at right now, freely able let go, happy and secure. Text me back if you need any more help. Thinking of you. Sarah xx’

Will was crying. His boxers were wet, there was a wet patch on his suit trousers and he was standing abreast over a toilet holding his flaccid penis loosely in his hand with his phone in the other. He did exactly as Sarah said and pressed ‘photos’ on his iPhone and scrolled to the photo of his toilet back home. He tried to imagine being there but just then the toilet in the adjacent cubicle flushed and he wanted to scream. He wanted silence to do this and he wanted privacy.

In frustration he came out of photos and text Sarah again. ‘This is hard’

Immediately she replied: ‘I know but if you can do this I have something for you. I think you will like it.’

That got Will’s interest and his mind went into a spin. He wanted to know what it was but he could not leave the cubicle until he released. He brought the photo back up, shut off his mind to the sights and sounds around him and imagined himself in his own bathroom, looking at the toilet on his phone, relaxed, happy and secure. It took over a minute before his body finally responded to his thoughts as slowly a little urine released then stopped, then restarted, then stopped. Finally a slow but steady stream came as Will signed with relief, though his stream had a mind of its own and was not for ending any time soon.

Sarah was so relieved to have made it...well sort of made it. Even after her pee ended and she sat there sighing from the intensity and relief suddenly out of nowhere she began pissing again. Clearly her bladder still had some left! Her knickers were drenched but other than a coin size wet spot her trousers seemed to have escaped. Sarah shook her trousers off as another spurt of pee dribbled out of her yet again. She pushed her trousers to the side as she pulled her soaked pants off and put them on the floor away from her trousers. She picked up her handbag and rummaged for the little sandwich bags she kept for disposing of used sanitary wear. 

Finding one she picked up her wet knickers and put them in the bag just as Will texted her saying ‘This is hard.’ Suddenly out of nowhere Sarah had a naughty idea. She recalled how aroused Will was by her desperation and urgency to pee at the weekend and she tied the plastic bag and changed her mind from putting it in the sanitary bin as originally planned to putting it in her own bag. It wasn’t the first this had happened to her, though thankfully it was still rare. She text Will suggesting to him she had a surprise before putting her suit trousers on with nothing underneath and flushing. She could not stop smiling as she thought of Will while she washed her hands hoping that he had managed to pee. She imagined him so desperate at work again, thought back to seeing him holding himself when she saw him at his car and combined with her naughty secret of having wet pants in her handbag and no knickers on she found herself very horny for Will again.

Will was so proud of himself, though somehow he still felt he hadn’t quite emptied as much as he needed. He had released loads though and nothing else was for coming right now so he tucked himself in, flushed, washed up and headed outside hoping Sarah was waiting for him and he wouldn’t have to enter the coffee shop on his own. He was so relieved to see her when he came out he threw his arms around her spontaneously and kissed her beautiful lips.

Sarah pulled away though she held onto Will closely.

‘So it worked?’

‘Yes! You are wonderful!’

And at that he kissed her again.

‘Let’s get that coffee Will eh?’

‘Yes please. I want to know what you have for me too.’

‘Let’s order and I’ll tell you handsome!’

*062*2020-06-23 21:04

Chapter 32:

Will found the coffee shop every bit as fear inducing as he thought it would be. Sarah lead him to a chair near the window with as much privacy as possible but still Will was visibly shaking and panicky. This was so out of his comfort zone but he was thirsty and he had wanted to try a caramel macchiato for as long as he could remember! He concentrated on slowing his breathing as he sat down.

Sarah could see how hard this was for Will but she knew from her training that pushing boundaries was the best way to overcome barriers in life. She was so proud of Will but she knew and understood his difficulties too. This was his first ever trip to a coffee shop so she was happy to order for them both. She went close to Will and asked him clearly what he wanted and smiled as he pointed on the menu. Sometimes Will just couldn’t speak and that was fine with Sarah. What he lacked in anxiety, fear and social struggles he more than made up for in other ways.

Sarah came back with one caramel macchiato and one cafe latte. Both looked amazing and as he sipped his coffee Will was noticeably calming. There was so much he longed to say but finding the right words was just so hard in public.

Sarah was happy to initiate as she spoke about her busy day and apologised about her earlier desperation outlining to Will how she hadn’t managed to go all day and how she was increasingly bursting but how her receptionist had locked the toilets and she thought she would wet herself. Sarah knew full well the effect this would have on Will but she continued anyway. In a volume that kept others from hearing too much detail, Sarah retold in detail her bouncing, fidgeting, squirming and holding that had lead to her running to the loo not fifteen minutes beforehand.

Will was infatuated with Sarah and the more he heard about her desperation the harder his penis got and the more he wanted her. He tried drinking his coffee as a distraction but lowering his head to get to his mug only put Sarah’s delicious breasts pright in his eye-line. God was she stunning and hearing about her bursting was consuming him with sheer lust. To avoid stroking himself publicly Will placed one hand onto the table but when Sarah touched his hand his entire body was alight with passion.

Sarah was certain of the effect she was having on Will. It was only fair, she reasoned to herself, since the very thought of him made her weak at the knees! When she saw Will’s hand on the table she gently touched it. She’d only know this man a mere few days but the chemistry between them was intense. Sarah leaned forward and whispered into Will’s ear.

‘I was so bursting, so desperate, so urgently craving release Will that I had a little accident. I couldn’t get my knickers down in time and I pissed myself with them on. I’ve kept them if you would like them?’

Will very near shot his load at that! He pulled Sarah’s face to his and kissed her deeply, his long hard penis pounding against the table beneath him with longing for Sarah’s body. He hoped sarah knew the answer by his actions as he didn’t want to appear like a dog on heat by trying to find words. He only pulled his mouth away from Sarah’s to finish his coffee. His caramel macchiato was delicious but nowhere near as delicious as Sarah was. He wanted her so much.

Sarah wanted to get to know Will all of a sudden, she reasoned it would make her feel less slut like for fucking an ex-client and basically a stranger. After all she was about to give him a pair of pants she had just pissed in and really that wasn’t normal to do with someone you only just met 4 days previously.

‘So you said you had fish for dinner on a Friday. What’s your Monday menu then?

She hoped Will wouldn’t think she was mocking him or looking for a cheap laugh because she intended neither of those.

Will loved that Sarah had recalled that Fridays were his fish night and he was happy to share how Monday was curry night. He was a little surprised though to hear Sarah laugh at his reply. What was so hilarious about curry? He looked at Sarah confused.

Sarah laughed, though immediately regretted it. It must have looked like she was laughing at Will when she wasn’t at all. She was laughing at the irony that she had a curry already bubbling in her slow cooker waiting for her to come home! Of all the things she could have prepared before work she had to have chosen the one thing Will ate this exact night. That, she reasoned, was an omen.

‘Sorry Will. I wasn’t laughing at you. It’s just...well you so won’t believe this...but before I left for work today I put some chicken and sauce and vegetables in my slow cooker...to make a chicken curry! I mean what’s the chances of that?’

Will’s mind immediately tried to work out the exact statistical possibility of that but with too many variables he just looked at Sarah and shrugged.

There was an awkward silence before Sarah came to the logical conclusion.

‘Will, would you like to come to mine for curry? I mean it’s all ready I just need to boil some rice and heat the nan bread and...sorry you must think I’m crazy...maybe I am?’

Will stood up and walked towards Sarah, pulling her up and kissing her deeply in full public view, his erect penis rubbing her inside leg.

Will hated change but some changes were different. He longed for Sarah with every fibre in his body. He also happened to be pretty hungry and nothing sounded more comforting, more appealing than the very thing he had every Monday night. At least now, he reasoned, he would spare the preparation and cleaning up, both of which he hated. Besides he so wanted those wet knickers from Sarah but he knew enough about social norms to know that exchange, just like the other exchange his body wanted with Sarah, was best done in private.

*063*2020-06-24 13:50

Chapter 33:

Sarah held Will’s hand, her fingers intwined in his, as she lead him to the car park to their cars.

‘Do you want my postcode for your sat-Nov or would you like to follow me?’

Will always drove with his sat nav on, even when he knew where he was going. It was like having a passenger with him and the voice soothed and comforted him and reassured him as he drove. Will looked at the ground embarrassed.

‘Could I have your postcode and house number please?’

Sarah opened her door and found a piece of paper and pen in her glove box and wrote the details for Will as she felt this would settle his anxiety more than if she just told him. As she wrote it she reassured Will by saying she was just ten minutes further east than his apartment and that it was mostly main road all the way. Sarah handed Will the paper and kissed him on the cheek.

‘Will, you are amazing! See you in about 15 minutes handsome. Just pull behind me into the driveway if you want.’ And at that she blew him a kiss.

Sarah climbed in her car smiling from ear to ear. She really liked Will and he sent her into a frenzy so quickly. He was everything she wanted and so much more but she felt a little crazy, childish even, getting excited about him seeing her house. It wasn’t anything like as ordered and pristine as Will’s but it was hers and just where she felt comfortable. The traffic had cleared from the evening rush hour and Sarah found it easy to keep Will’s car in sight behind her as she drove.

Will typed the new unfamiliar postcode in and pressed navigate. He was shaking slightly with nerves, his penis still way more erect that it usually was when he drove and his heart beating wildly. He couldn’t stop his mind drifting to hearing about Sarah not peeing all day and how she described her need so sexily. Just her voice made him weak at the knees. He concentrated on following the familiar voice which took him an unfamiliar route, the anxiety stirring inside him. His stomach rumbled with hunger which pushed him past his fear as he continued to stay within sight of Sarah’s car.

Sarah pulled into her driveway with Will just behind. Sarah pulled her laptop bag and handbag out of the car and headed to the door to unlock it. She beckoned to Will to come in and as he approached the front door she gently pulled him in and took off his coat leading him into her small but comfortable lounge.

‘Make yourself comfortable Will while I cook the rice and bread. Put the TV on if you like?’

She handed Will the remote as he turned the news on and sat on the couch to watch. Sarah slipped into the kitchen, just off the living room, and put some rice in a pot with water and took the nan from the fridge. She checked the curry, it’s full and appealing aroma filling the entire house, then opened a bottle of wine and poured two glasses. She slipped into the living room, kissing Will on the cheek and handed him some wine.

Will adored the smell of the curry as it wafted around him. He was so looking forward to eating and so grateful for the wine as he sipped his glass while catching up on current affairs, surprisingly more comfortable than he expected to be in unfamiliar surroundings.

When Sarah appeared soon after with a plate of curry with rice and nan bread on the side Will thought he was in heaven. He ate every last bit, drinking two glasses of water to wash it down. It was amazing, he thought, how much better and happier people felt when they had had a good meal.

Sarah watched Will eat with such contentment. He was so grateful, so happy, so relaxed looking though she could not help but smile as she watched him drink two full glasses of water. She herself hadn’t drank much less though as she had consumed a glass of wine while cooking and almost two glasses of water with her meal without thinking.

Sarah cleared the dishes away and loaded the dishwasher before returning quickly to sit down on the couch beside Will who was happily watching TV still. She brought in the remains of the wine and poured them both a glass as they chilled together content with each other’s presence and satisfied after a delicious meal.

Sarah was the first to start up conversation, as was normal since they met.

‘Hey, I haven’t given you your present yet have I? Sorry Will!’

Will tried to act cool and laid back but the image in his head of Sarah bursting and not quite getting to the toilet in time, combined with the fact he had longed to touch and smell and...well masterbate....over a pair of knickers a girl had wet all his life gave him an instant hard on.

Sarah was so excited, so aroused at the thought of giving Will her knickers.

‘I forgot you have not had any underwear on since Starbucks Sarah! How does it feel to, you know, feel the crotch of your trousers against your...’

‘My pussy lips? Oh it’s quite ticklish, quite arousing actually! Quite airy and liberating...but I don’t make a habit of going knickerless haha’

Will laughed though his mind was instantly trying to imagine what lay under Sarah’s smart suit trousers, wondering if she had been wearing a skirt if anyone in the coffee shop might have seen her naked crotch. Will’s mind and body were in synch as he lusted after Sarah, though he tried not to be too full on.

‘Here. Feel them, smell them, put them to your skin. Whatever you want. You can keep them forever as a souvenir if you like?’

Will felt naughty. Sarah was taking him to the point so quickly that he had to have her. His hard dick was twitching in his trousers, yearning to be touched and stroked.

Will coughed, a fake, embarrassment cough.

‘Emmm, really? Whatever I want with them?’

‘Oh course!’

Will fished the wet knickers from the bag, smelling them, licking them, feeling every part of them before undoing his fly, pulling out his long erect penis and covering it in Sarah’s wet underwear. God he loved this girl! She was the sexiest, most incredible girl alive...

Sarah watched what Will was doing in amazement and curiosity. God this man was like all her dreams come true! He was aroused by exactly the same things as she was. And right now she was terribly aroused and longing.

*065*2020-06-25 21:23

Chapter 34:

Sarah gulped the last remaining mouthful of wine down before unbuttoning Will’s shirt as slowly and provocatively as she could, running her tongue down Wills chest as she did so. Meanwhile Will was undoing the hook on Sarah’s suit trousers and looking longingly at her naked legs and crotch. He slipped his hands around her as she continued to slowly and sexually undress him, feeling her beautiful bum cheeks and slowly teasing his hands to touch her vaginal lips. Sarah took one of his hands away, gently standing him up so she could undo and remove his suit trousers. She explored his bottom cheeks with her hands, circling them and discovering every little area before exploring his testicles with her fingers, all the while his huge hard penis still wrapped up in her damp knickers from her earlier wetting.

Seeing her damp underwear sent a little signal to her body that her bladder could once again do with being emptied. Now wasn’t the time for boring things like toilet visits though so she continued undressing Will pulling his trousers and boxers right off and massaging his feet as she removed each sock. All the time Will was exploring Sarah and undressing her simultaneously as his eyes lit up at the beauty and perfection before him. Regardless how much he longed to fuck Sarah he wanted to take his time this time and linger in fore play as long as he could.

Soon the only piece of clothing on either of them was the damp Knickers loosely tied around Will’s dick. Sarah teased him by stroking him lightly with her hands on her own underpants as she watched Wills face and body react. She was so temped to mount him as he sat on the couch in front of her but she wanted to linger in the moment much longer too. This was all she had ever dreamt of and so much more.

Sarah sat down beside Will, cuddled into his arms as his hand and fingers caressed her hair lovingly. Her hands still exploring Wills body while her head rested on his shoulders.

‘Will, would you prefer we stayed down here or be upstairs? I don’t mind?’

‘Mmmmmm....I’m very happy here just now. How about you?’

Sarah turned Will’s face towards her as she turned her body to face towards him as they kissed passionately, their naked bodies touching each other sending waves of desire through them both. After a few minutes Sarah slowly pulled away.

‘Will, are you thirsty? That curry left me dry. You want some more wine? Coffee? Water?’

‘Mmmmm coffee served by a naked waitress? Yes please!’

Will watched Sarah’s bum wiggle as she nipped to the kitchen to make another drink, his penis slowly settling down as she did so. As Will looked around the room at Sarah’s plants, books on her coffee table and pictures on the wall he felt a sudden spasm from nowhere. His bladder was filling fast and it was starting to want release. Will had no idea where Sarah’s bathroom was. He had only came through the front door and into the living room and had yet to even see her kitchen. He felt awkward asking so he ignored the signal and carried on.

Sarah was shocked at how suddenly she needed the loo! The second she walked next door to the kitchen and the slight temperature change affected her, combined with filling the kettle with water, she found herself doing a slight pee dance while she tried to concentrate on making Will a coffee and herself a tea. She sneaked a peek into the lounge seeing a naked Will walking around the room looking a little anxious.

Will stood up and walked around a bit hoping his need to pee would die away quick. Now just didn’t seem the right time at all to be disturbing the flow to go to the bathroom. He would wait until they went upstairs later and see where it was then, assuming of course he could muster the strength to use it.

Sarah returned with two mugs of hot drinks and some biscuits.

‘You chilly Will? We can go upstairs if you prefer?’

Will thought about his need to empty his bladder but decided sitting beside a naked and beautiful girl was of much more importance than anything else right now. Before Sarah sat down after putting the drinks down Will pulled her into him holding her naked body to his and kissing her for all he was worth.

Finally Sarah sat down though Will noticed she seemed less relaxed, a bit distracted.

‘Are you ok Sarah?’

‘Yeah. Yes of course. Just a bit...emmmm....chilly. I’ll get a blanket.’

Sarah opened a drawer in the lounge and pulled out a fleece blanket as they snuggled together enjoying just being with each other. Will laid back on the couch with one leg lying the length of the couch with Sarah between his legs, his dick feeling the soft of her back, the blanket over his legs and Sarah’s.

Without the pressure and distraction of eye contact Will was more open and chatty.

‘Will, can I ask you something?’

‘Ask away my beauty.’

‘You know how you only use your own bathroom. I keep thinking about that you know. It fascinates me so much. I keep thinking if I did that I’m be so bursting, so desperate, I’d have so many accidents. You must have amazing control.’

‘It’s not something I planned you know. It never used to bother me. You know, when I was younger. I hated, I mean really hated, the school toilets so I would hold all day at school and be so bursting when I got home. But other than school I didn’t really intentionally tell myself ‘oh you can only piss at home’ or anything like that. I guess it all started when I was ten in school.’

Sarah had handed Will his coffee and he sipped and stroked Sarah’s hair between opening up.

‘Do you want to talk about that day Will? I’d love to hear about it.’

Sarah sounded like the counsellor she was trained to be, yet deep inside somewhere she kept very private, she longed to hear how desperate young Will had been in school because it turned her on. This was why she could never have discussed these issues in a paid capacity, but naked in Wills body, not even having to look him in the eyes, she felt it was ok to get aroused by his experience. Besides, she was already very aroused by Will and her own need to pee was adding to that state by the minute too. To prevent herself stroking herself she stroked Wills inside leg instead.

‘I’ve been ready to talk about that since we first met Sarah. I think you have the key to helping me move on from this.’

&&

*067*2020-06-26 13:58

{{3 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

And here's a humble contribution from my side to this absolutely gorgeous tale of love and desperation! I present to you, ladies and gentlemen, WillSara!

}}

I absolutely love this and would love more images! This is so good and enhances the story so much. Thank you

*068*2020-06-26 20:54

Chapter 35:

Sarah sipped at her tea, aware her bladder was already rather full but enjoying the comfort of the hot drink anyway. Sitting between Will’s legs made her so secure, so wanted. She certainly didn’t intend leaving to be alone in the bathroom and she didn’t want to miss a single moment of Will’s conversation.

‘Will, I’m here and ready. Just take it at your own pace.’

‘Well, as I said, I hated school toilets. I remember seeing them when I first started school and being horrified at the thing on the wall I was supposed to pee into. My parents didn’t send me to nursery. I was an only child so it wasn’t until I started school that I saw my first urinal. I think maybe before that if I was out with mum she just took me to the ladies. I can’t really remember using bathrooms much outside the house ever. Anyway, the school toilets just didn’t feel like the bathroom at home in any way. The thought that someone else could use the toilet at the same time as me in another cubicle just felt wrong.

Where was the bath? As a child it just looked, smelt and even sounded different. I was instantly terrified of those hand drier things too. I mean who even invented those? I remember as young as 4, maybe 5 just thinking ‘no thanks’ when I saw the school bathrooms. I stuck to that too you know. My mum, or my child minder would pick me up at 3pm and I would be doing that whole kid pee dance thing and almost holding myself utterly desperate for the loo. I always prayed it was mum picking me up so I could get home to pee. I lived just over a mile from school but my mum worked so she would get me by car. I would sit in the back of the car squeezing my penis closed and squirming like crazy every single day. I think mum knew but she never ever said anything. I always said I was going upstairs to do homework but it was always to get to the bathroom before I wet myself. The days I had the child minder were the worse thought...’

Sarah was enjoying Will’s memory immensely though her own body, wether in sympathy for the young Will in the story or due to too many drinks, was very much feeling the same need to pee as Will was describing. Unconsciously she was squirming and fidgety as she placed her empty mug on the table. While she paused to do so Will downed the remainder of his coffee and sat his mug down too. Sarah snuggled back into his chest, her back against his hairy chest, her neck resting on Will’s shoulder behind her. She took Will’s arm that was nearest the couch and cupped his hand over her naked breast knowing exactly what effect this would have on Will. He wasn’t objecting.

Will had longed to offload this memory for so long that despite being bursting for the toilet, every bit as much as he had been back in his school days, he was determined not to ruin his one chance to be helped. Taking a break, regardless how short, would throw his thoughts and momentum and he may never get this opportunity ever again. He’d wait. Touching the breasts of a beautiful naked woman was sure to help at least.

‘So sometimes my mum couldn’t finish for 3 and I had to go with a child minder. She was nice enough and gave me snacks and stuff but I always felt weird using her bathroom as the kids were meant to stay downstairs but her only bathroom was upstairs. I was scared to get shouted at or something.’

Will shifted on the couch as he felt Sarah wriggling too. He ought to be hard so physically close to such a stunning girl and feeling her wonderful sexy breasts but his need to pee was unfortunately preventing that happening. In fact his free hand was touching himself frequently but not to cum, more to help keep urine at bay. Still he really didn’t want to move despite how uncomfortable he was.

Sarah was so ridiculously horny but becoming more and more in need of a bathroom break. Will was more, much more, important than her bladder though. She squirmed against the couch and crossed her legs with both legs on the couch feeling Will’s breath on her neck with his every word.

‘So I would play a computer game or with Lego or watch TV and keep fidgeting about trying to hold on. I’m pretty sure the child minder knew but she never once said. I can’t really recall if I ever did use her bathroom but if I did it was very rare. By the time my mum would come I would be holding myself openly, red faced. I dreaded my mum and the child minder chatting but my mum wasn’t that chatty really thankfully. I remember sometimes getting in the car from the child minder and my mum saying she was bursting for the loo. Maybe she was trying to make me feel better but I don’t know. Now and again I look back and wonder if maybe I inherited my fear of other toilets from her. Who knows?’

Sarah could feel Will touching himself which turned her on so much more. With Will’s hand still fondling her breast, her bladder pounding for release and her clitoris rock hard and protruding she could not stop herself from playing with her own vaginal area with her free hand.

Will whispered in her ear, ‘Is this turning you on?’ ‘Yes’ Sarah replied as Will licked the back of her neck.

‘So what was different the day you were ten when, you know, it changed?’

‘Well I’m not really sure why but by lunchtime that day I felt a bit of a need to pee. I think it was cold outside or I had drank more of my water bottle and had a carton of juice with my lunch or, I don’t really know, I just recall being in the playground after lunch and needing the toilet. Of course I didn’t go. I didn’t play football or anything. I kind of just watched other kids mostly from memory but this lunchtime I remember walking about quite aware I needed the bathroom but determined to hold. When we went back inside it didn’t go away, in fact the need was constant. But afternoon was just an hour and a half so I figured I would be ok. I swung my legs, crossed them and wriggled about on my chair. It was constant though and even getting stronger and then the teacher called us to sit on the carpet for some reason. I could not sit still by then. I was rocking, wriggling, so fidgety and I was sweating. 

Then this other kid shouted out. ‘Miss I think William needs the toilet. Look!’. I was so embarrassed and tried so hard to sit still but I could feel the pee right at the end of my penis as I sat on my knees with my hand in my trouser pocket holding myself and squirming so bad. I didn’t talk in school, not to the teachers anyway. The teacher looked at me and asked if I was ok and I just nodded. So she handed us a worksheet and sent us back to our desk. I was incredibly bursting now. I swung my legs so much hoping it would help but it didn’t. I was angry at myself and my bladder for not being able to hold on until I got home but I knew I just couldn’t. I think the teacher knew because she came over to my desk and quietly whispered to me ‘William do you need to go to the bathroom?’ I nodded squirming like crazy. She told me to go and I got up and ran out. I was almost wetting myself I was so desperate.’

It was like Will was back in that moment right now again. He paused to squirm and bounce his leg which was on the floor up and down whilst tightly holding his penis closed. He had no idea where Sarah’s loo was but he badly needed to ask. He could not get up until Sarah moved though.

He blew onto Sarahs hair and watched as her body reacted. He knew where her hand was as he felt her body gently rock back and forth against his testicles. Will’s head was turned on though his body was too intent on holding his bladder at bay to reflect that.

Will took a breath and whispered into Sarah’s ear.

‘Honey, I actually really really need to piss right now too. I’m bursting. Can I nip to your bathroom please?’

Sarah laughed.

‘Oh my Will, I’m really really bursting too. The only thing preventing me pissing myself is my fingers inside myself. Have a feel sweetie’

And at that she took Will’s hand from her breast and placed it over her throbbing pussy, which devoured his hand and fingers like a starved animal. Will shook as Sarah tipped her head back in enjoyment as he felt how wet and warm Sarah was. He kissed Sarah’s face though he had to force himself to squirm badly even with the weight of Sarah on top of him.

‘You really are beautiful Sarah. I just can’t wait much longer. I’ve been holding and holding and holding on and....oh fuck it’s about to burst out babe. Will grabbed his dick for all he was worth with the only hand he had free as a small squirt leaked out.

Meanwhile Will felt liquid surround his hand between Sarah’s legs. It seemed more moist, thinner, than her mucus as Sarah moaned.

‘Sorry Will. It’s not going to stay in. I’m trying. Oh fuck I have to piss Will.’

