No wee for a waitress!!

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-11-02 21:53

A girl visited her ex schoolfriend at her new job.

Both girl’s were over 18 years at that time.

She was working as waitress at a little coffee shop in a large shopping mall.

The girls were glad to see each other after a longer period of time and they loved to have the opportunity for a small talk.

“How are you?

It’s really nice and pretty here!

How do you like your new job?“ wanted the girl know.

“Thank you for asking. I am very happy with this job!

I am working for my own, nobody tells me what i have to do and the working schedule is also very good.

I can close at 7 pm when the mall is closing and what is Important for me as well, they pay a very good money.

The only problem is that i can’t go to the toilet at the entire day .“ said the waitress.

“Why can’t you go to the toilet?“ asked the friend curious and lewd.

“Because we don’t have a toilet in our shop and i can’t leave the shop for using the toilet in the mall. The toilet is too far away and it would last too long.

At the end of my shift i am always needing to wee very bad and it is sometimes not so easy to work for hours with a very full bladder.“ answered the girl.

„Are you needing to wee now?“ asked the friend. It was 5 pm at that time.

“Sure i am needing to wee, indeed pretty urgently , I have not been at the loo since 7.30 in the morning.

Holding is a part of my job, they pay a good money and therefore has my bladder suffer .“replied the waitress and crossed her long, slim legs which were bare far up over her knees.

The schoolfriend was in omorashi and she was bi.

“You looks so hot and so sexy with your super short skirt and with your gorgeous naked crossed legs.“said the friend.

“You still like to see me desperate!!?? Don’t you??“asked the waitress and then they talked about their schooldays and about that they were one of those girls who never used the toilet at school.

They talked about that the friend always tried to prevent that the girl went to toilet after a long school day and that she wanted to make her hold and wait for so long as possible.

“Oh yes, i still love it to see you holding and crossing your legs and i still love to see that your belly is swollen from your overfilled bladder.

The imagination that you can’t go to the toilet the entire day and that you have to hold it back no matter how urgently you would need to piss, is turning me on very much.“ answered the friend.

“I see, nothing has changed, you are still a sadist, but you are not the only one, my current friend is a sadist as well, he loves to make me hold and he likes to see me desperate and frantic to wee.

Since he is knowing that i can’t go to the toilet all day long and since he knows that my bladder is very, very full when he is picking me up at evening, he wants to make me hold for some hours longer.

Sometimes he don’t let me use the toilet at the mall before we leave and then he brings me somewhere where i still can’t go for hours longer.

But sorry, i have to work now.“ said the waitress and was still standing with her naked thighs squeezed hard together.

“You can visit me again, then i can tell you more about my friends cravings, if you want to hear it!?“ continued the waitress.

“I think that i trained you good for doing your new looless job, i should get rewarded for that!

I’ll pick up next week for a girls night and no wee for you before we leaving the mall!!???

I forgot what a horny gal you are and how cute and sexy you are if you are desperate to piss !!“ said the girl and smiled.

*001*2024-11-08 23:10

The schoolfriend, Lisa was her name, was absolutely impressed about her friend the waitress - Lou .

She was aroused and turned on about her sexy body in the sexy outfit, about her long, slim legs which were nude nearly up to her ass and she was impressed about her bladder control and about her holding performance.

The circumstance that Lou could not go to toilet the entire day, that she could absolutely not wee no matter how bad and how urgently she would need to do it, was turning her on especially.

She remembered at their high schooldays, when she invited Lou to her home, after she had not used the toilet even once all day long.

Lou wanted to the loo as soon as they arrived at Lisa’s home , but Lisa didn’t let her.

She made her hold sometimes for hours longer, she didn’t let her do a much needed wee, she didn’t let her out of her room, not even when Lou told her that she can’t stand it anymore, not even when she was begging to let her finally wee.

The more desperate Lou was getting, the more horny was Lisa getting and sometimes Lou as well.

She remembered at that days and at all that fun which they had together and she wanted to have that again.

Not even one week later after her first visit, she went again to the coffee shop.

”Hey, glad to see you.” said Lou.

”I am glad as well! How are you?” answered Lisa.

” I am sure you came on purpose near the closing time and before you ask me, yes I’m am needing to wee and you sadistic, naughty person have luck, i am needing it very badly, but the reason why, I’ll tell you later.” answered Lou and smiled.

”Girl, you look so great and so sexy in your outfit, i didn’t even know how much i missed you since i saw you last week again.”said Lisa.

“Can we go for a drink after you close?” she asked.

”Sorry, but not today, my friend will pick me up in not even one hour, but maybe next week.” answered Lou.

”Will he let you piss before leaving?” asked the girl.

”I am afraid, he will not. I can’t get desperate enough for him.” she answered.

”He was different to you, he was not in omorashi and in desperation as we met.

He didn’t even think about that a girl is needing to wee sometimes.

Not before he picked me up once when it was especially bad. My bladder was about to burst and my urge was already painful.

I said that we had to hurry, because i must to the loo as quick as possible, before i wet my panties.” said Lou.

”Why didn’t you go earlier?” he wanted to know.

”Can you tell me where? We don’t have a toilet here and i can’t leave the shop.” I explained.

”Does that mean that you didn’t wee even once the entire day, not since you left your home early in the morning?” he wanted to know.

”Exactly that does it mean!! Can you imagine now that i am needing to go very urgently.” i asked and crossed my legs.

It was obviously that my need was turning him on very much and it was visibly in his pants as well.

It didn’t last very long, the second, or the third time after that, he was picking me up and i wanted as always to the toilet near the exit of the mall.

He did take me by my hand and pulled me away from the door.

“You will not go that evening, you will hold it for me, because you look so great and so sexy when you are needing to wee so desperately.“ he said.

Then had Lou to go to another customer who was calling her.

*002*2024-11-18 21:41

Some minutes later came Lou back to Lisa’s table.

”What did he do with you? How much longer didn’t he let you go?” wanted Lisa know curious and lewd.

” Girl, you look so hot and so sexy, you should get punished and tortured for that!! I hope that he didn’t let you piss for the rest of the evening!” she said.

”That was exactly what he said as i was beginning him to let me to the toilet.

He was taking me for a dinner and told me that i would not be allowed to go to the loo in the restaurant as we went inside.

I had not weed since i left my home early in the morning and was needing to go so very urgently, but he didn’t let me go.

Turning the meal he wanted to make me drink wine, but i told him that i can’t drink something , because i am needing to wee so bad that it is getting unbearable.

He didn’t care about my need, or better he wanted increase it and ordered one glass wine and one glass mineral water for me.

He wanted to know how bad i had to pee, he wanted to know if it is hurting me to hold it for so long and to have my bladder so much overfilled.

He asked me how long i would be able to keep my panties dry and how long my bladder can endure that.

I told him that my bladder was about to burst and that it was already very painful for me to hold it back for so long.

But exactly this he wanted to hear, he couldn’t get enough to see me suffer from needing to wee so badly.

Before we were leaving, i was begging him again to let me go to the toilet, to let me finally wee, the first time since my morning pee early in the morning, but he said “you are such a sexy, horny making gal, you drive me absolutely crazy, you must get punished for that and therefore i don’t let you piss. Your bladder has to bay for that, your bladder must get tortured, but there is only one problem, when you are needing to piss so bad, you get even more sexy for me and you make me even more horny, so that i want you make more and more desperate.

You will not piss!! Cross your wonderful , sexy legs and press your knees together and hold it like a big girl should do that.” he said.

”It seems like he is the perfect guy for you!” said Lisa.

“How can you both be such sadists?” said Lou and had to go for to serve another guest.

*004*2024-12-08 01:11

{{2 hours ago, mipmixer said:

Wow this is a wonderful story, I can't believe it's not getting more attention.

}}

Thank you very much, i am glad that you like it.

*005*2025-01-04 23:39

At New Year’s Eve was a Sylvester party at the coffee shop.

They kept the shop open until 3 am and expected a lot of guests and therefore they needed a temporary waitress for that night.

Lou did know a student girl, over 18, who wanted to do that job, because she wanted to earn a good money.

Lou opened as usual at 9 am. She did know that this day would become a peeholding challenge for her.

She weed in the morning and then, for her unusual, a second time in the shopping mall before she started her long shift.

She did know very well that it would be the last time for a long period of time and she did know very well that her bladder would get tortured very bad that night.

She thought at her boss and thought to herself “ how can he expect that a girl is able to work all day and a half night without a single pee? Did he even think about her problem?”

However she will have to endure this, she is trained to hold it.

Last time as her friend picked her up after her shift, he didn’t let her use the restroom at the mall although she was needing it so badly, although she had not weed since her morning wee.

He didn’t let her go for hours and made her hold until she was at home.

She was able to endure that and she will be able to survive this night with dry panties, she thought.

The new waitress started her shift at 3 pm.

She was dressed like Lou, very short skirt, naked thighs and a denim shirt.

She did know that a short skirt brings more tip and therefore her skirt was super short.

She was slim as well but not as much as Lue and she was more curvy than Lue.

Many guys likes very slim nearly skinny girls like Lue, especially Lue’s boyfriend and Lisa, but maybe more of the guys think that curvy girls are more sexy.

Lue was always jealous at her colleagues sexy body and about her curves at the right place.

There were many guests in the coffee shop and they were both very busy.

It was about 9 pm as the new waitress asked “where can i take a quick piss? I need to go since a while and already pretty bad.”

“Nowhere, we don’t have toilets here.” answered Lue short.

”But i need to pee very urgent.” said the other girl.

”I am working since 9, i need to wee as well, but at our job is pee holding common and necessary, it is a part of our job.” answered Lue.

”But i will not be able to hold it until the end of our shift, i can impossible hold it for more than 6 longer.” said the girl worried.

”Sure you can, your bladder can endure more than you think, believe me, i know what about i am talking.” replied Lue.

”Common or not common, it can’t be normal that we can’t piss only once during this long shift, that is not legal what they are doing with us.” complained the sexy girl.

“Stop to whine, it’s just 6 hours since your last pee, i am holding it much longer. 6 hours can’t be a problem for a big girl like you.” said Lue.

The other girl told her that she didn’t have a wee since she left her home at 12, she didn’t go before she started her shift, because she didn’t know that she wouldn’t get a opportunity to go.

That was was a big mistake, told her Lue. A waitress should always empty her bladder until the last drop before she starts her work, said Lue.

She did like to see that sexy body suffer, it should be a punishment for being so sexy and for to be able to make guys so easily horny with such a body.

There were more and more guests in the shop and the busy girl’s need to wee was getting stronger and stronger, but they had to work and to serve with their overfilled bladders.

It was nearly 12 as the sexy girl said “ i can’t endure it anymore, i HAVE to piss now, i have to go to a toilet before i piss myself.”

”I told you already that we don’t have a toilet, you have to hold it, squeeze your thighs together and hold it!! Your thighs are made to get squeezed together for pee holding, my thighs are too thin, i would have to cross my legs for holding it.” said Lue.

Lue’s boyfriend was with some of his friends in the coffee shop to celebrate Sylvester.

The new waitress had the eyes of the boys on her sexy body.

The poor girl was already needing to pee so bad that she couldn’t hide it anymore.

The boys had noticed that and one of the boys said “ look at this horny gal, it seems like she is needing to piss pretty urgent.”

”It doesn’t only seem like she is needing to pee, she simply must need to piss, there are no toilets, the girls have to hold it until the end of their work.” explained Lue’s boyfriend.

”Oh my god, that is so horny, the girls didn’t piss since they were starting to work. They must be already full to explode after holding it for so long, but they still don’t get a chance to go for hours.How big must their bladders already be?”said the boy with a boner in his pants.

It was midnight and the new year was starting, all the guests had a full glass of champagne in their hands for to cheer on for a good new year.

Lue’s boyfriend kissed his girl and his friends invited the sexy waitress for a glass champagne.

She didn’t want to drink it because of the knowing reason.

The boys urged her to drink it for a good and lucky new year, but in reality they wanted to overfill her bladder even more, they wanted to see her fight to hold it and maybe to see her wetting herself.

The girl drunk the glass empty although her bladder was about to burst.

It was already a little after 1 am as she prepared some drinks behind the bar.

She had to sprawl to reach glasses from the upper row and that was getting too much for her swollen bladder.

Her belly muscles tensed and pressed hard on her bulging badder.

Her sphincter was no more strong enough to resist the extra pressure from outside and her urine splashed out of her.

She had to cross her legs as tight as possible to stop the jet after not even two seconds, but her panties became wet and some drops of wee were running down on the smooth skin of her thighs.

Lue had noticed this and said to tease her “ you are in deed a sexy girl, but you are a weak gal as well. You are not even be able to control your bladder for one day.”

She was needing to wee like crazy as well , but she enjoyed it very much that the sexy body of her colleague was getting tortured so much.

She gave her a paper napkin to wipe her thighs dry. Her panties were wet and they did stay wet, because she was leaking once or twice again.

The two glasses of champagne were nearly bursting her bladder . On and on she had to cross her legs when she was standing behind the bar.

”I never before in my life i earned my money so hard.” said the girl with tears in her eyes.

”My pussy is burning like fire, because my wet panties are rubbing since 2 hours between my thighs at every step and my bladder hurts like hell from being overstretched and overfilled so much.

My belly hurts from navel down to my slit and i have to serve and have to be friendly to the customer. That is crazy and strange.” said the girl.

Lue had nearly mercy with her and said “ only one more hour, then you get released, then you can finally piss.”

The boys on the other hand were turned on very much about the girls need to wee and about their full bladders.

They were turned on and extremely horny about the sexy girls walk, how she squeezed her thighs together and how she was rubbing her knees.

After closing time she walked the long way in direction toilet with nearly crossed legs.

The boys wanted badly move their hands between her squeezed, sexy thighs, they would have loved to grab under her short skirt to feel her wet little panties and they wanted to push some fingers inside her panties to feel her wet pussy.

They wanted to feel the fullness of her bladder and to push soft on it and sure that all of them wanted to have sex with her, but that was the last what the girl was wanting at the moment.

Lue on the other hand was not allowed to go to the toilet, her boyfriend didn’t let her pee. Although she had not weed since more than 18 hours, although she was needing it so unbearably bad, although she was begging him to let her go, he didn’t let her.

He just said “ make a knot in your sexy, skinny legs and squeeze you horny little cunt together until we are at home and then we will have a great bursting bladder, new year fuck!”

