2068, A Bladder Story

Author: Mariomo

*000*2021-09-24 02:34

(Warning, this story contains extreme bladder usage beyond what the natural human body could ever do. Mind destroying desperation and insane amounts of bladder pain will occur, along with mild to strong BDSM themes including bounding, physical harm, exhibitionism, pain play, sleep deprivation, and more. This story will be somewhat subjective, and is really pushing some boundaries for myself too.)

A little background:

Over 40 years in the future, life has changed very much. Simultaneously, it hasn’t seemed to change at all. Despite the advances in technology, culture, fashion, etc… life itself remains pretty similar to how it always was. I want to avoid telling too much as to not spoil anything, so please enjoy my story.

1:

“In 2053… a revolutionary concept was achieved.” The speaker on the television shakily announced, clicking the button to bring the presentation to the next slide. Her hair a flawless shade of white, flowing down to the floor, and to the end of the stage. She wore a white corset, a white pencil skirt so short that just about everyone in the crowd below her could clearly see her underwear, also white, a pair of perfect white lacy butt-high stockings, and thigh high white ballerina shoes, forcing her to stand on her tip-toes all the time.

“N…Now… to celebrate the 15th anniversary, 2068, Emmin is proud to announce our latest in the Emmin main line of products…” The speaker, CEO and founder of Emmin Personal Products Corporation, Kacey Emmin, gasped for air, and doubled over from the immense pain of her bladder. She used her free hand to hold on to the podium she stood at. She squeakily groaned as she slowly rose back up to a standing position, tears clearly welling up in her eyes from the sharp pain her bladder was emitting. “As… a celebration of this milestone… I would like to re-visit the history of the birth of the Emmin company. T… the year was 2051, and I was.. t.. tired of missing lectures due to my small bladder…”

“Damn, you think they are gonna release the 10th generation of the Emmin plug this year?” Asked Ava.

Her boyfriend, Chris, was digging through the fridge for some blue raspberries and pink lemons. Bingo, he had found some. “Hmm? Why do you ask?” He inquired, chewing on a handful of raspberries.

“Well, y’know, mines only a 4th generation, it wasn’t even capable of hitting two days back then, the newer ones can go for just over two weeks.” She explained, giving a bit of a pouty face, trying to get her point of ‘I want it!’ Across.

“And…” he paused to smack his lips for dramatic effect, instead only letting out some bright blue spittle on accident. “Oh shit- well.. AND… yours is before they integrated apps to them, so I can’t even make sure that you are using it properly.”

“Exactly. It’s gonna be a bit hard getting used to using one for more than two days, maybe more than the two week record it holds now.. hold on…”

The discussion on the TV continued, “and… and as we speak… I-“ The CEO stopped to double cross her legs and gasp a little. “Am.. wearing a pre-production model… it’s smashed our pre- e- vious record of two weeks with a stunning four so far… and it’s still going strong, thanks to our incredible R&D team.”

“God-DAMN! I need one now!” Ava shouted, standing up on the couch.. She immediately turned back and dropped on her knees, putting both her hands on Chris’s shoulders and nearly tipping the couch backwards in the process. “Please!~” she begged, shaking Chris back and forward.

“Alright! Alright!” He playfully retaliated, lightly pushing her off of him. “I’ll get it for you.”

“Yes!”

“Tomorrow.”

“No! They’re gonna be all sold out!”

“No way, they’ve gotta be anticipating this, they probably already have hundreds of millions ready to send out.”

Ava pouted in return, but didn’t say anything. She opted to turn back and watch the holovision a bit more.

“We updated the shock system as…” Kacey’s knees became visibly weak, beginning to shake violently. She brought both hands to her unmentionables, and rested her sizeable chest on the podium to help support her body.

“…As well… in addition to the urethral shock… we have added a new shocker that uses the liquid in one’s bl-ad.. hhh.. er… to distribute a powerful shock.” The CEO broke her character to cutely giggle, whispering to herself in her much higher, softer natural voice, “what else would it do?” Which was still picked up by the microphone.

She shifted back to her deeper, slightly more promiscuous voice to continue speaking aloud. “Anyone who reserved the new model will receive theirs by dinner today via… a…” The CEO seemed to have a loss of strength in her legs, falling a bit before slowly picking herself back up. “Via a.. drone delivery. A-and to prove a point, it will begin being stocked on store shelves starting the day this pre-production model gives out and I have an accident.”

The crowd began to clap all professional-like, Ava was writhing about on the couch in disappointment. “Chriiiiis! You dummy! Why?!” She whined, pounding her fists and kicking her feet against the couch.

“Aww… I’m sorry, babe.” Chris replied, lightly petting her hair. It was soft as could be, and addicting to touch. “I’m sure I can make you feel better very soon.” He assured her.

Ava turned over, her previous expression of anger now replaced with a smug, knowing look. “Really? Are you going to chain me up and throw me against the wall? Hmm?~ Are you gonna hurt me?~”

“You just wait and see…” Chris responded quietly. “…Well! Want to go out for lunch? You haven’t been out in like, a week. You’re whiter than paper.” He paused, grabbing her shirt collar to pull her up by force, much to her enjoyment.

“Well, I need to stay pale like this. It’s my style! If anything, I’m still too tan!” She protested. “But lunch on some coffee sounds like a treat! So… sure!”

“Alright, go take a shower and get dressed. The business lady is out now, probably means they’re talking about the benefits for worker productivity or some shit.”

Ava had already walked to the bathroom to take a shower. “I still wanna hear about it!” She shouted.

“Will do!” He shouted, before indulging himself into the holovision, trying to make sense of what kind of mumbo-jumbo that lady was going to say…

“… so, apparently, the new model will show a 40 to 60 percent increase in workplace productivity.” He explained, as they approached the coffee shop.

Ava was wearing -in the order from bottom to top- a full body black transparent suit, a full body black 2 fishnet suit, a black 2 supertight corset, black 2 semi-transparent floral lace panties, a black 2 waist to double thigh garter system that held up a pair of thigh high, foot tall with extra 8 inch heeled platform boots in black 2, black 2 shoulder length leather gloves, black 2 arm garters that connected to a neck garter belt, and a skirt that would be difficult to explain.

You see, yes, it’s pleated, yes, it’s mid-thigh length, yes, she wore it so high that it was nearly useless, but between what ever time this log is sent back to, to the day this date is happening, a bioluminescent algae was harvested to be used in dye making, and is now used to provide a very intense, and very bright neon blue dye that can be used in clothes and hair. Which Ava has. She has glowing blue contacts. Half of her outer hair, and the inside of her hair is dyed this exact dye, and the skirt she is wearing is a plaid pattern of the glowing blue, and black 2. Black 2 being a black so black that it can suck the light bouncing off of it. On a camera or through an eye, you couldn’t see it, you see pure black, no reflections, no light refractions. the other half of her outer layer of hair is also dyed black 2. Anyways…

“Really? I might just get a job if that’s the case… If we weren’t using our inherited parents' money, heh.” She snickered, before walking into the store, holding the door open for Chris.

They both went to the counter, Chris decided to get an M&M cookie instead of a drink, as he wasn’t very thirsty. On the other hand, Ava purchased a liter’s worth of black tea, and as they sat down at the table, she uncapped it to pour in a super strong powdered diuretic, mixed it in, and took a large swig from the now uncapped cup. “So, what did she say after that?”

Chris took a bite of his cookie. “Mmph.. she said the internal catheter system was more refined, too. It also has a new attachment that takes the humidity from the air around you, and makes it into water to put in your bladder, allowing for better bladder fullness in more humid places.”

A pair of girls at the booth behind them turned around and leaned over the booth divider, one sitting, the other frantically pee dancing. One, somewhat tanned and with a very well done body, was wearing a supertight gray satin extra high waisted leotard, a pair of butt-high gray satin ballerina boots, shoulder length supertight gray satin gloves, and a belt collar around her neck to ensure breathing was difficult. Her hair was naturally platinum blonde, and ran to her ankles. She had a pair of cuffs attaching her ankles to her wrists, and her ankles and wrists to each other.

The other, a skinny but weak woman with fair skin, wore a simple navy blue dress shirt, black transparent tights underneath a black 2 pencil skirt, a pair of black 2 elbow length gloves, and a pair of thigh high stiletto heel boots, the heel being 9 inches tall, and having a rounded bottom for difficult movement. She had a small bag of water in her dress shirt pocket, with a clear tube running from it. Her hair was completely silver, and covered her eyes, her bangs flat cut at the bridge of her nose, and her hair itself at her shoulders.

“You two talking about the new Emmin reveal that happened today?” The one in the leotard asked.

“Yeah, it’s gonna be a lot better than the 9th Gen, right?” Chris replied, pointing at Ava. “She’s been begging me for it.”

Ava blushed a little. “Shut the fuck up, Chris, I didn’t beg you!”

“You shut the fuck up, or I’ll make you use the toilet.” Chris snapped back, making Ava pout.

“Damn, you got her there.” Said the woman in the leotard. “Say, I love your girl’s choice of clothing. The supertight corset must make it hard for her to breathe. I dig that, it’s why I wear this leotard.” She paused to pull on the leotard, failing to do so, as the supertight leotards were too tight to move, meaning the chest expansion caused by breathing was not possible, and therefore restricted. “Also, all that black 2 and the glowing blue works together so well! Not to mention how pale your skin is. It’s great.”

“Oh my god! Thank you, I’m flattered! I love supertight clothes too! And the gloves and corset look great on you!”

“Oh, it’s not a corset.” Said the leotard woman, she slid out of her booth seat and walked over to theirs, revealing that it was, in fact, a leotard that had a visible, dripping wet spot on the bottom, her gloved hands and her boots drenched too. “I wet myself like, ten minutes ago. I’m running a 7th Gen so I can’t hold for that long. Only like, a week.” She held out her wet gloved hand for a shake. Chris shook it, then Ava.

The silent office lady slid from her seat, and stood at the booth too, too occupied in doing a very intense pee dance to speak, but she still held out her hand to shake, which it was.

“I’m Chris, by the way, this is my girl, Ava.” Chris said happily.

Ava smiled, and waved, before turning to her cup, and downing the rest of it.

“I’m Abigail, and this is my friend, Lisa.” Said the leotard lady, pointing at the office lady.

“N-nghh.. n- nice to- kch- meet you...” Lisa quietly struggled out, a pained expression on her face, and a heavy British accent in her voice.

Ava slid out of the booth. “I’m going to go get another drink.” She announced.

“Okay, see ya!- So, Lisa here is wearing a 9th gen industrial special! It could hold an additional 3 days on top of the original 2 weeks, and it has a faster catheter intake.”

Lisa forced a meek, yet adorable smile, and waved a little to emphasize her importance as the conversation subject. She quickly continued her equally cute pee dance.

“She’s still got 2 days left so I’ve been using the catheter to pump her like crazy, since her job allows third parties to use the catheter feature.”

Lisa brought her knees together and held up a weak peace sign, her knees and ankles shaking like they were about to fall apart.

“You know what really makes me jealous, though? Her job makes her wear Emmin shock gloves and thigh highs, and with the shocker in the 9th Gen plug she has, she doesn’t ever fall asleep or sit down, unless she wants to get shocked.” Abigail explained.

Chris looked at Lisa to finally notice that she looked insanely exhausted, and it was most likely the reason her legs were shaking so much. “Do they have the gloves in shoulder length? Ava would absolutely love them. And the socks.”

Lisa finally piped up, “ngh!- Y-yeah… I opted for the elbow ones because it…” she paused, intensely dancing for a solid twenty seconds. “…it was hot… but.. I- mmngk.. I regret that now…”

Ava returned, already halfway done with another liter, and shifting her weight from one foot to the other. Her knees occasionally tapped together, and she sometimes lifted a foot off the ground. It was clear that she had to go, though her incredibly sensitive bladder may have had some effect in exaggerating her squirming. It felt like it was much, much more full than it ever really was, and Ava always sort of squirmed anyway. She cuddled up next to Chris as a signal for the others to not make any more moves on him.

“Well, it was nice meeting you! We’re gonna get another drink and leave. Alright?” Said Abigail. “But let’s keep in touch, here’s my number.”

A little ping noise was heard. Through the wonderful world of Orwellian tech over-abundance, all four people in the conversation now just had the first, last, and middle names of each other saved in their contacts, as well as their numbers, and emails.

“Wait! Before you two get a drink, want me to spike it? I have some pretty strong diuretics.” Offered Ava.

Lisa and Abigail looked at each other, then back at Ava. “A..bsolutely… hhhgnh!~.. we’d love that…” Lisa responded, on the verge of crying from her desperation.

They got some coffee from the young college age girl at the counter, who herself seemed to be a tad overwhelmed by her own bladder’s fullness. She shakily handed Abigail and Lisa a liter’s worth of green tea each, which Ava promptly spiced up with two diuretic packets each. They downed the cups right in front of her, and left the cafe soon after.

“You think I’m cuter than them, right?” Ava asked, a bit insecure, rubbing her thighs against Chris’s.

“Yeah. I’d kill to see you in a leotard though.”

A ping was heard. Leotard ordered.

*002*2021-09-26 00:58

{{8 hours ago, Cy_The_Fox said:

I LOVE THIS!!!!!!!!!(I also wish this plug existed irl. I want one)

}}

Don't we all...

*006*2021-09-26 16:07

{{1 minute ago, SpaceWonderer said:

I love the concept. Is this story going to be continued by chapters, or is it a finished one for now?

}}

I tend to write the first chapter for an incredible concept of mine, and then my inspiration tapers off after the second or third chapter. this especially sucks because im already thinking of a mad max style story with our main character, wearing a combination of bandages, chains, and torn up lingerie. fighting bandits, crazy cars, and having a fetish for omo herself. I just really want to put my love of cars in a story, even if it is a fetish one. I promise to deliver a chapter 2, at least! I'd say 1/6th of it is done so far.

{{2 minutes ago, randomkath said:

Also, may I make a tiny request?

Some F/f, maybe?

I mean, it's your fantasy, and M/f is perfectly enjoyable, but a girl can dream...

}}

I wonder why Lisa and Abigail were introduced!..

