The Pee shy girl !

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-01-09 22:35

A girl was very shy about everything in connection with pee and peeing.

She didn’t talk about it and she didn’t do it if someone was near. She did never ask for a toilet, not even when she was needing one very urgent.

When she was in a group she did not go to the loo because she didn’t want that someone was knowing where she was going and what she was doing there.

She didn’t like it if someone was knowing that she was needing to go and she would have never be able to squat somewhere outside.

Her shyness brought her a lot of bladder torture, but she was accustomed to hold a full bladder for a long time, even it was already painful.

Since some weeks she had a boyfriend, they were both very young, but already over 18 years.

They lived in a small town at the country side and one day they decided to make a day trip to the capital city.

Therefore they took a bus for a little over one hour.

They had coffee and breakfast at the bus station before they were leaving.

The guy had scheduled a good day, with sightseeing, shopping and relaxing.

They had lunch and coffee with drinks at afternoon at a coffee shop in the city.

The boy went there a second time to the toilet. The girl not, she did stay at the table and was waiting until he was back.

”Do you not need to go? You haven’t been even once to day!” asked the guy.

”No i don’t.” answered the girl very short and consequent, but in reality she was needing to wee since before lunch and as usual she suppressed her urge and was hoping that she would be able to endure until at home.

This day was a little different, she drank much more than usual during the day, especially more coffee at breakfast and at the coffee shop in the afternoon.

Early evening they had a dinner at a fast food restaurant. Although her need was already painful and her bladder was hurting, she did drink some more and didn’t go to the toilet before leaving.

The boy went a third time, but the girl not even her first time. He was surprised about it, but didn’t ask her again.

One hour later, on the way to the bus station, was her urge stronger than her shyness.

Never before in her life she did it, but now she had to do it, she said “ sorry, but we have to look for a toilet before we get in the bus, i thought that i can stand it until at home, but sorry, i can’t.”

It was such a shame for the pee shy girl, that she wanted disappear in the ground.

The boy was worried about it, because there was no toilet on the way and the bus would leave very soon.

The were already at the bus station and the girls need became stronger than her shyness and so she said “ i can’t get in the bus, i absolutely can’t endure one and a half hours longer, i HAVE to wee NOW.”

”There is nobody around, there are some bushes, you can squat behind.” answered the boy, a little more worried about that situation.

The girl could no more think clearly, the pressure in her bladder reached her brain, she could only think pee - wee -piss.

She had no other choice, she had to do it!

Already on the way to the bushes she lifted her skirt no matter that she was showing her still dry panties to her friend.

A few minutes later, just in time as the bus came, she came forth of the bushes.

”Do you feel better, are you relieved?” asked the boy.

”No i am not relieved, i couldn’t wee, i am full to burst but there was nothing coming out of me, not even one drop.

Maybe my muscles were cramping from holding it for so long, i am needing to wee since before lunch.” answered the girl.

”That is madness! Why didn’t you go? But what are we doing now? Can you bear up for more than one hour ?” asked the boy.

”I don’t know, but i have no other way, i have to endure it, no matter what!” she answered and was getting in the bus with her upper body bending over and her knees rubbing.

They went to the last row of the bus where they were alone.

“I need to wee so very, very urgent, it hurts so bad that it is nearly not to bear.” said the girl.

She told him that she is pee shy and that she often hold it therefore, she said that she usually is able to hold her wee for one day or for longer, but that she never in her whole life was needing to wee more worse than now and she told him that she never before in her life talked so much about pee and peeing and that she is sorry about that.

The boy said that she doesn’t have to be sorry for talking about her humanly needs, everybody is needing to pee and he said that he is sorry for her that she has to suffer so much.

But on the other hand he was the first time horny about to see a girl needing to wee and to see her fight so hard to hold her urine back inside her. He didn’t know until then that this can turn on so much.

The girl forgot all her shyness, she pressed the fabric of her skirt between her thighs, she massaged her bulging bladder and said “ that hurts so much, that is so painful, i am holding so much wee back, my bladder is near to explode, it is hard as a rock.”

”I am so sorry for you.” he said again and had a big boner in his shorts.

”I shouldn’t have drunk so much! My bladder is about to bust and my panties are already a little bit wet between my thighs.” said the girl a little later.

The imagination at her wet panties, at her tight squeezed slit between her thighs and at the little hole inside her slit, where her wee wanted to come out so badly and urgently, made the boy even more horny.

”Sorry, but your wet panties are a good sign, that means that your muscles don’t cramp anymore, that means that you can wee as soon as we are there!!” said the young guy full of horniness.

”I don’t know if it is a good sign, i am afraid that i wee myself before we are there.” answered the girl and pressed both hands between her thighs.

She could hold it with all her willpower and all her body power until they were there.

As soon as she was out of the bus, she did something what she never thought that she would be able to do, she lifted her skirt, bulled her panties down under her knees, squatted between the parking cars beside the bus and pissed with full power in front of her boyfriend.

She showed him her naked ass and her pissing slit between her sexy thighs.

She pulled her wet panties up and said “ i am so sorry for all that. I am sorry that i acted like a naughty schoolgal. I am 18 and i pissed my panties, it is such a shame for me.”

“You don’t have to be sorry and it is not a shame for you.

You did drink so much today and you was able to hold your wee for over 15 hours, that was a great performance.

It was the most exciting and most arousing experience in my whole life. Sorry when i say that, but it was so unbelievably hot to see you wee so long and so much. I still can’t believe that you was able to hold so much wee inside you.

Your bladder must be so large and so strong and your holding performance is champion level.” said the boy full of lust and horniness.

At this day had for both changed something, the girl was able to talk about pee, needing to pee and pee holding and the boy discovered that a girl who is desperate to pee can be more sexy and arousing than anything else.

*002*2025-01-16 22:46

{{On 1/13/2025 at 10:46 PM, holdit247 said:

Are you going to continue this story? I hope so

}}

I am glad that you like my story. I’ll try my best.

*005*2025-01-19 00:38

{{6 hours ago, daisyduke said:

Im pee shy too and i often held it until the last moment :3

}}

Did you always get a opportunity to wee before your exceeded your last moment, or did your panties sometimes gets wet?

*007*2025-01-19 09:18

{{13 hours ago, wetaccident said:

I love it when people are holding it but are too shy to pee! It happened to me a lot too.

}}

You have been needing to pee ( very bad ) but you didn’t go because you was to shy!!?

Can you please tell us more about it? Some experiences?

*009*2025-03-03 10:26

Pee shy girls hold their urine sometimes until they can’t stand it anymore. They get used to torture their bladders until they can’t endure it any longer.

But when they get to their absolutely limit, when their urge and their need gets stronger and painfuller than their shyness, they have to squat somewhere before they would piss in their panties.

Some girls with a super strong bladder and a good trained sphincter are able keep their bladders shut and their panties dry until the point where they can’t endure the pain anymore.

But for sure, all girls have to piss sometimes, not even one of them can hold it for ever!!

They do it at the toilet, they squat somewhere, or they do it in their panties, but they HAVE to do it!

Our young couple spent a lot of time together, after their experience in the capital city.

Nothing had changed for the girl. Her peeshyness was deep inside her. She didn’t go to the toilet, not even when they were many hours together.

She always suppressed her urge until she was at home.

But for the boy has changed a lot!

Since he saw his girl desperate to pee, he knows how much that can turn on and how horny it makes when a girl cross her legs and press her hands between her thighs from needing to piss so bad.

Whenever they spend a long period of time together he couldn’t stop to think on the girls bladder. He did think how full her bladder already must have been after such a long holding time, how big and stretched her bladder must be in her belly and he did imagine how strong her piss urge must have been after not weeing for many hours.

She never was really very desperate after the city experience, although he did the best to make her desperate.

He made her drink, he went with her to a late night cinema after a long peeless afternoon, but what ever he tried, she was able to hold it back until she was at home.

When he was standing in front of her house door and kissed her goodbye, he did know very well that she was needing to piss like crazy, he could feel that she was full to burst, but she didn’t say not even one word about it.

He pressed his lower abdomen hard and tight against her swollen bladder. He wanted to torture her bladder, he wanted to make her talk about her need to pee, but she didn’t say anything.

She was moaning, she was trembling from needing to pee so bad, but she never said something like that he should stop it because she will wet her panties if he press so hard on her very full bladder.

She did obviously suffer, but she did let him do it and was suffering in silence.

The dates were the girl was holding her wee for very long periods of time were always very exciting and arousing for him, but he wanted more, he wanted to see her desperate, similar desperate to to their city trip.

He had the idea to make a mountain hike with her, which would last an entire day. They would leave their home early in the morning and would come back late at evening.

There are no toilets on the mountain, the girl would have to squat somewhere for to relieve herself, or she would have to hold it no matter how badly she would need to go.

The guy planned the trip and the girl agreed and rejoiced after that.

She didn’t know what it would mean for her bladder.

*010*2025-05-04 10:56

The mountain hike!

Both of them, had no experience with mountain hiking and the had neither the right outfit and therefore they went to a special store to buy clothes.

The boy loved to see his girlfriends sexy thighs nude and for that reason they bought short leather trousers, knee socks and hiking boots.

Early in the morning they went with the boys car to the mountains.

2 1/2 hours later they arrived at the valley station. They took the ropeway to get on the top.

It was summer, but the mountain was very high and therefore it was pretty cold as disembarked from the ropeway.

Not far away at the peak, was actually snow.

The boy loved to feel the cold air on his skin and he loved to see the girls naked thighs in the chillyness. The girls thighs were more naked than his, because her short trousers were shorter.

They had both a rucksack with something to eat and to drink inside and there were pullovers which they pulled on under their jacket because of cold, but their knees and their thighs were staying nude in the cold air.

They made a plateau tramp to an operated alpine hut, where they had a solid lunch.

The boy did care about that they had enough to drink. He went to the toilet before they left. The girl not, she didn’t piss since she left her home at 7am. The boy did love it!! And he did love to think at her full bladder, which must have been full after such a long time.

Back to the valley, they didn’t take the ropeway, they wanted to walk all the way down from the mountain to the boys car.

It would take some hours, but they had time, especially the boy.

Near at the end of the trail was a wooden table with two wooden benches.

It was much warmer down there and they stopped for a break for to eat and to drink.

There was a garbage bag where they could leave all their residues.

Each of them had a half full bottle apple juice.

”We should drink it up and leave the bottle here, so do we don’t have to carry so much for the rest of the way.” said the boy.

He just wanted to fill the already full bladder of the girl even more, he wanted to increase her urge faster.

“Her bladder must have been full after holding her wee for so long and she must have felt an urge to wee after 12 hours not weeing.” he thought to himself.

The girl did how she was got told, she did drink the rest of the bottle and to the opposite of the boy, she did not even think what will happen and where the apple juice will go.

Before they left the little rest place, went the boy a few steps away, turned around and pissed the second time at the day and again a large amount.

The girl didn’t squat, she didn’t wee, she is a girl and girls don’t wee in public, girls have to hold it, especially when they are pee shy.

A little after one hour, they arrived at the car, the girl was getting in with her bladder full from the entire day.

The boy was excited and aroused about that knowledge and about that it would last more than 2 hours until they were at home and until she would get a chance to go.

The boy was getting more and more horny about this situation and about to see his girlfriend getting more and more restless.

He wanted to talk about her need and about her full bladder. He could do it now, because there was no more risk that she would squat somewhere, she was trapped now in the car for 2 more hours.

He was sure that she wouldn’t ask for a stop, she was much to shy for that.

”It was a great day and a nice experience.” he said. “But i noticed that you haven’t weed even once at the entire day. How can you endure that? Don’t you not need to go?” he continued.

”Sure i would need to go, i was needing to go already at lunch and now it would be very urgent. To drink the half bottle apple juice, was not a good idea.” she said and pressed her knees together.

How much the boy loved to see see that and to imagine that the biggest part of the juice was still on the way to her already overfilled bladder.

For him would have been 2 hours much to short, for the poor girl much to long.

One hour later, pressed the girl both hands between her thighs, bent over and said “ i am sorry, but i think that i will not be able to wait for a wee until we are at home. I know that is a shame, but please can you stop somewhere for me as soon as possible?”

The girls need must have been so strong and her bladder so very, very full, she must have been near to her limit, otherwise she would never have begged for a stop.

The boy wanted not stop for her, he didn’t want to let her piss, girls have always be able to hold it, he thought to himself, full of horniness.

”Is this really necessary to stop because of only one hour waiting?” he teased and humiliated her.

”I am afraid that it will be necessary, my bladder is near to explode.” answered the girl bashful.

”At some books and special magazines i read some experiences about full bladder sex.

They all agreed that sex with a very full bladder is the best sex what you ever can imagine.

Would you try that with me when we come home?” ask the boy.

”You mean that you wouldn’t stop for me now, you wouldn’t let me wee before we are at home and then, at home you would still not let me to the loo before we had sex?” asked the girl back.

”Yes, that is it what i mean. I think that we should try this.” said the guy.

”That will be absolutely impossible, i will NEVER be able to endure that.” answered the girl and had still her hands between her thighs.

”I think that we should try it!!” answered the boy.

*011*2025-05-05 21:22

Especially pee shy girls hold it sometimes up to their limit. They hold their full bladder for hours before they admit that they would need to the loo. They would rather burst before they would begging for a wee, or before they would squat in front of someone.

If such a girl meets a guy who loves girls desperat to pee, then it can get pretty bad and painful for the girl.

Some guys use such situations for their lust, they like to make already desperate girls hold it longer to make them more desperate.

For example, a girl is needing to pee, she is putting it off and off, in the hope to get a natural chance, the guy noticed that and tried his best to give her no chance.

The girl get in a car for a two hour ride, with her bladder very full.

One hour later she is begging for a stop, because she was waiting for so long, because she can’t anymore, but the boy says „ we are at home in one hour, you are a big girl, i think you will be able to wait for only one hour.“

He did know very well that she is needing to go since hours.

What should the poor girl say? Should she say that she is not able to wait only one hour longer?

She is at her limit of her holding ability, but has to hold it no matter what.

And that was happened to „our“ girl, she was needing to wee since many hours, she had to drink so much before leaving, she is full to burst, but her boyfriend wants let her go.

She was begging again, but he didn’t stop for her.

He didn’t let her to the loo after arriving, he carried her in his sleeping room.

She was looking so cute and sexy with her hiking outfit, with her short leather shorts and her tight crossed legs.

He stripped her and told her to wait just for a few minutes .

“I will not hold it for one second longer, if you pee the third time now!“

“I would need to go again, but don’t worry, i don’t go, i want to have my own bladder full as well.“ answered the boy.

He came back with two glasses of champagne and said „ we have to cheers for our first full bladder sex.“

The girl was lying in the bed like a egg. She was lying on her side and had her knees up to her chin, to give her bladder more room.

Surprisingly she did drink that champagne very fast, she would have done everything for to piss finally.

The boy pressed hard on the girl’s bladder during they had a hot sex. He did love the feeling when the girl squeezed his dick with her tight pussy whenever he pushed and pressed on and in her abdomen.

The girl was in ecstasy of lust at piss need!!

They agreed, it was their best sex ever!!

