My first fiction - Page 3

Author: Mbgpeelover

*051*2019-01-21 00:39

With her bladder starting to fill Sarah waited for the next natural pause in conversation. She didn’t need to wait long. Will seemed distracted now, perhaps tired and she feared if she never said it now she would forever regret it.

‘Will, tonight has been amazing. Ever since meeting you things have been amazing in fact. I like you. I like you a lot actually. You do realise though what that means? It’s unprofessional, impossible even, for me to now offer you therapy. It’s immoral, unethical and wrong on so many levels. I cant be the one to help you.’

Will fell silent and fought back the tears in his eyes. Men were not meant to cry, but then men were not meant to isolate themselves from other humans, be too terrified to talk to strangers or be unable to pee out-with their own home. He knew he needed help. He was at the place mentally where he was ready for it. Twice in two days Sarah had not only been the one to help him piss somewhere that wasn’t his own apartment but she had seen his private body parts, touched him with his dick in full view and heard him pee. She had went beyond what she should have been doing professionally, even Will understood that one, but she WAS helping him. He needed her. He swallowed hard and spoke up, finally having the confidence to look Sarah in the eye.

‘But...’ sometimes words were such a struggle to Will. ‘But, you have already helped me. So much. I don’t want to....emmm...eh....lose you?’

Looking into Sarah’s eyes was such a distraction he found it hard to speak.

Looking into Will’s wonderful brown eyes full of confusion and tears made Sarah’s body desire to kiss him all over again. She leaned towards him, hesitating just a second.

Will needed to kiss Sarah. If he might never see her again he needed to feel her hair, taste her lips and stroke her cheek at least once more. He pulled her nearer and kissed her so suddenly, so deeply he lost himself entirely in her.

Sarah longed for Will. She had to have him. She was besotted by everything about him.

But her bladder was full, and asking her to give it release.

Will expected another erection. He was devouring a beautiful lady who he lusted after so badly. Her smell was divine, her body perfect, her hair smooth and silky. Yet all his bloody penis wanted was to pee!

He refused to think about his bladder. He wasn’t going to let Sarah go until he absolutely had to.

It was dark, getting late and Sarah glanced at the clock in Will’s car shocked to see they had been sitting talking, kissing and laughing for almost two hours. She really needed a wee and she ought to head home. She crossed her legs whilst having her hand entwined in Will’s.

Will knew he was about to say something crazy. His body was controlling his mind right now more than it had ever done in his life. If tonight was going to be the last he ever had with Sarah he wanted it to last as long as possible. He looked at the beautiful angel beside him and whispered in her ear.

‘Would you like to come back to my house for coffee?’

Before her brain had so much of a minute to catch up with her emotions her mouth had said it.

‘That would be lovely’

Another twenty minutes passed while they tried to separate so Sarah could drive her car to follow Will. Sarah was really needing to pee and it was difficult to hide as she crossed her legs and fidgeted. She needed to get in her car and get to Will’s as soon as.

Will was finding it increasingly difficult to ignore his bladder. He didn’t want Sarah to leave him for a minute but equally he could not wait to get to his apartment and piss. His knee was bouncing, his penis throbbing again.

At least he only lived four minutes away. Thank goodness for that!

They had one final short kiss before Sarah opened her door, picking up the rubbish from earlier including the two empty drinks as she winked at Will before crossing the car park to her own car. The cold air went right through her bladder and she squirmed all the way to her car.

‘The first thing I need to do at Will’s is use his bathroom’, she said to herself whilst getting into her car. She was bursting to go.

As a Sarah closed his car door gently Will grabbed his crotch as she turned her back. ‘Oh to get back to mine and piss’ he said to himself as he pressed the start button and hit into reverse gear ready for Sarah to follow him. ‘God I’m bursting!’ He muttered yet again before he had even left the car park.

*055*2019-01-21 18:45

Nerves were making Will’s need to pee more intense. Nerves always affected his bladder. It might only be four minutes or so to his flat but that was four minutes too long. He could hardly sit still. His muscles were not used to holding twice in one day. He held forever in work but often spent the evenings visiting his bathroom often as his body struggled to hold much more than a mug of coffee or a glass of water. He was also panicking about having someone in his apartment. Will didn’t ever have visitors, not even family. He bought his apartment as a new build and kept it just how he liked it. If anything needed doing he researched online and sorted it himself, such was his fear of having people in his personal space. Now he was having someone, a very special someone indeed, come into his most private of places to have a coffee. What on earth had come over him?

Sarah turned the radio on in her car to try and distract herself from her desperate need to pee and her all consuming thoughts of Will. How could one large cola affect her so much? She was getting tired and her body was weary of holding but her desire to be with Will was all she could focus on. She concentrated on staying behind his car, telling herself that the moment she arrived she could excuse herself quick for relief. She was fidgeting badly, her heart beating fast and her urethra drumming constantly fast and furiously as it screamed to be released. ‘Surely it’s not much further’ she moaned whilst moving continuously to the music from the radio.

Will pulled into parking space number 14 without even thinking where his visitor would park. He had never had to think about where the visitor spaces where and his need to empty his bladder was all he could focus on. What did people do when they had visitors? He so wanted to buzz himself in using his key, pound up the stairs taking them two at a time, unlock his flat in super speed time and run like the clappers to the bathroom. He could think of nothing else right now as he grabbed his penis through his suit trousers and moaned.

Sarah moaned as she saw Will park, scanning in the light of her headlights for a space that wasn’t numbered. Finally she noticed one and parked up. She didn’t make a habit of going to men’s apartments in the dark; she didn’t make a habit of being alone with men at all. She had a career to focus on, a business to build, and those kept her busy enough without the added issues of a relationship. She had friends who she would occasionally meet with but as with many people most of her social life these days was messaging and commenting on social media. Her thoughts were rudely interrupted by her bladder pulsating for relief. ‘Oh I need to use Will’s loo so badly!’

She locked her car, squirming about for all she was worth and headed over towards Will. Even in the light of just street lights he was so handsome, so appealing, so sexy. He stood at the main door waiting for her, though he looked nervous, fidgety and cold. He was crossed legged and bouncing but it was late and the air had quite a chill so he was most probably cold she reasoned. She wanted to kiss him so badly, again. But her bladder reminded her that wasn’t such a good idea just yet. He seemed distracted and stressed. Maybe she shouldn’t have come for coffee after all?

Will tried so hard to think about Sarah, forcing himself to wait while she got out her car and came to the door. She seemed to be taking forever and he was close to pissing himself so bad. It was all he could do to cross his legs tight and bounce up and down. ‘Hurry up’ he muttered whilst looking at the ground. ‘Please.’

As Sarah got to the entrance Will danced a bit whilst putting his fob onto the lock. The familiar buzz sounded as he pushed the door open for his guest, grabbing at his dick as he did to prevent himself from leaking everywhere. Wether it was socially acceptable or not he had to get to the toilet the second he was in his house. He may not have drank much but his need was every bit as intense as it had been three and a half hour previously when he had pissed an absolute ocean in the sink at McDonald’s. So much had changed in the last 48 hours, he thought to himself as he tried to walk up the stairs as if all was fine, despite the fact he could feel urine at the very tip of his member, which was now shaking in his underwear such was his need.

Sarah was so glad to be behind Will climbing the stairs. She rubbed her bladder and pushed against her suit skirt as she concentrated all her effort on staying dry. It wasn’t the done thing to ask to be excused the second you arrived at someone’s home but this was an emergency and she really had no choice.

She had to cross her legs tight as Will put the key in his lock and turned it. A drop leaked into her pants and she moaned slightly and grabbed herself bending forwards. Thank goodness Will wasn’t watching her as he hadn’t so much as spoken since she had arrived. He was shy and nervous she reasoned. She hoped that was why.

Will was consumed with his absolute desperate and urgent need for release. He was on the edge of losing it and that mustn’t happen. He was so close to his bathroom!

Sarah walked into the flat behind Will almost crying with her need to get to the toilet. She had to ask where his bathroom was.

‘Will your flat is stunning. Would it be ok if...’

Will needed Sarah in another room urgently so he could get to the bathroom immediately! He grabbed her hand and guided her to the open plan lounge and kitchen at the end of the corridor. If she could just wait there while he emptied himself. He so wanted her here, so longed to kiss her and explore her more but he HAD to get release first. He could not wait another minute.

*056*2019-01-22 00:04

‘Be back in minute beautiful.’ Will just about managed to stutter out as he undid his trouser button and fly and started running to his bathroom.

Sarah suddenly realised what was bothering him so much. Her body instantly responded, despite an extremely urgent need to pee herself, her nipples suddenly craving touch, her vagina suddenly filling with wetness. She couldn’t help but be so turned on, so sexually on fire seeing such an act of desperation yet again. She wasn’t sure what to do though. She was fiercely turned on, incredibly aroused in fact, but her bladder ached.

She ran after Will, if nothing else to know where his bathroom was! Seeing him push the door open wide as he pulled out his penis, moaning wildly, and seeing the toilet right in front of her eyes caused her body to spasm.

She ran inside, slightly pushing Will as she did. She needed to sit on that toilet so badly and knew if she had to wait for Will first she would be mortified and humiliated by having an accident.

Will had his penis in his hand as he tried to make it to the toilet in time, clenching his head closed tightly between his thumb and index finger while urine continued to filter down his entire urethra and gather in his penis. Trickles were escaping despite how hard he pressed as he struggled to walk the few metres from the door to the toilet. He could hear Sarah behind him but he could not focus on anything else right now until his bladder was relaxed. He was concentrating so hard, looking down at his own struggling penis when he suddenly felt Sarah push past him. The fright caused a spurt to leak out onto his boxers and the floor.

As he looked up at his toilet he saw Sarah straddling the toilet, sitting with her legs as wide apart as she could, her pants at her ankles, her black suit skirt bunched up around her waist.

She looked embarrassed but radiant, desperate yet daring, ashamed yet confident. Above all else she looked so incredibly sexy with her nipples showing clearly through her bra and white blouse, her hips open, her legs natural and shiny, her vagina hairy and throbbing.

She looked Will right in the eyes as he struggled with his leaking dick.

‘Sorry. I’ve been bursting for over an hour and I was starting to piss myself babe. But I’ve left you room?’

Will’s penis was already pissing as urine ran down his shaft, his leg and the floor. He moved as close as he could as he watched the almost clear stream explode from Sarah’s vagina as he aimed his member between her legs and took his death grip away from the tip.

This was his own bathroom, his place of comfort. His body had no hang ups here as his own stream shot out fast and furiously intertwined with that of the sexiest woman he was sure ever existed. He had to push his penis downwards to avoid his pee going all over Sarah’s personal body parts though despite urinating so powerfully he was getting an erection quickly.

Sarah was in heaven. Only in her dreams could she imagine peeing together so closely with such a stud of a man. She watched his bladder deflate, his penis explode and grow simultaneously and looked up as Will’s expression changed from tense to relaxed, from urgency to pee to urgency for her. Her vagina was so close to his penis, both engrossed in relaxing together, sharing an intimacy without physically touching, having the same passion at the exact same time, a shared need fulfilled together. There was no need for words. Their urine as connected and together as their hearts.

Will had the strangest, funniest thought as his pee was finally coming to an end. He looked at his toilet, the perfect auburn beauty straddled in front of him, the little glass cabinet above his toilet. He laughed the biggest belly laugh he could ever recall.

Sarah was satisfied, well at least her bladder was. She was happy, relaxed and relieved. She could not help but smile and laugh too as she watched Will belly laugh with all his being. She adored seeing him this happy, this relaxed and free. But she was curious about where his thoughts were right now. The therapist in her won over and still sitting on the toilet, legs open wide, she asked,

‘Will, what’s so funny?’

As Will wiped the last drop from his tip and tucked his now very erect penis back into his wet underwear and pulled his trousers up, he shared openly what was still making him laugh.

‘I was thinking about your email this afternoon. You know, where you asked me to take a photograph of my toilet at home, from the position of urinating? Well I just thought: imagine I had just done that. You know, like right now. Now that would have been interesting to have on my phone!’ And at that he doubled over laughing again.

To see Will so happy, so free to speak and laugh and communicate was the most incredible, heart warning thing Sarah had ever seen. She wiped herself, wiping mucus far more than any stray urine, pulled her pants up and tugged her skirt down and fell into the arms of Will while they stood there holding each other while time stood still, laughing, kissing and just embraced in each other’s arms.

*060*2019-01-22 23:15

Sarah was, for the second time that day, the one to pull back first. For all of her impulsivity she was also practical and level headed. Despite the fact her entire body, her emotions and her heart, all longed to stay in Will’s body for the rest of her life the rational, safe part of her questioned what on earth she was doing in the apartment of a man she barely knew. This was dangerous and silly and she worried things were going too fast. She took Will’s hands in hers, linking every finger between his and raising the right one up to her mouth to press a gentle kiss on it. She was falling for Will and she wasn’t sure she could control herself regardless of her worries.

‘Will, it’s late. I haven’t been home since 7:15 this morning. This is incredible, beautiful...perfect even. I don’t want to be the one to pull away but I’m still in my work clothes, my phone has very little charge left and....’

Will couldn’t help himself as he leaned down to kiss her again, though he didn’t want to disrespect Sarah or be seen to be ignoring her. It was just she tasted so appealing, so sexy and he craved her so much.

He pulled away enough to speak.

‘But I invited you for coffee and you haven’t even had one yet!’ It sounded more forceful than he intended it. He was confused and struggling with feelings he had never experienced before. He was also struggling with the simple fact he had invited her for one thing, which she agreed to, and now she wanted to leave without it. ‘Please have a coffee at least before you go home?’

Sarah smiled. She could see Will was tired too and trying to make sense of new territory. She was so proud of him, so in awe of all he had achieved in the last two days. The least she could do for him was have a coffee.

‘Ok. One coffee and then I’ll head. But don’t panic. Remember I said in the car that I may not be able to be your therapist or counsellor but that’s because I really like you.’ Sarah, ever the counsellor and master at reading people knew Will needed to hear more clarity, more reassurance.

‘Will, we can see each other again. Oh Lord can we see each other. I want that. You are intelligent, handsome, brave and sexy. This is me just saying I need sleep, fresh clothes and practical things like to be able to charge my phone. I’m not saying I don’t want you ok?’

She knew that despite the intimacy they had shared, the passion, urgency and physical connections, words often still needed said even when actions were obvious. She immediately thought back to the day before when Will had been incredibly desperate to piss in her office but she had needed him to communicate that before she could help him to go. Just thinking back made her nipples hard again and her nether regions wet. Her body and mind were sure not keen on obeying her words about going home!

Will smiled as he let go of Sarah reluctantly and headed to the kitchen calling back jokingly, ‘so you will have that coffee then?’

‘Yes. But not too strong or I’ll never sleep tonight.’

Will switched his beloved coffee machine on opening his favourite kitchen cupboard to reveal a shelf full of coffee capsules, all in order, all with the exact same number of capsules.

‘So there’s cafe latte, cappuccino, expresso, flat white, long black, mocha, Irish coffee....or there’s mint tea, English tea, lemon tea...or there’s hot chocolate?

‘Goodness Will I thought for a moment I was in a fancy coffee shop! Maybe an English tea since it’s so late? Thanks.’

‘Would madam like milk or sugar with that?’

Will sounded like he worked in Starbucks now. Sarah had no idea how much Will longed to be able to order coffee somewhere like Starbucks and how he had tried mimicking scripts from YouTube in the hope of knowing one day what to say and having the confidence to say it. In the meantime his expensive coffee maker would need to do. Will filled the kettle while Sarah answered.

‘Just a tiny drop of milk please. And not too weak. I like to taste my tea.’

‘And I like to taste you’ Will thought to himself but thankfully didn’t say out loud.

Will’s kitchen was immaculate just like he was. When he wasn’t panicking, desperate for the loo, or struggling to breathe he was the most immaculate, smarty dressed, well groomed man she had ever met. Every last hair on his blond beard was perfect, his trouser seam in exactly the centre, his shoes polished until they appeared brand new.

Sarah had a glance around the room, lit romantically by two tall lamps exactly symmetrical from each other. The kitchen was open plan behind a cosy but spacious lounge with a TV hung perfectly straight on the wall. She turned back to see Will take a large mug from his cupboard and hoped that was for his coffee and not her tea.

‘Please take a seat ma’m and I’ll bring it over.’ Will was so grateful for his learned script. He just never expected to be practicing it at almost midnight on a Friday night with a beautiful woman in his apartment.

*062*2019-01-22 23:31

{{3 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was so adorable

}}

Thank you. I can’t have them bursting and peeingnon stop but they sure drink plenty

*063*2019-01-23 00:29

Sarah sat on the couch immediately relaxing and acutely aware how tired she was now. She didn’t live far but she couldn’t risk sleeping at the wheel so she would definitely just have her tea and leave regardless how much her body objected.

Will hadn’t made a hot drink for anyone ever in his life, discounting the one time his mum was ill and he had made her a hot lemon some six years ago now. He was loving the opportunity to show off skills he otherwise never could. He made himself his favourite coffee and his guest the tea as she had requested and took the mugs over to the couch.

Sarah looked comfortable but tired, beautiful but exhausted. Will laid the cups down on the coffee table and sat as close to Sarah as he felt was right. He wasn’t sure what was right though because he had always struggled to make sense of social rules and he avoided people. He found his own instincts guiding him as he placed his left arm around Sarah’s neck.

Sarah cuddled in, glad of the comfort, for the first time in her life feeling she was worthy, special, and accepted. She was tired and Will’s body was just so comfortable. She could feel her whole body relaxed. She might have drifted off to sleep had Will not leaned forward to pick up his coffee. Oh her tea, she had almost forgotten that!

Will had a routine. He was rarely still awake at this time of night but he did enjoy watching the news before he went to bed so despite having company he picked up his remote and switched on the twenty four hour news channel, though he did at least think to turn the volume down a few notches.

Sarah was glad to have a screen to look at to bring her more awake. She picked up her tea and sipped it. Delicious, exactly how she liked it with the smallest splash of whole milk and a lovely light brown golden colour. Not many could make tea to her satisfaction like this.

She watched the news drinking her tea until the mug was empty. Will was almost finished his coffee and then she would leave.

The sound of a familiar town name brought her attention to the screen suddenly.

‘Will, did they just mention Springland?’

Will turned the volume up as a report from the very town they were in came on. Two people had been seriously injured in a six car pile up on Chapel Grounds Road, with seven other people taken to hospital, including two children.

Sarah was the first to put the pieces together.

‘That was why there was such a hold up earlier! Had I left work just minutes earlier that could have been me!’

‘Or me!’

The thought made Will snuggle Sarah a little closer as he kissed her wavy auburn hair. She smelt divine but even Will was tired so he was content to just be holding Sarah in his arms.

‘It seems like a lifetime ago I was driving that road. It’s hard to believe it was just earlier this evening.’

‘Every time I drive that road I’m practically pissing myself you know. Every flaming time. I reckon my penis throbs for release at the very mention of its name these days. God I’ve had so many close calls at the lights on that road. I keep telling myself to get a towel for my seat.’

Sarah laughed at Will’s bluntness and honesty. She was embarrassed to admit it but in the heat of the moment said it anyway.

‘I was absolutely dying to pee when you text me and we were on that road earlier. I mean I was rocking in my seat, fingering myself, bouncing up and down the lot. I honestly thought I would ruin my car!’

Will was getting hard at that thought despite his tiredness. There was something about the thought of a woman bursting, absolutely desperate to pee that never ceased to arouse him greatly. Sarah had seen his erection a few times already, even felt it rub her thighs on their very first kiss, and she could see and feel it again even through his work trousers.

Sarah found herself undoing Will’s fly and trouser button as he slowly and teasingly undid her blouse buttons one by one. He kissed her neck as he did so, followed by licking the length of her arm from her neck to her fingers, before gently easing her blouse off and throwing it on the floor. As Will raised slightly to toss her blouse Sarah pulled at his black suit trousers and slid them down Will’s legs to his knees. As he sat down Will undid and removed his shoes and socks and took his trousers completely off. Sarah undid he shirt and Will took it off too. He stood looking at Sarah in just his underwear his erection long and hard and obvious. Sarah’s white lace bra enticed him as he took both her hands and drew her up from the couch. He put his hands around her waist and undid the button on Sarah’s skirt, followed by the zip and tantalisingly let her skirt drop to the floor.

Standing in just her white frilly knickers and bra Sarah had never felt sexier, happier, more aroused, than she did now.

Will picked up the remote, turned the tv off and tossed the remote back down. He took Sarah by the hand and led her to the bedroom. Sarah was as eager, ready and hungry for Will as he was for her. She had seen his penis several times already but this was different. This was how she wanted Will. This was what she had fantasised about in her office after their very first meeting. She only had to think about his squirming and fidgeting in desperation at their first meeting and her whole body was alight with desire and passion.

*066*2019-01-23 22:38

Will had never felt so alive, so on fire, so sexually excited. Every ounce of his body and brain wanted this and though he had never been down this particular path before it seemed so natural and right. He allowed himself to be lead by his body which yearned with all it’s being for Sarah. He didn’t need instructions as Sarah guided and supported him as she always did.

Sarah sensed Will’s nervousness at seeing her naked, touching certain areas of her body and knowing what to do. Despite a lack of experience other than her own use of toys she let Will explore her in his time, in his way. They were both gaining so much delight from each other that nothing else mattered.

Will was bringing her so much pleasure with his tongue, his hands and his mouth, exploring every last part of her body in ways she had never even imagined before, as she lay on Will’s bed, her legs spread, feet on the bed and knees raised. Just Will’s touch sent waves of desire throughout her body as she shook and beamed with delight.

Will had never been so hard, ready and wanting. It was all he could do to prevent his penis exploding as he prolonged the enjoyment for them both.

Finally Will could not hold back any longer as his fingers and tongue had prepared the way ahead. He climbed on top of Sarah kissing her passionately and lovingly as he gently slid inside her. Her eyes shone with desire, her back arched to welcome him, her hips pushed to make way for him, her vagina so wet and open and screaming for him.

Sarah closed her eyes and allowed herself to give in entirely to the moment. Will was gentle yet strong as he took her to a place she never dreamed she could be.

Will climaxed quicker than he expected but unlike any other climax he had ever experienced in his life. He had been taken to a new realm, a place of ecstasy. He didn’t just want Sarah, he needed her and he wasn’t going to let her go.

As Sarah finally recovered and returned to reality she felt warm, thirsty and fulfilled. Will kissed her before heading out the room, returning quickly with two large glasses of iced water.

‘You look red and sweaty after that beautiful. I thought we could both do with a drink.’

Sarah was exhausted but dry and sticky so she drank half the glass quickly.

‘I should get home Will. It’s almost 2am!’

Will was gulping his water down quickly to recover from the recent activity. He put his glass down and reached for Sarah’s hand.

‘Would you like to stay here tonight Sarah?’

There was something about Will’s deep brown eyes, his sweaty blond hair and neat beard that turned Sarah to putty. She was so tired, even more so since climaxing so deeply, and so comfortable, naked in Will’s bed. The thought of getting dressed, going out in the cold and heading home alone didn’t appeal one bit. She drank some more water, as did Will, and she snuggled beside him falling asleep quicker than she expected.

Will held Sarah as her breathing slowed, her body rested and her eyes closed. He listen to her gently noises in her sleep feeling the luckiest man ever to be born. He rested his arm across Sarah’s waist, his other hand caressing her hair as his body and mind rested into a deep and blissful sleep.

*067*2019-01-24 00:35

Sarah woke suddenly as her bladder sent messages asking for relief. Bleary eyed and half asleep it took her a while to recall where she was. She looked around to see Will’s illuminated clock on the wall as she realised it was twenty past 5. Will was snoring lightly beside her, his arm heavy over her waist and his other arm under her neck with his fingers caught in her hair. She was trapped but so happy to be where she was, naked in bed with a man she desired so much. She was still tired, it was still pitch dark and she was warm and comfortable. If only her bladder would stop sending signals! She snuggled back under the duvet deciding not to wake Will and to try and get some more sleep. Her bladder could wait a little longer.

The faint light of the clock reflected from the large glass Sarah had left on the bedside cabinet. Then she recalled the mug of tea she had had in the lounge too. No wonder she needed to pee so bad! Still the thought of getting out of the comfortable bed and waking Will put her right off going. She crossed her legs as much as she could and tried to sleep again.

Sarah must have dosed as she awoke to a sharp reminder from her bladder that it wanted release. She rolled over as much as she could before her hair caught in Will’s fingers. Will’s entire right arm was pinning her down though feeling his body, his skin and his touch was so wonderful. Sarah’s bladder was full and uncomfortable though. She really did need a pee really badly.

Sarah glanced at the clock. It was now 5:45am Still early but she had now been needing the toilet for 25 minutes and the thumping of her urethra was constant. She moved her legs, fanning them in and out wishing she could reach over Will’s arm so she could hold herself. She tried to reason with her body that it only had one mug of tea and one glass of water inside it since she last peed, recalling how she had shared the toilet with Will since neither of them could wait. That thought plus recollections of her new friend desperate were creating stirs in her body all over again.

‘Think of something else’, Sarah whispered to herself as she squirmed as much as she could without twisting her hair any more around Will’s fingers. It wasn’t working though as her bladder pushed again to the forefront of her thoughts begging for release. Sarah could feel her every throb from her urethra, hear it’s rhythmic beating against her, feeling the urine preparing for launch. She was bursting.

‘Mmmmm’ Sarah moaned softly as she writhed around as much as she could pinned to the bed by Will.

A minute or so later and another throb from her bladder and Sarah was scared she would piss all over Will’s bed. She had no choice now but to try and wake him or at least attempt to release herself from him and run quick.

She tried lifting his arm that was resting over her. Will snorted from the disturbance but returned his hand and arm immediately to where they had been.

‘Mmmmm’ Sarah moaned now unable to lie still or hide the fact she so needed to wee. She’d only been awake a little over half an hour but she was so desperate now as her bladder had filled steadily for the last six hours since she had her mug of tea. She tried again to move Will’s arm but this time he moved closer and snuggled her tighter! Acutely aware she didn’t even have any knickers on to absorb any leaks Sarah was sweating and beginning to panic. She really had to pee so soon or she feared she would soak right where she was!

‘Will, Will’ she whispered. He stirred slightly but not enough. She could feel her hair tight against his fingers behind her but her bladder was even more painful and sending wave after wave of need throughout her whole body. Sarah could not stop squirming.

‘Will, Will’ Sarah called a little louder. She didn’t want to upset him or startle him but she didn’t want to piss all over him either. His snoring was easing and his eyes, though still closed, were no longer rapidly blinking as they were when he was in a deep sleep. He moved towards her voice.

‘Will, it’s Sarah. I’m bursting for the loo. Can you move to let me out please?’

Will sleepily opened his eyes at the mesmerising sound of Sarah’s voice. He recalled the first time he had heard it when she called his name in the waiting room and how sexy it was then, and still was. Had he heard that right? Did she say she was bursting for the loo? His dick had heard it all right as he instantly went rock hard. He used the hand behind Sarah’s head to edge her face closer as he kissed her, first a little peck on the lip, followed quickly by an all out deep embracing kiss.

Will’s lips, his tongue, his erect penis and his arousing aroma sucked Sarah in as she could not help but respond to his kiss. As Will finally lifted his arm away from around her hips Sarah squirmed and shot one hand down to her throbbing urethra as she knelt on the bed learning over Will kissing him as she bounced and squirmed with her hand wedged between her legs. Yes she was turned on, how could she not be at the sight of Will’s large and stunning penis and the allurement from his kiss? But she was so desperate to pee and longing to get to the bathroom.

Will stopped for a breath and looked over at the naked beauty beside him bouncing and fidgeting on her knees with a hand wedged tightly between her legs. He was entranced, so hard and dying to fuck the naked bursting beauty. Sarah’s every squirm, every fidget, every fight against her bladder made him hornier than he thought possible! He almost shot his load just watching her. Precum edged to the top of his hard on as Sarah attempted to climb from the bed. He didn’t want her to embarrass herself but he really didn’t want her to go. Not now.

Right now Will was in heaven.

‘Oh Will. Oh Will. Can I use your bathroom please? Oh God I’m so desperate to pee’

Will could not help himself. He moaned and stroked his dick in one hard while reaching out and grabbing Sarah’s hand with the other.

*072*2019-01-24 16:58

Sarah, my sweetheart. You know you are THE most beautiful and sexy girl ever created.’ Will was struggling to find his words again, not because of anxiety for once but because of his fierce desire to explode watching Sarah squirm in desperation. Nothing in the world pushed his buttons quite like a girl squirming for the bathroom and here ,right in front of him, was a naked, stunning woman begging him to use his toilet.

Yet the thought of hurting Sarah or embarrassing her or, even worse, having her think of him as a freak was gnawing at his mind. As badly as he needed to cum right now he also wanted to treat his lady with respect. He was in a mental quandary captivated by Sarah’s every move whilst trying to ensure his sexual fetish didn’t ruin everything.

Sarah watched Will intently as his entire body woke and responded to her presence. She adored every inch of his body from his hair to his toes. His shoulders; so strong, masculine and comforting, his chest; so hairy, welcoming and touchable, the way his bladder grew when he was full, the way his hands moved, his arms; so loving, muscular and gentle, his face; so full of compassion, love and fun, his penis; so smooth, kissable and sexy. She wanted to embrace him, make love to him and feel every part of him but right this very minute she was beyond desperate to urinate, struggling to contain herself as she could not for a second stay still. Her eyes glistened and sparkled in the early morning light of the room as she watched every last part of Will’s delicious body respond to her.

For a moment she wondered if it was her body, her nakedness, or her touch. Or could it be he was incredibly aroused by her pee dancing? Her own full bladder was making her incredibly horny too and the idea of Will holding a full bladder, especially as close to releasing as she was would have made her want to eat him up with desire. Whilst stroking her own exhausted urethra and clitoris to keep from pissing all over Will and his bed she looked at Will lying entranced by her and whispered.

‘Will, do you like me bursting? Does seeing me squirm turn you on?’

Will’s face turned red with embarrassment. What sort of idiot found a female on the edge of releasing a fountain of pee from her most private parts arousing? Yet he could not lie, his body gave away his lust.

‘Yes. Yes.’

Will was panting with sheer desire to release. Sarah was panting too for an urgent release in another way.

Sarah, ever the impulsive one, had an idea. It was something she had longed to do since her teenage years yet never ever did she think her fantasy could ever come true.

‘Will, would you like to watch me wee?’

Will’s body answered that one without him having to say a word.

‘Quick follow me before it’s too late. I’m about to piss everywhere.’

Will was still holding Sarah’s hand but now Sarah grabbed him as she climbed off the end of the bed and pulled Will quickly to the bathroom. Will expected her to run to the toilet where he would thoroughly enjoy watching and listening as she relaxed. Instead she stopped at the bath with its overhead shower, pulling the curtain aside with one hand while frantically rubbing herself with the other between her legs.

‘Will, would you like me to pee over you?’

Will was like a dog on heat, a fireman heading to an emergency all ready and prepared and eager for action. He jumped into the bath and sat upright all without taking his eyes off Sarah who was bouncing up and down frantic with her need to pee. Sarah climbed naked onto Will facing him, standing a breast over his hips and large erect penis which sent shivers throughout her body as it rubbed against her bare leg. Will’s mouth was open, his tongue hanging out like an animal craving water in a desert, just centimetres away from Sarah’s open, delicious and now leaking vagina.

Sarah didn’t need to relax or give any thought to peeing as her exhausted muscles spurted first a fast splash onto Will’s testicles followed almost immediately by a warm, soothing, refreshing fountain that oozed down Will’s hard on, his balls, his hips and puddled beneath him.

As Sarah lost complete control of her bladder Will lost complete control of his lust as his hard, solid, sensitive dick exploded for the first time in his life without him even having to touch it! The warmth and tickle of Sarah’s pee mixed with his sticky white cum ran down the shaft of his member as he shook and moaned with delight. How could one person be so utterly sexy, so outstandingly amazing? Will knew this moment could never be topped, he was living in heaven, walking in the clouds.

‘Oh that was so good to let go! I really needed that so badly’

‘Mmmmmm. Me too.’ Will could hardly speak. He needed time to process this moment. He never wanted to move. It was all he could do to reach out and wipe a few stray drops of warm urine from Sarah’s legs as he smiled and treasured this moment.

Sarah stood up straight, her feet splashing in her own urine, her legs spread by Will’s legs and hips beneath her. She stepping back until she was passed Will’s feet reaching out to take Will’s hand and help him stand up. As Will’s body lifted out the base of the bath more warm urine ran slowly alone the bath between their feet and down the plug hole leaving a trail of light yellow behind it.

‘Would it be ok to have a shower?’

‘Yes. Yes of course. Would you rather I left you alone?’

‘I don’t mind. Do you just press the green button?’

Will leaned past Sarah as he turned the warm shower on pulling her close as he did so, the warm water pouring down over them both as it soaked their hair, Sarah’s breasts and Will’s chest before trickling down their legs.

‘Sorry I don’t have any girls products’ Will almost shouted to be heard over the noise of the water as a Sarah laughed at the absurdity of his comment.

Sarah had never shared a shower before, never been washed by anyone since she was a toddler, but she loved every minute of it. Will was gentle and thorough and by the time she climbed out she felt beautiful and so special. Will pointed to the towels folded perfectly on a shelf as Sarah reached for the top one and threw it round herself.

Will finished cleaning himself then turned the shower off choosing the next towel from the shelf as he climbed out onto the bath mat beside Sarah.

Suddenly he had an urgent need to pee as he tried to remain in control while they both dried themselves. He grabbed his flaccid member tight as it threatened to release then and there.

‘Oh my God...’ he managed to get out before struggling to speak.

‘You ok Will?’

Will was bent over squeezing himself as he tried to hobble to the toilet.

‘Got to piss...NOW!’

*073*2019-01-24 23:16

It was moments like this when Will was so glad to be in his own apartment using his own toilet. Had he ever felt the need to pee this acutely, this suddenly, that been away from home he would have been in serious trouble. He was almost 29 yet still unable to piss anywhere but his own house.

Will hobbled past Sarah as the large glass of water and mug of coffee from the previous evening wanted to pour out of him furiously. He had to squeeze with all his might just to take the few steps to pan as he muttered ‘Oh God’ struggling to reach it in time. Will was the master at holding, yet this one wasn’t going to wait for anything or anyone.

Sarah smiled as she watched Will struggle though the last thing she wanted was for him to be in pain. She watched as urine arched out of Will’s penis at such speed it was like an express train. Will didn’t seem embarrassed by her being there which Sarah found fascinating as a counsellor. She had seen first hand his extreme anxiety both in her work, and at McDonald’s, where he could not face even entering the gents toilet alone yet here in his own comfort zone he could pee long and hard and openly with Sarah watching. She longed to talk more with Will and unravel his mysteries. She found him fascinating as well as handsome but any help she could be to him would have to be as friends since after last night they could not be alone in her office at work. Her job was far too precious to her to risk losing it over sexual attraction.

Will finished his much needed pee, dried himself and found himself clean clothes. He felt embarrassed that Sarah had no choice but to wear what she had on last night. Was she regretting what happened between them? Will had no idea how to read other’s thoughts so he decided he would just ask.

‘Sarah, are you ok about...you know...emmm’

‘The fact we fucked?’

‘Yeah’

‘Did it look like I was objecting?’

‘Not really’

‘Then stop worrying. I’m still here....though I really do need to go home soon. Maybe I could have one of your perfect cups of tea first though?’

‘On its way!’

Sarah sat on the couch and checked her phone though it has completely run out of charge so she put it back in her coat pocket. She felt awkward in yesterday’s clothes despite having had a shower. She was still a little tired, hungry and thirsty and her mind was replaying everything that had happened in the last two days.

‘God, I’ve just had sex with someone I only met two days ago! How stupid can I get?’ she thought to herself, though the second Will appeared with fresh toast and jam and a mug of tea with just a dash of whole milk in and the exact golden shade she liked best, she reasoned that she wasn’t being stupid at all and perhaps she had actually met someone very special after all.

‘This is delicious Will. Thanks.’

‘You are welcome.’

Sarah found the awkward silence unsettling. She spent her life and career working out how people thought and behaved and helping them make peace with themselves yet when it came to her own life her impulsive nature seemed to get her into more and more awkward situations...like dragging a client into the ladies on his first ever visit to her clinic, like throwing her arms around Will in the disabled toilet in McDonald’s in jubilation of him peeing in the sink! It sounded bonkers written down but at the time seemed perfectly legitimate and right.

Sarah broke the silence as only a therapist could.

‘You are utterly fascinating Will. Do you know that? I’ve been here now less than 12 hours and in that time you have peed twice freely in your own home both times with me in the room, yet yesterday you were so terrified you could not even enter the gents in a restaurant and the night before you could not bring yourself to use the male bathrooms at my work even though there was no-one else around. Part of me wishes I was able to counsel you as I so long to know what’s going on. I still want to help you, you know, that’s if you want me to?’

Will wasn’t used to be questioned, especially in his own home. Yes Sarah was stunning, incredible and sexy but he wasn’t ready to share his deep secrets with her just yet. She was right though. While he could pee happily and freely at home when he left home he found himself bound by an invisible force that preventing him even entering public toilets let alone using them. It was controlling his life and he knew it.

‘I need help’, Will said with his head hung as he munched on toast and sipped his coffee.

Sarah reached out and held his hand.

‘Then let me help you please. Remember my email? When you get a chance today take a photograph of your toilet like I said. And record your fluid intake and when you pee too if you don’t mind. I’ll explain why next time we meet. I mean Thursday is obviously cancelled now but maybe once a week we could meet in a coffee shop or somewhere and I’ll guide you through step by step? How does that sound?’

‘Yes please. But I don’t know any coffee shops. I go to work and come home. That’s what I do. I’m Will and that’s what I do. Saturday I have a list. I’m late at cleaning my mirrors, emptying my bins and changing my bed. Saturday is list day, Sunday I watch TV. It’s all routine. That how I live.’

‘I know. I’ll leave in a minute to let you get your Saturday back but I still think a coffee shop is a good idea. I need public with my job and you need to stretch yourself. Don’t stress though. I’ll be there. I’ll look after you.’

Will needed time to process it all. While his brain was replaying Sarah’s words she surprised him with yet another question.

‘Will, do you really have a list for Saturdays? Can I see it?’

Will sprang to his feet and proudly showed Sarah his Saturday list. On it was a list of chores that even the Queen would be impressed by.

‘Will did you write this?’

‘Technically yes. It’s my handwriting, my pen and my paper and I used my own hand to write but I googled a list of weekly housework for a two bedroom apartment and copied the list. I timed myself for three weeks then worked out an average time for each task, allowed myself exactly a minute to transition from one task to the next and ended up with this list. It works.’

‘There is something to be said for being this organised Will. Don’t ever let anyone mock you for being you ok!’

Will loved everything about Sarah but now his list was in front of him he felt compelled to do what he did on Saturdays. He didn’t necessarily want Sarah to go but his need for routine and rigidity was quite overwhelming after the last 48 hours. He needed order and predictability in his life.

Sarah sensed Will’s uneasiness and she was feeling ready to go too. She found her jacket and put it on and slipped her work shoes on.

‘Can I kiss you before I go Will?’

Will could never have enough of Sarah’s kisses so he ran over to hold and kiss Sarah before she left, looking over at the window cleaning spray, cloth and stopwatch that told him how long to clean for every Saturday morning.

This time Will was the first to end the kiss as anxiety started pulling at him. Should he start at the top of the cleaning list even though it was past his start time or just start at what should be done at this time? It was confusing and this was why he liked his life in order.

‘I’ll text you Will. Email me or text me anytime. See you soon.’

And at that Will stood looking at his cleaning rota for Saturday using a pencil to write new times next to each one adding exactly 34 minutes to the starting time of every chore.

Sarah looked back as she unlocked the door and smiled as she watched Will doing his ‘Saturday’.

