Shalin-1: Toilets Toilets Everywhere, Not A Single One To Use

Author: Mickey

*000*2019-02-19 11:23

The actual story is in the next post, so you can skip right past my rambling ...

Preamble:

Ever since I saw this

Fic, I wanted to do something similar for male desperation.

For one thing, I liked the challenge of writing an imaginary world - with rules conducive to omo settings I felt it was time to experiment - I was comfortable enough with my writing to at least try. While writing in the real world is fun, writing in a dystopian world sounded more fun.

My initial idea was the exact reverse of the no Ladies Room scenario - a city where men are forbidden by law to pee outside their home, while Ladies Rooms are in ample supply. I named this world 'Swatch' - I have some ideas for this world (including a semi-believable reason for the rules), the introduction post was 70% done, but then I started rewriting it, and now it is back to 10% done. Anyway I will post a "Swatch Series" about a city without a men's room - someday.

But while writing Swatch, I had an idea I liked better.

While being forced to hold is hot, choosing to hold is hotter. Especially in the face of temptation. Thus was born the word of 'Shalin', where there are toilets everywhere but not one for use.

I hope you guys like this one. This introductory post builds up the world, introducing its rules, through one man's desperate attempt to hold on.

If you guys do like it, let me know ... I will write more posts about this world - probably using a different character each time, and add to the rules as we go on. And I will definitely sneak in female desperation at some point soon. Even this intro story has a lot of references to desperate females - couldn't help myself

Warning!

The main character is a misogynist a-hole, with plenty of unsavoury opinions about women's place in the world. If that sort of thing really bothers you, please don't read.

Also, just so we are clear - I do not share the opinions. But a misogynist dystopia was what worked for the story line. So that's what you get

What does Shalin mean?

It is the name of a fictional city-state. It is used both as the name of the country and as an adjective (So you live in Shalin and have Shalin values).

In one of the languages I speak, 'shalin' means something between 'decent' and 'chivalrous' - it refers to behavior that is acceptable (and expect) in civilized society.

This "standard of civilized behavior" is what the city-state is all about. So the name.

*001*2019-02-19 11:56

Here finally be desperation:

"You have the right to pee" proclaimed a huge billboard in foot high letters. Ron averted his eyes in shame - really, the government was taking this public water closets push too far. What next? Public love-making rooms? Shalin was really going to the dogs!

Of course people had the right to pee - in the privacy of their own homes. His treacherous bladder spasmed at the thought of going home and releasing his burden, forcing him to close his legs tightly. A thin man, dressed in ragged clothing, slinked out of the room under the billboard - not even looking very ashamed of himself. Ron looked on with disgust (and may be a tinge of jealousy) as the traffic signal remained stubbornly red.

He had known the riff raff of this town, those men who hadn't had the benefits of an University education, had always used such facilities. He had even heard rumors of some so-called gentlefolk resorting to using them. Well there were always a few Lords to be found in any whore house. As long as these rooms were restricted to back alleys of questionable reputation, he didn't have a problem. But to put them on the main throughfares, in all public spaces, tempting the easily misguided youth!? That's what happens when you let women vote!

He pressed his legs together a little harder, as his bladder throbbed from the effort of holding back hours worth of piss, his loose trousers feeling a trifle tight. Like any self respecting man, he refused to do his private business in public - all these new fangled notions of unnameable diseases be damned. His father, and his father, and every man else since the dawn of human hygiene had done their business in private, controlling their urges in public - and been none the worse for it. He himself had been doing this for almost two decades now - it was really just common human dignity to keep pissing and kissing private.

A sharp jolt from his bladder woke him up from his daydream. He gritted his teeth and leaned back as best as he could while driving - trying to give his bladder room to expand. He wished he didn't have to go shopping now - he would love nothing better than to reach the privacy of his home and relax in to the WC. Another surging wave of piss assaulted his spinchter at the thought of finally relieving himself - left hand shooting off the steering wheel to clutch the base of his dick tightly. Just in time to ride out the wave and keep his pants dry - as it has always been since his first year of University. His bladder may be rock hard and pulsing, but he would make it. Real Men always did.

As the pain subsided though, shame rushed in. He was behaving like an uneducated loafer. Granted he hadn't been home in more than twelve hours now - but he had finished his continence training with flying colors! Just because he had breakfast with a client, and lunch with another, and drank a few too many glasses of coffee and wine was no excuse. Neither were the couple glasses of beer he drank with his mates after work. A gentleman must be able to hold his liquor. For as long as necessary.

As the litres of liquids tried forcing their way out again he seriously contemplated skipping the shopping trip. Or at least postponing it. But no, that kind of weakness would never do. The head of the family must fulfill his promises to his family - so shopping it was.

The "Come Relieve Yourself" signs on every street corner, glowing against the darkening sky was tempting him towards indecency - but he refused to give in to his urges. He came from a family of distinguished citizens - the aristocracy, so to speak. He was brought up to be a Guardian of Shalin Values - so he must hold on to the litres of boiling hot piss. Even if his bladder felt like it would burst under the pressure.

In his 40 odd years, Ron had seen his world undergo seismic shifts. The traditional values were declining, moral corruption was setting in. But at least most people still retained their civic sense, their dignity. Inspite of rampant government advertising, those 'Relief Houses' remained deserted - most citizens of Shalin, even many of those women who worked and voted (the horror!), choosing to keep their private business private, no matter the temptation. May be there was hope for the world after all. Ron pressed his thighs closer and tried to ignore the stabbing sensations in his belly. He really had drank too much - but he was a man, he would be fine.

The downward spiral that led to blinking LED boards proclaiming 'Pee With Pride' had started during his late teens - when women all over Shalin had flooded the streets, demanding 'equality'. As if God made men and women equal! First it was about women getting a secondary education. Though what good it would do them, 18 year old Ron hadn't had a clue, he hadn't seen much point in opposing it. His then girlfriend, now wife, had done the sensible thing and remained away from schools - a paragon of Shalin Values - but if others wanted to pretend to study till they could get married, well it was fine by Ron. And it had been fine by most men - so girls were admitted to public schools for the first time.

Little had he known that apparently harmless concession would one day lead to shameless hoardings like the one shining right in front of him. "Pee with Pride" indeed! As if bodily functions were something to be proud of! All these signage, the constant advertising of immediately available relief, made it so much more difficult to forget his aching, hard, bladder. The Devil was whispering in his ears about the pleasures of just letting go, letting it all out - being blissfully empty! He quickly turned off the radio, crushing his thighs together to win himself a moment of relief.

As he pulled in to the shopping mall, yet another bright gleaming building was inviting him in. To experience the comfort of an empty bladder, as it boldly declared. A woman was waddling towards it - hands shoved between her legs, tittering on her high heels, barely managing to maintain balance as she was pulled downwards by an aching load in her lower abdomen. Ron could see a dark spot at the back of her bright white skirt. Absolutely outrageous behavior - but at least she had the good sense to look thoroughly ashamed of herself. Really, women couldn't help it - which is why they shouldn't be in men's jobs. But at least most women tried their best, poor things. This one was clearly wetting herself - the dark patch growing as Ron looked on, fascinated (and extremely jealous. If only men could leak without shame, as women with their smaller bladders often do. He would love to relieve a little bit of the pressure. But a real man would die of shame if his clothes showed a wet patch!)

He also noticed the group of young men looking longingly (or was he projecting again?) towards the building - wondering if they should follow that shameless slut! Really, who let women hold down jobs again? He bit his lips as another wave of desperation racked his body. His bladder was rock hard - he gently probed it to estimate it's fullness. It didn't give at all - urine filling the organ to the brim. This was the stage you should request emergency leave, the bladder training instructors had told them, and get home as soon as possible. Well, he could only pray his shopping trip was short - he hasn't been this full in a long time. He didn't know how long he had - but sure as hell he wasn't gonna give in to the temptress and rush in to that cheerful looking building. That would be giving in to this new fangled 'feminism'.

That "little" ask of his late teens had quickly escalated. The demand to enter colleges had arrived right on the heels of the first batch "graduating" school. Sensible men had raised the question of what good would it do, and the debate had gone on for a long time. But somehow the women had won that round too, and much to Ron's surprise he had found female 'students' scattered around his campus during his last year of college.

And the trouble had become apparent almost immediately. The women naturally did badly at continence courses - their petite bladders no match for the strong male ones. While a few of them managed to pass the tests, many failed and were sent home. That should have been the end of that - but the success of one or two seemed to only inspire hoards more to come forward. And before anyone knew it, they were everywhere. Taking jobs off good men, shamelessly demanding for pay.

Of course the government had stepped in to control the madness. The few uppity women destroying the peace of a Nation had been dealt with, and things went back to normal. For a while. But apparently those uppity women had simply changed their strategies to quieter ones - slipping in to public life while no one noticed. But even three years ago, no one would have thought these women will one day convince the government to let them vote, elect a new one, and convince that one to start the "Comfort Campaign". All because they couldn't stand a little urge, and were getting fired from jobs over their inability to maintain minimal dignity - and yet they wanted to play at being equals.

Ron had worked up quite a head of steam thinking about it when he realized he had been furiously massaging his cock for the last couple of minutes. It was semi-hard, and that took the edge off his desperate urge to get back home. That was one of the emergency techniques they taught in the University. Giving yourself a hard on physically made it impossible to piss - and the fact that no similar technique could be invented for women was yet another proof that women weren't meant to spend long hours outside the house.

As yet another woman made her walk of shame to the public toilet, as if more proof were needed that women were unfit for public life, Ron stroked himself one last time and opened his door. Time to be a man and hide his private urges. That was easier said than done - standing up pushed the entire contents of his bladder against one tired muscle. And yet two decades of practice meant his spinchter held steady - not letting a single drop through.

Taking a moment to compose himself, he walked in to the mall. Pulling out the list his wife had given, he heaved a sigh of relief. The list was pretty short today. She probably knew he would wish to be home soon today, bless her heart. He had left home at 7am, instead of his usual 9am, to fit in a breakfast meeting with a client. The coffee had flowed rather freely thanks to the early hour, and by the time he reached office he was already 3 cups down. He had gone on as normal, drinking his mid-morning coffee as usual and going out to lunch with another client. It was only after the second glass of wine that he had realized he may have drank a little too much.

By 4 pm he really needed to pee, not desperate, but the kind of strong urge he had everyday by the time he reached home. The kind which made him sigh with relief to finally be home He had of course borne it like a man, not even countenancing the idea of rushing off to those public disgraces like some of his female "colleagues" did. But when work finally ended, and his friends proposed going out for a couple of beers, he knew he would be pushing his bladder. He really should have left - he had been distinctly uncomfortable already.

Instead he had drank two beers, and by the time he left the bar at 6:45, he had had to cross his legs tight. He was bursting - there was no two way about it. His friends had quickly bid goodbye, everyone eager to return to the comfort of their homes, and he had been sorely tempted to rush for comfort too. But a man had duties, especially a man with a perfect wife like his - who never ventured out to shops, who behaved as a perfect Shalin woman, a woman from the old days, should.

So here he was, walking as normally as his heavy, aching bladder allowed. He took a quick look at the list - she had kept it short, mindful of his early start as always. He would be done in 20mins, home in 30mins tops. Though his bladder felt rock hard, he knew he could last 30 minutes. He had to. He tried to force his mind off his bladder, but at this hour it was a little difficult to. Most people shopping at the store, at 7;30 in the evening on a weekday, were craving the comforts of home.

He saw men jiggling around all over the place, and everyone was taking twice as long because everyone had to stop and compose themselves from time to time. His bladder continued filling, all the beer pumping in to the poor overfilled organ, and by the time he reached the checkout counter he couldn't stand straight under the weight of his bladder. No amount of tugging his trousers up was giving him any relief. It didn't help that there was a woman at the counter. Who insisted on talking to him about "the restrooms". Ignoring his furious blushing she spoke the whole time she bagged his purchases.

"You know, you really should use the restrooms outside. I can tell you are absolutely bursting! You must have held the whole day? I understand wanting to keep things private, but really, there are locked cubicles and everything. You won't even know you're not at home. It would really make you comfortable you know, finally relieving all the built up pressure ..."

His bladder throbbed and pulsed as she spoke, urging him to listen to her, to give in. But the sheer impertinence of the girl gave him the strength to hold on. He hadn't peed in more than 13 hours. So may be he was not able to hide his need. Doesn't mean she had to comment on them! You don't comment on such stuff - it just wasn't done in polite society. Every man understood that - especially at this late hour! Everyone averted their eyes when they noticed someone rearranging themselves after a particularly long shift. Yet she was blithely drawing attention to his temporary weakness! Anger forced him to stand up straight, the stab of pain coursing through his bladder notwithstanding.

"Excuse me ma'am! I think you are assuming too much. You are free to do what you think fit, but I would rather not talk about such shameless measures as this new government's policies" he managed to say with some dignity. Even if he was clutching his dick through his pocket.

He hunched forward the moment he was outside and grabbed his dick to prevent a leak. Furiously rubbing it managed to take the edge off - for now. At least it was dark, and no one could see. He needed the help from his hands, he really did. The building caught his eye again and for a moment he wondered if he dared nip in. There weren't anyone around, and he was on the verge of losing the battle with his body. Surely sometimes men must do what they must do? He unconsciously took a step forward till his better sense kicked in. No, 10 minutes. He could wait 10minutes.

He got in his car and used the privacy to snake a hand inside his boxer and squeeze himself properly. That barely helped. He couldn't drive in this fashion - thank goodness for automated driving. Clenching his teeth he leaned forward to start the system up. Even that tiny bit of pressure was almost too much for him. But he somehow managed.

The next 10 minutes were utter agony. He was holding himself and stroking his length the whole time, very thankful for the tinted glasses. He might have had been in some very embarrassing spots if he had to maintain decency at this stage. But finally, finally he was home! With his pants still dry. His car had taken him right in to the garage. Oh sweet relief!

He could barely move with the weight of his bladder - he couldn't remember ever being this desperate! Except maybe that trip on the Continent - when he had had to bind his dick to prevent any unwarranted incidents. That had been a very long 22 hours. But he had made it then, he would make it now. Summoning every reserve of energy and will power, he climbed out of the car, towards the door leading to the house. He couldn't afford to hold himself any longer - his kids or wife might walk in, or even worse, a domestic - but knowing relief was so close was giving him the impetus needed to tolerate the pain in his abdomen. This huge ball of piss would be out of him right now, and he will be blissfully empty again!

All the hope shattered as he entered the living room and saw his wife and daughter sitting there, legs daintily crossed, looking towards the door of the only bathroom in the house. His need must have been written on his face, because his wife's glance was immediately sympathetic.

"Hi Darling! How was your day? We went to Lady Russell's ball on the other side of town, you know! She serves these really excellent drinks - the dear woman. We just got back, just in time to meet Martin coming back from the University"

That, that said a lot of things, in Shalin code. That said Martin, his son, is currently in the bathroom. His wife let him go first because he has just started continence training at the University, and is always in a very very bad state when he gets home. He will need a bit of time to clean himself up. But his wife and daughter really want to get in there too, all the cocktails fighting to come out. This was code asking his permission to relieve themselves first. This was code requesting him to wait some more - for the comfort of his wife and daughter. And a man must always put his family's needs above his own. No matter how great his own need. But just the thought of waiting caused his bladder to rebel as a drop of piss escaped in to his boxers. Shit, he needed to hold himself. He needed to be alone with his pain.

"My day was fine sweetheart, but a little tiring. I'll go lie down in the guest room for some time!"

That, that was code too. I am desperate to get in there but I will wait. I can't wait here - I can't let my daughter see me in the state I am. I will fight my battle alone. Please get the kids out of the way and let me know as soon as the bathroom is free.

"Are you all right?" she asked with real concern in her voice. 'Will you be able to wait?' is what she meant.

He merely nodded and walked gingerly in to the guest room, his wife and daughter averting their eyes - giving him enough privacy to grab his crotch and stop any further leaks. And boy did he need that helping hand.

The pain was unreal. The hardness of his bladder unprecedented. He could feel his spinchter giving under the pressure. And yet he must wait. He couldn't even walk to the bed once he had closed the door. He needed to sit down, he needed to hold. He kneaded his dick up and down, up and down, trying to find some relief. But the pain kept growing, as his son continued his cleaning up.

Finally Ron could take no more. He curled in to a ball on the wooden floor - unable to tolerate the pain or the pressure a second longer. Oh how he wished he could jump ahead of them all, bang on the door and ask to be let in. He was home, but comfort was still so so far away. Oh how difficult it was to be a Shalin Man. He was clutching his dick for dear life, praying for respite, but a trickle escaped his grip in to his boxers. There was nothing he could do except try to stop, concentrating all his efforts on holding on to that flood for a few more minutes.

But his efforts were in vain. The trickles continued - not reducing the stabbing pains in his abdomen even a little bit, but creating a tennis ball sized patch on the crotch of his trousers. The trickles continued down his thighs as his rock hard bladder refused to obey instructions. By the time his wife came in, his trousers were decidedly wet. He had managed to stop, eventually, and sit up. But his entire bum and crotch were wet, as were his inseams. His face was burning with embarrassment, as his abdomen continued burning with the aching need for relief. There were tears running down his cheek - both from the pain and the shame.

His wife, the angel that she was, hid her disgust well. She was soothing, telling him no one else would ever know, and even a man had his limits. Blaming herself for sending him shopping, when he must have craved home comforts. Offering to venture out to the store herself.

That got him out of the trance, out of the 'breathe in-breathe out-squeeze all your muscles tight' routine that had been his reality for the past few minutes. "Oh no never! A man must provide! I promise you this will never happen again - I know how to hold my liquor! Today, today, was just a bad day"

She nodded, and pulled him up. He immediately hunched forward, spurting in to his already wet trousers.

"Go on, I have sent everyone upstairs. No one else will know how much you sacrifice for this family!" she added with a chaste kiss on his sweaty brow.

He finally inched his way towards the bathroom, forced to hold himself to prevent the flood from dropping on to the living room floor. The journey seemed interminable - one more spurt joining in, as if once started, they could not stop. Thank goodness for absorbent cotton trousers.

Finally, he was at the door. He forced it open with his shoulders, and nudged it back behind himself. He didn't dare take a hand off. As he approached the toilet, all his inhibitions broke. He started spurting uncontrollably, the urine pulsing and pushing its way out.

He didn't even try taking his cock out. He dropped down on the seat and just let it go. Hours worth of pent up golden liquid permeating his boxers, his trousers. Much of it forced its way to the bowl, from the sheer pressure of the stream once he relaxed. But he couldn't care less where it went - as long as it was in his own bathroom. He moaned in relief and leaned back, letting the piss flow out of him, feeling his bladder deflate, the orgasmic relief that comes after holding much longer than you wanted to. This, this pain, this pleasure, this satisfaction - this was the Shalin Way. He was proud to have upheld it today, completely wet pants notwithstanding.

*009*2019-03-26 18:46

{{On 2/19/2019 at 7:01 PM, DerivativeWings said:

Overall I'm a big fan of this setting and looking forward to more! Desperation including more than one gender is something I like quite a bit.

}}

Thank you! I kinda veered away from this world, but this is encouraging me to go back and write another Shalin story. Hopefully it gets done!

{{On 2/19/2019 at 11:31 PM, wedgeantilles said:

Wow, an impressive story! Great read and a very interesting scenario.

}}

I'm glad to know you liked it!

{{On 2/20/2019 at 5:55 AM, daisyduke said:

Wow, I love the setting and the main character really much especially that he is a jerk hehe makes is desperation even more exciting. please write more

}}

Haha, truth be told, I enjoy the desperate jerk trope too. Feels like they had it coming I'm glad you enjoyed it - hopefully I'll get around to writing another story in this universe soon ...

{{On 2/20/2019 at 8:01 AM, AliasnameTO said:

Bravo! I do really like the social rather than practical motivation for holding

}}

There is just something about a desperate person refusing to relieve themselves, isn't there! I'm glad you liked it

{{On 2/21/2019 at 5:26 AM, jexo said:

I'd love if you wrote more about this world also the dick binding part got me really interested if you'd wanna expand on that on later chapters

}}

Wow, I am so glad someone picked up on this I definitely put it there because I planned to write a sequel about that day. But I don't know when I'll get around to it ... So many stories to write, so little time! * sigh *

{{On 2/27/2019 at 12:40 AM, omolover97 said:

God this was good. I love some good male desperation, and the world building was good. Keep going!

}}

Thank you! I realized I haven't finished writing anything in a very long time ... Hopefully I finish at least one of my WIP stories soon, and you have more male desperation to enjoy!

{{On 3/7/2019 at 4:48 AM, Bangarang said:

That was great! I particularly liked the woman in the shop encouraging him to go!

Very interested in your story with only ladies rooms, a little bit of a fantasy of mine

}}

I'm glad you enjoyed it! As for that story with only ladies room, I haven't really gotten around to finishing it I am afraid. But one of these days, I will

