Lil Baby Boi

Author: MapleFeather12

*000*2021-09-16 21:41

Lil, Lil baby man, idk it just fits

It was just an inky void, a pitch black abyss, nothing more, nothing less, though the small wolf boy, Bluey soon came to realize he was laying on something soft, and that he had his eyes closed. He slowly opened his eyes to see round wooden sort of bars on all sides except for the one behind him, but thats just cause he was facing straight up and couldnt see them, just the pale sunlit roof above him. He sat up slowly realizing a soft, fuzzy blue blanket had been placed gently ontop of him, he still felt tired, but didnt want to go back to sleep, even though the cushiony bed, or...crib cushion?

He realized he was sitting in a wooden crib in Mosses bedroom, a few plushies had been placed around the corners of the small crib, even his favorite plushie, a black cat plushie with white paws and green eyes, he had named it Raven. He also noticed he wasnt dressed in his usual yellow and blue sweater, instead he was in a yellow and white spotted onesie, it fit him perfectly too, something he wasnt use too just yet. Bluey slowly stood up to feel something squish between his legs, it wasnt the onesie, the onesie wouldnt squish like that, he felt around on the piece of clothing and unzipped the zipper on the front to find out he was wearing a very well padded diaper on him, it was just plain white though, nothing special.

He quickly zipped it back up with a small blush, maybe this is what Moss meant when they said the other day they would fix his wetting problem, he didnt think it would be this much, he stood up against the bars looking out over the early morning sunlit bedroom trying to see if he could climb out. He reached up trying to reach the top of the wooden crib, but it was no use, he couldnt reach the railing and ended up falling flat onto his padded butt. He looked around, wondering if there was another way out, but it was locked from all sides.

He waddled over to a large batch of plushies and settled down, wondering if Moss would come fetch him soon, he did seem to wake up pretty early, as the sun still seemed to be rising up over the trees that lightly rustled out the open window, letting fresh air in, it was rather soothing to him. Bluey flopped down onto his belly feeling a light fullness in his bladder that made him abit worried, if he wasnt let out of the crib soon, he might end up wetting himself and making a mess.

Bluey was still curled up within the batch of plushies, his need having grown to an annoyance, it poked at him and his bladder throbbed gently, it made him abit uncomfortable. He stood up his tail somewhat sliding between his legs without him even thinking, he was getting desperate quickly and needed to get out. His squirming was lightly softened by the padded diaper he was wearing, which made it harder to cross his legs and squish them together, since it got in the way. He whines softly trying to grab his crotch, but the padding got in the way again, he was just holding onto thick padding. He wobbled forward and leaned against the crib wall, he could see the bedroom door, it was fully shut, but not locked, even if he did get out he would have trouble opening that door, since he was so short.

"Moss! Moss!" he called out, bouncing on the soft bed and squirming wildly to avoid soaking himself, "Moooosss!" he nearly screamed, though it was more of a loud yelp. There was no response, Moss mustve been out, and left him alone in the house, or they just couldnt hear him. Bluey whined loudly his ears lowering as he squirmed, bouncing around like a toddler. He looked over at the plushies and suddenly hatched an idea, he waddled over and started to stack them onto of each other, from biggest to smallest. He started to climb onto the plushies that leaned against the crib walls, his bladder throbbing urgently as he reached the top. He could now perfectly reach the crib railing and grab onto it, though he felt his tiny feet paws slip and he was sent tumbling backward, falling with an "oof" onto his back his land being greatly cushioned by the soft bed.

Bluey groaned and opened his eyes once more, he felt his crotch area warm up lightly, it sent him into a panic mode as he sat up, expecting to see a large wet patch, but there was nothing. He noticed his diaper turn abit yellowish at the bottom, it was soaking everything up for him, he wondered if this is what was suppose to happen, but he just quickly decided that thats how it works and sighed in relief as he emptied himself out.

After a few seconds it had stopped, almost nothing changed other than the warm cushiony feeling and the light 'stain' he called it. He settled down back with the plushies laying curled up on his fluffy belly now, he grabbed the soft blue blanket and gently pulled it ontop of him with a light purr, dont ask how he purred, its just something he can do. He was really tired and now fully relaxed, deciding to get some sleep, Moss would surely come fetch him soon enough, so with a quiet yawn, he fell asleep once more, the light sound of the outside, the rustle of branches and leaves and the faint chirp of birds coming in through the open window, it was peaceful, and soothing.

$$

