2 + 2

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-08-28 21:35

2 boys went on a day trip with 2 girls.

All 4 were in their late teens, between 18 and 19 years.

The boys were constantly horny, as typical for boys if that age.

They loved girls and especially they loved the girls when they had a full bladder in their bellies and when they desperately needed to pee.

They repeatedly planned situations where they spent time with girls and didn’t give them the opportunity to pee for an extremely long time.

They wanted to see how the girls dealt with their distress and how long they were willing to let themselves be prevented from peeing.

That was very different from girl to girl and very arousing to watch for the boys.

Once the two friends went on a day trip with girls who were also friends.

The boys planned the day so that the girls wouldn’t get a chance to go to a toilet, best not the entire day.

They drove to the lake early in the morning.

The journey lasted 2 hours and they arrived at about 9 am at the lake where the boys had ordered a rent boat for the entire day.

It was a large electric boat, wich enough space for all of them to lie in the sun.

It was spring, it was warm enough to lie in the sun, but not warm enough to swim.

The boys had a cool box with something to eat and a lot to drink.

The drinks were absolutely essential for the boys to fill the girls bladders properly.

Before they went on board, went the boys into the bushes for a long piss.

The girls didn’t do this or rather they couldn’t do it because there were people around.

The boys wore skimpy swim trunks and the girls wore tiny bikinis.

Before they were going out onto the lake they took a welcome drink.

The boys wanted it that way and thought with lust and horniness that the girls would not have the opportunity to pee anywhere for the next hours.

They ate, drank and laid in in the sun. They caressed and kissed each other, the time was running very fast.

It was already early afternoon and although the boys had a large, strong bladders, they felt the urge to pee again.

It was obvious that the girls also needed to pee, but they didn’t say even one word about it.

The boys enjoyed it!

While a few hours ago their stomachs had bulged inside between their pelvis bones and there were a gab between the elastic band of their bikini panties and the skin of their bellies where you could easily have pushed a finger in, now their bellies were bulging outwards and the elastic band was being pushed outwards by their bulging bladders.

The girls bladders were already visible.

The boys agreed that the girls should have something to drink, they wanted to see their bladders growing in their bellies.

The boys knew that the girls hadn’t peed since before 7 am and that they really needed to go, but that wasn’t enough for the them they wanted more.

The girls should drink, their bladders should get even fuller and their urges even stronger.

They would be on the boat for more than two hours and the girls couldn’t piss here, no matter how much and how badly they needed to!!

They had to hold their urine back, they had to suppress their urges no matter what and the boys wanted to see how they did it.

A very full bladder and a large drink can get really bad and painful, but the girls wanted to be strong and didn’t want to show their embarrassing distress and drank with the boys.

One hour later were the bladder’s of the girls much more visibly and their bellies much more swollen.

The boys would have loved to feel their bladder and to press on it, but they didn’t know each other’s well enough for that.

One of the girls was lying on her back to sunbath, a boy was lying beside her, he used the opportunity to put on of his thighs on her belly and pressed his knee right on her bladder.

He acted as if this was not intentionally.

The girl moaned and said “ my bladder is so full, don’t press on it i don’t want to wet my panties.”

When the boys heard this became their swimming trunks immediately too tight.

The girls had to go so badly that they could not completely hide their distress but they held on bravely.

The boys loved the situation that they were needing to go, but couldn’t go and were very horny about it.

A little more than one hour they were back on the shore.

On the way from the boat to the car pissed the boys again into the bushes.

The girls could not do this because there were people nearby.

One of the girls said “we really needed to do this too.” and crossed her legs tightly.

” You must stop as soon as possible at the next service for us .” said the other girl.

”You’re out of luck there is no device station on this route.” Answered the boy.

”We can’t possibly wait until we get home, we would have to go the whole afternoon.” Said the girl.

”I am needing to go since already before noon.” Said the other girl.

The boys were horny as hell and one of them said “ if you held it back for so long, you’ll be able to hold out for another two hours.”

*002*2025-08-30 06:54

{{23 hours ago, desi pee love said:

Do continue this story

}}

I am glad you like it.

*003*2025-09-04 22:28

“Honestly we can’t stand it until we are at home. It is already painful for us to hold it, we have to stop es soon as possible.”said one of the girls.

”Honestly there are no rest houses on the way home, i think you will have to cross your legs and stand it until you are at home. Girls like you should be able to suppress their urges even if it gets a little bit painful and the bladder hurts a little.”answered the boy sadistic and full of lust.

To know that the girls had to pee urgently for so long and that their bladders were so full turned the boys on very much.

They wanted to increase their horniness even further and therefore they couldn’t let the girls pee, therefore must the girls be forced to hold their pee back for two hours or for longer.

”If there are really no rest houses on the route then stop somewhere on the side of the road we just do it next to the car. We really have to, we can’t wait any longer.” Said the girl.

”You nasty indecent brats just want to piss in the street? Don’t you think you’re too old for that? Big girls don’t do that anymore!” Answered a boy.

”Indecent or not, we have to pee for so many hours, we HAVE TO , we can’t hold out any longer, we have to pee so badly that it hurts us!”Said one of the girls.

The girls were constantly begging for to stop so they could finally pee, but the boy’s weren’t even thinking about it at all to stop for them.

The boys were thinking about the girl’s swollen bellies and their bulging bladder’s in and over their little bikini panties, which they had seen a short while ago when they were at the boat.

And they thought about how much urine they already held in their poor bladder’s after such a long time since their morning piss and with so many drinks during the day and they thought about how bad they must have needed to pee. And they loved that thoughts.

For a while they stopped begging for a stop, because they already knew that the boys would not stop.

Only when they saw the sign “500 meters parking lot” the girls demanded to stop, but the boys didn’t.

The boys drove past the parking lot “why are you doing this, why don’t you let us pee?” Asked one of the girls.

”That is quite simple, your girls are so hot and so sexy when you need to pee and we boys love it to see you like this. For us you can never get desperate enough.”Answered the boy.

”You mean you don’t let us pee so that you can get horny by our need?” Asked the girl.

”That’s exactly why.” Said one boy.

“You both are absolutely crazy.” Answered the girl. But the girls liked the boys even though they were tormented by them.

The 4 were not two couples, they were two girls who were friends and two boys who were friends.

On the boat it wasn’t always the same boy with the same girl. They constantly changed and alternated.

Everyone kissed everyone, even the two boys kissed each other intensely, because they were bisexual.

They caressed each other but didn’t have real sex.

Even before the trip, the girls found the two boys cute and sexy and would like to be fucked by them, now they knew that their full bladders would help them.

Although they were full to burst and although they had to piss painfully und urgently, they decided to excite the boys with their need and to make them as horny as possible.

They were ready to suffer the worst urge to piss for their goal.

”Oh my god i need to pee so bad i am afraid that my bladder will burst if i don’t pee very soon.” said the one girl.

”My bladder is so full, it feels like i have a rock in my belly.” Said the other girl.

”How much longer will you two be able to hold it if you have to? “ asked one of the boys.

”Until tomorrow morning?” Asked the other.

”Can we meet again and then you’ll show us your absolutely limit?” Asked the boy.

”We would love to meet you again .” said both girls at the same time.

They agreed that they wanted to spend very soon a night together, but where.

They were only a little over 18 and still lived together with their parents. They had to wait until one of their parents was away for one or two days.

Then had one of the girls the idea to rent an apartment for the weekend anywhere. At a lake or at the mountains, it would not be really important where, important would be that they have a room where they could be together.

”Great idea!” Said one boy.

”We boys pay the rent for the apartment and you girls don’t pee at the morning when we leave. That will be your payment .” Said the other boy.

