You may not pee

Author: MrPiggy

*000*2019-09-09 13:02

Sophie woke up from bed. It was a regular weekday, so she had things to get done at the university. She quickly hopped off to the bathroom to pee when her roommate stopped her.

"You may not pee," she said, as if she was in a trance.

Sophie felt confused. "Uhh... Ookay," She tried to squirm her way into the bathroom, but it was futile. So she decided to just have breakfast and go at the university.

She drank several cups of coffee, since always felt that lethargic every morning. In a hurry, she got into the car, with a bladder half full.

The car ride felt especially long. and Sophie's bladder made it even worse. She fidgeted a bit while waiting for traffic to die down. Maybe it was her unlucky day.

After a long wait, she quickly hopped off the car and briskly walked into the university building. Since she had some time, she decided to go visit the bathroom first. But as she got there, some professor she never knew hopped right in front of the ladies' room and did the same mysterious quote: "You may not pee."

Sophie once again tried to squirm her way past the professor, but again, it was of no use. She checked her watch. If she didn't run now, she would be late. Reluctantly with a 6/10 bladder, Sophie left the bathroom behind and ran to class.

To be continued...

Hope you enjoy. If someone actually reads it I'll continue.

*003*2019-09-10 01:53

Ahh, I forgot to say what she is wearing. Lets just say she wore a white tshirt with a pleated blue skirt that was pretty short, with white panties underneath.

Another two hours of misery. Sophie hardly paid any attention to what was being taught but more to how her bladder was feeling. Why is she not allowed to pee? She reconsidered her choices. She could either go full on and charge in or just squat and pee in a bush.

After the course was over, Sophie hobbled out of the classroom door and decided where she wanted to go. She wanted to try the restroom at her favorite restaurant that was near, and also she could get lunch there. She decided a 5-minute walk would be better than using the car, so she walked.

She rethunk her chances of using the car on the way over. Her bladder was feeling really full. When she finally arrived, she barged in and headed towards the restrooms. She put on her most desperate look ever (it wasn't that hard) as she hobbled to the corner of the buildings where the restrooms are. Just as she got there, a store employee, seemingly in the same trace, blocked her path "You may not pee."

Sophie wanted to strangle that employee but she didn't want to create a scene. She said, "Please, I really need to pee. I haven't peed since yesterday."

There was no answer from the employee. She had no choice but to just sit down and have lunch. She ordered a sandwich and two cups of coffee, reluctantly. Sophie had felt thirsty and the coffee came with the meal anyway.

She went to an empty table, legs crossed. And started to eat. She decided to drink all the coffee since it was there anyway.

When she was done, there was even more desperation. The coffee she just drank maybe made her bladder feel even worse, but there was no release. She walked back to the university, hands in her crotch, for what seemed like forever again. She almost had a full-blown accident, but she managed to save herself from hulmiliation.

She entered the building and walked to a different restroom this time. She had to walk for quite long, so she seemed safe. But another professor was blocking the door. "You may not pee."

This time, Sophie was angry. With one hand in her panties and one hand free, she took it all out on the professor. The professor just stood there, indifferent. Sophie didn't think they were actual humans now.

She had raised quite a crowd while she was attempting to beat the professor up. Embarrased, she walked away, trying not to get involved. She tried not to look desperate but it was quite hard to uncross her legs and take her fingers out. Sophie thought it was more embarassing to have an accident than be desperate anyway.

She went to a side door and tried to use her last resort. She ducked under the bush. Just as she was removing her panties she heard a "hello".

Frightened, she quickly stood up, leaking in the process, and looked around. There was a small "fairy" floating around her.

"I am Omalia, the Goddess of urine." The fairy said. She didn't look the type, just a miniature floating human. Her body was quite slim, and it felt like every man wanted to marry her. She wore a plain white dress.

Angrily, Sophie said, "Why are there all those creepy people?"

"No need for that tone there," replied Omalia. "I've see you broke a rule that was pretty sacred to the godkind. I'll have to look up what it was later, but this is your punishment."

"What??"

"And it looks like you have to pee behind the bush. To make it more amusing for me, I've added a device in front of your urethra."

Sophie looked under her panties. There was a strange metal contraption. It didn't look like a plug. "What is this?" she asked.

"Whenever pee touches it, it will shock you. It really hurts. Try it out for yourself."

Sophie didn't understand. Maybe this was a dream. She let out a really tiny spurt on purpose. Instantly, she felt pain like she never felt it. She almost lost control there. Both her hands went back under her skirt to shut her bladder.

"You'll have to keep holding it," said Omalia.

"F-for how much longer?" whimpered Sophie as she squirmed. Her bladder cannot take it much longer. She put all her remaining strength into keep her bladder shut.

"Today is March 30. Hold it for the rest of the month, to April. Then the standards reset and all should be back to normal." Omalia giggled and disappeared.

Sophie stood back up. How could her muscles hold if for 1.5 more days?!? She doubted what had happened as she hurried towards the next class.

*005*2019-09-10 22:56

Sophie sqiurmed in her seat as the lecture went on. Her bladder wanted relief, but it simply couldn't. She also had to put all her concentration into not letting any pee out.

Meanwhile, Omalia tried to keep her busy. "Since I don't have anything else to do, I'll just watch you." she said, squirming a bit too.

The two made small talk as the class went on. "Why are you doing this to me? Please, have mercy and let me pee!" begged Sophie.

"It's out of my control, sorry," was her reply. "I'm just an overseer."

Sohpie switched the topic. "So, you're... the goddess of pee."

"There are many minor gods that nobody really cared about. The one god everyone reads in the christian society isn't all that accurate. I can take any form, but I'll be like this so nobody else sees me. And make sure no one sees those sexy desperation moves for you, too."

Sophie blushed as her fingers pushed harder in. She realized it had been an hour, only one more then she could go home. She'd then suddenly leaked a spurt and got shocked really bad. Sophie tried to keep calm and not give anything away. Thank goodness the room was a bit dark and no one could see her being desperate.

Class was finally over, Sophie ran out. She didn't even bother to go to the bathroom, as she'd get denied. She hopped into her car and started driving. She'd immediately regretted that choice.

The car was cramped, with no room to move. Also, with half her concentration on trying not to prr and only one hand on the wheel, driving was a nightmare. She swerved slightly but managed to not get a ticket.

After the painstaking drive, Sophie parked her car and went into her dorms. She miscrowaved dinner and went to sleep without even changing, as bending over would cause pain and desperation. She slowly went to sleep, her bladder ready to explode.

*007*2019-09-11 12:54

Sophie woke up, finding herself still clenching her bladder. It had been two days since she peed. Her bladder and muscles were sore, but they were forced to keep going. She also found out that over the time, her bladder created a big noticeable bump. She guessed her bladder must be the size of a melon right now. Oh, how she wished to pee...

She got off of bed and made some breakfast. She realized she'd slept in her skirt. But Sophie just decided to keep it on, as it wasn't such a priority and changing would be so much more painful.

Just then, Omalia showed up and said, "How's my little holder going?"

Sophie could just mumble a phrase while she crossed her legs: "Please... let me pee..."

"No pee for you until tomorrow. You did your horrible deed, now you must pay for it."

Sophie had the guts to ask: "W-What did I do exactly?"

"Well, a bunch of things that I still can't remember. Anyhow, I've come to issue a challenge."

Sophie felt curious. "W-What is it?"

"Instead of peeing tomorrow, You can have a holding contest with yours truly. It could mean I lose early and you get to pee today, or I manage to keep on holding like you are and you never get to pee."

Sophie felt ambitious. Besides, what could possibly happen? "I-I accept."

"Good. I see how your courage never fails you."

A couple water bottle materialized onto the table. "You drink 3 bottles, I drink three bottles."

The two of them chugged three bottles that amounted to 1.5 liters. Little did she know Omalia spiked all of hers with diuretics...

Sophie was starting to be running late, so she took off to class. She didn't bother to drive, so she walked half an hour to the building instead. People stared at her while she crossed her legs and had both her hands in her skirt, but she didn't even care now. The main objective is to hold it...

Sophie now finally arrived. It did feel longer than driving, but at least she made it. She hurried into the building and sat down in her classroom. She felt the need to keep squirming, so she did so to save her bladder. She wondered how long this would keep up...

*009*2019-09-12 12:57

Sophie could hardly stand it. Her bladder had grown to the size of a pumpkin now, and she still wasn't allowed to pee. She would've felt better with a plug, but it was all on her muscles now. She wondered how much longer she can hold it.

She sat through class, legs crossed, hands under her skirt. She could feel the roundness and hardness of her poor bladder and the sloshing going on inside. She figured it wouldn't be that much longer until she had her chance...

Omalia showed up with brand new gadget. "It measures how full your bladder is," she explained.

Sophie didn't need reminding about how full her bladder was. "Mine is 12%," said Omalia. "Yours is... Oh my."

"What?" said Sophie.

"324%..." was her reply.

Sophie couldn't believe it. Normally one would burst when the bladder reached 100%, but somehow she managed to keep on holding.

Omalia flew down her skirt. Sophie somehow flinched at the movement but then sat back.

"Your bladder is huge!" exclaimed Omalia.

Sophie snuck a peek under her skirt too. She hoped no one was watching. There it was, a huge bulge. Her panties that wrapped around it were also starting to rip loose.

Omalia gently rubbed the bulge. "Does someone need to pee???" she taunted.

Sophie almost let out a leak. "P-Please stop..."

Omalia poked a spot, causing a small spurt of urine to come out. Sophie squirmed in pain. "If I were you, I would definitely even hold it after the contest is over. Your big bladder looks so satisfying.

Sophie didn't even want to listen to her. She was in pain, and she wanted to let it all out.

There was only a half hour remaining in class. After that she got a lunch break. Just keep holding... thought Sophie.

Omalia went up and said, "oops, I'm needed. I'll see ya later." she poofed into dust.

Now that the pee goddess was gone, Sophie could finally hold it in peace. She thought about 324%... If she were forced to hold it any longer, it would probably reach 500% and keep on going. Was her bladder that strong? Or was it her muscles? Now she didn't want anything more than to have a pee...

*013*2019-11-16 00:06

I've kinda been lost for a while, but since you asked Ill just keep going.

The pee was painstakingly sloshing around in Sophie's overfilled bladder. The was so much inside waiting to be let out. Sophie wanted to desperately let it out of her system.

When Omalia returned, Sophie begged her to let her go. "I'm sorry, I forfeit the challenge, just let me pee..."

"Well, I do think this has gone too far... Let's make a deal. If you want to pee, go outside and let it all out into your clothes. Then we'll be done."

Without second thought, Sophie rushed out of the classroom, then the building, and ran into an alley that wasn't very public. Omalia then released the device that kept Sop=hie from peeing. With her legs trembling, Sophie's bladder let go, letting a waterfall of pee drench herself. The stream lasted about 5 minutes, and it made a big puddle that was about 10 feet in diameter. Sophie led it all into a drain nearby. She felt truly relieved to have been able to pee. She honestly kind of liked the feeling though.

Sophie then walked home and had a change of clothes. She stayed home for the entire day, waiting for it to be over and hoping tomorrow would be perfectly normal.

