[Pokemon] Defnitely a water-type - Page 5

Author: Misteriousmr

*100*2016-05-06 10:51

{{14 hours ago, Xygna said:

My bad, I meant wetting as foreplay for the sexy time. Not into naked wetting either, but it was really nice to read as foreplay earlier.

Thanks for working this in ^^

Also, as a final note: I am really enjoying this so far. I am looking forward to the next installment and hope this continues for a while yet.

}}

Oh haha, can do :D and thanks, I'm really enjoying writing this :)

$$

$$

$$

$$

*101*2016-05-06 11:18

"Electrophorus gym, leader: Ella and Tricia, two highly energetic girls!" Emily read aloud as they stood in front of a large, steam-punk looking building. Giant gears were spinning on the front of the building, and multiple generators were sticking out of the roof. The inside was surprisingly claustrophobic. A big switch was located close to the front door. As Emily flipped it, large gears started spinning, leaving an opening inbetween the cogs. The next room consisted of more gears and more switches. As Emily hit the switch, they started turning again. On top of that, a large screw moved up from the ground, revealing another switch behind it. Chloe walked over and hit it, making the screw raise even higher. When it reached the roof, it completed a circuit, and more gears spun out of the way.

In the next room, two girls were standing around, looking rather excited.

"Hiya! I'm Ella!"

"And I'm Tricia!"

"And we're the only double battle gym in the region!" they said simultaniously.

Chloe and Emily looked at eachother. A double battle? They hadn't heard about a gym doing double battles before.

Nummel and Groudon were quite the opposite of eachother, and even the Magnezone and Pikachu paled in comparrison.

"Nummel, use Mud sport!"

"Groudon, use Percipice blades!"

Nummel shot a big blast of earth from its back, which covered all the Pokemon, yet only the opponents seemed to mind, with Magnezone even being knocked out of balance for a second. The giant blades shot out of the earth and hit Pikachu with full force, sending him flying into the wall and fainting. Tricia withdrew the Pokemon and send out Voltorb.

"Magnezone, use thunder!"

"Voltorb, use self destruct!"

The thunder hit Nummel, but its sturdy body that was covered in mud weakened the blow severely, and he didn't even flinch. The Voltorb concentrated and released an enormous blast, hitting everyone while he himself fainted. Tricia send out her last Pokemon; a Zebstrika.

"Zebstrika, use Thunder wave!" the wave of electricity hit Nummel in the face, making him shake on his feet and unable to move.

"Groudon, use Bulldoze!" Groudon stomped on the ground and in a flurry attacked everything around him. Magnezone was sent flying, and fainted. Zebstrika was hit severely, but didn't faint. Nummel was hit, but its tough skin resisted a lot of damage. Ella withdrew her Magnezone and send out her Heliolisk.

"Heliolisk, use Parabolic charge!" a beam of electricity shot through the Pokemon and back to Heliolisk, and Nummel was obviously struggling with the amount of damage he was taking.

"Groudon, use Precipice blades!"

"Nummel, use Earthquacke!"

Again, the blades shot towards the Heliolisk and made him faint instantly. The earthquacke shook the room, and the ground underneath the Zebstrika broke open, making it faint.

"Good job you two!" Ella said, while withdrawing her Pokemon,

"Yeah, you rock!" Tricia added while putting her Pokeball back into her pocket.

"You deserve this!" they both haned out a generator-shaped, yellow badge, which Emily and Chloe put in their bag, before heading back out of the gym.

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE BADGES

*104*2016-05-06 22:03

{{1 hour ago, Night Rain said:

Here's an idea how about the next time a gym battle happens Chloe could have an accident?

}}

Hmmm, intresting, will definitely look into it ;)

*106*2016-05-10 21:22

Sorry for the break, life's been rough lately, but I'm back with more new, fresh ideas!

"Good evening ladies, what can I get ya?" the Mart salesman said with a smile

"5 potions please, and ummmm..." Chloe looked at the price list next to the counter "5 Pokeballs..."

"Heading out to the desert?" He asked while packing all the items in a plastic bag, "may I suggest you take some waterbottles with you? It can get rather warm, so you may need it."

"Um, yeah, sure, 5 bottles water please." Chloe added after making eyecontact with Emily, who nodded.

The next day, both girls headed out south, towards a vast sandy landscape reaching as far as the eye could see. The dunes reflected the light, and in the distance there was a small watering hole with a few Hippopotas, Cacturn and Sandshrew around it. The two headed forward, and soon found that the sun shining on the sand made it rather hot. Chloe was glad they'd taken the water bottles with them, and about halfway through, 3 of the 5 were empty already. Chloe and Emily decided to sit down near another watering hole. Since they were deeper into the desert, there were fewer animals, and the few Sandslash that were lying in the shade of the palmtrees barely moved when the couple sat down and released their Pokemon.

Out of nowhere, a blast of sand hit Chloe's Nummel, who was barely phased by it, only looking over numbly, but Chloe wasn't going to stand by letting her Pokemon get bullied. She looked around, looking for the source, as from the sands a Hippopowdon slowly rose up. The sand streaming from its back shifted as it lifted up above the survace, and its red eyes were looking at Nummel with a vicious expression.

"Nummel, use Fire blast!"

From Nummel's back, a rather big fireball was hurled at the Pokemon, which exploded on contact, sending a blast of heat in all directions.

"Quickly, use Earthquacke!"

The earth shook, which obviously surprised the Hippopowdon, who slowly sank back down into the sand.

"Finish it with a Flamethrower!"

From Nummel's mouth an impressive beam of fire shot forward, hitting the now-exposed chin of the Pokemon. The sand around the creature started to crystalise, and the Hippopowdon fainted.

As Chloe sat back down, Nummel started evolving. It grew way bigger and more edgy. When the transformation stopped, there was a big, orange coloured cow-like creature where Nummel first was. It had two rocky, volcano-like holes on it's back and two blue circles on it's side.

The road to Litho city, home to the Ground type gym, went without problem. When the girls exited the desert and walked the short path to the city, all bottles were completely gone, yet they were both still thirsty. They decided to battle some trainers along the way and when they eventually entered the city as the sun was setting, they were 5000 P richer. The Inn was rather practical. It wasn't anything fance, and it was rather bland, but it had everything they needed. They decided to go to a local restaurant for dinner (and a looooot of drinks). They walked around the city a bit before setteling down on the terrace. As Chloe sipped her coffee, an Altaria swooped down and landed in front of her, sticking out its claw. A letter was attached to it, and when Chloe opened it, a red-orange stone fell out of it.

"Dear Chloe. I'm glad to know that your journey is going well. Congratulations on the evolution of your Nummel into a Camerupt, and I'm glad to tell you that this Pokemon can Mega evolve! The stone send with this letter, Cameruptite, will allow you to do just that. Have fun on your journey! Mr. Evolution" Chloe read out loud.

"Wow, awesome!" Emily said, while picking up the stone. Chloe frowned.

"But...how did he know...? Ah whatever." she sighed as she sipped her coffee again.

"Haha, I wish I could've seen her face! Oh well, I'm happy for her."

An old man was standing in a bright white room, with a lense in hand. The blue eye floating in darkness on the other side responded in its usual, deep voice

"Doctor, is it ethical to stalk these two?"

"Oh it's not stalking! I'm just...keeping an eye out for her...she WAS the one that freed you, was she not? So she has a lot of potential!"

The eye sighed

"Oh well, it's your choice da- I mean doctor"

An awkward silence fell

"I miss you" the man eventually said, a small tear welling up in his eye

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE MYSTERY

*109*2016-05-11 20:50

{{14 hours ago, Xygna said:

Loving the plot twist that last chapter implied. Naturally, I am unsure if what I am inferring is accurate, but it is interesting nonetheless. Looking forward to the next chapter.

}}

{{20 hours ago, Minervafan110 said:

This is getting very mysterious lol

}}

$$

*113*2016-05-13 06:14

Ummm, duh!

$$

*115*2016-05-14 12:52

{{13 hours ago, wheatley said:

I was... actually focusing on doge there. not toby- I mean the annoying dog.

}}

I know, is a joke ;)

Also #teamrowlet

*116*2016-05-16 20:45

Man, I'm busy!

"Pffft, I'm beat!" Chloe said, while falling onto the bed. She grabbed the remote control and turned on the tv

"We're now going live to the champ, Garry, you're there with him?" the view switched from the newsreporter's studio to a small road inbetween some trees. Chloe gasped, she instantly recognised it, what happened?

"Yes Peter, we are here live with youngster Brandon who has taken the news by storm with his rather exceptional Metapod! Brandon's Metapod has been Hardening for weeks, breaking record after record. Brandon, what made you decide to do this?" the camera moved to the side and Chloe almost fell off of the bed. Brandon was the first trainer she'd faught, where she'd spent 30 minutes hitting an infinitely hardening Metapod.

"Well, it all started a few weeks ago. This girl with a Galvantula came around, and she had the hardest time beating Mety, so I decided that the best defence is...well...defence! So, I told Mety to harden all the time, and now here I am!"

"That's great! And where is this mystery woman now?"

"I dunno, I though I saw her soaring overhead once, and saw her walking through the forest one other time, but I haven't seen her since..."

"And what would you like to say to her?"

"Well, thank you! You've shown me that no matter what, never give up on what you believe in! If I see you, you'll get a free Mety shirt!" he added with a big, teethy grin.

"Well you heard it here ladies and gentleman, and remember, you can order your Mety the Metapod merchandise online and soon in a Pokemart near you. Back to you Peter!"

Chloe was frozen on the bed. What? This dude....The guy that took up 30 minutes of her life...that singlehandidly caused her to wet herself for the first time since she was 5...Had...was...but...how...

Emily walked in, and saw that Chloe was in quite a state.

"Hey, what's up?" she said, laying her head on Chloe's shoulder, letting her blue hair flow over Chloe's boobs.

Chloe looked over before slowly saying "I have...quite a story to tell..."

CONTINUE HARD 2: CONTINUE HARDER

*120*2016-05-17 20:22

"What really? You're the Metapod girl?" Emily was actively laughing out loud when Chloe told her the story of how she'd been attacking the Mettapod for half an hour. "But that's great! You get a free Mety shirt! Why didn't we leave yet?!"

"Leaving? We just got here!" Chloe muttered. She shifted her weight. She had a surprise for Emily.

"Haha, well, I guess we can wait a while" Emily winked.

"Well, talking about waiting..." she pushed Emily onto the bed. She looked at her for a moment. Her blue hair was spread outwards from her pretty face, and her perfect boobs were sticking upwards from underneath her black shirt. She looked slightly surprised.

Chloe walked towards her, bent over, and passionately kissed her on the lips. As she broke away, she moved up and on top of Emily, setteling down on her stomach. She reached her hands backwards and found Emilys's. She moved them forwards and put them on her thighs. Emily kinda let it all just happen, but was arroused nonetheless.

Chloe closed her eyes and looked upwards. All her thoughts went to her netherregions. She slowly felt a euphoric feeling come over her. The warmth of both an arousal and her wetting moved outwards. Emily felt the warmth stream onto her belly, making her turn-on grow more verocious. The urine flowed sideways rolling over her sides and onto the bed. Chloe moaned as she let the bottles of water out of her body. Once she was done, she moved backwards off of her girlfriend and onto the ground. She guessed she was pretty turned on right now.

Emily gasped for air as she felt a pressure on her crotch. Chloe slowly started rubbing her girlfriends intimate zone through her panties. Emily moaned louder as the hand started moving up and down. She already had quite a pressure on her bladder, and now she was stimulated like this, she wasn't sure how long she could hold on like this. The awnser wasn't long, as Emily moaned louder as she climaxed. Chloe withdrew her hand as she knew what was next. Emily couldn't hold back the flood through her climax, and soon enough a dark patch was rapidly expanding around her crotch.

"You really know how to entertain" Emily said. After the sexytimes, they'd both showered and cleaned the bed, and now they were lying side-by-side in their big, cozy bed.

"Oh come on, you can't tell me you didn't like it!" Chloe responded

"Like it? It felt like my brain was going to melt from pleasure!" Emily responded laughing.

Chloe scuffled closer to Emily and hugged her. Emily somehow always was warmer than her. She put one arm underneath her neck and one arm just above her boobs. She gave her a kiss on the cheeck.

"I love you, you know that?" she whispered

Emily smiled, "I love you, too" she responded.

"You knew?!" a man with dark hair was pasing back and forth, "you knew and you didn't tell me?"

"Well...I didn't exactly "know", it was a hunch." the old man replied. The dark man took deep breaths, obviously trying to calm himself down. He looked over his shoulder at the dismantled machine.

"Do you have any idea...ANY idea how much damage I could've-"

"Yes I am quite aware of that thank you" the old man interrupted. He sighed, he hadn't been looking forward to this. "And..." he started, "I have...something else...that I need to talk to you about Tenebr-"

"Don't call me that!" the man interrupted

"It's...it's about your brother..."

TO BE CONTINUED WITH MORE TENEBRIS WHICH IS DARKNESS IN LATIN ISN'T THAT COOL?

*124*2016-05-18 08:45

Log testday 1:

Today, I will start my research into ghost Pokemon and the connection between them and humans. I caught a few Pokemon (listed below) and will conduct experiments on them. This log will be used to record my tests and possible results. The Pokemon are as follows:

- Misdreavus (X-01)

- Yamask (X-02)

- Haunter (X-03)

- Banette (X-04)

- Duskull (X-05)

- Lampent (X-06)

- Phantump (X-07)

- Pumpkaboo (X-08)

The tests will take place in my lab in Eclace city. I made sure to keep all the Pokemon savely locked away using a machine, my own creation, which uses the power of duskstones to keep them in one place. I will start testing tomorrow.

Log testday 2:

I will try to communicate with the Pokemon using my tinted lens. Today I will start with subjects X-01 and X-02. The conversations are recorded below.

( Converse 1, subject: X-01 )

"Hello?"

"..."

"Can you hear me?"

"..."

"Can you respond?"

"..."

"Are you willing to cooperate?"

"...*inaudible noise*"

"Can you remember a previous life?"

*inaudible noise*

"Can you speak?"

*inaudible noise* "...y...y..."

"Move to the left for yes, to the right for no"

[subject X-01 moves around, ends in the middle]

"Are you willing to cooperate?"

[subject X-01 moves to the right]

*inaudible noise gets louder, log ends*

( Converse 2, subject:X-02 )

"Hello?"

"H.....e....l.....l......o"

"Can you hear me?"

"Y.....e.....s"

"Are you willing to awnser some questions?"

"Y.....e....s"

"Ok. Can you remember anything about a previous life?"

[subject X-02 moves around uncomfortably]

"Can you remember anything about a previous life?"

[subject raises the mask on its tail up to its face]

*sobbing*

"Can you remember anything about a previous life?"

*sobbing grows louder, log ends*

Though these conversations weren't a succes, I still have hope. Tomorrow I'll try to talk to X-03 and X-04.

Signed,

- Dr. Praegressus

$$

$$

$$

$$

