Best outcome of a wetting so far

Author: makeyouwetter

*000*2019-11-09 22:23

I had been dying to try rapid desperation for months when I finally had the possibility to actually do it. My roommate was out of town so I decided to dedicate this whole day to some wet fun. I went to the bathroom as soon as I woke up and followed it with a big glass of water. I set a timer for fifteen minutes until I was going to drink another. I continued this and put a bottle by my desk that I could piss into as soon as I needed to, for an extra sense of relaxation. As I continued to drink regularly, and letting go as soon as I felt the need, the time between the toilet breaks decreased and soon I'd piss every ten minutes.

When the time came for me to stop peeing I was already slightly aroused from the feeling of needing to per almost all the time. My dick was starting to get hard and create a bulge in my grey sweatpants. I debated whether I should do something about it or not, but I decided against it. Instead I turned a game on and tried to ignore the already growing need for release. After about half an hour I was already squirming in my seat and trying to focus on the boss I was on.

The need to pee was making my focus lack and as I lost the fight I slammed my fist against the armrest. Big mistake. My dick spasmed and a huge spurt of piss squirted into my boxers. I moaned and instantly squeezed the tip of my penis to try and regain control. I managed to stop it, but not before a dime sized wet spot was visible on my sweatpants. I didn't want to fuck up my carpet so I got up to finish in the kitchen, where it still felt naughty but was easier to clean up. I stood up and started walking, each step being a struggle.

Well in the kitchen I started doing the dishes, but the second I turned the water on I lost the battle. I didn't even realize until my right thigh got warm. I tried to stop it but I stood no chance. I just stood there and enjoyed feeling my dick let go in my pants and having no control. After about a minute it was over and my dick had gotten rock solid in the process. Before cleaning up I decided to put some nice piss porn on and get off.

After a few minutes I was getting close, and I felt that old familiar feeling, but it was different, more intense. I tried to hold back a bit more but after a little bit it got the better of me and white, wet cum shot out from the tip of my dick.

But there was something more. In the middle of cumming, the rapid desperation caught up and I started uncontrollably pissing. It got all over me, my floor and my desk and it was so intense. I almost shouted out in pleasure as it was almost too much to handle. When I was empty of everything I felt hotter and more satisfied than ever. Needless to say, I'll try this again...

*002*2019-11-11 14:25

{{15 hours ago, AliasnameTO said:

Hot story, but was this fictional or real?

}}

Thanks! It was fictional, my first ever on this page

