Kara Danvers, I've Been Expecting You

Author: MassEffectLyfe

*000*2022-02-23 05:01

There she was. She floated like a goddess, she had the powers of one too. Uncontainable in every way possible, yet she folded so perfectly in Lena Luthor's hand. And just as instructed, Supergirl was hovering over Lena's office balcony as per the text Lena sent not less than five, maybe six minutes ago.

"Lena?" Kara asked sharply, clearly pretending that this was an inconvenience.

Lena looked over her shoulder, as if to say she didn't hear Kara arrive. She stood up from her desk, her long charcoal dress hanging just a few inches under her knees, but was tight enough to show every bit of curvature the Luthor had to offer. Seeing Lena's tight dress changed Kara's expression from one of impatience to one of need.

"Is it true, Kara?" Lena toyed with her a little, motioning Kara inside the office as she turned away from her. Unsure of what she meant, Kara landed gracefully, her cape wrapped around her legs a little. "Is what true, Lena?" The Kryptonian inquired, almost scared.

Lena faced Kara again, they stood maybe six feet apart now. "Is it true that you belong to me?" Lena said sternly, closing the gap to maybe three feet. Kara's bottom lip dropped for a second as she thought about this. "Did you call me from the other side of the city just to ask me that?" Kara asked, trying to sound confident.

The gap closed further. Inches apart now. Lena raised her right hand to meet Kara's cheek, and the Kryptonian immediately lowered her head in Lena's hand. "You know why I wanted you here, Kara," Lena said softly.

Kara inched back for a second, stammering over her words. "Lena, I should really - " Kara began, but Lena quickly silenced her with a finger to her lips. This little action made Kara feel so fucking weak, but she loved it. Lena followed up with resting the back of her hand on Kara's shoulder. Kara had done this enough to know what it meant. She slowly got down on her knees in front of Lena. The Luthor brushed messy blonde hair from the Kryptonian's face as she admired her. Kara looked down in defeat.

"Do I need to say the words?" Lena inquired, the back of her hand still weighted on Kara's shoulder. Kara shook her head to indicate no. "I like saying them anyways," Lena teased. Kara looked up now, innocent eyes. Lena made eye contact with her. "But I'd like it even better if you said the words this time," Lena advised.

Kara's bottom lip quivered. "Okay," Kara thought. "Mistress Luthor, I am your piss slut. I'm helpless without you," Kara said, weakly. Lena grew a mischievous smile. "What do you usually do after that?" Luthor checked, already knowing the answer. Kara looked up surprised, humiliation burnt in her expression. "I-I pee my pants," Kara muttered, but quickly followed up, "But we agreed not in the suit!"

Lena took a moment on this, "You agreed not in the suit, but either way, we both know it's machine washable," Lena smiled. "I wouldn't make you hold it all day while fighting crime to let you use the bathroom, would I?" Lena reminded Kara of her all day holding event. Kara couldn't compete with the weight of Lena's hand, her words or how stunning this woman was. Without hesitation, the blue fabric of Kara's Supergirl pantsuit began to soak almost black, her defeat expanding outwards than downwards across her thighs until the warmth pooled around her knees. Kara's breathing heightened, but everything in her body tensed as nearly fifteen hours of piss poured out of her bladder into her suit.

Kara looked up from her mess to Lena, who quickly offered Kara her hand to help her on her feet. "Should I expect you at my apartment tonight?" Lena said, devious. "Y-Yeah," Kara offered the shy response. Before the conversation could continue, Kara's enhanced hearing picked up some nearby screaming. "I-I have to go, there's -" Kara started again, "No, go, the world needs Kara Danvers - even if she can't keep her pants dry," Lena interrupted, watching the redness spread on Kara's cheeks before she flew away so quick it was almost as if she teleported.

A LIL SOMETHIN I MADE UP COMPLETELY ON THE FLY! There's like so many comic book characters I want to dive back into writing about now. I might do a Jessica Jones training Kate Bishop thing, but the age difference makes it a little weird, and that's a comic book deep cut. Also considering more Black Widow & Scarlet Witch stories, because Nat and Wanda totally fight for dominance. The Harcourt character from Peacemaker might be a good one too. Give me some suggestions in the comments!

