2 naughty girls and 2 horny boys!

Author: MikeB

*000*2025-01-20 21:38

Just a imagination.

2 naughty, sex addicted girls made a day trip with 2 steady horny boys. All 4 were over 18 years old.

The girls love it to make boys horny and to turn them on with their sexy bodies and their slutty outfit.

At this special day were the girls dressed like sluts and showed a lot of their smooth naked skin.

Their thin summer dresses were ultra short and covered nearly their panties and sometimes not even that.

”What do you think, will we get fucked before they bring us home to night?” asked one of the girls the other girl silently.

”I don’t know, but the 2 are looking great and we will do our best that they will do it with us.” answered the girl.

The boys on the other hand said “the 2 slutty gals will not go to sleep tonight before they had our dicks deep inside.”

They had a great day together and the girls tried always to turn the boys on and to tease them with their sexy bodies.

At afternoon they were in a park, the girls climbed up to a wall and were sitting on top.

The boys were standing in front of them. The knees of the girls were on the same level as the faces of the boys. The girls opened slowly their knees, they spread their bare thighs and showed them their panties.

The girls loved to see the growing penises in the boys shorts and they loved to tease them that way.

“Your panties are pretty cute! Is that what you have underneath your panties cute as well?” asked one of the boys and pressed the fabric of one girl’s panty in her slit.

The girl closed her thighs and trapped his hand for some seconds between her thighs.

They spent a great afternoon, with much erotic together and were for something to eat in a fast food at evening as one girl said “sorry, but i need to piss now, my bladder is already up to my belly button.”

”I am full to burst as well. I am needing to piss since more than 2 hours, let us go before it is too late.” said the other girl and was standing up.

The girls did know that many guys gets turned on about girls who are needing to wee and this 2 naughty girls wanted to turn the boys on as much as possible, they used every chance to make the boys horny for having a good sex with them.

Not even one minute later they came back to their table and one of the girls said “ the line is too long, we have to hold it.”

The girls did know it from others and from their own experiences that boys can get very horny when girls are holding a full bladder, but they didn’t know that this 2 guys were absolutely freaks about girls who are desperate to pee and that nothing can turn them on more than a bursting full girl bladder and a girl who is desperate to pee.

”We have to hold it!” replied one of the guys. “You 2 haven’t pissed even once the entire day. You must need to go already pretty bad.How much longer will you be able to hold it before you will wet your slutty panties.” he asked full of lust and full of horniness.

The girls were happy about the boys reaction and about that their full pee tanks were an extra turn on for the boys.

They were willing to suppress their urge and to let their bladders suffer for having a good sex with that guys.

”I don’t know how much longer we will be able to hold it, but don’t worry about us, we are big girls and we have a good control about all that what is below under our navels.”answered the girl and caressed her lower abdomen.

”You mean control about your bladder’s and control about that where your piss is wanting to come out urgently? “ asked the boy.

”Yes that does it mean.” answered the girl.

”Is this an offer that you will demonstrate us how good you are able to control your dirty, horny pussies?” How good they are trained to hold and trained to fuck? “ asked one of the guys with a visible hard dick in his shorts.

”Let’s see what will happen.” answered the girl and pushed her hand between her gorgeous, sexy thighs.

“That must get punished!!” thought the guy and ordered a large drink for the girls.

”Sadist!” said one of the girls. If we drink that, we HAVE to piss before we leave, no matter how long the line will be. “ said the other girl.

”You will not!!!!” said both boys at the same time.

The girls wanted to the toilet before leaving, but the boys didn’t let them.

On the way home the girls were begging for a much needed piss, but the boys didn’t stop to let them do it.

In the meantime were the boys more horny than the girls.

The girls had not pissed since they were getting up early in the morning. The last drink expanded their bladders near to the bursting point. To piss was already much more important for them than to have sex.

The poor girls were more and more begging for a much needed piss stop.

On one hand they had reached their goal to make the boys horny as possible, but on the other hand they were getting punished for that.

The 2 guys were so horny about the desperate girls, they wanted to see their sexy legs knotted and their hands pressed between their thighs for much longer, they didn’t want to stop, but it was getting more and more visible that the slutty gals were reaching their limits.

To stretch the time, they were since a long time away from the motorway.

They were at a little country road with a wood at one side of the road.

There was a sign for a resting place near the road and the driver decided to stop there before the frantic sluts would have pissed in his car.

They could get there with the car, it was not far, just behind some trees and bushes.

There were some wooden tables and wooden benches.

The girls were getting out of the car and as soon as they stopped, they pulled their panties down under their knees and lifted their super short dresses right in front of the horny guys. Before they were able to squat and to piss finally, the boys took them and laid them on the wooden tables.

”Oh no! You can’t do that, you’ll burst my bladder if you don’t let me piss before,” whined one of the girls, but the boy didn’t even listen to her. He pulled her little panty down over one leg. The panty was now around of one of her naked thigh and made this thigh even more sexy.

There was no one around, they were absolutely alone. It was dark but not too dark, because of the bright moon.

The boys could see the great naked bodies of the girls and wanted nothing more than to fuck them and that was it what they did.

They fucked them as hard as they could and pressed again and again hard and deep in their bellies and squeezed their over full bladders.

The girls were in ecstasy from needing to piss so unbelievable bad and from lust and horniness as well.

They cried loud when they climaxed and not even one second afterwards they jumped from the table, squatted beside and pissed with loud moaning, with high pressure for endless long.

”I still can’t believe that a girl’s bladder can endure to get so much tortured. I thought that i heard the angels singing from needing to piss so inhumane bad as you pushed my bladder from inside and from outside, but it was unbelievably great!” said one of the girls.

”I think we 4 should make sex holidays for one week. We take a room for 4 persons and we change each other every night. You girls would be not allowed to pee until you get permission from us boys. What do you think about that?” asked one of the boys.

