Jennifer's Hike

Author: mrbobert

*000*2019-06-24 23:17

Jennifer had always liked hiking. It was always a great escape from modern life, and furthermore, it was an opportunity to indulge in one of her pleasures.

As a kid she had always wandered around in the forest behind her house. At age 12 she had an accident during one of these adventures, completely soaking her pants. She was incredibly distraught, but found it surprisingly enjoyable. A few weeks later she packed some spare clothes, and had a second “accident.” Since that day she always took advantage of any opportunity she had to wet herself.

These days her opportunities are a little less common. She lives with a roommate, and between college and work, she hardly has any free time. But today, today is different. Yesterday she took her last final. For the first time in several months, she is free to do whatever her heart desires. Upon waking to this realization, she began preparing for a hike. She packed several bottles of water, as well as a pair of cotton pink panties and blue denim shorts for her endeavor. After a quick breakfast, she left, excited for a great hike.

The closest trail was about an hour of driving away, so she took this time as an opportunity to start filling up. By the time she arrived, she could already feel a little bit of pressure in her bladder. She set off on the trail, the sun noticeably heating her black hair. As she got further along the trail, she began wondering if she needed the extra clothes she had packed. With the constant sunlight, surely her clothes would dry rather quickly. After some consideration, she wandered off the trail, and changed into the clothes she brought. They were more comfortable, she reasoned. She was hardly desperate though.

Realizing that it would be hours before she lost control, she decided that today, she would just pee whenever the urge came to her, starting right now. She kept walking, but focused on relaxing herself. It wasn’t long before she felt a trickle, and soon her shorts were noticeably wet. It wasn’t too bad, but there was a fist sized patch clearly visible, and a few drops had made it down her legs. Her heart skipped a beat as she assessed the damage; in that moment she felt so many urges. However, there was still a lot more trail, so she fought them off and kept hiking, enjoying the feeling of wet clothes on her thighs.

She hiked for about an hour after that, mostly enjoying the isolation. Her shorts were no longer visibly wet, but her panties still felt damp. She had also worked up a surprising urge to pee from consistently drinking water. And although she didn’t like it, she realized she should turn around soon. But first she had something to attend to.

She wandered off the trail once again, sitting down on a large rock. Her excitement made her shake a little bit, but despite this she was still able to relax. Hot pee pushed its way into her damp panties, quickly soaking through into the shorts. She felt it pool around her butt, and she watched as it dripped down the rock. After a few seconds the stream stopped, and she could feel her heart beating. She shuddered when she felt her butt with her hand, gently squeezing her self. She couldn’t resist any longer, and began rubbing herself. The feeling of wet fabric against her hand and her vagina felt so incredible. She went a little faster, a little harder, but she very quickly orgasmed. Slowly she took her hand away from her crotch, and stood up from the rock. Pee dripped down her legs Without even looking, she could tell that her butt was covered in pee. There was a faint smell, but not much.

The walk back home was a lovely experience, the pee soaked panties squished a little bit with every step. Eventually her shorts dried out a little, and she drove home, arriving to the exact same scene that she had left. Nothing had changed, and more importantly, nobody had found out about her adventure.

*002*2019-06-25 03:12

{{58 minutes ago, Melificentfan said:

That was fantastic

}}

Thank you. If I find time I might write more someday.

