CleanStream™

Author: MotherofWhores

*000*2025-05-29 23:24

A society on the brink of abandoning toilets completely.

Legends say CleanStream sprang from a desperate plague of cholera—an age when open sewers choked the streets and entire districts fell silent with illness. Early inventors fused organic filters with nanite swarms, teaching them to feast on urea and fecal matter alike. The breakthrough ushered in the New Purity, and with it, a stark social rift: those who carried the promise of perpetual health—and those who did not.

The rich carry CleanStream implants that process and recycle every trace of waste within their bodies. From childhood, elite heirs attend austere boarding schools where they learn to suppress every urge until their sixteenth birthday—when the coveted CleanStream is finally activated. Every individual’s social standing is tied to the tier of CleanStream they possess. Those in lower castes maintain old‐fashioned lavatories in their homes or pay for scarce public facilities. At the very bottom live the outcasts, unaugmented and forced to relieve themselves in the streets.

*001*2025-06-01 04:09

CleanStream™

The city buzzed with the hum of CleanStream-equipped citizens, their bodies in perfect harmony with the gleaming chrome pipes beneath the gleaming sidewalks. Only the occasional splash from a distant alleyway served as a grim reminder of what once was. Inside the prestigious Purity Academy, young Elara sat at her desk, her eyes glued to the digital clock ticking down the minutes to her CleanStream ceremony. It was a moment she had dreamed of her entire life—the day she would join the upper echelons of society and leave the discomfort of the lower castes behind.

"Remember, Elara," her dorm mother, Mrs. Castellanos, admonished from the doorway, "You must show complete control. A full bladder is a sign of strength and discipline."

Elara nodded solemnly, her heart racing. She had spent years at the academy, mastering her body's urges alongside her schoolwork. Her parents had invested a fortune to ensure she attended this institution, and she knew the importance of this rite of passage. "Yes, Mrs. Castellanos," she replied, her voice steady and confident.

Each girl had a strict regimen to follow, and Elara was the best at it. She could hold her bladder longer than anyone else, a fact that had earned her the envy of her peers. They whispered about her in hushed tones, sharing rumors of her iron will. Her roommate, Lila, lay in her bed, her eyes wide with fear. "How do you do it?" she asked, her voice trembling.

Elara offered a reassuring smile. "You just have to think of something else, focus on your studies. It's all in the mind."

During the years of her ceremonial preparations, Elara had become a legend among her peers for her ability to withstand the worst trials of the Purity Academy curriculum. In one notorious exercise, they were made to line up in formation outside in the courtyard for two full hours — no shifting, no stepping out, no breaks.

The heat of the sun bore down on their backs as hydration tabs dissolved on their tongues. Minutes passed like centuries. Some girls shuffled slightly, others bounced imperceptibly on the balls of their feet.

Elara stood stock-still.

Inside, her bladder burned. Her insides swelled and pressed outward. But she held. Her fists were clenched, her thighs locked, and her breathing shallow. One instructor even stopped beside her and whispered, "You're a model of control. The CleanStream will serve you well."

That memory flickered through Elara’s mind as she lay in her bunk, legs drawn up tight, the cool dormitory air brushing against her damp brow. The pain was familiar — not quite the same as it had been that day in the training hall, but close. Familiar enough to remind her what was at stake.

Not long now, she told herself.

