Exploding Milk

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2021-04-02 20:29

### this is a story of a hottie who has to pee at her job, but multiple intersections of misery block her from release, and other beauties as well. Soon, they’re in line. All of this is the fault as well of a devilish perv. I posted this story before and took it down since people thought it was mean....but it’s FICTIONAL. Not real in any way shape or form. The perv in the story making them desperate is just some dummy who no one should be like. But it just fiction. If you don’t want to read this cause you feel it portrays omorashi lovers poorly that’s fine. I don’t care if anyone reads it. But I wrote it. Thanks you

Sarah was a gorgeous girl. She worked the checkout line at the super mart that whole summer afternoon. Forced to wear the uncomfortable uniform of a tight blue shirt which showed off her strong body snd strong abdomen, she also wore dark sneakers and tight blue jeans that stretched across her rock hard ass. She downed her third bottle of water after she finished checking out the customer in her line.

“Here’s your change. Have a nice day.” She said. She then placed a hand on her belly as she felt a kick inside. Then another. A growing pressure which made her legs squeeze and and bite her lip. Her long string legs crossed with one of her feet tipped on the toes. Sarah had to pee. She turned off her light. Just as she was about to head to the restroom all the way in the back of the store, her supervisor Kira stopped her.

“Hey Sarah where you going? Your break isn’t for another ten minutes.”

Sarah frowned as her shyness kicked in. She wasn’t someone who like admitting her natural needs to others, and decided just to turn her light back on, in spite of the mass discomfort in her abdomen. It started to pulse like spikes stabbing.

“Sorry,” Sarah said. “My bad I um...ten minute right.” And show she went back to work, ringing customers out, having to lift heavy items to scan for elderly customers. All of which added pressure on her dire need. She was very uncomfortable by the time ten minutes were up, and Kira came to tell her to head on break. By then, as Sarah turned off her light and logged out of her register, her legs were tight together causing creases in the jeans, and they squirmed against each other.

She walked fast with her arms Tight against her sides and fists made headed for the bathroom.

“Oh, gotta go, gotta go, gotta go,” she whispered to herself, feeling the urge only worsen as she got closer to her destination for release. Just as she got around the corner, she froze at the sight of the closed for cleaning sign. Outside the women’s room was also Yalinda. A tan woman, in her forties but still had a very hot body. She was thinner but her uniform looks nice snd tight around her body, especially the ass. Instead of jeans though she wore tan light khakis and had her legs crossed as she bounced while leaning against the wall next to the women’s room.

Sarah’s knees turned inwards as she tended up. “Have...have you been waiting a while? Is she almost done in there!” Sweat started to form in her head.

“I just got here and he told me he just started cleaning a minute ago. I begged him to let me in, I’m dying too. But he’s behind schedule apparently.”

That’s when Sarah looked at the men’s room. No sign. She saw Yalinda wasn’t looking and decided to sneak in. As soon as she reached past the sinks, even with an open stall snd beautiful toilet in view, one of her coworkers, the short snd stubby Bobby was washing his face . He noticed Sarah (who he has always been attarscted to).

“Oh, Sarah,” he said stunned, but still growing between his legs. His boner popped out seeing her in those jeans in no time. Man, how he would love for her to climb all over him one day. To even keep her clothes on in that tight uniform and just rub against him until his dick blew off its lid and cummed in his underwear. So worth it. “Um...I think,”

Sarah, turning red as she hoped the bathroom would be empty, stood still with her legs open a bit. It took everything inside of her to hold on her bursting bladder as she didn’t even want Bobby to know she needed to go. He was a nice guy but still, embarrassing.

“Oh, um, I actually just needed....needed...to wash my hands!” Boy that was a mistake . Worst cover ever. As the water hit her hands she squealed snd Bobby noticed. One of her legs kicked back uncontrolled snd she forced it back down.

Bobby however knew what was finally going on. An evil smile stretched across his face that he quickly had to wipe off as she Sarah dried her hands and mumbled about her hands being dirty from scanning at the register . No way. This chick had to pee. Bobby was so rock hard knowing she was despite his heart raced as blood pumped into his stiff stone tall dick.

“Sorry for the bother,” Sarah said drying off. “I’m just gonna,”

But that’s when Bobby jumped in front of the door for her to exit, and blocked her, keeping her trapped in a room making her urgency ten fold worse, feeling like she would burst. Still she kept it together, feeling so much agony and pain inside .

“Oh hey glad I caught you actually,” Bobby said. They actually wanted to ask if you could maybe, I mean....like...if you had time,” he purposely stalled the poor girl who tended every muscle to hold it in and seem normal. Her hips started to wave though. “Help me pull out some milk onto the sales floor?”

Sarah was confused . She was simply a cashier. This wasn’t her job. “Umm...I mean, I don’t think I have time actually-“

With that, Bobby waved in front of the automatic sinks and set them off. Oh poor poor Sarah. Her eyes widened in terror and bones shook as she watched the sinks pour down the drain, making her think of the liquid inside her that was banging to get out. Her legs tightened together and Bobby could see the little squirms she was trying to avoid .

Yalinda who was outside the door still waiting for the women’s room heard the sinks as well, and given her slightly older bladder of the attractive woman, she placed hands deep in her pockets and and stood up straight gasping for relief.

Behind her, Shawna, one of the store managers was also waiting. Shawna was 29, older than Sarah by a little but younger than Yalinda. An average height tan woman with long black hair and a body that stood out well in her tight light blue sweater, brown pants, and black flats. Shawna had her arms crossed on her chest stretched over her boobs which hardened from the intensity of the situation. She bounced in place feeling embarrassed as some customers giggled watching her and Yalinda desperate .

“I’ll actually see if I can help you out let...let m-m-me just ask the supervisor up front.” Sarah lied, just to avoid more agony. But to her torture she saw that she was now at starring at the end of a small line to the women’s room. Luckily, there four toilets, so getting in should be no issue.

“Oh god oh god,” said Jordan, a girl around Sarah age with brown tied up hair and glasses. She was shorter and average height and body. Very thin, but she worked outside loading and got to west Jean shorts which showed off her shiny calf’s. She squirmed to the end of the line and Sarah bit her lip seeing she was now number four to get in.

That’s when Bart, the janitor came out of the bathroom. “Sorry ladies. I called the plumber. System back up in there so it a hazard.”

All four woman of retail jaws dropped in horror. Their legs twisted and feet slowly started to shift on the floor. Yalinda felt bloated as all hell like she was ready to explode. Shawna started to sweat and bite her lips feeling herself really wanting to leak, but with all her might she held it in! Jordan’s eyes were wide and pupils dilated, completely terrified and in pain.

She was in utter distress, almost as much as Sarah. Jordan worked outside and had gushed down a huge water bottle she brought to work. Along with watch the people in the garden area water plants it had made her feel huge spasms in her abdomen. Her hands were in her crotch deep as her legs squires, knees rolling over each other . Her anxiety was on the rise and she was breathing heavy, feeling a painful stab through her back and bladders front that almost made her faint. She tugged her neck up and down to shake it off.

“Um,” Sarah said, her legs wobbling together tight. “How....how much longer do you think that’ll be?”

“Not sure,” said Bart. “Hour at least. There is the handicap restroom down the hall though.”

Bobby however was already ten steps ahead of the attractive ladies . He got behind the corner while they were still starring in agony at the women’s room. As soon as he heard it was out of order, he knew he has to capitalize on their suffering. It was just sooooooooo hot!

As Bart went to start cleaning the men’s room after locking the women’s, Bobby went and pushed the lock on the inside of the one person handicap bathroom. He slammed the door shut and checked. Locked. Just then, a fifth associate, Tori, a short girl with dark hair in tight light khakis came around the corner speeding past the other four who then chased her to the handicap. Bobby wasn’t sure where to hide, so he went in the only other door...the mothers room, made for women to go breastfeed their kids. He went in and closed the door up to a crack. No one came in a store to breastfeed anyways.

Tori reached the door but wrestled with the locked handle. It just wouldn’t budge.

“No no no no no!” She shrieked as everyone else lined in back of her. All five ladies desperate to not have an accident and be humiliated at their jobs. “Please please, as you almost done?” But it was no use. Behind her was Shawna, then Yalinda, then Sarah, then Jordan, all squirming in agony.

Bobby watched, his dick so rock hard he couldn’t believe it. If he whacked it against the wall it probably leave a crack.

“Oh no,” Tori said bouncing and sweating. “No no NOOOOOOOO!” And abstain started to form in the back of her pants growing wider and wider, her khakis completely darkening and little leaks flowing out of the ends of her legs. Tori bent over to try and stem the flow but it was no use. “Oh my god!” She ran away in embarrassment, leaving a light pee trail that tortured the other women.

“Oh godddddd!” Jordan said in so much pain. Crying with her hands rubbing her pussy so hard she almost had an organs and released in her Jean shorts. Her legs kept crosssing over by the knees. As she squirmed back and forth her ass rubbed against Sarah’s. That really set off fireworks in Bobby’s pants, as he slowly and gently stroke his dick to avoid an early orgasm, seeing those two hotties desperate and rubbing their asses on each other made him go crazy.

Both girls faced in the opposite direction from each other, knees bent, Sarah with her hands on her legs sweating and bouncing, Jordan with her hands in her crotch and legs crossed, asses rubbing.

Shawna slowly knocked on the door as her strength was diminishing. Meanwhile, Yalinda was holding her legs together, thighs tight, and pushing on her crotch .

“Ex...excuse me,” the manager said. “Are you almost done? There’s kind of a line out here?”

“Will manager Shawna please report to the front desk for customer assistance?” The intercom said.

Shawnas eyes couldn’t blink as she couldn’t believe her luck. There was no way she was going to leave this line. She wouldn’t make it soon.

She bent over and was at a ninety degree angle as she bounced . Sweat burning her eyes. Each girl sweating as their bladders pulsed.

“Manager Shawna to the service desk!”

Shawna couldn’t take it . Her lips quivered as this became too much to bare. But she couldn’t move. Her bladder pulsed rapidly as she knew deep down she had to hurry to the front end for her jobs sake. It pulsed even faster and harder, each one feeling like a punch to the stomach she was in complete pain and wanted to scream, keeping her legs tight and shuffling, rubbing her abdomen as her clothes became drenched in sweat and made her nipples pierced out of her shirt as the wetness shrunk it, same with her pants showing off her pussy down the line. So much coffee this morning, so much coffee, and now as the announcement came again, she felt it.

“Oh...oh no.” She knocked on the door rapidly. “Hey please please please come on. We’re really gotta go, please!” She was dancing in agony and that’s when her poor bladder could not take anymore. Stretched way past it limits, “no no please!” Pee gushed from her pussy and made her brown pants even darker as it poured all over her feet. She ran from the door and across the hall still in sight of the other three desperate girls who were all sweating snd watching in agony, seeing one of their own have and accident only making their situation worse. “No no!” She screamed, customer watching snd of course laughing, especially perverative guys. Her dark skin became red with embarrassment as she barely held back what was left of the flood which ruined her clothes. A puddle on the floor. She didn’t know what to do and ran.

“Oh god!” Said Jordan bouncing uncontrollably. Her bladder was beginning to lose control as well. She whacked her buddy against the brick wall to snap her out of it. But her need only became worse. She rushed ahead of Yalinda and Sarah and wrestle with the door knob and knocked. “Please let me in! Please!!”

“Hey I’m next!” Said Yalinda pushing her.

“I’m not gonna make it!”

“You think I am?!” Yalinda said with her arms spread out, but legs crossed bouncing. Her arms then wrapped around herself and eyes closed fighting off a huge pulse . She shoved Jordan away from the door and knocked . “Come on!” She said in her sexy Spanish accent.

Jordan pushed back, and soon their hands were all over each other’s sweaty bodies.

Meanwhile Sarah stood behind wishing she had the strength to fight for the toilet too. But she was barely making it.

Jordan couldn’t take it anymore. Finally, while holding back her flood with all her might, Yalinda kicked Jordan away and she fell against the wall. Unable to contain the pressure anymore she yelled “fuck this!” And ran back down the hall. The repairmen were working on the bathroom, but Bart was done cleaning almost. She pushed his janitor cart aside and went in, ignoring his pleas, pulling her pants down at the urinal and aiming her ass over it as she released a large stream. A bit embarrassed, but Jordan was just happy she’d be going home with dry pants.

Meanwhile, Yalinda and Sarah couldn’t take much more.

Bobby on the other hand saw she was so desperate they could try something.

He reached out of the door and pulled Yalinda in. He always did want to try this with an older woman. He shut the door.

“What are you doing?! She said dancing around.

“Giving you a chance to avoid embarrassment.” Bobby said. “You can go the bathroom here.”

Yalinda looked around breathing heavy. “Where? This is a mother’s room!”

That’s when Bobby pulled himself up against her close, feeling her rock hard full bladder push against his dick.

“You go on me. Pee on me.”

Yalinda was freaked out. Who was this guy? Where was the Bobby she knew?

“Let go!” She tried squirming away.

But he held tight. “I already smell like a pig. Pee all over me, and your pants are fine so is your rep. You’ve been working here 20 years. Really want to get so humiliated you can’t come back?”

Yalinda didn’t know what to do. She was freaking out. But she had no choice. She puked down her pants and panties and kicked them to the side. Bobby got down on his knees as she lifted her legs exposing herself to him. And within a second she was raining all over him. Pee soaked Bobby from head to toe, completely drenching him.

Outside the door Sarah still remained in agony. What was going on? Then another woman rushed down the hall holding her chest. She was around Sarah’s age but shorter, red hair, a little on the heavy side but nice shape. Her breast huge as watermelons though, nipples piercing her black tight shirt.

“Please let me in!” She yelled. She had a huge bottle with her. Sarah could see this was a mother, a young mother, just trying to drain the milk from her breasts. There were very tiny white leak lines around her huge nipples. This girl was getting ready to burst!

Inside though Yalinda smiled as pee continued to flow out of her and not in her pants. Bobby was in Heaven.

Outside Sarah danced around in agony, her legs crossing and uncrossing. The poor woman at the mothers room banged on the door but it was no use. She yelled as her nipples exploded and milk shot right threw her shirt and on the walls. She yelled as milk got everywhere, coming out of her chest and the stream dying down.

Sarah meanwhile couldn’t take it anymore, that’s when Bobby got out of the mothers room just in time to see where the noise was from, still hard from seeing Sarah.

“Let it go baby,” he whispered warmly to himself. “Let it flow.”

Sarah bit her lip, held on with all her might but as pressure pushed onto her abdomen feeling like a rock pushed in, her bladder exploded and peed all over herself. Her pants became drenched and dark and as people starred she wept crying and shaking as a puddle formed around her and the perv feet covered in pee. Poor poor Sarah. She never had a chance . People laughed and pointed and she apologized, feeling embarrassed, eventually running out of the store.

When she got home, her boyfriend was disappointed in her wetting, and made her wear....the diaper. Sarah was never able to find another job. The store was her only shot. However, due to the amount of time it took to clean her pee, she was forced to wear the diaper at work too. There she stood everyday, red and humiliated with a big diaper around her tight jeans, tears gently falling from her eyes in defeat. Knowing this was her life. Forever.

Her eyes watered. “I....I can’t believe....believe this. Why. Why me?!” Sulking in her misery

The end

