An unforgettable bus ride

Author: Meridas

*000*2020-12-22 05:09

This is a story from my Freshman year of college, one that still haunts me to this day. I went to a religious all-girls school about 4 hours from my hometown. It was our Fall Break (a long weekend in October), and I was taking the bus back home to visit my parents. Now, usually I make sure to go to the bathroom before any drive that’s more than an hour or so. But it was one of those big charter buses, and they always have bathrooms, so I wasn't really thinking about it. I had a big glass of water with breakfast that morning, and I brought my water bottle with me on the bus (I’m really big water drinker lol). So by the time we got on the bus, I was already starting to feel it a little, but I wasn’t uncomfortable.

The drive began, and all was well for the first half hour or so. Knowing there was as bathroom, I was drinking from my water bottle with no worries. I actually tend to drink more when I’m bored, and I’d forgotten to charge my phone before the ride, so before I knew it I’d drank the whole thing. And this was one of those big 28-oz bottles, not a little plastic Poland Spring. By now I definitely had to go, so I got up and shuffled by my seat-neighbor into the isle. As I was making my way down, I saw the sign on the door of the bathroom, and my heart sank: Out of Order. Oh no. I already had to go pretty bad at this point. And I knew that all the water I’d drank hadn’t caught up to me yet. And I still had three and a half hours of this drive left. I sat back in my seat, and squeezed my legs together, and tried not to think about it.

Things only got worse in the next hour. When the pressure got too intense, I would squirm a bit in my seat, and I think the girl sitting next to me had started to notice. By this point, I was getting seriously worried about being able to hold it. I was wearing light gray sweatpants, so there wouldn’t be any hiding it if I ended up peeing myself. About an hour and a half into the drive, the bus hit a bump in the road. For just a second, I lost control. I felt myself leak a little into my panties, but it wasn’t enough to show through my sweats. I pressed my hand between my legs to stop myself from leaking any more as the bus hit a few more bumps. The girl next to me glanced over, but by this point I was just focused on not wetting myself, and I couldn’t worry about what she was thinking. I kept my hand between my legs as the drive continued.

By the ride’s halfway point, I was really desperate. I was taking deep breaths, trying not to focus on the pressure. We were stopped at a light, and suddenly there was a really loud honk from just outside. I got startled, and lost control again. It was worse this time. There was so much pressure, and it just felt so good to let loose. I let myself go for a good couple of seconds before cutting it off. I looked down and saw that there was a dark patch clearly visible between my legs. I could feel that my pants were wet where I was sitting on them, too. I thought going a little might relieve the pressure, but if anything, I wanted to go even more now.

I continued like that, squirming in my seat and pressing between my legs, as the desperation got worse and worse. There was still about an hour left in the drive, and the pressure was becoming unbearable. I would leak a little bit every time the bus went over a bump, or every time I shifted in my seat. Each time it happened, it got harder and harder to stop myself from just letting go. A little voice in my head was telling me, think how good it would feel to just let loose. You’ll never hold it for an entire hour. I squeezed my eyes shut. Eventually the bus hit another bump. This time I couldn’t take it any more. I let go, and just started peeing. Part of me wanted to stop, but it just felt so amazing. I forgot all about the bus, and other people – I was in my own little world. I let out sigh of pleasure as I felt the warmth spread over my legs.

I’ve always thought that a good pee feels almost as good as an orgasm. The pee quickly started to trickle down my calf and into my shoe, but I didn’t care. My shoes both got soaked, and then the pee started overflowing onto the floor of the bus. I could hear a trickle as it ran over the floor towards the seats behind me. I just kept going until I was empty. I sighed in relief as the last few squirts came out. When I finally opened my eyes, the girl next to me was staring at me with wide eyes. I still had my hand between my legs, and now my sweats and my seat were clearly soaked through. As I came out of my little trance, it started to hit me what I’d just done. I felt my my face get super red, and I turned to face out the window. I tried to ignore the muttering from the seats behind me, as people noticed the liquid flowing towards the back of the bus. I hoped they wouldn’t realize what it was.

I sat there in shame for the rest of the ride. My pants got cold and clammy, and the seat would squish every time I moved around. My shoes and socks were still soaked through. I’d drank a lot of water that day, so luckily there wasn’t too much of a smell. The worst part of the day was when we had to get off the bus. I stood, and my sweats were clearly soaked through on the front and back. I heard plenty of giggling as I made my way down the isle and off the bus, and I heard someone whisper “did she wet herself?”

I don’t remember much else from that day. I think I walked home, since I didn’t want to deal with the humiliation of calling an uber and soaking yet another seat. And I think I managed to sneak into my room and change without my parents noticing. But I’ll always remember that as the longest bus ride of my life.

