
The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 19

Author: Mbgpeelover

*450*2024-05-12 00:26

Arriving in a Dundee to chaos

Talking to little Bakai sitting beside her Ellen pointed out anything she could see on the journey to keep him occupied. At not quite 3 yet he was one of the youngest children but to Ellen’s delight he sat well for almost the entire journey. Wondering how much he really understood Ellen comforted herself knowing that he’d likely never remember the war back in Ukraine or his year on the cruise ship. Although the roads were busy the traffic was moving freely and before long they were passing Stirling and well on their way north.

Letting the young boy rest his head quietly on the window Ellen turned around to check that all was well on the coach. Most people were happy to sit quietly, no doubt wondering what they might face on their arrival in a strange new city. Aware that she was very likely the only one on board who had ever been to Dundee or even knew where it was she she took a moment as they waited in a queue of traffic on the approach to Broxden roundabout to stand up and call down the coach to let everyone know that they should be arriving in Dundee in around half an hours time. That created a bit of a buzz as Ellen sat back down thinking back to her fond memories of the service area they were about to pass.

The M90 moved steadily but once on the A90 the coach seemed to struggle slightly going up hill, especially overtaking. Appreciating that this was much more to do with the calibre of the road and the fact it was now duel carriageway rather than motorway Ellen looked out of the window on the opposite side smiling to herself as she caught a glimpse of the petrol station on the opposite side. As Bakai began to become bored and restless Ellen was glad to see signs for Dundee as they passed field after field without any sign of houses at all.

Finally seeing the roundabout where Daniel had always turned off in previous visits to drive along Perth Road towards the city centre Ellen was surprised to see the coach carry on through and continuing on the kingsway heading past Premier Inn, a huge supermarket and a large industrial park. Concerned the driver might not know where he was going Ellen looked anxiously out the front windscreen as she struggled to keep Bakai sitting in his seat. Turning right off the kingway at Strathmartine roundabout Ellen was so relieved to see a small sign to Hilltown, the area of Dundee where she knew Tulloch Court was.

Pulling into the car park to a huge cheer from crowds of onlookers and cameras flashing and filming yet again Ellen was struck by how fascinated Bakai was especially on seeing the size of the tower.

“Big boat!”

Ellen corrected the young boy as he knelt at the window gazing up at Tulloch Court.

“It’s not a boat Bakai. It’s a block of houses, a tower block. It’s where you are going to live now with your mum and dad.”

“Bakai live boat.”

Looking over to his parents Ellen smiled. It would take time for them all to process the huge change but she was confident they’d all understand and settle soon.

As the engine stopped and the doors opened the noise outside was deafening as TV cameras honed into faces at the coach window trying to catch first reactions on the faces of the refugees. It all felt so imposing and overwhelming for Ellen, let alone the refugees who had no choice in what was happening all around them. Standing up at the front to take control Ellen pulled the list out of her pocket that shed worked on with Daniel for months. Everyone had already been told their flat number but Ellen felt it only right to read each name and flat number off again as she assumed that all the flats would be unlocked ready. Leading the way off the coach and through the crowd, supporting Varya on her crutches, Ellen pushed the heavy front doors of Tulloch Court open as reporters shouted questions out over the top of each other desperately hoping for the attention of any of the refugees.

Gathering as a many people as she could into the main corridor and entrance area inside with their belongings Ellen looked all around for any signs that someone might have the keys to the flats, but seeing no-one she made the assumption yet again that the flats were unlocked and ready for their new occupants. Pointing out the lifts she held onto Varya closely telling Oleksandr that it might be safer if they waited for the others to go first. Moving the young family to one side Ellen explained as clearly as she could, pointing to signs to help her, how one lift was for even floors and the other the odd ones. 

Pressing to call both lifts she made sure the occupants were in the right lift before waving them off and waiting with the others. Turning to see Varya looking very unsteady Ellen pushed open the door to the caretakers flat thinking she could wait there with her husband and young child until the area was clearer. Immediately hearing Keith’s loud voice she looked down towards the living room to see huge cameras filming. Closing the door again she tried one of the community flats instead but to her dismay both were locked.

There was a real restlessness from those now waiting for the lifts to return as one lady, a woman in her early twenties named Ohla, approached Ellen and pulled her to the side. In clear but quiet English the woman asked politely if the lifts would be much longer and if so was there a bathroom she could possibly use. Frustrated and angry that the community flats were locked given that Dundee city council were apparently fully prepared for todays arrivals Ellen promised Ohla that she’d find her one as soon as possible when she was almost knocked over by little Ihor running around excitedly. As if that wasn’t enough from the open front door Ellen could clearly see Jessica leading the way towards the tower block with the second coach full of passengers!

Now with the communal areas absolutely packed out Ellen was glad to see the lifts both returning but shocked to see both of them still had a few people inside! Trying to make way for them to come out she could hear them speaking in a mix of English and Romanian that their flats were apparently locked! Hoping she wasn’t about the have everyone return back down she let some more people head in in the hope that their flats might be accessible. It barely seemed to make a dent in the crowd though as more people crammed in all eager to reach their new residences. Getting increasingly angry at the lack of organisation from Dundee Ellen felt she had no choice but to interrupt the only Dundee council employee she was aware of who was busy filming in the caretakers flat leaving her to deal with over 100 people all on her own!

Storming into the caretaker’s flat she flew right into the lounge of the flat shouting and demanding the keys while Keith looked up smug from a couch ignoring her and talking to a reporter like she wasn’t even there.

“What did I tell you about the staff in Glasgow! Rude isn’t even the word! Here we are doing everything we can in Dundee when all we get is abuse and disturbances from abrupt inconsiderate people like this!”

“Sorry to interrupt you Mr. Bryan, but may I ask why it appears a number of the flats here are still locked preventing our new guests from entering their residences? I was expecting better of Dundee it has to be said.”

Obviously having riled Keith Ellen couldn’t believe what was happening as he stood up and marched her out of the flat and back into the loud chaotic communal area locking the door behind him and shouting to her through the letterbox.

“I’ll unlock the rest of the flats when I’m finished filming. Until then you can just wait patiently!”

Feeling very overwhelmed Ellen was glad to see Yeva and Jessica both join her as she updated them quickly on the situation, struggling to be heard over the noise. Jessica, who was calmer, suggested allowing as many refugees to find their flats as possible telling them to return back down only if their flats were still locked.

“That way we can see what we are dealing with. He surely hasn’t locked them all?”

Nodding her agreement Ellen watched the lifts slowly return as she took Varya and Oleksandr and Bakai in the odd lift with her to the first floor. Thrilled to find their flat unlocked Ellen left them to explore their new accommodation while she headed back down the stairs to Jessica and Yeva.

“I think floor 1 is fine.”

“It might just be the higher floors then. Let’s wait and see. By the way has Olha spoken to you? She asked me on the way here if we could stop for a bathroom break but I said we would be here soon. As we were getting off the coach she asked me again but I said she would be in her flat very shortly but she could ask you if she found you.”

“She spoke to me. I had hoped she could go in one of the community flats but they are both locked and now the caretakers one is too. Let’s hope her flat is open for her.”

“Seriously? What a nightmare. I actually need the loo myself too but I can wait for a bit.”

“Me too! I hadn’t realised how long the journey was.”

Ellen looked at her two colleagues sympathetically. If they could get everyone into their apartments then maybe one of the residents might let them use their bathroom. Failing that surely Keith would be out soon with the rest of the keys?

It took another three times in the lifts to get everyone in as Ellen waited with her colleagues as more and more refugees returned frustrated and fed up at not gaining entry to their new homes. Going by the numbers on her spreadsheet it did indeed seem like Jessica’s initial thoughts had been correct and that it was the three most upper floors that were all still locked. Unfortunately for Olha one of those was hers and Ellen felt so sorry for the quiet woman as she tapped her leg anxiously on the ground floor near the lift clearing needing the toilet pretty badly.

Ten long minutes passed before Keith finally emerged from the caretakers flat with the film crew right behind him. Apologising to the refugees, but totally blanking Ellen, he spoke to them all about how wonderful it was for them to be in Dundee at last and how many of the press outside would love to hear from them if they had time after seeing their wonderful new homes. Watching Ohla getting more flustered Ellen was glad to see Keith finally ask the refugees their flat numbers as he pulled out a pile of keys from his pocket snd searched for each one slowly. Hoping poor Ohla’s would be one of the first Ellen looked on dismayed as Keith prolonged the keys as long as possible as he spoke to each person about how great Dundee was. Knowing how polite Ohla was from her own dealings with her Ellen looked on amazed as the woman snatched her keys from Keith when it was her turn just saying a quick ‘thank you’ before turning to head to the lift.

Joining her in the lift as she wanted to check everyone was now in their apartments Ellen tried not to stare at the pretty woman as she put her bags down and fidgeted around.

“Sorry Ellen. I need toilet so bad.”

“It’s fine. I’m so sorry you’ve had to wait so long.”

Getting out on the top floor with her Ellen grabbed her belongings for her as the woman hobbled towards her new home. Taking the key from her to open the flat she heard the young woman gasp as the door finally opened

“It’s the second door on your left.”

Leaving her bin bag of belongings in her hallway Ellen made her way back down in the lift delighted at last to see Keith had gone and the area clear of people other than her two colleagues from Glasgow.

“Did she get in ok?”

“Yip. Poor woman was bursting for the loo too.”

“I know how she feels Ellen! Yeva and I were just talking there. I looked it up on my phone and there’s a train leaves Dundee for Glasgow in about half an hour. We’re going to phone a taxi to the station and head back if that’s ok? It doesn’t feel right asking any of the refugees to use their loo when they’ve just got here. Hopefully they’ll be toilets at the station we can use. Are you staying or do you want to come with us?”

“I’d rather stay a bit longer. There’s a number of people I’m keen to check up on like Stepan, the Mishura’s, and Ruslana and Nadia to name a few. I’ll catch a later train. Text me and let me know you’re both on the train please. Thanks for coming. I really appreciate it.”

Waiting with her colleagues until their taxi came Ellen could tell they were both very eager to find a ladies at the station as she waved them off then looked at her list of refugees she needed to check in on before she could return to Glasgow. Starting with the Mishura’s and their newborn daughter she took the stairs to the first floor and knocked on their door.

&&

*454*2024-05-14 00:46

Daniel visits his mum

Parking outside his mother’s house Daniel felt anxious and frustrated. Lost without the routine of the ship and the comfort of working daily with Ellen time seemed to be dragging by and his purpose slipping through his fingers. While his mum hadn’t worked for some years, especially since her husband had died, he had extensive memories of her working growing up. Maybe she could advise him? He wouldn’t know unless he actually spoke to her.

Ringing her door bell he stepped back on the front steps waiting for her to answer. Trying to think if she had any of her usual groups on a Wednesday afternoon he was mentally going through the places he knew she went to regularly when he was interrupted by the front door opening.

“Daniel? Daniel? Is everything alright? You haven’t been drinking again have you?”

“No mum. I don’t do that anymore. I promised you didn’t I? Can I come in? There’s something I really want to talk to you about.”

Stepping in as she opened the door wide Daniel felt safe and secure as the door closed behind him. There was something so comforting and familiar about the house he’d grown up in with its predictable furniture and familiar carpets. Even the smell made him feel like he was at home even though he was mindful of how hard life had been there and how desperately he’d needed to leave as a teenager. Walking into the kitchen it felt so strange to not see his mum cooking like she did every single Saturday when he was over. There was no pile of dishes waiting for him or meal containers needed sealed. Instead the small kitchen table was bare other than a small plant and the sink perfectly clean. Pulling a seat out at the table he sat down expectantly hoping his mum would follow suit.

Instead she remained standing as she looked at him puzzled.

“You’re not in trouble are you? You haven’t done anything stupid with your dad’s properties?”

“No mum. I’m not in any trouble nor have I done anything financially risky. It’s about my job.”

“They’re not sacking you are they? Is this about your colour?”

“No mum it’s nothing to do with my skin colour. Would you just listen for a minute please? You remember I told you I was working on that cruise ship at Breahead? I told you that I was in Dundee some days too? For the last year a major part of my job as house officer for Glasgow City council has been helping to find accommodation for the Ukrainian refugees the Scottish government housed on that cruise ship. For most of that time I’ve done that sort of part time. I was in my usual office and doing my usual job at the same time. Then about four months ago my boss told me things were changing. The contract for the ship was only 12 months but it was obvious we were never going to be able to house everyone before then. There’s a massive housing crisis here, which I’m sure you’ll have heard about.

So my boss started looking further afield. He did a deal with another council who had some empty tower blocks. They refurbished one and it was agreed the remaining people on the cruise ship would all be moved there to live. That’s why I was in Dundee the last few weeks. Anyway today was the day of the big move and this morning I watched three coach loads of people leave Glasgow for good. I assumed now the project was over that I’d simply return to my previous position in the office but this afternoon my boss called me into a meeting. Mum, they’re relocating me. It’s awful. I don’t know what to do. I’m being sent to Possilpark! Do you know where that is? It’s the roughest most deprived area of the city mum. I can’t work there! I can’t!”

“I’ll make you a cuppa.”

Mulling over his own thoughts as his mum boiled the kettle and made them both a cuppa Daniel wondered how to tell Ellen his news when she finally got home. Taking the mug from his mum he took a sip and looked over at the warm face of his mum dressed in her usual long dress and hijab even though she was in her own home.

“So are they allowed to move you like this? Is it legal?”

“Unfortunately they are. You know how long I’ve worked there but mum. It’s all I’ve ever done since leaving university. I’m good at my job. I know I am. But Possil? I couldn’t even park my car there. It’s not safe. You know how I feel about drug addicts and kids who just get pregnant to get a council house. I’ve seen far too much of that in my life now. Entitled benefit scrounges and the like. People need to help themselves mum. Like you and dad did. Work. Save. Take a pride in themselves. The way I was brought up. I can’t fight for those people. I can’t find properties for them only for them to trash the place or not pay the rent or use it as a drugs den. There’s genuine families, working couples, ex servicemen even, all needing housed. Surely they should be the ones we help and not the likes of scum from Possilpark?”

“Is there another job you could get instead? Couldn’t they transfer you somewhere else? Somewhere with maybe more Muslims?”

“You mean like here in Pollokshields? That would be great but there’s so little council stock here now mum. It’s all housing associations or bought properties like yours. Look at that new estate of flats they finished just last year. So much for the promise of social housing eh! It was all part ownership or privately sold despite all the promises. I think I’m getting weary of it all now mum. I used to get such a satisfaction from helping people. I loved Project New Adventure. I’ve loved working with so many inspirational and creative people on the ship. Did I ever tell you that one of my colleagues ended up securing over twenty thousand pounds worth of donations of brand new furniture from big names like Ikea and Forest Furnishings? A team of us drove to Dundee and build flat pack beds and couches ready for the refugees moving in.”

“You built beds?”

“I did mum. And I enjoyed it too. Maybe it’s time I moved on. Even Ellen has a new job. She’s only gone and got herself the caretakers job working and living in the tower block the refugees have just moved to in Dundee. She’s not got a start date but we’re going through to Dundee again for a few days next week for her to do some training.”

“Ellen?”

“My girlfriend mum. Didn’t I tell you about her at the weekend? I’ve been working with her for a year now. She works for Shelter. Or did work for Shelter I should say. She’s finishes up with them today. They only contracted her for the duration of the cruise ship contract. She’s dedicated her whole life to that ship too. She knows every single refugee by name mum! Can you believe that! She’s so amazing! Even when her flat went on fire and she had nowhere else to live she hasn’t gone all self pitying like some people. She carried on at work as if nothing had changed and fought for those refugees like they were her family. She’s been my hero in all this. She really has.”

“You’re dating a woman who is homeless?”

“Technically yes and technically no. She moved in with me so she’s not really homeless I guess. She’ll be moving out soon thought because her new job comes with her own flat so she’s turned that around in record time. That’s just how Ellen is though mum. I really don’t want her to go thought.”

“Is she a Muslim?”

“I told you on Saturday mum that she isn’t, no. Not that that even matters.”

“It matters a lot Daniel. If you’d go back to Mosque you’d know that. If you’d been praying and keeping the faith your life wouldn’t be in this tangled mess would it? Allah will guide you son. Allah will bring relief. He always does. But you need to trust him. You need to believe in him more. Is there not any work with Ishaaq? He always said he would let you work in his warehouse. You remember him from mosque don’t you?”

“I don’t want to work in a warehouse mum. I like what I do, I just don’t want to do it in Possilpark that’s all.”

“But you’ll think about it? And you’ll let this Ellen woman move to Aberdeen?”

“Dundee mum. Dundee.”

“Whatever. You’ll have her move out and then you’ll get back to praying and fasting and returning to mosque. Did I tell you this years Hajj are leaving in just 24 days? You still haven’t done yours Daniel. You should do it while you still have time.”

“I’m not going on a pilgrimage mum. And I’m not breaking up with Ellen either. She’s the best thing to ever happen to me! You know what mum, when I’m in Dundee next week I might even look for work up there so I can be closer to her. I’ll still visit you every Saturday. Actually Dundee isn’t as far away as you think. It’s only an hour and a half away by car.”

“Oh son. May Allah help you see your wicked ways. Will you be here on Saturday? You know I need you here.”

“Yes mum I’ll be here on Saturday as I always am. Did your shopping come ok this week?”

“Yes it came this morning at the usual time. I have no idea what went wrong last week.”

“That’s good. Thank you for the tea too mum. It’s been good seeing you again. I should be going now though. Ellen went on the coaches to Dundee this morning but she’s due back soon and I promised I’d pick her up from the station.”

“Do you have enough dinners? I can spare you a few more if you’d like?”

“No mum. That’s ok. I have plenty of dinners, thank you. Look after yourself won’t you mum? I love you.”

Kissing his mum on the cheek Daniel took the empty mugs over to the sink then rinsed them under the running tap. Suddenly feeling a very urgent need to pee he turned to his mum and smiled.

“See you Saturday mum. Remember I’m off to Dundee for a few days so I won’t need so many dinners this week. I’d better be off now. Thanks for the tea.”

Hugging his mum awkwardly at the front door Daniel walked briskly to his car and immediately clasped at his crotch as he sat down. He hadn’t thought to go to the bathroom before coming to see his mum and as he started the engine he realised he hadn’t actually been once since he’d left for work with Ellen that morning! No wonder the urge was so strong! In fact it was so unbearably strong he wasn’t even sure he’d make it back to his house dry! Deciding then and there to pull into the nearest supermarket he was just about to pull off when his mobile rang. Seeing the name on the screen he pinched his penis, tightened his muscles and answered it.

“Hi Ellen. Is everything ok?”

*455*2024-05-16 00:22

Ellen checks in with Dmitro and Tetyana

It was Dmitro who answered and let her in as Ellen walked down the hallway hearing female voices talking in the lounge. Allowing Dmitro to introduce her to the older lady in navy uniform standing up with baby Marichka in her arms Ellen nodded and explained who she was. Within minutes it was clear that while the midwife was satisfied with the care the baby was receiving and the health of both mother and baby she was far from impressed by the conditions the young family were living in.

“I am well aware this may be nothing to do with you Ms Hemmingdale but rest assured I have already contacted the council about this matter. I am not only concerned at the lack of furnishings in the flat but I am extremely concerned at the fact a tower block of this size has not one single person here as caretaker or even security. Mr Mishura here has actually been coming right down to the front door to let me in for the last three days because no-one even explained to him that he could use the intercom. Seriously! I have been hearing from Mrs Mishura here how they lived on a cruise ship for the past year where they didn’t even have access to their own cooking facilities. 

And this despite how important it is for pregnant mothers to have unlimited access to healthy foods such as fruit and vegetables! I was checking that this family had been receiving the best start vouchers but they hadn’t even heard of them. I have also had to help them apply today for their pregnancy and baby payment. I spoke to Mrs Mishura yesterday about speaking to their GP about a referral to the food bank but according to Mr Mishura this afternoon they still haven’t even got a GP yet. I’m sure you appreciate why I am so concerned Ms Hemmingdale don’t you?”

Nodding to the midwife and feeling very guilty for having not thought about the extra benefits the family might be entitled to nor how much assistance they might need in order to enrol at a GP surgery, Ellen knew something urgently needed to change. The midwife was right in that none of the refugees should have been moved without first having the safety of at least a full time live in caretaker and ideally translators and community workers around too. While Ellen knew all the refugees and had worked with them for a full 12 months she’d done so as part of an extended team and was no expert in benefits or health and neither was she a trained translator or even a social worker. Apologising to the midwife despite none of it being her fault Ellen assured her of her full agreement as the older lady handed the baby back to her mother.

“Dmitro and Tetyana here are doing an excellent job. Baby is feeding well from what I can see and although still losing weight, as expected, she is alert and her bladder and bowels are working exactly as they should. I had hoped to help them bath her today but unfortunately it seems they don’t have any baby bath at present which is proving to be a problem. I’m not sure whether they might be able to source one fee perhaps from local free sites but without transport that could be hard too. Other than the sling that came with the government baby box Tatyana has said they don’t yet have a pram and the car seat they do have was only on loan from the hospital. I really should be taking that back unfortunately as it’s only meant to be used in emergencies to get a new baby home. I can see you are tired Tetyana. Please rest as much as you can. I’ll pop back again tomorrow and check on you both again. If you hear anything from the council please do let me know.”

Staying in the room while Dmitro led the midwife out Ellen sat down beside Tetyana and put her arm around the tearful mother. Looking around the room she could understand what the midwife was getting at but it was so much for the new family to cope with. With all their energy and attention focussed on their baby, and with very limited finances in a new strange town, how could they possibly transform a two bedroom unfurnished flat into a family home in less than a week? Of course ideally they would have arrived to much more than a double bed, a few bags of food, one two seater sofa and a single chest of drawers but with so many flats to furnish her and her colleagues had did the best they could even though strictly speaking it was the responsibility of Dundee council and not Glasgow.

With Dmitro now back Ellen did her best to calm the couple before checking they had sufficient food in to make their next meal. Finding so little she wanted to cry Ellen was contemplating finding a shop and buying things herself when the door of the flat was knocked again. Fearing it was the midwife coming back Ellen offered to answer it this time as she opened the main door slowly fearing who was there. Vaguely recognising the man from the cruise ship he put out his hand to shake Ellen’s.

“Hi Ellen. It’s good to see you here. We met back in the Adventurer II and again on the minibus over here last week. I’m the reporter for channel 4, Craig McGregor. I just popped by to bring this to Dmitro and Tetyana as a thank you from the crew for helping us so much with our filming. Is it ok for me to pop in a moment?”

Letting Craig in Ellen walked behind him and stood in the living room doorway as the young well dressed man handed over £200 of supermarket vouchers to the couple before hugging them and then leaving. Tearful, but thinking practically, Ellen recalled seeing an Iceland store in the nearby indoor shopping centre the day her and Daniel had first come to see the tower block. Telling Dmitro where it was he nodded as if he already knew as Ellen offered to come with him. Leaving Tetyana and the new baby Ellen walked Dmitro to the nearby Wellgate shopping centre and helped him choose a wide range of fresh and frozen foods and other household supplies. Helping him carry the bags back he left the family to it as she checked her list for Ruslana and Nadia’s flat number.

Walking up the stairs to flat 3C Ellen was thrilled to see the two ladies again as they hugged freely. Hearing that Nadia has already started her new high school just three days ago Ellen was so pleased to hear how she had made friends already. While Ruslana was still not leaving the flat much she had been befriended by one of the ladies working with Jack and Ellen felt emotional once again hearing how the church lady was calling into see Ruslana several times a week and that they were planning on going out for a coffee one day very soon. Asking if they had any questions before she left she showed them both how to open and close the windows, told them where the communal washing machines were on the ground floor and checked that they knew where the shops were and if they’d joined a doctors surgery yet. Hearing that the latter still wasn’t done Ellen vowed to find out where everyone could register as soon as possible.

Knocking on some other doors as time allowed Ellen accepted a coffee in Taras and Vladislav’s flat and hug from Teona and Marselina before realising the time and making her excuses to leave. Promising to be back soon she resisted telling anyone about potentially moving in as caretaker until she knew for definite when it would happen. Checking the train times again she realised she had just 25 minutes until her train left. Googling the route to the station and seeing it was a 20 minute walk she set off right away using her phone to guide her.

Walking down the side of the indoor shopping centre and past the art gallery she cut through the busy city centre heading in the direction of the river anxious to not be late for her train knowing there was a long wait first the next one. Walking along Dock Street seeing the station ahead she really hoped she’d have time after buying a ticked to find a ladies. Having not been once since she left Glasgow she desperately needed to use one, even if it had to be on the train.

Using a machine to buy a ticket for speed Ellen checked the destination board quickly to see her train was boarding and ran to get in it just as the doors were closing. Walking through the train looking for the toilet Ellen looked at the cubicle door in disbelief and distress. Seeing the taped on ‘out of order’ sign she pulled her phone out of her pocket to call Daniel to let him know she was safely on the train as she walked on further down the train hoping desperately that there was another working toilet on board. The journey was over an hour and a half to Glasgow and she knew there was absolutely no way she could ever wait that long!

*456*2024-05-18 23:15

Daniel hears from Ellen on the train

“Hi Daniel. I’m on the 16:16 Dundee to Glasgow due to arrive in Queen Street at 17:58.”

“Great. I’ll pick you up then. Did everything go ok?”

“Mostly. Oh you’re joking! Sorry Daniel I’ve got a bit of a problem here.”

Gripping his crotch tightly and wriggling in the driver’s seat Daniel clenched his muscles and leaned forward trying to keep his bladder at bay just a minute or two longer.

“What’s up Ellen?”

Hearing Ellen talk quieter Daniel struggled to hear her as clearly though he could just about work out what she was saying.

“I had to run to catch this train so I didn’t have time to find a toilet. I really need to go but both the toilets are locked with signs on saying out of order. There’s no way I can hold on until I get to Glasgow.”

“There might be a ticket examiner on the train? Maybe you could ask them?”

“I’ve walked through most of the train already and not seen anyone but I’ll try again. I’d better go. See you soon!”

Sliding the phone into his jacket pocket Daniel could feel his pulse racing and his heart thumping. Despite being bursting himself the thought of Ellen desperate on a train with no access to a toilet was so erotic he could feel his penis hardening even as he still gripped it and pinched it. With the edge ever so slightly now taken off his urge Daniel changed his mind about the supermarket fearing someone might see his erection and decided instead to head home. Thinking non stop about Ellen and imagining her curvy fuller body fidgeting with need he felt his dick getting thicker and longer and incredibly hard as he navigated through the late afternoon traffic towards Hillington and his home. Touching himself now and again at red lights or busy junctions he pulled up to the side of his house feeling so horny he could burst.

It had been nearly fifteen minutes since he’d had the call from Ellen and gagging to know how she was doing he risked the thought of annoying her in favour of checking she was ok. Turning the car engine off but remaining in the driver’s seat hidden from any neighbours by his house on one side and a large hedge on the othe, Daniel pulled his phone out of his pocket and brought up Ellen’s number. Texting with sweaty fingers he rubbed himself over his trousers as he pressed the digits.

“Have you managed to find someone?”

“No. There doesn’t seem to be anyone on the train. I’ve found a seat away from anyone else and I’m just trying my best to hold.”

“Do you think you’ll manage?”

“I very much doubt it. I haven’t been all day!”

Full of sympathy for Ellen, but equally enormously turned on by the thought of her bursting in the train, Daniel struggled to text back not really knowing what to type. The caring side of him desperately wanted to reassure Ellen that she’d be ok but the horny side of him secretly longed for her to get very very desperate and perhaps even leak or wet herself. With the conflicting thoughts swirling in his head and raging hormones thundering through his body he felt he needed to be honest with the woman he loved and lusted after so badly.

“That’s a very sexy thought! Do you think you’ll need to get off the train to go at a station and have to wait for the next one? They’re not that frequent though are they?”

“Already stopped once. Next one is Perth. If I get off I’d have at least 30 mins to wait until the next one.”

“Do you want to do that?”

“No. I just want home. I’ll have to wait. Sitting cross legged though!”

Wondering if sharing his own situation might help Ellen to know she wasn’t alone Daniel struggled to find the letters on the tiny keyboard as his fingers slid everywhere with sweat.

“If it helps I need to go bad too!”

“Aren’t you home?”

“Sort of. Been to see my mum. Had too many coffees!”

“Me too. Coffees not seen my mum…obv x”

“Just going in. Hang on honey. Text me if you need a distraction xx”

Getting out the car, a little anxious that someone passing might look down the driveway and see his hard on, Daniel placed a hand in front of his crotch as he closed his car and hobbled to the back door. Digging for the key he let himself in and turned on the kitchen light. Closing the door he habitually went to fill the kettle before berating himself.

“That’s the last thing you need right now Daniel!”

Still chuckling at his own stupidity he took off his suit jacket and hung it over a dining chair, all the time rubbing himself and thinking of Ellen. Glancing up at the clock he saw it was only 5:40 meaning he still had over an hour before he needed to leave for Ellen and she still had well over an hour to hold onto her bladder on the train. Moving into the lounge he sat on the sofa with his phone beside him longing to hear back from Ellen again. Unclipping his suit trousers and undoing the fly he caressed his hand on through his open trousers and boxers stroking himself slowly and teasingly. Keeping his thoughts highly focussed on the imagine in his head of Ellen sitting alone in a busy train carriage tightly crossed legged with perhaps a hand sliding in to help her hold on he felt his forehead sweating as his desires increased exponentially. Slowing teasing himself he slid his erection out to get better traction then jumped as his phone beeped with a text.

“Just announced due in Perth at 16:46.”

“Are you getting off?”

“Tempted. Can’t sit still. Put bag on seat beside me to hide me.”

“Do you know where ladies are at station?”

“No.”

Feeling so horny he couldn’t resist playing devils advocate Daniel hoped Ellen wouldn’t think he was being cruel.

“Hope they aren’t out of order too!”

“Please don’t say that. I’m bursting! Have you been yet?”

“No. Felt it only fair to wait if you have to too.”

“If I stand I think I’ll pee myself so staying on train. Might regret that though.”

Reading the last message over and over again Daniel stroked himself a little faster as the very thought of Ellen having an accident turned him on so much. Keep to encourage her though he typed back.

“You’re doing great baby.”

Frustratingly for Daniel Ellen seemed to go quiet again as he started to wonder if perhaps she had actually got off the train and was running to a toilet. Thrilled at the situation, and not wanting it to end though, he slowed his rubbing down just enough to keep his dick hard but not enough to be anywhere close to orgasm. With the intensity easing a little though sexually another strong feeling seemed to replace it all too abruptly. Rubbing his swollen bladder Daniel struggled to get comfortable as his body threatened to explode with urine strongly and urgently. 

Now gripping and rubbing for a very different reason he looked over in the direction of the downstairs toilet by the front door debating internally whether to use it or not. Weighing more heavily now on the fact if he didn’t he’d surely piss all over the floor he stood up grabbing himself tightly in one hand as he took a step towards his destination when his phone beeped again. Bending down to pick it up he almost felt his muscles giving up until he read the message and immediately grew hard again.

“Train getting busier. Had to let someone sit beside me. Regretting not getting off. I’m going to burst!”

“Me too! Dying to piss here! Had an idea. Do you have a coat on?”

“Yes. Why?”

“The bright flowery anorak?”

“Yes.”

“What about rolling it up and wedging it between your legs? If you leak it might contain it?”

“Great idea! Thanks.”

Stumbling to the kitchen Daniel opened a drawer and grabbed a hand towel. Keen to experience as authentically as possible what Ellen was he sat back on the couch and pushed the rolled towel between his legs. Using it to dab the tip of his penis he realised just how moist and damp he was. Gritting his teeth against the intense pressure to piss the thought of being so desperate on a train with someone right beside him was suddenly so erotic and enticing that he had to rub himself fast again. What if the person next to Ellen guessed what she was doing? What if she had an accident in touching distance of them and they heard and saw everything?

Fighting the urge to cum so badly Daniel eagerly looked at his phone screen as another text arrived from Ellen.

“Good call. Just in time too. Long leak! Never going to make it home dry!”

*458*2024-05-22 00:03

Holding on the train

“Hi Daniel. I’m on the 16:16 Dundee to Glasgow due to arrive in Queen Street at 17:58.”

“Great. I’ll pick you up then. Did everything go ok?”

“Mostly. Oh you’re joking! Sorry Daniel I’ve got a bit of a problem here.”

Pulling at the door of the toilet cubicle despite seeing the notice on the door Ellen felt like swearing. Surely there had to be at least one working toilet on a train this big? Annoyed and really needing to pee Ellen felt so embarrassed. Checking around to make sure she was alone she lowered her voice just in case as she explained to Daniel how she’d only just arrived at the station on time and hadn’t been able to get to the ladies and now both of the toilets on board the train appeared to be out of order.

Encouraged by Daniel’s sympathetic suggestion of finding a ticket examiner Ellen looked up and down both carriages she could see before remembering that she’d already walked through the length of the train and hadn’t seen anyone. Having another quick look nonetheless she realised quickly that she was now at the front of the train with nowhere else to go. Seeing a set of two seats unoccupied facing the front with no one nearby she slipped into the window seat and immediately crossed her legs. Placing her bag on the seat next to her to give herself even more privacy she slid a hand between her legs and tensed her back. Regretting drinking that last mug of coffee with Taras and Vladislav she sat weighing up her options knowing there was simply no way her bladder would hold out all the way to Glasgow.

Hearing the train slowing down Ellen looked out the window nervously as they pulled into Invergowrie station. Looking either side it was obvious even as an unfamiliar passenger that it was a very basic unmanned station with no buildings at all let alone toilets. Sighing quietly she was at least grateful for one thing: only 1 passenger had joined her carriage and they had clearly sat nearer the door and nowhere near where she was. Fidgeting in her seat she was glad to see them moving again as she once again began thinking what she should do. 

Reading everything on the walls she could see she studied the stuck on track sticker on the wall opposite her seeing that the next station was the city of Perth. Having a quick check on her phone as she bounced her legs constantly she confirmed what she suspected about the train times: if she got off the train at the next station she’d have another half an hour to wait for the next one. Tired and longing to see Daniel again she leant her head on the window with her legs still crossed then jumped as the phone in her hand vibrated with a text.

“Have you managed to find someone?”

“No. There doesn’t seem to be anyone on the train. I’ve found a seat away from anyone else and I’m just trying my best to hold.”

“Do you think you’ll manage?”

Debating whether to actually text the truth or not Ellen decided she had nothing to lose. It wasn’t like Daniel could do anything about it anyway.

“I very much doubt it. I haven’t been all day.”

Strangely Daniel didn’t reply right away and when he did it was only to suggest what she’d already thought about herself. Texting him back the information she’d found out online she shared her desire to get back to Glasgow as soon as possible then stared at Daniel’s next reply until her eyes went blurry. Had he really said that he was needing to go pee badly too? Wondering why he hadn’t just been she text back to ask if he was home, though his reply just intrigued her even more. What did he mean by ‘sort of’? It was so vague and nondescript. His next text helped a little though as Ellen found herself nodding to herself as she read that he’d just been at his mum’s and had too many coffees. She sure knew what that felt like right now! Leaving the conversation at the last text saying he was going inside Ellen couldn’t help herself from feeling envious. If only she could nip inside and use a bathroom right now! It was ok for some!

Shuffling in her seat with her hand still wedged tightly between her legs Ellen tried not to think about Daniel getting to pee as she reevaluated in her mind wether she should get off at the next stop or not. With Perth being a city she was sure there would be toilets somewhere at the station but they could be pretty far from the platform and then she’d have to find her way to whatever platform the next train to Glasgow left from again. Just thinking about it made her nervous and anxious as she twisted in her seat wishing there was an easier solution. Trying to distract herself by looking on social media she heard at announcement and listened carefully.

“Attention. The next stop for this train will be Perth. Please alight here for all stations via Edinburgh, Inverness and Aberdeen. This is the 16:16 Scotrail service from Dundee to Glasgow Queen Street due to arrive in Perth on schedule at 16:46. Thank you for travelling with us today.”

Deciding to text Daniel again to keep him in the loop of how she was doing she sent a brief message to say she was due in Perth shortly. Reading him asking if she was getting off Ellen squirmed in her seat seriously considering it as her need to pee seemed to increase by the second. His next message asking if she knew where the toilets were in the station just seemed to irk Ellen a little as she worried yet again that she might not even find them on time. That thought was frightening but then Daniel knocked her for six again when he replied with yet another nightmare scenario: what if those toilets were out of order too? Not knowing whether to laugh or cry at that idea Ellen simply replied saying she was bursting but then curiosity got to her and she cheekily asked if Daniel had been to the loo too.

Shocked to hear that he hadn’t and that he was actually holding off because she couldn’t go Ellen felt her body warming and her heart thumping at the idea of Daniel deliberately holding his bladder to connect with her. Starting to feel increasingly turned on despite sitting in a public place Ellen heard the brakes squeaking and the train slowing down as she looked out the window to see crowds of people waiting to board the train. Sighing to herself she stared in front of herself silently praying in her mind that no one would notice the seat with her bag on or ask to sit next to her.

It felt like they were sitting at Perth forever as the noise level on board increased and the volume of passengers exploded. Watching out the corner of her eye and listening as passengers filed into seats all around her Ellen’s heart sank when a smartly dressed woman asked politely if she could sit beside her. Feeling like she couldn’t refuse Ellen simply nodded and moved her bag to the floor by her feet to let the woman in. Even the slight shift forward though seemed to trigger Ellen’s body as she wriggled and jiggled on the seat feeling very self conscious and very desperate to pee.

Sending a text to update Daniel on the news that the train was now very busy and she had a passenger right beside her Ellen wiped her brow which was dripping with sweat as she text another reply.

“I’m going to burst!”

Staring out the window with her body twisted sideways and her thighs pressed tightly together Ellen felt her face blushing as she read Daniel’s reply.

“Me too! Dying to piss here! Had an idea. Do you have a coat on?”

Wondering what Daniel might be thinking she shuffled around even more as her muscles struggled to contain the weight in her bladder. She was so uncomfortable and overfull and it felt like she might physically pop at any moment. Hearing her own heart thumping she confirmed to Daniel that she had her anorak on then did as he instructed and took it off then rolled it and wedged it between her legs. Rubbing herself against it in the hope it might help stave off another powerful urge she gasped quietly as the lack of resistance in the material was woefully inadequate to prevent a spurt seeping out into her pants and leggings and onto the coat. Squeezing her muscles and bouncing on the seat she noticed the passenger next to her turn to look at her as she quickly texted Daniel.

“Good call. Just in time too. Long leak! Never going to make it home dry!”

Pushing down on the jacket between her legs Ellen did her best to ignore the woman beside her as she wriggled from side to side and backwards and forwards dying to finish what her body had started and fully empty her bladder.

“Are you ok there? Do you need out?”

Ramming a hand between her legs Ellen squirmed around as she turned to look at the well dressed woman. With her voice low and her face beetroot red she felt she had no choice but to explain her situation.

“Not really. I desperately need to go to the loo!”

“Right. I’ll let you go then. Sorry. You should have said.”

Feeling her eyes watering Ellen rested her head on the wall in front of her as she pushed hard between her legs and replied to the stranger beside her.

“There’s no point. The toilets are both out of order.”

“Really? Wow that awful! I’m so sorry.”

“It’s terrible. I should have got off in Perth.”

“Well the next stop is Gleneagles if that’s any good to you? It’s unmanned though but I’m sure there’s toilets. I think you need to pay though as it’s just portable ones on the platform. It’s such an isolated station too. The next train doesn’t even stop there as it’s an express so you’d be nearly an hour until the next train.”

Being interrupted by another message on her phone Ellen bounced and twisted on the seat as she drew breath in trying to hold her bladder.

“Everything ok sweetheart?”

“Not really. I keep leaking. Just heard next station isn’t an option. I gotta wee!”

Opening her legs as much as she could Ellen pushed her anorak tightly in between her thighs as she closed her eyes and allowed another controlled spurt to escape. Dearly hoping it might take the pressure off she pulled one leg over the other and winced as she tried to halt the flow. Gazing absently out of the window she could feel dribbles still leaking as she wiped a silent tear from her eye.

Looking down at her phone screen as it vibrated she did a double take at the photo on her screen.

“Me too. Look!”

The towel in the picture was wet and much darker in multiple places as Ellen smiled at the idea of Daniel being every bit as desperate as she was. Insanely jealous of the fact he was alone she texted back exactly what was on her mind.

“At least you’re alone. I’m about to make a huge puddle in public!”

Shaking with the pressure Elllen whimpered quietly as the passenger beside her turned to look at her again looking worried. Discreetly leaning over to whisper to her Ellen felt a bit more leak out as she listened to what she was saying.

“Is it really bad?”

Nodding Ellen pulled her eyes quickly away before wriggling forwards on the seat, opening her broad legs as far as she could in the restricted seating area and dropping her head onto the wall in front. Hearing the whoosh from her body loudly and feeling the warm wetness running down her legging and spilling over the sides of her scrunched up anorak Ellen was unable to stop herself this time as she simply froze as gallons of liquid continued to surge out of her body freely forming a growing puddle at her feet which she could see was already running down the floor of the busy train. Thinking she was imagining things Ellen suddenly realised that the woman next to her was actually rubbing her upper back in some sort of form of sympathy as she shuddered and shook with the intensity and relief of finally emptying her bladder.

Exhausted and embarrassed Ellen felt tearful but so relived as she shuffled back on the damp seat pulling the anorak away and letting the excess urine drip to the floor. Grateful that her bag was waterproof she dropped the soaking wet jacket on top of it as she turned to look at the well dressed woman feeling utterly mortified at herself.

“Sorry.”

Feeling the other passenger’s hands suddenly moving back to her knee awkwardly Ellen rested her weary head on the window as she held her phone in front of her.

“Better now?”

“Yes thanks.”

Turning back to her phone Ellen sent a text to Daniel that she hoped he’d understand.

“Remember a towel when you pick me up please.”

“No problem. Hope you are ok. Love you loads xx”

*460*2024-05-22 23:10

{{3 hours ago, stinklerus said:

Today marks an year since this story began- an amazing achievement.

A huge thank you to the author. It’s still as entertaining as ever too!

}}

Wow 365 days? That’s crazy! It’s coming to an end soon though so hope it’s been worth it x

*462*2024-05-24 21:45

Hi all, just a note to say there won’t be any more chapters until next week at the earliest. The roof of my house needs urgent repairs after water began pouring through my ceiling two days ago. I’ve had to move out with two disabled autistic children into a hotel so won’t be able to write more until we are all back home safe. I hope you all understand xx

*471*2024-05-28 14:52

*update* we are back home and the roof is temporarily fixed. Hoping to get another chapter up later tonight. Thank you all for caring and for being so patient. It’s been a very stressful 5 days!

*472*2024-05-28 23:47

Daniel welcomes Ellen back

The seconds of taking his hands off his penis to reread the message were fatal for Daniel as a small spurt of warm liquid dribbled from the hot moist tip of his penis onto the towel wedged into his crotch. Mopping it up and dabbing himself dry he gritted his teeth against the insane pressure in his body to relax and explode everywhere. Ellen may have leaked on the train but as far as he knew she was still holding on so he had to too. Writhing on the couch squeezing his penis hard and squirming around he moaned against the pain as his eye watered and his heart thumped.

It was no good though as another spurt shot out and he had to grab the towel quickly to catch it. He needed to stand up and get to the downstairs toilet urgently even if it meant no longer being able to feel the same desperation as Ellen. His stomach was beginning to cramp with the intensity now and he was shaking with the pressure of it all. Pinching the head of his penis closed with the towel he tried standing up but quickly fell back down onto the couch as another longer spurt burst out mostly landing in the towel but also spraying onto the leg of his suit trousers and even dripping onto his untucked shirt. 

Keen to spare his expensive suit from any further damage he slid his trousers to the floor still twisting and gripping at his penis to hold back the contents of his overfull very stretched bladder. Shaking his leg to get the trousers off his shoe he felt more dribbles easing out as he gasped and mopped them up with the towel. Suddenly returning his thoughts to Ellen on the train he snapped a quick pic of the wet towel hoping to show it to Ellen later to prove to her how desperate he’d been too.

Concerned he hadn’t heard for her for a few minutes he bounced on the couch and twisted his body as he text asking if everything was ok. Hearing back right away Daniel gasped reading the words on his screen.

“Not really. I keep leaking. Just heard next station isn’t an option. I gotta wee!”

Wishing more than anything in the world that he was with her Daniel desperately wanted to console his girlfriend and let her know she wasn’t alone. Hoping no-one else was able to see her phone screen he risked something he never thought he’d ever do. Sending the snap of the wet towel he followed it with a short simple text which was all he could muster without bursting everywhere with piss.

“Me too. Look!”

Immediately feeling embarrassed Daniel tried standing again twisting the damp towel around his swollen manhood and squeezing it hard. Bending down to pick up his phone from the couch the squashing of his distended bladder was too much to bear as more urine seeped out just as Daniel read Ellen’s reply.

“At least you’re alone. I’m about to make a huge puddle in public!”

Tossing the phone quickly back down as he felt a strong surge in his bladder Daniel raced towards his small downstairs toilet spilling urine as he went. Standing over the toilet at last he threw the sodden towel down as he grabbed his squirting syphon in his hand and aimed it as best he could into the toilet. The power of his urination causing him to have to steady himself Daniel closed his eyes in euphoria as his body finally relaxed sufficiently to let the entire contents of his bladder burst out at last. 

Rubbing at his stomach as it noticeably softened and sunk in Daniel felt like crying with relief as torrents of liquid still surged down his half hard penis into the bowl. Frozen to the spot as the intensity slowly eased Daniel heard himself swear at how incredible it felt to finally be able to breathe and move freely without the extreme stress of trying to hold back his bladder. Using some toilet roll to dab the last few drips from his tip he flushed the toilet and washed his hands leaning on the wall to recover from what he’d just experienced.

Picking up the towel he stripped off the rest of his smart clothes and put what was machine washable in the machine with the towel. Racing upstairs naked he changed into clean underwear and more casual clothing then came back down and picked up his phone. Seeing one more message from Ellen he could feel his erection growing again as he read it over and over.

“Remember a towel when you pick me up please.”

Was she ok? She’d obviously had an accident on the train but was she dealing with it ok or was she distressed and upset? Wishing he could know for sure he also didn’t want to even hint that she should feel ashamed in any way. After all it wasn’t her fault the toilets were out of order and having to pee was a bodily function she couldn’t help. Deciding his best option was to reassure her of his love he typed back smiling.

“No problem. Hope you are ok. Love you loads xx”

Getting harder and harder as he tried to picture Ellen in wet pants and legging on a busy train he returned to the kitchen to make himself the coffee he’d planned on having when he first arrived home. Whistling to himself as his mind wandered to his beautiful girlfriend he made the coffee on autopilot and returned to the lounge to drink it. Now feeling it would be too much to keep texting Ellen further he sipped at his coffee as he scrolled through the news on his phone, all the time struggling to ignore how rampant and hard he felt.

Time seemed to be dragging by as he waited anxiously until it was time to leave to pick Ellen up. Sipping at his hot coffee he played a game on his phone to distract himself until his mug was empty. Rinsing the empty mug in the sink he then went upstairs to find some towels and packed them in a carried bag. Putting his coat back on he locked up and returned into the chilly October late afternoon drizzle to make his way to Queen Street station to pick Ellen up.

Surprised to be able to find a space in George Square right opposite the station Daniel crossed the busy roundabout and went into the newly refurbished station. Looking for the information board he scanned it to see the arrivals and noted the platform for the Dundee train. Nervous and anxious he walked towards platform 5 in anticipation of the train’s arrival. Having no idea what carriage Ellen might be on Daniel opted to stand nearer the front of the platform hoping he wouldn’t miss Ellen walking past him. Sweating as he spotted the train approached he felt his penis beginning to throb as he dearly hoped no-one could tell. With the noise increasing as the train came closer Daniel felt his palms sweat and his throat go dry. Would it be obvious the second he saw Ellen or would no-one be able to tell and it would just be their personal secret?

Watching the doors open as if in slow motion Daniel stared at the stationary train as feet stepped out and passengers started to disembark. His eyes darting from one person to another he felt his heart racing as he eagerly searched for Ellen. As the noise of whistles, beeping doors, moving trains and tannoy announcements bombarded his ears one single sound stood out and made his heard dance.

“Hi Daniel.”

Grabbing Ellen and holding her tight in his arms he bent down to kiss her not ever caring who was watching. The warmth of her lips and the tenderness of her kiss made his head spin as he wrapped his arms around her large body feeling thrilled to have her once again beside him. Oblivious to the crowds circling around them Daniel just wanted to hold Ellen forever and kiss her deeper and deeper. 

Bending down for another wonderful kiss he knew he was smiling so much as he felt his face transform from anxious to delighted as he reached for Ellen’s hand to slide his fingers into hers. Walking through the station in silent solitude Daniel lead Ellen out the busy station and across the busy road to where his car was parked. Opening the passenger door for her he smiled at the fluffy towel on the seat ready as he watched Ellen stepping in. Rushing around to the drivers side excitedly he climbed in quickly and closed the door. Desperate to know how wet Ellen was he looked at her wide eyed and hard as he tried to muster the words he wanted.

“Is it…is it bad?”

Gasping as Ellen giggled and turned the internal light on in the car Daniel’s eyes shot immediately to her crotch as she pushed her bag and anorak into the footwell and pulled up her long top. Reaching over for his hand she moved it to her upper legs letting Daniel not only see but also feel the wetness that was very obvious all down her leggings. Feeling down to her knees he gently moved his hand back up to the top of her legs before nodding to Ellen.

“May I?”

Seeing her smile and nod he eagerly fondled her still wet crotch with his mouth dropping open in shock and delight.

“You’re still so wet.”

“It’s not just wee.”

“I think we’d better go home don’t you?”

“Yes please. You should have seen the puddle under my seat Daniel. It was like the river Clyde. Every time the train tilted or turned a corner it ran further all over the carriage. I’m sure everyone in the carriage guessed someone had had a very big accident. It was quite exciting thinking it was me. Imagine if someone saw it and found it sexy. That’s quite a turn on I think.”

“Oft Ellen! It’s so brilliant to have you back. You’ve made me so hard already! I can’t even tell you how badly I've been wanting you. I’d love to hear all about how it went in Dundee today but you’ll have to excuse me if I have something else on my mind first. Fuck you are so sexy

Ellen Hemmingdale. I can barely think straight to drive! Come on lights! Some of us are in a hurry to get home here!”

*473*2024-05-31 23:40

Ellen gets horny in the train and car

Holding her phone tightly on her knee Ellen was so conscious of the pool of pee at her feet as she lifted one foot then slowly put it back down hearing the liquid splash as she did so. Her bottom felt so wet and warm too as she tried to imagine how soaked the crotch of her leggings must be. With the daylight beginning to fade outside already she used the internal lights of the carriage to raise one leg just enough to examine the wet streaks all down the inside of her leggings. Placing the raised leg over the other, like that was what she’d intended doing all along, she gazed out the window absently wondering what Daniel was doing and how he might be feeling knowing she’d wet herself.

As the train pulled into Stirling and the passenger composition changed Ellen couldn’t help but think about who might be sitting behind her. Pushing her bag and jacket over as close to the window as she could she could now see that her large pool of pee was drifting and moving backwards on the carriage floor in a stream carried by the swaying of the train. Would it be obvious it was urine or would someone just think it was a spillage of a drink or something? As the train pulled out the station again heading towards Glasgow Ellen avoided all eye contact with anyone as she tried listening closely for any hint that any of the passengers had guessed someone on board had had an accident. Other than a loud comment from someone behind her somewhere saying ‘watch out’, which she reasoned could be for any number of things, she had nothing to prove that anyone other than the smartly dressed woman beside her knew what had happened.

Knowing she was getting closer to Glasgow Ellen began focussing her thoughts more on Daniel again until a younger woman in jeans and a fitted jumper pushed down the narrow walkway towards the door to the toilet opposite where Ellen was sitting. This was the first person Ellen had seen try to access it since she had when she boarded back in Dundee. Turning to watch the woman Ellen guessed by her body language that, like her, she’d clearly tried waiting hoping she’d last until her destination but then decided that really wasn’t wise. Hearing her pulling at the door handle while she read the out of order notice her sigh and annoyance was tangible. Thinking she could hear a very frustrated sigh from the woman Ellen turned her eyes quickly back to the window as she heard the woman turn and return to her seat.

Her thoughts now instantly returning to her own accident she let her mind wander to very private personal thoughts wondering how many other in the carriage may be holding full bladders and thinking what others might think if they knew the large spreading puddle that was still spreading all over the carriage in multiple directions had once been the contents of her very full bladder.

Would that disgust anyone or could there possibly be someone for whom the thought of someone wetting themselves in desperation was as erotic as it was to her? What about the smartly dressed woman next to her who had been so understanding and supportive when it happened? What if she was also thinking sexy thought in relation to what she’d witnessed earlier? The thought that a stranger might find her situation and the fact she was still sitting in wet pants and leggings a turn on was hugely arousing for Ellen. It wasn’t helped at all by the warmth and dampness between her legs which was so comforting but so sexy too. Knowing full well that her boyfriend would find the whole thing very hot the anticipation of seeing Daniel again was only proving to arouse Ellen even more.

Hearing an announcement at last that they were finally approaching Queen Street station Ellen leaned down to pick up her anorak and bag noticing thankfully that both appeared dry now. Not wanting anyone to see her wet clothing she happily stayed on her seat while others began standing ready to alight. Feeling flushed from a mixture of embarrassment and excitement she waited until the train was fully stationary before standing up and squeezing past the empty seat beside her into the aisle. Focussed on the double doors of the carriage to make her way out she couldn’t help but hear a woman’s voice.

“We need to find the ladies right away. I’m nearly about to wet myself!”

The male reply sent shivers down Ellen’s spine as she felt her pants dampening with mucus.

“Watch your feet. Looks like someone else already did. Oh my God that’s some puddle that!”

Feeling her heart fluttering and her face redden Ellen followed behind the crowd and out the train doors onto the cold dark platform looking around for any signs of Daniel. Thinking she could perhaps see him at the very end of the platform she flowed with the crowd until near enough to almost touch him as she smiled at the thought that he hadn’t noticed her.

“Hi Daniel!”

The beam of his face and excitement in his eyes thrilled Ellen as he threw his arms around her and held her tightly leaning down to kiss her affectionately and lovingly. Buoyed by his welcome Ellen returned the kiss passionately as her hormones soared and her desire for Daniel magnified. Letting him take her bag and jacket she entwined her fingers in his as they walked hand in hand through the station atrium towards George Square. Seeing Daniel’s car parked on the opposite side of the road Ellen felt so content to finally be back in Glasgow at last. Waiting for the three laned roundabout to clear enough that they could cross she allowed Daniel to take the lead as he opened the passenger door for her and gently placed her bag and jacket at her feet. Automatically pulling her belt on ready she smiled seeing she was sitting on a towel as she watched Daniel walk in front of the car to get into the driver’s side.

Safely in the car together Ellen felt so unbelievably happy and naughty knowing that her clothes were still wet from her earlier accident. Letting her eyes move to Daniel’s crotch even as she thought about her own her grin grew wider at seeing just how long and hard he clearly was. Longing to touch and feel him when they got home his rampant eyes and open mouth convinced her that Daniel was every bit as horny as she was. Following his gaze she knew right away what he was thinking.

“Is it…is it bad?

Eager to let his see and feel for himself Ellen pushed her belongings further under the footwell then pulled her longer top up to show off her still wet and warm crotch and streaked damp leggings. The touch of Daniel’s warm hand on her knee, upper leg and thigh sent electricity surging through her body like lightning as the anticipation of what might come next increased her libido and desires exponentially. Following the direction of his warm large hands as they travelled upwards Ellen had no hesitation in nodding her agreement for him to proceed further.

“You’re still so wet.”

“It’s not just wee.”

“I think we’d better go home don’t you?”

Nodding again Ellen guessed it was taking all Daniel’s self control to remove his hand onto the steering wheel as he started the engine and joined the flow of traffic in the direction of the M8. Driving over the river Clyde Ellen began telling Daniel about the huge puddle she made in the train carriage, likening it to the long windy river flowing through the city and beyond, and how she wondered if any of the passengers might have guessed what it was and found it sexy. Going on to share more about how absolutely bursting she’d been and how she’s endeavoured to hold on but couldn’t she knew from how Daniel was driving and how sweaty his forehead was that her every word was making him hornier and hornier. The problem was that it wasn’t just him who felt like that as she slid a hand between her legs and rubbed herself gently, enjoying greatly the sensation of her wet pants and leggings against her sensitive excited vaginal lips.

She was hungry and thirsty but all that could wait because the second they were home she knew neither of them would be able to contain themselves. In fact if the journey took too much longer she might even orgasm before she got there!

*474*2024-06-04 22:38

Not forgotten about this. Circumstances are making it difficult to write at present but I promise to bring you another chapter in the next few days x

*475*2024-06-06 23:59

Daniel rewards Ellen for her train accident

Joining onto the M8 Daniel drove in autopilot as his mind filled with thoughts of Ellen and what he wanted to do to her. Still at the tail end of rush hour the motorway was slow and stop, with each delay only succeeding to intensify his sexual need. Rubbing at his hard on whenever he could he glanced over at Ellen several times and gasped at seeing her hand between her thick legs and hearing the squelching as she openly played with her own body.

By the time he finally pulled into Hillington Gardens he wanted to scream with unfulfilled and urgent need as he struggled to remain composed enough to steer the car safely down the side of his house. Pressing on the brake and pulling that handbrake up Daniel immediately moved his hand over to Ellen’s body as he fondled her thighs and upper leg yearning for so much more. Getting out the car in the dark he ran around the front to the passenger side and pulled open the door for Ellen. Taking her hand he pressed to lock the car again as he pulled the woman he lusted after so much closer to his back door. 

With the outside light now beaming down at them he gently guided Ellen under its bright light so he could examine more closely how wet and discoloured her leggings were from her wetting. Wishing he could photograph the scene in front of him, knowing full well that if he did he’d look back on it and immediately need to cum, he pulled Ellen back in for a deep enticing kiss before finally unlocking the door to let them both in.

They had barely set foot over the door frame when Daniel was already pulling Ellen’s top off and fondling her vast beautiful breasts even as he rubbed his hard on against her thigh. Hanging his own coat over the back of a dining chair he pulled his own top urgently over his head before rushing back over to Ellen with his trousers by his feet as he ran his hands down Ellen’s sides right from under her arms all the way down to her knees. Moving inwards he then explored Ellen’s knees upwards from her inside leg to her sopping wet warm crotch. Having a good stroke over her wet leggings and pants he then smiled and winked at Ellen before proceeding to pull down her leggings peeling them slowly down her waist, then her thighs then her lower leg. Helping her step out of them he loved having Ellen’s head lean on his chest as he sniffed her hair and pulled back some stray ends from her face.

“Oh baby you must have had to go so so badly earlier. I wish I had been there to help you. I really do.”

“Oh Daniel how I wish you had been there too! But you’re here now and I know you’ll make it all better for me won’t you?”

The hint of submission, of surrender, of asking him to do something for her, pressed something inside Daniel as he pulled Ellen tightly into his arms loving the firmness of her body against his very thick erect dick which was now stretching the fabric of his boxers beyond where they should go.

“What if I show you just how truly wonderful and amazing you are darling? Would you like that?”

“Mmmm. Yes please.”

Now satisfied he had consent something instantly changed as he pushed Ellen lovingly away, ripped down his boxers, stepped out his clothing and dived towards Ellen’s vagina. Kneeling on the kitchen floor looking up to her wet knickers he pulled them down quickly and clumsily shaking with sexual need. Initially rubbing and exploring with his hand he then couldn’t resist shuffling nearer on his knees until he could lean up and lick where a huge waterfall of wee had pummelled out from her body earlier that evening on a busy train. Egged on by the luscious alluring noises coming from Ellen he then stood back up completely naked and wrapped his arms around Ellen to access the clips on her bra. Unclipping the material and sliding it off of her body Daniel leaned in to whisper to the girl of his dreams.

“Here or upstairs?”

Seeing her index finger pointing upwards Daniel smiled and nodded then lead Ellen through the living room and upstairs to his bedroom. Encircling her large body he suckled at her nipples until they grew and went red then pressed a hand between them and gently pushed Ellen back down onto the bed. With her feet straddled over the end he climbed up beside her and resumed kissed and licking her now open and throbbing vagina before straddling over her open legs until his throbbing aching dick was in line with her open body. Thrusting inside Daniel leaned down over Ellen as the words trundled out without thought or premeditation.

“I love you Ellen. I love everything about you. I love these bountiful breasts of yours and your shapely full body. I love your thick gorgeous hair and your luscious lips. But do you know what I love even more than that? This bit here. This huge bladder of yours that when full causes you to fidget and squirm and bounce and twist and turn, all of which makes me want so desperately. Oh darling, am I pressing a little too hard? There’s not a bit more still hiding in there is there? Maybe some dribbles or drops you’ve held back especially just for me? What if I press like this? Is that the face of someone trying to hold back their urine again? Oh my baby you don’t need to be in any discomfort any more. I’m not hurting you pushing in and out like this am I? Don’t let my penis stop you doing any more pee pee if you want to. You’re safe with me my precious.

Oh. That feels so good. So warm and wet. Oh fuck that’s awesome that is. That’s it. You let it all come out now. Mmmm. Oh baby you must have been so bursting on that train and now you’re still going again here.”

Feeling his hormones surging and his dick getting more and more excited even as Ellen let out more warm wet wee all around him as he thrust faster and faster inside her Daniel sensed his ability to hold back was slipping quickly. Hearing Ellen’s pleasurable moans and feeling her body shaking with desire he pushed and thrust deeper and firmer as he felt the all too familiar explosion at the tip of his penis. Frozen with satisfaction and the culmination of hours of horniness he smiled down at Ellen as he watched her body climax loudly and obviously as he swept back some sweaty hair from her face then leaned down to kiss her cheek.

Having not heard Ellen say much since they came upstairs Daniel loved hearing her soft tender voice as she licked her lips to moisten them before opening her mouth.

“Will your bed be ok Daniel? I had a little accident again.”

“Don’t ever worry about that my darling. There’s a waterproof protection on the mattress but right now I wouldn’t even care if it was ruined. I needed that so badly my testicles were even groaning. I’ve been edging for hours ever since you got on that train in Dundee. Now how about we put these bed sheet in the wash, have a shower and then you can tell me all about how it went today over dinner? I don’t know about you but I’m suddenly starving!”

“Can you help me up? That sounds great.”

Pulling Ellen up Daniel felt a dull ache in his belly. Instinctively rubbing it he had to suddenly move his hand to pinch his dick as a very powerful, almost overwhelming, urgency to piss consumed his entire body. Turning and dashing to the ensuite he could already feel liquid surging down his urethra and pulling inside his swollen aching penis. Dripping urine on the tiled floor his eyes bulged at the sight of the toilet as he frantically tried to reach it in time. Letting his tight grip go he watched as a powerful double stream soared into the pan just as Ellen joined him from behind and wrapped her large arms around his waist.

“Sometimes it comes on really strong doesn’t it? I do adore seeing you bursting you know.”

Having to concentrate fully on pissing to do his best to aim the flow into the toilet Daniel smiled to himself at Ellen’s words. They really couldn’t be more sexually compatible if they tried!

Flushing and washing his hands he turned back round to his naked beauty and winked at her.

“Care to join me in the shower then I’ll put dinner on? I really do want to know how everyone got on in their new flats. I’ve been thinking of them all all day.”

Eyeing up Ellen’s adorable body from head to toe he reached out for her hand as he walked closer to the shower and turned it on.

“Ok so I’ve mostly been thinking of you to be honest but I do still want to hear about your day. It’s not too hot is it?”

“It’s perfect Daniel. Just like you.”

*476*2024-06-09 23:58

Ellen reaps the reward of her wetting

Edging herself closer and closer to climax in the car Ellen read every overhead gantry and every signpost in the hope they were somehow getting closer to Hillington. The longer the journey was taking the more she feared her body might orgasm as every tingle and touch sent fiery sensations throughout her anatomy. Forcing herself to slow down her pressing and playing she smiled when Daniel turned the car finally into Hillington Gardens and hurriedly pulled down the side of his house. As he swiftly jumped out the car and rushed around to help her out her heart shuddered in her chest with anticipation and excitement. Letting Daniel pull her down towards his back door she giggled as he stood her under the bright outdoor light as his eyes widened with lust at seeing the colour of her leggings under the shining glow. Their eyes meeting he pulled her in tightly to caress her body and explore her lips as they kissed deeply and longingly.

Eager and burning with longing Ellen couldn’t wait to get inside when Daniel finally let her go to unlock the door. Stepping in first Daniel had barely closed the door when he dived towards her and pulled her top hurriedly over her head tossing in onto the dining table like he had no thought for it ever again. Clumsily taking his own coat off and hanging it over a dining chair Ellen stared at him in adoration as he undid his trousers and pulled his own top over his head not even bothering to undo any buttons like he normally would. Leaning over towards her Ellen’s body warmed quickly as Daniel placed his firm hot hands over her bra and fondled at the breasts beneath them like he needed her so badly. Feeling his hard on rubbing against her upper leg blood pumped around Ellen’s body quickly making her giddy with want and sexual desires. Meeting Daniel’s lips with hers again she overflowed with passion as her pants filled with sticky mucus making her vagina ooze and throb with readiness.

Having Daniel then stand up and feel her body from the top of her arms right down to her ankles like she was being searched at an airport Ellen relaxed under his touch as her body shook with hunger for the hands that caressed her. When he reached the bottom of her legs and proceeded to move his hands to her inner legs the dampness of her leggings against the hairs of her leg reminding her of her earlier accident made her head spin with lust and leeriness. 

She was ready, more than ready, and the cheeky wink Daniel gave her made her dizzy with desire so much so she rested her head forward onto Daniel’s chest as his hands teased closer and closer to the crotch of her wet leggings and pants. Feeling him now pulling the leggings down Ellen used his body to help her balance giving Daniel full control of her lower body. Now only in her bra and peed in pants, and Daniel only in his boxers, Ellen looked up to gaze at every little feature she adored of Daniel’s handsome face as he spoke to her tenderly and enticingly.

“Oh baby you must have had to go so so badly earlier. I wish I had been there to help you. I really do.”

“Oh Daniel how I wish you had been there too! But you’re here now and I know you’ll make it all better for me won’t you?”

She meant that so sincerely as the embarrassment and shame of what she had done made her blush. She was a professional older woman who should have known better but the comfort of now being with Daniel was most definitely starting to heal the memory quickly and transform what had been a shocking fearful event into something that was now exciting and rewarding.

“What if I show you just how truly wonderful and amazing you are darling? Would you like that?”

Imagining that Daniel was about to make love to her finally Ellen’s heart burned at the thought and the hairs on her arms stood up in anticipation. It wasn’t a question of wanting any more, it was needing more than she needed her next breath! Expecting to move to the living room or bedroom Ellen gasped as Daniel let her go, stepped out his own underwear revealing a luscious long thick black dick, then surprisingly knelt down under her broad open legs and proceeded to stroke and explore her sodden hot vagina with his hands, fingers and then his tongue! Unable to remain quiet Ellen squealed and moaned in delight and ecstasy as her large curvy body shook with sexual tension and eagerness. 

On the cusp of orgasm yet again she closed her eyes to intensify every single feeling and thought as she shook and vibrated all of her own accord as the warmth and wetness and length of Daniel’s tongue tickled and tortured areas of her vagina she’d forgotten ever existed. Literally on the edge of climax suddenly Daniel stopped, stood up, and casually hugged her then with his arms behind her she felt him unclipping her bra and sliding it off her arms and breasts even as their eyes met with burning passion as Daniel’s husky voice confirmed his need was every bit as urgent as her own.

“Here or upstairs?”

Thinking the bed would be the most comfortable and private Ellen pointed upstairs then let Daniel lead her by the hand naked through the lounge and up the stairs directly to his large welcoming bedroom. Standing by the end of the bed as they stared at each other in gawping lust Ellen didn’t even resist when Daniel playfully pushed her back onto the bed. climbed up beside her and continued with his tongue exactly where he’d left off moments before downstairs. With her body more relaxed now she was comfortable lying down Ellen gasped and gawped in response to Daniel’s exploring with his warm wet tongue as he entered her throbbing pussy easily and calmly like this was an ordinary everyday thing to do with his mouth. Now pulling out he straddled over her carefully replacing his tongue with his thicker longer penis as it slid in quickly like a child riding down a steep water slide deep into her body so seamlessly and happily.

The analogy of the water slide seemed so thoroughly fitting as gloops of mucus sopped out from between Ellen’s legs as Daniel thrust in and out of her open soaking vagina making Ellen shudder with sexual pleasure. The sense of finally getting to orgasm, to climax after so many hours of wanting and needing and longing and sitting in warm wet underwear and leggings, was right at the apex when Daniel pressed on her bladder sending waves of pleasurable and pleasant pressure down towards her urethra causing a little warm dribble of pee to leak out unconsciously.

Listening to Daniel’s alluring seductive voice as he expressed so clearly and beautifully how much he loved her body and especially her bladder and her squirming when she had to pee, Ellen felt his hand leaning down again on her poor bladder even as he thrust in and out of her throbbing hungry pussy. Realising quite suddenly that she actually still had a fair amount of urine still sloshing around inside her Ellen could no longer control her body as her crotch grabbed and squeezed against Daniel’s thick tasty dick as her bladder pushed back and downwards pushing out the left over wee from hours before.

In the height of orgasm Ellen completely and fully relaxed and released giving her all to Daniel as she shook, gasped, grunted and peed simultaneously as her partner and lover’s lips trembled as his dick thrust quicker and harder until he erupted strongly inside her as her warm wee ran down the length of him and dribbled onto the bed beneath them. Trying to steady her breathing from the most intimate intense orgasm she could recall Ellen opened her eyes to see Daniel leaning down to gently kiss her cheek. Feeling her face flushed from what had happened in the heat of the moment Ellen worried about Daniel’s reaction even though he’d said how much he enjoyed it when she had to go.

“Will your bed be ok Daniel? I had a little accident again.”

Seeing Daniel’s smile and the glint in his eye Ellen knew everything was ok even before he spoke.

“Don’t ever worry about that my darling. There’s waterproof protection on the mattress but right now I wouldn’t even care if it was ruined. I needed that so badly my testicles were even groaning. I’ve been edging for hours ever since you got on that train in Dundee. Now how about we put these bed sheet in the wash, have a shower and then you can tell me all about how it went today over dinner? I don’t know about you but I’m suddenly starving!”

Nodding her approval Ellen waited for Daniel to stand up then put her hand out for him to help her up. Standing up and taking a moment to let her head settle to the upright position once again she gazed at Daniel and grinned. The way he was suddenly bent forward gripping himself and looking towards the bathroom told her everything she needed to know. How often she’d masturbated herself to hold back her bursting bladder only to have the urgency return with a vengeance after she’d orgasmed! Had Daniel had to go even before picking her up from the station or had it just came on as it often did after sex? Not really bothered which it was she chuckled to herself at the clumsy urgent way he raced to the bathroom as she briskly followed behind him.

Hearing and seeing him urinate strongly and powerfully into the toilet she wrapped her naked body around the back of his clasping her hands around his waist lovingly.

“Sometimes it comes on really strong doesn’t it? I do adore seeing you bursting you know.”

Letting him go to wash his hands Ellen smiled at Daniel as he turned to smile back at her commenting casually that he still wanted to hear how her day in Dundee went. That seemed like weeks ago already though there was so much she really wanted to share with him. For now though they needed to get cleaned up and get some food in their stomachs and liquid in their bodies. No longer needing to get up early to go to the cruise ship they had plenty time to share about their day in detail to each other. They might not have the refugees in common any longer or be working together but they were very much a couple now and Ellen couldn’t be more happier about that ever.

*477*2024-06-13 00:03

Daniel and Ellen think about the future

Stepping into the shower first Daniel reached for Ellen’s hand to invite her to join him. They were both tired and hungry so handing Ellen her shower gel and shampoo Daniel proceeded to wash his own body and hair quickly before stepping out to get dried and then helping Ellen out and handing her a towel. Leaving Ellen to use the hairdryer if she wanted to he slipped on a clean pair of boxers then noticed his rarely used house coat at the back of his wardrobe. Pulling it off the hanger he pushed his arms into the sleeves and turned around to see Ellen smiling at him.

“You don’t mind if I put my night shirt on too do you?”

“Of course not. You carry on and get dressed and I’ll pop down and put dinner in the oven. Fancy a cuppa?”

“I’d love one. I’ll not be long.”

Heading downstairs bare footed Daniel chuckled to himself thinking how much his dad had loved wearing slippers. For him they had always represented old age but now walking on the cold kitchen tiles barefoot he actually wished for the first time in his life that he possessed a simple pair just to keep his feet warm. Decanting two meals from his mum into overproof dishes, which he had so many of, he turned the oven on and placed the food on the tray. Turning to fill the kettle up with fresh water he looked out the kitchen window to the darkness outside realising just how much later he was eating to normal. No wonder he was starving! It really had been a long day and switching on the kettle it felt like months ago that he’d stood on the Adventurer II waving off the refugees onto the buses and then running out to say goodbye to them all. Wondering how they were all doing in their new flats his mind was miles away when he felt Ellen’s hands around his waist.

“Hey. You ok?”

“Yeah sorry. I was just thinking about all the refugees there and wondering how they were getting on in their new flats.”

“I never did have time to tell you how it went. You’d better sit down with your coffee Daniel. Wait until I tell you what Keith did when we all arrived! Honestly that man is beyond me, he really is.”

Taking the hot drinks over to the dining table Daniel sat opposite Ellen shaking his head in disbelief at Keith once again doing press interviews whilst leaving the refugees outside the caretaker’s flat to fend for themselves without even so much as a welcome! As if that wasn’t enough he felt his jaw open in disgust when Ellen explained that two entire floors of flats hadn’t even been unlocked for their new recipients on their first ever day in Dundee! What sort of welcome was that?

Disappointed to hear that both Jessica and Yeva left Ellen to deal with things alone Daniel so wished he’d been with her for support. Listening intently as Ellen went on to talk about her visit to Tetyana and Dmitro and their new baby daughter, and then Ruslana and Nadia, Daniel drank his coffee feeling so proud and full of admiration for the amazing woman in front of him. Keeping an eye on his watch he let Ellen talk further about the others she saw in Tulloch Court while he turned off the oven and dished up their meal with some Pakora he found in the fridge and some nan bread.

As they ate Daniel felt more than a little concerned hearing how Dmitro hadn’t been aware of the intercom system, Ruslana hadn’t know how to open the windows, and how concerned the midwife had been at the lack of furniture and food that any of the refugees had. Feeling sad and a little guilty that they perhaps hadn’t done enough for everyone he ate his food wondering if any of the residents in Tulloch Court had had a hot meal that night like they were used to on the cruise ship. Content to still leave Ellen to do the lion’s share of talking he took away their empty plates and opened a packet of biscuits onto a plate for them to have for afterwards. Filling up two glasses of water he returned to the table where Ellen looked up to him smiling.

“So I hear you had a bit of an eventful day too judging by your texts earlier? So how did your meeting go then?”

Sighing as he reached for a biscuit Daniel took a second to gather his thoughts.

“So Archie has zero plans for me to actually return to the office. I really don’t know if that was his plan right from the get go or whether he’s just being a dick. It’s hard to tell with Archie. Anyway I’m being transferred to Possil. Or that’s what he hopes will happen. I told him I wasn’t happy but honestly I don’t actually get a say in it despite having worked for the council for 15 years. Utter joke really. I mean Possilpark? I’m assuming you know what that’s like? I guess that’s a bit of a silly question really. Who doesn’t know what poxy Possil is like? He wanted me to start right away but I’ve negotiated some annual leave that I’m overdue so I can weigh up my options and come to Dundee with you next week for your training. That’s if you’d still like that?”

“I’d love that. Didn’t you say you’d been to your mum’s too? Is she ok?”

“I panicked I guess and needed to talk to someone. Not that my mum was particularly helpful.”

“Really? I’d have thought she’d have really been on your side too.”

“That’s my mum for you. She’s more interested in me going back to Mosque and being a good Muslim than she is anything else in life. Apparently if I’d have been attending Mosque more and keeping the five pillars of Islam this wouldn’t have happened to me as Allah would have looked out for me. That’s working a dream for all the Muslims in Iraq and an Iran right now of course isn’t it? Obviously according to my mum’s logic none of them have been keeping the faith enough or there wouldn’t be a war.”

Rolling his eyes at it all Daniel paused to take a sip of water.

“It’s not for me Ellen. That much I already know.”

“So what’s your plans honey?”

“I’m going to take a few days to think about it but maybe it’s time I did something else. First though I owe it to the former residents of the Adventurer II to make sure they are all ok. From what you have just told me they really aren’t and to be honest I’m feeling incredibly guilty about it all right now. Had I known how little support there would be in Dundee I am not sure I’d have agreed to the move. How could no-one have even told them about the door entry system or the hearing or even how to open the windows? What else don’t they know?”

“I’m not sure where to really start on that question Daniel. What I do know though is that we moved some very vulnerable people almost 100 miles away and from what I found out today no-one has even supported them to even register with a GP! Nadia is at least at school but all those wee ones that moved this morning won’t even be registered yet or know where the nearest school or nursery even is. You’re not the only one feeling guilty. Part of me expected to feel a bit lost tonight, you know that feeling when something huge finally comes to an end, but actually I don’t feel like that at all.

I guess I feel angry at how little support Dundee council have put in, I’m frustrated at how long it’s taking them to fill the caretakers role and I’m terrified about so many of the group that moved today. I’m not even employed to support them any more Daniel but I just can’t walk away and pretend they are not my responsibility any more. It’s still not even guaranteed I’ll get the job there but even if I do by the time I start the damage will be done.”

“I know exactly what you mean Ellen. It’s so hard isn’t it? I never ever thought I’d feel like this. It was just meant to be a project, another job. I’ve never felt like this with anything else before.”

“Neither have I Daniel. I’ve been doing some thinking too. If you are really ok with me staying here if I don’t get the Dundee job then I’m definitely going to get the flat sorted tomorrow. I’ll contact my landlord and officially put my notice in and cancel my direct debit for the rent. I know I’ve lost all the contents but I can’t do anything about that. I’d also like to call into the Crisis shop in town and see if Margot is in. It’s only fair I update her the possibility of moving away so she can try and get more volunteers. I’m going to apply for any other jobs I see too. 100% I want the caretakers job but I need to face the fact that I don’t have a job now and do something about that. Then on Friday it’s the final goodbye to the cruise ship. I want to be mentally prepared for that too. I need to keep busy.”

Daniel nodded. Ellen could keep as busy as she wanted to be as long as she was living with him and sleeping in his bed. The thought of her moving to Dundee broke him more now than ever. She was a part of his house now, a huge part of him, and whatever the future held for them both he wasn’t going to let her go. They’d been through so much in just a few short weeks but one thing he was certain of more than anything was that there was something very special about Ellen Hemmingdale and he loved her very much.

