
The thing about Ellen and Daniel - Page 19

Author: Mbgpeelover

*472*2024-05-28 23:47

Daniel welcomes Ellen back

The seconds of taking his hands off his penis to reread the message were fatal for Daniel as a small spurt of warm liquid dribbled from the hot moist tip of his penis onto the towel wedged into his crotch. Mopping it up and dabbing himself dry he gritted his teeth against the insane pressure in his body to relax and explode everywhere. Ellen may have leaked on the train but as far as he knew she was still holding on so he had to too. Writhing on the couch squeezing his penis hard and squirming around he moaned against the pain as his eye watered and his heart thumped.

It was no good though as another spurt shot out and he had to grab the towel quickly to catch it. He needed to stand up and get to the downstairs toilet urgently even if it meant no longer being able to feel the same desperation as Ellen. His stomach was beginning to cramp with the intensity now and he was shaking with the pressure of it all. Pinching the head of his penis closed with the towel he tried standing up but quickly fell back down onto the couch as another longer spurt burst out mostly landing in the towel but also spraying onto the leg of his suit trousers and even dripping onto his untucked shirt. 

Keen to spare his expensive suit from any further damage he slid his trousers to the floor still twisting and gripping at his penis to hold back the contents of his overfull very stretched bladder. Shaking his leg to get the trousers off his shoe he felt more dribbles easing out as he gasped and mopped them up with the towel. Suddenly returning his thoughts to Ellen on the train he snapped a quick pic of the wet towel hoping to show it to Ellen later to prove to her how desperate he’d been too.

Concerned he hadn’t heard for her for a few minutes he bounced on the couch and twisted his body as he text asking if everything was ok. Hearing back right away Daniel gasped reading the words on his screen.

“Not really. I keep leaking. Just heard next station isn’t an option. I gotta wee!”

Wishing more than anything in the world that he was with her Daniel desperately wanted to console his girlfriend and let her know she wasn’t alone. Hoping no-one else was able to see her phone screen he risked something he never thought he’d ever do. Sending the snap of the wet towel he followed it with a short simple text which was all he could muster without bursting everywhere with piss.

“Me too. Look!”

Immediately feeling embarrassed Daniel tried standing again twisting the damp towel around his swollen manhood and squeezing it hard. Bending down to pick up his phone from the couch the squashing of his distended bladder was too much to bear as more urine seeped out just as Daniel read Ellen’s reply.

“At least you’re alone. I’m about to make a huge puddle in public!”

Tossing the phone quickly back down as he felt a strong surge in his bladder Daniel raced towards his small downstairs toilet spilling urine as he went. Standing over the toilet at last he threw the sodden towel down as he grabbed his squirting syphon in his hand and aimed it as best he could into the toilet. The power of his urination causing him to have to steady himself Daniel closed his eyes in euphoria as his body finally relaxed sufficiently to let the entire contents of his bladder burst out at last. 

Rubbing at his stomach as it noticeably softened and sunk in Daniel felt like crying with relief as torrents of liquid still surged down his half hard penis into the bowl. Frozen to the spot as the intensity slowly eased Daniel heard himself swear at how incredible it felt to finally be able to breathe and move freely without the extreme stress of trying to hold back his bladder. Using some toilet roll to dab the last few drips from his tip he flushed the toilet and washed his hands leaning on the wall to recover from what he’d just experienced.

Picking up the towel he stripped off the rest of his smart clothes and put what was machine washable in the machine with the towel. Racing upstairs naked he changed into clean underwear and more casual clothing then came back down and picked up his phone. Seeing one more message from Ellen he could feel his erection growing again as he read it over and over.

“Remember a towel when you pick me up please.”

Was she ok? She’d obviously had an accident on the train but was she dealing with it ok or was she distressed and upset? Wishing he could know for sure he also didn’t want to even hint that she should feel ashamed in any way. After all it wasn’t her fault the toilets were out of order and having to pee was a bodily function she couldn’t help. Deciding his best option was to reassure her of his love he typed back smiling.

“No problem. Hope you are ok. Love you loads xx”

Getting harder and harder as he tried to picture Ellen in wet pants and legging on a busy train he returned to the kitchen to make himself the coffee he’d planned on having when he first arrived home. Whistling to himself as his mind wandered to his beautiful girlfriend he made the coffee on autopilot and returned to the lounge to drink it. Now feeling it would be too much to keep texting Ellen further he sipped at his coffee as he scrolled through the news on his phone, all the time struggling to ignore how rampant and hard he felt.

Time seemed to be dragging by as he waited anxiously until it was time to leave to pick Ellen up. Sipping at his hot coffee he played a game on his phone to distract himself until his mug was empty. Rinsing the empty mug in the sink he then went upstairs to find some towels and packed them in a carried bag. Putting his coat back on he locked up and returned into the chilly October late afternoon drizzle to make his way to Queen Street station to pick Ellen up.

Surprised to be able to find a space in George Square right opposite the station Daniel crossed the busy roundabout and went into the newly refurbished station. Looking for the information board he scanned it to see the arrivals and noted the platform for the Dundee train. Nervous and anxious he walked towards platform 5 in anticipation of the train’s arrival. Having no idea what carriage Ellen might be on Daniel opted to stand nearer the front of the platform hoping he wouldn’t miss Ellen walking past him. Sweating as he spotted the train approached he felt his penis beginning to throb as he dearly hoped no-one could tell. With the noise increasing as the train came closer Daniel felt his palms sweat and his throat go dry. Would it be obvious the second he saw Ellen or would no-one be able to tell and it would just be their personal secret?

Watching the doors open as if in slow motion Daniel stared at the stationary train as feet stepped out and passengers started to disembark. His eyes darting from one person to another he felt his heart racing as he eagerly searched for Ellen. As the noise of whistles, beeping doors, moving trains and tannoy announcements bombarded his ears one single sound stood out and made his heard dance.

“Hi Daniel.”

Grabbing Ellen and holding her tight in his arms he bent down to kiss her not ever caring who was watching. The warmth of her lips and the tenderness of her kiss made his head spin as he wrapped his arms around her large body feeling thrilled to have her once again beside him. Oblivious to the crowds circling around them Daniel just wanted to hold Ellen forever and kiss her deeper and deeper. 

Bending down for another wonderful kiss he knew he was smiling so much as he felt his face transform from anxious to delighted as he reached for Ellen’s hand to slide his fingers into hers. Walking through the station in silent solitude Daniel lead Ellen out the busy station and across the busy road to where his car was parked. Opening the passenger door for her he smiled at the fluffy towel on the seat ready as he watched Ellen stepping in. Rushing around to the drivers side excitedly he climbed in quickly and closed the door. Desperate to know how wet Ellen was he looked at her wide eyed and hard as he tried to muster the words he wanted.

“Is it…is it bad?”

Gasping as Ellen giggled and turned the internal light on in the car Daniel’s eyes shot immediately to her crotch as she pushed her bag and anorak into the footwell and pulled up her long top. Reaching over for his hand she moved it to her upper legs letting Daniel not only see but also feel the wetness that was very obvious all down her leggings. Feeling down to her knees he gently moved his hand back up to the top of her legs before nodding to Ellen.

“May I?”

Seeing her smile and nod he eagerly fondled her still wet crotch with his mouth dropping open in shock and delight.

“You’re still so wet.”

“It’s not just wee.”

“I think we’d better go home don’t you?”

“Yes please. You should have seen the puddle under my seat Daniel. It was like the river Clyde. Every time the train tilted or turned a corner it ran further all over the carriage. I’m sure everyone in the carriage guessed someone had had a very big accident. It was quite exciting thinking it was me. Imagine if someone saw it and found it sexy. That’s quite a turn on I think.”

“Oft Ellen! It’s so brilliant to have you back. You’ve made me so hard already! I can’t even tell you how badly I've been wanting you. I’d love to hear all about how it went in Dundee today but you’ll have to excuse me if I have something else on my mind first. Fuck you are so sexy

Ellen Hemmingdale. I can barely think straight to drive! Come on lights! Some of us are in a hurry to get home here!”

*473*2024-05-31 23:40

Ellen gets horny in the train and car

Holding her phone tightly on her knee Ellen was so conscious of the pool of pee at her feet as she lifted one foot then slowly put it back down hearing the liquid splash as she did so. Her bottom felt so wet and warm too as she tried to imagine how soaked the crotch of her leggings must be. With the daylight beginning to fade outside already she used the internal lights of the carriage to raise one leg just enough to examine the wet streaks all down the inside of her leggings. Placing the raised leg over the other, like that was what she’d intended doing all along, she gazed out the window absently wondering what Daniel was doing and how he might be feeling knowing she’d wet herself.

As the train pulled into Stirling and the passenger composition changed Ellen couldn’t help but think about who might be sitting behind her. Pushing her bag and jacket over as close to the window as she could she could now see that her large pool of pee was drifting and moving backwards on the carriage floor in a stream carried by the swaying of the train. Would it be obvious it was urine or would someone just think it was a spillage of a drink or something? As the train pulled out the station again heading towards Glasgow Ellen avoided all eye contact with anyone as she tried listening closely for any hint that any of the passengers had guessed someone on board had had an accident. Other than a loud comment from someone behind her somewhere saying ‘watch out’, which she reasoned could be for any number of things, she had nothing to prove that anyone other than the smartly dressed woman beside her knew what had happened.

Knowing she was getting closer to Glasgow Ellen began focussing her thoughts more on Daniel again until a younger woman in jeans and a fitted jumper pushed down the narrow walkway towards the door to the toilet opposite where Ellen was sitting. This was the first person Ellen had seen try to access it since she had when she boarded back in Dundee. Turning to watch the woman Ellen guessed by her body language that, like her, she’d clearly tried waiting hoping she’d last until her destination but then decided that really wasn’t wise. Hearing her pulling at the door handle while she read the out of order notice her sigh and annoyance was tangible. Thinking she could hear a very frustrated sigh from the woman Ellen turned her eyes quickly back to the window as she heard the woman turn and return to her seat.

Her thoughts now instantly returning to her own accident she let her mind wander to very private personal thoughts wondering how many other in the carriage may be holding full bladders and thinking what others might think if they knew the large spreading puddle that was still spreading all over the carriage in multiple directions had once been the contents of her very full bladder.

Would that disgust anyone or could there possibly be someone for whom the thought of someone wetting themselves in desperation was as erotic as it was to her? What about the smartly dressed woman next to her who had been so understanding and supportive when it happened? What if she was also thinking sexy thought in relation to what she’d witnessed earlier? The thought that a stranger might find her situation and the fact she was still sitting in wet pants and leggings a turn on was hugely arousing for Ellen. It wasn’t helped at all by the warmth and dampness between her legs which was so comforting but so sexy too. Knowing full well that her boyfriend would find the whole thing very hot the anticipation of seeing Daniel again was only proving to arouse Ellen even more.

Hearing an announcement at last that they were finally approaching Queen Street station Ellen leaned down to pick up her anorak and bag noticing thankfully that both appeared dry now. Not wanting anyone to see her wet clothing she happily stayed on her seat while others began standing ready to alight. Feeling flushed from a mixture of embarrassment and excitement she waited until the train was fully stationary before standing up and squeezing past the empty seat beside her into the aisle. Focussed on the double doors of the carriage to make her way out she couldn’t help but hear a woman’s voice.

“We need to find the ladies right away. I’m nearly about to wet myself!”

The male reply sent shivers down Ellen’s spine as she felt her pants dampening with mucus.

“Watch your feet. Looks like someone else already did. Oh my God that’s some puddle that!”

Feeling her heart fluttering and her face redden Ellen followed behind the crowd and out the train doors onto the cold dark platform looking around for any signs of Daniel. Thinking she could perhaps see him at the very end of the platform she flowed with the crowd until near enough to almost touch him as she smiled at the thought that he hadn’t noticed her.

“Hi Daniel!”

The beam of his face and excitement in his eyes thrilled Ellen as he threw his arms around her and held her tightly leaning down to kiss her affectionately and lovingly. Buoyed by his welcome Ellen returned the kiss passionately as her hormones soared and her desire for Daniel magnified. Letting him take her bag and jacket she entwined her fingers in his as they walked hand in hand through the station atrium towards George Square. Seeing Daniel’s car parked on the opposite side of the road Ellen felt so content to finally be back in Glasgow at last. Waiting for the three laned roundabout to clear enough that they could cross she allowed Daniel to take the lead as he opened the passenger door for her and gently placed her bag and jacket at her feet. Automatically pulling her belt on ready she smiled seeing she was sitting on a towel as she watched Daniel walk in front of the car to get into the driver’s side.

Safely in the car together Ellen felt so unbelievably happy and naughty knowing that her clothes were still wet from her earlier accident. Letting her eyes move to Daniel’s crotch even as she thought about her own her grin grew wider at seeing just how long and hard he clearly was. Longing to touch and feel him when they got home his rampant eyes and open mouth convinced her that Daniel was every bit as horny as she was. Following his gaze she knew right away what he was thinking.

“Is it…is it bad?

Eager to let his see and feel for himself Ellen pushed her belongings further under the footwell then pulled her longer top up to show off her still wet and warm crotch and streaked damp leggings. The touch of Daniel’s warm hand on her knee, upper leg and thigh sent electricity surging through her body like lightning as the anticipation of what might come next increased her libido and desires exponentially. Following the direction of his warm large hands as they travelled upwards Ellen had no hesitation in nodding her agreement for him to proceed further.

“You’re still so wet.”

“It’s not just wee.”

“I think we’d better go home don’t you?”

Nodding again Ellen guessed it was taking all Daniel’s self control to remove his hand onto the steering wheel as he started the engine and joined the flow of traffic in the direction of the M8. Driving over the river Clyde Ellen began telling Daniel about the huge puddle she made in the train carriage, likening it to the long windy river flowing through the city and beyond, and how she wondered if any of the passengers might have guessed what it was and found it sexy. Going on to share more about how absolutely bursting she’d been and how she’s endeavoured to hold on but couldn’t she knew from how Daniel was driving and how sweaty his forehead was that her every word was making him hornier and hornier. The problem was that it wasn’t just him who felt like that as she slid a hand between her legs and rubbed herself gently, enjoying greatly the sensation of her wet pants and leggings against her sensitive excited vaginal lips.

She was hungry and thirsty but all that could wait because the second they were home she knew neither of them would be able to contain themselves. In fact if the journey took too much longer she might even orgasm before she got there!

*474*2024-06-04 22:38

Not forgotten about this. Circumstances are making it difficult to write at present but I promise to bring you another chapter in the next few days x

*475*2024-06-06 23:59

Daniel rewards Ellen for her train accident

Joining onto the M8 Daniel drove in autopilot as his mind filled with thoughts of Ellen and what he wanted to do to her. Still at the tail end of rush hour the motorway was slow and stop, with each delay only succeeding to intensify his sexual need. Rubbing at his hard on whenever he could he glanced over at Ellen several times and gasped at seeing her hand between her thick legs and hearing the squelching as she openly played with her own body.

By the time he finally pulled into Hillington Gardens he wanted to scream with unfulfilled and urgent need as he struggled to remain composed enough to steer the car safely down the side of his house. Pressing on the brake and pulling that handbrake up Daniel immediately moved his hand over to Ellen’s body as he fondled her thighs and upper leg yearning for so much more. Getting out the car in the dark he ran around the front to the passenger side and pulled open the door for Ellen. Taking her hand he pressed to lock the car again as he pulled the woman he lusted after so much closer to his back door. 

With the outside light now beaming down at them he gently guided Ellen under its bright light so he could examine more closely how wet and discoloured her leggings were from her wetting. Wishing he could photograph the scene in front of him, knowing full well that if he did he’d look back on it and immediately need to cum, he pulled Ellen back in for a deep enticing kiss before finally unlocking the door to let them both in.

They had barely set foot over the door frame when Daniel was already pulling Ellen’s top off and fondling her vast beautiful breasts even as he rubbed his hard on against her thigh. Hanging his own coat over the back of a dining chair he pulled his own top urgently over his head before rushing back over to Ellen with his trousers by his feet as he ran his hands down Ellen’s sides right from under her arms all the way down to her knees. Moving inwards he then explored Ellen’s knees upwards from her inside leg to her sopping wet warm crotch. Having a good stroke over her wet leggings and pants he then smiled and winked at Ellen before proceeding to pull down her leggings peeling them slowly down her waist, then her thighs then her lower leg. Helping her step out of them he loved having Ellen’s head lean on his chest as he sniffed her hair and pulled back some stray ends from her face.

“Oh baby you must have had to go so so badly earlier. I wish I had been there to help you. I really do.”

“Oh Daniel how I wish you had been there too! But you’re here now and I know you’ll make it all better for me won’t you?”

The hint of submission, of surrender, of asking him to do something for her, pressed something inside Daniel as he pulled Ellen tightly into his arms loving the firmness of her body against his very thick erect dick which was now stretching the fabric of his boxers beyond where they should go.

“What if I show you just how truly wonderful and amazing you are darling? Would you like that?”

“Mmmm. Yes please.”

Now satisfied he had consent something instantly changed as he pushed Ellen lovingly away, ripped down his boxers, stepped out his clothing and dived towards Ellen’s vagina. Kneeling on the kitchen floor looking up to her wet knickers he pulled them down quickly and clumsily shaking with sexual need. Initially rubbing and exploring with his hand he then couldn’t resist shuffling nearer on his knees until he could lean up and lick where a huge waterfall of wee had pummelled out from her body earlier that evening on a busy train. Egged on by the luscious alluring noises coming from Ellen he then stood back up completely naked and wrapped his arms around Ellen to access the clips on her bra. Unclipping the material and sliding it off of her body Daniel leaned in to whisper to the girl of his dreams.

“Here or upstairs?”

Seeing her index finger pointing upwards Daniel smiled and nodded then lead Ellen through the living room and upstairs to his bedroom. Encircling her large body he suckled at her nipples until they grew and went red then pressed a hand between them and gently pushed Ellen back down onto the bed. With her feet straddled over the end he climbed up beside her and resumed kissed and licking her now open and throbbing vagina before straddling over her open legs until his throbbing aching dick was in line with her open body. Thrusting inside Daniel leaned down over Ellen as the words trundled out without thought or premeditation.

“I love you Ellen. I love everything about you. I love these bountiful breasts of yours and your shapely full body. I love your thick gorgeous hair and your luscious lips. But do you know what I love even more than that? This bit here. This huge bladder of yours that when full causes you to fidget and squirm and bounce and twist and turn, all of which makes me want so desperately. Oh darling, am I pressing a little too hard? There’s not a bit more still hiding in there is there? Maybe some dribbles or drops you’ve held back especially just for me? What if I press like this? Is that the face of someone trying to hold back their urine again? Oh my baby you don’t need to be in any discomfort any more. I’m not hurting you pushing in and out like this am I? Don’t let my penis stop you doing any more pee pee if you want to. You’re safe with me my precious.

Oh. That feels so good. So warm and wet. Oh fuck that’s awesome that is. That’s it. You let it all come out now. Mmmm. Oh baby you must have been so bursting on that train and now you’re still going again here.”

Feeling his hormones surging and his dick getting more and more excited even as Ellen let out more warm wet wee all around him as he thrust faster and faster inside her Daniel sensed his ability to hold back was slipping quickly. Hearing Ellen’s pleasurable moans and feeling her body shaking with desire he pushed and thrust deeper and firmer as he felt the all too familiar explosion at the tip of his penis. Frozen with satisfaction and the culmination of hours of horniness he smiled down at Ellen as he watched her body climax loudly and obviously as he swept back some sweaty hair from her face then leaned down to kiss her cheek.

Having not heard Ellen say much since they came upstairs Daniel loved hearing her soft tender voice as she licked her lips to moisten them before opening her mouth.

“Will your bed be ok Daniel? I had a little accident again.”

“Don’t ever worry about that my darling. There’s a waterproof protection on the mattress but right now I wouldn’t even care if it was ruined. I needed that so badly my testicles were even groaning. I’ve been edging for hours ever since you got on that train in Dundee. Now how about we put these bed sheet in the wash, have a shower and then you can tell me all about how it went today over dinner? I don’t know about you but I’m suddenly starving!”

“Can you help me up? That sounds great.”

Pulling Ellen up Daniel felt a dull ache in his belly. Instinctively rubbing it he had to suddenly move his hand to pinch his dick as a very powerful, almost overwhelming, urgency to piss consumed his entire body. Turning and dashing to the ensuite he could already feel liquid surging down his urethra and pulling inside his swollen aching penis. Dripping urine on the tiled floor his eyes bulged at the sight of the toilet as he frantically tried to reach it in time. Letting his tight grip go he watched as a powerful double stream soared into the pan just as Ellen joined him from behind and wrapped her large arms around his waist.

“Sometimes it comes on really strong doesn’t it? I do adore seeing you bursting you know.”

Having to concentrate fully on pissing to do his best to aim the flow into the toilet Daniel smiled to himself at Ellen’s words. They really couldn’t be more sexually compatible if they tried!

Flushing and washing his hands he turned back round to his naked beauty and winked at her.

“Care to join me in the shower then I’ll put dinner on? I really do want to know how everyone got on in their new flats. I’ve been thinking of them all all day.”

Eyeing up Ellen’s adorable body from head to toe he reached out for her hand as he walked closer to the shower and turned it on.

“Ok so I’ve mostly been thinking of you to be honest but I do still want to hear about your day. It’s not too hot is it?”

“It’s perfect Daniel. Just like you.”

*476*2024-06-09 23:58

Ellen reaps the reward of her wetting

Edging herself closer and closer to climax in the car Ellen read every overhead gantry and every signpost in the hope they were somehow getting closer to Hillington. The longer the journey was taking the more she feared her body might orgasm as every tingle and touch sent fiery sensations throughout her anatomy. Forcing herself to slow down her pressing and playing she smiled when Daniel turned the car finally into Hillington Gardens and hurriedly pulled down the side of his house. As he swiftly jumped out the car and rushed around to help her out her heart shuddered in her chest with anticipation and excitement. Letting Daniel pull her down towards his back door she giggled as he stood her under the bright outdoor light as his eyes widened with lust at seeing the colour of her leggings under the shining glow. Their eyes meeting he pulled her in tightly to caress her body and explore her lips as they kissed deeply and longingly.

Eager and burning with longing Ellen couldn’t wait to get inside when Daniel finally let her go to unlock the door. Stepping in first Daniel had barely closed the door when he dived towards her and pulled her top hurriedly over her head tossing in onto the dining table like he had no thought for it ever again. Clumsily taking his own coat off and hanging it over a dining chair Ellen stared at him in adoration as he undid his trousers and pulled his own top over his head not even bothering to undo any buttons like he normally would. Leaning over towards her Ellen’s body warmed quickly as Daniel placed his firm hot hands over her bra and fondled at the breasts beneath them like he needed her so badly. Feeling his hard on rubbing against her upper leg blood pumped around Ellen’s body quickly making her giddy with want and sexual desires. Meeting Daniel’s lips with hers again she overflowed with passion as her pants filled with sticky mucus making her vagina ooze and throb with readiness.

Having Daniel then stand up and feel her body from the top of her arms right down to her ankles like she was being searched at an airport Ellen relaxed under his touch as her body shook with hunger for the hands that caressed her. When he reached the bottom of her legs and proceeded to move his hands to her inner legs the dampness of her leggings against the hairs of her leg reminding her of her earlier accident made her head spin with lust and leeriness. 

She was ready, more than ready, and the cheeky wink Daniel gave her made her dizzy with desire so much so she rested her head forward onto Daniel’s chest as his hands teased closer and closer to the crotch of her wet leggings and pants. Feeling him now pulling the leggings down Ellen used his body to help her balance giving Daniel full control of her lower body. Now only in her bra and peed in pants, and Daniel only in his boxers, Ellen looked up to gaze at every little feature she adored of Daniel’s handsome face as he spoke to her tenderly and enticingly.

“Oh baby you must have had to go so so badly earlier. I wish I had been there to help you. I really do.”

“Oh Daniel how I wish you had been there too! But you’re here now and I know you’ll make it all better for me won’t you?”

She meant that so sincerely as the embarrassment and shame of what she had done made her blush. She was a professional older woman who should have known better but the comfort of now being with Daniel was most definitely starting to heal the memory quickly and transform what had been a shocking fearful event into something that was now exciting and rewarding.

“What if I show you just how truly wonderful and amazing you are darling? Would you like that?”

Imagining that Daniel was about to make love to her finally Ellen’s heart burned at the thought and the hairs on her arms stood up in anticipation. It wasn’t a question of wanting any more, it was needing more than she needed her next breath! Expecting to move to the living room or bedroom Ellen gasped as Daniel let her go, stepped out his own underwear revealing a luscious long thick black dick, then surprisingly knelt down under her broad open legs and proceeded to stroke and explore her sodden hot vagina with his hands, fingers and then his tongue! Unable to remain quiet Ellen squealed and moaned in delight and ecstasy as her large curvy body shook with sexual tension and eagerness. 

On the cusp of orgasm yet again she closed her eyes to intensify every single feeling and thought as she shook and vibrated all of her own accord as the warmth and wetness and length of Daniel’s tongue tickled and tortured areas of her vagina she’d forgotten ever existed. Literally on the edge of climax suddenly Daniel stopped, stood up, and casually hugged her then with his arms behind her she felt him unclipping her bra and sliding it off her arms and breasts even as their eyes met with burning passion as Daniel’s husky voice confirmed his need was every bit as urgent as her own.

“Here or upstairs?”

Thinking the bed would be the most comfortable and private Ellen pointed upstairs then let Daniel lead her by the hand naked through the lounge and up the stairs directly to his large welcoming bedroom. Standing by the end of the bed as they stared at each other in gawping lust Ellen didn’t even resist when Daniel playfully pushed her back onto the bed. climbed up beside her and continued with his tongue exactly where he’d left off moments before downstairs. With her body more relaxed now she was comfortable lying down Ellen gasped and gawped in response to Daniel’s exploring with his warm wet tongue as he entered her throbbing pussy easily and calmly like this was an ordinary everyday thing to do with his mouth. Now pulling out he straddled over her carefully replacing his tongue with his thicker longer penis as it slid in quickly like a child riding down a steep water slide deep into her body so seamlessly and happily.

The analogy of the water slide seemed so thoroughly fitting as gloops of mucus sopped out from between Ellen’s legs as Daniel thrust in and out of her open soaking vagina making Ellen shudder with sexual pleasure. The sense of finally getting to orgasm, to climax after so many hours of wanting and needing and longing and sitting in warm wet underwear and leggings, was right at the apex when Daniel pressed on her bladder sending waves of pleasurable and pleasant pressure down towards her urethra causing a little warm dribble of pee to leak out unconsciously.

Listening to Daniel’s alluring seductive voice as he expressed so clearly and beautifully how much he loved her body and especially her bladder and her squirming when she had to pee, Ellen felt his hand leaning down again on her poor bladder even as he thrust in and out of her throbbing hungry pussy. Realising quite suddenly that she actually still had a fair amount of urine still sloshing around inside her Ellen could no longer control her body as her crotch grabbed and squeezed against Daniel’s thick tasty dick as her bladder pushed back and downwards pushing out the left over wee from hours before.

In the height of orgasm Ellen completely and fully relaxed and released giving her all to Daniel as she shook, gasped, grunted and peed simultaneously as her partner and lover’s lips trembled as his dick thrust quicker and harder until he erupted strongly inside her as her warm wee ran down the length of him and dribbled onto the bed beneath them. Trying to steady her breathing from the most intimate intense orgasm she could recall Ellen opened her eyes to see Daniel leaning down to gently kiss her cheek. Feeling her face flushed from what had happened in the heat of the moment Ellen worried about Daniel’s reaction even though he’d said how much he enjoyed it when she had to go.

“Will your bed be ok Daniel? I had a little accident again.”

Seeing Daniel’s smile and the glint in his eye Ellen knew everything was ok even before he spoke.

“Don’t ever worry about that my darling. There’s waterproof protection on the mattress but right now I wouldn’t even care if it was ruined. I needed that so badly my testicles were even groaning. I’ve been edging for hours ever since you got on that train in Dundee. Now how about we put these bed sheet in the wash, have a shower and then you can tell me all about how it went today over dinner? I don’t know about you but I’m suddenly starving!”

Nodding her approval Ellen waited for Daniel to stand up then put her hand out for him to help her up. Standing up and taking a moment to let her head settle to the upright position once again she gazed at Daniel and grinned. The way he was suddenly bent forward gripping himself and looking towards the bathroom told her everything she needed to know. How often she’d masturbated herself to hold back her bursting bladder only to have the urgency return with a vengeance after she’d orgasmed! Had Daniel had to go even before picking her up from the station or had it just came on as it often did after sex? Not really bothered which it was she chuckled to herself at the clumsy urgent way he raced to the bathroom as she briskly followed behind him.

Hearing and seeing him urinate strongly and powerfully into the toilet she wrapped her naked body around the back of his clasping her hands around his waist lovingly.

“Sometimes it comes on really strong doesn’t it? I do adore seeing you bursting you know.”

Letting him go to wash his hands Ellen smiled at Daniel as he turned to smile back at her commenting casually that he still wanted to hear how her day in Dundee went. That seemed like weeks ago already though there was so much she really wanted to share with him. For now though they needed to get cleaned up and get some food in their stomachs and liquid in their bodies. No longer needing to get up early to go to the cruise ship they had plenty time to share about their day in detail to each other. They might not have the refugees in common any longer or be working together but they were very much a couple now and Ellen couldn’t be more happier about that ever.

*477*2024-06-13 00:03

Daniel and Ellen think about the future

Stepping into the shower first Daniel reached for Ellen’s hand to invite her to join him. They were both tired and hungry so handing Ellen her shower gel and shampoo Daniel proceeded to wash his own body and hair quickly before stepping out to get dried and then helping Ellen out and handing her a towel. Leaving Ellen to use the hairdryer if she wanted to he slipped on a clean pair of boxers then noticed his rarely used house coat at the back of his wardrobe. Pulling it off the hanger he pushed his arms into the sleeves and turned around to see Ellen smiling at him.

“You don’t mind if I put my night shirt on too do you?”

“Of course not. You carry on and get dressed and I’ll pop down and put dinner in the oven. Fancy a cuppa?”

“I’d love one. I’ll not be long.”

Heading downstairs bare footed Daniel chuckled to himself thinking how much his dad had loved wearing slippers. For him they had always represented old age but now walking on the cold kitchen tiles barefoot he actually wished for the first time in his life that he possessed a simple pair just to keep his feet warm. Decanting two meals from his mum into overproof dishes, which he had so many of, he turned the oven on and placed the food on the tray. Turning to fill the kettle up with fresh water he looked out the kitchen window to the darkness outside realising just how much later he was eating to normal. No wonder he was starving! It really had been a long day and switching on the kettle it felt like months ago that he’d stood on the Adventurer II waving off the refugees onto the buses and then running out to say goodbye to them all. Wondering how they were all doing in their new flats his mind was miles away when he felt Ellen’s hands around his waist.

“Hey. You ok?”

“Yeah sorry. I was just thinking about all the refugees there and wondering how they were getting on in their new flats.”

“I never did have time to tell you how it went. You’d better sit down with your coffee Daniel. Wait until I tell you what Keith did when we all arrived! Honestly that man is beyond me, he really is.”

Taking the hot drinks over to the dining table Daniel sat opposite Ellen shaking his head in disbelief at Keith once again doing press interviews whilst leaving the refugees outside the caretaker’s flat to fend for themselves without even so much as a welcome! As if that wasn’t enough he felt his jaw open in disgust when Ellen explained that two entire floors of flats hadn’t even been unlocked for their new recipients on their first ever day in Dundee! What sort of welcome was that?

Disappointed to hear that both Jessica and Yeva left Ellen to deal with things alone Daniel so wished he’d been with her for support. Listening intently as Ellen went on to talk about her visit to Tetyana and Dmitro and their new baby daughter, and then Ruslana and Nadia, Daniel drank his coffee feeling so proud and full of admiration for the amazing woman in front of him. Keeping an eye on his watch he let Ellen talk further about the others she saw in Tulloch Court while he turned off the oven and dished up their meal with some Pakora he found in the fridge and some nan bread.

As they ate Daniel felt more than a little concerned hearing how Dmitro hadn’t been aware of the intercom system, Ruslana hadn’t know how to open the windows, and how concerned the midwife had been at the lack of furniture and food that any of the refugees had. Feeling sad and a little guilty that they perhaps hadn’t done enough for everyone he ate his food wondering if any of the residents in Tulloch Court had had a hot meal that night like they were used to on the cruise ship. Content to still leave Ellen to do the lion’s share of talking he took away their empty plates and opened a packet of biscuits onto a plate for them to have for afterwards. Filling up two glasses of water he returned to the table where Ellen looked up to him smiling.

“So I hear you had a bit of an eventful day too judging by your texts earlier? So how did your meeting go then?”

Sighing as he reached for a biscuit Daniel took a second to gather his thoughts.

“So Archie has zero plans for me to actually return to the office. I really don’t know if that was his plan right from the get go or whether he’s just being a dick. It’s hard to tell with Archie. Anyway I’m being transferred to Possil. Or that’s what he hopes will happen. I told him I wasn’t happy but honestly I don’t actually get a say in it despite having worked for the council for 15 years. Utter joke really. I mean Possilpark? I’m assuming you know what that’s like? I guess that’s a bit of a silly question really. Who doesn’t know what poxy Possil is like? He wanted me to start right away but I’ve negotiated some annual leave that I’m overdue so I can weigh up my options and come to Dundee with you next week for your training. That’s if you’d still like that?”

“I’d love that. Didn’t you say you’d been to your mum’s too? Is she ok?”

“I panicked I guess and needed to talk to someone. Not that my mum was particularly helpful.”

“Really? I’d have thought she’d have really been on your side too.”

“That’s my mum for you. She’s more interested in me going back to Mosque and being a good Muslim than she is anything else in life. Apparently if I’d have been attending Mosque more and keeping the five pillars of Islam this wouldn’t have happened to me as Allah would have looked out for me. That’s working a dream for all the Muslims in Iraq and an Iran right now of course isn’t it? Obviously according to my mum’s logic none of them have been keeping the faith enough or there wouldn’t be a war.”

Rolling his eyes at it all Daniel paused to take a sip of water.

“It’s not for me Ellen. That much I already know.”

“So what’s your plans honey?”

“I’m going to take a few days to think about it but maybe it’s time I did something else. First though I owe it to the former residents of the Adventurer II to make sure they are all ok. From what you have just told me they really aren’t and to be honest I’m feeling incredibly guilty about it all right now. Had I known how little support there would be in Dundee I am not sure I’d have agreed to the move. How could no-one have even told them about the door entry system or the hearing or even how to open the windows? What else don’t they know?”

“I’m not sure where to really start on that question Daniel. What I do know though is that we moved some very vulnerable people almost 100 miles away and from what I found out today no-one has even supported them to even register with a GP! Nadia is at least at school but all those wee ones that moved this morning won’t even be registered yet or know where the nearest school or nursery even is. You’re not the only one feeling guilty. Part of me expected to feel a bit lost tonight, you know that feeling when something huge finally comes to an end, but actually I don’t feel like that at all.

I guess I feel angry at how little support Dundee council have put in, I’m frustrated at how long it’s taking them to fill the caretakers role and I’m terrified about so many of the group that moved today. I’m not even employed to support them any more Daniel but I just can’t walk away and pretend they are not my responsibility any more. It’s still not even guaranteed I’ll get the job there but even if I do by the time I start the damage will be done.”

“I know exactly what you mean Ellen. It’s so hard isn’t it? I never ever thought I’d feel like this. It was just meant to be a project, another job. I’ve never felt like this with anything else before.”

“Neither have I Daniel. I’ve been doing some thinking too. If you are really ok with me staying here if I don’t get the Dundee job then I’m definitely going to get the flat sorted tomorrow. I’ll contact my landlord and officially put my notice in and cancel my direct debit for the rent. I know I’ve lost all the contents but I can’t do anything about that. I’d also like to call into the Crisis shop in town and see if Margot is in. It’s only fair I update her the possibility of moving away so she can try and get more volunteers. I’m going to apply for any other jobs I see too. 100% I want the caretakers job but I need to face the fact that I don’t have a job now and do something about that. Then on Friday it’s the final goodbye to the cruise ship. I want to be mentally prepared for that too. I need to keep busy.”

Daniel nodded. Ellen could keep as busy as she wanted to be as long as she was living with him and sleeping in his bed. The thought of her moving to Dundee broke him more now than ever. She was a part of his house now, a huge part of him, and whatever the future held for them both he wasn’t going to let her go. They’d been through so much in just a few short weeks but one thing he was certain of more than anything was that there was something very special about Ellen Hemmingdale and he loved her very much.

