The Desperate Promotion

Author: Markj9494

*000*2021-06-30 18:21

Hey guys, here is my next / previous story. It started over in the Interactives section, but I decided to turn it into a normal story due to limited interaction (by bad design). I explained a lot of the set up over there, so im going to just link it here if you want to know more about the premise and characters although ive made a few tweaks to those after realising the story needed a little bit of a protagonist:

$/67531-the-desperate-promotion/

Some things may have changed a little since then because of the shift in formatting and taking the time to make it a properly flowing story (Hopefully).

The desperate promotion – Part 1 (of 2)

“Have you got it?” Willow asked as the group huddled around their Phones, desperately waiting for the contest to start.

“Not yet” Jana responded, her phone in one hand as she nervously bit into the sparkly painted nails on the other.

“I told you to reset the internet earlier.” Francesca replied bluntly, inspecting the bottom of her beer bottle before setting it down on the table.

“Im on Data and I haven’t got it either.” Victoria replied, cutting short any arguments.

“Anyone want another drink?” Willow asked, putting her phone in her pocket and grabbing her almost empty bottle and tipping the last drops into her mouth. Walking over she placed it down next to the rows of empty beer bottles the group had gone through since gathering here at Roxy’s house a couple of hours earlier.

They had been waiting for this event for days, the VIP tickets on offer the perfect prize for the group who had failed to get tickets in the two minutes they had been available before selling out. They hadn't been to a live gig in a couple of years and they looked forward to re-living their misguided youth.

“Yeah sure” Roxy said, holding up her own empty bottle and swaying it slightly for Willow to grab.

“Concentrate guys, its 20:01 are we sure we signed up correctly. What if our form was wrong?” Francesca asked, could this have all been for nothing.

“I got the email reply that said we were accepted.” Polly said, gently chewing her lip as she watched her phone and refreshed her inbox constantly.

Walking back over with two bottles Willow handed one to Roxy, “That’s the second crate empty” she announced, but it seemed the others were too preoccupied to worry about the number of beers left.

“Oh!” Jana exclaimed, a ding from her phone quickly followed by a number of other tones from each of their phones. They had received the first Clue, the start of the strange scavenger hunt that was between them and their tickets.

“Ok guys, here we go!” Roxy exclaimed happily, fired up by the contest and swigging from her bottle before looking down at the phone.

“A different kind of game?” Victoria said, clearly slightly confused by the cryptic message.

“Is that it?” Francesca added, staring at her phone and scrolling through it.

“Ok, Jana you get up the list of pubs and we can try and figure this out.” Willow replied, sipping from her own bottle and joining Roxy in looking at Jana’s phone.

“Guys the taxi is almost here, its two minutes away.” Polly said, showing her screen of the booked taxi and its location, the small icon of the car shuffling around the map.

“I mean it could be something to do with game animals?” Jana suggested as she checked her purse for everything they would need after losing her phone to Roxy and Francesca. Their eagerness not waiting for her to look over the map before peering in and making it simpler just to give them the phone.

“Shit, well lets get ready to go. If we need too, we can figure it out in the car.” Victoria added, putting her half empty drink down and grabbing her bag.

Looking towards the bathroom Polly wondered if she had time to dash into it, but a beep from outside told her she didn’t. It didn’t really matter, it was just a precautionary pee anyway.

“You sure you have everything?” Francesca asked as she slid her coat on, it felt a little bit odd for them to be dressing so casually on a sort of night out. But, they had all agreed to put the competition first and above all other things. They could always go out next weekend, but this was their one chance to get these tickets!

“Yeah, now come on the taxi is right outside!” Roxy grunted, using a finger to slip her trainers on without undoing the laces.

“One second!” Willow said, upturning her bottle and starting to down the rest of it.

“Come on!” Roxy said smiling, linking her arm around Willows and pulling her towards the door still drinking.

“Good to go” the black-haired woman responded a few moments later, setting the empty bottle on the table by the door as they stepped out.

Stumbling into the large car the group packed themselves in, Francesca jumping in the front with Jana’s phone still in her hand.

“Where too?” The driver asked, causing them to look up and pause. They hadn’t really thought about that, they had been too busy grabbing their things. As always, when they had told Polly they were ready for her to order a taxi, it hadn’t quite been the truth.

“Girls?” Francesca asked handing Jana her phone. It was now or never.

“I don’t know, what about Jacob’s tipple?” Jana replied

“It could be the black grouse?” Victoria added

“That seems a bit obvious though, what about the shrunken head?” Roxy put in, their minds clearly taking them to different answers for the simple yet deceptive question.

“It could be any of them…” Francesca said looking a little disheartened as the group fell silent for a moment.

“Jacobs tipple is just round the corner if you want me to take you there first? I guess you are doing the scavenger hunt tonight?” The young taxi driver asked, clearly reading the room.

“Yeah we are!” Willow said happily.

“And we are going to win!” Victoria added slight tipsily, the alcohol from pre drinks clearly starting to have an impact on her.

“How about I take you to Jacobs tipple and then I can take you wherever you need to go after?” he offered

“That would be amazing!”

“Yeah, thank you so much” Jana added, stuffing her phone back into the small pockets in her jean shorts.

They had never been to Jacob’s tipple despite it being as close as the driver had suggested. A couple of minutes later they were outside the corner pub, groups of people enjoying a pint on the picnic tables near the front of the traditional pub.

“We will be quick!” Francesca shouted back at the cabbie as they burst out of the car and made their way into the pub, hoping their proximity would surge them into the lead.

“So, what do we need to do again?” Victoria checked.

“It says we need to go in and get a drink from the bar and there should be a thing to scan that will give us a code. We then record us drinking outside the pub and upload it to our social media with the code. If its right it will send a new clue and we move onto the next one.”

“Sounds simple enough.” Roxy said nodding. “Lets get the party started!” she laughed, shaking her torso as if dancing to some exotic music. Her strange sense of humour raising their spirits as they found their way to where they could order.

Waiting patiently at the bar, the group were happy to see they looked like they were the first ones here. Although, it shouldn’t have been surprising given they had started just around the corner, if this kept up then they would be certain of victory!

“Hi, we are part of the Blue Wombat promotion.” Victoria said as a barman walked towards them polishing a glass.

“Promotion?” The barman asked, looking a little bemused before Victoria pointed to the bracelet on her wrist. It had come with the pack and information when they signed up, it was probably to stop other people getting a free drink. “Oh right that thing, yeah sorry.” He continued before pulling out a QR code and 6 large cans of Blue Wombat from the bottom of the fridge. Taking a moment to clearly mark off 6 cans on a wall chart pinned to the frazzles board.

“Good luck” he finished off, before moving on to pour a group of regulars several pints of biter.

Shrugging to each other, they each grabbed a pint sized can and rushed out of the pub. Happy to see their taxi man still waiting patiently.

“Ok, and remember to say we love Blue wombat before we start.” Polly said, fumbling with her phone for a few moments. Setting it up on a small wall near the front, they used an ash tray to prop it up and make sure they were all in frame. Hitting record, the group popped open their cans.

“We love Blue Wombat!” they said loudly as they began to chug the drink down.

Despite the happy outburst Polly and Jana couldn’t help but blush slightly as the public display of extroverted behaviour caught the attention of several people sat nearby. An elderly couple shaking their heads at the young women who were clearly having too much fun for their liking. At least the drink itself was amazing! It tasted like fruit juice with almost no sense of the alcohol inside it. It even managed to cover up the acidic tang their basic energy drinks had.

“All right ladies, lets take the lead!” Roxy said, burping loudly and getting a death stare from the old woman smoking on the other side of them, muttering something under her breath.

Stopping the recording Polly quickly scanned the QR code which generated a hashtag that she added to the post before uploading it.

“So now what?” Francesca asked as the group gathered around the phone.

“Well, they are supposed to be scanning posts they are tagged in for hashtags, like our name and then code we just got so that…..

*Bing*

“There we go….what…we were wrong!?” Polly said, recoiling from her phone as if it had just somehow insulted her.

“Did you do it right?” Francesca added, her tone a little harsher than she probably meant it to be as they grouped around the phone in disbelief.

“Yes, look” Polly said handing her phone over.

“Come on guys, lets not argue, lets just head to the next place.” Willow added calmly, her face still a picture of optimism and enjoyment despite the setback.

“Yeah, that only took us 5 minutes. I am sure people will live outside of town and have to travel in. We are probably still high up if we get to the next place quickly.” Jana added, hoping to dispel any angst the group was feeling towards each other. They were a team, they were sure to make mistakes along the way so it was important to remember that.

“To the Black grouse inn!” Victoria shouted as she took charge and pointed towards the taxi still waiting for them.

Going across town at this time of night was always difficult, but they seemed to have lucked out with their driver. Every time they came to traffic he would swerve off the main road and down some narrow streets before emerging closer to their destination. He certainly seemed to have a really good grasp of the roads and how to avoid any bottlenecks. A fortunate turn of events as they now had to go all the way across town.

Leaving old town behind they crossed into Glendale, something that was puzzling to Roxy as she watched the buildings blur past. The Black grouse was in the Seafront district, why were they going this way? But, her questions were soon answered as they crossed the road she would have taken them along only to see bumper to bumper traffic. He had taken them through the residential area and avoided the influx of students and people heading to the town for a night of drinking.

“Should be there in two minutes” Their driver announced pulling off the main road, but even his mighty navigation skills couldn’t get them out of what was now ahead of them.

“Oh crap.” Jana said as they came to a standstill, the others smiling slightly at her innocent exclamation from their blonde friend. But they quickly disappeared as they spotted the same thing she had, going up the road for the final half a mile was a line of taxi’s and cars including the other competitors!

“At least that means we have to be in the right place?” Roxy pointed out. “Come on Victoria, lets put those muscles to some good use. We can walk from here, but thank you so much!” she added from the middle seat, slapping Victoria on the leg playfully and indicating that she should get out.

“No problem” The driver smiled, holding up a contactless card machine, another blessing as Francesca could just swipe her apple pay and it would save her dealing with cash. Every second would count, and that would have been at least a minute or two.

Walking quickly past the line of cars, they could see many of the groups holding phones displaying the same app they were using, they were in the right place! But behind them a couple of other teams were now getting out, clearly seeing them walk past and deciding they were onto something.

Moving towards the bouncer a few minutes later they held out their bracelets causing him to roll his eyes but waved them in amongst the other patrons.

“We love blue wombat!” A group shouted loudly as they approached the front of the pub. The young group of students clearly enjoying themselves and dressed up for a night on the town, a rookie mistake Roxy thought to herself. There was no way they would beat them in their tight dresses and high heels, Roxy and the others were dressed for comfort and it would be easy to last the entire night without so much as breaking a sweat.

Inside it was packed, but it seemed that most people were not taking part in the hunt at least. With those that were, quickly grabbing their cans from the bar and running out the front to record themselves drinking them.

Stepping aside as another group barged their way out, they joined the back of 3 other groups waiting for their cans.

Unlike the last place, it seemed the bar woman was actually scanning all their bracelets. A much better way of showing how many had come and drunk at their pub, but for them it meant more time wasted.”

“Hey, do you think we have time for me to run to the ladies?” Polly asked quietly, her bladder not enjoying the jostling it had received in the taxi. It was a little embarrassing to admit her need this early in the night, but since they seemed to have some time to burn she might get away with it.

“Can you hold it till the next place? I think we should make the most of this and try and get ahead of a couple of these teams.” Jana whispered back.

“Yeah, I think they will need to scan your wrist too.” Victoria added a little louder as one of the groups moved past them giggling slightly and holding their cans.

“Yeah sure, no problem.” Polly replied, smiling back at them. She didn’t need to go yet. It could wait, she told herself. But she knew from experience that the building pressure inside her bladder would not be able to be put off for too long and would begin to escalate quickly as they continued to drink. She had always envied the others whose bladders seemed to be able to cope with so much more than hers.

Standing there the group waited for the five in front of them to get scanned, Francesca tapping her foot lightly on the floor while Victoria seemed to be fidgeting slightly. Did they need to pee too Polly wondered, at least she wasn’t alone. It would be a bit awkward to ask again, but if someone else asked she could just join in with them.

“Next” The bar woman shouted, getting them to hold out their wrists one by one and scanning the little barcode on them. “6 beers” She said coldly before grabbing 6 from the room temperature box on the bar and noisily clunking them on the wood.

Not waiting for any more delays the group grabbed them and ran.

“Sorry guys, going to have to crab another crate. I’ll be back in a couple of minutes.” The barwoman told the next team, causing Victoria to smile as they broke out of the packed building and out into the clear night.

“We love Blue wombat!” Yet another group cheered next to them, it seemed several teams had gotten ahead of them during their detour.

“Why don’t we go over there.” Jana said, pointing out a recess a little bit away from the pub, somewhere they would have more privacy.

Shuffling over they repeated their trick with their phone, this time with a little rock and soon began drinking their second pint. They were continuing to be pleasantly surprised by just how good it tasted, a relief considering they didn’t know how many of these they would be drinking tonight.

“Right then, I mean this should be right.” Polly said, her legs jiggling slightly as she waited for the reply.

“Yessss” She exclaimed happily, causing Roxy and Victoria to high five.

“Ok to what does it say?” The others asked as they huddled around the phone.

“A sharp turn of events” Polly said quizzically. “So what are we thinking this time?”

“Well, a sharp turn could be to do with a wagon wheel?” Willow said pointing to the Gypsy Wagon on the map.

“But what about The Lemon Bar? A sharp taste?” Francesca suggested.

“Ooooh that sounds good! But really it could be either of them”

“Should we get a Taxi?” Polly asked, her legs bowing together slightly as the pressure in her bladder increased. The last can of drink had been difficult to down as quickly as the others, her need to pee making it 10 times harder. Now that the drinks had started to make their presence known, she just wanted to get somewhere quickly so she could pee.

“I mean, there might be a problem with that plan” Jana said, indicating to the long line of cars and taxi’s struggling to get into the place and then out again.

“Why don’t we walk? The Lemon bar is just along the seafront, it would probably be quicker anyway.” Victoria brought up while twisting slightly awkwardly in place.

“Walk?” Polly asked nervously.

“Yeah, its less than a mile away. We will be there in no time.” She said confidently, although the others didn’t share this optimism. But looking at one another, none of them could think of anything better to do. At least if they walked, they would still be making progress instead of just standing around for a few minutes. Although Polly had kind of hoped that if they had chosen to wait she might have convinced them to let her pee now.

Thankfully for Polly, the constant moving was levelling off her desperation at a manageable level as they started towards the seafront. The costal path just a few minutes away and it would take them directly to where they wanted to go.

However, a couple of minutes later there was something that she and the increasingly desperate looking Victoria hadn’t thought about. Cresting the hill that led down to the towns beech, the sound of rushing water and crashing waves met their ears.

“Oh god” Polly whispered quietly to herself as she felt her bladder tighten reflexively. Shortening her steps Polly slowed slightly, stuck between wanting to get their as quickly as possible but also trying to distress her bladder as little as possible.

Thankfully it seemed that she wasn’t the only one being impacted by it, Francesca and even Jana seemed to be walking slower than usual. Although, while Francesca was looking a little tense, Jana seemed fine. Maybe her friend was just better at hiding her need, but knowing she was not alone made Polly feel a little better.

Jana always loved the sea, the stroll along the seafront brining a smile to her face as they walked. To her right she watched the sunset over the horizon, a large container ship silhouetted against the red skyline. The calming sound of the waves overcoming the competitiveness of what they were doing and making part of her wish she could just stay on the beach forever.

Further forwards Victoria was almost marching off without them, her natural fitness and increasing need to pee causing her to walk faster than normal. Just like Polly, the constant crashing of the waves was causing her some strife internally, her mind never far from her need to pee and unable to distract itself.

“Hey guys, can we get a picture?” Jana suggested cheerily.

“We are in a race.” Victoria laughed, the group stopping for a moment and causing her to sigh to herself.

“Come on, look out there. The sunset looks so nice, just one Photo.” Jana asked, pouting slightly.

“Yeah, its super pretty.” Willow joined in.

“I mean its been a while since we have had a nice one.” Roxy gave in, apparently casting the winning vote as the others grouped around each other on the seafront. Rolling her eyes a little Victoria walked up behind them, stooping slightly and resting a hand on her thigh.

“Smile everyone!” Jana said as she did her sweetest smile, holding her phone up to take a group selfie.

*click*

“See, was that so bad. Now we have a memory that will last us a lifetime.” She added as she lowered her phone, inspecting the nice group photo.

“I don’t think that’s how memories work.” Francesca joked before a strange look overcame her face for a moment.

Starting to walk again the group seemed to split in two, with Victoria, Roxy and Willow walking a little quicker than the others. While Polly’s filling bladder, Francesca and Jana fell a little behind as Jana cycled through the possible filters for her photo on Instagram.

It only took them about 15 minutes for the front three to reach the bar, the others lagging a minute or so behind. Victoria’s pace even speeding up in the last few hundred meters as she neared the establishment. Her rapidly filling bladder causing her to power walk her way up to it.

Going through the large glass doors they found themselves in a relatively busy bar, yellow neon lemon lights signalling the way to the bar.

Looking through the crowds Victoria took note of the sign to the ladies up the stairs next to them. When the others caught up she would have to ask one of the others to take her place as she nipped to the loo. It wasn’t too bad yet but she was starting to feel the extra couple of glasses of water she had to combat the alcohol. She was working tomorrow morning and did not want a hangover, especially when she was doing circuit training. Something that brought up a good point… “Do you guys know what percentage these things are? Should we be worried about getting drunk?” she asked as they took their place in line, three other groups standing ahead of them and another joining just behind them.

“You should never be worried about getting drunk.” Roxy smiled, nudging her slightly. “But I think they are only 3%, so that shouldn’t be a problem even for Polly.”

Exchanging smiles they could both remember the last time their friend had gotten drunk and her rather public singing display that they still teased her about now a couple of years later.

Meanwhile, outside Polly couldn’t help but smile for another reason as she spotted the sign for the bar. She was almost there and not a moment too soon. Her muscles had been sending her warning signs for the last couple of minutes as her bladder seemed to be heating up inside her. A strange warm tingling sensation giving her a general sense of unease as in her peripheral she watched the sea churn against the sea wall.

“After you” Jana said, holding the door open for the three stragglers.

“You guys go ahead, I think im going to nip to the ladies.” Polly said quietly as she ducked inside.

“We need you to scan your bracelet, can you go after?” Jana asked as she followed the others in.

“I…Im sorry but I really need to go. It will take me 2 minutes.” Polly blushed, she wasn’t usually one to push her own wants above others, but this situation was getting dire. If she knew where the next place was and how long it would be, she might have been convinced. But given the unknown timeframe of everything, she didn’t want to be caught short.

“Ok, but be quick.” Francesca added, a twinge from her own bladder making her think about going up after Polly. But shrugging it off, the pair looked around for the others.

Rushing up the stairs Polly supported her bladder as it jostled around inside her. Dodging out of the way of a couple holding hands she rounded the corner of the stairs, following the signs to the lady’s room. Opening the first door she was met with a line of other women standing around and chatting.

“Oh god.” Polly whispered to herself again as she tensed her muscles and stood up straight. Despite needing to pee she didn’t want to attract any attention from those waiting in line. She would die with embarrassment if they saw her dancing around like a little girl, even if that was what she really wanted to do. Joining the back of the que she pursed her lips and pressed her legs together, hopefully this wont take too long or the others might get annoyed.

“Finally…wait where is Polly?” Roxy asked as Francesca and Jana joined them

“She’s gone to the ladies, be down in a second.” Jana filled her and the others in.

“Really, couldn’t she have waited until after?” Victoria asked, her own legs jiggling slightly.

“I mean, she did ask at the last place. At least this way we got ahead of a few groups.” Jana defended their friend.

Taking a couple of steps forwards a few minutes later, they were next after the group currently being served. This bar offering a similar bar code scanning as the last one but seemingly having some technical difficulties.

“Well, she better hurry up or we are going to have to wait for her to go through the line on her own.” Victoria said, her knees slowly banging into each other as she stood in line. Now without the relief of walking her bladder seemed to be getting heavier as the last couple of drinks made their way through to her

“Next!” The barman shouted at them a minute later.

Exchanging looks they were unsure what to do, Polly still hadn’t come down and the line was only getting longer as more and more groups caught up with them.

“Im sorry one of our group is peeing.” Francesca said rather bluntly to the man.

“Well, either hold out your wrists or let another group through.” He responded.

“Cant we just…”

“Next!” He interrupted, waving another group towards the bar. One of the other group smirking at them as they took their place in line and in the contest.

“Fuck” Roxy muttered under her breath, they could quite literally see their lead slipping away.

“Guys, im so sorry. There was a big que.” Polly came back, her bladder empty but her cheeks flushed a few moments later. The relief on the toilet had been immense, but she couldn’t enjoy it knowing she was letting her friends down.

“Good, you peeing has already cost us a place.” Francesca replied.

“Im sorry, I just really needed it.” Polly said, looking down at her feet, her red ears poking through her matching hair as she tried to avoid eye contact with her friends.

“Hey, don’t worry about it guys. Im sure we will all need to go at some point, one place isn’t too bad. Plus, its still early on.” Willow said softly, putting her arm on Polly’s shoulder.

“Next!” The barman shouted again and without hesitating Victoria threw her arm up so he could scan her code. She didn’t want to lose any more time or places in this pub.

“Six cans of Blue wombat.” The barman said unenthusiastically as he pulled them out of the stocked fridge behind the counter.

“Thank you!” Jana said politely despite his actions as he handed them a can each. Gripping the cold cans the group squeezed through the growing crowd as more and more people caught up with them. Backtracking their way in Victoria paused as the bottom of the stairs under the sign she had seen earlier.

“Hey, I need to pee, I will be right back!” Victoria said as she went to hand Roxy her can.

“What, no way. Why didn’t you go with Polly, we have already lost at least one place.” Roxy replied.

“Well I didn’t know she was going to pee.” Victoria replied, still holding out her can and waiting for Roxy to take it.

“I mean, in Polly’s defence she did warn us at the last place.” Roxy said, seemingly changing sides of the argument.

Next to them Francesca wanted to agree with Victoria, her bladder steadily filling and meaning she would usually have leapt at the chance to go with her. But after everything they had just said to Polly it would probably have been a little hypocritical….But then again if Victoria could worm her way out of this one she wouldn’t say no.

“Come on I really need to pee.” Victoria said, bobbing on the spot for a moment to emphasise the point.

“All of a sudden?” Willow asked with a raised eyebrow.

“Well no I needed to go before, but I just…didn’t say anything.”

“If Polly can hold it to the next place then you can too!” Roxy said, before turning Victoria away from the stairs and towards the exit. “Besides, she already said there was a que so you would have to wait anyway.”

“But….” Victoria tried briefly before giving up and letting Roxy lead her out. It wouldn’t be too long to the next place, would it.

Walking out of the bar the cool air hit the group now that the sun had set, for Polly it was the refreshing air she needed but for a couple of the others it seemed to make their desperation worse.

“Oh my god you Clutts, that’s my Phone!!” A shout came from ahead of them. The smirking girl from the group that had passed them was now knelt holding a clearly smashed phone. The others stifling their laughs except one who had their hands over their face, the likely phone dropper.

“How are we supposed to upload it now! We are going to have to get more cans since we have drunk the others.” The woman continued, brandishing the smashed phone.

“Well that’s one less to worry about.” Francesca muttered as they passed. A glare from a couple of them clearly showing they had heard that remark but knowing Francesca that was probably the point.

“Over there” Jana pointed to a low wall where they could do their entry.

“We Love Blue Wombat!” They shouted in unison as the cracked open their drinks and began to chug.

Anyone watching them as they tipped their heads back would have been able to see the visible shudder from Victoria, while both Willow and Francesca seemed to be standing far more rigidly than they had been previously. Although, a smile still beamed across Willow’s face as it always seemed too, despite the beers and now three pints of energy drink flowing through her and all of their systems.

Uploading the footage, they all celebrated as the ding sounded once more, they had been right!

Now the next clue was displayed across the screen, the small number in the corner showing them they had managed to get all the way up to 9th place.

“A bit of a circus position, so its clearly either Piccadilly or the Dandy lion right?” Francesca said as they looked over the map. The group collectively deciding it had to either mean the animal that was sometimes part of a circus, or in reference to Piccadilly Circus in London. The new clue seemingly designed to be as unhelpful as possible, the organisers were starting to turn up the difficulty and spread out the competition.

“Yeah, but which one?” Victoria said, a frown on her face as she pressed her legs together as they waited outside.

“Taxi’s on its way.” Polly said, a smile on her face as she re-joined the group.

“ppfffff” Roxy puffed out her cheeks, slowly crossing one leg over the other “So how do we decide?”

“I think we just have to pick one and go with it…coin toss?” Francesca said as a bit of joke, but to her surprise the others seemed to be taking it seriously.

“Heads its Piccadilly, tails it’s the Lion one.” Willow said, pulling out a coin from her pockets.

Flicking the coin up in the air, the silver piece of metal flipped several times before she caught it again. Slamming it down on the back of her hand she lifted the other away, “Heads!” She announced.

“Piccadilly.” Jana shrugged, the others laughing at their decision-making technique. It wasn’t quite the contest winning smarts they were hoping to employ, but it was the best they could come up with.

Standing at the roadside the others watched as Victoria squirmed where she stood, it wasn’t a rare occurrence to see. She often drank far more than them on a night out and hated to interrupt her dancing in the clubs, especially for something as mundane as a bathroom break. But somehow she always made it, her bladder clearly strong enough to deal with quite a lot.

“How slow is this taxi!” Francesca lamented, “Im really going to need the toilet too at the next place.” She added, bending over and letting out a deep sigh to emphasise her need to the rest of the group. Her behaviour only half play acting, enjoying the moment of attention but meaning every word of it.

“Yeah, its starting to catch up with me as well Willow admitted” Even though she had managed to keep that fact hidden from most of them, it wasn’t a surprise to them given she had been drinking literally until she was pushed out the door.

“Well maybe we can all go at the next place?” Jana asked hopefully, standing with her legs closer together than normal.

“All!, come on that’s so much wasted time.” Roxy argued, a hand resting on her hip. Her large and prestigious bladder clearly putting her at odds with her friends, even as it began to send signals to her it was filling. Although, she had thought Jana would be on her side and even Victoria given their bladders and control of them they had shown in the past.

“It’s the same time as if we all go at different times, it’s the same pee.” Victoria countered.

“Not really, it means we have to que behind each other. If it was just one of us and one stall became free, then we would pee and be done and able to go on with the contest. If its all of then we would have to wait one after another.”

“I hate to admit it, but Roxy does have a point.” Francesca added, tapping her heel on the pavement.

“If we want to win we just have to hold it, otherwise we loose to much time.” Roxy announced, but the others were clearly less confident in their bladder capacity as they looked at each other.

“Yeah well, you can tell my bladder that. Im going at the next place.” Francesca added resolutely as she scrunched herself up slightly for a second.

“Didn’t you pee just before we left?” Victoria asked, raising an eyebrow at the suspiciously fast paced desperation her friend was exhibiting.

“So, I guess I broke the seal. You know what its like.” She said pointing to the state Victoria was in.

“No, some of haven’t peed since we started drinking like two and a half hours ago.” Victoria shot back, taking the insult at her bladder’s capabilities personally.

“More like 4 and a half” Jana whispered under her breath, the others missing her admission and regret of not peeing earlier. She had been out in town for lunch and had gone when she got back. But running a little late to get to Roxy’s, she had forgotten to go. For most nights out that would have been fine, a few hours of drinking and holding was no problem for her. But she also usually drank slower than she was right now, but crossing her legs slightly she put it to the back of her mind.

“Taxi’s here” Polly interjected, sensing the rising tensions again but also wanting to get out of this conversation. Despite having emptied it just now, she could already feel an aching dullness inside her, or maybe it was just in her head. Sometimes it was hard to tell.

“Finally!” Victoria said as she unwound her legs and the got into the taxi, Polly giving the driver the destination who with a nod started down the road.

At just before 9pm the town was packed, people and cars moving slowly through the streets from pub to pub. The contest had clearly drawn in a lot of outsiders, putting even more people in their way. To make things worse, the destination they had chosen was all the way across town and some of them were starting to worry about if they were right or not. Never mind their troubled bladders, this could be the difference between winning and losing.

Crossing her legs Jana felt herself being squeezed against Victoria whose own legs were bouncing rhythmically as she gripped her thighs and looked anxiously out of the window. A few suspicious glances from the driver in the rear-view mirror told them that he knew something was up. Although given the tense looks on all of their faces, combined with the constant shuffling it was a sure giveaway. A series of signs that only got worse as they spent 22 long minutes driving through the centre of town. At one point a number of gasps filled the cab as it was forced to break heavily, a strange whimper escaping Victoria while Jana and Francesca grunted deeply. A drunken young man had stumbled into the road after tripping on a bollard, much to the amusement of his friends but not the women's bladders.

But finally the group pulled up outside the Piccadilly, the pub outfitted to look like an underground train station. The trendy place clearly popular as a lot of people were sat in the outdoor smoking area, but thankfully for their chances of winning there didn’t seem to be a que. Maybe they had gotten ahead of their competition for the most part. With such a 50/50 clue it would surely give them a massive advantage if they were right.

“Come on before I pee myself.” Victoria said sternly as she walked awkwardly towards the front door, her thighs only separating by a fraction as she took small but rapid steps. Behind her many of the others were not doing great either, Willow and Francesca taking their time much to the annoyance of Victoria. It seemed the nights drinks were catching up with them all now.

Before they could reach the entrance another group burst through, their faces similarly covered in concern and hands deep between their legs. The blonde at the front red faced and clearly sweating as she dashed forwards towards the taxi Polly had just left after paying.

“Oh god, Oh god, Oh god.” She stammered as she wrenched open the car door, the other three in her group steadily chasing her.

“Im about to piss myself.” Another said crudely as she paused for a moment, half kneeling before standing up and joining the others.

“Lucy, your house is closest!” the first woman shouted as she slammed the door shut, the cab driver shaking his head, his night clearly wasn’t going to get any easier.

But at least It seemed it wasn't just their group having some problems with their filling bladders.

Entering the bar, loud rock music filled their ears as they looked for where they could be served. The strangely decorated inside having signs pointing in all sorts of different directions, whether they were all just for decoration or actually designed to be helpful wasn’t clear.

“Over there” Polly pointed the group towards a corner marked as the junction yard.

“I don’t see any signs for the toilets, where are the toilets guys?” Victoria asked clearly concerned.

“We can ask at the bar, lets grab the drinks and then you can go while we find a place outside.”

“Fine, but if there is a que I’m going looking.” The brown-haired woman replied, getting some nods from the others.

Walking up to the counter the bar staff had just finished serving another group who grabbed their drinks and rushed out the door. They were clearly on a mission and doing everything they could to win.

“Hi how can I help you?” The barman asked, smiling back at them.

“6 Blue wombat please” Roxy said, holding up her wrist.

Nodding the guy grabbed a book from under the counter. “Sorry, we are having some technical issues so I’ve got to do this the old-fashioned way.”

“Its ok, its no problem.” Roxy replied, letting him write out the number under the barcode down in his book.

“Actually, it is a problem, where are your Toilets?” Victoria asked quietly, leaning over as she wiggled her hips in need.

“They are back that way and on the right, but they are being cleaned at the moment.” He said, grabbing the number from Willow’s bracelet next.

“Oh…how long for?” Willow asked.

“It should only be like 10 minutes, maybe 15.” The man replied nonchalantly as if there wasn’t a pee dancing woman currently in front of him .

“10 minutes!” Roxy and Francesca said in unison but for different reasons.

“Guys we cant just wait 10 minutes” Roxy said to the group as the third of them got their number taken.

“Yeah and I don’t know if I can wait 15 minutes.” Francesca added, although her demeanour was still calmer than Victoria who was clicking her heels together as if rehearsing for a role in wizard of oz.

“Yeah, I wouldn’t mind going somewhere sooner than that so we can pee” Willow admitted.

“So we are agreed, we will grab these and maybe you can go in the next place.” Roxy said, the others agreeing reluctantly as that wasn’t quite what they had meant. But it seemed like the best they were going to get right now.

“I don’t like the sound of the maybe” Francesca said, catching on to what Roxy was saying.

But a minute later the group was heading back out of the bar, large cans in their hands as they headed to do the video.

“We love Blue Wombat” they cheered again, although half of them seemed to be less enthused about chugging their drink. Victoria pausing for a moment as she stared at her can before starting to drink. Her legs clearly pushed together and her spare hand griping into her tight jeans.

Roxy and Jana seemed to be the only ones able to down their drinks, the pint disappearing quickly down their throats. Surprisingly, it was Victoria that beat out the others, trying to get it over and done with as soon as possible. Although, once she had finished she couldn’t help but curtsey while Willow, Francesca and even Polly had to take a break halfway through. But holding their bloated stomachs and bladders the three of them managed to finish the rest in one more go. Their faces slightly more tense looking than they had been a couple of minutes before.
