The Germophobe Conundrum and Other Stories

Author: Mickey

*000*2018-10-09 11:38

The Germophobe Conundrum (150 words)

"Stop being a germophobe!""

I'm not!"

"You hopped from foot to foot, dashing for the toilet the moment you came home. Because you refused to use the school toilets. In primary school!"

"I like clean toilets!"

"The trek will last 8hours, and you'll have to stay hydrated"

"I have an enormous bladder"

He did.

His bestfriend gave up the argument.

Sitting in gridlocked traffic, he regretted it. 12 well-hydrated hours later, he would welcome an opportunity to use the filthiest washroom. Instead, he is stuck in a bus with no toilets.

An hour later, 15hrs after his morning pee, they reach the office. With a baseball sized wet patch on his crotch. The office toilets would save him, but the building is locked.

He waddles to his car, leaving a trail of yellow drops. He tries valiantly, but the 1hr drive home is the straw that breaks the camel's back.

*001*2018-10-09 11:55

About this thread

I like writing (and reading) long drawn out desperation stories, like my Uncomfortable Decisions series

. But real life being what it is, I very rarely indulge in that time consuming endeavor. Sometimes I lose motivation midway, because there are only so many ways to say "s/he was bursting" without the process becoming tedious.

As such, I have a sticky note full of desperation story ideas sitting around that I felt like I might never get around to writing out. Then I came across the Very Short Stories and microfiction threads and inspiration stuck.

I have decided to turn these ideas in to very short stories (probably 150 words or less) and post them on this thread. If you really like one of the scenarios, leave me a comment and I'll write a full length story for the most popular ones (someday).

This thread won't be an idea dump. Like this first story, you'll get a beginning, middle and end (of sorts). But you'll have to imagine most of the desperation instead of reading about it. Most of my characters will be male (that's what I'm in to after all) - but the stories will likely also be ambiguous enough that you can change the pronouns to female in your head without any trouble.

Hope you guys like the idea and read along

PS - Some of these stories might be cross posted to other microfiction threads.

PPS - If you want to expand any of these drabbles in to a full length work, you're welcome to the idea Use/Abuse it for your purposes - no strings attached. I would appreciate a link back to this thread and a post here linking the longer work.

