Daisy's Desperate Lunch Break

Author: MaxMorgan

*000*2025-03-02 05:03

This story contains female desperation and witnessing another woman wetting in public.

This is a full chapter from my new e-book, Daisy's Desperate Day (available now on Smashwords!)

###

Finally, Daisy’s lunch break rolled around. She hadn’t had any more to drink but her bladder had continued to fill as she worked, and she was now feeling moderate discomfort. She had plans to meet her friend Julia for lunch at a pizza shop in ten minutes, and it was a ten minute walk away so she had to leave now if she was going to be on time. She tossed her apron on a shelf in the back room and quickly made her way to the cafe bathrooms before heading for lunch.

To her dismay, she came across her manager taping up an “out of order” sign to the outside of the bathroom door.

‘What!?’ she yelped out.

‘Oh, hi Daisy. The last guy in there must have blocked the toilet, because it’s not flushing now. Trust me, you don’t want to go in there. Water has overflowed all over the floor. The plumber is on his way now, though.’

‘Oh god. Okay. Damn.’

She was disheartened, but she figured she could just use the toilets at the pizza place once she arrived anyway. She slung her purse over her shoulder and set off for a slightly stiff and uncomfortable walk to meet Julia.

Finally she arrived at the pizza shop, a few minutes late from her stiff-legged walk, and found Julia already settled at the table with a large pizza and tall glass of lemonade already waiting for each of them.

‘Hey! Sorry, I went ahead and ordered since we have limited time. Quick, start eating before it gets cold!’

Stifling her bladder’s protests, she sat down. She could go to the bathroom after she had finished her pizza: the pizzas from this place always got gross and oily when they got cold.

‘Thanks for ordering for me, I might have to pass on the lemonade at the moment though because I have to pee pretty badly. I didn’t have time to go this morning, and the toilet at work was out of order, if you can believe that.’

‘I can believe it! That happened to me at work the other day too. I was stocking shelves for hours with a bursting bladder because my manager is a mean old bitch and hates when we take bathroom breaks while clocked in, then when I finally got to go it was broken!’

‘Oh no! That’s so annoying. At least your work is right next to those public toilets, right?’

‘Ha. It is, but since it was dark they were locked already.’

‘What’d you do then?’

‘Well there was nothing really I could do. All the stores around were closed, so I just hopped on the bus to go home. It was okay for a while, but then my bladder started to get really painful and I was panicking.’

‘Ouch.’

‘Finally once I got off the bus I thought I’d be fine, but then I realized I had forgotten my keys and my mum wasn’t answering the door! I was calling her phone like crazy.’

‘What happened then?’ She said, with a sinking feeling she knew exactly what had happened.

‘Well… I’m only telling you this because you’re my best friend… but I totally pissed myself. My mum woke up and finally opened the door, but all I could do was stand there pissing in my pants. It was so embarrassing!’

Daisy’s own bladder convulsed briefly, maybe in solidarity with Julia’s experience. She reached down and gave her crotch a quick surreptitious squeeze with her left hand while Julia wasn’t looking.

‘Oh, Daisy, I thought you weren’t having lemonade?’

‘Shit!’ She realized that she had been so focused on their conversation that she had forgotten about her need and her decision to avoid the lemonade until after she’d had a chance to pee.

‘Oh well. My lunch break is almost over anyway, so I’ll just go before I leave – no harm in having the lemonade now.’

‘Haha. Okay, if you’re sure.’

They spent the next thirty minutes chatting companionably and enjoying the pizza and lemonade, before Daisy checked the time on her phone and realized she would be late if she didn’t leave now. By now, her bladder was beginning to feel tight and hard in her lower abdomen, and she was very uncomfortable. She said her goodbyes and quickly gathered her items, making a beeline for where she knew the bathrooms were.

As she approached, her stomach sank. There was a cleaning cart parked outside the hallway, and a sign stuck to the door read “CLEANING IN PROGRESS: PLEASE KEEP OUT. WE APOLOGISE FOR THE INCONVENIENCE.”

She stopped in her tracks, dismayed. Just as she was pondering what other options for bathrooms might be around, her attention was grabbed by a loud groan coming from behind her. She turned to see a tall brunette woman in her mid-thirties bent at the waist with one hand shoved deep between her legs.

‘Noooo…’ the woman moaned. ‘Is it locked? Could you check for me?’

‘Oh, sure…’ Daisy walked all the way up and tried the handle on the door. It turned, and she tentatively pushed the door inwards. A loud voice emitted from inside: ‘Hey! Sorry, I’m cleaning in here!’

‘Oh, I think it’s an emergency… Could this lady just run in quickly?’

‘Sorry, no, store policy. It’s a slipping hazard and we can’t put anyone at risk. Come back in fifteen minutes.’

Daisy turned back to the woman ready to explain what the cleaner had said, but quickly realized it was too late. The woman was frozen, eyes squeezed tightly shut, with urine pouring down the inside of her tight black leggings. It was dripping from her calves to the floor and forming a slowly-spreading puddle on the white linoleum. Daisy was shell-shocked, unable to process the situation or find the words to respond. In an effort to wrench her eyes away from the disaster occurring in front of her, she pulled out her phone to check the time. She really was going to be late getting back to work if she didn’t leave right this second.

She found herself pushing apologetically past the woman, who was still very much in the throes of pissing herself. Daisy mumbled some platitudes and hustled out of there, her own bladder protesting angrily as she walked away from the toilet and past the loud hissing of the woman’s accidental relief.

