Squirming Stefan

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-05-14 00:44

Stefan had never really minded his job, though currently it was far more stressful than he had ever experienced. It was made even worse by having to work from ‘home’, which really was just a bedroom in a shared apartment because house prices were too high to be able to buy his own place yet. Just the thought of moving back to his dad’s didn’t appeal one bit. His mum had left and moved abroad and dad had a string of woman he ‘dated’ despite being in his late fifties. Stefan couldn’t even imagine his dad ever ‘social distancing’ or not meeting up with woman regardless of any virus or new laws and he wanted absolutely nothing to do with that.

So that left him with no choice but to buy an office desk and chair, set up his laptop and get a separate land line installed (all at work expense thankfully) in order to avoid the dreaded furlough. With nowhere to go and only an hour exercise permitted daily furlough was Stefan’s idea of hell. He needed work for his mental well-being, though right now he questioned if it really was helping as the phone rang off the hook.

The holiday company had just updated their social media and webpage with another extension of closure dates and yet again a huge deluge of irate and disappointed customers were now calling for refunds and vouchers. While it could be done online Stefan knew most just needed that human reassurance and someone to vent at, even though he wasn’t personally to blame. He knew that, they knew that, but lockdown anger affected rational thought and Stefan tried to keep that in mind as he read the customer service script and did his best to reassure and sort customers out.

It was only mid morning and he’d had two mugs of tea already, one just as he started and another brought in, very kindly, but his house mate, who herself was on furlough and finding herself at a loose end. As 11:30 approached Stefan rebooked yet another caravan at the coast for yet another family and shifted in his seat. At work, in the call centre, he could have left the calls to someone else for a moment and taken a quick piss break, but at ‘home’ with calls on divert that wasn’t possible. At least the company had a system in place to divert to someone else during staggered lunch breaks so he could at least get 45 minutes without being on the phone. Thankfully he wasn’t desperate and lunch was due in an hour so he just pushed on through.

As soon as Stefan hung up the next call rang through immediately, a sign the company was taking way more calls than usual and that others were beginning to take their lunch breaks too. Stefan had signed in at 8:30 so wasn’t due his break until 12:30, almost an hour away yet. As he held the cordless receiver to his ear he processed yet another refund to a tearful mum as he heard several children playing and crying in the background. He signed off and quickly poured himself some water from a jug as the next call started ringing right away. The constant talking was making his mouth so dry and Stefan sipped at the glass through the next few calls.

Stefan unconsciously shifted in his seat as he glanced at the alarm clock on his desk. Still 45 minutes before he could log off and he could really do with going to the toilet. With no luxury of colleagues to cover, or even an en-suite bathroom, Stefan swung his legs under his office chair and carried on professionally.

Time passed and Stefan caught himself looking at the clock far more often.Sitting on a three wheeled fabric computer chair crossing his legs just felt uncomfortable and made reaching the laptop very difficult. Instead he wheeled the chair nearer the desk and crossed his ankles in front of him, stretching his legs out and touching the skirting board in front of him with his toes. That helped for about a minute before he felt a strong need to shuffle in his seat, raising his bottom off the seat then back down again. All the time he continued on his calls, apologising to customer for their wait and refunding or issuing vouchers in whatever way he could. Most were reasonable, though some were more challenging. The only thing keeping Stefan going was the thought that in 35 minutes he could log off and get a long and satisfying pee in the only bathroom in the apartment.

Another call came through and momentarily Stefan felt he needed to stand up. He leaned forward leaning his elbows on the desk as he danced a little in the privacy of his own room, willing 12:30 to come so he could run to the loo. He checked his room door was closed as he danced from foot to foot trying to keep his bladder at bay. With 25 minutes to go he knew he would be gasping for a piss by the time his break arrived. He was already noticeably bursting!

Stefan took the next call and ran though his usual script of apologising and then gathering information, then sorting the customer query. This time either he was getting consumed with his need to pee too much or the person was difficult to understand, but this customer was causing great issues. As the customer chatted on about her dog, her many years of going to the same caravan park and the woes of the current situation, Stefan found himself sitting back down but pressing his bum right against the back of the seat as he crossed his leg and circled his top ankle. Finally he managed to get some sense out of the customer and he breathed a sigh of relief when she said goodby, having rescheduled her holiday for September. Stefan glanced at the clock, frustration mounting, as he realised he still had 20 minutes to go. Time was dragging by as the phone still rang non stop.

Unable to sit in the same position for any length of time Stefan squirmed and wriggled in his seat as he updated records of customers and cancelled/rescheduled and issued vouchers over and over again. He looked at the two empty mugs and the empty water glass on his desk, even contemplating pissing in one of them such was his need to go. However, too afraid the customer might overhear, Stefan rubbed himself and squirmed, more determined to hang in the final ten minutes until his calls would end.

The last ten minutes were sheer torture for Stefan as he rocked, pinched himself and squirmed like a little school boy possessed, wholly consumed by one thing: an urgent need to piss. 9 minutes to go as he pinched himself. 8 minutes to go as he bounced on his seat on his bottom, 7 minutes to go as he squirmed, six minutes to go as he danced, 5 minutes to go as he gripped himself tightly, 4 minutes to go as he bent forward, 3 minutes to go as he tried desperately to keep the current customer talking in order to avoid having to take another call and delay pissing, which could easily see him lose control. Two minutes to go as sweat gathered on his forehead. One final minute as he headed for the door of his room ready to click the phone off and run for his lifetime the toilet.

‘Goodbye’

Stefan clicked the red button, threw the handset onto his bed and with one hand grabbing himself he rushed out the bedroom and along the shirt corridor to the bathroom.

Oh he so needed to go, so so badly. He could feel the urine rising along his urethra and filling his pounding penis. He leaned on the bathroom door, gasping for breath pressing the foreskin of his penis tightly between his thumb and forefinger as he throbbed for release...

The door remained tightly closed.

Stefan danced and moaned as he tried the door again.

Nothing.

He knocked on the door, assuming his flat mate was in but hoping she was about to leave.

‘Sally you in there?’

‘Yes. Just in the bath. Be out soon.’

Stefan wanted to cry. His finger hunt squeezing himself and his bladder aches for relief. Warm dribbles formed on the left of his full penis and Stefan knew he was moments away from an accident. He was so bursting, so desperate, so full, in absolute urgent need to urinate.

Holding onto his penis he paced up and down the corridor, the small laminate hall of the apartment seeming suddenly so frustrating and stressful as he tried not to piss all over the floor. It was tempting, oh so tempting as he swore to himself in sheer annoyance to be denied entry to the place he needed so very badly.

He leaned back against the wall pressing his back tight against the form wall as he pressed both hands into his crotch. For a second he froze and closed his eyes willing his body to wait just a few minutes more.

Finally he was able to move as he headed to his bedroom and put the handset on change as he danced around moaning under his breath at how badly, how urgently, he had to pee. His light grey jogging trousers showed clearly where his half erect aching dick lay in his underpants and Stefan wrapped his hands around it and massaged it in a vain attempt to prevent it leaking.

Then it happened...the first proper leak....Stefan bent forward and yelled as quietly as possible as he inspected the bottle lid size stain at his crotch. Stefan pulled the waistband of his joggers down giving him closer access to his manhood as he inspected the damp patch on his cream coloured boxers.

He shook as his penis throbbed again, rising in his damp boxers ready to spurt against his will. Stefan hobbled over to the desk and grabbed the glass he had used for water, pulling his penis out the leg of his boxers and into the tall thin glass. Immediately a warm spurt shot out and Stefan had to hold the glass tightly to prevent it falling out his hands. He steadied himself as another longer spurt came out as the glass filled quickly.

With all his might Stefan cut off the flow. He was still achingly desperate to go as he tucked his dribbling penis back into his damp boxers and pulled his trousers back up. He raced back to the hall and banged the bathroom door.

‘Sally are you nearly finished?’

‘Won’t be long Stefan. Promise.’

Stefan rested his head on the bathroom door and sighed. He hated to admit how desperate he was, it was too embarrassing and child like but so was wetting himself. He took a breath in and knocked again.

‘I really need in Sal. Any chance you could come out?’

‘Yeah ok. Just give me a minute to get dried.’

Stefan laced up and down the hall, this time almost marching trying with every step to hold back the torrent of urine needing out. He walked to the kitchen and turned. Walked to the main lounge and turned again. Back to the kitchen. Back to the lounge.

It was no good. He was going to piss his pants if he didn’t access them bathroom NOW.

Once again he knocked the door.

‘Sorry Sal. I really can’t wait. It’s an absolute emergency situation!’

Stefan twisted his legs and pressed the top of his penis tightly closed. Despite having filled a glass already he had to go excruciatingly bad. Every second counted.

He contemplated rushing to his room and letting go into the two mugs but the very thought of taking one step seemed too much to bare. He pulled his waistband of his joggers to below his crotch and slid his penis out of the leg of his underwear, gripping it tight with both hands as crippled ran down his fingers and over his wrists. It was like trying to hold back a volcano erupting, as he pointed it upwards to try and prevent his clothes getting wet.

Just then he heard the bathroom door move and the door edged open as if in slow motion. Stefan stood there, bend forward, squirming like mad and holding his throbbing dick between his tightly closed fist.

The door opened fully and Stefan stumbled in heading to the toilet right ahead as a spurt shot out into the air...

‘Bu...burs.....bursting to go...gotta piss so bad...’

Piss shooting everywhere in the bathroom uncontrollably Stefan fought to aim as quickly as he could as a fast cascade of urine whooshed from his member splashing over the toilet seat, the floor and eventually where it should be...in the toilet.

Stefan sighed loudly and smiled as finally he could relax and allow his body to so what it had yearned to do for over an hour. The loud noise of splashing reminding him just how desperate he had been as pee continued to soar out of him furiously.

After a minute, as the flow settled to a steady stream, Stefan realised he hadn’t seen Sally actually leave the bathroom. He opened his eyes and looked around to see his beautiful red haired flat mate standing at the side of the bath still dripping wet, covered only with a towel around her, steam still rising from her freshly washed hair, as she started opened mouthed at Stefan.

‘Jeez thats what I call a huge piss Stefan! Sorry hope you don’t object that I watched. You didn’t give me chance to get out you see.’

Embarrassed, but relieved, Stefan was lost for words as for the first time he saw a sparkle in Sal’s eyes that he’d never witnessed before.

He cleaned himself up, grabbing a spare towel to mop up the mess on the toilet seat and floor before sorting himself out and quietly leaving the bathroom.

‘Sorry Sal. I’ll let you get dressed now. I didn’t mean to barge in like that. It was just that...’

‘It’s fine Stefan. I’ve been bursting loads when you’ve been in. I know what it’s like. I keep a basin under my bed now because I peed myself one morning when you were shaving. Maybe we should just not lock the door? What do you think?’

Stefan’s thoughts raced to the basin still as his face turned red with embarrassment at the very thought he’d made a girl wee herself because he’d taken so long in the bathroom.

‘Maybe we should.’

And at that he walked out, quickly checking under his flat mates bed before pouring out the glass of urine and placing the glass in the dishwasher. His mind still visualising his flat mate peeing in a basin in her room...

