Kelli's in the Corner, Chapter 2

Author: MrMakeherWait

*000*2017-10-13 07:14

The continuation of

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/4466-the-corner-chapter-11/?do=embed"

...

**— Kelli, Present day — **

Damn that map. Damn this corner. Damn her weak bladder. She could feel herself about to lose control AGAIN. She needed to move - now. As a wave of urgency hit her she squeezed her legs tighter and bent halfway over to keep herself in control. It worked, but just barely. There was no flood, but she did feel a little more pee seep out into her already damp panties.

“Stand .. Up .. Straight. Now.”

She heard his stern words drifting from across the room. There was no mistaking an order.

“Sir, might I…” She started to stammer.

“Quiet. You know you do not speak in the corner unless spoken to first.”

Why had she let herself lose control the other day? Could she really not have waited just a few minutes longer to get to the potty? She had known she was in big trouble as soon as she had seen the incredulous yet very upset seen the look on his face. Damn the map, why was it always the little details that tripped her up? She wanted to feel her pants again to know if he might see, but she didn’t dare move her hands. She could feel his eyes drilling into the back of her neck. She always felt like that when she was in the corner and he was in the same room. She knew he didn’t constantly watch her while in the corner… or did he?

She hated not knowing the time. Was it 5 more minutes? 10 more? Perhaps she could manage 5… but… suddenly she felt a stab of pain as her muscles finally gave out. Slowly, and despite her best efforts, the stream started. 1… 2 seconds… she couldn’t stop it. 3… 4 seconds… she felt her panties growing warm and the back of her neck heating up. Was he watching, did he know what was happening inside her pants right now? She imagined her face was a certain shade of crimson and was grateful it was buried in the corner and hopefully for now only she knew of her shame. 5… 6 seconds…

“Young lady…” his voice suddenly called out.

**—2 days earlier—**

**— James—**

He watched her lock the door in the rearview mirror. He reached over and opened her door for her as she slid into the seat next to him and smiled. He couldn’t help but see something behind that smile though. What was it that was on her mind. What was she so worried about?

“Ready, sweetie?”

“Yes, I’ve been looking forward to today for the past month, lets get this show on the road.

“I’m sorry for making us late.”

“It’s ok dear, if we don’t run into any cops I’ll just make up for it on the drive down.”

And they were off. After getting out of local traffic and onto the interstate he took his right hand off the wheel and placed it on her leg. It wasn’t all unusual for him to drive with his hand on her leg but today he swore she flinched for some reason. He wondered again about this morning and if she had truly been able to make it to the potty without losing control. He started to rub her leg slowly and then carefully started to slide his hand deeper in between her legs. Was that a wet spot he felt or his imagination? Had Kelli truly peed her pants this morning?

Suddenly Kelli’s fingers were interweaving with his and his hand was being squeezed tightly.

“Thank you for today, hon, it means a lot to me.”

“You’re welcome, dear. You deserve it.”

He squeezed her hand in return but was disappointed he hadn’t been able to go just a little further and confirm his suspicions. He couldn’t do it now that they were holding hands without making it totally obvious what he was up to, and he didn’t want to do that. So for now he would bide his time and wait. Perhaps Kelli would fall asleep as she often did on road trips and he’d have another opportunity to check. He could hope.

“Dear, please hand me a water bottle and get one for yourself as well.”

He took the water bottle that she offered him and took a sip before placing it in the center console. He saw her take a few swigs from her own. If things went well he’d likely see her squirming in her seat before they arrived. Car trips were one of the few times he didn’t even need an excuse to make her wait. She knew he preferred to drive straight thru and she would sit there and squirm silently, only rarely asking him if it became a true emergency. One of the many things he loved about her.

“Why don’t you finish your water then you can take a nap. You looked tired this morning when I got you up.”

“Thanks, hon. I wouldn’t mind a little extra sleep.”

He watched her finish her water over the next few minutes. She then squeezed his hand tightly and closed her eyes. It couldn’t have been more than five or ten minutes before he heard the steady even breathing that he knew meant she was soundly asleep. He slowly untangled his fingers from hers and gently pushed her hand to the side as he once again rested his hand on her leg where it had originally started earlier.

This was the moment of truth. He very slowly slid his hand towards her crotch. There was no mistaking it this time. His hand was now wet. The inside leg of her jeans was wet. He slid he hand as far up as he could without waking her. Unsurprisingly her crotch was wet also. He felt some movement in his own crotch area. He smiled at his girls first real accident in their relationship, but what would she think if she knew he got pleasure from this? If she knew that her almost disaster this morning in the living room was actually a major turn on for him. Would she run away like the other girls had?

He let his hand rest on the inside of her damp pants leg for a few minutes longer before slowly sliding it back to the top of her leg which unfortunately was still quite dry.

**—Kelli—**

Kelli woke up suddenly and yawned. She needed to pee quite badly. Where was she? Ah, yes… the trip to Kings Island. She shifted back and forth in her seat then decided to try crossing her legs. The OJ from this morning was almost certainly resting in her bladder now and the bottle of water from earlier was almost certainly on it’s way. She had no idea how long she’d been asleep but she hoped they were close as she squeezed her legs together tightly.

“Thanks for the nap, babe. Where are we?”

“Getting close. I’d say another 30 minutes or so and we’ll be to the park.”

“Good, I can hardly wait.” It was the truth in so many ways.

She hoped he would only hear her excitement about the day ahead and not the tone of concern in her voice… 30 minutes wasn’t that long but she was already feeling full - and her muscles were worn out from the ordeal she’d put them thru this morning. She’d realized she was going to have to be careful not to get herself into trouble today. She hoped restrooms would be plentiful and that permission would be granted quickly.

She discretely slid her right hand against the inside of her leg and smiled as she realized her pants were almost dry now. She breathed a sigh of relief. James would never find out about her small accident this morning now. Everything was going to be ok.

/////

Everything was NOT ok. In the past 10 minutes Kelli’s need had gone from bad to worse. From discomfort to painfully full. She was not used to things escalating this quickly and was starting to worry that she wouldn’t make it all the way to the park. She could barely sit still and was constantly scissoring her legs in and out… that’s when she wasn’t crossing and uncrossing them. She would have been holding herself if it wasn’t for James setting right beside her. He’d even noticed and asked her if she was ok. She’d just told him she was getting tired of sitting and anxious to arrive and get the day started.

She was actually debating mentioning the true depth of her need to James for the very first time in their relationship. As the minutes went by she became more and more certain she couldn’t wait. Even after they arrived they would have to find a parking spot… then walk… or wait for a shuttle… were there even bathrooms near the entrance? She was practically floating and there were far too many unknowns and unanswered questions. She glanced over at the instrument cluster… over a half tank of gas… she glanced down to see a half full water still setting in the center console. So he had plenty to drink and plenty of gas.

What possible excuse could she have to stop other than her achingly full bladder? Suddenly she saw the sign for a rest area. 5 miles. Oh my goodness. Here was her salvation, but could she work up the courage to ask him to stop? She opened her mouth then closed it. To stop for a pee break only 20 minutes away from the park sounded like something James’s 3 year old niece might ask for, not his 19 year old girlfriend. Her brain was running a mile a minute. 2 miles. Her bladder was starting to twinge like it would when she walked into a potty and it knew she would be going soon. It was starting to relax. That was a very bad sign. 1 mile.

“Sir”

“Yes, dear?”

“Would… Do you…” She trailed off unsure of what to say.

“Dear?”

The exit ramp was just ahead but she couldn’t work up the courage to tell him just how bad she had to go. She was going to have to find some way to manage. She would. Her heart sank. The ramp was *right there* but they remained in the same lane. She must wait. She had to. But she feared she couldn’t. Suddenly at the last possible moment James tugged the wheel slightly to the right and the car effortlessly jumped off the interstate onto the exit ramp. The motion caught Kelli off completely guard and a spurt of pee jumped from her bladder into her panties. Were they stopping?

“Sir, are we stopping?”

She prayed the answer was yes, but she would still need to work up the courage to ask for the little girls room - knowing how close they were to the park.

“We are. I had a sudden craving for a Mountain Dew if you can believe that.”

That was so like James. She laughed, and immediately regretted it as a larger spurt of pee soaked into her panties. She’d been so silly to think she might possibly be able to wait until the park. She was barely keeping it together now. James pulled the car to a stop near the vending area.

“Would you like anything, dear?”

“No, I’m ok. Would you mind if I got out and stretched my legs a bit though?”

“Certainly”

She opened her door then tried to stand and froze. It was even worse than she had thought. Suddenly she was afraid if she even stood she might pee herself then and there. She very slowly inched her way from sitting to standing all the while keeping the tightest leash on her bladder. She was pretty sure the bottle of water was in there now. Suddenly she bent over as another spasm rocked her bladder and another surge of pee escaped into her panties.

She barely managed to stand again as James walked back to the car.

“I thought you were going to stretch your legs, dear?”

“I was. I mean I am.” She stammered.

“Actually… … would you mind if I popped into the little girls room quickly, Sir?”

She breathed a sigh of relief as soon as she finished the question. She loved James’s being in control of their relationship. It was so freeing to trust his direction and guidance and not struggle over decisions herself. She knew that if his answer was no the entire day was likely to be ruined soon, but perhaps his answer would be yes. It was liberating just to know it was no longer her decision. Whatever he decided is how it would be - and she would find a way to live with it, regardless of the answer. She suddenly realized he was looking at her quizzically.

“You know we’re only 15 minutes away from the park, dear?”

“I just thought…”

What was she thinking exactly, other than the fact that she was about to soak her pants even worse than this morning?

“…I just thought if I went now it would save us time at the park. We could get straight to the fun without having to worry about maybe finding me a potty”

She was proud of herself. She thought that sounded quite reasonable and grown up of her.

“Hmmmm…”

She suddenly realized he was looking at her across the top of the car… which meant he couldn’t anything see below her breasts. She plunged her right hand into her crotch and pushed as hard as she could and smiled as she felt the pressure ease up just a bit. Great, now if she could just leave her hand there she might actually be able to make it to the restroom.

She could imagine the wheels turning behind his eyes. If he knew her predicament *surely* he would send her potty without hesitation. Unfortunately, she was not about to inform him. She crossed her legs tightly and hoped his answer would be “yes”.

**— James —**

James was thinking hard. He could *clearly* see Kelli’s predicament and the last place he wanted to send her was the little girls room. Realizing he was staring at her across the roof of his car he quickly took the opportunity to adjust his shorts slightly so it would be harder for her to see how turned on he was right now. Not that she was looking. She obviously had other things on her mind. What if he said no? It was obvious she was at the end of her rope. He’d be very surprised if she made it another 5 miles down the road much less all the way to Kings Island. He wasn’t even sure she could make it to the toilets in her current state.

In the end it was his car that broke the tie. He’d just gotten it detailed and suddenly realized that the full contents of Kelli’s bladder spilling out into his leather seats and then onto the floor probably wasn’t quite as exciting as it sounded by the time you figured the potential cost of the cleanup.

“Yes, you may go potty.”

He saw the look of worry on her face slowly replaced by a smile… but almost as quickly the worry returned. Now he could see the gears turning in her mind. He imagined she was trying to figure out how to get between the car and the potties without disgracing herself and without making it obvious to the world she was about to wet her pants. She obviously needed a bit of motivation.

“We don’t have all day, dear”.

“Of course, sorry Sir”.

She turned away from him and slowly started walking toward the potties. He wasn’t sure how much attention most people paid to such things but it was obvious to him she was desperate. She was waddling almost like a duck would. And if he wasn’t mistaken she had her hand pressed between her legs holding herself as well. He watched his girlfriend with fascination. The closer she got to the building the faster she seemed to waddle until she disappeared inside and he could no longer see her. He took a seat in the car. The only thing to do now was wait.

**— Kelli —**

The last thing Kelli could do was wait. She was walking slowly with both legs squeezed together and with her hand pressed tight between her legs. At least James couldn’t see her holding herself. The closer she got to the building, the greater the frequency and strength of the painful spasms from her bladder.

Finally, she was in front of the glass entry doors. She yanked open the right door and stepped quickly into the small building - completely unprepared for the frigid cold AC that immediately hit her.

**— Kelli, Present day —**

Her pee was gushing out and she could not control it. 5… 6… 7 seconds… she could feel the hot pee running down the inside of her thigh.

“Young lady…” his voice suddenly called out.

She was startled. Did he know? Had he heard somehow. She had been unable to control herself yet her body responded to his voice. Her sphincter slammed shut briefly stopping the flow of urine. She tried to imagine a way out of this. Perhaps if corner time was over she could ask to go potty and change into her pajamas for bed. She could put her wet clothes in the wash and do laundry first thing tomorrow. She struggled to think of how she might keep him from finding out. She was so afraid of losing him. What would he think of her in wet pants again. The second time in only a few days.

“Yes, Sir?” she answered him weakly without moving.

“Your corner time is over now, dear. Tell me what have you learned.”

She swallowed hard and tried to will her face to return to a normal shade as she turned to face him. She unclasped her hands and slid them a bit further down her ass. Was that a wet spot she felt? God, was her entire butt wet?

“That big girls always find a way to hold it and do not pee their pants like little girls, Sir”.

Even as she was speaking her soggy, overly warm panties reminded her that she had not been much of a big girl lately; and the sharp pain in her bladder reminded her that things were about to get much much worse, and very soon.

“And next time what will you do, young lady?”

“I will hold it like a big girl, Sir”

Her shaking voice was about to give her her away. She tried to remain calm.

“Sir, may your girl please go potty and change into her pajamas before bedtime?”

“Yes, you may…”

She squeezed her legs together tightly and tried to figure out how she could possibly limp towards the bedroom without making it clear how insanely desperate she was. His next words sent a CHILL down her spine.

“… but first come snuggle with me on my lap for just a bit, dear.”

*002*2017-10-14 17:01

Parts of it, if I ever find the time to write it. A few days didn't seem like that long when I started. And just because x days has passed doesn't mean the story would have to cover ALL of it... really you'd just want to (minimally) hear about how she found herself in the corner to being with (though you kind of already know also).

I just realized that I had enough to call it a 2nd chapter so I thought I would post it.

