Holders of Iron House - Page 2

Author: Markj9494

*021*2020-11-21 18:11

Here is the little epilogue, possibly not quite what people were thinking when I mentioned it. But I feel it prehapse filled in a few gaps in an important characters back story / the university in general. I hope you enjoy!

Chapter 9 for old times’ sake

Leaning back in her chair dean Johnson couldn’t help but think back to her own time at this university, all those years ago when it was still in its prime. The mischief her and her best friend would get up to together, the biggest bladders in the university. Their status opening many doors to them, both the private functions and public parties with people from around the world. It seemed so long ago and yet was almost like it was yesterday at the same time. The days of men pining over her as they revelled at her full bladder at these functions, the old-fashioned gatherings always a spectacle. Then there was the last day as a student, her final test, the day she had set the record, the end of her third year... and friendship.

“Come on we know we are going to ace this, we do it like its nothing” the curvy blonde-haired woman said, her body the envy of all the women at the university for more reasons than one.

“Lana what are you talking about?” a plainer looking woman sat opposite her asked, briefly looking up from her book and brushing a stranding of her frizzy hair out of the way. The plain white band in her hair failing to keep it all under control.

“Mary, We are the two top holders in this university, a university of the world’s best holders and academics.” Lana said, gesturing with her arms wide open.

“What is your point?” Mary asked, finally closing her book and placing it prudently on her lap.

“Shouldn’t we prove ourselves, instead of just doing what all the rest of the bottom of the class do? We should make it more interesting, come on you know you love a challenge.” She said, diving onto the bed and resting her head on her hands. A mischievous and desire filled smile on her face and blue eyes that sparkled with energy. Lana had been the clear top holder ever since the first test and had done nothing but push herself since then. A fact that made Mary all to aware she would likely come out second best, but to have both their names, the formidable duo at the top of the list for all time was something of a dream to her.

“I suppose there is some merit in that” Mary admitted, the challenge stoking the rebellious fires of the honour student.

“Ok so the end of year test is to drink 2.5 litres for 2 days.”

“Yes, 5 litres in 48 hours.” Mary agreed factually.

“I think we should double it!” Lana said excitedly

“Double it?!”

“Why not, even that won’t be too much of an issue.” Lana said confidently.

“I suppose, but isn’t it a risk?” Mary said frowning slightly.

“How many times have you read the record book in the library. I know you want your name in it.”

“Our names go in it anyway, it’s a list of every graduate and their final year volume.” Mary countered.

“Shut up you know what I mean. We can totally be the top two if we try.”

Even she couldn’t recount how often she read the book of holders. Their names and volumes almost burnt into her brain as she fantasised about them all. Cross referencing the holders with their yearbook photos to give her imagination all the fuel it needed on the cold winters nights when she lay alone in bed.

“Fine, but you realise that once we start, we can’t stop?” Mary cautioned.

“Like we ever stop” Lana said patting her bladder, her organ already bloating out of her after days without a bathroom. “But I’m serious, is 10 litres and 4 days going to be enough to even put a dent in us?”

“I mean it’s a challenge for sure.” Mary said, shrugging slightly.

“Yeah, but is it a real one. Come on, imagine it, our names on the very top for years to come. We only get one chance we have to make it count!” Lana said, sitting up on the bed.

“Lets not go too…”

“One chance!” Lana repeated.

“Fine, so what we go all out. How do we make sure its fair and balanced for us?”

“That’s the beauty, it doesn’t have to be fair!” Lana said energetically, each wall of Mary’s that she broke down seemingly feeding her enthusiasm. “But lets not tell anyone alright, don't want anyone else crashing the party...May the biggest bladder win” She finished, a beaming smile across her face.

“Im not sure I like the sounds of that.” Mary grinned back, but secretly she couldn’t have hoped for a better outcome. As much as the books gave her food for thought, there was nothing like watching Lana at her absolute limit. A sight that she hadn’t seen for years at this point, her capacity simply too large for most days to even put a dent in it. Even most trials they had been involved in usually had to conclude their findings before they reached her indomitable limits. So if she was going to go all out this time, the final week of term was going to be one to remember.

....

Three weeks later Mary found herself awkwardly standing in the corner of the social room watching Lana. While she herself enjoyed the academic and conversations at the gatherings that involved the best and brightest. These more common affairs often left her feeling a little out of it, lacking many of the social graces and confidence of her friend.

She would have declined tonight, but it was the day before their final test and since Lana had come up with this stupid contest between the two of them, she had insisted on doing everything together. Apparently in an effort to see how much each of them was drinking, seemingly wanting to make sure that she would be the one on top of the record books. Not that Mary was sure she should even be fighting for that spot, she needed to be careful to not ruin her chances of coming second. Holding was about grace under pressure, not ego's.

Taking a sip from her beer she could feel her bladder beneath the tight frilly dress she had chosen for tonight. With about 6 litres of fluid sitting inside her she could certainly feel her need to pee escalating over the last day. A familiar uneasy feeling filling her abdomen as it started to incessantly remind her of her basic biology, including the fact that at some point she would need to pee. But checking her analogue watch as long as it was in no less than 59 hours from this point, she was sure she would give the record holders a run for their money.

She had been careful, measuring her intake and spreading it throughout the day. Even mixing in the right amounts of salts and minerals she needed to keep her perfectly balanced and not increase her need to pee or her thirst. Looking down at her beer she was a little worried, Lana having told her that no one drinks water at a party. A fact that was true but made her worried about the impact it might have. But then again, anything that helped her bladder get fuller was a bonus when it came to the end result. A fact that she had already taken account of earlier in the day.

Patting her internal dress pocket it was still there, the little packet of white powder that she and some friends had been cooking up in pharmacy society. A powerful diuretic that she knew would ensure her victory, one teaspoon of this with a few hours to go in the contest and her kidneys would start pumping through anything else she drank and blowing her up. It would be uncomfortable, but it was necessary for any chance at victory. Lana might have the confidence and the natural talent to out hold her, but she had the fortitude and intelligence to make this work in her favour should she choose to use it.

“Hey, don’t drink the punch” A voice whispered behind her.

“Jenny?”” She asked turning around to see the skinny dark haired girl smiling wickedly at her.

“Spiking the punch is a tradition right” she smiled, holding up an empty bag of the stuff they had created earlier. The same powder she had in her pocket right now, just a lot more of it.

“Uhhh, thanks” Mary said, uneasily watching the slightly scary woman walking away, she never knew what to make of Jenny. She was seemingly all smiles while managing to shoot daggers out of her eyes at all times. There was just something off about her...

“Get over here” Lana interrupted her thoughts as she felt her friend grab her arm and pull her out of the corner.

“Hey wait” She tried to object.

“We are playing spin the bottle, truth or dares and you are playing” Lana said as she pulled her along to a group of people starting to sit in a circle.

“Im not really…”

“Nope, not this time.” Lana said as she pulled her into the group and all eyes fell on her. “Sit” her friend commanded and reluctantly Mary joined the group. Exchanging awkward glances with many of them.

“Ill go first” Lana said, grabbing the empty bottle and spinning it rigorously. quickly it span, before coming to a rest in front of Claire, one of their classmates for the last 3 years.

“Truth or dare” Lana asked.

“Truth” Claire said after thinking for a moment.

“Last time you peed your pants, like fully peed.” Lana said gleefully.

“I….It was last month. I was doing one of those stupid fluid retention projects that company does here. They made us all drink like 5 litres in 2 hours and then they measured our pee output. One test without the drugs and then the next day we did it with them. Well, I was fine the first time and even at the end of the main test I held it. But then I went to the library for a few hours and I started to feel the need to pee but it was manageable. But suddenly when I was on the train because I live off campus, it hit me all of a sudden. I don’t know what happened but one minute I was doing ok but the next I was….I was pissing myself on station platform.” The red head said, blushing deeply and staring at the floor as she admitted to her accident.

“Hey, its happens to us all.” Nancy added, trying to make her friend feel better.

“Not all of us.” Lana boasted, clearly satisfied with the embarrassing story she had gotten. “Well, I guess you get to ask next.”

Spinning the bottle Claire was happy when it stopped in front of Juliet, the pair good friends and well aware of each other’s interests.

“Dare” Juliet said loudly.

“I dare you to flash us” Claire grinned, the embarrassment from her story already forgotten.

“You perv” Juliet smiled before lifting her top and exposing her large and perfectly sculpted breasts to the group. Mary seemingly feeling more embarrassed about the whole thing that anyone else including the one exposing herself as she felt her cheeks burn while averting her gaze.

“Like you’re not into it” Claire responded, getting a wink out of Juliet at she put her top back down.

The bottle span again and this time it stopped back at Anna.

“Truth”

“How about the last time you peed in your pants miss Iron bladder” Juliet said.

“Lame, reusing the same things. But alright, I was 9 and on a family road trip. I wanted to make it the entire trip without stopping, like a personal goal. Well I made it 14 hours and then lost control in a burger king.”

“Boring, next.” Juliet said, indicating to her to spin the bottle. Clearly frustrated by the un embarrassing story.

Spinning the bottle Mary was horrified to see it starting to slow down before her, the open neck of the bottle coming to a rest facing her. Although what was more worrying was the smile on her friends face.

“Uhh….Dare” Mary wasn’t sure what would be more embarrassing. But her friend would probably go easier on her with a dare. She knew too many embarrassing things about her to risk a truth.

“I dare you to kiss Sarah”

“What!?!” Mary said, staring back at her friend. She hadn’t just said that! Mary had, had the biggest crush on Sarah for the last two years and Lana knew that! Why would she do this to her, this was worse than any truth.

“What, you think she is ugly or something?” Lana jibed, knowing all to well the opposite was truth.

“No I…just”

“Come on, just one kiss. What’s the problem.” Lana continued, clearly enjoying her flustered behaviour.

How bright red Mary could feel her ears burning as she turned towards Sarah. Her mouth suddenly dry and heart pounding inside her rib cage. She could tell by the look Sarah was giving her it was obvious something was up, she wasn’t hiding anything. Her only choice was to get it over and done with and then move to a different country far away from here.

Leaning in the two of them pressed their lips together, Mary almost melting into a puddle instantly as they made contact.

As Sarah broke off, leaning back Mary almost fell forwards.

“Easy there tiger” Lana joked, the others laughing at her and causing Mary to blush even more deeply. How could her friend do this to her, she had admitted her crush to her in confidence.

“Well, spin the bottle.” Lana said.

Slightly meekly she reached out and twisted the bottle, revolving several times it came to a rest in front of none other than her tormenter Lana.

“OOOH” Juliet joked.

“Dare” Lana said proudly, sure that Mary wouldn’t be able to think of anything.

Being put on the spot definitely didn’t help but after a few moments she knew what she had to do, the ultimate comeuppance for her overly confident and boastful friend that only the two of them would know the true consequences of. Well…only her fully.

“I dare you to drink the entire punch bowl!”

Locking eyes it was clear that Lana knew her game instantly, it was a challenge. They were already 2 days into their end of year hold and there was no going back. But at the same time Lana couldn’t refuse, it would look odd. But she also couldn’t tell anyone why she might have reservations, they had agreed to keep it a secret, not that telling people her secrets seemed to be problem for her tonight.

“Bit weird but sure” Lana said, feigning ignorance.

Standing up she walked over to the large table nearby the large glass bowl filled with a sweet pink liquid. Taking out the ladle others had been using to fill their glasses Lana walked back over to the group with her hands full of the large bowl. Standing next to them she positioned the small pouring spout towards her, raising it to her lips and beginning to down the litres of liquid still in the bowl. For more than a minute she chugged, her breathing getting heavier as she started to struggle with the quantity of liquid she was forcing down her throat. But somehow, she chugged it all, in a single go.

Smacking her lips she upturned the large bowl, locking eyes with Mary before putting the bowl on the ground next to her. Sitting down she groaned slightly, her hands resting on her massively bloated stomach. Like Mary her own bladder must have been also been filling but it was nothing compared to what was about to happen to it.

She couldn’t remember exactly what had happened after that, the two days blurring over time. Her own desperation rapidly increasing to worrying levels by the time she walked into class on that final day. They had started drinking in class 46 hours earlier at 8am, the two litres having to be drunk by 10am. The same process had been repeated the day after and now as she sat shuffling in her place Mary was starting to question her decisions. Even as she stared at the water bottle on the desk, not one she had to drink but one she was trying to convince herself to drink to maximise her results. Many of the others around the room doing something similar, the third years cramming more and more water desperately into their distended bladders in the hope of increasing their final volume.

“Oooh” a loud groan caught her attention, snapping out of her own desperation for a moment.

The noise came from Lana who many in the class had been watching since her arrival. For the first time in her time at university, she looked like she was struggling. The other students simultaneously in awe of her bladders size and also enjoying the first real sighting of her being desperate.

Clutching her massively distended bladder the poor woman looked months pregnant, her bladder pushing almost a foot out of her. The curves of her hips augmented by a bladder that seemed to be pushing around her, the large ominous bulge expanding outwards in all directions with immense pressure. Ripples and spasms in her muscles easy to see on her taught and porcelain white skin. Her choice of a revealing crop top and miniskirt giving the monstrous bladder the maximum room to grow but hiding nothing.

She had all but burst into Marys room last night, pacing in desperation and muttering to herself. Trying to have a conversation but her fraying mind overwhelmed by the sensation of her maxed out bladder. Not that Mary had minded, she had quite enjoyed the sight of Lana as desperate as she was. This had to be by far the fullest she had seen her, or for that matter the fullest she had seen anyone. The diuretics her “friend” had spiked her with clearly going into overdrive and transforming the moderate bulge into a serious beer belly and now into its final form of a 9 month pregnant woman.

But despite the obvious agony the heavily sweating and groaning woman was feeling, she was drinking even more. Her unerring confidence in her own capabilities a sight to behold. A shaking hand outstretching for another bottle, her sixth in the last hour. Stopping for a moment she visibly shuddered as her hand rested on the water bottle.

“Come on, you can do it!” Mary encouraged.

Shuddering again Lana picked up the bottle, uncapping the lid and putting it to her lips. Almost as soon as it touched her lips her whole body lurched again, a hard pulse momentarily contracting everything inside her body to force out the ocean of liquid inside her.

“Just one more hour!” Mary said again, happy to see Lana scrunch her eyes and begin to down the bottle. Her friend showing a resolve and capacity outside of her wildest dreams, there was no way she wasn’t going to top the charts now! Any idea of her winning had long gone out the window and now she just wanted to see what Lana was capable of.

“More! I need more” Lana said, her eyes twitching as she placed the empty bottle with the others. Her hand resting on the desk as she swallowed forcibly.

“More?” Mary asked incredulously, seriously did this woman have no limits.

Grabbing another Lana uncapped it, taking a deep breath and clearly fighting off more pulses she repeated her process once more. Tipping the water back and soon, it too was gone. A seventh bottle joining the pile.

A moment later Lana let out the loudest groan yet and next to her Mary was starting to sweat too. Her legs tightly crossed and hands resting in her lap as her desperation grew, but that was not the reason. She had all but forgotten her own body, even as her bloated bladder screamed for attention, it was drowned out by the breathless command from the woman next to her.

“More!” Lana said quietly, her hand balled into a fist as she crushed it into the desk.

Pushing over her own bottle Mary bit her lip, well aware of the light shinning of the powder she had poured into it last night. The diuretic not quite as tasteless or hidden as she had hoped, something she would have to work on in the future.

But it seemed Lana was too far down the tunnel to notice as she uncapped and began to chug, the drug flowing down her throat to be absorbed by her body and turn it into even more of a piss producing factory. Lana's kidneys soon to be sent into overdrive and cause her bladder to swell faster and faster as time went on. With only 50 minutes their impact would be limited, but Mary was sure that it would be more than enough to help her friend win.

“Oh god” Lana groaned as she pressed both hands between her legs for a moment, her torso quivering restlessly for a few seconds.

“No, no, no, no” She muttered to herself, her eyes clenched closed. Quickly she raised a hand to her mouth to stifle a burp that threatened to be more that that judging by her worried expression. But a few moments later as sweat began to drip off her and onto the desk, her blonde hair already damp and sticking to her clammy face she said it again.

“More!”

Without hesitation Mary rummaged through her friends bag, finding the remaining 5 bottles from the 12 pack of isotonic water Lana had brought with her, she slid them all towards her friend. Looking down Lana eyed them hungrily, her eyes locking onto the prize even as she winced deeply. Her taught and exposed skin forming goose bumps as she was forced to hold herself again.

Unsteadily she rushed to grab the next bottle uncapping it with some effort and putting it to her lips.

Next to her Mary was in a trance, her friend was pushing her body to absolutely ludicrous limits, levels that she would have thought impossible. Leaning over she uncapped the next bottle just as Lana finished the previous one, almost forcing her friend to take it as she replaced the now empty one. Again and again she replaced the bottles, giving Lana no rest between the onslaught of water until finally she had done it! All 13 bottles now empty rested in front of the two of them, the desk littered with the remnants of both of their desires to see Lana push herself to the absolute limit, if she was not already.

With just 30 minutes to go Mary was starting to think she could hear her friend’s bladder churning inside of her, between the constant moans and groans that she was making. Her entire body was constantly shivering, quivering and shaking as it desperately fought her for control. Her heavily pregnant looking stomach expanding to new monstrous levels. She could have been holding octuplets and not looked as bloated as she did now, her tall frame dwarfed by her bladder as it jutted out of extraordinarily. Doubled over Lana pressed both hands between her legs as she muttered some incoherent incantation to herself.

20 minutes to go and she was grunting loudly, everyone in the class now staring at her as every few seconds through gritted teeth Lana made horrible pained noises. Her face a constant contortion of pain and concentration, the only thing holding her together was her fortitude and will power. Two things that were slowly leaving her as time went on and the water she had forced herself to drink flowed into her beyond full bladder.

10 minutes later and Mary was watching the tears stream down her friends face. But she wasn’t crying, her face betraying no emotion at all. It was simply as if her body was reacting to the pain it was in, without involving her brain. Or perhaps it was simply trying to get rid of the water in anyway it could since she still somehow contained herself. But the quivering and pulses had stopped, or more accurately had become a solid and unending ball of pain within her friend.

But with 6 minutes to go it seemed like something finally broke, or a connection to her brain was re-established. Lana’s eyes suddenly widened as she scrunched herself up and emitted a guttural moan that reverberated around the room.

“Quiet please!” The old woman at the front commanded, her nun like appearance commanding the respect and in some cases fear from the University students.

Lana stifled her moan but Mary could hear her breaths becoming quicker and quicker as she started to hyperventilate. Her eyes darting around the room as panic overtook her. Instantly her hand shot up, shaking manically in the air.

“Yes Lana”

“Please, I…I…I need to go!” She stuttered, her breathing still ragged as he hand shot back down to its resting place between her legs that were moving feverously beneath the desk.

“The test isn’t over yet. You will just have to wait.” The adjudicator said unmovingly.

“I promise you... I’m holding so... so much right now” Lana protested desperately, her hands pressing on the desk as she stood on shaking legs. Another loud moan leaving her as she took faltering steps towards the front of the class and the devices they would all be using to measure themselves.

“Please, remain seated until the test is over. Its just a few more minutes and I’m sure that someone of your stature can manage that.” The woman said, looking down her nose at Lana from her slightly elevated seating position.

“Look at me, my bladder is so full” Lana begged, tears streaming down her face as she danced desperately. Driven to keep walking towards her salvation but not wanting to disobey the strict rules of the school of holding.

“I’m afraid this isn’t a test of volume Mrs wickers, you have 5 minutes remaining and then you will pee into the pre-allocated cylinder.” The woman said, indicating to the devices to her left. Each printed with a student number that matched one of theirs.

“But I can’t hold it” Lana begged, the first time in her life she had done so. With just the admission of needing to go almost breaking her, her control teetering on the edge. Around the room desperate students including Mary watched on with interest. Would the top holder of the school be able to make it?

“You have no choice, if you go now you will fail and your result will be 0” The uncaring woman announced, closing her book with a rather annoyed look on her face now.

“Please you don’t understand…” Lana pleaded, her legs screwing themselves tighter as she doubled over in the middle of the class. Her arms gripping her crotch tightly, a strange gurgling noise emanating from her bladder for a few moments as she groaned loudly again. The room itself otherwise silent as they all watched her plight, some hoping she would break but others like Mary hoping she could survive and measure the colossal volume of pee inside her. Mary had to know what Lana was capable of, she just had to hold it a few more minutes!”

“No it is you that doesn’t understand!” The adjudicator said crossly “These are the rules for this establishment and they will not change for one single student, not even one such as yourself. Otherwise out entire system may as well be disregarded. And I will not have that happen on the account of an over confident rebel such as yourself. Don’t think I didn’t see you downing all that water earlier, you only have yourself to blame. 4 minutes!”

“Please!” Lana begged again.

But it was no use, seconds later she groaned loudly enough that Mary almost had to cover her ears. The pained yell echoing throughout the entire building as Lana threw her head back. Both hands clutching her balloon of a bladder as it exploded on the spot. A deafening splatter akin to a heavy duty book being slammed against a table filled to room as her piss sprayed out of her at break neck pace. The hiss of her heavily pressurised stream as it jetted past her thin white cotton panties drowned out by the thunderous downpour of liquid leaving her. Heavy streams running down the fronts, back and even the outsides of her stocking clad legs. The material strangely lightning as her pee raced down then, shining in the bright lights of the class room.

Convulsing in the middle of the room where she stood, it was clear that Lana had lost any and all control as rather emphatically she started to drown the room in her pee. A puddle running under the other desks, fellow students having to grab their belongings and raise their feet off the ground as the waves of Lana’s pee encroached upon them.

But that wasn’t the worst of it, several of the other women in the class had clearly been on the edge of control and the loud waterworks were not helping their control. A chorus of groans filling the room as several of them leaked, quiet pattering’s and tiny puddles forming as they momentarily lost control. Several in the class now sporting wet patches on their trousers, underwear or skirts, but their years of training helping them to somehow regain control.

For more than three minutes Lana continued to pee, the heavy streams just as powerful almost the entire time as they added to the giant puddle beneath the panting blonde. An ocean expanding almost halfway across the large room, lapping up against the cupboards and book shelves on one side, and even escaping under the door to the room into the corridor. The industrial tiled floor not absorbing any of her accident and displaying its full extent.

“Alright ladies, that’s time!” The task master announced, the edges of her mouth curling into a wicked smile as she watched Lana finally finish disgracing herself.

For her part Mary has been mesmerised by the unfolding of Lana’s accident. As much as she had hoped to see how much her friend was holding, the spectacle that she had just witnessed was more than enough of a consolidation prize, at least for her.

But now as the end of the test was announced, her own need was brought crashing back to her as she groaned hoarsely and pressed her own hands deeper into her crotch. Breathing steadily she tensed all of her muscles, becoming aware of the fire that was occurring inside her. Her own body burning up to do exactly what Lana had just done. But she didn’t have time to think about her friend, she just had to measure herself or all this was for nothing.

Taking slow and considered steps she found her device, those around her sighing in relief or stuck in their chairs as they tried to regain control before making the slow walk to the front. Many of those around her sporting wet patches as they rushed to lower their clothes enough to get the collection tubes in place, not taking the them to the vanities that were positioned at the other end of the class and which could be used to retain their dignity. For most of them their control would not allow another journey, may of them not even surviving the one to the front. Reaching under long pink plead dress she managed to get the funnel like device in place and closing her eyes she revelled in the relief.

....

Laying back in her chair slightly more it creaked, the memories making her sigh as she could almost feel the tremendous satisfaction and bliss of the events of that day.

She had always regretted pushing Lana so far, desperate to know how much she could handle. But instead the yearbook she kept in her desk simply read 0, Lana forever the bottom of the record book despite her immeasurable bladder. Vanessa was the only student she had seen in years that could possibly have been close to her level and, with a year of training still to go, what sort of greatness could the young woman achieve she wondered to herself. Thankfully, the new watches she had specifically designed to avoid missing a measuring ever again, would ensure that if Vanessa ever beat her record of today, in a test or outside it, she would know.

Sighing again she shivered to herself as she opened her eyes, it had been a while since she had done anything close to that hold. A week was no problem for her now, but she rarely felt the adrenaline, the thrill of pushing herself to her absolute limits. The risks for someone in position were too large…but only if she lost it.

Glancing down at the large pitcher of water on her desk she had made up her mind, the nerves in her body tingling with anticipation. Opening the drawer to her desk she took out the small box of tablets, the same tablets she had dropped into the tea earlier that day. Upturning it she felt 9 of the small tablets fall into the palm of her hand, looking down she momentarily weaned in her commitment to about what she was about to do. But feeling the thrill of the moment she upturned her hand and watched as the 9 super strength diuretics started to dissolve in the three-litre pitcher in front of her.

“In for a penny, in for a pound” she muttered, watching the water pour from the pitcher and into the glass she was holding.

Sipping from it her thoughts began to wonder where Lana was now.

###

Thanks for reading, sorry if you were hoping for a direct continuation of the main story.

I'd just had this thought in my head since writing the rest of it and thought it was worth putting out there to explain some of the Universities functions like the watch. Why it had been designed and also give a little insight into how the University has changed and the background of the mysterious Dean Johnson.

Either way I hope you enjoyed this chapter!

