Two Koreas, One Fetish

Author: Male

*000*2019-08-26 22:55

This will be an attempt at a more serious omorashi porno with some semblance of a plot to it. There may also be some more protracted desperation.

###

Min So-Yun was sexy and she knew it. Her smooth brown hair flowed round her pretty face to her shoulders, and her body was just as beautiful. When you look that good, you don’t need a sexy outfit, and she preferred to dress in a cute but comfortable style. As a junior office lady on her first day, she didn’t expect to have to dress too formally, so she needn’t bother with a full suit. A white button up shirt was sufficient for the top, and on her legs she wore a short but modest green skirt with ample pocket space, over a pair of cute white knickers. On her feet she wore short socks and practical flat shoes. She hated the high heels and tight pencil skirts that so many professional ladies felt they had to wear. There was absolutely no reason that skirts and shoes shouldn’t be suitable for running in, and given just how sexy she was, she might need to.

As she rode the train to work, she thought of the possibility that there might be an attractive colleague or two. She knew that her sex drive was a little out of control, but damn, it was fun.

On entering the office, she saw her boss, Mun Ha-yun, waiting for her. Mun Ha-Yun was dressed rather more formally, in a finely tailored black suit with pencil skirt, tights, and painfully high heels. Min So-Yun winced at how painful the shoes must be to wear, but, as a bisexual woman, had to admit that her boss was very sexy indeed. But she did not look pleased to see her.

“So, this is the new girl,” she said, contemptuously. “You’re not dressed appropriately for this job.”

“I’m perfectly respectable,” said Min So-Yun, indignant. “It’s not like I’m wearing my leather miniskirt or something.”

“We expect rather more formal dress of our office ladies here,” said Mun Ha-Yun, obviously enjoying the sight of her body. “Note what I’m wearing and look at yourself.”

“Yes, and it looks rather impractical,” said Min So-Yun. “Though I must admit you do look very nice.”

“You get used to it,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “Come on.”

With her heels clacking on the floor, she strutted into the office. Min So-Yun followed. She noticed that the other ladies were all dressed more formally, too, and the gentlemen all wore formal suits. One gentleman in particular caught her attention. He was reclining in his chair, looking very sophisticated in his suit. His face was powerfully handsome, and his chin was a little stubbly. He was obviously immensely strong, and Min So-Yun could just imagine his rigid abdominals under his shirt...she began to mentally undress him, before realising she was rather getting carried away with herself. She winked at him to try to get his attention, and gyrated her hips a little. He noticed, and smiled. This was going well already.

“This is your desk,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “You’re doing data entry. There will be one scheduled break for refreshments and using the toilet.”

Min So-Yun felt the shock hit her. “Wait, you’re not allowed to use the toilet for hours? That sounds painful...”

“Sometimes, you need to put up with a little discomfort,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “Now sit down and get to work.”

Min So-Yun had drunk a large cup of coffee with breakfast to get herself alert for the job, and another on the train, and they were already going through her fast. The thought of not being able to use the toilet for hours made the growing urge so much worse.

“Can I just use the toilet first?” she asked. “I had a big cup of coffee with breakfast, and, you know...”

“No,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “You use the toilet during break time. That’s it.”

“How long will that be in?” said Min So-Yun, obviously concerned.

“1 PM,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “Now learn to hold it like a big girl and get to work.”

Min So-Yun sat in her chair with a deeply apprehensive look on her face. She was going to have to hold it for 4 hours. 4 hours with 2 large cups of coffee working through her. This was going to be absolute torture, and she really wasn’t sure she was strong enough to endure it. But the alternative – wetting her skirt – was simply unthinkable, especially with that unfathomably sexy gentleman taking interest in her. What would he think if he saw her piss herself like a little girl? She certainly wouldn’t be getting to see him naked, that was for sure.

Talking of sex, she recalled a tip that helped her to endure exams at school with no toilet breaks. Thinking of a sexual fantasy could apparently help to take her mind off her bladder. As she set to work, she imagined him holding her close, slipping his hand up her skirt, pulling down her knickers...she was getting decidedly aroused at the very thought of it. The fantasy was indeed helping her, and she was able to stay focused for the time being. She was extremely grateful she wasn’t one of those weirdos who got off on weeing herself – that would make this strategy extremely difficult. She knew there were men who liked to watch women have accidents, too, but what were the chances that any of them worked there?

The first hour was a struggle, but she managed. Looking at the clock and noticing that there were still 3 hours left, she whimpered in despair. She was already the most desperate she had been since...well, that time she drunk too much lager at the bar and got desperate walking home...and she didn’t make it. Fortunately, no one had seen her accident, and she simply changed out of her wet skirt and had a shower. Here would be a very different story. She didn’t want her obnoxious boss to gloat over her wet skirt, and she certainly didn’t want that dashing gentleman to see her like that. But how on Earth could she possibly hold it that long? She had to try. Just try, and hope against hope that she could wait.

Mun Ha-Yun strutted past her and noticed her grimacing face.

“So, how are you doing?” she said, smiling obnoxiously. “Are you managing to control your bladder like a mature woman?”

“Yes,” said Min So-Yun, clearly irritated. She was starting to think that Mun Ha-Yun was taking a sexual interest in her, and she didn’t like it. That said, she was definitely not getting most of her attention. Mun Ha-Yun spent a lot of time bothering the handsome gentleman; she was obviously a fellow bisexual woman, though certainly not one that Min So-Yun wanted to befriend. The interest did not seem to be mutual.

Once Mun Ha-Yun had gone, Min So-Yun looked over to him and winked again. He smiled back. She definitely had a chance if she asked him out. But probably a lot less of a chance if she did so in a wet skirt.

2 and a half hours were left, and Min So-Yun was in severe pain. She crossed and uncrossed her legs to try to ease the pressure, but the pain was growing every minute. She had to keep her composure, and breathed deeply to try to calm herself. She tried to focus on the dull work she was doing, but it retained her attention as much as she was able to retain her urine – that is, not very well. But this pain was still a lesser evil than the utter humiliation of letting go. That was just unthinkable. She had to hold it.

As 11AM approached, Min So-Yun looked up at the clock and saw the hand creep closer. It was almost halfway. She whimpered internally. Almost halfway. She would have to endure another 2 hours of pain before she could find relief – that is, if she could even make it to the toilet. Her legs were knotted around each other, and she shifted uncomfortably in her chair. How was she going to hold it? But she had to...she had to…

Mun Ha-Yun came by again soon after. She was obviously enjoying Min So-Yun’s torment, though the way she shifted from foot to foot a little when she was standing looked like she had to wee too. Min So-Yun figured she must be some kind of masochist – and her desperation couldn’t be half as bad as what she was feeling.

“Still managing to hold it, then?” she asked.

“Yes,” said Min So-Yun. “I’m finding it difficult to concentrate on my work. If you just let me use the toilet, I -”

“No,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “You have to build discipline. Learn to control yourself.”

“This is just unreasonable,” said Min So-Yun. “Everyone has to wee.”

“Yes, and I learned to control it,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “Now get back to work, you silly little girl, and stop talking back to me.”

Min So-Yun fumed. She reckoned that she could easily beat up her boss if she wanted to – though her ideal revenge would simply be to make her piss that fancy pencil skirt of hers to see how it felt. But she didn’t want to get fired, so she had to just accept it. But that meant accepting the pain of her bladder for another hour and a half. And that pain was becoming truly unbearable. She could feel tears coming to her eyes, but managed to hold them back. Hopefully she could stay strong. Hopefully.

By midday, Min So-Yun was in absolute agony. She felt impressed that she had managed to endure as long as she had, but she felt far more apprehensive about the coming hour, which would surely be more painful than the previous 3 put together. She was ¾ of the way there. She could hold it. She could. She had to draw on all the strength she had, but she could wait. Just 60 more minutes. Just 59 more minutes. Just 58 more minutes…

Mun Ha-Yun came past again. “Still managing to hold it, I see,” she said. She crossed her legs in a way that strongly suggested she needed to go, but nowhere near as badly as Min So-Yun did.

“Yes,” said Min So-Yun. “I can hold it.”

“Good,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “We wouldn’t want incontinent little girls working here. Hopefully you’ll learn to complain a little less about it.”

After her boss walked off again, Min So-Yun looked over to her prospective lover again. He looked a little concerned; he had presumably noticed that she was in significant discomfort. She gave him a cute look, then winced in pain as the urge grew stronger still. She looked at the clock. 50 minutes left. 50 minutes of pain. But she could endure it. After all, the alternative, giving in, was simply unthinkable. She’d probably be fired on the spot, not to mention losing her chance of sex with the hottest man she’d ever seen in her life. She had to wait.

45 minutes remaining. She clutched her bladder with one hand. She had to undo her belt a notch to reduce the pressure on it, and it was bulging firm through her skirt. There must be litres of wee in there. There would be a massive puddle if she didn’t make it...she couldn’t think such defeatist thoughts. She had held it so far, she could hold it some more.

With half an hour remaining, the pain had somehow got even worse. She could hardly think of her work anymore, or anything other than weeing. How could she possibly wait any longer? She clenched her muscles again, but they were tiring out. She was a strong, athletic young lady who loved running, but even she had her limits. A weaker woman would have lost it hours ago. But she was still just about managing to hold it. Somehow.

20 minutes remaining. Words failed to describe the pain she was in. She wasn’t sure how she hadn’t leaked yet. It was so tempting to just let a little out, but she knew she’d lose it all if she did. She had to wait...and wait...and wait…

10 minutes remaining. She was almost there. Just 10 more minutes, and she could use the toilet. She clenched her legs together tighter still. How was she actually going to get out of her chair without weeing? This might prove a serious problem. But first she just had to wait a little longer. Just a little.

The bell rang for breaktime. She had held it for 4 hours, and she could finally use the toilet. Sighing in relief at last, she clutched her bladder and slowly raised herself from her seat. As a wet warmth blemished her white knickers, she realised with horror that she had relaxed a little too much. Squealing in distress, she barely managed to regain control. It was only a little leak. She looked down at her legs. It was fine. No one knew. She carefully took one slow step after another towards the toilet. She absolutely couldn’t let go too early. But it was so tempting...a little more urine spurted into her knickers. She had to keep the rest in, or she’d be humiliated. She had to…

The handsome gentleman came up beside her.

“Hey,” he said, in a deep, smooth voice. “I’m Ban Si-Wu. I noticed you were taking some interest in me earlier. Are you OK?”

“I’m Min So-Yun. And no, I’m bursting to wee,” she said, squirming to prove her point. “Can we talk after I’ve gone?”

“Sure,” he said.

Looking down his body, she noticed that he had a bulge in his trousers. He really did like her. All the more reason that she absolutely had to get to the toilet in time. She was almost there. So close…

“Sorry, young lady, I’m afraid you’ll have to wait,” said Mun Ha-Yun, striding past her into the ladies’ toilet.

“But...you can’t!” said Min So-Yun, finally giving in to tears. “I have to go! Now!” She banged on the door. “Please let me go first...please...”

As she sobbed, she felt herself finally give in. She had reached the limits of her endurance, and she was simply unable to resist any longer. Over a litre of urine cascaded down her trembling legs in torrents. The shameful relief of the accident was far outweighed by the dismay at the humiliating situation. Her tears ran down her face and dripped into the pool.

“Hey,” said Ban Si-Wu, putting his hand on her shoulder. “It’s OK. I saw how hard you struggled to hold it. If she hadn’t pushed in front of you like that, you’d have been fine.”

“I guess I’ve ruined my chance of a date with you tonight...” she said, snivelling.

“No? Why would you?” he said. “Honestly, if I must admit it, you looked really cute when you were potty dancing earlier.”

Min So-Jun stopped crying.

“Are you one of those guys who’s into women weeing themselves?” she whispered, rather inappropriately. “Because I’ve heard of that before.”

“Well...actually...yes,” said Ban Si-Wu. “I know, it’s really fucked up.”

“Not really,” said Min So-Jun. “The way that cunt shoved in front of me was far more fucked up...”

Ban Si-Wu chuckled. “Yeah, she’s quite a tyrant. Not the worst I’ve seen, but...”

“You’ve seen worse?” said Min So-Jun, pitying him. Presumably he meant his experience of conscription.

Before he could answer, Mun Ha-Yun emerged from the toilet.

“Ha,” she said with sneering contempt. “So little missy couldn’t hold it after all. Go and get the mop from the cupboard and clean up your embarrassing little mess. You’ll be paying to replace the carpet.”

“Paying?” said Min So-Jun. “But it was an accident! I couldn’t hold it any longer!”

“They all say that,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “They just lack adequate bladder control. Now stop whining and clean it up.”

“Can I go home and change my skirt afterwards?” said Min So-Jun, knowing it was in vain.

“No,” said Mun Ha-Yun. “You’ll be wearing your wet skirt for the rest of the day. Deal with it.”

Min So-Jun noticed one of her female colleagues was squirming with her hand over her skirt.

“After you,” she said. “It’s too late for me.”

“Thanks so much,” said her colleague, and dashed in for some urgent relief.

###

*002*2019-08-28 09:26

{{4 hours ago, ILoveOmorashi said:

Great story!

}}

I knew you'd like it. I love Asian office lady desperation.

*005*2019-09-04 23:11

{{On 9/1/2019 at 5:54 PM, Cherylicious said:

That was chapter 1? haha

}}

Yes, it was.

