Reasons She Couldn’t Go: long queue

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-06-30 00:56

Long queue

Larissa, Chloe, Natasha and Eve helped each other with make up, clothing adjustments and hair accessories as they excitedly got ready to see Young and Free in concert.

‘You got the tickets safe Chloe?’

‘Yes in my bag all ready. See? Oh come on Eve your hair looks amazing honestly! The taxi will be here in less than ten minutes now.’

‘Would you like me to take these glasses downstairs Larissa? Will I just put them in the kitchen?’

‘Yeah yeah that’s perfect. Mum will put them in the dishwasher. Thanks’

All four had been nibbling crisps and nuts and drinking wine and fizzy juice as they got ready. They had been getting dressed and prepared for well over an hour when they heard a loud toot outside and Larissa’s mum shouted up.

‘Girls! You need to come down NOW! That’s the taxi here! Have a great time girls and remember to stay together and stay safe. Call me Larissa if you need me ok! You know I won’t go to bed until you are back home safe!’

As the four dolled up students raced downstairs to grab coats and jackets and head into the taxi Larissa kissed her mum on the cheek and quickly reassured her. Safe in the taxi the girls giggled excitedly as the taxi headed to the outskirts of the city to the large concert hall. Joining the long queue to get in Eve giggled and crossed her legs.

‘I ought to have used the toilet before we left! I hope we get inside soon as I really wanna wee.’

‘Me too!’

‘What are you two like! There must be over 100 people in front of us! Just don’t think about it and you’ll be fine ok!’

After initially not moving at all finally the queue began moving faster and within twenty minutes the girls were all inside the large atrium and looking for the toilets.

‘I vote we all go now. I’m bursting!

‘Yeah me too! Look I see some!’

The four girls made their way towards the ladies weaving through the crowds, stalls and stewards as they did so. It appeared everyone else at the concert was doing likewise but thankfully for all four girls the queue moved steadily and all four got to relieve themselves before being able to buy some drinks and sweets and heading into the auditorium.

‘This is going to be epic!’ Natasha shouted above the noise of the crowd.

‘Absolutely! Look it’s starting!’ Eve screamed back.

With load bangs and fireworks the live concert began in style and the girls jumped, danced and sang throughout, each of them finishing the drinks and sweets they had bought and buying more in the interval. When out buying more juice Chloe glanced towards the toilets but the queue was out the door so she decided not to bother.

The second half started with more fireworks and more smoke which had the audience screaming with excitement. When the band called up a few people from the crowd the place went wild with excitement but sadly none of the four students were picked, much to all their disappointments.

Finally the three hour event drew to a close and the girls joined the long queue to leave the auditorium, the stewards filing everyone out in seat order. As they waited on their row being ushered out Chloe crossed her legs. ‘Can we go straight to the toilets please?’

‘Again?’

‘Yes! I was going to go at the break but the queue was out the door. I’ll never make it home honestly girls. I’m bursting!’

Eve moved from foot to foot behind Chloe. ‘She’s not the only one Larissa. I didn’t want to miss any of that but I’ve been wanting to go for ages. Come on! Why haven’t they let our row out yet?’

Natasha kept quiet but secretly she was delighted Chloe had mentioned the ladies. She too was desperate but way too embarrassed to say. It seemed only Larissa didn’t want to go but Natasha wasn’t sure if that was just bravado. She often tried to hold off longer than the rest of them but then Natasha had seen her having to go behind a bush more than once as her bravado broke and she was almost wetting herself. Natasha smiled but tightened her muscles hoping it wasn’t obvious how desperate she was too.

‘Right ok! We’ll go straight the the toilets then call the cab. It’s heaving here so maybe there will be a few less people by then. At least we are moving now. Try stick together. It’s madness here!

The girls filed out into the large auditorium and headed for the ladies. They went straight to the ones they used earlier but Chloe protested that the queue wasn’t just out the door but almost back to the main entrance this time!

‘What? There’s no way I can wait in that! I’ll wee myself before I even get inside the door!’

Natasha silently agreed as she felt another spasm but tried to look as natural as possible. Larissa laughed ‘even I would be bursting by the time we got to those toilets and I don’t even need it!’ (Which was a lie but she wasn’t going to let the others know that)

Chloe danced around high on alcohol and the music.

‘We need to find some other ones! Come on!’

The group headed further along the large wide atrium going against the crowd and heading away from the main door. They were stopped by an usher.

‘Hey you’re going the wrong way! The exit is this way please.’

Chloe, the boldest, went right up to the tall male usher. ‘Hey mate. Listen. I really need the loo. We’re just looking for a ladies ok?’

‘Well you won’t find any up this way sorry. There’s some at the entrance on your right.’

Larissa spoke up. ‘Yes we saw those ones but the line is HUGE and my friend Chloe here will pee herself in that queue. Come on! Let us use some other ones? Please?’

The usher stood firm.

‘Sorry ladies. For security reasons you can’t go any further. I’m afraid you need to head back to the entrance. Thank you.’

Natasha was mortified. Not only did she hate breaking rules but she felt so embarrassed that Larissa, her friend, had embarrassed Chloe by telling a stranger she was about to pee herself. Granted Chloe was dancing around holding herself like a kindergarten child but even so! She pulled at Larissa and Eve’s arms and walked towards the entrance. Eve remained quiet too but she did comment softly that she hoped the queue would move quick. Natasha did too.

The queue was still almost at the entrance but the four girls reluctantly joined anyway.

‘What about we just call a cab and go at our own homes?’ Larissa asked five minutes later when they had barely moved.

Chloe, who was still dancing, answered first. ‘God no! By the time you call a cab, then we wait, then it drops Eve and you off I’ll be sitting in a puddle. Just let’s wait here now. At least it’s moving a bit. God I’m bursting though!’

Eve moved from foot to foot her hands in her jeans shorts pocket. ‘I’d rather wait too please.’

‘Ok! But this is madness!’

Natasha tried standing still but even concentrating hard the pulses between her legs were strong and the need to move intense.

The lined moved a little more but the conversation became less as each girl battled her own private war.

Finally they could at least see the door though there was still over twenty girls in front. Chloe lost more and more dignity as she pressed both hands between her miniskirt and tights, her far too high shoes making it hard for her to balance. ‘I’m dying to pee so much. Do you think anyone would let me skip the queue? I have to go so badly it’s ridiculous. I so need to pee!’

Eve flushed as a strong urge hid. She silently crossed her legs and leaned on the wall though she could feel her underwear getting damp. She ached for release so much. She too doubted if she would make it.

Natasha tapped her foot on the floor willing the queue to disappear as her urethra pushed and pushed rhythmically against her leather trousers and thong.

Larissa wasn’t going to let on how much her bladder hurt but the waist on her jeans was digging in so when the others weren’t looking so up did the top button. That helped a little but not much.

A short while later and Chloe was almost in tears. ‘I’m not gonna make it. I can’t hold this. It’s so urgent!’

Eve tried to encourage her though she doubted if she would manage either.

‘It’s ok Clo. It’s moving again see. We’re at the door now.’

But it was no good. Brazen, bursting and bolstered by alcohol Chloe hunched down against the wall as a loud hiss made the others stare.

‘Sorry! I just couldn’t wait another second!’

Pee formed a large warm puddle around her high strappy shoes as the pressure burst through her knickers and tights in a powerful stream.

‘Oh God. That’s so much better though!’

The others looked at Chloe with a mix of shock, jealousy and disbelief.

Larissa spoke first. ‘Geez you can pee girl! Bet you won’t be the first to do that here! This is crazy having to wait this long!’

While everyone had been watching Chloe Eve had been forced to loosen the button on her jeans shorts such was the ache in her bladder. She rubbed her distended bladder as she leaned against the wall, avoiding the spreading puddle. It was getting beyond uncomfortable and now painful to keep holding the huge amount of urine her bladder held.

As the queue moved again Chloe stood up and stepped over her puddle looking embarrassed but happy.

Natasha was now in the lead and just inside the door she could now see a row of cubicles on each side but worse was the ladies washing their hands. She pressed a hand between the crotch of her leather trousers. ‘Oh my God this is torture! First seeing someone pee themselves now seeing folk washing hands. I really really need to go so bad’, which showed as she paced from foot to foot with a hand tight between her legs.

Larissa never admitted needing to pee. She was proud of that but even she was struggling to keep her need hidden. ‘It’s bad isn’t it. Even I’m bursting now we’ve been waiting this long!’

They moved a little more but Eve stood silently leaning against the wall concentrating so much so hadn’t noticed the queue move.

Chloe noticed she hadn’t moved,

‘Eve? You ok there? You falling asleep?’

Little did anyone know that pulling Eve out her holding zone would be too much. She turned as Chloe called her name but the lapse of concentration when another crucifying urge surged through her was all it took. Eve looked down ashamed in silence as warm liquid dribbled down her inside leg as the crotch of her denim shorts changed colour. With her arms rigid straight by her side, her hands tightly clenched to try and stop peeing it was all too little too late as against all her fight urine continued to race down both her bare legs and into her pump shoes. She hadn’t even made it into the door let alone a cubicle. Oh the shame.

Chloe giggled, Natasha marched on the spot frantically inside the door and Larissa tried acting cool despite an intense need to piss overwhelming her.

Chloe found it hilarious no longer being alone in embarrassment.

‘Two down! Two to go! Haha!’

Natasha’s pride took over. ‘What do you mean? I ain’t gonna piss myself! No chance! You two wait outside. Larissa and I will be back soon!

The door closed behind Natasha as the queue moved again. Now just six in front including Larissa who was now unashamedly dancing like Chloe had and moaning.

Finally a stall became available and Larissa ran in, yanking her tight leather trousers down as best she could but only getting them barely over her butt cheeks when the heavens opened! Pee gushed our furiously as Larissa tried learning forwards to make her pee stream fire backwards to avoid soaking her clothes. Hovering over the pan she felt tipsy with delight, even dizzy at finally getting release after so long. Her pee kept flowing steadily whilst Natasha was still outside waiting.

Finally another stall became free and Natasha walked in. Inside facing the toilet the intensity of her need became incredibly strong and try as she might her jeans just wouldn’t budge over her distended bladder. She shook with need as first a dribble then a strong trickle escaped. She tried pulling at her jeans again but they just wouldn’t budge. With no choice left she sat on the toilet and wanted to scream as her bladder gave out and her jeans got soaked. This couldn’t be happening! Not to her!

But it was, just as it happened to Chloe and Eve and almost happened to Larissa. It’s just what can happen when you can’t go because of a long queue. It really can happen to any woman.

*005*2020-06-30 21:32

{{3 hours ago, pguy69 said:

This is superb, your best in this series, I love it! I have often fantasised about how desperate some of the girls must be, filled with alcohol in those LOOOONG queues that form after events!

}}

Thank you! Still more to come yet so hopefully you like those too.

*007*2020-07-01 20:48

{{49 minutes ago, pguy69 said:

I'm sure I will! I love your stories!

}}

Thank you! That means a lot to me

*009*2020-07-02 21:37

{{23 minutes ago, New_Macca said:

I love all your stories but this one may be a new favourite thank you

}}

You are very welcome

