The crazy week long sleepover

Author: Mrsoaked

*000*2022-07-31 06:59

Chapter one: epilogue/ day 1

Warning!: there is messing in this story you have been warned

The month before all this crazy fun happened was fairly normal for Rachel, a girl with a slim body, brown eyes, such blonde hair that it almost seemed white, freckles scattered around her face, she was about 5 foot 8 inches, and had a medium sized nose leaning towards small, it was nearing summertime almost time for a break and her parents were planning a date trip for one whole week with just the two of them. Since Rachel was an only child she would have the house all to herself for a week so she planned on inviting a few of her girlfriends over to have a week long sleepover.

The first week of summer was finally here and Rachel had ordered a few packs of adult diapers for some fun games she had been planning to play. She invited 2 of her friends Brianna and Crystal who had all had been intrigued by the thought of wetting. So she said goodbye to her parents and waited eventually Crystal arrived she was a little shorter than Rachel standing at 5 feet 5 inches, she had jet black hair with grayish black natural highlights in it, she had blueish green eyes and was a little chubbier than Rachel but since Rachel was very skinny it made Crystal normal sized.

They talked and discussed how much fun they were going to have this week until Brianna arrived, she was taller than the others at 5 feet 10 inches, she hat brown hair, brown eyes, and, at the moment, had an excessive amount of makeup, they all talked for awhile before deciding to start their first bit of fun. Swimming! They swam for an hour and a half before getting out, drying off and changing back into their clothes. Then they decided to have the fun they had been planning for a while now, a contest and not just any contest a holding contest. So they all peed and then put on the adult diapers Rachel ordered prior to the event they were all in just bras and diapers now they planned on drinking 1 liter of water every hour. They downed their water easily, for now…

”so what now?” Asked Rachel

”not sure, maybe watch a movie and wait for the water to set in our bladders?” Suggested Brianna

”sounds good to me” replied Crystal

They chose the movie “The Lion King” to watch and halfway in Crystal started too feel the water set in. For all the girls it only got worse from there, an hour into the movie they all downed another liter of water it was harder this time though as they all had to pee quite badly Rachel couldn’t help but to peepee dance , and Brianna held her crotch. They decided to turn off the movie and focus on the competition. Half an hour later they were all desperate to pee but didn’t want to lose the challenge Crystal got up from where she was sitting “ugp!” An interesting sound crystal made thought Rachel

”I leaked a ton!” Exclaimed Crystal

”what decides when your out of the challenge?” Asked Brianna

”I think it should be when you fully wet” said Rachel

”alright” the other two replied in unison

Rachel and Brianna stood up too and Brianna leaked a little too but not as much at Crystal they all peepee danced and squirmed around Crystal squeezed her thighs together as hard as she could, while Brianna pushed her hand on her crotch pretty hard to reinforce her bladder muscles. They reached the third hour of the challenge and drank their third liter of water although Crystal protested she ended up drinking it and they were all close to losing the challenge when suddenly Brianna and Rachel hear a huge sigh of relief as Crystal stands still

(Crystals perspective) “oh god this is so bad” she thought as she felt the horrible pressure in her bladder she felt as if she was trying to hold an elephant with her bladder with how hard she was squeezing “I’m going to lose!” She thought as she leaked a lot into her diaper, when suddenly a warmth spread through her crotch to her butt as she sighed with relief not yet realizing she was completely wetting herself she sat there for a good minute as the diaper got heavier and heavier until the pee started going down her leg she was leaking out of her diaper! It kept going down until there was a puddle of urine at her feet

All that just happened was really crazy and arousing for the other two girl but they were still holding on trying not to end up like Crystal, who decided to stay in her soaked diaper and cleaned up her mess.

It was getting late almost 8:00 and both Brianna and Rachel were holding on for dear life when it did turn 8 they both reluctantly drank their liter of water

“Can I just go to the bathroom?” Asked Brianna

”only if it’s in your diaper” said Rachel

”fine” said Brianna

”I give up” Brianna said as she started flooding her diaper with what seemed like gallons of pee and the stream seemed to go on for hours but Brianna didn’t care because it felt soooo good like Crystal it pooled around her feet but it was a much larger puddle.

“Yes!!” Exclaimed Rachel while she too flooded her daiper with a total was of urine it was almost endless as it added up flowing down her leg and pooling at the floor almost as if the diaper wasn’t there at all they all stayed in their filled diapers and decided to go to sleep.

Crystal woke up late that night and felt a bad pain in her gut and realized she needed to poop, she decided she was wearing a diaper why not use it so she let go of her pain as she messed her diaper it was much more than she expected it made a very noticeable bulge in her diaper it felt really good though and did turn her on it was so warm as it squished against her butt.

End of chapter one

What should they do tomorrow?

Do they change?

Do the others mess in the morning?

Please answer these questions to add your opinion to the story and any constructive criticism is taken well I’m a new writer and this is my first story and other things you’d like to see happen please tell me

