Tea at the Breakfast Place (loosely based on true events)

Author: Meowth

*000*2017-02-09 07:26

Well, it certainly has been awhile since I've posted anything here. Was bored and decided to whip this one up; did it a few months ago, but finally got around to proofreading and posting it. Most of my time has been spent writing commissions, almost all of which have been of a furry omorashi nature--but I felt it was time to do something free and more individualized. If you're interested in things like that, check the links on my profile to see where I have posted them, though some of them may be invisible without relevant accounts!

Also, the name associated with this "loosely true story" has been changed.

Enjoy!

Tea at the Breakfast Place

My favorite thing about taking Sara out to the 24 hour breakfast place was her choice in drinks--the sweet tea. She would burn through at least two full glasses, and sometimes start on a third, before we left.

It usually only led into some leg bouncing and light fidgeting, but that was preferable to the times where we stayed extra late and she chose the public bathroom over waiting. The ride home was only twenty minutes, something of a sweet spot by my standards, but two to three glasses of tea was also a lot of liquid, so I could only expect so much.

She told me she had been avoiding public bathrooms for as long as she could remember, which led me to believe she had grown fairly comfortable with having a somewhat full bladder. That on its own had made small, desperate scenarios pretty common, but they'd gotten even more common after she'd learned about my interests.

However, despite an increase in frequency, she wasn't willing to hold it much longer, at least in public, which meant the situations I really looked forward to--the ones where she nearly had an accident--were only slightly more common. Honestly, what I wanted to see more than anything else was for her not to make it, but according to her, she had never pissed herself bad enough for it to make it to her pants. She'd never had “an accident”--by her standards-- as a teen or adult, with the exception of a few things she had done for me in private, on request. I had hope it would happen eventually, but I usually just tried to be content with what I was getting, which was probably more than the average omorashi aficionado.

On this particular night, however, she started on her third glass of tea fairly early on, taking slow sips of it after essentially inhaling the last two glasses. This was always an unfortunate sight for me, because it was often a harbinger of an incoming bathroom visit, and since we were both getting particularly invested in our conversation, I knew there was little chance we would be leaving early—we never did on nights like these.

For the time being, I was content with having such a stimulating back and forth, and didn't want to let my greed muck things up; but when I called for the check, I was pleasantly surprised when she did not excuse herself. As I paid and we stood from the table, I kept waiting for some familiar words and a bittersweet trot toward the restrooms, but it never came. I thought I could see some internal questioning going on as she collected her box of leftovers, and even thought her legs were a bit closer together than normal, but it may have just been my overly stimulated imagination.

When we headed back to the car, I didn't think much would come of the event, but I was excited nonetheless for what could possibly be a little more squirming than normal, or something equally unremarkable. I had learned to set my expectations low for this kinda thing, since I could never really tell how things would go for sure, and this always gave me some kind of satisfaction with the turn out. This time, however, when we got in the car, she twisted around and placed the box of leftovers in the backseat, and upon returning to a normal sitting position, I saw her squirm the slightest bit while putting a hand on her upper thigh.

“Damn, I probably should have gone to the bathroom...”

She muttered something to that effect and looked at me with what looked like a mixture of faux-worry and playful-pleading. This sort of comment was unusual for her, as she normally endured silently. At which point she realized her bladder was actually quite full, I was not sure, but it seemed twisting around had made the fact clear.

I looked over at her for a moment but didn't reply. Had it been anybody else, I'd have offered to wait while they went back in, but since I was with Sara, and she knew about my fetish, I just put it in reverse and reveled in the fact I could do something like this and have there be no hard feelings. She could have asked me to stop if she had wanted to, but she probably didn't think such a thing would be needed. Her confidence in being able to hold a lot of piss for exceptionally long periods of time was not misplaced.

I feel this would be a good point in the story to stop and give a run down of her looks. She was a light-skinned Hispanic with short black hair and a very cute face that seemed to straddle a strange line between “boyish charm” and “model hot.” I can't remember the exact shirt, but it was nothing fancy, some kind of t-shirt that fit relatively loosely on her, casual for sure. She was wearing a pair of fairly new looking jeans that were tight around the thighs and hips, but paradoxically a bit loose at the waist, making slight shows of her underwear easy if she was not careful when she bent over. I wasn't sure of her exact cup size, but I would wager somewhere between a and b. Small, but it fit her well and looked very natural, both under clothing and in the nude.

To supplement for the lack of weight on top, she had a somewhat bottom-heavy look. Her hips were wide compared to her fairly small build, and her thighs went along with them perfectly--one size above normal, one size below “too big.” Her butt wasn't huge, but as it goes with large thighs and hips, it wasn't small either. I would argue it was possibly the most aesthetically pleasing part of her body, though that was heavily in relation to how perfectly it fit on her. Her pear-like figure was resemblant of classical Greek sculpture, where the women were usually a psychologically pleasing place between small and large—I was truly thankful to be with somebody so attractive.

Pulling out of the parking lot and on to the road required us to drive over a bump, one that always had to be hit with a certain amount of speed in order to avoid the oncoming traffic. I hit it and the car shook violently. Once I was driving safely in a lane, I glanced over at her and found both of her hands on her thighs, her legs closed tightly. Her body again invoked thoughts of a Greek sculpture, and it made me regret the lack of desperate poses in their art.

Within just a couple minutes of driving, one of her legs started to bounce rapidly. She was sitting straight up, rather stiffly. A few moments later she spoke:

“Wow, I really gotta piss.”

I remember she said that exactly, because of how unusual it was. For starters, she didn't normally say “piss,” and on top of that, most of her commentary, if any, happened a bit later into the drive, usually when we were getting closer to home.

“That bad, huh?”

“Yeah.” The earlier comments hadn't seemed too stressed, but this one had the definite markings of worry in her tone. I swallowed in anticipation and went silent.

It wasn't long until both of her legs were starting to bounce up and down, at first in a steady, consistent pattern, but after a bit, in uneven, shifting motions that seemed to stop and restart suddenly, as if without any calculation on her part. In the corner of my eyes I saw her lean forward a bit, and when I glanced over, I caught the movement of her throat as she swallowed and the casual placement of her hand between her legs. I knew she had noticed my glance, but she didn't look over at me. She did, however, speak a moment later:

“Oh my god. “ Her tone was shaky, somewhere between worry and awe. I had only heard her like this a few times, and that was usually when she was steps away from a toilet; those events were normally the rare treats that had ended in a change of panties. Looking at her then, I wondered if I would be treated to one of those events, or if possibly something more would occur.

Around the time we reached the ten minute mark, she crossed her legs, keeping her hand wedged tightly between them as she did it. One of her legs was alternating between stillness and bouncing, changing every few minutes, while the other was pinned firmly to the ground. She was letting out small moans and frequent words of complaint, which was very unusual for her, and she did this at least once every minute.

About seventeen minutes into the ride she spoke up again:

“Oh my God, please hurry.” Her eyes widened. Her back was stiff and her entire body jiggled with the sharp vibrations of her leg. She hadn't switch positions since assuming it, and was no doubt afraid to try anything different.

It was around this point that I realized her desperation had been going up and down. At points, her leg would stop and she would relax, just a bit, enough for me to notice, and then after a few minutes, it would escalate again, and she would start jiggling and complaining up a storm. On top of that, this pendulum effect seemed to be moving increasingly quick with each passing interval.

When we made it twenty one minutes into the trip—I should add the twenty minute estimate was when I sped, but due to truly 'extraneous' circumstances, I had disavowed my crude, speeding ways and assumed the role as a law-abiding citizen—she spoke up again:

“I'm about to piss myself.” She said it calmer than she had uttered the other things, almost as if she was getting used to the unbearable pressure. “It's so bad.... Please hurry.” The second part was slightly more urgent.

Looking down at the speedometer I sped up about one mile per hour—technically obliging her request. A few moments later, I saw her body begin to quiver and I noticed her face grow strained. She started bouncing, and then stopped and stiffened up after a few moments. She then started bouncing again and repeated the process about four times before she got stiffer and started to lean forward, keeping her hand viced between her crossed legs, presumably pressing as tightly as she could against her groin. The noise that then came from her throat had to have technically been a grunt, but it sounded somewhere between a moan and a squeak. After a few moments, I noticed her body relax just a smidgen and she started bouncing her foot again.

I placed my hand on her thigh and rubbed it in a slow, soothing pattern. “You alright?”

“...I leaked.”

“... How bad?”

“I can feel it.”

I swallowed, the intense feeling of arousal making it hard to think. “How bad...? Like, on the your pants bad?”

“No. I don't think so, but my underwear is pretty wet.”

After that, we went silent again. In a way, I had already gotten what I wanted, but we still had a couple minutes before we would make it home, and even though it seemed like her urge had been relieved a bit, I still had hope this could be the accident I'd been waiting so long for.

The rest of ride went by without much of a hitch, though it is worth noting within thirty seconds of our conversation her leg started bouncing again.

When we pulled on to our street I saw her spine straighten out as she undid her seat belt. She muttered “oh my God...” under her breath, leaned in, and swallowed, keeping her legs crossed and her hand pincered the entire time.

The moment we pulled into the parking lot, the overhead light of the car turned on, indicating she had cracked open the door. I saw her staring downward, toward the bottom of the car door, as I pulled in and brought us to a stop. She swallowed and with one swift motion uncrossed her legs and practically leaped out onto the asphalt. Before I got out, I saw her grimace through the passenger window from the sudden shift in gravity. With no regard for whether or not she was seen, she kept her hand pressed firmly into her groin. I quickly took my keys and headed off after her.

She lead the way with a quick swagger, swinging her wide butt back and forth with each step. Her thighs stayed together, rubbing against each other as she masterfully maneuvered through the hallways--with impressive speed, I might add. I followed close behind, knowing that if I didn't, she would more than happily leave in the elevator without me.

When we got to the elevator, we had to wait for it to come down to us, and there wasn't a moment where she stood still. At first it was just intense, obvious squirming, one foot to the other, hip swinging at the very least, all while she was grabbing herself, but after a few moments, she started pacing, as if the act of standing still would break her.

When the elevator arrived, we both got on and I was treated to the same thing: intense squirming and soon pacing in circles, like she was running from the urge in a Benny Hill skit. I thought about keeping the door open to mess with her, but I felt like things had gotten a bit too intense for me to play that game. That one might make her legitimately mad.

“Fuck... I'm leaking...”

She said it with quick, short breaths. I could only imagine the state of her underwear, and I wondered if urine was beginning to dribble through. In the back of my mind, it occurred to me that while situations like this involving her were incredibly rare, they were not entirely unprecedented, but an actual accident up to then had been. I felt my heart beating heavily and loudly in my chest. There was a chance, but still no guarantee...

When the elevator stopped, she shot off like a rocket, thighs remaining together as her butt and thighs swung back and forth through the hallway. She was already reaching into the tight pockets of her jeans to remove the apartment key.

When we reached the apartment door, she reached forward and initially missed the locked, missing it a few more time with follow up stabs. In her frazzled state, she wouldn't be able to do it while squirming. She bit down on her lower lip and came to a stop. I saw her face tighten as she delicately maneuvered the key into the lock, and in the instant she turned the knob, her eyes widened.

“Shit, shit, shit...!”

The expletives said it all. She ran into the apartment and down the hallway toward the bathroom. I waited in the living room for about seven minutes before I heard the sound of the shower running in the bathroom. It ran for only two to three minutes and then it turned off. The results were pretty obvious, and I struggled with not pleasing myself right there on the couch, however I waited with bated breath for the degree of her accident and the damage she had inflicted on her jeans.

When the door opened, there was a moment's hesitation, and then a pantless form, clutching something in its hands, darted off into our bedroom and swung the door closed before I could get a good image of what had happened. I sat for a moment and wondered how to salvage the situation. I stood up before it was too late and rushed to the bedroom.

I knocked and asked if I could come in.

“Umh... yeah.”

She hesitated for a moment, no doubt choosing to answer in the affirmative entirely because of my fetish. When I walked in, the first thing I saw was her butt aimed at me, as she was bent down in front of our dresser procuring a change of clothes. She still had her panties on, bikini-style, cotton, a tasteful shade of white, a yellow-tinted dark spot starting about an inch above her butt cheek and extending all the way down her crotch. There were intermittent patches of varying sizes extending up her butt, all the way up to the hem of the panties, presumably from being unable to stop her stream even for the moment it would take to remove the underwear. Sitting askew on her floor were the jeans, their piled shape amorphous, but dark spots visible in the mess.

“So, uh... Looks like things didn't go too well.”

I said something dopey to that effect.

“Yeah,” she turned around and smiled at me. It was a strange smile, very calm, possibly one of relief, not just in having gotten to pee, but in knowing her accident, a normally embarrassing and difficult experience, had brought me great pleasure. “I lost it when I was trying to unlock the door.”

“... What happened?”

Still standing in her panties, her change of clothes in hand, she explained. Through a small series of verbal back and forths, I essentially gathered that when she reached the door, standing still had done her in, and she had started to wet herself as she was opening the door. When she was running, she temporarily managed to regain a little control, but each step had caused a small to large leak, and the moment she entered the bathroom and came to a relative stop to the close the door, she was essentially, full-on peeing her pants.

As she regarded it, she got her pants off “with light speed” so the damage could have been a lot worse, but there was no denying by the dark spots on her jeans it had been bad. I was disappointed she had already removed the jeans, and attempted to get her to put them back on to model them for me, but she was grossed out by the idea. I felt bad insisting, but the event was a rare one, and it didn't take long before she caved. She slipped on the jeans and I examined the wet spot.

The spot wasn't as bad as I was expecting, but was still extremely noticeable. There wasn't anything visible from the front when she had her legs closed, but once she opened them, one could see the saturation that had run down the sides and back of her thighs. When she turned around, I found a much more noticeable trail of wetness, encroaching a few inches up to her butt cheeks, but most of it centering around her groin, growing out about two and a half inches in width, and then crawling down her legs, making a solid patch of wetness just past the half way point to her knees.

After that she removed the jeans and panties and showered again, and the stuff beyond that is better left unstated. Hopefully you all enjoyed this occasion as much as I did!

