Emma's traffic jam desperation

Author: MaxMorgan

*000*2025-01-04 22:28

This story focuses on female desperation and leaking, with incidental description of a male desperation and public peeing.

Hi everyone! I'm a long time lurker, but this is my first ever post. I love reading pee stories, and I wish there were more high quality works of fiction out there. For that reason I've decided to write a novella focused on pee desperation/public peeing/wetting. I'm only a few chapters in so far, but wanted to share an excerpt from chapter 1 with everyone here 😀 let me know if you liked this, and if you'd like to read more! I'll continue to post parts from the novella as I work on it, and would love to hear your feedback or ideas you'd like to see in the book. I'm also open to commissions so if you have anything specific you'd like to read, hit me up and we can chat!

###

The effects of skipping the bathroom really started to catch up with Emma an hour after her McDonald’s stop. She had finished her litre of electrolytes as well as her large coffee, and her bladder was getting uncomfortably full. Deciding it necessitated a bathroom break before it became too painful, she pulled over to search for a public toilet along her route on Google Maps. She was now in the middle of open countryside so businesses were few and far between, but she was able to locate a gas station about 20 minutes away and just slightly off her intended route. Setting her navigation to the gas station, she squeezed her legs together and hoped that the detour wouldn’t cause her to be late to the conference.

As she drove on, the pressure in her bladder continued to build steadily. In her head she cursed herself for drinking so much liquid and not predicting the consequences. She checked her Google Maps as she rounded a sweeping bend, seeing that she had just ten more minutes before she reached the bathroom. As soon as she looked back up at the road, she had to pump the brakes - a huge queue of cars was stopped just around the corner! The car shuddered to a complete stop, throwing Emma forwards in her seat. Her seatbelt slammed hard into her bladder, causing a stream of urine to squirt powerfully out into her pants. Emma gasped and shoved her hand between her legs, squeezing hard on her crotch to stop the stream. She was completely shocked, unable to believe what had just happened. Nothing like this had ever happened to her before.

She removed her hand from her crotch and attempted to process her situation. A jet of pee had soaked the crotch of her underwear and pants, but most of her butt was dry and she didn’t think it had soaked through into the seat of her car. Traffic had fully come to a standstill around her, and if she craned her neck she could see a car crash had occurred about a kilometre down the road, blocking the lanes both ways. She started to reverse her car, trying to turn around and find another route, but three cars quickly joined the queue behind her and her car was blocked on all sides.

30 minutes later, Emma had accepted that she was certainly going to be late to Root. A tow truck was just arriving to move the crash off the road, but it would take some time. Her bladder was screaming, full to the brim and bulging out of her abdomen. She massaged it idly, trying to take her mind off the pain by thinking of other things, but it was hard to ignore the mounting pressure on her urethra. Just ahead of her car, a car door opened and a man stepped out.

He was squeezing his own crotch and he scrambled down the ditch next to the road, presumably to get some privacy, but Emma could see him clearly. He released his grip on his crotch to fumble with his belt buckle, and she saw a spot of urine begin to darken on the front of his blue jeans. He frantically yanked open his fly and grabbed his penis out of his underwear, pee flying out wildly on all angles as he pulled it out. Emma felt her face flush hot with embarrassment, and tried to avert her eyes, but she found that she just couldn’t look away. Her eyes were locked on his penis as his pee rushed out in a thick clear stream, hitting the gravel of the ditch and running down between his feet into the roadside grass.

Emma’s bladder began to squeeze down heavily as she watched the man relieve his own desperation right in front of her. He tipped his head back in relief, and she could hardly think as her body responded desperately, wanting that release for itself. Her urethra began to pulse, cramping with the difficulty of holding back the tidal wave in her bladder. Her vision started to blur at the edges, and with the small part of her brain that was still working she realized she had a few seconds, at most, to get out of the car before she had a full blown accident.

She took her hands out of her crotch for a second to undo her seatbelt and open the door, and although all her muscles were clamped down, she felt a small stream of urine begin to trickle involuntarily out of her. As she opened the door, she looked up and realized with dismay that the tow truck had moved away and the cars in front of her were starting to creep forwards. There was no way she could get out of the car now, and she let out a small cry as she realized she had no choice but to drive on.

