Alice's Journey

Author: MagiYumi

*000*2025-08-10 19:58

Alice glanced down at her phone for what felt like the hundredth time, her stomach twisting with dread as the screen illuminated. 20 minutes until arrival.

A sharp shiver ran through her body, her muscles tensing as she fought the growing pressure in her bladder. She exhaled slowly through her nose, willing herself to stay calm, but the steady thrum of the train’s wheels against the tracks only seemed to amplify her discomfort.

Her thighs pressed together instinctively, and she rubbed them in small, anxious circles, as if the motion could somehow ease the urgency. 20 minutes. Just 20 minutes. She could hold it that much longer.

Shifting subtly in her seat, Alice let her hand drift to the front of her pale blue shorts, applying the faintest pressure in a desperate attempt to stave off the inevitable.

Her reflection stared back at her from the window—wispy brown hair slightly tousled from the journey, framing a face that looked far more strained than she’d like. Her hazel eyes, usually warm and bright, were now wide with barely concealed distress, dark lashes fluttering every time a fresh wave of urgency hit.

She swallowed hard, forcing herself to focus on the blur of trees and fields rushing past instead of the relentless pressure building inside her.

This trip was meant to be fun—a chance to reconnect with Nina, an old friend who’d moved away for university. When planning the journey, Alice had been charmed by the idea of taking the train.

There was something undeniably romantic about rail travel, the way it was depicted in old novels and films: elegant compartments, scenic views, the rhythmic lull of motion. Back home, there was only one station, its routes limited to a handful of destinations. By sheer luck, Nina’s new home state had been one of them.

But reality had fallen painfully short of fantasy. The train was cramped, the seats stiff and unforgiving, and—most critically—there was no bathroom. If she’d known, she would’ve skipped the 3 large glasses of orange juice at breakfast, would’ve resisted the small bottle of water she’d absentmindedly sipped while waiting for the train to arrive.

Even after using the station bathroom before boarding, the floodgates were threatening to burst. Every bump sent a fresh jolt of panic through her, her body reminding her, loudly, just how much liquid was fighting to escape.

A sharp hum vibrated through the cabin as the train’s air conditioning roared back to life, sending an icy gust swirling through the compartment. Alice tensed as the sudden chill prickled against her skin, raising goosebumps along her legs and arms.

She had dressed for the sweltering summer heat—lightweight pale blue shorts, thin-strapped sandals, and a loose, long-sleeved shirt made of breathable linen—but now, the relentless blast of cold air cut straight through her.

Her fingers curled into the fabric of her shorts, gripping tightly as another involuntary shiver wracked her body. The cold wasn’t just uncomfortable; it was aggravating her already desperate situation, sending fresh tremors through her abdomen and making her bladder twinge in protest.

‘Working AC, but no bathroom? Are you serious?’ The bitter thought hissed through her mind as she clenched her teeth.

With a quiet, frustrated sigh, she shifted again, crossing her right leg tightly over her left in a futile attempt to ease the pressure. The movement did little to help. If anything, the slight compression only made her more aware of the relentless fullness weighing low in her pelvis.

Then, without warning, a fresh wave of desperation surged through her, hot and urgent. Her breath hitched as she felt the unmistakable, unrelenting press of her overfilled bladder bearing down, demanding release.

A soft, involuntary whimper escaped her lips before she could stop it, and she swallowed hard, her throat suddenly dry. The need was all-consuming, blotting out every other thought, every other sensation. Her entire body hyper-focused on the throbbing pressure between her thighs.

Instinctively, she clenched her pelvic muscles, squeezing as hard as she could, praying the ache would ease even slightly. But the relief was fleeting, the urgency returning twice as strong the moment she relaxed.

Gritting her teeth, she snatched up her phone again, her fingers trembling slightly as she checked the time. 15 minutes left. Just 15 more minutes of this torture, and then she could bolt off the train, sprint through the station, and finally, finally find a bathroom. The thought was the only thing keeping her sane.

Relief was close.

******

The train's final lurch to a halt sent an unexpected jolt through Alice's body, making her gasp as her overstrained muscles struggled to contain the sudden pressure shift. The metallic hiss of opening doors might as well have been angels singing. Salvation was here.

In her mind's eye, she saw herself leaping with unrestrained joy, but reality demanded careful, calculated movements. Every slight adjustment sent dangerous signals through her nervous system, her body teetering on the brink of catastrophic release.

With nails digging into the armrests, Alice forced herself to remain seated while other passengers filed out. She studied each traveler's casual gait with bitter envy, her knees welded together so tightly they ached. Only when the last commuter was several paces ahead did she dare attempt standing, a maneuver that now felt as precarious as defusing a bomb.

The moment she shifted her weight, gravity became her enemy. An impossible heaviness dragged at her core, and she felt a terrifying warmth surge downward with alarming pressure. Her breath caught in her throat as she executed an emergency clench, every muscle from her abdomen to her thighs locking in desperate defense. The close call left her trembling, her thighs now pressed together so firmly she could feel the denim seams of her shorts biting into her skin.

No sooner had she stabilized than another wave hit, this one a scorching tide that burned its way through her defenses. Alice's vision blurred at the edges as she fought against what felt like an elemental force of nature. Somewhere in the battle, she became aware of a faint, traitorous dampness. Just enough to make her panties cling differently.

Snatching her travel bag with shaking hands, she barely registered the strap digging into her shoulder as she adopted the classic desperation waddle. One arm crossed tightly over her abdomen, the other hand applying firm pressure where it mattered most.

Her sandals slapped against the station floor with dangerous lack of traction, each hurried step sending fresh jolts of urgency through her system. The bathroom signs taunted her with their proximity, relief so close she could almost feel the cool tile under her feet, then catastrophe struck.

A bright yellow cleaning cart blocked the entrance like some cruel joke, its mop bucket gleaming under fluorescent lights. Alice's entire body convulsed in protest, a full-body spasm that betrayed her completely. Hot liquid surged past her last defenses in an undeniable spurt, the damp patch between her legs spreading with terrifying speed.

"No. No no no," she whispered, her voice breaking. The bathroom door might as well have been miles away, and every second stretched into agony as her body continued its mutiny against her will.

Alice hovered near the bathroom entrance, her entire body trembling with barely-contained desperation. She drew a shaky breath, preparing to plead her case. Surely any reasonable person would understand this was a true emergency.

Just as she opened her mouth to call out, the sharp slosh of water hitting tile echoed from inside the bathroom. The sudden sound triggered an immediate crisis. Her bladder muscles spasmed violently in response, sending a scorching flood surging against her fragile defenses.

With a panicked gasp, both hands flew to her crotch, fingers digging painfully into the denim of her shorts as she performed the most desperate kegel of her life. Her thighs clamped together with enough force to bruise, every fiber of her being focused on maintaining control.

She could actually feel the warm liquid pressing insistently against her urethral opening, her vaginal walls fluttering wildly as they fought to contain the deluge. A thin sheen of sweat broke out across her forehead as she rocked slightly on her feet, the physical effort of holding back causing her calves to cramp.

The realization hit like a bucket of ice water, there would be no bathroom reprieve here. Alice's stomach dropped as she understood she'd have to endure this torment even longer.

With trembling fingers, she fumbled for her phone, nearly dropping it in her urgency. The glowing map screen revealed Nina's apartment was mercifully close, less than a ten minute walk under normal circumstances. These were anything but normal circumstances.

Her mind raced through possible solutions as another dangerous pressure wave rolled through her abdomen. Maybe there would be a café along the route, or a gas station with public facilities. She could stop in some random store and beg to use their employee bathroom if necessary.

The very thought of having to ask strangers while in this state made her cheeks burn with humiliation, but she'd do anything at this point.

Adjusting her stance, Alice began her agonizing march forward. Each step sent fresh jolts of urgency through her system, her overfilled bladder sloshing ominously with every movement. She kept one hand firmly wedged between her legs, the other clutching her phone like a lifeline as she scanned her surroundings for any sign of salvation.

******

Alice advanced down the street with the precision of a tightrope walker, each step meticulously planned and executed. Her entire world had narrowed to the few feet of pavement in front of her and the desperate battle raging in her lower abdomen.

The summer heat made her shorts cling to her thighs, the fabric irritatingly damp from both sweat and the occasional betraying dribble that escaped her iron-clad control. With each careful step, her sandals made sharp smacking sounds against the sun-baked concrete, the rhythm syncopated by her occasional hitched breaths when a particularly strong wave of urgency crashed through her.

She'd developed an awkward but effective gait. Legs perpetually crossed at the ankles, knees pressed together so tightly they ached, her entire lower body angled slightly forward to maintain maximum pressure relief.

The constant sloshing sensation inside her was maddening; she could practically feel the weight of accumulated liquid shifting dangerously with every movement, pressing insistently against her strained defenses.

Every thirty seconds or so, she'd feel a fresh, warm trickle escape. Just enough to dampen her panties further, just enough to make her bite her lip until it nearly bled. The wet fabric clung uncomfortably to her most sensitive areas, a constant reminder of how perilously close she was to complete failure.

Her frantic eyes darted from building to building as she progressed, searching in vain for any possible respite. The residential street offered no salvation. just rows of apartment buildings with no public access, small businesses that were either closed or bathroom-less, and the occasional indifferent passerby who had no idea of the crisis unfolding before them.

Then she saw it. Nina's building looming in the distance, its visage sparking a surge of hope that was immediately tempered by another vicious bladder spasm.

"I can't hold it much longer," she whimpered, the words escaping in a breathy whisper. She attempted to quicken her pace, but the faster movement sent dangerous vibrations through her overfilled bladder. It was like trying to run while carrying a brimming bowl of water, every motion threatened catastrophic spillage.

Suddenly she felt it, an alarming warmth spreading beyond the usual minor leaks. Against her better judgment but unable to resist, Alice slowly lifted her trembling hand from its protective position. Her heart sank as she saw the evidence. A dark coin-sized patch marring the light fabric of her shorts, slightly off-center where the worst of the pressure had concentrated.

It was still small enough that a casual observer might mistake it for spilled water, but to Alice it might as well have been a flashing warning sign. Her body was reaching its absolute limit, and the apartment entrance still stood several agonizing yards away.

Alice's entire being focused on one impossible task, maintaining control just a little longer. Every fiber of her petite frame trembled with the effort, muscles burning from the sustained tension. The pressure building within her was unlike anything she'd experienced before. A liquid lead weight that pulsed mercilessly against her strained defenses.

An oppressive, throbbing pressure concentrated at her most sensitive opening, the swollen tissues there protesting under constant assault. Alice whimpered as she marshaled every last ounce of strength, her thighs quivering violently as they pressed together. But her body had reached its biological limits.

The faintest tickling warmth blossomed across her soaked panties, spreading with terrifying speed. The dampness that had been confined to a small circle now painted a dark, undeniable triangle across the front of her shorts, the fabric clinging obscenely to her shape.

Her breath came in shallow gasps as reality set in, this was happening whether she willed it or not. Frantic eyes scanned the quiet street for any semblance of privacy, any shadowy alcove where she might preserve some dignity. But there was nothing.

The first warm rivulet traced a burning path down her inner thigh, followed immediately by its twin on the opposite side. Alice's mouth formed a silent "oh" of shocked realization as her muscles finally, irrevocably relaxed their guard. A shuddering sigh escaped her lips as the initial trickle became a steady stream, the relief so profound it nearly buckled her knees.

Then came the unmistakable sound. A soft, hissing whisper as her exhausted folds parted in surrender. The pent-up torrent emerged with surprising force, creating audible splashes as it struck the pavement beneath her.

What began as intermittent spurts quickly became a continuous golden arc, hissing steadily as her bladder gratefully emptied itself. The contrast between the loud splattering on concrete and the intimate hiss from between her legs created an almost rhythmic duet, marking the end of her impossible struggle.

The hot liquid coursed down her legs in branching streams, her sandals becoming unintended collectors as puddles formed around her feet.

Alice watched in fascinated horror as the evidence of her loss spread across the sidewalk, each new splash sending up tiny droplets that caught the sunlight. Her breath came easier now, though her face burned with humiliation, every hissing second both a relief and a confirmation of her ultimate defeat.

3 generous glasses of morning orange juice and that entire bottle of water from the train station now finding freedom in a large puddle.

The relief was so intense it bordered on euphoric. Alice's head lolled back slightly as her shoulders finally relaxed, her breath coming in deep, satisfied sighs. She could actually feel her bladder shrinking, the unbearable pressure melting away second by second.

The puddle beneath her grew rapidly, spreading outward in an uneven circle that reflected the afternoon sunlight. Warm droplets splashed back against her bare ankles, the sensation oddly comforting in its confirmation of complete release.

As the last few spurts trickled out, reality came crashing back. Alice's eyes darted around nervously— the sidewalk, the apartment buildings, the street. Had that elderly woman watering her plants seen? Did the delivery driver down the block notice? Her face burned crimson as she realized how exposed she'd been, how vulnerable this moment of weakness had left her.

With her bladder now blissfully empty, Alice found she could move freely again. She broke into an awkward half-run, her damp shorts clinging uncomfortably with every step. The fabric chafed against her thighs, while her soaked panties provided a squishy reminder of her very public accident with each hurried stride toward Nina's building.

She hesitated before knocking, suddenly realizing this wasn't exactly the reunion she'd imagined. Standing on her friend's doorstep smelling faintly of pee and humiliation, with the evidence of her desperate failure clearly visible for anyone to see.

Taking a deep breath, she raised a trembling hand to the doorbell, already rehearsing explanations in her head.

*003*2025-08-17 05:53

{{21 minutes ago, RNSL81 said:

Wow. Awesome story. Will there be more? Would love to see it.

}}

I originally planed this as just a one off story but I wouldn't be against adding more to it. I've already got a few ideas floating around.

