Sexy Girls Wait in line to Unload their Morning Bladders

Author: Mad Bladder

*000*2019-03-26 00:39

Chapter 1

(FYI loosely based on an old episode of an old tv show)

Alex’s tan athletic body laid across her beds silk white sheets. In those dark short shorts her legs spread out to let breeze flow between the crotch. Her white t shirt strayed well across her small but ample chest. Hair tied up, she flinched as she felt a jolt hit her bladder, making her sexy legs squeeze together on instinct. She brushed it off for the time being.

Liz, who slept across the hall from Alex had a little more weight on her but boy did it look awesome. Her white legs may have had flab, but her white panties shaped well over her ass, and tight white t shirt brought out her big boobs that took attention away from her amazing blonde hair. She was fast asleep, not yet aware of her bladder which was so full her tummy stuck out.

Ashley was a tall, tan model wearing nothing but a tight black bra over her huge chest, and black panties that brought eyes to her crotch and ass whenever she did a magazine photo shoot or walked on the beach. She slept next to her boyfriend, Kevin, also tall, and the body of a hot athlete.

“Morning,” he said as he wiped her dark hair from her face.

Ashley flinched as she felt all the drinks from last nights after party expand her bladder, plugging herself with her fingers quickly which turned on Kevin. She squeezed her legs as she rubbed off the need to pee like hell feelings as she didn’t want to leave her comfy bed yet. Each of the three house friends (Kevin spent the night) that one of the two bathrooms was being renovated and out of commission for the time being.

“Don’t want to get up yet,” Ashley said smiling and kissing Kevin.

Kevin felt his massive need to piss though! He got up as he watched his girlfriend fall back asleep, and made his way out of bed, into the bathroom, locking the door behind him.

Alex meanwhile at that point had been squirming around under her sheets for sometime, and did not want to wet the bed. Her bladder in pain, she got out of bed and headed for the bathroom.

“Christ,” She said as she rushed, annoyed with her pulsing bladder. She reached the bathroom door and tried to push it open, alas, it was occupied. She wrestled with the handle and knocked. “Um...hello?” She asked in a worried and awkward tone.

“I’ll be done soon,” said Kevin.

Alex bounced in place and shook her head letting out a breath of grief. Sighing because of her explosive bladder feeling like it was pushing out her sides. She crossed her legs and her foot waddled.

She heard one of the doors in the hall open, and Liz rushes out with her sexy long and thick legs together. In nothing but her white shirt and too small sized panties. She reached for the door but Alex pushed her back.

“Hey hey hey!” Alex said. “Me first!”

Liz threw her arms up wanted to swear like crazy as she literally felt she might lose it any second. Her belly hurting so bad from her full bladder she felt queasy, let her tongue hang out drooling like a dog begging. A sexy gold one that is. She turned to the other bathroom but stopped remembering quickly it was out of order. She felt her bladder feeling like it would rip apart stretching so bad. Hurt so bad she tipped over a little at her waist.

“Oooooh,” Liz moaned, pushing her hands against her crotch, her feet kicking back one after the other. She would kick on foot back and keep it floated as she bounced, then repeated the process with the next foot and so on in torment.

Ashley, in her room laying in bed, could not stop squirming around or uncross her legs. She got up without grabbing her robe, and headed out the bedroom door for the bathroom in only her black bra and panties.

To be continued

*003*2019-03-27 10:39

Chapter 2

Ashley yawned softly in a quiet tone as she exited her bedroom. “Morning guys.”

Alex had her hands buried deep in her crotch as she bounced. “Your fr-fr-freaking boyfriend is h-holding up the bathroom.” Her words jumbled together as she struggled to keep it together.

Ashley, stunned, now realizing there was a huge line at the bathroom, Crossed her legs slowly but tightly and held on hand against her aching belly on the lump of her overfilled bladder, and the other massaging her crotch.

Liz was still dancing like crazy due to her bladder pains which had become so severe the only thing keeping her dam from opening up and flooding the hallway were her legs which paced back and forth tired. She had gotten off a long work shift hours ago, she didn’t use the bathroom before bed, she was using what little strength she had left as long as she could.

Liz moaned, “MMMMMMM! Ashley please just tell him to hurry up. I’m gonna explode.”

“Me too,” Ashley said in a low voice, speaking through lots of tension and pressure. “Kevin! Come on we’re dying out here!”

“Give me a minute,” he said.

“Ooooooh!” The three girls moaned in agony at the same time. Bouncing in place.

To be continued

*012*2019-03-28 20:24

TO EVERYONE: I work two jobs, so I apologize if my chapters are short. However, most of the writers I read from have short chapters in books so this is how I learned. I understand it can be s little frustrating but in the end you’ll get chapters quicker .

Sorry for for any inconvenience

*013*2019-03-31 18:17

Chapter 3

Over five minutes went by, but for the three girls it felt like half an hour. Half an hour of their bladders filled, bloated, heavy, containing boiling pee pushing against their insides bursting to escape and ruin their underwear’s and the floors below.

Ashley and Liz (Liz was feeling it worse than all of them) were bent over at the waist, legs crossed.

Alex had one hand fingering her crotch to plug it up, while the other massaged her belly. She was very annoyed and in a lot of agony as she bounced, feeling a lump form in her belly. She knocked aggressively. So hard it almost scared the pee out of the other girls but then held on at the last second in agony.

“Hurry up Kevin!” Alex yelled. Bouncing furiously after that she spun in a whole circle.

“I’m washing my hands right now,” he said. A flush was heard and all three girls hearing the water flush bent over, their ass cheeks flexing.

”OOOOOOOOOH!” They all yelled.

“Wash them out here in the kitchen!” Ashley yelled.

“We’re dying out here!” Liz said, very close to crying as her feet paced back and forth while she held herself.

The door opened, and Kevin walked out. “Jeez let a guy have privacy” he said walking away.”

Alex yelled, “We are all literally about to burst, and you just-“

”JUST GO ALREADY ALEX!” Ashley yelled.

Alex looked at her angrily and bounced her way into the bathroom closing the door behind her.

Liz raced to it and held herself up on the wall and knob, pushing her swollen crotch against the edge of the wall to keep it all inside her. A tear fell down her cheek as she felt her bladder ripping inside.

Ashley meanwhile in nothing but her sexy bra and panties couldn’t take much more either.

Alex though struggle to pull down her shorts so she wouldn’t open her legs too much and release the River, but got them down and slammed her ass in the toilet seat and sighed relief loudly as pee shot out of her hitting the toilets water with force. She made it. And her deflating bladder felt so good like the world was taken off her shoulders.

To be continued

*017*2019-04-01 20:17

{{2 hours ago, The Dark Wolf said:

Oh, so you're more into desperation than wetting. I'm more into wetting, so this story's not for me. But, a lot of people here are also into desperation without need for wetting, so I won't downvote or anything.

}}

I am into that. It just has t happened yet....will it? Stay tuned!

*020*2019-04-16 02:29

Chapter 4

”Oh, oh, erg!” Ashley moaned as she pressed her hands onto her crotch, clipping fingers through the sides of her panties and plugging herself up. She leaned in agony against the wall across from the bathroom. Her abdomen feeling as if a giant bubble was pushing out of the sides harshly. Holding it in hurt so bad for poor Ashley. At least if she did have an accident here, as shameful as that would be, she was happy it wasn’t out in public where she came close to losing it several times.

Liz on the other hand may have been worse. She held herself up on the bathroom door. One hand buried into her crotch and pushed her white panties into her, making it ride up her ass crack. Her legs could not stay still, with one kicking back and forth endlessly. Sweating so bad it went into her eyes and burned as she cried, not knowing if it was sweat or tears flowing down her cheeks. Not knowing if it was sweat or spurts of pee flowing down her legs. She grew very nervous, in agony as her belly grew out from under her shirt.

Liz banged on the door so hard her fist started to hurt. She actually tried to open the door knowing it was locked but she bounced around feeling like she would piss herself any second.

“Come on Alex!” Liz yelled.

“We gotta go too!” Ashley said. “I’m about to explode into an ocean all over this rug.”

Alex yelled back, “I cleaned that whole hallway. Don’t you dare. Cross those legs.” as she finished pissing, but started to feel other urges to attend to in the bathroom. Ones that were caused by her full bladder having made her very horny in this early morning.

The door bell ranged. As Ashely hopped while holding herself and her model tan legs crossed she said, “Liz...go...go get that. I can barely move.”

“Oh no no no!” Liz said. She could barely stand. Hunched over. “You go get it you’re not taking my spot.”

Ashley stuck her tongue out at Liz and squirmed down to the door as Liz breathed very heavy.

Every step was torture for Ashley. She sweated and frowned as she felt her abdomen make large pulses so powerful she panicked she would pee her nice black panties if she let go of her legs crossed.

She reached the door and opened it. It was Ashley boss, an older woman, Martha, who walked in with a couple business executives their modeling firm did business with.

“Ashley darling,” Martha said. We have a lot to discuss.”

“Oh God,” She said quietly in fear as she squeezed her les together feeling a huge urge come up.

To be continued

*022*2019-05-07 11:33

FINAL CHAPTER

Ashley, in nothing but her tight black panties and bra squeezed her legs so tight together she felt a bit of s cramp in her calf. She let a tear run down her cheek as she moaned quietly in agony as the pulses became constant all of the sudden, fast as well, one after the other making her belly bulge out.

“What are y-you doing here,” Ashley stuttered while she sweat and put on a fake smile.

“We need to talk backgrounds darling!” Martha said. I’ve brought some samples for the next shoot, what do you think?”

”M-m-Martha I,” she stopped suddenly holding her bladder as she bent over in pain. She bounced up and down feeling a leak about to break through. “Could we possibly d....d...do th-this later?” Like maybe when I’m not to explode she thought.

“Nonesense we need to make decisions now! Jackson, roll the camera, take s picture of any of this professionals model poses sometimes they just happen.”

”Yes mam,” Jackson said. “They’ll be automatically uploaded to our social media page as well.”

Ashley jaw dropped to the floor as she couldn’t believe what she heard. She started to shake, barely able to contain the explosive ocean inside of her. She bit her lips and puffed her cheeks as her whole body covered with a coding of nervous sweat.

“We do need a WiFi password. What is it?”

Ashley could barely think. She called in Liz from that hallway. Liz who had her legs crossed and bouncing let out a sigh. She struggled into the living room.

“Liz what’s the WiFi password?”

“It’s Blad-“ Liz froze upon seeing the model film crew with the cameras on her. “Wha—what are they d-d-doing here?” She started to shake with her legs squeezed together sweating so much her white shirt tightened around her body and showed her piercing hormonic nipples.

“Now that’s attractive!” Said Martha. “Get the cameras on her too. In fact, Este, give her some makeup and work on her feet quick.”

“Wait,” Liz said in a fearful strained voice. “Oh holy crap” she whispered. She was stunned after the guy pushed her onto her couch. How she managed to keep her massive load inside she’ll never know.

Este brought up her foot which meant her leg was held high making it harder to squeeze her bladder. That’s when a spurt escaped and made Liz freeze in terror with her pupils dilating and her breathing increase. She was having a panic attack this was insane!

Both her and Ashley were barely hanging on and felt their bladders endlessly throbbing painfully. Huge pulses shooting out to their sides and front of their bodies on their abdomen. They held them feeling as if they had the world’s worst stomach ache. Except this had the boiling sensation of pee.

Liz spurted again and her heart skipped a beat. The camera was going back and forth between her and Ashley who was still barely holding up on the table.

Liz noticed Ashley gave her an angry look. This was a brand new couch that Ashley bought on her trip in Italy. Only ten of these leather black couches with the back made of large pillows existed in the world. It cost more than Liz made in a year. Ashley was begging in her stare for Liz to hold it like she’s never held her bladder before. She didn’t want her wetting the couch and ruining it.

“Ashley!” Martha snapper her fingers. Ashley snapped back into reality. “What’s wrong with you today? Are you sick?”

Ashley could not admit this in front of her boss. She used all her strength to stand up straight crossing her legs tight up to the crotch to hold in the pee ready to explode out of her girlhood. “I’m f-fine MarthA!” That last sound came out as a yelp as a massive pulse the likes of which Ashley never felt before in her life made everything between her arms and legs feel like they were on fire inside, flames boiling and bursting from the inside ready to come out. Her urge to pee was insane and sweat was running down her face. “I’ll be right back.” She rushed out of the room.

Liz was in shock seeing her basically cut her in their bathroom line. She tried getting up but was forced back down by Este as he brought up her other leg. “Mmmmmmmmmm!” She moaned with her eyes closed, the pulses attacking nonstop. That’s when her belly growled and a more solid pain pushed inside her. Liz couldn’t believe this was happening. She squeezed her butt cheeks together as tight as she could. But she was ready to explode.

Ashley was knocking on the bathroom door messing with the knob. “Alex for God’s sake what are you doing in there?” She wishes she never pushed her ear against the door as she heard the shower running and and quickly stuck her fingers plugging up her girlhood gasping breaths for relief.

“Just give me like another 15 minutes, my shower will be done.” Alex said.

Ashley was stunned. “We don’t have 15 minutes! We don’t even have 5. Alex, you know how bad we have to go. We’re literally on the verge of accidents and-“she stopped squeezing herself for dear life to fight off another huge pulse like the one she felt before that rocked her whole body. Except this didn’t go away. The demon was coming to burst out any second!

Ashley could only dance around foot to foot quickly in agony. Martha pulled her back into the room.

“Ashley enough goofing around. We need to go over backgrounds. Now what about this one?”

This could NOT be happening. She was going to explode any second. She could feel her urine trying to escape. The background she saw were waterfalls. Only making her need worse.

“Or this one?” The next was the ocean with massive waves. “Even comes with sound.” She clicked the button and she did not want to hear that. Liz didn’t either this was too much.

Liz was crying in agony feelings both ends of her about to pop open their surprises. This was the end. No matter how much she tried to hold it was no use. Este thought she was stressed and gave a foot rub but wasn’t helping.

“Please stop,” Ashley said in a quiet tone.

“Oh the waterfalls had sound too I’m sorry.” Martha turned the sound on and was curious on why Ashley started smiling.

“Ahhh,” Ashley said peacefully as she floated in her own world. The relief of her bladder emptying made her unaware of what had been around. She didn’t know pee was exploding out of her pee hole like a wildfire spreading and pouring onto the carpet. Spreading down her bare legs and onto her feet. Her panties almost came off from the waterfall coming out of her. Her belly deflated as a puddle spread and Ashley was no longer in agony.

She fell to her knees peacefully in a splash. That’s when she woke out of it and realized she just had a major accident that flooded the living room. Her boss was standing back gasping in horror. The camera caught everything and spreading on social media. Ashley felt her stomach tighten as great panic and sadness made her start to burst into tears. “Oh no! No no no no no!”

Liz was paralyzed. She couldn’t move. That’s when it happened. Pee exploded out of her pee hole and gushed onto the couch soaking it. It spread across all of it and onto the carpet making Este jump back. Liz was not in peace like Ashley had been. She was in disbelief and crying as the camera was on her too and sent out everything. That’s when the other thing happened. Liz couldn’t control it anymore. She started to shit herself right there on the couch too. The nervous breakdown she had caused diarrhea. She was humiliated and covered her face in embarrassment.

Ashley cried harder seeing her couch ruined. A one of a kind.

Alex came out of the bathroom and walked into the living room refreshed with her white robe one and towel around her hair. “What’s with all the screa-OH MY GOODNESS!!!” She said seeing her friend’s accidents, and feeling some guilt over it.

Martha signaled her crew to rush out leaving the two girls who didn’t make it crying uncontrollably.

The end.

