The terrible police officers! - For punishment not being allowed to urinate!

Author: MikeB

*000*2026-01-26 22:03

The two girls and all other people in this story are older than 18 years old.

In a totalitarian country, with a lot of rights given to the police, was a meeting place for students and young people in the capital city.

The meeting point was at the edge of the city park. There was a kiosk selling drinks, but there were no restrooms anywhere around.

That wasn’t a problem for the boys, but for some girls it was a challenge for their bladders.

Boys simply went into the bushes when they needed to go, but the girls couldn’t do this so easily and so simply.

The girls sometimes stood for hours with a full bladder and crossed legs until they could find a toilet on their way home, or they had to wait until they got home.

Occasionally, when one or the other could absolutely stand it any longer, they would also go in the bushes to pee.

For someone who loves to see girls desperate to pee, this has always been a good place . There were always some girls who were desperately trying to hold it back.

Two police officers often used this place to indulge their sadistic desire.

Once again, they observed the kiosk from a distance so as not to be noticed.

They saw a pretty girl who had been standing with her legs tight crossed for some time made her way to the bushes.

A second girl followed her, both walked very slowly, with small steps and their thighs pressed together. It was obvious that they both needed to pee very urgently.

The two police officers were closer to the bushes and were walking faster, so they were already hidden there before the girls arrived.

The girls had no time to loose for looking around. As soon as they were in the bushes, lifted one of them her short skirt, pulled her panties down below her knees and then she wanted just to piss.

Before she could even squat down, it squirted out of her. She peed her panties a little bit wet, which were hanging below her knees.

The other girl couldn’t undo the button on her little shorts quickly enough, so she stood there with her pussy exposed, but didn’t start pissing until the police officers stepped out of the bushes.

”What are you two sluts doing there?” Asked on if them, even though it was completely obvious what they did, or what they wanted to do.

The two girls were very frightened when the men suddenly stood in front of them.

The one girl who was wearing the skirt stood up without being able to stop pissing immediately. She pissed again at her already pee wet panties during she was standing up.

She had held back her pissing for so long that her bladder was so full that it took a few seconds before she could interrupt her stream with all her strength and effort.

The gal hadn’t peed since this morning and so her bladder was protesting against this interruption with pain.

The girl with the shorts hadn’t peed even on drop.

The were now both standing naked from the waist down in front of the police men, holding their hands between their thighs to cover their slits.

”You two misguided sluts are standing there in front of us and showing us your cunt’s, that must be punished.” Said the second man.

”We didn’t want that, we just wanted to, we just have to…” stammered one of the girls.

”What did you want? What do you have to do?” The police man asked provocatively and energetically. He was knowing very well what they wanted to do, but he wanted to hear it from the mouth of the girls.

”We need to wee so badly.” Said the girl with the skirt, shyly and quietly.

”You’ve already pissed, that will be enough for today. Get dressed, you slut’s, we take you to the police station.” Said the man.

The poor girls needed to pee so badly, they had suppressed their urge for so long, they had held back from peeing for hours, they waited so long before they went into the bushes and now, so close to relief, they weren’t allowed to.

How long do the girls have to endure it, how long do they have to be able to endure it?

How far can the girl’s bladders stretch, how far do they have to be able to stretch?

How much will the two girls get tortured?

*002*2026-01-31 00:35

The two girls held it in for a long time before they decided to go into the bushes, their bladders were already very full and now they still can’t pee and they certainly won’t be allowed to for a while longer.

The excitement and nervousness weren’t either good for their full bladders and increased their urge.

The girls begged for mercy and for not being taken to the police station, but the police officers showed no mercy.

They wanted to have fun and enjoy themselves with the pee desperate girls.

The girls sat on the back seat with their knees pressed tightly together when one of the police men said “ you two stink of piss!”

The girl’s wet-pissed panties actually smelled intense from urine, because she hadn’t been to the toilet for a very long time and therefore her urine was strong and smelly.

”I’m sorry, my panties are wet, i couldn’t stop peeing so quickly when you came in the bushes.” excused the girl.

As soon as they arrived at the police station, the girl with the skirt and the wet panties said “ may i please quickly..”

Before the girl could continue speaking, said one of the men “You can’t do anything!”

”But i need to the toilet so very urgently, i have to piss so bad, please let me go.” Was the girl begging.

She was standing with her sexy, naked legs tight crossed and bent over.

The man had a real desire to torment the poor girl, so he said “ You’ve already pissed, that’s enough, you won’t piss anymore today.”

”I didn’t really pee, it was only 3 seconds, i haven’t peed since this morning, please let me go to the toilet, otherwise I’ll wet myself, please, please let me go.” Was she begging again.

”You won’t wet yourself, you won’t go anywhere else, you’ll just hold it in!!

You two are no more little girls, you are both over 18 years old, you should be able to control your bodily needs, especially your bladders, that is a question of discipline.”

I could easily lock you up for 2 weeks for showing up your pussies in public, but we’d let you out of the jail tomorrow at 9 am, if you can hold out that long without peeing.

You’re not allowed to urinate, an absolute urination ban is your punishment and to make it really hurt, you have to drink a large glass of water. Punishment must hurt and must be painful.

It’s your choice, either two weeks in prison, or obediently pee holding.” Offered the man.

The girls were horrified to hear that.

“We will do our best, but i am afraid we won’t be able to endure this for so long, we will not stand it until tomorrow.” said the girl with the super short shorts.

“As you wish,” said the policeman and leading the girls into the cell, which was separated from the guard room only by bars.

Before, they had to drink a large glass of water.

The two men couldn’t wait to see the girls really suffer from needing to wee so very, very badly.

“I haven’t weed since this morning, I needed to go already on the way to the kiosk, but i have a strong bladder and thought that i could hold it for another 2 or 3 hours, but now i need to wee so badly, i can’t possibly hold until tomorrow.” Said the girl with the short skirt and the still wet panties silent to the other girl.

”I think if you don’t want to spend two weeks in jail, you’ll have to put up with it. You will have to endure it no matter what, but take comfort in the fact that my bladder is also about to burst and I’m already almost pissing myself.” Answered the girl in the short and had her legs tight crossed.

*004*2026-02-03 01:14

The cell was very small, it was only meant for one night and for one person.

There was only one chair and only one plank bed with a blanket and one pillow, but definitely not a toilet.

The girls were not allowed to sit, because the men could see them suffering better that way when they were standing.

They could see how they had crossed and knotted their sexy legs and how tightly they pressed their young, naked thighs together to hold back their piss.

The officers loved the idea of how much urine the gals were holding back and how desperate they needed to pee.

”Look, their bladders are already very full and pretty big and pointed at their swollen bellies.

Those two are really strong and tough, i think we’ll have a lot of fun with them until tomorrow morning.” Said one of the men.

” I’m not sure if they’ll hold it until tomorrow. The skinny one hasn’t peed since this morning, she should have peed hours before and now it’s only 11pm. There is no way she’ll hold it for another 10 hours, she’ll definitely piss herself before then.” Said the other man.

” We’ll see, I’m counting on her, the thin ones are tough, they can take a lot.” He answered.

”Maybe she should plug that little hole between her sexy thighs if she doesn’t want to stay here for two weeks.” Replied the doubter.

The two police officers were only on call and standby that night, so they were also able to sleep for a few hours.

They had two beds in a large room which was only separated from the girl’s cell by a grille.

It was exactly midnight when one of the men in the cell turned off the light and told the girls that they would have to share the one bed together.

”The bed isn’t a problem, but can we please go to the toilet before sleeping, we can’t hold it any longer.” begged the thin girl in the short skirt.

”No, that’s exactly what you’re not allowed to do!” Said a man briefly and firmly.

”We can impossible endure it until tomorrow morning, it hurts so much, our bladder will burst if you don’t let us piss.” Continued the girl.

” You can endure it and you will have to endure it! Your bladder most definitely won’t burst. This thing in your belly can withstand more than you think and imagine.

You are not the first and only girls to be punished with a long pee ban for public peeing.

Not so long ago, a cheeky girl pissed on a very busy street between the cars.

The more serious the crime, the harsher the punishment.

Anyone who walked past her could see her pissing pussy.

As punishment for peeing, she wasn’t allowed to pee for a very long time. She had to hold it from early morning until late afternoon the next day.

Her punishment was either not to piss for 33 hours, or 4 weeks prison.

She tried with all her might to avoid the 4 weeks in prison.

She had far exceeded the length of your punishment, but at 3 pm she couldn’t stand it anymore, she had completely pissed herself.

I have never in my life seen such a large puddle of pee. She was as thin as you, but she must have had the bladder of an elephant to be able to hold so much urine inside.

We gave her a second chance after that and she took advantage of it. She was able to hold her urine for 33 hours.

So you two should easily be able to hold it out until tomorrow 9 am, but now we should sleep for a few hours.” Said one of the police men.

*005*2026-02-03 01:20

{{2 hours ago, Onedude said:

I love it! These misguided sluts must be taught!!

}}

I absolutely agree with you! Girls have always be able to hold it!

I’m glad that you like my story.

*006*2026-02-11 09:18

{{On 1/30/2026 at 10:56 PM, nawidunst said:

Tahnk you for always coming up with such sexy scenarios. I love it when women get their relief denied. Please continue as soon as possible. I can't wait to find out how this will unfold.

}}

Thank you for your commitment. I am glad that you like my stories and scenarios.

I agree with you, girls who are needing to wee but can’t go, or are denied to go are very sexy and arousing.

