Quivering Quinton

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-05-03 10:13

Quivering Quinton

Quinton’s phone beeped with yet another text message. With his laptop open at his small office desk he smiled as he saw a photo sent from his eldest daughter. Her shoes had finally arrived, thank goodness, and just in time too. Tonight she was heading out with her friends and sister to a local club as part of a long weekend celebrating her 21st. Boy that made Quinton feel suddenly old as he looked at the excitement on his daughters face and reminisced back to when she was a toddler being that excited when he came home from work. His first daughter, his treasure, his little darling. He finished his coffee and texted her back saying he was delighted and couldn’t wait to see them on and he’d see her around 6 as usual.

He then typed in another postcode searching all the local house prices and bringing up details of said properties and as much other facts as he could. Jotting it all down in his notebook he did the same for another two postcodes before grabbing his suit jacket, anorak and work bag and heading to his car. It was good to be busy again and at the rate his daughter’s were asking for things these days he needed every penny he could earn.

The first property was straightforward: a well maintained, tastefully decorated and outwardly strong house in a stable neighbourhood with sought after schools. The owners were pleased to see him and gave proof of recent new windows having been fitted and a new bathroom suit. Quinton took a photo of the paperwork on his tablet and typed in the details too. Other than a few loose tiles on the roof and some loft insulation which could be better it was an average visit, made slightly longer by chatty older owners but worth it for the lovely mug of tea he had gladly received.

The second property also had an owner present but this time a younger, more pushy man, a very typical buy to let purchaser anxious that Quinton assessed the property at as high a value as possible. Three times Quinton stressed that he wasn’t an estate agent but an independent surveyor and that his valuation would be based on much more than the colour of the bathroom tiles! It was a stressful hour as the owner hovered over Quinton’s every move asking questions about why he was taking photos of things like the electric cupboard and outside pipes. Whilst Quinton knew exactly where in every property to look for all the minute details he needed it was clear this property was one of thousands he had seen before by developers keen to make a house look good on first appearance but with expensive and more important things like pipe work and electrics often ignored. Quinton was glad to get back into the safety of his car as he placed his bag on the passenger seat and started the engine.

He was taken a back slightly to see the clock on the dashboard read 4:45 and he checked his watch to confirm. It was also then that he realised for the first time that he could do with a visit to the gents sometimes soon. He toyed with the idea of popping into the local supermarket on his way to his final property but decided he would head to the last one and go back at home as usual. He never used the toilet in any of the houses he visited, it wasn’t at all professional, and instead he would go in the office or back home at the end of his working day. Of course he had needed to go many times, almost daily in fact, but it had never really been a great issue, with a few notable exclusions, and his bladder had grown strong over the years. His wife and daughters were very used to his rushing in and right up the stairs on arrival and with just one bathroom in their small terraced house they pretty much always made sure it was feee for him, thankfully.

Quinton typed his final postcode into his sat nav. He didn’t drive to this area as often and his research had already told him it wasn’t the best of areas. He also wasn’t expecting anyone to be at this property, especially in its current condition. It was owned by the bank and he had been warned that he may want to have a torch with him, something which Quinton always kept in his car anyway.

By the time Quinton arrived in the street he was regretting his earlier tea with the older couple. He walked down the path to the run down house noting immediately the overgrown unkept garden and broken glass on the front door. Turning the key the dust and smell was almost overpowering by Quinton pushed through regardless. As predicted the lights were off and despite it being daylight still the house was damp, dark and almost derelict. Quinton took plenty photos as he walked through the front room into the narrow gallery kitchen.

He used his torch to check every cupboard as he rhythmically moved from foot to foot. Routinely he turned the kitchen tap to record if the property had running water, not for a moment expecting the water to still be connected. As he did so the tap rumbled at first with trapped air before a sudden burst of water shot fast from the tap into the dirty sink causing Quinton to suddenly pinch his little man as the water reminded his body instantly of his full bladder. Quinton groaned before turning the tap off, the still dripping tap making him cross his legs.

‘Thank the Lord there’s no-one here! Sheesh I need the loo after that!’

Trying to complete the survey as quickly, but thoroughly, as possible Quinton left the kitchen, opening an under stair cupboard and checking electric wires, gas fittings and photographing everything before heading upstairs cautiously. The doors upstairs were all closed and Quinton tentatively pushed the first one open which was, as expected, the bathroom.

‘Wow! You’d need to be mega desperate to use that place!’ he exclaimed as he took more photos. Not prepared to be caught out with the water a second time he didn’t bother turning the taps but as he turned to walk out the room he was taken aback at a strong urge to urinate despite the condition of the room.

‘Why does seeing a toilet always make you need it 100 times more? Oh boy I can’t wait to get home. The sooner the better. Jeez I need a slash!’

The two bedrooms were as expected and Quinton headed back downstairs to assess the outside. Whilst the house hadn’t been warm in any way the sudden change in temperature as Quinton locked the front door send another wave of need from his bladder to his penis. He squeezed his thighs and headed to the back garden as quick as he could. The back garden was like a jungle and for a second Quinton actually contemplated opening his fly and peeing in the long grass. He never would of course, being the upright citizen that he was, but just the thought seemed to send more urine into his already full bladder.

The walls had bricks out of alignment, the chimney was dangerous, another window was cracked and the roof had tiles hanging loose. Quinton noted everything on his tablet then headed straight to his car.

Sitting in the drivers seat he gave his member another squeeze. The sat nav suggested twenty three minutes to home and Quinton dearly hoped it would be quicker.

‘This is a lesson on not accepting tea when you already had coffee at lunch Quinton’ he muttered to himself as he started the engine and set off.

Every red light made Quinton squirm and moan as he rubbed and squeezed to help himself hold on.

‘You can do this!’ He encouraged himself time and time again.

Finally he was in his home town, which somehow only served to make him want to pee even more so!

‘Gotta wait til home. You can do this. Just keep holding!’

Quinton reversed parked across from his home in the only space available before grabbing his bag and laptop and walking very quickly up his gate and into the house. He threw his stuff at the bottom of the stairs, holding his crotch tightly and took the stairs two at a time as he raced to the bathroom.

He grabbed the handle with his free hand and pulled it down, but it didn’t open.

He danced and knocked.

‘Who’s in? Are you almost finished?’

No answer.

Still holding himself Quinton went next door to his bedroom where he bent forward, undid his trouser hook and held his penis so tight he thought he would break it.

‘Heavens above I NEED to pee!’

Meanwhile his wife, Sally had heard the door and, noticing Quinton’s bags, realised he was home. She shouted up to check anyway.

‘You home darling? Everything ok?’

Quinton squirmed as he still had one hand tight over his crotch as he walked to the landing and called down.

‘Yeah just me honey! Is Becky in the loo or is it Casandra? I’m bursting to get in. She knows I always need it at this time.’

‘Yeah Becky...she’s just having a quick shower to get ready for tonight. I’m sure she’ll be quick. I take it you don’t want a coffee just yet?’

‘Oh Lord not right now honey. I gotta use the loo first, honestly.. I’ll just wait up here and then I’ll come down for one if that’s ok. Oh she better be quick I’m so desperate here’

Quinton didn’t care that his wife was looking up watching as he danced with his trousers open and his hand grasping his penis over his boxers. He just had to get into the toilet so urgently.

He knocked the door again...

‘Becky you nearly finished darling?’

‘I’ll not be long dad. Nearly finished!’

Quinton walked to his room, pulled his trousers to his knees and sat on his bed clutching himself and rocking. Beneath his boxers he could feel his penis doing something, and terrified he was leaking, he stood quickly and pulled down his boxers to his knees so he could access his penis and testicles more in the privacy of his bedroom before immediately sitting and rocking and squeezing again. Oh how he ached right now for release. He shook, rocked and kneaded himself as he moaned.

‘Oh Becky hurry up. Hurry up. I need the bathroom so badly. I really do. Your daddy has to go sweetie. Hurry up baby. Daddy is so bursting. Daddy is so desperate. Oh Becky daddy is nearly having a huge accident here. Oh Becky hurry up. Daddy needs a slash my darling. Oh do hurry sweet pea. Daddy needs in so so urgently you know. Oh please don’t keep your daddy waiting. Oh my beautiful daddy just needs into that toilet so so badly. Don’t let daddy embarrass himself.

Of course Becky heard none of it but Quinton’s wife did as she crept up the stairs, entranced by her husband’s desperation. She watched from a distance as Quinton’s reflection could be seen clearly in the full length mirrored wardrobe as her nipples hardened and her vagina swelled and moistened.

Then something happened that neither Quinton nor his wife expected. Quinton felt something unusual. Similar to going hard but quite different too. He took his hands away from his crotch as his penis grew a little and quivered jerking up and down of its own accord. Quinton watched on shaking, his hands leaning on the bed behind him as his body fought to the end. Four quivers, five quivers, then on the sixth quiver as his half erect penis surged forwards up a huge squirt shot out hitting the wardrobe. Quinton’s wife raced in having grabbed a towel from the linen cupboard as she surrounded Quinton’s crotch as his quivering penis rose and moved as urine shot out again and again in larger and larger spurts, finally relaxing and pouring out fast and furious as his wife struggled to catch it in the bath towel. Quinton breathed, relaxed and rested his head back as his arms and hands held him up behind him leaning on the bed.

‘Oh honey, that’s Becky just coming out now. What a shame you couldn’t wait just a few seconds longer eh’

‘I’ll....I’ll get changed and bring the laundry down. I’ll put it all on don’t worry. Oh and I could really go that coffee now if you are still offering?’

‘Absolutely. Oh and Becky wants to show you those new shoes of hers too.’

‘Yes! Of course. Just give me five minutes and I’ll be done ok. Oh and thanks for that! I owe you beautiful. Lord was I so desperate for that!’

‘That was a huge amount of piss Quinton. I’ve never seen your body like that before. It was very sexy actually.’

‘Really?’

