The Legend of Zelda MM: Pamela's Plight

Author: MemeOverlord

*000*2020-08-26 02:18

$$

(Image credit goes to the artist, Peach of aminoapps.com)

Pamela's Plight

It was another cold and gloomy day in the forsaken lands of Ikana Canyon. This was nothing new to Pamela, however, almost every day in Ikana was like this. Pamela, a young but mature girl, had moved here from Clock Town with her father, so that he could research the spirits, undead and other such supernatural things of Ikana Canyon. Pamela thought about this as she stood at the edge of the well, she thought about how she wished that they had never come to this horrible place.

"What a desolate place. Why did Father have to bring us here?" Pamela said aloud. Ikana was mostly devoid of life, and the isolation would often bother Pamela, so she would sometimes speak to herself. Hearing a living voice was comforting, even if it was merely her own. Her thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a particularly aggressive bout of wind. The dead trees and craggy rocks of Ikana Canyon created perpetual howling wind that was very foreboding.

Pamela peered down into the well, it looked like a bottomless black abyss. As she stared down into the ebon nothingness, a gust of ice cold wind blew upwards from down in the well. Pamela shuddered as the gust made contact with her, there was something so sinister about it. Whenever she was outside in Ikana, Pamela always felt as if she was being watched, and after the gust of wind from the well, this feeling increased tenfold.

Pamela's father had recently been researching the Gibdos specifically, and had discovered a colony of them residing at the bottom of the well. Gibdos are undead mummified corpses. A recent discovery brought to light a melody known as, Farewell to Gibdos which would drive any nearby Gibdos away once heard. Pamela's father had programed the music box, affixed to the roof of their house to play this melody in order to protect himself and his daughter. Unfortunately, he finally decided to enter the well so that he could more closely observe the Gibdo colony lurking down there, but he was effected by a curse at the bottom of the well which began to transform him into a Gibdo himself.

Ever since this happened, Pamela had gone to the Well daily, trying to muster the courage to enter the well and search for a way to cure her father. And every day this ritual ended the same, with Pamela's courage failing and her running back towards the house in fear after staring down into the daunting black of the well. As she stood there listening to the wind, and contemplating the well, Pamela suddenly realized something: she could hear the wind, only the wind. Why couldn't she hear the music?!

Remembering what had happened the last time that the music box stopped working, Pamela's stomach began to churn with fear. Quickly she turned around and began sprinting back for home. "No, no... please no!" Pamela thought to herself as she was nearing the house. "NO!" she exclaimed aloud as she reached the creek that was connected to the waterwheel which powered the music box. The creek had run dry! For the last several days, the water flow had been lessening. Pamela merely hoped that it was a fluke in the rain cycle or something, and that it would pick back up. But she was wrong...

That's when she heard it, a hideous groan coming from the direction of her front door. Looking over, she saw her father standing outside near the front of the house. The curse already had him in a grotesque state, at least fifty percent of his body had now been mummified, and subsequently wrapped in bandages. What of his face was still exposed was a horrid picture of twisted pain and madness.

"Father, what are you doing out here?!"

"*Unintelligible moaning*"

"Wait right there, I'm coming to you!" she called out.

Pamela broke out at a light run towards her father. As she was running, something suddenly burst from the earth beneath her feet, and grabbed her by the ankle, causing her to fall forward onto her stomach. Looking down, Pamela saw the mummified hand of a Gibdo clutching her ankle. She let out a shrill scream of terror and began kicking at it's putrid, bandaged hand. Finally she was able to kick free and quickly jump to her feet. Looking back towards her father, she saw that several more Gibdos had risen from the ground and were closing in on her father's location.

"Joooooin uuuusssssss..." one of the Gibdos hissed.

"Y-y- yeaaargh ahh esss" he replied.

"DADDY, NO!" Pamela shrieked as she saw her father take a shambling step towards the other Gibdos. Pamela sprinted towards them and got between her father and the Gibdos. "Stay back you monsters!" she cried as she struggled to usher her father back into the house.

$$

(Artist: unknown)

Once inside, Pamela pulled her father by the hand, and lead him down into the basement. She looked up at him with tears in her eyes, "F-father" *sniffle* "You can't run off on me like that." He merely returned her gaze with a look of confusion and fear, like a reprimanded puppy that didn't understand how it injured itself.

"I'm sorry, Daddy, but I have no choice..." Pamela said as she pushed him into the closet and locked the door.

Breathing a sigh of relief, Pamela put her back to the closet door, and slid down until she was sitting on the floor, her heart was still racing from the encounter with the Gibdos. Suddenly, she hear a loud banging on the front door from upstairs.

"Jooooin.....uuuuuuusssssss...."

"Oh no, I forgot the door!" Pamela cried out.

Pamela sprinted up the stairs towards the front door, she saw that the creatures on the other side were fiddling with the doorknob, and she could here them pounding on the wood. Thinking fast, she ran over and pulled the lever, extending the heavy lock into place. Gradually, the Gibdos subsided their attempts at the door. Pamela crept towards one of the windows and peeked out through the reinforced lattice panels. Outside, she could see the Gibdos shuffling around the house in an endless circle. Mindlessly they were chanting, "Ooone of uuuusssss..." over and over.

Pamela pulled a spare bed mat down into the basement, and curled up into the fetal position on it. Burying her face into the mat, she began to cry from the fear and stress of the situation. Occasionally the Gibdos outside would halt their circling and chanting to come and beat upon the house for several minutes before resuming the chant circle. For several hours, Pamela laid there on the floor, paralyzed with fear. Every time the monsters would come to beat on the house, she would shut her eyes and cover her ears, terrified that this time would be the time that they broke in. After several hours of this, Pamela was only just begining to realize that she needed to pee. But she didn't dare go upstairs yet, she was fearful to make any noise. She stuck her hand between her legs and pressed her thighs together, hoping that the building pressure would just go away.

As more time passed, with nothing to do but stare fearfully at the stairwell, Pamela's need to pee quickly grew much worse. Finally, the pressure was becoming too much to bear, and Pamela began to look around for a solution.

"I could use that bucket over there?" She thought to herself. "No, no, I can't do that, Father would be furious at me if I peed in his bucket, he needs that to hold the grease for the music box gears..." The pressure was steadily getting much much worse, as Pamela was a small girl with a little bladder. "Maybe if I went on a pile of towels? Ew, no that would dirty them up, and we can no longer wash them in the creek. Eeek, what was that noise?! I'm fine, I'm fine!" She thought to herself again. "What if I were to just...go on the floor? No, I can't, only babies make messes on the floor, I'm a big girl now, no way I can do that!"

Finally Pamela determined that she would find no solution in the house, and that there was no way she was going to be able to hold it. She HAD to make it to the outhouse somehow. The Gibdos outside seemed to have quieted down, so Pamela silently tiptoed up the stairs. She could feel her bladder ache with every step she took. She did her best to quietly undo the door latch, and slowly cracked the front door open to have a peek outside. Pamela didn't see any Gibdos at first. "Maybe my luck is finally turning around?" She thought to herself. Suddenly, a Gibdo shuffled into view, only about two meters from the front door. The Gibdo slowly turned its head, and let out a very loud, almost feminine scream as its gaze locked with Pamela's. She was frozen in place, literally paralyzed with fear, transfixed by the Gibdo's spellbinding gaze. It turned its lanky body and began to trudge towards the door...

Pamela struggled to move, but couldn't, her knees buckled, and her legs felt like lead. She wanted to scream, but only choked on her own breath as she opened her mouth. It felt akin to the paralysis often experienced when attempting to forcefully wake from a bad dream. Pamela struggled with all her might to move, to scream, to look away... anything! She began to feel a warm sensation grown in her underwear, this stimulus, finally helped her to break her gaze away from the Gibdo.

As she broke free from the spell of fear, she fell backwards onto the cold floor, also swinging the door inward. Hitting the floor, Pamela instantly tensed all of the muscles in her body, putting a temporary hold on whatever accident was going on under her dress. She looked up through the doorway and saw the Gibdo again, it was only a few feet away from entering the house. The nearness of danger sent a wave of nausea through her stomach, and a pang of fear through her chest. This pang caused another small spurt of warmth to spread through her panties as Pamela instinctively leapt to her feet, slammed the door, and pulled the latch into place. As soon as the door was secured, both of Pamela's hands shot down in-between her legs, attempting to hold back the floodgates. The noise had alerted all of the other Gidbos, and they had now joined in banging on the house.

With both hands between her legs, Pamela fearfully scampered back downstairs into the basement. Despite the looming fear of what was upstairs, she took the time to inspect the damage to her dignity. She lifted her pink dress and looked at her green tights, there was a small wet patch, barely noticeable. Reaching underneath her tights however, she could feel that her panties were already fairly wet. At this point, Pamela was desperate enough, and disgraced enough that she was considering dropping her clothes and peeing here on the floor. Suddenly, she heard her father banging around in the closet, and calling out to her with muffled groans.

"Uuuh, aahh, P-paaahhhmeeahl-l-leeaaahh uurrng"

"N-no, f-father, not... right...now..."

"*More unintelligible moaning*"

"Father please! I-I can't do...this in front of you" she said as tears of desperation began to well up in her eyes.

"Nonono noo, I c-can't.....h-hold it! Oh..ah, no, eeeh!"

Pamela made helpless little noises as she lost control. She felt another wave of wet warmth flood into her panties, she could not hold it back. One wave quickly turned into two, into three and into a continuous dribble. She clutched her hands against her vagina.

"No, I'm too old for this! Eeek!" She sobbed as she felt the pee soak through her little green tights and leak through her fingers. The continuous dribble had now become an unstoppable stream. Her urine was running down both her legs, leaving dark green streaks in her tights, and pooling on the stone floor beneath her. Pamela's shoes also began to fill with pee. Realizing it was hopeless, she buckled her knees together and stood there shaking as she continued to fully wet herself.

After what felt like several minutes, Pamela finally finished wetting herself. She stood there for several minutes more, crying and unable to move.

"D-daddy, I-I'm s-" *sniffle* "s-sor-ry! I h-had an accident on y-y-" *sob* "your floor!"

"*Unintelligible groans*"

"I'm s-so sorry, please don't be mad at me, I tried to be a big girl!" Pamela cried at her father.

Her cries of shame and desperation had once again alerted the Gibdos outside, and had brought them pounding on the house again. Pamela let out another eek of terror, and dove for the security of her sleeping mat. The accident had made her feel even more like a helpless little girl. Crying, she curled up into a tiny ball and hid there, laying in her own pee soaked clothes, not knowing what else to do.

Written by:

High Meme-Overlord

