Zoey's summer job

Author: Mrgala21

*000*2017-06-20 08:37

This story is indeed a sequel to an earlier story I wrote but could also serve as a stand alone story. If you haven't read the prequel to this (Runs in the family) please check it out as it could clear up any confusion but it is not really vital. That reason alone is why I put this one in a new thread. As always, please leave any feedback you find appropriate.

.......

Zoey once again pressed the snooze button on her phone. This was the exact reason that she set three different alarms for three different times every morning. Zoey could not get up in the morning. Unfortunately Zoey had just turned off her final alarm for the morning. As much as the 19 year old recent high school graduate dreaded this moment, she knew she had to get out of bed. She had landed a summer job as a lifeguard at a water park near her home. The job itself wasn't very inspiring but it paid well and she got to sit out by the pool all day and work on her tan so things could definitely be worse.

Still half asleep, Zoey rolled over in her bed and placed a hand in her crotch. Zoey found herself in a familiar situation. She needed to pee but was not awake enough to get up and go. Zoey wiggled around under her covers and grasped her private parts harder. Zoey really really had to go potty but could not get herself to get up. Plus, Zoey recently discovered she was quite the fan of holding her bodily urges. It was especially pleasurable to hold her crotch and cross her legs over one another.

In her half asleep state, Zoey thought back to her recent encounter with her mother. Part of her was still embarrassed that she had a accident in front of her mother while the other half of her felt very excited. Since the accident, Zoey had wanted to duplicate the same situation again. Zoey soon found herself holding herself with both her hands. Both of said hands were grabbing and holding her crotch with all the teenagers strength. It wasn't soon after that Zoey felt the urge to masterbate. Zoey was quite close to letting out a nights worth of urine into her bed sheets and was turned on beyond belief as a result. Zoey allowed herself to start playing with herself as she imagined her holding her pee Infront of her mother again. Zoey desperately held her crotch and danced around as her mother watched her from the drivers seat. Zoey imagined that her mother had to go too but not as much as she did. A familiar situation indeed but a classic and enjoyable one at that.

Then Zoey's mind drifted to other possible situations. Maybe she really needed a bathroom break at work but could not take it yet. Zoey was now doing a full-on pee dance in her bed and was close to climaxing. She was now fully awake and aware that she should be up and about at this point but she needed to finish her business. Back in her fantasy, Zoey's friend Haley at work asked her what was wrong.

"O nothing Haley, I just wish I could go on break soon."

Zoey imagined herself saying that last line with a pained look on her face and crossed legs. Haley was so attractive in Zoey's mind and she would kill to be in this exact situation. Zoey found herself on the verge of orgasm when suddenly her bedroom door burst open and her mother appeared.

"Zoey, what are you doing? You have to get up!"

Zoey rubbed her eyes and looked at her phone for the time and then to her mother Kate.

"Alright mom I'm up I'm up" Zoey said as she stayed under the covers so her mother could not see her hands planted in her crotch.

"I gotta drive you today so I can have the car. I'll be in the car baby but hurry please."

"ok mom, let me get ready."

With that, Kate left the room and started to walk towards the car. On her way, she looked to the bathroom and at the inviting toilet inside it. Kate had not had her morning pee but secretly enjoyed waiting. She had decided she would not go until she got back from dropping her daughter off at her summer job. As she walked by she had a idea. A very mean and deceitful idea but a good idea at that.

Kate went into the one and only bathroom in the house and shut the door behind her. But Kate preceded to stand by the sink and cross her legs. Kate's bladder was extremely full but she wasn't gonna empty it for a while. What she was going to do was ensure that she was not the only desperate one during the car ride. Kate had already witnessed her daughter extremely desperate for a bathroom and wanted to see it again. It had been almost two months and time was running out before Zoey went away to college. Before that day, Kate wanted to recreate a certain situation that had already taken place.

Meanwhile, Zoey had already thrown on her red one piece swimsuit that barely covered her private parts. Zoey picked the first of many wedgies out of her shapely bottom and whimpered rather loudly. Zoey took a moment to pee dance to herself and gain composure before heading out of her room and towards the bathroom. Once she got to the bathroom she saw that the door was closed and again whined.

" Mom, I have to go can you come out?"

"Honey, I'm going number two and when I get out we are gonna have to leave right away or else you will be really late. Your gonna have to hold it until you get there. "

" Mom, I just woke up. I need my morning pee."

"Zoey, please go wait in the car it's not a far drive at all."

Zoey was in heaven. Yes, she had to go badly and was actually doubting her ability to make it to the bathroom at work but now she had a excuse to put on a show of desperation in front of an audience again. It was again her mother but who was she to complain. Zoey did wish someone else and new was present this time but this would certainly do. Zoey was upset she couldn't climax and knew that mishap would annoy her for the duration of her day but now she could at least have some fun with her situation.

"Mom please." Zoey used her pouting voice and anticipated what her mother's response was going to be.

"I'm sure my 19 year old daughter can hold it for 15 more minutes"

"But there's only that one bathroom for all the lifeguards there and I really need to go mom. What if they tell me to start work right when I get there?"

"Honey, I'm sure you can find time to pee before you start your shift."

"Why can't I just go real quick after you? I seriously can't hold my morning pee this whole ride mom please." Zoey knew exactly what she was doing. Her mother was far to stubborn to come around but Zoey was simply starting the show. Her still turned on state was helping her exaggerate her desperation.

"If you don't go to the car right now you can find your own ride to work missy"

"Mommy, I'll really be so quick I swear. I only need to pee. It's just super bad."

"Zoey I swear if you mess up my car seat again Im never giving you a ride anywhere again. You are about to be a college student. Hold your pee."

A cute whimper escaped Zoey's lips. She actually now wished she could sit on the same toilet she thought her mother was sitting on. Kate could hear her daughter dancing around outside the door and was happy her plan was fully working.

"Get in that car now Zoey!"

Zoey gritted her teeth while digging a hand into her crotch again and started towards the car. Meanwhile Kate waited until she heard the front door close, grabbed her crotch, admired her rather large bladder bulge, and then headed out of the bathroom and to her car to drive her desperate daughter to work.

*005*2017-07-02 07:14

By the time Kate had pulled out of the driveway she felt a little ashamed of her actions. Exactly how unfair she had just been to her daughter hit her when she saw the look on Zoey's face. Her beautiful daughter was already doing a full-on potty dance in her seat and they were barely down the street. The only time Kate had seen Zoey like this was on the way to the college visit. Kate then did start to worry that Zoey might repeat her actions from before and have a accident in her car seat. Maybe Kate actually did want to avoid a situation like that again.

"Zoey, baby are you ok?"

"No, but it's whatever. Can you please just drive faster?"

As if on que, Kate then had to slow down for an upcoming red light.

"I'm sorry baby. I know I was kinda hard on you just now and..."

"Mom just stop please. I need to focus on holding my pee."

"Its going to be ok I promise baby"

"No mom, you knew I had to go and you wouldn't let me. I could have easily went and now I'm sitting here in pain."

Zoey never took such a bad attitude towards her mother and Kate was taken by surprise. But she really couldn't blame her daughter. She had to do something.

"First, never take that sassy attitude with me again and secondly we're gonna stop so you can go. "

Zoey did not expect that. She had expected her mom to be persistent and stubborn. Definitely not give in like this. I mean Zoey knew she was putting on a good show but she was counting on her mom to make her hold it until she got there. In fact, she was secretly wishing for that scenario. Zoey currently was equally close to climaxing into her swimsuit as she was close to wetting it. Zoey had both hands dug into her crotch and her ankles crossed. Zoey permanently had a pained look on her face and could not keep still. The fabric of her tight swimsuit was almost fully eaten by her surprisingly tan butt cheeks. Zoey could not give up the show right now.

"No mom I can hold it. "

"Zoey, your literally shaking please go pee." Kate switched lanes and got into position as a gas station was approaching.

"I'm gonna prove to you I can hold it."

"Zoey, your gonna hurt yourself stop this."

"You said it yourself that I should be able to hold it by now. Plus, we'll be there soon."

Kate could not deny that her daughters point was indeed valid. But now she felt plain bad and worried. Worried about her daughters health as well as her car seat. Not to mention, Kate's theighs were becomin to inch closer to eachother. Kate really needed a toilet. Check that, Kate was desperate for a toilet. Kate last peed at 11:30 the night before. Kate had woken up in the middle of the night with a strong urge but had chosen to put it off in hopes of this exact situation coming to life. Now that it had worked, she felt nothing but worry and pain due to her refusal to let out her urine. Kate's shapely butt shifted position in her seat. Quickly, Kate stopped herself as she realized she could not let Zoey in on her situation. Not after what she had just done. Zoey could not know of her plan. Kate was gonna have to stay perfectly still until Zoey was gone. Then she would pee somewhere.

Kate had been too caught up in her predicament and missed the railroad tracks coming up and ran over them going full speed. Immediately both girls flew out of there seats. Zoey let out a loud whine as she landed. Zoey's face turned bright red and her eyes widened. Pee gushed from Zoey. In an attempt to stop the flow Zoey dug both of her hands into her crotch. Zoey held on with all her might. Poor Zoey had to close her eyes to fully concentrate on the task. Finally the flow stopped but not before pee slipped out of Zoey's one piece swimsuit. Zoey was sitting in a good sized puddle.

Kate shivered as a few drops of urine slid down her theigh. Kate had definitely leaked after the huge bump from the train tracks. Now Kate was worried. A hand shot to her crotch. Not long after, Kate looked to her daughter scared that she may be onto her own situation but saw her daughter in terriable shape. It was obvious that Zoey had somewhat wet herself.

"Pull over mom."

"Did you pee on my seat Zoey?"

"Yes mom I'll clean it but please pull over the rest is about to come out."

"Stop where? There's nowhere plus we are only a few minutes away."

"Just pull over like you did when you went poop on the side of the road"

"At least it wasn't in the car like you missy and you really can't wait a few minutes? There's a lot of cars on this road."

"Mom, I'm sorry you were right I guess I can't hold it. But please please pull over I'm literally in so much pain."

Zoey wasn't lying. This was worse than on the way to the college by far. Drops of urine were constanly escaping the young girl's grasp. Zoey felt like there was a balloon in her stomach. Zoey started to cry as her mother still refused to switch lanes and she lost her battle. Tears started to stream down her cheeks. It was happening. Zoey wanted to hold it to prove her mom wrong but she couldn't. Zoey bounced and twisted her body. She bit her lip and whined. All her power was focused on being a big girl and making it to a potty but that bump was enough to put her over the edge.

Zoey lost all control and finally gave in and let the warmness spread. A smile spread across her face as her croctch, butt, and theighs all became warm. The relief was too much. This was the first time Zoey had actually wet herself since she was a child. Of course, she had the other accident but that was different. Zoey finished peeing and noticed what a mess she was. She also noticed how turned on she was now. It was almost unbearable.

"Again!! Zoey what the hell?"

"You had so many chances to let me go but you didn't so there you go."

"The seat is ruined again! Your swimsuit didn't stop anything!"

Zoey just stared at her mess in shame alwhile secretly enjoying the whole situation. Kate was furious until she realized this was her fault. Seeing all that pee on and around her daughter also made her need so much worse. A nights supply of urine was knocking at the door. Kate started to shake her leg and even shifted position again.

Zoey noticed her mom's actions and immediately knew what they meant. Maybe it was hopefull thinking, but her mother needed a bathroom. She remembered her mom had just went before they left but maybe seeing her accident made her mom have to go again. What she did know was that she wasn't allowing her mother to go for a while now. She deserved revenge.

By now they were pulling into the water park and Zoey had a idea.

Without saying a word, Zoey pulled out her phone and started to make a phone call. Kate parked the car and asked what her daughter was doing but got no response. Instead, Zoey preceded to seemingly make up an excuse on the spot as to why she was apparently not coming into work today. Soon after Zoey said she had car trouble she hung up the phone and simply looked at her mom and said "just take me home please"

Kate was going to infer more about the situation but understood what had happened. She knew Zoey could not go into work covered in pee and it would be unfair to ask her to do so.

By now, Zoey had already texted her friend Haley at work to tell her she wasn't showing up. After Haley questioned her, Zoey simply told her to come over later when she was done with her shift in a few hours. After Haley said she would Zoey knew her plan was going to work. She was going to get her revenge soon.

During the majority of the drive home the two sat in silence. Kate was unable to sit still and Zoey simply stared out of the window. She would glance at her now obviously desperate mother every once in a while and reaffirm what she already knew.

Kate would apologize later. Right now, she just wanted to get home and pee. The drive went well and Kate pulled into the driveway and tuned off the car.

"Let's go in and calm down first and then we will clean up the car."

"Ok mom."

They both got out of the car and walked to the front door. Kate did a little pee dance as she got her keys out and unlocked the door. She no longer cared if Zoey knew she had to go because now she finally could go. Once the door was opened Kate turned to take off her shoes and then preceded to look up and catch her daughter power walking towards the one room she didn't want her to walk towards. The bathroom. But before she could say anything Zoey was already closing the door behind her. Soon after, Kate heard the bathroom door lock as well. Kate's heart dropped.

......

I will hopefully get part three finished sooner rather than later and there will be less of a wait this time. As always, thank you to everyone who reads and leaves feedback. Also, I know this was the same situation as the first story with car desperation but that is a favorite of mine. I promise the coming parts will feature new situations and locations.

*008*2017-07-24 06:00

"What are you doing Zoey?"

"Cleaning up mom".

"Cleaning up what? I need in there right now."

"I did just pee all over myself remember mom?

"yes, I remember it's all over my car but please Zoey just let me in. You can clean yourself up and take a shower in a second."

"why do you need in so bad?"

"Zoey please"

"say it mom"

"Zoey, I really need to pee.

There was silence behind the door. Kate knew that by admitting her need she had just given all the power to her daughter. Having said that, she still expected her daughter to take pity and let her in to relieve herself.

"Zoey, I demand you to let me in. I am your mother!"

Still silence behind the door.

"What the hell are you doing?! I said I need the toilet let me in right now. I know your mad at me but this is not right! Let me go pee and then we can talk."

Kate started to bang on the door with the hand that wasn't holding her crotch. Her decision to not wear panties was starting to come back to haunt her as another small leak squeezed out of her tightly held crotch and slowly make its way down her legs, leaving a very noticeable wet stain on her black leggings that she loved wearing oh so much. Kate could not keep her legs still as they wrapped around eachother. Her need had intensified so drastically since entering the house. Her shapely ass visibly bounced and moved underneath her tight fitting pants.

Having originally woken up to just take Zoey to work and then return home to get ready, Kate wore a sloppy white sleeping shirt without a bra that allowed her boobs to also move freely along with her many awkaward body movements. Kate found herself in the shape of a human pretzel. Both hands with their neatly groomed and bright red fingernails dug into her womenhood. Soon after, Kate let go of any pride she had and threw both hands under her leggings and held her bare and slightly damp womenhood. There was a balloon in her stomach that needed to be emptied. Kate was in extreme pain and it was getting worse by the second. Continued attempts to get her daughters attention seemed to repeatedly fall on deaf ears.

But Kate was wrong. Her pleas were in fact heard. Zoey was hearing every single whimper and moan her mother was letting out. Zoey could even hear her mothers little movements. Her feet repeatedly being lifted up and down. Her hands being pulled away from her crotch in order to bang on the door. It was so perfect because Zoey knew how this felt. Her mother would soon lose her battle just like Zoey had herself. Zoey loved it.

Zoey continued to pleasure herself. It was long overdue and extremely necessary. The events of this morning and the situation currently playing out was too dreamlike. Zoeys wet one piece swimsuit smelled of urine. She was soaked. In fact, Zoey glistened with her own pee. Her backside had eaten her swimsuit to the point where she was unsure if she would ever get this wedgie out. But all any of that did was add to this amazing experience. Zoey had never been this turned on. She didn't even know this level of arousal was even attainable until this moment. As a result, Zoey had her back against the bathroom door, hand in her own womanhood, other hand on her breasts and the biggest smile on her face that had ever been there. She was so close.

"Zoey, please. I'm dying."

Just as Kate was about to dismiss her plea as another unanswered call, zoeys voice was heard for the first time in a while.

"When was the last time you went mom?"

"Zoey, what the hell are you doing? Not answering me and the n asking weird questions. Come on let me in."

Again nothing.

"Zoey!!"

It seemed as if the whole world was silent it was so quiet.

Kate decided a new approach was necessary.

"I didn't go this morning Zoey. I thought I could hold it until after I dropped you off. I just didn't want to be the only one desperate so I didn't let you go(Kate figured that wasn't a full lie). I'm so so sorry what happened to you earlier and I will make it up to you but please I absolutely need to pee."

Even after all that, nothing.

"Some is coming out. I am literally doing the pee dance. Way worse than you even were." Kate tried to say that last part with a laugh but couldn't manage and it instead came out as a whine.

"I have to poop too. I lied about doing that to keep you out. I know it's bad but I want to help you be able to hold it longer so you have no more accidents in college."

Kate was left with no answer once more.

"I know you want revenge and I know you can hear me so let's make a deal. Please just let me in and I'll just go #1 and not number 2." Kate couldn't even say the word "pee" as she would probably lose it if she did.

Zoey was on the verge for the second time that morning. It was too good to be true.

Suddeny, Zoey heard a soft splatter on the ground,a loud thud, and then sniffles.

On the other side of the door Kate had fallen to her knees. Hands were still deep in her crotch but it wasn't helping. She sat on her feet and her calves and both were now getting wet with urine as leak after leak turned into spurt after spurt. The middle aged women had begun to cry. She thought she might have done some serious damage to her bladder as she was in severe pain at this point. Pee splattered onto the ground below her. Her black leggings were growing darker. Her bare feet were now wet and glistening. A loud fart found its way out of Kate as all the stress Kate was experiencing took its toll. A turd found its way right to the edge of Kate's backside but, unlike her urine, she was able to keep that inside of her.

Zoey's feet were now becoming wet with her mothers pee as it leaked under the door. Zoey's head thrust back as her body went still. Zoey was sent into a state of utter euphoria as a orgasm overcame her. Zoey closed her eyes and focused on her mothers now very loud crying as she finished. Every few seconds or so a fart either loud or quiet could be heard from Kate and then crying would once again take over as the primary source of noise. Kate was happy that her Mother's Day of desperation would continue as she was sure her mother would not poop herself yet.

Zoey was right about that. Kate did not let anything out of her besides the seemingly never ending torrent of urine. Tears continued to roll down her face. Kate was now sobbing as she could now not fully enjoy her relief as she needed to keep her other bodily waste inside of her or else this would get real ugly. Pee now covered every conceivable inch of her lower half. Kate could even feel pee soaking and nestling its way in between her large butt cheeks. Kate could not stop crying and worse of all was still in extreme pain. She had only wanted to see her daughter desperate and be a little desperate herself. She did not want this.

"Ok mom, I'm gonna hop in the shower real quick. Be right out!"

*013*2017-07-26 20:52

{{On 7/25/2017 at 2:36 PM, DonnyWotty said:

This is looking great!

One thing I really hope to see is either Zoey or Kate (or both) being desperate for a poo in public, and eventually a really strong urge overtaking them as they partially poo their pants. Then they have to try and hold in the rest and make it to a restroom, all while trying to act natural and not like they have a small, warm pie in their pants already.

Whether or not they actually hold the rest in long enough to get there is up in the air ;)

}}

This type of situation was exactly where I was thinking of going for the next part! Read my mind.

*015*2017-08-08 18:00

As the shower turned on and Zoey stripped off her very very wet swimsuit, Kate still couldn't move. She was still in awe about what just happened. She hadn't had an accident since she was in her teens and here she was absolutely covered in her own urine. Kate now had a hand seemingly permanently placed on her rear end as her other need was now taking center stage. As she was holding herself, she realized just how uncomfortable she actually was. Pee in EVERY conceivable spot whether it was her theighs being covered or even to her ass now being soaked even to inside her cheeks. The distinct scent of urine was now fully stating to fill the air as well.

"Zoey!!! Why do you get the shower? I'm the one who just peed all over the place!" Kate was again jiggling the door handle as if Zoey had unlocked it. Zoey definitely hadn't.

Kate now found herself standing up and trying to wipe away her many tears. She needed to poop and then shower in that order and nothing else mattered to her at the moment.

"Hello? The door was unlocked so I just let myself in."

Kate's heart dropped straight out to her stomach. And a particularly strong urge hit Kate and caused her to double over with one hand on her poor stomach and the other on her very large and very wet butt.

"Kate! Zoey! Where are you guys?"

Kate grimaced as she remembered her plans for the day. She was to go out to breakfast with her mother today. She had completely forgotten with everything that happened. That was why she needed the car. She was supposed to meet her at the restaurant so Kate was very confused as to why she had just walked into her house but she couldn't let her mother see her like this!

"Hi mom! I'll be right down. Why are you here I thought we were meeting at the place"

Kate heard the stairs start creeking indicating her mother was coming up them followed by the words "yea we were but actually I decided to come here to use your restroom for a second. We can go there straight from here it's close. I'll drive. "

Kate was very surprised to hear that and a little taken aback cause her mother was a very formal lady. Her mother, Lynn, had had Kate young so she wasn't even that old she just had a no nonsense, very little humor personality. In fact, Kate dreaded spending prolonged periods of time with her as that would require conversation and Kate would have gotten more out of a brick wall. She had never even heard her mother mention her bodily functions in any detail at all.

"No mom!" Kate then had to calm herself down as to not sound too desperate. "Zoeys in the shower right now"

The creeking of the stairs stopped suddenly and then her mother simply replied with "ok then I'll wait in the car"

After a simple "ok I'll be out soon" Kate ran to her bedroom and started changing. She was so so dirty and wet and felt plain nasty. But she had to push through this. She would go at the restaurant. After peeling off her wet clothes she took a second to gather herself. She was at probably a 8 out of 10 on the desperation scale for her need now. She stood for a second with both hands on her bare butt and grimaced. She had to go. But she was a fighter and she could do this. She had to do this. She threw on some light jeans with a white tank top with pink cotton panties underneath. All of this was thrown right over her pee covered body but with a little extra perfume to cover the smell she knew it would be hidden. She threw her dirty wet clothes deep into her closet and turned to leave. As she opened her door, She looked to see if Zoey was out of the shower yet but no such luck. Cleaning up the mess would have to wait until later.

Kate and lynns car ride to the restaurant was pretty uneventful. Kate bounced up and down and grimaced but her mother was so focused on making boring small talk that she didn't notice. Lynns theighs were pushed closely together and Kate could definitely tell her mother had to pee. She felt like Zoey, having your desperate mother drive her around while she too was desperate. Towards the end of the ride Kate felt a very very strong urge coming. Kate grimaced and quickly threw her hands under her butt all while starting to blush.

"Kate, what in the world is wrong with you? You seem like you really are not well"

"I'm...fine...mom" Kate had to say that through gritted teeth. Her poop was coming and fast.

"You are not! Look at you! Face all flushed and pale. Should I take you to a doctor?"

Just then Kate accidentally let out a very loud and very long fart.

"Sorry!"

"Kate! You are too old for that! And in my car!"

"Im so sorry mom"

"Your lucky we are almost there so we don't have to sit in your filth"

Kate really hated her mother. At least she wasn't this bad when it came to Zoey. She liked to think she was a cooler more nice version of her mom but then again she had made Zoey pee herself earlier soo...

As they parked and got out another large fart found its way out of Kate and this time it was worse. It was wet. Kate now could feel a very uncomfortable amount of waste in between her butt cheeks. And walking was a disaster as it just kept falling down and started to run down her shapely theighs. On the way in, Lynn stopped suddenly and bounced on her heels.

"What's wrong mom? Let's go" Kate almost whispered as she was in so much pain.

"O uh nothing. But when we get in can you please do me a favor and get a table while I use the bathroom?"

"umm ok I will" Kate couldn't think of a good enough excuse not too.

They got in and Kate was seated as Lynn quite literally speed walked to the bathroom. Kate felt her mess expand when she was forced to sit on it. She let out at least another 5 farts Ian the time before her mother got back. She was gonna make a run for the toilet when her mother got back.

The cute 20 something waitress took the drink orders and probably noticed that Kate was in pain but didn't say a word about it. Lynn rounded the corner and sat back down looking very relieved. "I got in there just in time. The janitor was nice enough to wait for me before he started cleaning"

"what janitor? What do you mean" Kate asked her mother in a absolute panic.

"they are cleaning the bathrooms. My god Kate was is wrong with you?"

Kate decided is was the time to spill the beans considering her accident was already well underway."I have to go to a bathroom"

"O, well I'm sure they will be done soon."

"Is the men's open or something? I need to go now."

"men's room?! Kate your too old to be acting like this and i know I raised you better than this to think about using a men's room. For gods sake"

###

Back at home, Zoey was out of the shower and dressed in black yoga pants and a red t shirt. She had had a very nice morning. Eventful and a little traumatic but enjoyable nonetheless. She didn't know if her mom expected her to clean up this mess or not but that wasn't happening. Besides, the smell of urine filling the house was nice. What Zoey was sure of was that her mother was at breakfast with her grandma and that Kate had to poop. She also knew that there was a very good chance Kate wouldn't get to relieve herself.

There was no way to be sure of that but she could sense that Kate wouldn't have gone yet. Zoey would have liked to go with to eat just to see her mom desperate but she staying allied her to get things ready at the house. That was the only chance she was taking in this master plan of hers. Either way she could work with it too. Just then, hailey from work texted Zoey saying she had gotten off work really early today and was on her way over now. Zoey smiled to herself. This was all coming along so very nicely.

*018*2017-08-08 19:26

{{1 hour ago, Bellatrix1 said:

Damn Zoey is evil lol

}}

I know she is but she does deserve revenge.

*020*2017-08-10 01:11

{{4 hours ago, DonnyWotty said:

Oh jeez! So, exactly how badly has Kate currently messed herself so far? Is she just a bit messy between her cheeks, or is it enough to sport a small bulge?

}}

So far just a bit messy but will as you can guess it will get worse soon

