The Wet Rune

Author: Markj9494

*000*2021-01-31 09:04

Hi guys, here is my next story but its going to be a bit different to the ones I have done before.

Usually I’ve already planned out much of a story and have notes for each step along the way. But I’ve not got as much free time as before, so I am starting this without the prior planning. There is a high probability that this could become another unfinished story on the site and, posts may be sporadic and random lengths depending on when I get the time and inclination to write.

I'm saying all this because I often get people commenting they are happy to see a story with an ending, so thought I would be upfront with this. But hopefully it will still be enjoyable to you all!

The Wet Rune

Chapter 1: The foundation

Rays of morning sunlight shone through the partially curtained windows, illuminating a figure seemingly deep in thought. A stillness filled the room, the only movement coming from the drifting dust glimmered in the light having recently displaced from its position atop the numerous old boxes and piles of long forgotten books. Carefully the figure turned a page of the fragile book, studying the faded and stained pages covered in barely legible glyphs and symbols. Her right hand slowly moving over and taking a note of something in an old leather notebook that had seemingly seen better days.

Hearing the floor creak the figure turned their head to see a younger woman, her assistant was hurrying towards her whilst carrying a number of scrolls in her arms. A broad smile on her face as she caught her superiors attention.

“Annabeth, I think I found something” She said, rolling out two of the scrolls on the table and using a random assortment of artefacts and books to weight down the corners. Her associate simply raising her hands out of the path of the scroll in a way that suggested she was used to these sorts of interruptions. Picking up the mug from the table she took a swig from the stale and old tea before leaning over to peer over the ancient texts unfurled before her.

“Well I am glad you have, im still coming up empty.” She sighed, placing the empty mug down on one of the few uncovered parts of the table.

“Ok, so look here. Anything seem odd to you?” Her assistant said excitedly.

“Nope, that just looks like the seal of Erzulie.”

“Correct, but this isn’t a Benin scroll, its Egyptian”

“Ok, that’s weird.” Annabeth said, moving around the table for a better look. Her interest clearly peeked by the revelation that would have made sense to very few others. “So we have a deity about 4,000 miles and a few hundred years out of place.”

“Yeah, and then over here we have it again. But this time it’s a translation of a Mameluke text found in Spain.” Her assistant continued, a large tomb carefully placed on top, open to a gold leaf page covered in sigils and marks both women were deeply familiar with.

“hmmm” Now looking at the second text, she peered closer at number of ornate symbols, her hand outstretching and grabbing a magnifying glass to help. “There is Nanshe from the Sumerians as well as Tefnut and Anuket from Egypt” Annabeth said using a finger to lightly trace the scripture on the page. “So this really could be it. The sect we were looking for?”

“That’s what I was thinking and more than that, if you read the passage down there” her assistant said pointing to the bottom of the opposite page.

“A communal treasure, its power unimaginable was stored by the priests of the water of life to protect it until it was needed again. To protect it from the great….What does that word say Courtney?” Annabeth asked, her assistant farm more of a linguist than even she was.

“Uh… I think it translates to roughly famine, or maybe thirst. It mentions the tale of the Famine Stela, which Anuket is also present for, so it could be referring to that?”

“The seven-year drought? That was where they talked to the gods at the Elephantine spring in Egypt and the temple of Satet was created right?”

“Yes exactly and I think the the cult of Satis may have formed a basis for our larger group. Judging by the few mentions of the Omotet It would appear that it was somewhat of a secret sect, even from many other groups that knew of each other. It is possible that members of Satis were also members of Omotet.” The young assistant said, looking up and pushing her glasses further up her nose.”

There was a long pause as the two women contemplated their findings, the room falling silent for a moment. They had been working on this for months, years... but now they had found something. Although, they had both been bitten like this before, the secret sect many believed to have never existed becoming some what of an awkward conversation for both of them. Many of their peers putting it up there with the theory of aliens building the pyramids.

“So, do you think this is it Annabeth. The fountain of youth?”

“Only one way to find out, but this is great work Courtney. We might be on the verge of one of the greatest rediscoveries ever.” She said, a wide smile covering her face as they locked eyes. The tiredness of many sleepless nights wiped away in an instant.

###

So that is the set up, I'd love to know peoples thoughts.

Also, sorry to anyone who might now more about Egyptology than me, I did my best but I probably got some things wrong there....

More coming soon!

Also, this is largely inspired by a story I read many years ago called the Wet Stone that I think many of us will be familiar with. But if not I would 100% recommend this story.

$iframe data-embed-src="https://www.omorashi.org/topic/5110-wetstone/?do=embed"

*004*2021-02-02 07:39

Chapter 2: A discovery

4 weeks later…

Screwing the cap back on her canteen Annabeth took another look at the stone surface in front of her. A strange rock surface at odds to the yellow sandstone that surrounded it and inscribed with a language long forgotten to most. Flicking her notebook open she began to translate the mural that had been etched into the solid surface. The deep lines almost perfectly protected from the affects of age by the cover stone that now led on the floor to its right.

“To those who seek its power, know its binding forces are… uncomfortable?” she read aloud, frowning slightly at the strange phrasing.

The voice of her assistant sounded from a small device she had lodged in her ear.

“Maybe that’s not exactly what it meant at the time? Its been several thousand years since that was written, so something being lost in translation is not unexpected. Maybe its more along the lines of troublesome?”

“Yeah that’s a good point” Annabeth said, moving a strand of her dark auburn hair from her face and securing it under the brim of her tan coloured cap.

“Then the warning continues, something about powerful forces that seek to use its power. All those of a true virtue should turn back and leave this place or wake the forces of the… Diadem. Are you sure these translations you gave me are right?”

“Well that does seem a little odd, and it was quite hard to translate the scriptures we found in Egypt and Nigeria. But considering it was such a niche offshoot of the dialect, I think a few words here and the isn’t bad.”

“True and thank you for doing this. I don’t want you to think I don’t appreciate your work.”

“Don’t be silly Annabeth, I know you do. But thank you.”

“Right then, I guess its time to head in. The signal won’t reach inside so I’ll call you back once I get out again.”

“Be careful” Courtney said, her voice absent of concern. Not from not meaning what she had said, but this wasn’t her bosses first expedition.

“I will do, fingers crossed ill have some good news to give you shortly”

Moving aside a tangle mess of plants, the young woman slowly moved through the small opening into the cavern behind the stone. The light making its way through the opening and illuminating a small portion of the room in front of her. Cracking a yellow glow stick she shook it vigorously until its chemical light filled the room and allowed her to get a better view.

The small chamber she had entered was adorned with pictures of fountains, flowing waterfalls and of the various gods pouring large jugs of water over naked women.

“Well seems like this should be the place” Annabeth muttered to herself as she went to work. A passage she had found in a local archive had led her to this location. Describing the hidden temple in detail, including the false wall behind which the other chambers would be accessible. Unfortunately, it also spoke of a number of tests and defences the old cultists had left behind, but this wasn’t her first temple.

Picking up a handful of dust from the floor she laid it on her flat hand, slowly moving it horizontally around the walls. It took a few moments but then she saw what she wanted, the dust on her hand lightly stirred as she ran past a crease in the wall.

“There we are”

Wiping the decades old dust from her hand she took a crowbar out of her backpack, placing it into the crease that she now knew was not as solid as it first seemed. Directional airflow meant that at the very least there was some sort of opening behind it and, hopefully the entrance she was looking for.

Anchoring the crowbar Annabeth pried at the large sandstone brick, using all her might she pulled as hard as she could. Slowly the brick moved, small flakes of it falling off as a horrible scraping noise filled the room. Opening it far enough she could pass through she stopped pulling, breathing heavily after the exertion she replaced the crowbar and took out her canteen again. Taking a large swig of water she swirled it around her mouth, trying to combat the dryness caused by the desert atmosphere.

Taking a heavy metal wedge out of her bag she carefully wedged it into the opening. Adventuring by yourself was always hazardous and she didn’t want to get stuck down here until someone came to rescue her. The small three-pronged device would make sure that even if the block of sandstone shifted, it wouldn’t completely close the entrance again. A lesson she had learned the hard way after being stuck in an Aztec pyramid for three days while she was a student.

Carrying on down the corridor she arrived at a much more elaborate chamber. A single large carving covered the four walls and ceiling, a mural to the water gods this temple worshiped. Each of the gods they had seen before were depicted here, “Anuket, Erzulie, Tefnut and Nanshe” she said aloud as her deep hazel eyes scanned the walls. The architecture was impressive even after all this time. Although quite what all these gods were doing in one temple was still somewhat of a mystery to her. Despite their findings, there was very little on the purpose of the group known as Omotet, but if these carvings were at least a signal they were in the right place.

The carving appeared to be of a large throne room, surrounding a fountain covering the roof. 12 runes were clearly carved into it although from the floor it was hard to identify them, almost 12 feet in the air above her. Scanning the walls again she noted a number of other patron’s on the banquet, apparently their expectant gods were not alone. 14 people or gods were carved onto the walls, each with their own seal of some kind and a small hole in the centre of each one.

Peering into one she began to wonder if a tomb robber had gotten here first. Did these gaps originally hold a small gem? Or maybe they were ancient keyhole’s. No, this had to be a test of some kind. Shifting around the wall, she took a closer look she had to be missing something.

As she stepped to the right she felt her leather boot depress something in the floor, looking down she instantly realised what she had done. It was a trap!

With a loud bang a hidden slab of rock fell into place from above, blocking the end of the corridor. Rushing over she tried to move it but it was no use, it was just too heavy. But soon her attention was taken by a rushing sound above her head, a deluge of water starting to come out of the fountain depicted on the celling.

“Oh no!” She almost whispered to herself as the water crashed down around her, her eyes going wide and heart skipping a beat.

Looking around for anything useful she was starting to panic, there was no way out.

“Okay, Okay, right so it’s a test Annabeth, just solve the test” she told herself, thinking aloud.

“So we have 14 people, 12 symbols, gods of various African cultures.”

The water was now inching its way up her calves, the cold lapping of it against her skin not helping her levels of panic. Her tan trousers slowly darkening as the water crept upwards.

“Ok, so its Anuket, Erzulie, Tefnut, Nanshe, Horus…..wait!”

Looking closer, despite the fact the figure was clearly labelled Horus, it was an image of Ra the sun god. The pair shared a lot of similarities, but one thing was different, the orb of light above their head, if it was Horus it shouldn’t be there.

Wading over to the image as the water made its way past her knees she studied the image, the hole she had seen earlier directly in the centre of the image’s head. That had to be it, quickly she grabbed her torch from her top pocket and clicked it on, shining the light into the hole in the orb.

To her relief she heard a loud clicking noise and the pouring water stopped as quickly as it had begun. The room quickly emptying as the water drained through uncovered holes in the ground. Puffing out her cheeks Annabeth’s racing heart started to slow as her impending doom seemed to be lessening.

A second click echoed through the chamber as the water finished draining away, the holes were recovered and a small portion of the north wall moved revealing a new chamber and the slab blocking her way back fell into a new gap freeing her.

Carefully pushing the new stone door further into the room she carefully surveyed the room. Taking a moment to drop onto all fours and look across the ground, see made sure to look for any other pressure plates. To her relief it seemed there were none in this room, although she was sure there was going to be something. Ancient cults didn’t hide their treasures so just anyone could find them.

Satisfied there were no traps that would be set off by just her presence, Annabeth set her backpack on the ground. Taking her cap off for a moment she ruffled her long auburn hair before stuffing it back under hat. Looking down her trousers were soaked with water that was probably sitting in a chamber above her for centuries and full of who knows what.

Slowly she removed her water-logged clothing, stripping down to her silk boxer shorts which were thankfully still dry. They looked a little odd on her feminine and slender body, but the loose and flowing fabric really helped beat the heat in a climate like this. Wringing her trousers she did her best to get most of the water out of them, before putting them in a plastic bag and back into her bag. Rummaging through the large container she pulled out a small bottle of sanitizing gel and some loose fitting cotton trousers. Despite having a hotel room nearby she always carried a few days of supplies just in case.

Generously applying the gel to her hands she quickly wiped down her toned legs, trying to make sure to get all the areas the water reached. She did not want to get cholera or some other horrible water borne disease from 5,000 years ago.

Finishing up and getting dressed again she looked around the room, spotting those same seals, the images of the gods but this time they were the right ones. Now each of them were depicted with a strange rune on their hands or arms, recognisable as the ones on the fountain in the last room.

Taking a closer look it seemed they could be pressed into the wall. It must be an ancient lock of some kind she realised, a combination lock which required her to press the correct symbols together. Pausing for a moment she felt her first moment of apprehension at the thought of quite what would happen if she got it wrong. Taking a moment, she placed another metal blocker at the entrance to this chamber, just as she had done with the first one.

“Okay, so 14 gods but 12 symbols.” She said thinking out loud, a tactic that often helped her problem solve.

“it’s a combination lock, so that means some must be pressed and others not.” Looking around the room for clues she was drawing a blank.

“So no clues in here… but this is a temple of the Omotet so that means that it was probably built by the worshipers of Anuket, Erzulie, Tefnut and Nanshe.” They were after all the gods that seemed to come up again and again in the scripts she had been reading. Walking over she began pressing Anuket’s rune, depressing it slowly into the wall where it clicked into place and rotated 90 degrees.

Annabeth paused for a moment, holding her breath and waiting to see what fate would befall her. To her relief it appeared nothing was going on, reassured in her assumptions of the puzzle she quickly pressed the remaining runes for the deities she had identified.

As the last rune rotated into position a hiss of air rushed from behind the wall to her right as the giant stone tablet rose into the air, pulled upwards by some ancient machinery still somehow working today. A wave of dust and debris from the uncovered and apparently air tight chamber rushed towards her and making her cough.

Waving a hand in front of her face to dissipate the dust and sand now flying around the room she squinted trying to see into the new chamber. Moving slowly forwards she could tell she had found something important. The chamber had to be three times the size of the room she was in, ornate coloured sculptures adorned the walls, perfectly preserved carving of the gods and wall upon wall of texts. Her heart fluttered madly, this was amazing and by far the best thing she had ever found. What amazing discoveries or knowledge were contained within these scrolls, the stories and texts could shine so much more light on this group of people that had largely gone unnoticed in ancient history.

Noticing a number of hanging torches on the wall, she lit one with her Firestarter and carried it into the room. Her pocket torch would likely provide more light but she was a sucker for things like this, to her it felt like she was taking part in history itself.

Despite what she was sure would turn out to be a treasure trove of knowledge there was one thing that captured her attention above all else, a large pulpit in the centre of the room. A small but golden version of the fountain she had seen on so many of the scriptures and even on the walls of the temple. This might not have been the real fountain of youth, but its presence made her believe that something in here was going to point towards the real one. Her life’s work was in reach.

Walking slowly over to the fountain the light of her torch was flickering and reflecting brightly off the gold leaf. Approaching the fountain there seemed to be something in the centre, a round ceramic looking object. It was a rune, just like one of the ones she had seen on the walls around this location. It was Erzulie’s rune, although something about it was off. The painted symbol was yellow, everything she had seen previously it had always been painted it blue.

The light glimmered, dancing off the rune as it sat there, invitingly. Stretching out a hand Annabeth touched the rune, attempting to get a better look at it. But as soon as she touched it a bright light filled the room and a deafening roar of wind threw her backwards.

“Ahhhh!” she yelled as she was forced to the floor, a burning sensation creeping up the hand that had touched the rune before enveloping her entire body. A bright piercing light shone from the fountain she yelled, unable to move and pinned by an invisible force, her body burned and writhed. She was filled with a deep heat that was unimaginable and indescribable but seemed to be causing no pain. Sweat dripped off her body as her breath left her body and she passed out, darkness creeping in from the edges of her vision before the temple seemed to collapse in around her.

###

I hope you enjoyed the next chapter, still no Omo yet but should hopefully have helped set the scene for the rest of the story.

Thanks for reading (Omo parts should start from here on out.)

*007*2021-02-04 08:07

Chapter 3: Awakening

Blinking slowly Annabeth quickly sat upright as the panic and hazy memories of what had just happened came flooding back to her. She wasn’t sure how long she had been there, or really about anything that had just happened. Her last memory was the burning taking over her body, the strange rune had exploded in some strange energy unlike anything she had seen before. Had she fallen for another of the temples traps?

Taking a few moments to check herself over as she sat on the dusty ground and was glad to see that she was still in once piece, although looking down she sighed deeply. Her cotton trousers were now drenched in what she was sure by the smell was her own urine. The taxing effect of what had just transpired clearly too much for her bladder to take. She had needed to pee before entering the temple after draining her canteen and had been pretty desperate when she found this room. But her desperation had been quickly forgotten once she had seen what was in here, perhaps that may have been a bit of an oversight.

Laying her head back against the sand covered floor she relaxed for a moment, trying to calm her racing pulse and body that was still on high alert from earlier. Flexing her muscles she could still move everything and nothing seemed to be injured. A dull ache from her left arm caused her to rub it.

That was weird, as her pal massaged her arm she could feel something under her shirt sleeve. Aware of her private surroundings she quickly unbuttoned her shirt and slid her arm out.

“What the…..” she breathed as she took in the sight, unable to comprehend what she saw.

Covering her left tricep was a strange marking, a copy of the rune she had touched!

It looked almost like a tattoo but its raised surface meant she could feel it protruding slightly. Her mind raced, what the hell had just happened? How could this have happened; how can a rune suddenly explode and then imprint itself inside her arm she wondered as she fought the panic that was once again creeping into her mind. Squeezing it between two fingers she felt no discomfort, she could barely feel it other than a radiating heat that seemed to be emanating from it. At least it seemed to be benign.

As she continued to inspect it she could feel a building pressure within her bladder, maybe her body had regained control over itself halfway through her wetting herself and, now the adrenaline was wearing off it was making its presence known. Although, judging by the size of the dark and quickly drying puddle that surrounded her that didn’t seem to be the case. But she could hold it a while longer, or could she?

Something strange was going on in her body, she could feel her bladder filling at an alarming pace. The slight niggle giving way to a stronger ache and now it had almost started pulsing inside her as it stretched. Had something inside her been damaged, had she bruised her bladder, is that even a thing she worried? Grimacing as her bladder started to throb inside her, she stood up gingerly. She couldn’t pee in here, it was the archaeological find of her life and she would not risk it by peeing on it…again.

Clutching her still numb arm she threw her backpack over her shoulder and started to rush out of the chamber and the temple.

“Fuck, fuck, fuck” she muttered as she all but sprinted for the entrance. Her desperation quickly getting out of control as her bladder contracted insider her, approaching the first chamber she felt a spurt escape her control. She really must have done something, there was no way she could get this desperate this quickly she thought to herself. Clambering up the slope into the entrance chamber she felt more spurts wet her still damp trousers, running down her quickly moving legs.

Throwing her bag to the ground just outside the chamber she grabbed the hem of her trousers and boxers and ripped them down. Piss began exploding out of her even before she had reached a squatting position as her bladder began to empty itself again. Quickly a river of pee shot out of her as she panted, a faint warmth sill moving across her lower legs as the wetness from her leaks spread through the absorbent material she had failed to pull down in time.

Relaxing completely she hung her head down as she continued to pee but what Annabeth had assumed would be a short pee caused by a bruised bladder turned out to be one of the longest pee’s of her life. Pee continued gushing out of her for almost 40 seconds, what the hell was going on, how could she have been holding this much inside her? Watching the trails of pee run across the stone surface she was currently using as an emergency toilet she was amazed and confused. There was no way she should have this much liquid insider her, especially after having wet her self ashamedly when….what ever had happened, happened. Finally her stream ended as a river of her pee streamed down the stone surface and into the recesses of this other chamber.

But the relief was short lived as now she was empty again, she had bigger problems. Somehow a rune had somehow attached itself to her. Rolling up her sleeve this time she tried to get a better look. The skin was cool now, the raised surface almost like a tribal needle tattoo where the ink is hammered into the skin. Thankfully brushing her hand over it again she couldn’t feel any cuts or breaks in the skin, maybe it was temporary. Squeezing it tightly between two fingers she tried to get some of the pigment to come up to the surface, but it was no use. Whatever it was made of was deep under her skin.

As she continued to play with her new unwanted tattoo she felt another pang from her bladder. Taking her hand away from the tattoo she placed it between her legs and the need to pee was abated slightly. The confusing situation driving her mad, she really didn't have time for what ever was causing this need to pee. Even kidney infections don’t do this she thought, having many first hand experiences of that from holding on the long nights of studying or traveling in undeveloped countries.

Now in control she this time tried to stretch the skin of her arm to see if it distorted it at all. The markings seemed to magically shift with her toned arms, but there it was, the increasing need to pee again. Shoving her hand back between her legs she contemplated peeing on the ground again. But it was strange, she defiantly needed to pee but it wasn’t coming on as strong as last time. But why, what was different and what was causing it to happen in the first place? She would have assumed she was empty the first time but that didn't seem to have any impact on her body filling itself again.

Thinking back she remembered her rush out, she had been holding the marking on her arm, but that can’t be it can it? It had all started after this marking had appeared, but why would this be a thing. Maybe she was still unconscious, that made much more sense than anything that was actually happening. But despite that she was sure she was awake, for better or worse.

She just had to test it...

Gently pressing her hand against the rune for a few seconds she felt the unmistakeable desire to pee escalating inside her bladder. Quickly letting go of the rune the need stabilised although was still significant as she squeezed her legs together, the dampness of her boxer shorts making her thigh’s feel clammy as they now rubbed against each other.

So that was it? The rune now on her arm was making her need to pee. What sort of madness was this?

$

