Unit 87-441: System Flush/ No Voicebox

Author: mojoomojojo

*000*2024-06-15 19:36

“While the system is flushing I’ll take a look at that static you’ve been experiencing in your voice-box, I’ve got a feeling it’s a loose wire… there we go. If you need anything, use the keyboard, since you won’t be able to speak until I put this back in. All good? I’ll be back in a few, there’s dream chips in the drawer second on the left if you get bored.”

Unit 87-441, “Pinks” because of something that its first human master had said about a board game and Unit 87-441 didn’t fully understand but seemed to make its master happy, blinked affirmative. It used its internal sensors to feel the now-empty space in its neck, where its faulty voice box had until a few seconds ago been sitting. Really, if it weren’t for that, it wouldn’t even have come in to the shop today, but the static had become so bad it hadn’t even been able to answer its current master the last two days, and the poor dear had insisted it come to a doctor-- had driven it on the back of their hover-cycle themselves. Unit 87-441’s nerve-wires sparked. It had a good master, this time. It was grateful.

This was even a nicer shop than it normally went to, better-lit and better-stocked. The fluid pump was a new model-- cleaning solvent forced through a complicated series of tubes that Unit 87-441 tracked in loops across the wall, finally extending to the sterile filter that ported the liquid into Unit 87-441’s own body. Despite the abundance of coils-- Unit 87-441 lifted the tube coming out of its right arm slightly, careful not to dislodge it-- the flow rate remarkably fast; it was used to having to sit in the pump chair for hours, while at this rate it predicted it would only have to wait a total of thirty minutes before it could be emptied and re-oiled. What a marvel! It would have to thank its master thoroughly when it got back home.

<I am very comfortable, thank you.> It typed on the keyboard, but did not hit send. Nobody liked a chatty bot; humans appreciated gratitude, as long as it did not inconvenience them. It would send the message at the end of the visit.

The pumps on the wall groaned, and Unit 87-441 looked up, face-plate displaying confusion. The rate was already quick-- was it speeding up again? It seemed so. Now instead of a gentle ebb, the fluid felt more like a cold rush over the inside of its limbs and joints, with little time to warm on its trip through its body before it collected in the waste tank in its abdomen. Well, it would be efficient, Unit 87-441 reasoned, and depressed its alarm sensors to accept the new sensation. Less time in the chair indeed! It hoped this doctor realized it was an older model, and wasn’t necessarily used to this new-fangled pump system, but (it clicked down its nerves again) of course, it would all be just fine.

The pumps groaned again.

How fast could they possibly go?

Now its right arm was was quite cold, and tickled, with the force of the fluid flowing into it; the back of its neck and its upper back tingled with the chill as well. Its left arm, left leg, and abdomen, on the other hand-- ah! One of its masters had enjoyed puns-- were almost overheating, with how hard they were working to encompass the volume. Unit 87-441 ticked up its circulation ability and again ticked down its internal sensation. Still, the waste-liquid holding tank was becoming noticeably heavy; a usual effect of system flushing, of course, and one Unit 87-441 was used to bearing. It reminded itself of this. It clicked down its internal sensors.

<Quite comfortable.> it typed on the keyboard, and did not hit send.

The holding tank sent its first warning, the inside of Unit 87-441’s helmet blaring red. It was-- normal-- for system flushing. It just simply did not usually happen until the last quarter hour.

Perhaps a dream chip would help Unit 87-441 have better control. Surely this was simply an overreaction to being in a new situation. It reached for the drawer-- and paused, its system sending a 0.5-second A-O-M, Automatic-Override-of-Motion, as the liquid within its holding tank splashed the entry valve near the top. Helmet blaring red again, Unit 87-441 slowly eased back to the seat, now sitting completely upright.

Its nerve wires were too dampened to spark in embarrassment this time, but it could feel the psycho-effective burn as it erased the first two messages and typed out: <Pardon me, Doctor, one moment, please?>

One of its legs twitched as the knee joint briefly overheated and was cooled; the liquid in its tank hit the top valve again, and Unit 87-441’s throat worked around the absent voice-box as its helmet went off. It lowered its sensors to near-numb. If it made a mess on this beautiful, upscale shop floor, after its master had been so nice, it would be decommissioned for sure…!

The thought made its wires tremble. Unfortunately, any trembling right now meant that the delicate meniscus on top of its waste tank would break, and a slosh of water not only hit the valve of the tank this time, but actually broke through, going back up into the tube.

The sensation was not unlike when its master put their fingers inside Unit 87-441’s body, for maintenance; but unlike then, this was much more shameful. Helmet flashing a constant critical failure now, Unit 87-441 in desperation slammed all sensors down to zero, a dangerous gamble that it had previously only tried when wounded. The complete blankness that followed was such a relief that it tried to moan for several seconds before remembered it could not, and typed out another message.

<Doctor, good afternoon, I have an issue that might be of interest to you?>

The pump hydraulics hissed, and Unit 87-441 looked at them. The A-O-M this time was complete, and did not let up.

A blue line had begun to stream into the fluid near the source, tinging the solvent a bright neon color by the time it was a metre down the tubes. Unit 87-441 recognized it as Electro-Neuro-wash, a perfectly normal part of this procedure-- and one it had, it realized, forgotten to consider. The moment it reached its system, it would strip away all of the blockers attached to Unit 87-441’s bionic nerves, and every feeling it had been suppressing would be felt, until the E-N-wash was out, in full force.

It could not even move to type a plea for help.

They say that what’s new is built for beauty, while what’s old is built to last. While there are arguments about whether or not this is true, the adage holds up for our Unit 87-441. Instead of rupturing-- as your Units 2000-552 or 2222-990 might-- or popping off the internal hose-- as in your Units 600-5551 or 611-5550-- Unit 87-441’s system did a very practical thing with the sudden influx of sensory and volumetric information: it surrendered.

The tap for the waste tank popped open merrily, spraying litres and litres of cleaning fluid from Unit 87-441’s tank just as it was meant to, though tragically without a basin or drain to catch it in. Inside, a secondary emergency nozzle (and if you’re buying, you should know not all of them have one of those, nowadays) discreetly opened as well, emptying into a bag inside Unit 87-441’s right leg-- which also quickly filled up, and so was drained similarly through the bottom of its heel.

A most efficient system, one which is to be greatly admired, and useful on long trips between spaceports, but-- it must be said-- not an instantaneous one. With the E-N-wash still coursing through it, Unit 87-441’s helmet flashed through colors spectroscopic and ultraviolet, locked in mechanical rictus as its emptying tank gushed forth again, and again, and again, until at last the blue was out of its system and the pumps squeaked to a stop. Then-- trembling as its joints unlocked one by one with heavy thuds-- it stumbled to its feet, felt around to detach the filter-plug, and-- noticing the doctor hadn’t returned yet-- looked around for a mop.

###

“How did my Pinks do? Don’t put that name in as permanent, by the way. I’m thinking of changing it.”

“Very good-- and very well. It lasted longer than I expected, and remained polite even at the end. Will that be card or credit?”

“Card, Doctor. Thank you. When can I expect it back?”

“We can walk you back right now if you’d like, though a secondary treatment immediately after the first often provides more lasting results….”

