The Potions Master and his Little Overachiever

Author: MissCliveden

*000*2018-06-22 21:55

Hi all!!! I'm a newbie on here...this is my first story. The storyline is based around the Harry Potter series, more specifically, the pairing is Hermione Granger and Severus Snape. (There is no copyright intended - I don't own any of these characters or the HP series). I hope you enjoy!

Chapter 1 - An Accident Severus Snape was an unusual man, he wasn't evil like everyone claimed, he was just strict. He had his part to play in the upcoming war, just like everybody else, and he accepted that he probably wouldn't survive the war anyway.

Severus resisted the urge to sigh as he looked out towards his fifth year potions class, from behind his desk. He decided that if he only had another year or so to live, he might try to have some fun.

"Professor Snape, can I burrow you for a moment sir?" Severus looked towards the voice and met the eyes of Hermione Granger.

Severus tried not to frown. The girl looked...concerned. There was a slight frown on her face and Severus wondered just what had the Granger girl worried. Severus hated to admit it but, the girl was smart. She wasn't the type to get things wrong.

Severus stood and made his way over to the girls work station and inspected her potion.

"I don't see a problem here Granger" Severus stated.

He looked up from the potion and back at the girls face and noticed, for the first time, that her face was slightly flushed and there was a hint of sweat on her brow.

"Is everything alright Miss Granger?" Severus asked, his eyebrow raised in question.

Hermione nervously looked around at the rest of the class and was relieved to see that they were more focused in murmuring nonsense to each other while they brewed their potions instead of focusing on her and the potions Professor.

"Please sir, I need to use the bathroom...quite badly. May I be excused for a few moments?" She asked and then proceeded to chew lightly on her bottom lip.

Severus then took in the girls posture. She was squirming slightly, not enough to draw attention from her moronic classmates but enough that he was able to notice.

Severus tried not to smirk, he wanted to have some fun after all.

"You know the rules of my classroom Granger, the answer is no. You will just have to wait until after class" he replied.

The girl looked about ready to burst into tears when he forbade her from the relief that she so desperately needed.

"Sir...please, I will not be able to wait another hour. I'm so desperate" she pleaded with him, eyes wide, her breathing had sped up and it appeared that she was squirming even more than before.

"You are not a child girl, you will just have to wait" Severus said with finality, as he turned and made his way back to his desk.

He heard her whimper slightly behind him and he felt his cock twitch slightly. He sat down and tried to subtly watch her from the corner of his eye. Severus Snape was not necessarily a major bastard but, like any normal human being, he indulged in his own sexual kinks. Piss desperation was one of them, he enjoyed watching someone lose control over their own body as they tried so hard to retain that precious control.

Hermione was sat towards the back of the classroom, having arrived almost late. She'd had no option but to take one of the only empty desks available, at the back of the class.

She had been caught up talking to Professor Flitwick after charms class, discussing a recent article she had read about a particular charm that she was interested in understanding more about.

Professor Flitwick had kindly given up his morning break to guide her in her studies. Before Hermione knew it, the bell rang, signalling the end of the break and the beginning of classes once more.

"You'd better get to your next class Miss Granger" Flitwick had said. Hermione agreed, she knew she had double potions class with Professor Snape and he would be unforgiving if she was late.

She started running down Hogwarts' endless flights of stairs to make it to the dungeons in time for the beginning of class. As she ran through the halls, she realised that her bladder was sending very minor signals to her brain that it was starting to fill. Hermione knew that she did not have the time to make the usual side trip to the loo that she would take during the morning break, and decided that she would be fine, the signals weren't so bad and she wasn't a child. She could wait for the next two hours, through the double potions class, and to lunch time break.

Hermione, had survived the first hour of potions class with a rapidly filling bladder, she had seriously underestimated her body this time and she doubted she would be able to hold on much longer.

After having no choice but to ask the strict Professor Snape for a bathroom break, and having been denied it, Hermione felt her urgency rise ten notches.

She had started sweating slightly from the strain of holding back her urine. She wasn't the type of person who left using the bathroom to the last minute, she always went when her body first announced its need. She had never had to hold it before and that meant her bladder muscles hadn't had much practice in holding and it was making everything a lot more difficult.

Hermione decided that she needed to sit down, if only to give herself the opportunity to cross her legs tightly.

She sat and crossed her legs and instantly felt a little better. This position was far more comfortable for her in this condition, and she could still brew her potion effectively from this position.

Hermione delved back into brewing her potion and lost focus on her need for a while. However, fifteen minutes later, her body announced its need again.

The signals her body gave her came sharp and sudden and she had to quickly move her hand down underneath her skirt, in order to hold back the flood. The situation was serious now.

Severus had been watching her and he nearly stopped breathing when the girl moved her hand down to hold herself. His cock was very interested in the sight and he resisted the urge to touch himself underneath his desk. He knew that the girl had said she was desperate, but it wasn't that bad...was it? Was she that close to wetting herself that she felt the need to hold herself like a child? Perhaps he should check, he didn't want her hurting herself after all.

Hermione was trying to breathe evenly, but even breathing now hurt her overstretched bladder. She began fanning her legs and swore that she could feel the liquids sloshing around inside her.

She was trying to remain calm and quiet, the last thing she needed at this moment was to draw attention to herself.

But Hermione knew, she knew she was fighting a losing battle. She could feel the first drop of pee forming, tickling, at her urethral opening and only her hand on herself was holding back the flood. She tried massaging the peehole in an effort to try anything that might be able to help her situation.

She stood up, wondering if changing her position might help her.

"Problem Miss Granger?" The voice of her Professor drawled from behind her.

She gasped in shock at his sudden appearance. The loss of concentration caused her bladder to release a jet of urine into her thin panties.

Hermione doubled over and placed her hand tighter over herself before looking back at her Professor in embarrassment.

"Please Professor..." she begged.

Severus said nothing as he watched her lose another powerful jet that soaked completely through her panties and onto the flagstone below. She stared at the droplets in utter humiliation as she tried to wipe them away with her foot.

She groaned slightly, her bladder felt like a balloon, and she knew it was about to pop.

However, what the professor did next surprised her. He cast a silencing and notice me not charm around the two of them before moving so that the back of her body was flush against the front of his.

He then slowly moved his hands so that they pressed gently on her stomach. He could feel the bulge of her stomach that was clearly her maxed out bladder.

He then applied a slight bit of pressure.

"Ahhh don't" Hermione let out a small noise as a very powerful jet was forced out of her.

Severus heard the powerful hiss, before Hermione was able to stop it. Severus' heart was hammering in anticipation, he knew she was fighting a losing battle with her bladder and he couldn't remember the last time he had been this turned on.

However, Severus had to say that he was impressed, normally young people were not able to control themselves when they were desperate, and he knew that his student's body had already felt that tiny glimpse of relief. Now her body craved it, no matter how hard she would try to fight against her natural need.

With some training, Severus knew that this girl would be able to hold for ages one day.

"I can't hold it" he heard Hermione whimper as a small but steady stream slowly left her body. She was starting to form a puddle beneath her.

Severus was so hard, he knew that she would be able to feel it against her lower back.

"Then let go" Severus replied steadily.

"Everything you have locked up, let it all go" he said.

Hermione's body was at the end of its control, she didn't have a choice anymore.

"I really can't hold it" Hermione said as she felt the tears welling up in her eyes. She was about to piss herself and there was absolutely nothing that she could do about it.

"Oh, oh no...I'm wetting myself!" She exclaimed miserably, as she felt her fingers, that were placed firmly against her peehole, start to get wet.

She could feel the urine flowing out of her exhausted muscles. The pressure of the first stream forced her to move her hands away from herself. She was still bent over at an odd angle as she felt the material of her panties soak within a second and the liquid trickled down her right thigh for a moment. She tried to position her skirt so that the fabric might catch the liquid as it left her body. However, before she could hold her skirt against her womanhood, a powerful stream forced her legs to snap apart, as the torrent gushed from her.

She instead, pulled her school skirt out of the way and bunched it up to her hips, her panties on full display to Severus, so that it wouldn't get her skirt any wetter. She knew the flood was inevitable now, at least if her skirt was dry no one would notice if she'd had an accident or not. She also thanked Merlin that the desks in the potions class were tall enough that they were waist height on Hermione.

As the piss began to pour out of her poor muscles, she relaxed completely as several hours of stored liquid poured out of her like a waterfall that she couldn't stop.

She moaned in sheer relief, thankful of the silencing spell that was still in place. She thought that she felt her legs shaking at from the relief that her exhausted body was finally getting. She was enjoying the relief too much to even think about the fact that her potions Professor was holding onto her as she pissed herself like a four year old.

Severus had seen her start to sway on unsteady legs after she'd bunched her skirt up and started to relieve herself on the classroom floor. Severus thought he was going to cum in his trousers at the sight of her like that, right there, right then, like a sex-crazed schoolboy.

She pissed for nearly a whole minute and was surprised that she was able to hold so much and that it was possible to pee for this long.

Finally, the stream slowed to a trickle and then stopped altogether.

She relaxed and willed her breathing to calm down.

After a few moments, she was calm once more and only then did she remember her professor who was still standing behind her and was also stood in the massive puddle of piss she had just created. She looked at his dragon hide boots and noticed that the tops of them were practically drenched. She then noticed that there were some splatters on the bottom of the legs of his trousers.

That had happened when she had snapped her legs open and Severus had stood with his legs together, between her spread legs, in order to stop her from falling in her own puddle of piss.

Hermione looked down and marvelled at the size of the large puddle before looking back up at her Professor, cheeks red with embarrassment.

To her surprise, the professors cheeks were also tinged red and the tent in his trousers was quite impressive. Had he enjoyed this? Hermione knew that she had certainly enjoyed it more than she probably should have. This was disgusting...wasn't it? So why did she feel so exhilarated from the experience?

Hermione watched Severus for a moment before he seemed to remember where he was and what he was doing. He cleared his throat and looked at her.

"Detention, tomorrow Granger" he said in a husky voice as he spelled away her mess.

"But sir it's a hogsmeade Saturday tomorrow" Hermione stated, she had wanted to go to the village tomorrow ideally.

"Detention, tomorrow morning, after breakfast Granger. You will drink three goblets of pumpkin juice before you come. We're going to be doing some experimenting" Severus stated as he walked back towards his desk, with a slight limp because of the weight of his now solid cock. Thank Merlin for large robes, at least he could hide his big problem.

Hermione breathed a sigh of relief as he moved further away. There was still half an hour left of class until lunch, she couldn't wait to be out of his presence, he had confused her today. Her tired bladder muscles were also telling her that it was starting to fill up again, and she knew she wouldn't be able to hold it at all once she had to fully go again. But she knew she would last half an hour, and the toilets were available to her in the corridor as she left this classroom.

She couldn't focus much on the remainder of the lesson, she would get an average grade fir her potion today, it hadn't been completely ruined.

Then she started to worry. What did he have in store for her tomorrow?

Well...only tomorrow would tell.

TBC.

*004*2018-08-06 15:34

Chapter 2: A Proposal

Hermione bit lip as her hand hesitated. She was stood outside the potions professor's office, about to begin her detention.

She still couldn't get her head around what had happened the previous day, she was still unsure if she had made the whole thing up or not.

Nevertheless, she found herself at breakfast that morning, gulping down three goblets of pumpkin juice without hesitation. Why was she following his orders? She couldn't think of a reason why, well except one she wasn't going to willingly admit to herself.

'You liked it' a voice inside her head said.

She quickly chased the thought away and tried not to think about how she had gone back up to her dormitory during yesterday's lunch break to change her knickers and instead, found herself frigging herself off in the shower as she pissed out another long and heavy stream, less than 45 minutes since her massive wet on the classroom floor.

She refused to admit that she liked the feeling of being unable to control her body and she refused to acknowledge how thrilled she felt that Severus Snape had encouraged her to do it.

So, here she was, the following morning, nervous about her detention with the potions Professor.

Before she could knock, the door to the professor's office had swung open. She nearly cursed herself, of course, he would have known she was there, she would have set off his wards the second she stood in front of his door.

"Good morning Miss Granger, please sit" Severus said to the girl as she entered his office.

She sat down on the offered chair and noticed that he had spelled the door shut and silenced and warded it against intruders.

She looked at him expectantly, wondering what he was going to be asking her to do for her detention.

"You are going to mark these first year quizzes to start off with Granger, and then you shall move on to other tasks" he informed her as she noticed the pile of papers in front of her.

She nodded and immediately set to the task she had been given. She could sense his presence, watching her curiously as she did the work.

What was he planning?

An hour later and Hermione was done. She looked up at her potions Professor, who was sat in his office chair, that was directly opposite on the other side of his desk.

"I'm done with those sir" Hermione said quietly.

He watched her for a moment, which was making her slightly nervous. She felt uneasy and unsure about what he was going to have her do next.

"Do you need a break Miss Granger?" Severus asked her.

Hermione frowned. What?

"No sir..." she said.

She still didn't understand where he was going with this.

"Because if you need a break, I suggest you excuse yourself now. I have nice carpet in here...and your piss will not be welcome on it" Severus stated dryly to her.

Hermione blushed bright red, when he hadn't mentioned anything about her accident yesterday, she decided not to encourage the topic.

"Sir...I - " she started to say.

However, she was cut off by Severus holding up his hand to silence her.

"I don't care for your excuses Miss Granger. The fact is, you stood in my classroom, spread your legs and pissed all over my flagstone. Like a child" Severus stated.

Hermione stared at him for a moment, so that she could gather her thoughts before giving a response.

"But you liked it..." she finally said, hesitantly.

Severus looked at her.

"So did you, judging by the look on your face as you relieved yourself" he replied.

Hermione bit her lip...she couldn't really deny it.

"So, Miss Granger, I should remove house points for your discretion. Shouldn't I?" He said rhetorically.

Hermione looked down at the desk and nodded slowly.

"What is my punishment sir?" She asked, feeling brave.

"500 points from Gryffindor and detention every Saturday until you graduate" he said.

Hermione's head shot up.

"Sir! No...please, I will do anything. You cannot punish me that severely for something that wasn't my fault" she exclaimed horrified at the punishment.

"It was definitely your fault Miss Granger, you couldn't control yourself...that's not anyone else's problem but yours. The punishment stands. Unless..." he said.

Hermione looked up at him hopefully. She knew that she would have to answer to her head of house if she suddenly lost that many points. So, she meant it when she said she would do whatever to avoid the punishment.

"Yes sir?" She begged him to hurry up and name his price, the suspense was killing her.

Severus smirked at her.

"Be careful what you wish for Miss Granger" he said dangerously.

Hermione gulped.

"I want to control your bladder" he said.

Hermione's eyes nearly bulged out of her head.

"Excuse me sir?" She said, he surely hadn't said what she thought he had. Had he?

"I will be in control of your bladder Miss Granger. You will only be allowed to piss with my permission and that will be all. You will have to submit yourself to me fully. You can ask my permission but accept that you might be denied. You will have no choice but to follow my instructions or risk punishment" Severus said.

Hermione's throat was suddenly dry. She wanted to say no, she wanted to say that she would have rather take the point loss but, something about his offer was alluring.

Hermione had grown up over the summer. She had enjoyed the awkward fumbling with Victor Krum but now, she wanted something more, something different.

She nodded her consent.

"That is a yes Miss Granger?" Severus asked.

"You must be sure because I will tell you when you can piss, where you can piss, how you can piss and in what circumstances you are not allowed to piss. I am in complete control. I think, with a bit of training, you will be able to hold more than you think. You will be able to hold gallons of piss for extensive periods of time eventually but you will need training. Is your answer still a yes?" He asked her.

"Yes sir" she replied.

"Good" he replied.

"Do you have any questions for me?" He asked her.

"Yes sir, will you ever want to take part in the whole holding it for a long time thing?" She asked him.

Severus grinned at her.

"I might consider role reversal Miss Granger, when I'm in the mood" he answered her.

"Do you like holding sir?" She asked him.

"I hold as long as I can Miss Granger, and go only when I have to. Once a day is the maximum" he stated.

Hermione's eyes widened. He only pissed once a day!

"How do you do that?" She asked.

"It took a lot of practice and test of control. Long Order and Death Eater meetings also forced me to hold it at times" he said.

"Perhaps I will tell you one day" he added in as an afterthought.

"When do we start sir?" She asked him.

The two sat in silence for a moment.

"How are you feeling after yesterday Granger? Is there any pain?" He asked her, ignoring her question.

She hesitated.

"Not pain per se, it's just, last night I was a bit uncomfortable. Like when you go for a long run and the next day you can feel the ache in your muscles" she replied.

"And how do you feel this morning? Did you follow my instructions about the pumpkin juice?" He asked her.

Hermione blushed.

"I followed your instructions" she said.

"Do you need to ask my permission to piss?" He asked her, looking her dead in the eye.

She swallowed thickly.

"It can wait" she replied.

"Ah, so you have a need?" He stated rhetorically.

She nodded.

"You can wait for a bit?" He said again.

Again, she nodded.

"Good, then you can get to work by scraping the chewing gum off from the underside of the desks in my potions classroom" he said.

She nodded and headed into the classroom that was attached to the office and began her work.

About an hour later, Hermione had finished her job and she stood up from the classroom floor.

Her need to piss had been steadily growing over the last hour and she considered herself to be quite desperate by now.

She saw Severus looking at her knowingly, Hermione could have sworn that he was trying to hide a smirk.

"Problem Granger?" He asked innocently.

"I'm done with the chewing gum task sir" she stated.

"Anything else to add Granger?" He asked her.

"May I have a break sir?" He asked her.

"Yes you may" he replied.

Hermione blinked in surprise, he was letting her have a break. Did this mean he was letting her piss?

"Winky" Severus called.

Winky the house elf appeared.

"Yes professor?" Winky asked.

"Please bring some snacks and a couple of drinks for Miss Granger and myself" he replied.

Winky nodded and did as asked. Within two minutes, a tray appeared with Severus' requests. Severus pointed to a chair that was near his desk.

"Sit Miss Granger, you will sit here and have a ten minute break, then I want you to hand wash all those cauldrons" he told her as he pointed to the stack of dirty equipment by the sink.

Hermione grimaced in response but followed instructions and sat down.

"Anything else Granger?" He asked.

Severus wasn't stupid, he knew she would be feeling those three pumpkin juices quite badly by now.

"Please sir, may I use the break to go to the bathroom?" She asked.

"You told me that you didn't need to be excused Miss Granger" Severus replied.

"That was an hour ago sir, the matter is quite different now" she said.

"Well if you could hold it then, you can hold it now" he said.

Hermione bit her lip nervously, she really needed to go.

She ate the food offered to her but didn't touch the pumpkin juice. After ten minutes, she moved to start washing the cauldrons.

"Something wrong with your drink Miss Granger. It would be rude not to accept the hospitality you have been offered" he said.

Hermione was about to argue but Severus spoke first.

"Drink it, all of it. That is an order Granger, I suggest you do it quickly" he said.

Hermione knew the rules, she knew what he was doing.

She picked up the goblet and quickly drained the glass.

"Good girl" Severus said.

"Now, cauldrons" he ordered.

She headed to the sink, with a heavy bladder that was about to get heavier.

Thirty minutes later and Hermione was stood at the sink that was currently gushing water, one leg crossed over the other.

That pumpkin juice had gone straight to her already full bladder. She was ready to burst.

"How are you doing Miss Granger?" He asked her.

"I have to piss" she said desperately.

She looked up at him and he stared back at her with disapproval covering his features.

"How disappointing Miss Granger, don't tell me you are near bursting point already?" He asked her.

She nodded and then whimpered. Her bladder had just sent a large signal to her brain that it needed to be emptied and it forced her to bend slightly at the waist.

"Tut, tut Miss Granger, I think you can hold it for longer. Finish the task and then we shall see" he said and he turned and walked back to his desk where he was marking papers.

Hermione sighed and tried to ignore her need. That lasted two seconds until she turned the tap on to rinse out a now clean cauldron. She only had ten left to go...she could do this.

Five cauldrons later and she realised she couldn't do this. Her breathing had sped up, she was openly squirming now and she couldn't stand still.

"My, my, we are in a pickle aren't we Granger?" Severus chuckled as he made his way back over to her.

"Please sir...I'm at my limit" Hermione said, signals now urgent.

The situation was officially critical.

"What if I said no?" He asked.

"I will piss myself all over your floor again" she answered honestly.

"You will do no such thing. None of your piss will get on my floor, or there will be trouble" he said.

"I don't think my body is giving me that choice anymore" she groaned , she could feel the pee traveling to her peehole.

She moved her hands to help her hold. However, as it was a Saturday, she was wearing her favourite pair of jeans, and she couldn't quite get the grip on herself that she had yesterday under her skirt.

"Oh dear, it looks serious" Severus said.

"It is sir...please" Hermione said.

"Ask me nicely" Severus said.

"Please sir, may I relieve myself?" She asked him desperately.

Her face was red now and she was sweating from straining her muscles tightly.

"No" Severus said.

Hermione moaned.

"Sir...it's going to come out. I can't hold it back any longer" she said as she lost a spurt.

It immediately showed on her jeans.

Hermione gasped and looked down at the damage, Severus followed her gaze.

"Did you just leak, Miss Granger" he questioned her.

She whimpered and nodded.

"Well, if you're that desperate, I will allow you relief" Severus said.

Hermione almost cried in joy at the permission and moved to make her way towards the classroom door.

"Where do you think you're going?" He asked her.

Hermione gaped at him.

"You gave me permission to use the toilet" she frowned at him.

She gasped as her bladder forced out another leak, one that darkened her jeans much more.

"I said you could relieve yourself, I didn't say how or where" he said to her.

Hermione bit her lip.

"How sir...please how am I to relieve myself?" She begged him.

He reached purposefully for one of the smaller sized cauldrons she had just washed up.

"This will have to do" he said as he handed it to her.

She looked at him in shock.

"I can't do it in this, it's not big enough!" Hermione exclaimed worriedly.

She had now worked her hand into her jeans so she could hold back her flood through her panties.

"It's your only option Granger I suggest you take it" he said.

Hermione nodded, she was already slowly wetting herself, she needed this cauldron. It was her only salvation.

"Er...could you look away if I am to do this?" She asked.

Severus shook his head.

"No, I will watch, you consented to this Granger" he said.

Hermione nodded nervously, dignity be damned, she had to release her bladder...now.

She quickly unbuttoned her jeans and pushed them down her hips and to her thighs, her knickers followed.

She blushed and refused to make eye contact with her professor, who she knew was watching her.

She placed the cauldron between her legs, just in time as her body released all her pent up piss.

She moaned loudly, the release was amazing.

After only ten seconds, she could see the cauldron was nearly full to the top. Her bladder was still bursting desperate to release its entire contents.

"It's nearly full" she said, panicking.

"Then you best stop" Severus replied nonchalantly whilst still casually watching.

Hermione squeezed all her muscles tightly, trying to stem the flow. She was still trickling slightly as the cauldron overflowed a little.

"Tut, tut Miss Granger. Stop now or face punishment" he ordered.

She held her breath and forced her muscles to stop pissing. She held the full cauldron with shaky hands.

"I still need to go" she pleaded.

She placed the full cauldron in the sink and moved one hand immediately back to her snatch. She was openly holding her pussy, in front of her professor.

"Is this what you call control?" He asked her.

She shook her head.

She had tasted relief and her muscles weren't obeying her anymore. She leaked a decent stream of piss straight into her hands, and shook with the sheer exhaustion of holding back her tired muscles.

Severus sighed.

"You'd best pick out a slightly bigger cauldron then hadn't you?" He said to her.

Without hesitation, Hermione leapt into action, she picked up one of the larger sized cauldrons that she had already washed up. However, to lift the cauldron she needed both hands.

As she grabbed the cauldron with both hands, piss flowed freely from her and she couldn't stop it.

She quickly placed the cauldron on the ground and pushed her jeans and knickers right down to her ankles so that she could get the right angle. The cauldron was just about big enough that she could straddle the opening whilst she knelt on the floor for balance.

She straddled the opening of the cauldron and pissed. She pissed and pissed and pissed, everything she had inside her.

She moaned in relief and made eye contact with Severus, who watched her piss in fascination.

He was hard at the display, she was pissing heavily and he marvelled at the sight. She was in the ultimate submissive position, legs apart, whilst pissing in a cauldron that sat on the floor between her knees.

He was surprised when he heard her gasp slightly and when he heard a slight splattering, he realised why.

She had filled that entire cauldron as well! Severus couldn't hide his surprise as a final ten second stream spilled over the cauldron and onto the floor.

Hermione finished and then looked at the scene in horror, she didn't realise she had THAT much inside of her.

Then she looked back at Severus, thankfully he wasn't mad at the slight spillage.

"Well Miss Granger, you'd better get started, you have cauldrons to empty and clean out" he told her as he walked into his office and closed the door behind him.

He sat down at his desk and undid the buttons on his trousers, he had a rather large problem of his own to sort out.

*010*2018-09-13 08:40

Chapter 3: Rules and Origins Of It All

After her detention, Severus asked Hermione to sit back down at his desk in his office so that he could discuss their new situation in more detail. He really wanted her to be fully aware about what she was agreeing to, he was not going to force her do anything she didn't want to do.

"I feel we should discuss this new arrangement in more detail. I will not participate in anything you do not agree to" he told her seriously.

Hermione nodded and chewed slightly on her lip in anticipation of what he was going to say.

"Now, please answer honestly. You are sixteen correct" Severus stated.

"I might be seventeen, I used a time turner a bit too much in my third year" she said honestly.

Severus blinked in surprise, he hadn't known that.

"Nonetheless, you are sixteen regardless of technicalities or semantics" he said again.

She nodded.

"You are at the age of consent according to English muggle law then" Severus said.

Again she nodded.

"Have you honestly enjoyed the last couple of sessions we have had doing this?" He asked her.

She hesitated for a moment.

"Yes...as odd as it still seems to me, yes I enjoy it" she replied, cheeks flushing slightly.

Severus nodded.

"Does anyone else know?" He asked her.

Hermione shook her head in the negative.

"Good" Severus replied.

"So, this is how we will begin for now. Because you are still getting used to this, I don't expect you to submit total control to me right away and I'm not going to force you to do so. Instead, what I propose, is a few taster sessions if you like, a trial period so to speak. I will give you instructions every day as we go and you will eventually learn to do what I say without question or hesitation. If, during this trial period, I ask you to something that you don't feel comfortable doing, then please say so and we shall stop and try something else. Is that clear?" He asked her.

She smiled slightly and nodded. She had been a little apprehensive about the whole relinquishing all control thing but a trial period would make her feel better about the whole thing.

Severus noticed the shift in her features to a more relaxed expression and felt less tense about the situation. He knew that she would speak up if a line was crossed.

"Good, now do you have questions for me?" He asked her.

"What about just before bed in the evening and first thing in the morning?" She asked.

"What about it?" Severus asked her.

"Well, I always pee one last time before going to sleep and I go first thing when I wake up in the morning. You said I need to ask your permission though, so what do we do about that?" She asked.

He smirked at her.

"For now, you can continue that routine for the duration of the trial period unless I instruct you otherwise. Eventually, that control will be surrendered to me to the point where you might not be allowed to go at either of those times" Severus answered her.

She bit her lip, that would take some getting used to. At least he was letting her keep her typical routine whilst she was trialling the whole experience.

Hermione went to ask another question but blushed slightly and looked down.

"If you have a question please ask it Miss Granger" Severus said noticing her change in composure.

"What about when I menstruate?" She asked.

Severus blinked again in surprise at the bluntness of the question.

"Again, that depends on you. I personally don't care, piss is piss and blood is blood. Nothing that can't be cleaned up. However, I understand that you might feel differently and that is a bridge we can cross when we get to it...if you like" Severus replied.

Hermione nodded. She was secretly glad, half the time she didn't know what was an uncomfortably filling bladder and what was a stomach cramp.

"What if I don't have to pee..." she trailed off hoping that Severus would understand.

"I have no interest in that for the moment, you can do that as much as you need to whenever you need to, you just won't have permission to piss" he replied.

She couldn't help the sigh of relief that escaped her, Severus chuckled at her.

"Anything else?" He asked her.

"You mentioned punishments earlier...what would they be should I earn one?" She asked.

"Punishments could be anything really. More holding, taking away something you don't like, spanking. Again, this is something we can discuss and choose together...we can make a list if you like so that we we're both comfortable" Severus suggested.

"Ok" Hermione agreed.

"Now is there anything else?" He asked.

She wasn't sure...was there anything else she wanted to know?

"If you can't think of anything now, you can always ask at any point during the trial period...you might have more questions when actually doing the activities" he said to her.

She nodded again.

"But that's all for now, yes?" He asked.

"I think so" she agreed.

"Good...now here is what you are going to do tomorrow" he said.

She looked at him expectantly.

"You can pee in the morning when you get up. You have a window between seven thirty and eight tomorrow morning to pee. If you miss that window, that's your fault. At eight, I want you here in my office, we are going to spend the day together again. You will not pee until I tell you and you will drink everything I give you. You will also do as I say. Is that clear? Do you have any concerns?" He asked her.

"No sir" she said.

"Right then, your official trial period will start tomorrow so I suggest you be ready. You are allowed to piss as much as you need to for the rest of the evening but make sure you remember my instructions for tomorrow morning. Of course, you can experiment on your own if you wish...testing your limits and such" he told her.

Ok sir, I will see you here at eight tomorrow morning then" Hermione said as she collected her belongings ready to depart from his office.

"Oh, one more thing Miss Granger" he called to her.

She turned back to look at him.

"I need to utilise your wand for a moment" he said to her.

She looked at him hesitantly before slowly reaching for it in her jacket pocket.

"Do not worry Miss Granger, I'm going to key your wand so that you are able to access my office even if I'm not here, I trust you to let yourself inside and sit patiently until I return" he said to her as he took her wand and cast a series of charms that would allow her access to his office and his classroom.

"All set Granger, see you in the morning" he said as he gave her back her wand.

She took it, bid him one last goodnight and left his office, lightly closing the door as she went.

Severus let out a breath, he made his way out the other door that attached to his office and led to his private rooms.

He was thinking over the developments that had taken place over the last couple of days and could hardly believe any of it had happened. He sat down on his favourite chair and began to think about what had got him interested in his kink to begin with.

He closed his eyes as he remembered.

.

.

.

.

A fourth year Severus was sat in charms class, they were having a boring theory class today and everyone was slowly falling asleep.

The young Ravenclaw girl, who was sat next to Severus, was sat upright paying rapt attention to the lesson.

Severus thought about how dull his classmate must be, regardless of the fact that she looked like every straight, hormonal teenage males wet dream.

Severus ignored her for the most part and went back to daydreaming about which potion he would have used on the charms Professor to make him stop talking.

Severus' train of thought had been broken by a sudden stifled gasp to his left. He quickly looked towards the vicinity in which the sound had come from and, to his surprise, he saw her face flushed and her back straight. She was looking down towards her lap and Severus followed her gaze.

He saw the girl's hand wedged between her thighs and, although her skirt covered the movements, he could see that her fingers were moving beneath her skirt.

Severus' heart hammered, his young cock snapped to attention.

'Was she playing with herself in class?' Severus thought to himself whilst also fighting the urge to touch his insistent prick at the sight of it all.

Then, she shifted her hand slightly and her other hand moved to provide some imaginary support to her stomach.

'Is she feeling alright?' Severus wondered for a moment.

However, the next thing that happened left Severus in absolutely no doubt about what was occurring.

The girl widened her legs so that each leg was split over both sides of her stool, as if she was doing the splits whilst sat on her stool. Then, both hands moved down to her womanhood and she wriggled her hips in discomfort.

That's when everything had clicked into place for Severus. He had seen the girl right at the beginning of the lesson approach the charms Professor and ask him something. Severus hadn't taken much notice but the girl had come and taken her assigned seat beside him with a disappointed look on her face.

Now it made sense, she had asked to use the bathroom and had been denied. She was desperate to piss and couldn't do anything about it.

Severus assumed he would lose interest now that he knew the real reason she was making an exhibition of herself however, tiny whimpers accompanied her movements and Severus' cock started throbbing. Why the hell was he enjoying this?

"Oh, Merlin...please...no!" He heard the quiet sob next to him.

He stared at her and noticed a jet of liquid hit the classroom floor below them. He couldn't look away, his pulse was rising even higher and he was starting sweat as if he had just run a marathon.

"No!" She finally exclaimed pitifully as she lost all control over her body.

Severus had never forgotten the loud splashing sound of the girl's piss as it noisily gushed from her body, flowed over her stool and hit the classroom floor below.

The entire class and the charms professor were instantly drawn to the sudden noise that emerged from the back of the silent classroom.

They all watched as the girl sobbed silently while she pissed everything that she'd had inside her. The professor looked forlornly at the student, feeling guilty that he had put her in this situation in the first place. Eventually the girl finished wetting herself and immediately ran crying from the classroom, leaving her puddle and belongings behind along with a stunned class.

The professor had thought nothing more of it, spelled the puddle away and tried to divert the class' attention back to the lesson.

Severus, who had been enthralled by the entire event, was shaken out of his thoughts and stopped gawping at the scene. He tried to focus back on what the professor was saying, there wasn't long left of the class anyway.

As his attention went back to his professor, the young Severus was suddenly feeling a little uncomfortable.

It was only a few seconds later that he realised why, he had embarrassingly blown his load into his school trousers.

.

.

.

.

The potions master shook his head and brought himself back into the present. He remembered that the young girl had been picked on mercilessly by her peers after the incident, to the extent that she transferred from Hogwarts and, as far as he was aware, her family had relocated to America.

That was partly why Severus had cast he silencing and privacy charms on Hermione the previous day when the same thing had happened to her. The Granger girl was a pain in the arse but she was a good student and Severus didn't want her to be teased in the same way his former classmate had been.

The only difference was that Hermione Granger had enjoyed it, just as much as he had.

Oh yes, the two of them were going to have some fun over the next few months.
