The Potions Master and his Little Overachiever

By MissCliveden

*024*2020-02-23 11:53

Chapter Eight: Potions Class

“I’m exhausted” Hermione murmured sleepily against Severus’ chest.

Both were lying in a pool of cooling piss and the temperature in the dungeons had dropped significantly since their heated experience.

Severus made a sound of agreement and spelled away their mess with just a wave of his hand.

“Intense sensations can often do that to you” Severus replied, feeling equally tired.

He forced himself to stand up, and offered his young student a hand, and pulled her to her feet.

“That was -“ Hermione began, not quite sure how to describe just how amazing and euphoric the experience had been.

Severus nodded in agreement, he knew exactly what she was trying to convey.

“And how do you feel Miss Granger? Any pain?” He asked, hoping that she was alright.

He knew she would’ve told him if she wasn’t.

Hermione nodded.

“A little achy, and I need to pee again” she admitted.

“Please, the facilities are just through there” Severus gestured towards a closed door across the room.

She looked shocked that she had been given permission to pee.

Severus tolled his eyes.

“I told you, I don’t intend to break you Granger. Your bladder has had quite the workout tonight, and we shall give your bladder a break” Severus informed her.

She nodded in thanks, and moved rouse the bathroom. She felt cared for by her professor, and gave him a small smile. She was glad that her bladder was going to be given some time out from their game.

Truth be told, Severus was feeling the same way. He hadn’t done a hold like that in quite some time. He really needed to practice again now that he was being called to Death Eater meetings more frequently. He was in deep though, when Hermione emerged from the bathroom.

“Let’s get you back to your dormitory” he stated, wondering if he should use the facilities before he set off on his trek to the other side of the castle with his student.

“Sure” she said, as she moved towards the door.

Severus made the decision to escort his student back to her rooms first.

It had been a decision he was nearly made to regret.

.

.

.

The following morning, Severus woke early. After having only four hours of sleep, due to his persistent overworked bladder wanting to release every 45 minutes, he tossed and turned unable to sleep anymore. He got up.

He sleepily made it through his usual morning routine. When he took his usual morning piss, he was instantly reminded of the evening before.

He recalled his monumental release with his student, on the cold dungeon floor. He recalled as he walked her back to her dormitory, and then had to quickly walk back to his own rooms due to his own exhausted bladder suddenly refilling once again. That had been a close call, if any wayward student had been roaming the halls and seen him....

He winced, he didn’t even want to think about the ridicule that would’ve caused. He shook out of his own thoughts, as he shook the last drops off his own cock, and zipped up his trousers.

He noticed that there were still three hours before breakfast would be served in the Great Hall. He looked at his tired reflection in his bathroom mirror, and sighed. He would make some potions for the hospital wing to pass the time.

.

.

.

On the other side of the castle, Hermione woke, jostled out of sleep as her roommates started bustling around, getting ready for the school day ahead.

Hermione groaned as she forced herself out of bed. She stretched, feeling a satisfying kind of tired, as she got ready for the day.

The ache in her lower abdomen had now gone, but she would take her professors advice and take it easy today. She would use the bathroom whenever she felt the need to.

She smiled at her reflection in the mirror, and made her way to breakfast. She knew she had potions just before lunch, and she was slightly thrilled at the idea of seeing her potions professor again.

.

.

.

Severus walked hastily towards the Great Hall, the potions brewing had taken longer than expected, and he was now late for breakfast. Severus knew that if he didn’t make an appearance at any meal, he would get a bollocking from the headmaster.

All that aside, Severus had wanted to go to breakfast. He could really do with the coffee to prepare himself for a day full of dunderheads.

.

.

.

Hermione entered potions class for her double lesson before lunch. She had been slightly concerned about her potions professor when she saw him at breakfast that morning. She had noticed that he looked overtired, the three coffees had attested for that!

However, as the potions professor began his usual teaching, and wrote the ingredients for their potions lesson today, Hermione noticed something was...off.

.

.

.

Severus gulped as his fifth year students had entered the room, he knew he was in trouble.

After taking his morning piss earlier than usual that morning, and having had three coffees at breakfast, Severus’ achy out-of-practice bladder from the night before, had started to protest.

On a normal day, Severus would piss once in the morning and then once in the evening before bed. He might normally feel a slight pressure in his bladder towards the evening, but it was bearable and Severus was always able to wait.

However, after the night before, his bladder had been significantly weakened, and those three coffees from breakfast were starting to pay merry hell on his bladder.

Severus knew he was just going to have to suck it up, the students were brewing a complex potion today, and there would be chance for him to take a piss break.

Taking a deep breath, Severus tried to convince himself that the slight sweat that had formed on his forehead, was because of thirty cauldrons all bubbling away on the high heat.

.

.

.

Hermione watched her professor with great interest, he looked uncomfortable. She worried her lip slightly, was he feeling ok?

.

.

.

Thirty minutes into the two hour class, and Severus was starting to panic.

His piss filled dick was throbbing, Severus could feel it twitching in his underwear, begging to be gripped tightly into submission. Severus’ bladder was signalling that it was already full, he severely needed to piss.

“Ummm, professor...?” A voice, startled him out of his thoughts.

He looked out into the sea of students, and noticed his little overachiever sat patiently with her hand in the air. She had clearly been trying to get his attention for a while.

“What, Miss Granger?” He hissed at her, as he gave a quick sneaky pinch to the tip of his aching cock.

“Can you come and check my potion, I think it’s ready for the next stage? She replied.

“If it’s not Granger, it will cost you a high number of house points” he stated at her.

He slowly stood up, careful not to jostle his bladder, and made his way over to her. He inspected her cauldron, and told her everything was fine.

“Are you ok?” She heard her whisper quietly.

He looked at her, and she took in his posture.

Severus knew the moment she had worked it all out, her eyes went wonderfully wide, and her jaw dropped slightly in shock. For a man who had such composure and control, to give any indication towards his current plight, this meant that he was bordering on losing control.

She looked over at the clock and noticed that there was still 90 minutes left of the lesson. She took in his posture once more, and grimaced at the unfortunate situation her professor was currently in.

“Will you be ok?” She whispered again.

Severus just sent her a scathing look, she took that to mean ‘no’.

Severus had found that standing, and moving around, had actually helped his situation a little. So he wandered around the classroom, inspecting all the potions. Until the sound of liquid bubbling got to him.

He retreated to his desk, and sat down a bit ungracefully, his hand immediately flying to the top of his dick. He could feel a drop forming, dear god! Was he that close to leaking?

Severus panicked.

.

.

.

Hermione noticed, and knew he was gonna wet his robes at any second. She also noticed that he looked slightly pained, this had to be his worst nightmare. He was close to pissing himself in front of a group of students who weren’t known for being the most forgiving. If he let go, and the class noticed, he would never live it down.

Hermione watched his face for a moment, as a peculiar expression appeared on his features. Dear god! Had her potions professor just leaked in class?

.

.

.

Severus was gripping his cock tightly, his bladder had just contracted and forced an enormous leak to jet out from the tip of his penis, and instantly soak his underpants. He swore under his breath, and unfastened his trouser buttons so he could get a more direct grip on himself.

Severus tried to breathe evenly, so not to draw attention to himself. As he breathed in, so another leak escaped from his death grip.

He was struggling to stop the powerful leaks, in a few minutes he knew that the leaks would be a full on stream.

He was lost to his personal battle, until he heard a voice trying to get his attention.

“Professor, I need to collect the ingredients for phase three of the potion” Hermione said.

Severus looked at her, and answered her as he leaked, with his underwear soaked, into his trousers.

“Then collect the ingredients from the cupboard then” he snapped at her.

“But the ingredients are on the top shelf sir, I will need your assistance to reach them” she said.

Severus realised that she was giving him a way out, if he could just make it to the cupboard.

“Alright Miss Granger, go ahead, I shall be one moment” Severus said, he knew he needed to prepare himself to stand.

Hermione went ahead into the large supply cupboard, and waited for her professor. She quickly started looking around for something that the desperate professor could relieve himself in.

She eyed a medium sized cauldron, it would have to do.

Severus had managed to stand, with his trousers still unbuttoned, and was thankful for his robes.

He began to walk towards the store cupboard, as he started to piss a full stream into his trousers. His crotch, and thighs, instantly soaked. The full piss was now making its way down the legs of his trousers.

He managed to make it to the cupboard, and shut himself inside.

As soon as he was in. Hermione cast a privacy, and silencing charm on the room. No students would be able to hear.

Hermione could hear a loud hissing sound.

“Are you pissing yourself?” Hermione asked in shock.

“I’m pissing, I can’t stop! Dear gods I can’t stop it!” He said, as he relaxed against the door due to his legs giving out to the forceful stream.

Hermione vanished the professors robes, and she could see just how wet his unbuttoned trousers were. It didn’t look like he was going to be stopping any time soon either.

Whilst her professor was lost to the battle between his legs, Hermione grabbed the medium cauldron.

She put her other hand down the professors wet trousers, and fished for his leaking cock.

She found it, and pulled the overworked organ from its confines, and angled it down towards the cauldron.

“Fuck!” The professor hissed, as he noticed his overachiever saving his trousers from soaking anymore.

Hermione held the professors cock, and felt the stream move as it forced its way to the tip and out into the cauldron.

Hermione stood in this position, for about a minute and a half, until the stream weakened and his cock just dribbled.

“You really had to go!” Hermione murmured amazed, his cock still in her hand.

“Gods yes!” Severus groaned, as the pressure in his bladder eased significantly.

He took a few moments to catch his breath, and then looked down at his little overachiever.

His tired cock hardened instantly at the sight. There she was, her hand holding his dribbling cock downward towards a cauldron full of his piss.

Hermione noticed the organ in her hand stiffening and changing length. She looked up at her professor and smiled mischievously.

“Now that is a problem that you can control yourself” she smiled, as she cancelled the charms and left the storeroom with the necessary potions ingredients.

“Tease” Severus muttered under his breath, as he tucked his hardened member back into its restricted confines.

He spelled his soaked clothes dry, and vanished the piss. After donning his robes once more, he stepped out of the storeroom and headed for his desk to sit. He could feel the fabric of his underwear rubbing seductively against his hardened member. He had already nearly pissed himself in front of his students, he would have to control his throbbing erection as punishment.

