Yearning Yvette

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-06-08 00:14

Yearning Yvette

The phone rang and Yvette answered immediately. Max was panicking and Yvette could hear Zeta moaning in the background.

‘I’m on my way!’

Yvette drove as quickly as possible to Zeta and Max’s third floor tenement flat, adrenaline pumping at the thought of the night ahead. Second babies often arrived quicker than first ones and from what Max had said Zeta’s contractions were already just four minutes apart. Even after seven years as a community midwife every birth was still something incredible and exciting.

Yvette carried everything she needed up the three flights of stairs, avoiding the lift as it’s shuddering, creaking doors terrified her. She knocked on the door and was welcomed in by an excited little Joshua in his pyjamas and a sweating anxious dad, Max.

‘Come in Yvette. Zeta’s in the living room!’

‘Do you know if her waters have broken Max?’

‘I’m....I’m not sure...she’s just crying and pushing and pacing so much. It’s just so different from the last time. Come in!’

Yvette followed Max as the toddler followed behind pulling at her leg as he did so.

Yvette found Zeta leaning on the windowsill bent forward breathing through another contraction wearing a short strapless top and a knee length floating skirt. Yvette checked Zeta over and as her pain eased she guided her to the couch so she could examine her. Five centimetres dilated but her waters were unbroken and Yvette checked Zeta’s pulse, blood pressure and temperature and asked her more details on when the contractions started and how long they were lasting.

Before Zeta could answer another contraction hit and Yvette gave Max instructions to fetch some clean towels, some glasses of cold water and a wet cloth. Max listened and fetched the items with his young toddler in tow. Zeta paced the room breathing through the pain as Yvette guided her until the contraction eased again.

The toddler cried for mummy and Zeta bend to kiss his head. ‘Max it’s late. I think you should settle Josh to sleep. He’s tired and I need to concentrate. Thanks honey.’

Yvette smiled at Max and nodded. ‘It could be a while yet. I think it’s probably best for mum. I won’t let you miss anything.’

While Max settled his son to sleep in another room Yvette supported his wife as her contractions remained steady every four minutes then extended to five before easing back to six an hour later. More checks showed progress was steady, though slow. Zeta was now six and a half centimetres dilated and when Yvette checked baby’s heartbeat it remained strong.

Max returned three quarters of an hour later looking tired and worried.

‘I didn’t think it would be so long this time?’

‘Don’t worry Max. Sometimes it takes a little longer. Some babies are in a hurry like Joshua and others, like this little one, just want to take their time. Everything is progressing well and Zeta here is doing amazing. I wouldn’t mind a cup of tea though if you don’t mind?’

‘Oh honey could I have some more Jacobs crackers with peanut butter please? It’s ok to eat isn’t it?’

‘Of course! You need to keep your strength up. Keep drinking too. You need to stay hydrated throughout.’

‘I’m trying Yvette. I finished that water already’

‘Good girl’

And at that another contraction hit and Zeta moaned and cried as the pain and pressure intensified and she leaned once more on the windowsill and bend over.

‘Yvette! Yvette! I really need the toilet!‘

Yvette grabbed a towel and ran over to Yvette, hitching her dress up and removing her pants just in time for a sudden whoosh as urine and water burst from beneath the girl’s parted legs at force. Max stared in disbelief at the sight before him as he walked in with a mug of tea and some crackers for his wife.

Zeta cried. Max stood wide eyed.

‘Oh my God Zee! I’ve never seen anyone piss that amount ever!’

‘Max that’s her waters breaking. It means baby is on way now!’

Max stood there staring in awe at the soaked towel and his knickerless wife bend over with her behind on show. Had she not been in labour with their second child he could very easily have fucked her she looked so gorgeous, but right now he wasn’t sure what he was supposed to think or do as his wife panted and moaned in pain.

Yvette did more checks and was delighted to see that things were continuing to progress and all was going well. She’d been there two hours now but that was the nature of the job. The tea was so welcome though and she had it drunk in no time at all. Despite the lateness of the time Yvette remained wide awake and diligent as Zeta continued in labour as the contractions remained stable every few minutes.

Max, however, seemed lost and stressed so Yvette kept him busy by getting him to put the towels from the floor in the wash and getting more glasses of water for his wife and Yvette. She was also grateful when he brought some biscuits too. In her days at hospital Yvette would have been glad of a break by now as her bladder signalled a need to pee. Alone as a sole midwife on a home delivery that wasn’t an option though so Yvette ignored her own need and continued to provide excellent care for the mum to be.

Finally another hour later and Zeta reached the illusive ten centimetres dilated and she sat on the floor with her knees up and feet in the floor, towel beneath her, as she pushed against another contraction. Yvette moved to the floor beside her grateful to be able to move around more as her own bladder definitely wanted emptied now. She couldn’t leave a mum in this position though so her own need would have to wait, even though she yearned for five minuets to use the toilet.

Baby struggled a bit and Yvette monitored the heartbeat closely getting anxious that an emergency trio to hospital might be the next option or having to use aids to assist. But Zeta pushed well and finally Yvette could feel the head emerging. Yvette found it hard to have a hand, covered by a glove, inside another woman’s wet and open vagina feeling right into her womb as her own body fought valiantly in the same area. The irony of how open, relaxed and wet one woman’s pelvic area was compared to how tense and tight the other was wasn’t lost on Yvette who tried not to think of her own bursting bladder while the mum she was caring for was minutes away from giving birth.

‘Right Zeta. You can do this. I can feel the head so with the next contraction I need you to push as much as you can. Ok? You are doing brilliant. It’s almost over now.’

Less than a minute later and Zeta screamed and panted as another long and strong contraction hit as Max watched on in wonder and Yvette wriggled and held her hands between another woman’s legs to steady baby’s head. Sure enough a head of hair came closer and closer to Yvette’s hands as closed eyes covered in slippery blood and two ears pushed through then paused. Yvette checked baby could get air as her palm held the baby’s head steady.

‘You’re almost there Zeta! Keep pushing.’

Pushing was something Yvette absolutely couldn’t do though as her own urethra pounded and her heart paced as excitement of the imminent birth encompassed Yvette combined with a huge yearning and need to empty her now obviously full bladder.

‘Max it might help if you held her hand. Maybe even counted through the next contraction?’

Max took his wife’s hand and stroked her forehead though his eyes refused to leave the extraordinary scene between his wife’s legs. Sure he had been at his sons birth but it was in hospital surrounded by doctors and nurses, clinical, clean and at a distance. This was something else. To be this close to seeing his new child, this was raw and pure and miraculous.

With the next push a beautiful baby girl full of dark black hair appeared and Yvette helped Max cut the cord while she immediately checked the babies vital signs and mum’s observations too. The first cry had all three adults crying too and Yvette cleaned and covered the baby and handed her to Max as she instructed Zeta to push again.

‘No! It’s only one! Please tell me it’s not twins?’

Yvette laughed, though she had to quickly squeeze between her legs with her hand as she did so, hoping Max was too engrossed in the baby to notice.

‘It’s just the placenta Max. Nothing to worry about. I just need that safely out next.’

‘Oh yeah...I forgot that bit. Oh Zee she’s just perfect. So perfect. See her nose...she’s got your nose..’

Zeta pushed as Yvette saw the placenta come out as she checked it was complete and healthy before policing it carefully on a tray and placing it aside. She cleaned Zeta up and got her clean pants and a maternity pad wishing as she did so that she had such a pad on so she could perhaps allow her muscles to relax and let go of all the pee inside her that yearned to be out.

Oh she so urgently had to pee!

Yvette checked the time and filled in details of the time of birth and location on official forms before gently checking over baby and weighing her.

‘A very healthy 3.2 kilos! Well done Zeta! You were outstanding! She’s perfectly healthy and all yours.’

Yvette crossed her legs as she handed the beautiful bundle to her mum. She looked at the loving couple, sitting on the floor beside each other, backs resting on the back of the couch with their new child in mum’s arms. She desperately wanted to ask if she could use their bathroom before leaving but it just somehow would spoil the moment so she packed her bag and smiled as she gently and quietly said goodbye.

‘I’ll pop over tomorrow and check on you both Zeta. Well done. She’s beautiful. You stay there. I can let myself out. Make sure and get some rest tonight both of you. Any problems or concerns you have my number. Call me anytime.’

And at that she made her way out of the flat, over five hours since she had entered it and made her way quietly down the three flights of stairs, grabbing between her legs as she did so, grateful for trousers and not a skirt.

Alone in her car in the pitch black in the middle of the night Yvette used a hand to press firmly between her legs. She yearned for a bathroom, to be able to relax and pee after being bursting for hours. Yes there was a euphoria of delivering a baby but finally getting to pee after holding so long would be equally euphoric too.

Thankfully the traffic was quiet, as expected at 3am, and Yvette slipped quietly into her own house, hung up her coat and ran to the under stair toilet feeling dribbles threatening to leak as she did. It would be another close call!

Yvette sat on the cold toilet seat in the dark and sighed contentedly as her body relaxed finally and gave in to its yearnings. The splash of urine seemed insubordinately loud in the middle of the night but Yvette had to go so badly she couldn’t stop. She smiled thinking of Zeta and Max as she couldn’t help but touch herself between her legs feeling her own urethra and Swollen vaginal lips and clitoris just as she had felt someone else’s an hour previously. Nothing felt better than a vagina she thought, especially a wet open one like her own.

Suddenly she yearned for something else and despite the late hour and pitch darkness she needed to fulfil that yearning too. So she did and ended her night on a triple high: a longed for healthy baby, a longed for huge long pee and a brilliant orgasm too.

The icing on the cake came the following day when Yvette visited Max and Zeta and heard that their beautiful baby had been named Lachtara...Greek for longed for, greatly desired; yearning. No name suited better really.

