Road trip of Ecstasy

Author: MysticTara

*000*2019-02-21 13:17

Tbh this is my first time writing ANYTHING fictional in the past 3-4 years. So any feedback to let me know how I’m doing would be great. This was a one shot I wrote on my phone. I’ve often fantasized about either being in a car with someone I have a crush on desperate to pee or randomly going in for a passionate kiss when my crush loses control in a situation where he can’t hold it. I never considered combining the two until I started writing this. I hope it’s good.

////////

It was summertime, and I was headed to a convention the city with my friend. Time and him were super close, although I perhaps would have preferred things to get even closer as I’d had a crush on him since high school. At the same time though, I feared I might ruin things if I told him how I was really feeling, so we’d remained just friends for the past 2 years of my crush.

Anyway, we were driving along with myself in the driver’s seat and my friend, Leon, in the passengers next to me. The car was covered in junk food from the past 3 hours of driving. We’d bought two cases of 24 Dr. Pepper cans for the road along with 2 bags of chips and an impulse buy frozen cake at the last stop that we’d not long ago rushed to eat fearing it would melt. There were 4 more hours until our destination. 4 more hours of singing along to weeb music in awkward Japanese before what would be the single most anticipated weekend of our entire year.

Now one thing I’d never told Leon was that car trips made me nervous, and there was a reason for that. While I enjoyed the company and the singing at the top of my lungs to songs I can’t even understand, I had a secret anxiety about road trips surrounding rest stops. I was never comfortable talking about my need to pee and even less comfortable hearing someone else talk about it should they not be able to just walk away and do their business. It awakened something inside me that I wasn’t quite sure I’d be okay sharing with someone else yet... especially not my crush/best friend.

I’d only really agreed to drive because the convention sounded like fun and I never really got to do stuff like that at home in our small town. I was starting to regret my decision however when I could have sworn I saw Leon fidgeting a little in the seat beside me. I tried hard to refocus and control my thoughts, but I couldn’t help but wonder, could he need to pee? We’d gone through most of the case of Dr. Pepper by now, although I hadn’t had quite as much as he did.

I tried to take my mind off thinking of Leon’s possible predicament, but it was hard to think about anything else. An hour went by as I sang along with our playlist, trying to keep from watching Leon to see if I could be right. Leon shifted uncomfortably in his seat and checked his phone. The playlist ended and all fell silent. By now I was starting to feel the Dr. Pepper catch up with my own bladder, which didn’t help my struggle not to think about all of this. It wouldn’t be long before I’d start to get anxious about when I might need a rest stop... heck I was already anxious about Leon asking for one at any moment and horny thinking about the fact he might need to go even now.

Another hour passed. Leon has been buried in his phone while I tried to distract myself by calculating how much of the drive would be left in my head. It wasn’t long before Leon finally broke the silence. “Can we stop soon?” He asked.

Dammit, I’d probably been right... he did need to to use the restroom. To be fair I was kind of glad for two reasons, he hadn’t directly mentioned needing to go, not like that ship hadn’t sailed already in my mind thanks to my perceptiveness, and I was kind of needing a restroom myself and this gave me an excuse to simply stop at the next one without having to really say anything myself. “I was thinking of stopping at the next one anyway” I responded.

It was then that I noticed we were headed straight into a traffic jam on the highway. I guessed there must have been an accident or something further up. This meant panic. Leon looked up from his phone when we slowed to a stop and swore under his breath. I figured he was hoping for that rest stop sooner than later, and the odds of that weren’t looking good.

I pulled out my own phone to check to see what might be the holdup. No more than a minute later, I found an article describing a collision with a truck on the same highway we were on. “Great...” I muttered.

Leon seemed to have heard me cause he responded saying “Right? I wonder how long it’s gonna be? I really have to go to the bathroom” Shit... he’d dropped the bomb. I tried to keep a straight face as the heat rushed to my cheeks. I’d already been blushing a little before but he’d just confirmed it in words. My own bladder broke my though process as I felt a pang reminding me that Leon wasn’t the only one who needed relief. This reminder made me quiver a bit... this was too much at once.

Leon seemed to have noticed something was up when I didn’t respond. “You ok?” He asked.

“Y-ye-yeah I’m fine.” I stuttered. The stutter and the tone of my voice furthering my overstimulated state. “I need to go too.” I said without thinking. I instantly regretted it as I realized and blushed. This was not happening.

Leon seemed to realize this was making me uncomfortable and stopped prying. Thank god for understanding friendships, even without having to explain things.

20 min passed before I noticed Leon start to move more in his seat. I was getting a little antsy myself but I was confident I’d still be able to hold it for a bit. I contemplated asking Leon if he was doing ok, but my anxiety wouldn’t let me. I was terrified he’d make things worse for me. It was bad enough I was in a car alone with my desperate crush letting my mind wander as I got progressively horny and desperate myself.

It wasn’t long before I saw Leon double over in his seat and grab himself. I turned bright red, almost losing a leak myself trying to process what had just happened. The traffic still hadn’t moved and I could tell he was in trouble. Heck I should have been in no danger of leaking but I was losing control of myself in more ways than just that, which made it harder to hold it. Leon looked up at me and said “I don’t think I can hold it much longer. I seriously wish we’d gotten bottles instead of cans. If I try to pee in a can, I’ll make a mess and it won’t hold enough anyway.” He seemed super embarrassed as any 20 year old would be if they were about to piss themselves in their friend’s car.

I was sure at this point my face was fire red. Leon seemed to notice and while squirming restlessly asked me “Why is your face so red?” I was lost for words... this was bad enough I might end up having to tell him that I’m super turned on and embarrassed about this. I couldn’t speak. All that I could make were sounds. He seemed to somehow understand and said “Wait are you... enjoying this?” Immediately he grimaced as I watched a small wet spot form on his crotch under his hand. He had lost control and leaked and my breathing became slightly heavier at that moment. I’d been caught, the realization causing me to momentarily lose a leak of my own before gaining control.

“I... I... um... uh” I stuttered profusely. “Yeah” I finally managed to say... internally beating myself up for letting my secret slip like this. Leon didn’t look like he had much longer left and the wet spot on his pants had grown a little since he’s last spoke, so I forced myself to tell him “Hey, uh... I leaked a little myself and it’s my car anyway so... it’s ok if you just let go... I’ll do it too if it makes you feel any better.” I don’t know what motivated me to say that, especially since we still had to drive into the city and get to our hotel, but I wasn’t thinking anymore at this point. Leon lost another spurt as I finished speaking.

“Ok” Leon blushed before removing his hands from his crotch as the wet spot grew in size until it was glistening. God I could kiss him right now. My lips were suddenly interlocked with his a moment later with no resistance from either side. What was I doing? Did I even care? I felt a twinge in my own bladder reminding me I still needed to pee, and with how worked up I’d gotten, it had escalated. I didn’t even have to think about it much before I felt myself let go into the driver’s seat. I was in pure ecstasy and it didn’t take long to reach full orgasm from that alone.

Our lips parted, a blush returning to my face as I pulled away, my anxiety rapidly returning as I processed everything that had just occurred. We sat in our wet seats, silent for what felt like ages until Leon finally broke the silence. “So... what just happened?” He asked, his breathing noticeably heavy with every word.

I gathered the courage to respond. After all, the damage had already been done. “We both just pissed in my car while I randomly made out with you” I admitted nervously. “I’m so sorry!” I added, “I didn’t mean to do that... I don’t know what came over me.”

He smiled, his face almost as red as mine and said “It’s ok. I kinda liked it to be honest. Dunno why... but now your car’s all wet and we still need to drive in once the traffic clears.”

Shit he was right. I’d really fucked this up. At least we didn’t need to stop for a pee break now though. I laughed nervously at the thought. After some deliberation, I suggested we pull over somewhere discreet as soon as the traffic cleared to pull out our suitcases and get cleaned up... we could put towels on the seats to deal with the wetness until the seats dried and I could properly clean my car. I knew the evidence of what we had done would never completely be gone, but a part of me was ok with that somewhere deep inside.

“So?” Leon asked. I tensed up as he spoke. I was still a bit on edge from coming to terms with what had just happened. “Why did you kiss me? Really?” He asked.

I swallowed hard. “I don’t wanna make things weird.” I responded anxiously.

He laughed. “We already crossed that line ages ago by now. Do you... like me or something?”

I blushed, “If I say yes, can we not change anything? I don’t want things to change. That’s why...” I caught myself before admitting I’d been crushing on him for two years.

“That’s why what?” He smiled.

I cursed under my breath. “That’s uh... why... why I didn’t tell you... for so long...” I finally admitted.

He stared at me for a moment. “Well we don’t have to change anything if you don’t want to. I honestly really like you too, but I don’t wanna sacrifice our friendship just for that.” I nodded in agreement as he put this into words. “How long though if you don’t mind me asking?” He said.

“The last two years” I spit out.

“Actually same.” He laughed. I laughed with him as we continued talking, stopped to get cleaned up, and continued the drive. I was sure it’d take a lot to completely deal with what I felt that day, but I’d be lying if I said I regretted any minute of it.

