Snotgirl Omorashi (Lottie Person)

Author: MomoCat

*000*2022-09-09 10:59

Hi guys! I’m here with my first omo fanfic! I’m not sure if anyone here is into Snotgirl by Brian Lee O’Malley, but I wanted to share it anyway because it’s my favorite piece of omo fiction I’ve written so far.

Just a little synopsis of the characters, in case no one’s heard of it: Lottie (AKA Snottie) is a social media influencer who’s secretly a huge mess of a human being. Esther is her tragically overworked and underpaid intern. That’s about all you need to now. Without further ado, here’s the story:

###

Fashion blogger Lottie Person is, in her mind, simultaneously the most perfect and the most flawed beauty blogger of all time. With [DISCLOSED] followers on social media, Lottie is simply a must-have at any major gathering if anyone who’s anyone is going to be there.

And right now, she really wished that wasn’t so.

She’d been on the road for almost an hour on the way to some shmuck’s party, which totally sucked as is, but there was something more in her mind. The hem of her high-waisted pink and white pastel pinstripe shorts was digging into her protruding bladder. Lottie squirmed in her seat, trying not to make it obvious.

“You okay Lottie?” Esther asked, not taking her eyes off the road.

Damn it Esther, how was she so smart?

“I’m fine,” Lottie smiled, “How long until we get there?”

Esther tapped her fingers against the steering wheel. She hummed. “Hmm, about half an hour?”

Lottie cursed this totally uncool party and the totally uncool dairy-free latte she ingested hours ago that was desperately straining to escape her totally uncool bladder. And Esther, for being so totally uncool and letting her drink HER latte, which was ALSO trying to escape Lottie’s bladder.

“Why do you ask?” Esther finally looked over at Lottie, her expression mildly amused, “You gotta pee or something?”

“No!” Lottie snapped for no reason in particular. She could feel her face redden, “I don’t!”

“Mmkay.”

Esther dropped the subject and they sat in silence for a few moments. Lottie shifted her position and was met with a throbbing pain in her abdomen. She needed release, and soon.

This guy’s house was only half an hour away, Lottie reminded herself. She’d be able to pee at his place, and oh, it’d feel so good. Knowing she’d made it this long, and despite being so desperate. Lottie would rush in, say hi to the nobody that’s hosting the party, then make a beeline for his toilet. Then she’d unbutton her shorts, pull down her panties, sit on the toilet, and...

Lottie pressed her thighs together. She wanted to hold herself, but Esther’s prying eyes kept her hand away from her crotch.

Only half an hour.

Unless, Lottie speculated, someone was in the toilet when she got there. Or this dude’s plumbing could be broken. Lottie winced at the thought of holding it a second longer than she needed to as her desperate mind ran to wildly unlikely scenarios. What if there was an earthquake and they were trapped in the car forever!? Then she’d definitely pee herself!

She rested a hand on her thigh, squeezing her flesh. It wasn’t the same as holding her crotch, but it offered a small ounce of relief.

“Lottie?” Esther asked suddenly. Lottie jumped.

“Hnnnyeah?” Lottie tried not to sound as strained as she felt.

“You sure you’re okay? I can find a place—“

“I don’t have to pee!” Lottie snapped. She hated herself for lying, but something deep within her needed to prove Esther wrong. She would die if Esther thought anything remotely poor about her.

“Okay, okay,” Esther shook her head, “I get it.”

Lottie felt like she was going to burst. Her bladder hurt so bad. Why was she so stupid? Why couldn’t she just tell Esther she was right?

It was then that Esther drove over a pothole and jostled everything in the car. The pothole was nothing, really, but it was the last straw for Lottie’s bladder. She felt a hot jet of pee leak into her panties. Lottie’s hands darted to her crotch instinctively, realizing that at this point that Esther had definitely noticed.

There was a moment of silence afterwards. Lottie squeezed her eyes shut, praying that Esther hadn’t just seen that— and also, that she could just hold it a little longer. She managed to stop the flow before there was an obvious stain on her adorable couture shorts, but she doubted she could hold off long.

“Lottie—“ Esther began.

“Shut up, Esther!” Lottie surprised herself. Okay, she was yelling at Esther now. Too late to back down. “I am a famous fashion blogger! I’m Lottie fucking Person! My life is glamorous. I do not get snot on my designer clothes, I’m never ugly, and I will never, ever pee myself! Stop doubting me and just understand that I don’t have to—“

“Give me a fucking break, Lottie!” Esther yelled. Lottie had never heard Esther yell before, nor had she ever cut her off like that. Lottie was at a loss for words.

“Wait—“ Lottie’s voice trailed off when Esther suddenly pulled over. She swerved into the shoulder of the road and turned on her hazards.

Wordlessly, she unbuckled herself and stepped onto the shoulder of the mostly empty freeway. Lottie couldn’t do anything but watch in awe. Did she just chase Esther away? She was coming back, right? Lottie wanted to run after her, but her bladder hurt too much to move.

At last, Lottie forced a foot out of the car. Keeping one hand firmly between her legs, Lottie stepped onto the ground. She’d never been so desperate to pee in her life— those road trips to San Diego were nothing compared to this.

Esther was a few yards down, leaned against a highway divider and facing away from Lottie. Lottie reached towards her.

“Esther!” Esther didn’t turn around. Lottie shuffled forward, legs bent inwards at the knees. “Esther please, I’m sorry for yelling at you!”

Lottie’s eyes widened in horror as another spurt of pee soaked her panties, this one longer and harder to stem than the last. There was a sizable stain on her high waisted pink-and-white pastel striped shorts. Lottie wanted to cry, though whether it was from despair or relief was anyone’s guess. It felt so good to let out even a little bit of urine—her body ached for more. Lottie tightened her grasp at her crotch as the leak tapered off. She felt a bead of urine roll down her leg, now an obvious stain on her shorts. Her bladder was overflowing and she has already released substantial amount of pee. She knew she didn’t have much time.

“I’m sorry I was mean, Esther!” Lottie was barely holding back tears as she confessed, “I’m sorry I’ve been mean to you! You don’t deserve it, I’m just angry because my life is a mess!”

Esther turned around when she said this. Lottie continued, “I’m almost in my thirties and I don’t have a real job! I get snot on everything even though I pretend to be perfect, and I’m a grown ass adult that’s about to pee herself on the highway like a dumb little kid!”

Esther quirked an eyebrow. It almost looked like Esther was enjoying her pain, Lottie realized.

But she didn’t have time to dwell on it. Lottie sobbed. “Oh— oh god, I can’t hold it in anymore! Esther, please don’t look!”

The next spurt of pee was her undoing. Her full bladder throbbed painfully and Lottie couldn’t hold back. Pee sprayed from her shorts, gushing past her fingers that were desperately trying in vain to keep the flood inside. It formed into rivulets on her legs and puddled inside her boots. The back of her shorts were soaked, as was the crotch. She felt the warmth of the fabric against her skin and groaned loudly.

Lottie threw her head back. It felt so good. She expunged herself of her negative emotions— and all that pee she’d been holding in since morning. And it just kept coming. Lottie’s stream kept going and going with no sign of stopping. The puddle inside her shoes grew, and overflowed onto the cement.

When, at last, Lottie pushed the last bit out, she was left feeling very sheepish and vulnerable in front of Esther, who despite Lottie’s request, did not look away.

Esther— oh god, Esther was going to leave her. What kind of decent boss cries and pees herself in front of an employee? Not to mention, she’d been so terrible to her. Fuck, Lottie was ruined without her.

“I—“ Esther choked out.

“Are you going to leave me?” Lottie quickly interrupted. Priorities.

“Why, because you lied to me, shouted at me, burst into tears, then peed yourself in front of me?” Esther rolled her eyes, then laughed. “No, of course not.”

Lottie wiped snot on her sleeve. “R-really?”

“That’s just who Lottie Person is,” Esther took off her overshirt and thrust it towards Lottie. “If I didn’t like it, I would’ve left on day one. I’m sorry for storming out on you in your time of need.”

Lottie opened her mouth to protest more than one of the things Esther had said, but realized it was for the best that she kept her mouth shut, for once. She took the shirt from Esther and tied it around her waist. It didn’t complete cover the complete and utter mess she’d made of her shorts, but it was better than nothing.

Esther opened the passenger door for Lottie. She hesitantly settled back into her seat, unsure of where Esther was planning on taking her.

“I can’t go to the party in wet shorts,” Lottie reminded Esther as she shifted into drive.

“Obvi,” Esther rolled her eyes once more, “I’m taking you back home. Something tells me that, after the day you’ve had, all you want is a warm bath, some chocolate, and fresh clothes.”

“Esther,” Lottie started tearing up again, “You know me so well...”

“Yeah, I know. I’m basically a genius.”

###

