Moaning Moses

Author: Mbgpeelover

*000*2020-02-18 00:17

Moaning Moses

Moses refreshed him emails yet again almost crying with relief to see what he had been waiting for: In the midst of a global epidemic his home country were coming to his rescue. He had a place on the final repatriation flight to Manchester and he was flying that night.

Moses read and reread the email, his small case already packed in preparation. He’d been over on an extended break visiting his cousin and supporting him in setting up his new business but when the town, then city then pretty much the whole of Greece became engulfed in the outbreak of SD1 Moses had started to panic that he’d never get home. Hundreds were ill and thousands being tested daily and Moses didn’t want to be among them.

Nervous, but grateful, his only way to get to the airport that night was taxi as public transport had been halted in a bid to contain the spread of the virus. The airport felt eerily quiet with just one flight leaving and the only staff wearing masks and gloves. In addition every passenger had their temperature taken and their blood pressure and heart rate noted before being approved to board. Finally Moses was shown to his window seat for the five hour flight to the U.K. He safely stowed his bag in the overhead compartment and had just closed it over when he was joined by a couple and their young baby who occupied the seats beside him.

With no other flights landing or taking off the special government paid flight was taxiing down the run way and taking off in no time at all. Moses made himself comfortable and was grateful for the on board refreshments accepting a cup of tea then a bottle of water and a oat bar before dosing to sleep.

A couple of hours later Moses woke feeling a twinge in his bladder. The seatbelt light was off though he still had his on and he decided he’d head to the toilet. The plane lights had been dimmed but even in the low lighting Moses quickly made out that the couple beside him were both sleeping with the young baby asleep in the mother’s arms. Moses stood up as much as he could but it was obvious he wouldn’t be able to squeeze past without waking all three. He wasn’t desperate so decided to wait and see if they woke soon. In the meantime he tried dosing again and looking out the window.

Three hours into the flight and both passengers bedside him were in a deep sleep, snoring and open mouthed beside him. Moses crossed his legs and shifted in his seat, his bladder more persistent in its pressure now. By his calculations there was just an hour and a half left of the flight so surely they would wake soon and as long as he could go before landing he should be ok. He hoped so anyway. At least with both of the couple asleep and the lights dimmed no-one could see him giving himself a squeeze and a longer hold now and again. Still he tried to take his mind off things and opened his phone to play a game for a while and listen to some music.

Moses couldn’t fully relax though as time continued on and he remained stuffed by the window with no way out. Several times he thought about waking the couple beside him and had they not had a young baby he probably would have. He was uncomfortable and could feel his bladder hard against his waistband. Checking no-one could see he unclipped his trousers and gave himself yet another squeeze. This was turning out to be one of the longest flights he’d ever been on.

Moses shuffled in his seat unable to sit in one position for long. He really needed to relieve his bladder and in all his moving he accidentally stirred the baby sleeping in his mother’s arms beside him. The baby began kicking and whining waking its mum and although embarrassed about waking them Moses at last thought he might get to use the toilet. Alas an announcement from the captain and the seatbelt lights coming on prevented him yet again.

As the plane was beginning it’s decent low cloud was causing some turbulence and as a precaution the captain was asking passengers to remain seated with the seat belts fastened until they landed safely in Manchester. On arrival, he reminded them, they would be escorted through the airport by staff and into awaiting coaches where they would be taken to university accommodation which was being used as isolation accommodation for their 14 days isolation to prevent for their spread of the SD1 virus under health guidelines issued by the government.

Moses sighed audibly and noticed both of the couple now look at him as the announcement had woken them up. With his hands resting over the top of his crossed leg Moses didn’t feel able to say what was wrong and instead muttered something about needing to stretch his legs. The male smiled back and replied that they would be landing soon and they too would be glad to have room to move, especially with a baby.

Moses wanted to cry as he turned and looked out the small plane window. His bladder throbbed for release and he bounced his knee trying to distract both his mind and body. He was warm from the effort of holding and stressed at yet another hold up. At least the plane was coming in to land and he hoped he could hold off pissing at least until he was in the airport. He had to go so so badly he rubbed his aching bladder and shifted again in his seat.

Finally Moses could see the tops of houses, tress and tiny cars. He just needed to tighten his muscles a little bit more and he would get to pee soon. Just the thought sent another wave and Moses had to lean forward and press a hand between his legs to prevent himself from spurting. Moses bit his lip and clenched his teeth whilst continuing to hold himself. He turned his body to face the window and slip his hand inside his open trousers, rubbing his aching penis and squirming in his seat.

‘You ok there?’

‘Emmm. Yeah. Sort of. Cramp...’

‘Nearly landing now.’

Moses wasn’t sure he’d make it. He was positively bursting for the toilet and had been holding off for hours. This was starting to hurt but with little choice but to hold he squirmed more as another wave surged through his body. The houses were bigger now, as were trees and vehicles and even roads.

Landing at last.

Moses suddenly realised he still had his trousers undone so he did his best to hook them back up. He breathed in and shuffled in his seat but it was no good, his bladder was far too enlarged for his trousers to close. He pulled his shirt out instead, hoping his trousers would at least stay up as he disembarked the plane.

Finally the wheels of the plane pulled down and the plane landed on the ground. Moses grabbed himself as anticipation escalated his need and a few drops escaped into his boxers. This would be touch and go. Much to his relief the plane taxied to a hold and the engine was turned off. The baby next to him was restless and grisly adding to Moses stress. At least it distracted his parents though which meant they hadn’t noticed how harassed and sweaty he was and how he still grasped at his privates trying desperately to hold off from pissing.

Much to Moses relief the couple gathered their belongings quickly and filled into the aisle ready to get off the plane. Still he hadn’t made it to the aisle yet or managed to get his luggage as he squirmed and moaned in desperation.

As the aisle very slowly moved Moses finally made it to the aisle where he paced on the spot frantically as he reached up for his suitcase. Spotted by an air hostess due to his excessive sweating Moses was tapped on the shoulders.

‘Sir, are you feeling ok? You seem very hot and stressed?’

Moses looked at the immaculate air hostess, dressed smartly and looking beautiful and he just couldn’t find the words to admit his need.

‘Just keen too get off mam. It’s seemed a long flight and I’m tired.’

‘No problem. There will be staff meeting you as you arrive at the airport sir but if your temperature is high you will most likely be taken to hospital. Are you sure you are ok?”

The last place Moses wanted was hospital. A urinal, or even a toilet he absolutely would give anything for, but hospital wasn’t what he wanted in any way.

Grabbing his case he almost ran off the plane and down the steps conscious he was dribbling urine drop by drop into his underwear.

As he opened the door of the airport Moses quickly scanned for the gents but was horrified to find the entire airport closed and sealed except one are to exit. Staff in medical masks lined the way out towards a waiting coach as each passenger was pulled aside for some medical checks before being allowed on the coach. Waiting ambulances nearby clearly there to take those who showed any sign of illness straight to hospital.

Moses clenched as tightly as he could willing his trousers to stay up. He’d only taken a few steps when he was pulled aside to be checked by a nurse. Moses places his bag on the ground and danced from foot to foot. Out if the corner of his eye he could see the toilets but couldn’t get to them as safety seals prevented him. The nurse put a band around his arm and asked him to stand still. Moses couldn’t despite openly now holding himself. As the band filled with air to take his blood pressure he could feel his face redden as another dribble leaked.

‘His blood pressure is raised’

A clip was placed on his finger as Moses bent forward clenching his penis. A minute later the nurse commented again.

‘Pulse is very fast too’

Finally a thermometer was placed in Moses ear as Moses moaned and pee danced despite being asked to stay still.

‘Temperature raised too. Can I have a paramedic to this one please’

Tears formed in Moses eyes as two paramedics approached. He crossed his legs and clenched tightly longing to say how badly he needed to piss but somehow unable to.

‘Sir are you feeling ok? Can you come this way please and have a seat in the ambulance. We just want to check you are ok.’

Moses found himself being escorted just a few feet away to an ambulance where he was taken into the back and the doors closed. Moses sat on the seat, squirming openly. Deeply embarrassed but just seconds away from pissing himself he wiggled in the chair for dear life.

‘I don’t have the damn virus. Honestly! I just have to fucking piss! Seriously I’m pissing myself here...’

With no hesitation at all one of the paramedics grabbed a sick bowl and handed it quickly to Moses who pulled his dribbling aching dick out and immediately let loose a long hard stream into the bowl. The urine fizzed and frothed as it swirled in the fast filling cardboard bowl and within 30 seconds Moses could see it wouldn’t contain all his bladder needed to empty. The paramedic gazed in amazement as he handed Moses a second bowl and he filled that one too, handing the full one to the paramedic in exchange.

Finally Moses finished and breathed a loud sigh of relief.

‘Fuck I needed that!’

‘It sure looked like it mate! Was there no toilet on the plane?’

Moses preceded to tell the story of how he had been bursting for hours whilst the crew took him to a pre arranged hospital where he stayed for 24 hours before being taken to the university campus to finish his 14 day incubation period.

He didn’t catch SD1 and neither did he catch all his pee in time as he later discovered at the hospital when he next went to pee and found just how wet his underwear was. At least he was in his home country though and back with his family who never did find out how dramatic his repatriation flight home had been.

*004*2020-02-23 00:11

{{On 2/19/2020 at 12:28 AM, pguy69 said:

Male desperation is not usually my thing, but all of your stories have me hooked, you are a fantastic writer, and build the desperation perfectly!

}}

Thank you

