In times of desperation - Page 5

*100*2020-07-12 17:06

Chapter 45:

Will was so thrilled to have heard from Sarah though her comment about the work toilets only served to remind him of his own desire to go. Things were going smoothly at work, almost too smoothly, and Will was catching up on all the latest research in his field online while he monitored his latest computer program running its first live test. So far all was going fantastic and the sense of pride Will felt was tangible. He was a lone worker with high responsibility but with that came a good wage packet allowing him to lease a new car every three years and have a mortgage of his own. Independence meant so much to Will as he struggled to trust others. Sarah was the first woman to enter his life and that came with an uncertainty and anxiety to Will. Could he trust her? He wanted to so badly.

He made himself a coffee and ate his sandwich and apple he had brought in for lunch. Although it was chilly outside his office was stuffy and Will really wanted to stretch his legs for a bit. He would really benefit from emptying his bladder too but what if someone spoke to him, or even worse were in the gents when he went? That idea sent shivers through him so he went back to reading his research and sipped at his coffee to finish his lunch. Maybe if things stayed quiet he would try finding those toilets later.

Sarah saw her next client after lunch, a regular who was making great progress. It was just the tonic Sarah needed as they laughed together. The only thing making her feel uncomfortable was that laughing while needing to pee wasn’t ideal. Sarah sat through most of the session with her legs crossed and as Mrs Crosssbow left Sarah rushed next door to the ladies, finding herself reminiscing about the time, only 8 days ago when she had ran into the same ladies with Will and how he hadn’t been able to pee. Will came with lots of issues, that she was in no doubt of, but she was hardly issue free herself, and besides he was incredible in bed which lit her up like nothing else. She couldn’t wait to see him again.

She returned to her office and filled her jug up with fresh water for the next client before drinking almost a glass herself, dry from all the earlier laughing and the salt from her soup. She checked to see if her client was in and when she was she called her in and focussed fully on supporting her.

Will found himself bouncing his leg as his bladder continued to fill steadily. It was now almost 3pm and he still hadn’t even found the courage to find the bathrooms let alone use them. Then again he’d been there over three years and hadn’t used them once so today was just normal. He was used to working nursing a full bladder and he drove home every night absolutely desperate to pee. But tonight he had a date and he didn’t want to spoil it by being bursting for the toilet! He was just about to pick up the courage to at least walk to the basement and look for the bathrooms when his computer flagged an issue. His live run on his latest computer programme was showing a fault so he opened a bottle of water to help him focus and settled down to find the problem.

An hour and forty five minutes later and Will had found the problem and solved it, for just now anyway. The issue now was his squirming which was distracting him so badly. One second he had his legs crossed only immediately to uncross and fan them in and out. He found himself holding himself under his desk too as his bladder sent powerful signals to release. He decided his date would be ruined if he pissed himself before it even started so he stood up and headed to the door to sneak out and see if he could find both the basement and the gents.

Oh he really needed to piss bad. He still had 45 minutes before leaving the office too. He stood at the door listening as he subtly pee danced and satisfied himself that the coast was clear. He slipped out the room, down the empty corridor and through the doors that lead to the staircase, the only time Will had used them previously was during his interview and initial tour. He hadn’t even recalled being shown the loos that day but he had been processing a huge amount of information so maybe he had and he just couldn’t recall it.

As Sarah typed her notes from her penultimate client that day she sipped at a fresh mug of tea drinking it dry before calling her client in. This client was a larger than life character, having been referred via her majesty’s prison service and his choice language and streetwise body image could have made Sarah uncomfortable but she remained calm and the client was engaging so all was well. By the time she typed up his notes while sipping water, which she finished while with her last client, she was looking forward to her weekend off. She was ready for the break.

Will ran down two flights of stairs like he was a gymnast. While he didn’t leave his apartment after work he did have a treadmill and rowing machine at home and he exercised regularly. Besides he really wanted to pee! He came out on the basement as the lights turned on suddenly due to an automatic sensor. It was quiet and eerie but Will was more anxious about seeing anyone than the general atmosphere. He walked down the corridor looking for any signs of bathrooms when suddenly he heard two voices come from the stairwell. He was adjacent to a door marked kitchen so he pushed it open and hid inside while he waited for the voices to go. Hiding behind a door Will grabbed himself tight as another wave of desperation hit him. He so wanted to ask the male voices if they knew where the bathroom was but anxiety prevented him doing so. With his ear to the door he overheard the conversation as they walked along the corridor.

‘God I thought that meeting would never end! I seriously can’t wait to piss man!’

‘Yeah me too. I was holding myself under the desk I was so bursting. It’s crap we have to come all this way just to piss. Oh my God I so wanna pee!’

Will knew exactly how they felt. At least he knew the toilets were in this direction somewhere. He just needed to hold on until they had gone and walked back and then he could try finding them himself. He just hoped they would be super quick because right now he longed to piss so bad he couldn’t stand still!

&&

&&

&&

*102*2020-07-13 15:17

Chapter 46:

Wether it was nerves at the thought of meeting Will or the mug of tea and glasses of water she had drunk in the last few hours since her last bathroom visit, but as Sarah locked up, set the alarm and said goodnight to Hannah, making sure to apologise to her for delaying her at lunch earlier, she realised she needed the toilet. Not too badly but enough that she thought she would go pretty soon when she got to the pub with Will because she wanted to enjoy their date and not feel too uncomfortable.

She sent Will a text to say she was just leaving work, though she fully expected he may be driving now and unable to reply.

Will had his hand inside his trousers in the dimly lit kitchen squeezing himself like crazy to try and hold his pee in. Finally he heard the two male voices return and as their voices quietened he ventured out into the corridor again hobbling down the corridor looking for the gents. He finally found them and rushed in, adrenalin pumping throughout his body as he grabbed his phone and scanned through his photos for the picture of his toilet at home as he closed the cubicle behind himself. Will stood there, his arm shaking with anxiety as he held his phone in one hand and his penis in the other. He tried to picture himself at home so badly but his heart was beating so quickly and his back sweating that he struggled to even relax. He tried counting slowly, as Sarah had previously encouraged him to do as he took deep breaths to try and relax. 

A drip eventually fell into the toilet, though Will’s entire body was cursing with the desire to piss so badly and his bladder hurt. Slowly another spurt came but nothing long enough to make a real difference to his need. He’d been standing for several minutes when eventually a small trickle dribbled steadily but slowly only to come to a sudden abrupt halt as someone entered the gents and peed loudly in the urinal. Will was so frustrated at his inability to pee when anyone could hear. He was utterly fed up of his anxiety controlling his bodily needs and, though he knew nothing more would come, he stood holding his flaccid penis over the toilet until the other person had finished, left and had time to walk well away. Will was shaking with fear, and despite still needing to pee a hell of a lot he decided he would head back to his office as quickly as he could.

By the time he had made it back, slowed his breathing and had sipped some water to calm his nerves it was time to pack up for the weekend. Will read one final email from his line manager saying he hadn’t taken enough annual leave and to please take another five days before the end of next month before closing his computer, packing his mug, cleaning and turning off his computer and rushing out to his car. He hadn’t long set off when he heard his phone beep with a text. He so wanted to read it, every bit as much as he longed to urinate, but both would need to wait a bit longer.

Sarah found the drive to Will’s apartment straightforward. The traffic was steady despite being rush hour on a Friday and the traffic lights were mostly in her favour. Her bladder was sending vibes but she was in control and getting more and more excited about seeing Will. She couldn’t stop smiling.

Despite having let out a very small amount Will was every bit as desperate to pee as he was every other night on the drive home. Even the familiar voice of his sat nav could not calm him as he found himself getting more and more stressed at his inability to just be able to piss like everyone else. He felt stupid, angry, frustrated and incredibly uncomfortable as he rubbed himself at every chance he could. Somehow having had some release was actually worse than none at all. He found his eyes full of tears at his own predicament and despite really liking Sarah he was nervous at her seeing him like this, again. He wanted her to see him as strong, capable and sexy, not vulnerable, embarrassing and silly. This wasn’t how he wanted his first date to go.

Sarah pulled into the car park at Will’s apartment block facing the number 14 space. She’d got there before Will so she used her interior mirror to fix her hair and touch up her make up. She wasn’t someone to use many cosmetics but she wanted Will to see her at her best. Her urethra pushed against her underwear to remind her she should pee soon but The Starling was only seven minutes away and she would go there. Her heart skipped a beat as she saw Will’s car pull into the car park and park in front of her. As his lights and engine turned off and Will stood by his car to press the fob and lock it she could not help but get a shiver of passion throughout her body. Will was so handsome, so perfect, she longed to be with him. As he climbed into her passenger seat she ran her fingers over his moist red cheeks before embracing him in a deep passionate kiss.

Will squeezed his penis so tightly before getting out his car. His body knew this was him home and it responded by sending a sudden spurt of warm urine down the length of his dick. But seeing Sarah smiling in her car, so beautiful and adorable made him want her so much. He still couldn’t understand how such a sexy, stunning girl could like him, but he wasn’t going to go without a fight. His bladder and penis screamed for his attention but nothing could pull him away from Sarah’s beauty. He strode towards her car quickly, his tears still on his cheek from the car journey. Suddenly Sarah touched his face, wiped his tears, and kissed him and nothing else in that moment mattered. Will ran his hands through Sarahs auburn hair as another tear fell down his face.

Sarah had so much compassion for Will, so much care and even love for him, though the latter was something she didn’t dare admit to herself quite yet. She sensed something wasn’t right with Will as she saw another tear fall from his glistening eyes. She held his hand in hers whilst gently pulling her mouth from his and held him gently and lovingly as she saw fear and embarrassment take hold of him.

Will sensed something truly awful was about to happen. His body was useless and he was unable to control himself. He’d never felt so ashamed of himself, so humiliated, since he was ten years old and at school. He fully expected Sarah to disown him, and rightly so.

While he had embraced and kissed Sarah he had slowly leaked urine into his work trousers, more than a little, though his bladder was still extremely full. The inside leg of his trousers had changed colour and as Sarah pulled away but held his hand tightly Will sat crying, his head down as a strong hissing sound broke the silence between them. Will sat there as his body failed him, his inability to control himself reinforcing his inner voice that told him he was a complete failure.

Sarah’s own face filled with tears now too. She felt so much for Will, though seeing him in soaked clothing did turn her on. Above all else though she knew Will needed to know she still liked him, wanted him and respected him. She tried to tell him exactly that but found her actions said it much clearer as she pulled Will close and kissed him so deep she thought they would swallow each other. Meanwhile her hands stroked his wet legs as she felt for his penis to let it be known she still lusted after Will, even more so than ever.

Finally Sarah felt she could find the right words.

‘Sweetheart it’s ok. You go get showered and clean and then we can get some dinner. You know you are the sexiest, most handsome, most incredible man to ever exist. You know how much I adore watching you piss and you held all that in for hours and hours just to let me watch. That, Will Highland, makes me want to fuck you so bad.’

She wasn’t sure Will had deliberately held on all day for her but she wanted to boost his ego and it had made her ridiculously horny for Will, so intentional or not, it had the same effect. As hungry as her stomach was for food it wasn’t a patch on how hungry her body was for Will’s right now.

*105*2020-07-14 22:54

Chapter 47:

Will couldn’t look Sarah in the eye so he focussed on the bridge of her nose as he tried to get the words to come out of his mouth. Sarah clearly wasn’t put off by his childish inability to control his bladder but that didn’t stop him from feeling vulnerable in her presence. He shook with nerves as his heart beat faster and his lungs struggled for air.

‘Do you...do...do you...want to come inside and....wait for me?’

Will was concerned that he may not make it back out again once in his apartment as his mind would fight the change again. He found moving from one place to another so hard at times, even though he really wanted this date with Sarah.

‘Will, I would love to.’

Sarah couldn’t resist kissing Will on the cheek.

‘I’ll....I’ll clean your car as soon as I’m clean. I’m really sorry.’

Sarah stroked the top of Will’s wet leg as she whispered sexually into his ear.

‘Will I’m not worried or upset. On the contrary. I think you are amazing and it’s best I don’t say what I really want to do right now or we won’t ever get dinner tonight. You turn me on so much Will Highland. Now let’s get you comfortable and dry and let me worry about my car ok?’

Will was so hard hearing that but he was also very aware he was smelling and damp so he opened Sarah’s car door as she opened her door and he walked briskly to the main door to his flat. He used his fob to open the security door, holding it open for Sarah.

Sarah waited as Will lead the way to his flat again, unlocking it and ushering Sarah in. Before he could even make his way to the bathroom Sarah had unclipped Will’s trousers and pulled them down letting her hands run gently over his soaked boxers sending shivers right through Will’s body. There was something about that woman’s touch that took Will to heaven and even in his embarrassment and shame she turned him on incredibly. Sarah ran her fingers up Wills damp legs and preceded to pull down his boxers, again making sure her fingers ran the length of his erect penis. Will moaned with desire as Sarah kissed his penis before holding his hands to guide him to step over his wet clothes. Will longed to drag her to bed, fuck her deeply and explore every part of her but Sarah instead let go of his hands and ran down the hall towards the open plan lounge and kitchen, calling back to Will:

‘You grab a quick shower while I clean the car. See you back in the car in ten minutes!’

Sarah was still so unfamiliar with Will’s kitchen but she hazard a guess that what she needed was in the cupboard under the sink. Will’s need for order made finding cloths, washing up liquid, a bowl and some clothes stain removal spray easy and, aware she didn’t want to take water away from Will’s shower, she filled the bowl with a mixture of washing up liquid and warm water and picked up some cloths and tea towels, and headed back downstairs. Running the tap send a sudden feeling through Sarah’s body as she remembered she still hadn’t been to the bathroom. It could wait a bit longer as she needed to clean the car before it had chance to stain.

Outside in the cold Sarah could once again feel her bladder signal it needed relief. However she reasoned Will would not be much longer so she started dabbing the seat with a towel to soak up any wetness before scrubbing with the cleaning solution and cloth. She diligently dried her seat once again with the tea towel before spraying some stain removal and scrubbing with a second clean cloth. Will hadn’t made nearly as much mess as she’d expected despite peeing for quite a long time. 

Even cleaning her car and thinking back was arousing Sarah as she imagined Will naked in the shower. She left the towels over the seat and poured out the excess water from the bowl at the side of her car and rung the cloths out. She sat the bowl, cloths and spray on the floor of the front passenger seat and walked round to the driver’s seat to wait for Will. There was no room to cross her legs due to the steering wheel so she placed one hand between her legs as she pushed against herself both to hold her bladder at bay but also aware of how much her body was preparing for sex.

To help dry the car and warm her up she turned on the engine and put the car’s heating on. She was hungry, horny and quite in need of a toilet but without a key fob she couldn’t even get back inside to use Will’s bathroom. She had no choice but to wait.

Sarah’s eyes lit up when Will appeared soon after. With her headlights on she could see him in light tan smart trousers with a brown shirt and matching tan waistcoat. He looked outstanding and so handsome her eyes sparkled at the thought she was going on a date with him. She quickly removed her hand from between her legs as Will opened the passenger door, smiling at the towels and feeling to check they were dry before sitting on them.

Will showered quickly and found the smartest shirt, trousers and waistcoat he could before rushing back down to Sarah before his mind had a chance to catch up with his actions. He was hungry, both for food and for Sarah, and seeing her sitting in her car she looked so radiant and sexy. Will felt like he had just won the lottery.

He opened the passenger door and smiled feeling his own tea towels to check they were dry enough to sit on. He kissed Sarah on the cheek but try as he might he just couldn’t find the right words.

‘I don’t know about you Will but I’m starving. Fancy dinner?’

Will laughed as Sarah pulled out the car park and headed to The Starling.

Finally Will relaxed enough to say something.

‘Sarah, you are so beautiful.’

Sarah didn’t reply. She wanted those words to stay between them as long as possible. She couldn’t remember ever hearing them before and she wanted to treasure that feeling as long as possible. She also needed to concentrate on the road as thoughts of both her very full bladder and sexual thoughts for Will fought for her attention.

In no time at all she was parking in the car park as she turned the engine off and leaned over to the back seat to pick up her handbag. It had been years since she had last been here so she hoped the toilets were clearly signed. As soon as they had a table she would head to them right away.

*108*2020-07-15 11:57

Chapter 48:

(and unfortunately you will all need to wait a week before you find out what happens next as I am unable to post for the next 7 days as I won’t have WiFi.)

Will had been reading up on ‘how to impress a woman on your first date’ as he got out the car and walked round to open Sarah’s door and take her hand, gently kissing the back of her hand as he held it.

‘Sarah, you are so beautiful’, he said again as he waited while she closed her door and locked her car. For all Will was nervous he was equally excited to finally be on a date. He wasn’t going to let Sarah’s hand go. If he let her go she may just leave and besides the practical fact he had come in her car, he never ever wanted Sarah to leave.

Will looked around for the entrance, leading Sarah by the hand along a romantic path between trees and bushes, lit from both sides by old fashioned street lamps. He knew what he planned to order and hoped Sarah did too. He really wanted some dinner and then some time alone with Sarah, if she wanted, because right now he never ever wanted to be apart from her. Her longed to hear how her day had been, her week even, as although he’d seen her a fair amount, sex had taken up so much of their time that they hadn’t talked anything like as much as Will wanted. Now with a meal between them they had so much time to talk. Will never tired of hearing Sarah’s voice. He was tempted to record it on his phone just so he could hear it and play over it often. He wasn’t entirely sure how Sarah would take that idea so he decided to keep that to himself.

Sarah was utterly taken to see and watch Will at work. The man who just 8 days ago had to point to yes and no on a whiteboard to communicate with her was now guiding her by the hand into an unfamiliar building to have dinner with her! She could burst with pride over Will, and she longed to never let go of his hand, but she equally could burst from a massive need to wee! It wasn’t what she wanted right now as she knew it would upset and unsettle Will so much. For his sake she clenched her muscles and moved from foot to foot as the waiter showed them to an available table by the window.

‘Welcome to The Starling. Can I get you something to drink while you peruse our menu for this evening?’

Will looked at Sarah, who had sat down quickly and crossed her legs. She looked awkward, but then Will reasoned that everyone must feel awkward on a first date because he certainly was too. Buoyed on by his now empty bladder and ability to drink alcohol since Sarah was driving, Will pointed to the pint of beer on the drinks menu while Sarah ordered some lemonade.

‘Thank you. Tonight’s soup of the day is minestrone and our roast of the day is lamb. A member of staff will come back for your order soon.’

Will took Sarah’s hand onto the table and placed his gently on top stroking his fingers over Sarah’s longing to stroke her so many more places but content to just be feeling her hand for now. Just stroking her hand was having an effect on him let alone anything more.

Sarah looked around for any signs of a bathroom but now sat over by the window she wasn’t able to see any. She crossed her legs as tight as she could and tried to focus on the menu enjoying the fact Will was touching her hand so sexily and gently. He was such a wonderful man and she could not believe she had only known him for 8 days. Not for the first time she wondered how someone could become so special to another person so quickly. She really needed the toilet though and decided when the waiter or waitress came to bring their drinks she would have to ask where the ladies was. It was getting more serious by the minute.

She tried to distract herself by talking to Will.

‘They have some lovely food here. I think I’ll go for the chicken tikka. I bet you’ve already planned yours?’

‘Yes I have. I like fish on Fridays so I decided on the scampi and chips. It looks delicious. So how has your day been my lovely?’

Sarah wriggled on her chair to try and get comfortable, an almost impossible task with such a full bladder.

‘It was ok thanks. It started with a call to my mentor. I think I mentioned to you before how I have to have someone looking out for me, protecting me and stuff. We get on really well so I always enjoy our calls. She hinted that she thought something was different about me the last week or so. Actually my receptionist, Hannah, she’s convinced I’ve met someone too.’

Sarah looked right at Will and smiled.

‘It seems you have quite an affect on me.’

Will responded by raising Sarah’s hand and gently kissing it. Others might have noticed the effect he had on Sarah but right now the effect she was having on him could be seen throughout the restaurant. He was so hard, more so as he began to suspect Sarah was keen to find the bathrooms as she sat tightly crossed legged, looking around anxiously and she kept wriggling in her seat. Even the thought made Will so horny he thought he might burst in his trousers.

As the waiter arrived with their drinks Will spoke before Sarah even had a chance, something that caught them both by surprise.

‘Hi, can we have one chicken tikka with rice and one scampi and chips with mushy peas please? Thanks’

Before Sarah could get a word in the drinks had been placed on the table and the waiter left with their order. As chuffed as she was with Will finding his voice to order she could not help but feel frustrated at losing her chance to ask where the ladies was. She uncrossed her legs and shuffled to the edge of the seat but Will saw this as her asking for a kiss and he responded accordingly.

Sarah could feel her urethra pounding and she knew she would struggle to wait much longer. Will suddenly let go of her hand, just briefly to raise his glass for a ‘cheers’. The absolute last thing Sarah needed right now was more fluids in her but she didn’t want to admit this so she squirmed and raised her glass to ‘new friends’ and had a sip of her lemonade. She couldn’t help but swing her legs under the table hoping Will didn’t think she was crazy.

Will was more sure than ever that Sarah was bursting for the loo and whilst he didn’t want to see her have an accident in public he was relishing every moment of her movements.

He wondered how much longer she would squirm and fidget for before admitting her need.

*113*2020-07-24 12:59

Thank you all for your patience. Here’s chapter 49:

Sarah really wanted to excuse herself but she knew Will would struggle to sit alone and that he needed time to relax. She decided to try hinting about her need to prepare him so that he wouldn’t have a panic attack at her nipping to the loos. She only hoped he was perceptive and that their meals would arrive soon so she could ask where the facilities were. She’d been needing to go since leaving work almost an hour and a half ago. She wriggled about as discreetly as she could as she turned the conversation back to Will.

‘So tell me about your day Will. I assume by earlier than you didn’t explore the basement? You had any more thoughts about that yet? I actually don’t know how you last all day. I find myself uncomfortable by lunchtime and very full again by dinner, around now.’

The more Will watched and listened to Sarah the more he knew his detective work was spot on. Sarah had all but admitted her need, though not outright. Seeing her squirm and all this talk of full bladders and toilets was a huge turn on for him and he was sure Sarah knew that. She was quite a tease and he loved it. He cast his mind back to how far he had come in the 8 days since meeting Sarah as he told Sarah about his day.

‘Work wasn’t overly exciting really. Until late this afternoon it was just the same as any other day really. Though I have to say I couldn’t stop thinking about seeing you tonight.’

Sarah crossed her legs and bounced her knee as she spurred Will on to say more.

‘So what happened this afternoon? You didn’t actually...leave your room?’

‘Oh Sarah I did! I actually left my office for the first time ever since starting there! I mean I was sweating so badly, my heart was pounding so fast I thought I would collapse and I was so nervous I felt dizzy, but I did it! Can you believe it?’

Sarah changed position again, now perching herself on the edge of her seat as Will send shivers through her as he seemed to deliberately tease her by continually picking up his beer and drinking it. She wondered if he realised she was bursting for the toilet? She was finding it increasing difficult to hide now as her entire body pounded for release.

‘This beer is delicious Sarah. How’s your lemonade? So, yes, I left the office all because of you...well because I really really needed something that I couldn’t do in my office but you gave me the courage to leave.’

Sarah swung her legs under her seat as another wave hit her. She wasn’t sure how much longer she would last now. Will continued to make such a fuss of his drink too. He had to know. He wasn’t always clued up in everything social but this was something she knew interested him and she wasn’t exactly being discreet.

‘But...well thinking back to..emmm...earlier...I’m guessing something went wrong? Was it the usual? Did your phone picture not help?’

‘Oh there’s loads to tell you before I get it that bit. You’re not in a hurry are you? You are going to love all this. Wait to you hear how much I achieved. I mean to think just a week and a day ago I hadn’t...well you know...in public ever. Since then there’s been your work, McDonald’s, Starbucks, even your house! Oh and let’s not forget your car...though that wasn’t meant to happen. So yeah I left the office shaking, nervous but I knew I had to get to that place quickly. You know how it is when you have little time to spare and everything in you wants something so badly.

I’m sure you’ve been there? Well I was there earlier and having ignored it too long I decided it was time to act or I might regret it later. So I left my office, making sure no-one saw me or I would have been very embarrassed. I found the stairs and went down two floors. I actually had no clue where the place was I so urgently needed. Imagine really knowing you need to be somewhere, longing with everything in you to be alone, have privacy and be able to relax but not having any idea how to get there. Can you picture my...discomfort?

Will winked at Sarah as he could see the effect he was having on her. She was so fidgety, bouncy, flustered looking. Her cheeks were red, her legs continually in motion, her hands awkwardly resting on the top of her legs. He decided to keep talking and see if she would eventually say something.

Sarah had this incredible dilemma. Hearing Will freely talking about his need to pee earlier in the day was sending huge waves of desire right through her body. He was pressing her buttons fast and furiously to the point she absolutely longed to strip him naked and fuck him right there and then, but her body was also right on the edge of utter longing to pee and if she held off much longer she would lose control in public. Sarah’s breasts were so tingly, her nipples so erect and longing that, without realising she was doing it, she ran one hand over them right in front of Will’s eyes as he once again tantalisingly lifted his pint of beer to his lips and poured a huge gulp down his throat. Sarah’s hand instantly moved from her sensitive breasts to her pounding pussy as she pushed her hand between her legs under the table, leaning right on the edge of her seat bouncing her knees frantically. She was just about to stand up and go look for the ladies when Will continued.

‘So I found the basement. It was eerie, quiet and deserted. There were no signs at all so I wandered down a corridor longing to find where I needed to be. I thought I might be cutting it fine, you know, like misjudging how much I could hold. I walked along but could not see what I needed. Suddenly I heard voices and panicked so I pushed open the door I was nearest to, which was a kitchen, and hid behind the door, battling internally like nothing else. At least I had privacy. There’s nothing worse than feeling vulnerable in public when you have something on your mind you really really want but you can’t allow others to know because...well it’s just embarrassing isn’t it?’

Sarah was worried. Should she risk staying where she was and burst or stay where she was because Will was causing her vagina to pound with excitement and pour mucus into her knickers like Niagara Falls. She knew if Will so much as kissed her right now she would explode both sexually and physically simultaneously. She was hot, flustered and moaning quietly.

‘ You ok Sarah? You look like you need a drink. Here, try some of your lemonade.’

Sarah took her glass and took a sip, relishing the cold refreshing taste.

She calmed enough to face reality. It was time she let Will know she was about to piss herself and excuse herself to find the bathrooms.

‘It is embarrassing Will. It really is. I know because...’

Sarah didn’t get to finish her sentence as just then a waitress arrived with their meals. Sarah slid her hand between her skirt under the table, wriggling about feeling herself leak slightly as the floodgates barely stayed closed.

‘Can I get you both anything? Sauce, vinegar, more drinks?’

Sarah tried to find her voice, her face red and sweaty.

‘I wonder if you could tell me where the...’

Will smiled at Sarah and finished her sentence...

‘The car park is for the cinema? I saw a notice saying we can only park here for two hours and we are off to the cinema next door later. Thanks.’

Sarah almost cried as she kicked Will under the table. She was a professional, well respected career woman. She couldn’t piss herself in a public place.

Will was taking a huge risk and he knew it. He was just glad the table protected the huge erection he had had since arriving. If things carried on the way they were Sarah would not be the only one having a public accident in their pants.

*116*2020-07-24 21:17

{{6 hours ago, Rexone_312 said:

Did Will just talk to a..

How is this possible!! He is indeed full of surprises

}}

The things people do when they wish to delay the object of their affection eh

*118*2020-07-25 09:33

Chapter 50:

‘Yes. You are right. You can only park here for a maximum of two hours. We had to establish that rule because we were losing patrons due to having a full car park when so many were using our spaces for the cinema. When you arrived a number plate recognition camera will have logged your number plate and we issue fines to anyone who outstays the two hours. If you wish to visit the cinema you need to exits our car par then turn left and left again to the cinema’s own car park.

I hope you enjoy your meals.’ The waitress turned to walk away.

Sarah hadn’t expected such a long spiel from the waitress who was clearly just answering Will’s question. She could hardly interrupt her midway through but every word was causing her heart to beat faster, her vagina to throb quicker, her legs to squirm more. She couldn’t bear it any longer as she stood up and followed the waitress trying to get her attention whist holding her bladder at bay.

Will watched it all while casually starting his meal, turning his legs to hide his huge erection. He really wanted Sarah to make it, to not be embarrassed in public but he was struggling with how intensely Sarah’s predicament was turning him on. He wanted to help Sarah so badly but as he has no idea where the toilets were either he had no idea what to do.

‘Excuse me’

Sarah tried to catch the waitresses attention but, distracted by a nearby table waving her over, the waitress hadn’t heard her. Sarah followed behind her moving around continually trying not to pee dance but failing miserably. She was leaking and had to find a loo urgently. Her meal was getting cold but her bladder could not wait any longer.

She followed the waitress to the table that had called her over hoping to catch her attention before she spoke to them.

‘Excuse me.’

Still the waitress didn’t appear to hear. Sarah looked around frantically for any signs of bathrooms, all the while Will watching her struggle but helpless to do anything.

Sarah stepped back as the waitress approached the table.

‘Could we have our bill please?’

‘Yes, of course. How was your meal? Was everything to your satisfaction?’

Sarah could see the male from the couple looking at her as she bent forward and pushed a hand between her legs. Sarah was almost in tears, deep red in embarrassment and frustrated at her lack of dignity. She had to stop herself leaking though and she was aware that any second pee would flood out from between her legs.

‘Excuse me please.’ Sarah tried again.

Sarah looked at the gent who was now smiling at her giving full eye contact. Sarah was so relieved when he finally helped her.

‘Everything was great thanks. Sorry I think the lady behind you really needs to ask you something urgently before you get our bill.’

The waitress turned, surprised and startled to see Sarah.

‘Oh sorry, I never saw you there. Can I help you?’

‘Oh please. You couldn’t tell me where the ladies is please? Thanks.’

‘Yes of course! Just walk past the entrance you came in, carry on through the bar area and they are in the back corner.’

Sarah could just mutter a quick ‘thanks’ before rushing away to find them, briefly overhearing the lady of the couple comment, ‘I hope she makes it. She looked very desperate.’

Sarah would have happily peed outside in the pouring rain she was that desperate to go. Her bladder hurt from holding so long but once on the toilet and releasing steadily she found the courage to check how wet her knickers were. They were wet but wearable so Sarah pulled them up once she had finished and washed her hands quickly to get back to Will.

Sarah smiled to herself as she passed the table the couple had been at, relieved to see they had now left. How embarrassing to be pee dancing in front of strangers in a restaurant because you could not wait to pee. Sarah was still hot and embarrassed but delighted to see Will was eating his meal as he winked at her as she returned to her seat.

‘Must have been a huge emergency honey to let your meal get cold like that? You ok?’

Sarah found her eyes welling up as she felt so embarrassed by her own actions. She spoke quietly, learning into Will to prevent anyone overhearing.

‘I was dripping piss into my pants Will. I’d been holding for hours. I was bursting in the car park at yours, held while cleaning the seat and driving here and I was absolutely desperate while you were talking. I couldn’t wait any longer.’

Will stopped eating and kissed Sarah lightly on the lips.

‘I know lovely. Now enjoy your meal. You have made me very happy already. I sure won’t forget this date.’

Will was still hard. His mind racing with images of Sarah peeing after holding so long. He finished his beer and enjoyed looking at Sarah lovingly as she ate her meal and drank her lemonade. He was in no hurry to leave right now as he would be unable to hide his erection standing up. He tried to think of boring thoughts but looking at a beautiful sexy woman who moments ago was squirming publicly as he watched was preventing his body from thinking anything but sexual thoughts.

This woman ticked all his boxes and so much more besides. He wanted to talk more but decided, for now, just to enjoy the moment of watching Sarah eat, wishing it wasn’t just food going in her moist lips but something else.

If only his mind could stop being so erotic for once!

*120*2020-07-25 11:51

{{1 hour ago, Rexone_312 said:

Why would or should his mind stop being so erotic. Isn't that the best thing about being with Sarah! You do know how to nail the sexual tension between the lovely couple. Eager to find out what happens next!

}}

To be fair I think most men have a lot of erotic thoughts...and as a female I confess I do too...more often when on this site or writing these chapters though

*121*2020-07-26 11:43

Chapter 51:

Sarah was so grateful her meal was still warm enough to enjoy. It was delicious so she devoured it eagerly and unashamedly despite being watched closely by Will. She couldn’t see under the table but by the sparkle in his eyes and the smile on his face, combined with the redness in his cheeks, Sarah was convinced that Will was very aroused. He’d teased her with his story, that he never did finish, and had watched her squirm on her seat then dance publicly in desperation and she knew all too well how much that turned him on. She could not deny that her own body was ready and prepared too due to the excitement of Will’s earlier wetting and her own long hold. She was wondering how much more prepared they both needed to be before the inevitable would happen. She wasn’t sure her body could wait through a movie or wether Will’s could either.

For now though she was keen to order a sweet. She rarely had pudding at home, acutely aware that she had a sedentary job and that her calorie intake should reflect that to maintain her weight. She was quite rounded already naturally though Will made her feel sexy and attractive regardless. This was a date, a treat, so she was going to indulge in whatever way she wished.

As soon as Sarah put her cutlery down Will once again placed her hand on the table and placed his on top. He loved the feel of Sarah’s skin and he longed to touch her in other places but for now the back of her hand was enough. Even that was sending waves of desire through him and he felt his penis twitching again.

‘Do you fancy a sweet my lovely?’

Sarah was glad Will asked. She licked her lips provocatively as she looked him in the eyes. His deep brown eyes were alight with passion and Sarah beamed with pride remembering how just a week ago Will found eye contact with her so difficult.

The same waitress from earlier came and gathered the plates and cutlery, smiling and apologising softly to Sarah for not having noticed her earlier. Sarah turned red and looked out the window, trying to forget about her undignified moment just twenty minutes previously. She wanted to forget all about it but Will squeezed her hand to comfort her.

Sarah was too embarrassed to speak but Will had been practicing and rose to the occasion.

‘Please may we see the sweet menu. Thank you.’

He was formal, but polite, and Sarah knew it was a rehearsed line, though the waitress had no need to know this.

‘Of course. I’ll be right back. Would you like any more drinks at all?’

Will ordered himself a second pint of beer and Sarah a second lemonade since she had just a quarter of her glass left.

As the waitress left Sarah remembered Will hadn’t finished his story which he had started before she left for the toilet and she really wanted to know more.

She cleared her throat, looked right at Will, smiling, her face bright and sparkling, as she encouraged him to tell her more.

‘So where were we Will? You were telling me about you needing something at work and finding yourself alone in a kitchen in the basement. What happened next honey? I’m very keen to hear more.’

She winked as she picked up her glass of lemonade and drank what was left of it before moving both glasses to the edge of the table for the waitress when she returned.

‘Oh yes. I forgot all about that! You left right at the point I was alone and struggling didn’t you. Imagine leaving me in that state. So yeah I was...em....struggling quite noticeably though thankfully alone behind a closed door. It was bad, very bad and I was getting more and more convinced time wasn’t on my side as I waited to hear the two people go past again so I could leave. It was quite an urgent matter now that needed dealt with instantly. Finally they passed and I waited eagerly as their voices disappeared before having the courage to open the door and find where I really needed to go.’

Will’s voice was low in volume but sexy and driving Sarah crazy with longing. The way he avoided any direct wording in relation to needed to pee served only to intensify and heighten things even more. She knew what he was referring to, as did he, but the ambiguity of the language drew them deeper together, locked in a personal secret known only to them, causing sparks between them that only they could feel.

Sarah had never felt so erotic, so intensely aroused over a meal in her life.

It was a relief to be interrupted again by the waitress as she brought back more drinks, plus the sweet menu and took away the empty glasses.

Sarah needed the breather, perhaps Will did too, though his eyes indicated he was eager and willing for so much more.

*123*2020-07-26 15:21

{{7 minutes ago, Rexone_312 said:

Oh! You're ever so naughty to leave us at such a cliffhanger!

}}

Just keeping my readers hooked lol

*124*2020-07-27 12:39

Chapter 52:

Sarah looked at the sweet menu and decided quickly what she wanted. Some sort of sports event was now playing on a large screen TV near the bar and the background noise was increasing to a point that Will could no longer whisper. Still Sarah longed to hear if Will ever found the gents at his work and the counsellor in her was desperate to know if he actually braved going in, though she was pretty sure he hadn’t actually managed to get relief since his earlier wetting that evening had been quite something. The stain removal spray, cloths and bowl from Will’s house were still in the passenger footwell of her car to remind them both of the event. Sarah was just thankful there was no visual reminder of her earlier public desperation other than their memories.

Will sipped at his second pint of beer as he read the sweet menu three times. So many things appealed to his sweet tooth but traditional apple crumble and custard seemed to jump out. Will wasn’t a fan of noise, crowds or sports so the build up of noise and people was making him nervous, and causing his erection to ease as his concentration on Sarah faded slightly.

Will looked at the bar and the increase in people and leaned over to talk to Sarah, having to raise his voice over a sudden cheer as whatever the event was suddenly started.

‘It’s getting nosier now. You still wanting a sweet or would you rather get something at the cinema?’

Sarah looked at the menu and cupped her hands over her mouth to help her voice travel across the table to Will.

‘Yes. If you are still ok? I want to finish my drink anyway, don’t you?

Will didn’t bother trying to talk back, choosing to acknowledge Sarah with a thumbs up instead.

Sarah noticed the waitress and waved her over choosing to point to both of their choices rather than try and shout over the noise. She wasn’t likely to hear any more of Will’s recount right now so she slipped her shoe off and rubbed her foot up his trousers leg instead to show him that she still fancied him very much and was enjoying being with him. Despite the noise and bustle her body was still every bit as aroused as before and through her thin flesh tights she enjoyed feeling the warmth and firmness of Will’s leg. Will seemed to enjoy it too as he reached down with one hand to feel her foot and massage it while smiling across at her. Sarah let her foot rest on Will’s knee while she drank some lemonade and watched as Will drank more of his beer, his eyes full of mischief and cheekiness. For all Will was often anxious and fearful at times Sarah could see he had a fun side too. She looked forward eagerly to exploring more of that side.

By the time the sweets arrived the noice had dulled slightly and Will had almost finished his second pint of beer. Will may not have been outwardly aroused but he was still loving Sarah’s company and thinking of things he would love to do with her. He knew he would have many happy times just replaying her earlier desperation in his mind.

Will ate his apple crumble and custard without taking his eyes off Sarah. She had the most beautiful sparkling eyes he had ever seen and though he ordinarily hated eye contact with Sarah it was so different. She could see right into his soul anytime she wanted. He had no issue being exposed in her presence.

Sarah could not help but tease Will as he watched her eat her chocolate ice cream sunday as she picked up the flake chocolate decoration and slid it in and out her mouth pretending it was clearly something else. Will winked and stuck his tongue out to lick the air as if licking something else. Sarah giggled like a school girl completely under Will’s spell.

As the waitress returned soon after to collect their plates Sarah finished her lemonade to add her empty glass to Will’s as she asked for the bill. It was her idea for the date and she was more than willing to pay just to have Will’s company. However when the bill arrived Will grabbed it and blew Sarah a kiss before standing and coming round to help her on with her coat and taking her hand like a gentleman to lead her out.

Now no longer erect and standing up straight Will had a slight urge to pee but put it down to the cold air which now filled the corner due to a draft from the front door. With people coming and going so much the door was hardly closed and the evening air was chilly now.

Will opened his wallet and took some notes out, rounding the bill to the nearest ten pounds and leaving the notes in the folder on the table as he had read was socially acceptable to do. He was proud of himself for having finally been to a restaurant, had a date with a girl and even ordered, all things he had never had the courage to do before.

Things were changing and it was all due to Sarah.

The night was still young yet though as he headed out to Sarah’s car hand in hand with his beautiful auburn queen.

The cold air sent a shiver through him as Sarah unlocked the car and they both climbed in, eager for the privacy and quiet again.

Sarah turned and kissed Will on the lips, tasting his pudding and beer and laughing as she did so.

‘So you up for the cinema now babe? Or have you had enough of me yet? I can drop you home anytime you like?’

Will wasn’t sure wether it was the beer talking or if Sarah had some sort of magic spell over him but before his mind could really object his voice answered quickly.

‘I’m definitely up for the cinema. Let’s go.’

&&

&&

&&

