The malicious commander!

Author: MikeB

*000*2024-12-15 12:11

In a army camp for soldier education was a very bad and sadistic commander and instructor.

He did love nothing more than to torture and to harass young men.

He had a lot of boys between 18 and 19 years available for his sadism.

One of his favorite torturing methods was that he didn’t let the boys piss for extreme long periods of time.

He did love to see the boys suffer about a painful urge to piss and about a hurting bladder overfilled to burst.

Pee holding is educational. A soldier has to be able to control his bodily needs how bad the needs ever will get, was his sadistic device.

It stated early in the morning at the morning sports.

The boys were waked up and had to be in three minutes at the yard. There was no time for a much needed piss, their bladders had to stay full!

It was already autumn and the mornings were pretty cool , but nevertheless had boys come only with their short sport shorts in the camp yard.

Their torso and their legs were nude and they were standing with bare feet at the cold yard ground, that increased their piss urge even more.

Each boy had a full bladder in his belly and for some of them was it a bad torture to make sport and exercises when his pisstank was overfilled.

The sadistic guy did like the imagination of so many full bladders in so many nearly naked boys and he loved the reality that they were all needing to piss more or less urgently.

Some had goosebumps on their naked thighs from being cold and from needing to piss so bad.

He had two favorite groups of boys for extra torture. One group was the very slim and skinny guys and the other group was the boys who could no more hide their urgently need to piss, boys who pressed their bare thighs and their knees together because of their very strong urge.

The sadistic instructor loved to extend sometimes the training time and went from the morning sports to another session where the young men had to lay with their abdomen flat on the ground.

They still had not been at the toilet, they had not pissed since the evening before.

They were lying on their swollen bladders, what increased their urge even more.

Some of the boys tried to avoid the extra pressure and made a gape between their bladder and the ground, but the sadist did especially watch about this.

At that situations he pressed with his heavy boot hard on the boys ass, to press his belly and his sometimes already bulging bladder hard against the ground and loved to torture the poor boy that way!

It happened sometimes that his short was getting a wet spot, when his bladder was too full and the external pressure was getting too much for him.

Then it was getting especially bad for the poor boy, he was getting punished for to piss without permission and was banned to piss for hours longer.

Some of the boys were then getting a special pee holding training and were not allowed to go to the toilet at the usual schedule. They had to skip one or two opportunities when the others could go for to piss.

Young, healthy soldiers have to be able to control their bladders and hold their piss as long as necessary, even if it lasts extremely long!!! That is the goal of the training and it is for joy and pleasure for the sadistic guy as well!!

*001*2025-02-02 11:37

Once there was a national sports competition for soldiers.

The evil commander took 20 of his best soldiers to the event. They had to go for 2 hours to a kind of stadium with a military truck.

When they arrived they had to go to a changing room where they could change their uniforms to a sport dress with shorts.

There were toilets, but the evil guy did let them close so that the boys couldn’t use them.

They had to go to the arena without to get a chance to piss before.

They were getting enough to drink to stay hydrated, they had a lunch at noon, but they didn’t get an opportunity to piss for the entire day, because the toilets kept closed for the joy of the commander.

All of them were needing to piss since noon and some of them since before noon.

It was hard for them to do the competition with a full bladder.

It was a torture for the boys and for their bladders to jump and to run with a bursting full bladder in the abdomen.

The bad commander did love to see the boys suffer from needing to piss so very urgently and to get their bladders tortured from the moves they had to do during their sporting activities.

He did love to see the young men standing with their naked legs crossed when they were waiting for their turn.

Late at the evening, when the event was over, they got something to eat and to drink, but they still didn’t get a chance for a much needed pee.

They had not pissed since early in the morning before they left and were already in agony and in pain.

Back in the changing room they were told to stay in their shorts for the ride home, they should take their uniforms in their bags and should go to the truck.

One of the boys reported that they had no chance to piss the entire day and that they were needing to go already very painful.

He was begging for to open the toilet before they were leaving.

The evil commander said that he doesn’t have a key and even if he would have one he wouldn’t open the toilets for them.

They should hold their weak bladders until they get allowed piss after arriving.

”A soldier have to be able to control his bodily needs even when his bladder is full to burst.

A soldier has to be able to hold his dirty piss back in his body for one day, or for longer if it is necessary.” said the guy with a loud voice.

He told them that he will control their shorts after arriving and if only one of the shorts will be wet he will punish them and teach them discipline.

The boys were desperate and in pain from needing to piss so bad.

Many of them were sitting with their bare legs tight knotted to resist the pressure in their bursting full bladders and to keep their shots dry.

The hard suspension of the truck and the potholes, were a extra torture for their painful overfilled bladders.

They were afraid of the punishment of the bad commander, therefore they were holding it with all their power.

Some of them squeezed their dick’s with their hands, to support their sphincter.

After 2 hours in agony, they were back to their barracks.

They had to come down of the truck and had to stand straight in row at the yard.

The boys were not allowed to piss since more than 15 hours, they were needing to piss so bad and so urgently that some of them couldn’t stand straight anymore.

Some were standing with rubbing knees and some with their naked legs thigh crossed.

The sadistic commander did love it to see that, he loved to see the boys suffer from “ pee urge pain “ and from a bladder near to exploding.

To see 20 young men standing in front of him with naked legs, 20 young bodies who were desperate to piss, because they had not pissed since over 15 hours, 20 boys who were holding a big painful overstretched bladder in their bellies and who were fighting against to piss themselves, made his penis hard and stiff in his uniform trousers, but he had to hide his horniness, he had to act like the strict commander and therefore he said ”It is such a shame to see you weak guys standing here like school girls who are near to wet their panties.

School girls are rubbing their knees and are crossing their legs when they need to piss, but not a healthy, good trained soldiers,

I see i have to teach you discipline, i have to train you to hold your piss minimum 24 hours in your bodies. That is it what a soldier should be able to do!

We will make a special bladder and pee holding training next week.”

The boys couldn’t believe what they heard and were afraid about the imagination.

The commander wanted to see them piss and therefore he told them to go just a few steps beside to the lawn to take a piss.

The frantic boys didn’t wait even one second, they pulled their shorts down to their knees, they showed their naked asses and their dicks and started to piss with high pressure endless long, with loud moaning.

On the way to their rooms said one of the boys “ will he really ban us 24 hours from pissing? I will not be able to endure this, my bladder was about to explode after just 16 hours.”

