TFA Prowl Desperation (Transformers)

Author: Mistress26

*000*2021-08-02 01:46

SInce I almost never see anything for Transformers on here (Maybe I'm not looking hard enough idk-), I've decided to add some and hope others do the same later. Hope y'all like the ninja man. This is only part one, there will be other parts later. (if I can remember to write them lol)

Prowl was always known for being one step ahead of everyone around him. He thought carefully and deliberately about everything. He always knew what he was doing, or at least could pretend. He was always at the top of his game and took steps to assure that he was.

But this came with a price. Sometimes he had to do things that were pretty uncomfortable.

Hence his current situation. Attempting to meditate with a very full waste tank. He knew that with certain bots around he had to work on focusing through distractions and there were no distractions bigger than internal ones. His tank was 83% full and his meditative pose was slightly more tense as he fought the urge to shift. But he pressed on, staying perfectly still and venting deeply.

He was watching his waste tank level on the corner of his hud. The ninjabot felt a shiver run through him as it ticked up another percent. He couldn’t help the downward quirk of his lips as he realized that perhaps he had bitten off slightly more than he could chew. His legs had started to tremble as he fought the urge to cross them.

Prowl struggled for a few more minutes before he realized he was biting his lip and decided that was enough. He didn’t want to risk embarrassing himself.

The dark mech slowly shifted, gasping as the movement caused the fluid inside him to shift as well. He got to his peds, thighs trembling as he tried not to cross them. He had to compose himself. He couldn’t let the others see him like this, especially not Bumblebee. The yellow nuisance would never let him live it down.

Prowl quickly walked out of his room towards the washracks, hoping that no one was in there, or in the hall leading to it. He didn’t want the shame of having to explain what he was doing. He moved as quickly as he could, practically running down the hall.

He came to the door but to his horror it was locked, and he could hear running solvent within that was doing nothing to help his predicament. His knees buckled inward and he squirmed on the spot before he could stop himself. He pressed his thighs together and knocked on the door.

“Just a minute!” Came a voice from inside, Bumblebee. Frag. Bumblebee was never “just a minute” in the washracks. For a mech known for impatience, he sure took his sweet time.

Prowled knocked harder on the door. “Open the door Bumblebee!” He said firmly. Not quite shouting yet, but he needed to be in there soon.

“Uhg- Keep your panels on Prowl, I’m almost done!” Bee yelled back.

Prowl wanted to keep knocking but didn’t want the other to know how desperate he was. So he growled to himself and pressed his thighs together tighter.

He didn’t want to cross his legs in case anyone came and saw, but the pressure was intense and he felt the trembles running up his backstrut as the urge increased. “Fragfragfragfragfrag-” He hissed under his breath as he saw his tank tick up to 89%. Getting up had made the number jump up, and he was paying for it. He didn’t think he had ever been this full.

Then he felt it.

A few drops leaked from him and he let out a surprised shout, legs twisting over each other as he shook with desperation. “Oh Primus…” He whispered to himself.

