Danganronpa Omo!

Author: MojiQue_Gal

*000*2023-06-18 04:01

Heya all you losers. This is THE Junko Enoshima. I may have interrupted your regularly scheduled programming from some dude who probably lives in his Mom's basment. Lucky you! You see all you fuckos, I got a special little game in store. A game that will bring people despair... for your enjoyment! So buckle up, and grab ya self some drinks. You're about to see some real piss stuff.

*002*2023-06-18 21:24

Chapter 0

Junk Doesn't Always Need To Be Thrown Out

Today's the day...

Makoto awoke in... his... bed? This isn't his bed. Where is his bed? He quickly sat up, dazed and disoriented. The view of the world clearing around him, he was back in Hope's Peak Academy. But that can't be right, he survived the killing game and escaped! Didn't he..?

He turned to the bed stand, noticing a note left next to a familiar bear statue, picking up the note and paying no mind to the object next to it, he began to read it to himself.

"Dear students of Hope's Peak Academy, due to an unfortunate error with your graduation, you are all being held back a year. Meet in the gymnasium for more information. Regards, Monokuma"

Monokuma... a name he didn't want to pay mind to. It obviously couldn't be the case.

Crumpling the note and throwing it back into the always held out hands of the bear statue, he got out of bed. Prepared for the worst, but hoping for the best.

He passed through the recognizable halls of the Dorm floor, exchanging glances with closed doors and open ones, he wondered how he even got in the situation in the first place. Lost in thought, Makoto doesn't even notice a door get thrown open, and he slams right into it.

Recovering quickly from the hit, he walks around the door, about to say something to the person inside, only to find... no one there..? He looks around confused, before he feels something press against his back, causing him to shiver. It's... a knife.

Not daring to glance behind him, Makoto faced straight forward, a cold sweat forming on his brow.

The person behind him spoke, it was a female voice. "Who are you?"

"I-I'm... Makoto Naegi. P-Please... remove the k-knife from my back..."

She scoffs, pocketing the knife and turning to leave, giving him a chance to look at her, she has a distinct red uniform, as well as long dark brown hair in two strands. She was someone he's never seen before. This was not like the original killing game, no, not at all.

A little shaken from the interaction, he continued to the gym, trying to ignore the sinking feeling in his stomach, and replace it with a bit of hopefulness for how things might turn out differently this time.

Entering the gym, he finds some new faces, as well as a few familiar ones. Noticing Aoi, Toko, Byakuya and Kyoko, he begins to head over to them to ask if they know what's going on, before he sees...

"S-Sayaka?"

He was obviously shocked, she... she had died! Hadn't she..?

"Makoto?" Hearing her name, Sayaka turned to him, seemingly very happy by his presence. "It's been so long!" She smiles, rushing up and hugging him.

He hugs back slowly, trying to not act strange, while hugging a girl who was supposed to be dead. In order to pull himself back into reality, he looks around the gym, it's design and decorations all too familiar to him, but something seems... off. There's another curtain on stage that wasn't there last time he was here.

Finally pulling away from the hug, Sayaka seems to think for a moment. "Wait... why are we here again? Didn't the killing game stop?"

Before Makoto has a chance to answer, the lights in the room dim, a spotlight being shined at the stage. The distinct sound of a loudspeaker turning on, before...

"Hey all you bastards out in the crowd! Put your Super Highschool Level hands together for the one, the only, Monokuma the bear!"

An applause sign turns on, no one claps. So clapping is played over the loudspeaker as well.

Monokuma, wearing a distinct yellow suit, flies in over the crowd, most likely hooked up to some kind of wire system, before the wire holding him up snaps, causing him to plummet to the stage. He lands on his feet however, and a microphone tossed from behind the curtain is snatched into his tiny paws.

"Hello students of Hope's Peak Academy!" He speaks into the microphone, his voice being broadcast loudly throughout the room. "And welcome, to a new semester at school! I'll be your headmaster, Monokuma. It is so nice to totally meet you all for the first time!"

He walks around the stage while talking to the crowd of annoyed, scared, and uninterested students.

"You are all here today for a very special edition of our show- I mean school year. Yes that's right, we're all taking a chance to look back on the... err... great students of our past. Welcome Hope's Peak Alumni!"

Several spotlights shine on people of the crowd, the members of the first killing game who have been brought back, including Makoto himself.

"But..." Monokuma continues, "We can't forget the students of our lovely foreign exchange program!"

The spotlights shift to new members of the school, none of which Makoto recognizes, though he could swear he's seen some of them before.

"And finally... the prodigies of our lovely sister school! Give it up for The Ultimate Academy Of Gifted Juveniles!"

The spotlights move again, lighting up people Makoto definitely doesn't recognize, and that strange girl with the knife.

"But, you don't wanna hear little old me, there's someone much more important here tonight."

Monokuma pauses for effect, waving his hand to signal whoever's running the speaker system to start a drumroll.

"Our School Superintendent... Lady Junko Enoshima!"

Shocked sounds come from the crowd, considering her death, as well as all the terrible actions she committed.

Smoke fills the stage, Monokuma moving to the side as a figure rises out of a trapdoor, the hairstyle giving her away, Junko is welcomed to the stage with canned applause.

The smoke clears, allowing a better look at her, she looks just like her normal self, though with a different outfit. Wearing a matching yellow jacket with Monokuma, as well as a black skirt, her hair dialed down slightly to make room for a tophat. She seems to be enjoying herself quite a bit.

"Heeeeeeeey bitches! I'm back!"

She cackles, another microphone tossed from off stage landing in her hand, with blood pink fingernails.

"Now I had a speech written up for this very event, but that's fucking boring. Let's go off the rails!" She stares out into the crowd. "So many faces I recognize, so many faces that are fun to torment."

Monokuma pipes up, somehow controlled separately, despite Junko being the mastermind.

"Yes! Welcome to a new and improved edition of the killing game!"

Junko laughs, "I'm sure even the dumbasses of the crowd now how it works by now. Murder, motive, trials, everyone dies blah blah blah! The explanation is so boooooring! Let's get to the fun! Enjoy your last day before the slaughter!"

Junko and Monokuma both walk off stage, snickering to themselves.

Unsure of how to respond when the lights come back on, most students stay in stunned silence, a few whispering amongst themselves if this is even real.

Coming back to his senses and with Sayaka having moved to a different part of the gym, Makoto walks to people he recognizes, being Kyoko, and... Chihiro? The two of them appear to be talking, possibly trying to figure out what is happening.

"H-Hey Kyoko and... uhh... Chihiro." Makoto awkwardly approaches them, unsure of how to even begin.

"Hello Makoto, and before you ask, Chihiro doesn't know why she came back."

Makoto nods, before realizing, wait... she? He glances at Chihiro, still wearing the skirt she wore in the first killing game, it appears even the dead can change things about their identity. Not like he isn't supportive.

"I... a-assume we are going to investigate for a way out..?" Chihiro asks quietly... fiddling with her jacket.

"That would be the best course of action at the moment." Kyoko replies, noticing, but not mentioning the nervous fidgeting of Chihiro.

They agree, so they begin to wander around the area by the gym. Taking note of the normal lack of windows, and the singular bathroom. Makoto notices Chihiro nervously glance at the door every time they walk past it, but can't really put two and two together as to why.

After doing so for almost an hour, and finding nothing, the group of three decide to take a break by the gym. With Chihiro clearly uncomfortable for some reason, which Kyoko suspects she knows why, and is going to try and make an excuse for Chihiro's sake.

"Hey Makoto, we have been searching for quite a while, maybe we should stop by the restrooms to rejuvenate ourselves?" Kyoko asks, acting nonchalant.

"Oh yeah! That is a pretty good idea." He replies, not noticing the way Chihiro's eyes light up at the mention of the bathroom.

They head over there, Makoto waiting outside as Chihiro and Kyoko enter the bathroom. Before he hears something...

"AHHHHHHH!"

It sounds like... a scream? Coming from inside the bathroom, he rushes inside, to find Kyoko frozen in place, and Chihiro fallen backwards on the ground, a puddle forming under her. He looks to see where both of them are staring, a closed stall door. He slowly opens it and...

Junko. She's... dead. On the toilet, a knife ran through her, and her head bloodied and bruised.

The body discovery alert rings out.

*003*2023-06-20 02:25

Chapter 1

Let's Start The Real Show

With not even a moment to breathe, Monokuma appears out of nowhere, shoving a Monokuma file into the hands of Makoto.

"W-Wait! T-The mastermind just got killed! D-Don't you have anything to say about that!?" Makoto asks, clearly stressed about the whole situation.

Monokuma tilts his head, seemingly confused, "Huh? Why would this be any different than another one of you bastards getting offed? She was part of the game just like any of you, this doesn't change anything!"

He seems a bit annoyed now, "Duh!!! It's a killing game! There's killing in it! I'd think even the dumbest person here woulda figured that out by now!"

He walks back out of the bathroom, muttering to himself about how he should've brought back the girl from the shooter game instead. Not paying him any mind, Makoto turns back to Kyoko, who's helping Chihiro back up off the ground.

"Are you alright Chihiro?" Kyoko asks, getting her to her feet.

"Y-Yeah... I'm alright. Just a bit... embarrassed is all..." She looks down at the puddle on the ground, frowning, before looking back up. "A-Are we the ones investigating the c-crime scene then?"

"Yes I suppose that is the case..." Kyoko looks back into the stall.

"We should probably check out the Monokuma file first." Makoto replies, turning it on.

Monokuma File

Victim: Junko Enoshima

Time Of Death: 4:03 p.m.

Makoto thinks to himself... "4:03? That's only three minutes after she left the stage with Monokuma..."

The body was discovered in the 1B Girl's Restroom

Cause of death: Internal hemorrhaging from stab wound, as well as blunt force trauma

"Well... that's all the information we're gonna be getting out of this thing. It's time for some actual investigating." Makoto pockets the file, before working with Kyoko and Chihiro to start searching the bathroom.

As they start, another girl walks into the bathroom seemingly planning to use it, one none of them recognize.

"H-Hey... sorry... I... wouldn't recommend you being in here at the moment..." Chihiro quietly tells her.

The girl tilts her head, her silver white hair hanging down, crossing her arms, she asks, "Is there any reason why I can't use the only girl's restroom in the building?" She pushes up her glasses, trying to remain polite.

"The body was... discovered in here..." Kyoko peeks her head out from behind the stall door, answering the girl's question.

"Oh... alright then." The girl very quickly leaves, clearly uncomfortable with the situation, and maybe uncomfortable for another reason.

Kyoko returns to searching the stall, finding scratch marks and dents all over the walls of it, seemingly signs of a struggle. She looks down, the way Junko is slumped over seems to imply she was already on the toilet when she died, in the process of using it, this doesn't bode well for Kyoko's own needs, as thinking of herself in this situation sends shivers down her spine.

She averts her gaze from the body. Before noticing something strange, the toilet paper is all cut up, but not like it was being used, it's cut into slits, not like a knife... more like-

"Hey Kyoko! Come over here!"

Her thoughts are interrupted by Makoto calling to her from one of the other stalls, he seems to have found something.

Walking out of the stall, she notices Chihiro checking to see if there's anything behind the mirrors, she hasn't found anything so far, moving into the stall Makoto is in, she follows where he's looking.

There's a pair of ornate scissors, half flushed down the toilet.

"Those look like... Toko's scissors... right?" Makoto asks her, trying to confirm.

"Yes they do... perhaps the knife was inserted post mortem?" She looks back up at him.

"Well we can't just be suspecting our friends like that... even if these are here. We should ask her about it." Makoto replies, fishing the scissors out of the toilet while plugging his nose.

Before they can continue their conversation however, another person opens the bathroom door, still not someone they recognize

Chihiro quickly goes over to try and talk them out of using it, but they push past her, only to find...

"W-What the hell!? Why is there a corpse on the fucking toilet!?" The girl screams, somehow sounding more annoyed than scared.

Makoto and Kyoko quickly leaves the other stall to try and talk her down.

"Sorry, but the bathroom is kinda... out of order at the moment." Makoto looks at the girl, she has long pinkish-blonde hair, with comes into several points, and is wearing a pink uniform and some kind of googles on her head.

"Yeah, no shit Sherlock. It doesn't take a genius to figure that out, even if I am one. We're you and flatty over there having sex in the stall?" She seems rather abrasive, "Or were you tryin' to sneak peeks at girls pissing?"

"N-No I-" Makoto gets embarrassed, trying to defend himself.

"It doesn't matter anyway. Your pervy ass is gonna see a lot of pee today if the only bathroom stays a crime scene." The girl scoffs, "Miu Iruma by the way, not like you're gonna be screaming it tonight or anything."

Miu heads back out of the bathroom with a huff, leaving the people still inside confused, and a bit embarrassed from the interaction.

"S-Sorry guys... I couldn't stop her." Chihiro says quietly, "B-But! I did find something."

She leads them over to a tile in the corner that seems loose, and she pulls it off, revealing a hidden camera.

"There's a camera in here!" Chihiro exclaims, proud that she found something.

"Eww... there's a camera in here..." Kyoko follows with, grossed out by the idea of someone watching them use the bathroom.

Reaching into the hole in the wall, Makoto pulls the camera out, which appears to still be recording based on the light being on. They don't have a way to check it at the moment though, because it needs to be hooked up to a laptop to play back video.

"Maybe it has a recording of the crime?" Makoto suggests.

"That would make sense..." Chihiro continues, "I m-met someone here, she's really good with cameras, maybe we could ask her about it?"

Before they get the chance however, the alert for the Class Trial rings out through the academy, calling everyone to be there.

"I guess we won't have time to." Makoto sighs, "But I'm sure we have enough evidence to figure this out."

The three of them leave the restroom, joining everyone else in the elevator, which seems much more crowded than usual. Seemingly because of the three different groups attending this time.

Makoto looks around the elevator, seeing the two girls who entered the bathroom during the investigation, they seems slightly antsy, most likely because they never got the chance to actually use the bathroom.

The elevator opens up to a room that seems very similar to Makoto's first ever Class Trial, though it's a bit bigger to fit more people. Monkuma on the far end in his normal throne.

"Let's begin with a basic explanation of the class trial! So, your votes will determine the... Eh, y'know what? Basically all of you bastards know what the deal is by now, so let's cut the crap. Let the class trial... begin!"

Several different people begin talking at once, trying to convey their innocence, before Monokuma cuts them all off.

"Wait just a moment! Sorry kids, no talking over eachother! Do you know how rude that is? Besides, we want our readers to actually know what you're saying!"

"Readers..?" Aoi asks, confused.

"Anyway, let the class trial truly begin!" Monokuma bangs his gavel.

"Well... it seems like it would be best to take things one at a time." Makoto starts, "Figure out what everyone was doing right after the stage show."

"Hmm... well... Me and Kaede were working on one of my magic tricks..." Replies a girl with red hair and a witch's hat.

"W-Well I saw photo bitch over there leave the gym!" Miu accuses, shifting slightly from foot to foot.

"W-What? I... have a name you know... it's Mahiru. And I didn't do it! I was just... going back to my room..." She retorts, taken aback by the accusation.

"I-I never le-left the gym after w-we got here..." Toko adds.

Suddenly, Makoto realizes something is amiss about that last statement.

"No, that's wrong!"

Monkuma claps his hands, "Ooo! He said the line! Things are about to get exciting!"

"You couldn't have been in the gym the entire time, because I found one of your scissors flushed partially down the toilet." Makoto continues.

"Wh-What? What does t-that have to do wi-with this?" She seems rather nervous.

"Because the scene of the crime, was the girl's bathroom!"

Toko recoils back a bit in shock, becoming very stressed, but then she lets out a quiet sneeze, she quickly recovers and seems a lot more confident, a long tounge unfurling out of her mouth.

"Of course I didn't do it you dumbasses! I would never be stupid enough to leave my scissors at the scene of the crime. They're still right here on my leg!" She reaches down, pulling up one side of her skirt to reveal a holster on her thigh, but it only has one pair of scissors in it. "Huh!? Who stole my scissors!?"

"W-Wait a sec! Are we not going to talk about that complete 180°?" A boy with short hair and a hat asks.

"W-We might actually be able to confirm that... you see... we found a camera in the bathroom." Chihiro adds, showing the camera.

Monokuma quickly snatches it, setting it up to play on a screen.

"A camera at the crime scene? Puhuhuhu, even more private footage! ...Huh? Hey! This stupid thing was off the whole time!!!" He complains, the feed cutting out a few minutes before the murder.

"So whoever did it must have known about the secret camera..." The girl with the silver hair thinks outloud, swaying slightly from side to side.

After the crime is over, the camera feed turns back on, showing the discovery of the body by Chihiro, and her subsequent accident. Monokuma and Miu laugh at the recording.

"H-Haha! What are ya t-three?" Miu laughs, before gasping, pressing her legs together.

Chihiro mutters under her breath, "S-Seems like I'm not the only one..."

"What happened after doesn't matter, we have to figure out who placed the camera there." Kyoko continues.

"Well... Mahiru knows how to use cameras." A girl in a punk rock outfit suggests.

Mahiru starts to sweat, "J-Just because I know how to u-use a camera doesn't m-mean I'd put one in t-the girl's restroom!"

"Actually..." A girl in a maid outfit speaks up, "I may have something to add. You see, as the resident maid I took the time to clean some of the common areas before the preformance in the gym. That includes the women's bathroom, there was no camera in there when I tidied, and I only saw one person enter the bathroom after I was done before I entered the gym, and that was Mahiru."

Monokuma glints his teeth at Mahiru, "You know the rules about perverts in the halls of this school... Keep it in your rooms!"

Mahiru tugs at her collar, before sighing, "A-Alright, alright! I put the camera in there... b-but that doesn't mean I'm the murderer! Just b-becasue I'm weird doesn't mean I would kill someone!"

"Then who disabled the camera?" Asks a boy with white hair, his voice sounding surprisingly similar to Makoto's.

Miu shifts back and forth as she talks, "W-Well I can invent stuff that disables t-tech... but I don't have a-any of my tools here!"

"Well... actually. I think you guys are all stupid! It should be obvious who it is! It's Maki!" A short boy with messy hair and a gremlin like energy points to the girl who Makoto almost got stabbed by earlier today. "Afterall it's her knife that was found in the corpse!"

Maki glares at him, before pulling out her knife, showing it to everyone, it is in fact, not the knife in the corpse.

"Aw darn... I was hoping me lying would get you to confess." He seems slightly annoyed.

"Wait... we shouldn't lie during a class trial! We don't want to get it wrong..." A girl with blonde hair and a musical note hairpin argues.

"Hey shit for brains! We still haven't figured out who stole my scissors!" Toko, better known as Genocide Jill adds.

Just then, the proceedings are interrupted by a loud whine, everyone turning to see what it was, they all see Miu, her hands dug deep into her crotch, and a bit of liquid dribbling down her legs. "Ah! Ah! I'm l-leaking!"

Monokuma laughs, "You should've used the bathroom before the trial idiot!"

Miu snaps back, pee still running down her legs, "You mean the one with a corpse in it you stupid panda!?"

"Whaddya mean corpse?" A voice asks from outside the circle, everyone turns to see Junko, her forehead covered in fake blood and a trick knife in her hand. "Man, then what I just did in that bathroom musta been necrophilia!"

*004*2023-06-20 21:08

Chapter 2

What The Hell

"J-Junko? But you're-" Makoto gets cut off.

"Dead? Yeah, I sure seem to die a lot." She counts on her fingers, "What was it one, two... three? Three times now? Well, third time's the charm and all that crap."

Junko walks up to the the podiums, shoving Miu out of the way and taking her spot. "Man! I can't believe all you dumbasses actually fell for it! Did you really think I'd let myself be the victim of my own game?"

"B-But I... I f-found your corpse!" Chihiro shakes a bit as she speaks, clearly terrified of Junko.

"Yeah, great job pissing yourself by the way... and you! Pervert girl" She points at Miu, laughing slightly. She puts her hands over her crotch, making an over the top moaning voice. "Ahhhhh~! Ahhhh~! I'm leeeeeeeaking~!" She cackles, "You're hilarious!"

Miu looks away, clearly embarrassed enough to not even provide a comeback.

"Dawww... is poor little baby too embarrassed to provide a comeback? Do ya need your diaper changed?" Junko is really tearing into Miu.

"Wait a second..." Maki thinks out loud, "So you faked your own demise?"

She takes a break from making fun of Miu to turn to Maki, "Yeah! Duh-doy!" She taps the side of her head, like she could've never thought of that. "You see the fake blood on my head right? You see the trick knife? If I didn't know any better I'd say you're completely blind!"

Monokuma laughs, "Of course she did! Lady Junko would never let herself get killed! Especially since this isn't even a real killing game!" He realizes what he said, putting his paws over his mouth, he speaks sarcastically, "Oopsie! I wasn't supposed to reveal that yet..."

The girl with the red hair and the magician's hat seems slightly suprised, "Not even a real killing game..?"

Junko glares at Monokuma jokingly, almost laughing as she tries to act angry, "Dammit Monokuma! snicker You weren't supposed to tell them yet!"

"Wait... if this isn't even a real killing game... why the hell did you bring us here then!?" Genocide Jill points her pair of scissors at Junko.

"Hey hey! No need for violence! Keep it off of school grounds." Monokuma extends one of his claws.

"Well... since you all found me out anyway... I might as well get the boooring explanation over with..." Junko sighs heavily. "Just kidding! Monokuma! You explain it for me!" She laughs as she runs off, opening Miu's spot back up.

Monokuma smiles, pressing a button on the side of his chair that launches him up, landing him on a stage that of course has to exist, because it always does. A distinct black and white microphone is thrown from off stage, as a curtain descends and ascends, putting Monokuma back in his strange yellow suit.

"Welcome! Welcome! Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, and of course, bears. To the explanation behind your new and improved despair experience!" Monokuma puts on an over the top, almost gameshow like voice. "This all expenses paid game is only possible thanks to our sponsor, Raid Shadow- I mean, Despair.Inc! It's not suffering, unless it's from Despair.Inc."

A curtain rises behind him, showing off some sort of leader board with everyone's names on it. Currently, both Chihiro and Miu have one red line next to their name's and pictures.

"The great lady Junko would like to introduce you... to the despair-ation game! Hope not included." Canned applause plays alongside the introduction. "It's quite a simple game, where everyone always loses!"

Instructions appear on the board, featuring crude drawings of some of the students, as Monokuma talks. "Basically, everyday, the leader board updates with tally marks next to each person's name depending on actions taken throughout the day. Red tally marks, show how many times a student has wet themselves, whether or not anyone actually saw it happen, and will lower your score, as well as provide an embarrassing reminder of their lack of control. As we can see, two students already have one red tally, so they currently have negative one points."

A poorly drawn Junko appears on the instructions, with two green tally marks next to her. "Now green tally marks, those raise your score by one. And shows that a student has taken action to purposefully screw over another student into wetting themselves, how deliciously evil! These marks are the only way to earn Despair-Coins, which can be traded in to Monodam in the Gym for prizes, such as..."

The drawing of Junko turns into a question mark, "Striking your name from the leader board for a few days! Allowing you to avoid embarrassment and ridicule from your fellow students. Other prizes can also be found by checking the prize counter in the gym."

A voice shouts from the crowd of people, "And what if we don't play your stupid game!?"

Monokuma smiles, a malicious glint in his red eye, "Well... playing this stupid game is the only way to leave! As for the low low price of only one hundred Despair-Coins, you can buy your own freedom and escape! Isn't that fun?"

Most of the students begin to nervously glance between eachother, none of them particularly want this, but it's definitely better than another killing game.

Junko walks out on stage to join Monokuma, the fake blood on her cleaned up, "Yes yes! That is the case. Isn't it soooo much better than those boring old kills? This way I can squeeze as much despair outta each one of you as possible!"

Monokuma and Junko laugh together, the leader board retracting into the ceiling. Junko continues, "From now on the leader board will be located in the gym, so Merry Christmas to the people in the audience with a piss fetish. Lookin' at you Mahiru! Also! You're my cameraman now! So report to the gym at 6:30 tomorrow on the dot! You wouldn't want to disappoint your darling Junko now would you?"

Mahiru seems taken aback, but nods her head quietly, she doesn't want anything bad to happen.

"That is all for today you bastards! It's way past curfew, all of you, back to your rooms!" Monokuma shouts, the elevator door opening back up. People slowly filing out of the class trial room, most worried, but a few excited for what's to come.

(Guys I promise there'll be actual piss stuff in the next chapter I just really needed the setup okay bye)

*006*2023-06-21 19:51

Chapter 3

Quite The Embarrassing Evening

(Finally some actual desperation stuff, kept ya waiting huh?)

With the trial being over and the true game revealed, everyone was told to return to their rooms. Keeping an elegant air about her, even in the face of possible embarrassment is something Celestia was good at, so she made her way into the elevator.

After it took all of them back up to the Dorm floor, she thought it'd be a good idea to use the restroom before bed, after all, it's not like she has her chamber pot here. Well, she didn't have one at all, but shes not going to say that.

Walking to the bathroom door, she finds a sign featuring a Monokuma in a hard hat, it reading, "Sorry! Currently closed for repairs." That makes sense, considering it was the area where the fake crime scene took place.

She can always wait until morning, after all, she is definitely royalty. Returning to her room, she places her clothes from the day neatly onto the table, pulling out a plain white nightgown from the closet and slipping it on.

She sits down on the end of the bed, the change in position making her bladder let her know it wants to be emptied. It's not like she can't control her needs, she definitely has a strong bladder and doesn't still wet the bed, definitely.

"Wait a moment... why am I assuring myself? There's nothing to be worried about..." Celestia mutters under her breath, a bit annoyed at how she's acting like a little girl who can't keep herself together.

She lays down, ready for another night of restless sleep, and possibly some issues down the line.

Waking up some time later, there's no light to know, she feels herself a lot fuller than before, but not unbearably so, she turns to her left, checking the clock on the nightstand.

"I-It's only 1 a.m..? Well... I'm... sure I can wait until morning..." She assures herself once again, her body having none of it. A pang from her bladder brings her back to the situation at hand, and wakes her up, it seems she won't be getting any sleep tonight.

Sitting back up with a newfound urgency to her predicament, she decides laying down might not be the best idea at the moment. She frowns at herself, realizing how childish she's acting. "I mustn't stress myself about this... issue... it's just a little annoying. N-Nothing more..."

She waits for a few minutes, forcing herself to try and become sleepy, it's not really working. Sighing, she decides to just stay up, "The time will pass quickly..." She whispers.

After sitting on her bed for a while, she decides to check the time. "O-Only 1:10..? Oh... umm... I'm still quite alright aren't I? It isn't like I'm b-b-bursting or anything..." She has trouble saying bursting, as the word is embarrassing to her.

Celestia decides to stand up and pace for a bit, hoping it'll take her mind off things, no matter how unladylike she feels while doing so. Walking in circles around her room is helping calm her nerves, but is doing nothing to help the feeling in her lower abdomen.

Stopping in front of the mirror across from her bed, she notices how messed up her hair looks, as she has always had very bad bedhead. She could always use fixing her hair as a lengthy distraction, perhaps this is a good thing.

She retrieves her hairbrush and sits down in a chair, the change in position eliciting a cry from her bladder, which she ignores. Trying to keep herself elegant, she crosses her legs loosely as she styles her hair. The long black strands take a while to get under control, and as she does, she doesnt notice the fact that her leg is bouncing quite a bit.

Finishing the process and standing up again, she feels another pang of desperation, this one a fair bit harder to ignore, she rubs her legs together for a moment, before returning to her nightstand to check the time.

"1:43... t-that's... well... that's better than before..." Celestia mutters quietly, keeping her voice down in case anyone can hear her.

She glances around the room again, trying to find another distraction, her posture slipping ever so slightly. Which she quickly corrects, even to her own detriment. Strutting as best she can in her current state, she makes her way back to the mirror, trying to see if there's anything else she could fix about herself.

Noticing nothing, she sighs, before quickly standing back up straight, "N-No... there is nothing to sigh about. I a-am perfectly fine."

She turns to head back to bed, before noticing how some of her clothes are not folded correctly, another distraction, that will work.

Walking slightly stiffly over to her clothes, she sits down cross-legged on the ground, her bladder giving her another little jolt of pressure. She whispers, "At least it's k-keeping me awake..."

She begins the slow process of folding her clothes, the constant leaning back and forth doing nothing to help her growing fullness.

After about half an hour of folding, she's finally done, she sighs, this time not even correcting herself, and stands up. Another change in position, another pang from her bladder, this one almost impossible to ignore, she leans forward a bit, rubbing her thighs together.

"I... m-maybe the bathroom is fixed by now..." She hopes to herself, walking slowly towards the door of her room.

Taking ginger steps, she quietly opens the door, trying to make sure no one hears her. Celestia creeps down the hall, her legs pressed together and her breathing almost silent. She is having some trouble staying composed, even if no one's around. She really should've invested in a real chamber pot, not like she could bring it here anyway.

Finally she reaches the bathroom door, not daring to look if the sign is still there, she reaches towards the handle, hoping, no, needing it to open. Before she can though, she hears a voice behind her.

"H-Hey Celestia." She jumps and turns around, standing up straight, being met with the silhouette of Chihiro standing in the darkness.

"G-G-Greetings Chihiro." She replies, trying to calm her racing heart and trembling knees, "I was j-just... umm... taking a l-look around! Yes t-that's it... just... l-looking around..."

Chihiro tilts her head, "A-Are you feeling okay? You seem a bit... j-jumpy..." She is slightly concerned about Celestia.

Celestia laughs quietly, sounding a bit forced, "M-Me? Jumpy? I'm f-feeling quite alright..." Her body language is very tense, begging Chihiro to leave.

Chihiro glances to the side, "W-Well... okay. But let me know if you need a-anything." She waves as she returns to her room.

Celestia let's out a sigh of relief, now she just has to finally use the bathroom. She tries the handle and... it's still locked. Oh God it's still locked.

Her body goes into panic mode, a wave of desperation coursing through her veins as she let's out a quiet whine, she needs to find an alternative, and fast.

She shuffles around in the dark, feeling her way down the halls as she tries to find some other place to go. Her body is telling her that if she doesn't go now, it's going to do it for her.

She stumbles through the doors of the gym, and notices a trashcan in the corner. It's so unrefined, but at this point, she doesn't care anymore. Rushing over to it, she hikes up her nightgown, pulling her panties to the side, and sits down on the trashcan.

The crinkles of the plastic drown out the hissing of her urine, her head falling back in relief. She covers her mouth to not make any noise as she finally let's out the pent up liquid. After a minute or so, her stream slows down, and finally stops. She leans forward again, her breathing uneven.

Looking down into the bin, she sees her own pee staring back at her, clearing her throat to calm herself down, she pulls her panties back in place.

Gazing back up, she notices the leaderboard, brightly lit up on the screen above the stage, her name and picture moving to the top, alongside Miu and Chihiro, gaining a red tally mark.

She stands back up, a bit embarrassed, and walks over to the prize counter in the corner where Monodam is sitting.

"HELLO, WOULD YOU LIKE TO-" She cuts him off.

"How much to get my name removed from the leaderboard?" She demands.

"ONE DESPAIR-COIN PER DAY." He replies.

She turns away, leaving him alone, returning to her room, she starts formulating a plan for tomorrow. No one will know of what happened here tonight, and she's going to make sure of if.

*007*2023-07-02 00:00

Terribly sorry about the delay! I was out of town for the past week so I haven't had the chance to write. A new chapter will be releasing today or tomorrow!

*009*2023-09-18 20:18

{{On 7/26/2023 at 10:02 PM, 4n0n said:

You lie...

}}

Man I am really behind on this ain't I? I've just been super busy lately. Sorry! But I guess you could say... the wait is despair inducing..? Eh..? Anyway, sorry. Just, haven't done much.

*012*2023-10-17 22:33

I only need approximately 3 more hours buddy.

*013*2023-10-18 00:24

Chapter 4

Despair-ation Incarnete

(A shorter chapter to get back into the swing of things, I may or may not have lost the original and had to rewrite it)

Junko is sleeping peacefully, quite unlike her awake self. Cuddling her Monokuma plush that she sells for hilariously marked up prices on her merch store. Dreaming of war crimes, pissing, and tax evasion. When suddenly...

"Lady Junko! Lady Junko! I have despair inducing news!" Monokuma (plush only $59.99) bursts in, hopping up on Junko's nightstand.

"Ah! Fuck!" She jolts up, slamming her head into the light she has just low enough to be awkward. "God dammit Monokuma! What reason could you have to wake me up at THREE IN THE FUCKIN' MORNING!?"

"Puhuhuhu! It's not 'three in the fuckin' morning' Ladt Junko! It's only two-well, two thirty-in the fuckin' morning!" He giggles, before remembering why he came in here. "Anyway... look!"

Her gaze drifts from her Monokuma alarm clock (hey gotta keep up that branding) to the miniature leaderboard she keeps in her room. Which causes her to start laughing maniacally when she sees it.

"Ha ha... ha... Celestia pissed herself already? I knew a prim and proper bitch like her wouldn't last long in a place like this." She throws off her... once again... Monokuma brand covers. Before leaping out of bed, revealing her normal nightly wear of no top and panties with the word "despair" written across the ass.

"Oh wow Lady Junko... you're quite a whore!" Monokuma swoons, enraptured by his creator. Hey wise guy, cut it with the weird stuff, there could be kids reading this fetish story on an 18+ website!

"That is quite true narrator!" Monokuma pipes in because this entire place isn't meta enough already.

Junko wraps her Monokuma branded blanket around herself like a cape. "To the Mastermind's room!" After a series of funny gags and slapstick, Junko spins around in her mastermind chair to look at the cameras in everyone's rooms. As well as the bathrooms... of course.

"Ooo a live feed of the toilets... what a lovely addition Lady Junko!" Monokuma stares at the live feed, there's obviously no one there at the moment, it's two in the morning and also locked.

"Fuck off Mono-cum-a!" She shoves him out of the way. "There's no one even in there ya dumbass bear!"

Junko flipped through cameras, Monokuma making several FNaF references because the author of this story is an unimaginative hack. Before setting her sights on a single person...

"Bingo." Her sneer slowly grew to an ear to ear grin. "We have our next target."

Monokuma hops up onto the desk to observe as well. "Are you sure he's the right choice Lady Junko?"

"Oh on the contrary... I think it's a shitty idea. But who am I to prevent a bit of chaos from being thrown into the mix?" She replies, the computer screen being purposefully obscured to build suspense.

Whipping back around in her chair, Junko let's her blanket cape trail behind her as she walks back out of the Mastermind's Room, and returns to her own bedroom, prepared for tomorrow.

Laying back down, she cuddled once again with her expensive plushie, and said her last words for the night. "I'm gonna have a fuckin' field day tomorrow." Before falling asleep.

Despite having only 4 lines pass, the author has now hit writers block, so it's time to reveal the person on that camera. None other than... Kokichi Oma.

I hope you're ready for some male omo.

