Qingque's Conundrum (Honkai: Star Rail)

Author: mr.mittens

*000*2024-11-04 06:47

Preface: SKIP IF YOU JUST WANT STORY!!!: Hi! I've been a long time lurker for many years and I decided to try my hand at story telling. That and the severe lack of honkai star rail fiction made me decide that if you want something done, you have to do it yourself :). I am by no means a writer so fair warning this might not be a great read but I pinky promise I tried. If you have any criticism/and or feedback please leave it I'm happy to read it all. Enjoy!

STORY:

Qingque found herself seated and sipping on a nice scalegorge spring water. She was currently practicing her perfected method of avoiding her work at the divination commission. Today's hiding spot was the exalting sanctum, more specifically a tucked away table at the games parlor. From here one could comfortably watch a number of approaches from which a certain master diviner might appear and drag her back to work. On top of this it was simply a nice and comfortable spot where you could find some peace and quiet on the bustling luofu.

There was no particular plan today for the celestial jade master as she finished her drink. Normally she would pass the time with a game but her usual opponents all had other plans and that left her alone at her table. She sighed as she got up to buy another beverage and let her mind work. She decided that today would be spent planning future work avoidance strategies. The art of doing the least amount as possible actually had a lot of preparation beforehand that her superiors just never seemed to understand.

Returning to the table qingque opened her drink and took a big swig. While originally these spring waters haven't been her favorite they had grown on her and this was her third one of the day. Placing the drink down she put her elbows on the table and held her head in her hands. Thinking pose achieved, she began to let her mind work it's magic. Over the next hour she catalogs all her potential hiding spots and their viability based on a number of factors. Qingque wasn't dumb or lazy, (well you could call her lazy), but when she used her mind for something she liked she could be surprisingly productive.

It was during this thought session when a familiar feeling drew her back to reality. There was a light pressure in her abdomen as her body kindly informed her that she needed to pee. Qingque guaged that her bladder was probably at a 6/10. She was no stranger to this sensation tugging at her. There were many times where she ended a celestial jade game squirming under the table and on a few occasions pressing a hand down there to help hold. Being the best slacker on the xianxhou luofu also extended to her decision on when to head to the bathroom. There was only so much time in a day, why use it heading to a bathroom when you could still hold it?

Letting her legs come together under the table, qingque decided she still had plenty of time and put off a bathroom trip. It was while making this decision that she noticed that she hadn't finished her drink from before and that it sat still half full. A voice on her shoulder told her she shouldn't drink the rest of it considering her current condition. However a louder voice on the other shoulder reminded her that her work ethic at the divination commision didn't lead to many performance bonuses and money wasn't an infinite commodity for her to not finish things she bought. Siding with the latter voice, she grabbed the drink and chugged the rest of it in one go. Her bladder sent a slight protest at this gesture but she ignored it and mentally shelved the warning. Resuming her thinking posture, her mind returned to the previous task.

30 minutes later and there was a growing problem. Rubbing her thighs together was no longer enough and her left leg went up and down at a steady tap. Qingque let out a hiss through her teeth as she evaluated her situation. Her need had increased to about an 8/10 in the previous half hour and it was impossible to focus on anything else at this point. While she wanted to continue sitting in her corner and procrastinate her bladder made a persuasive argument that she couldn't refute. Having finally decided to listen to her body qingque stood up and immediately froze in place. This was for two reasons, one being that in standing her need had jumped to a 9/10 in an instant. And the second being that from her seat nestled in the corner she made out a figure in the distance that shot fear into every corner of her body. It was her boss, Fu Xuan. Qingque quickly sat back down and picked up a piece of paper a previously occupant of the table had left behind to hide behind.

Why was the master diviner here? Using one hand for her paper shield she used her other to grab her phone and check the time. She had successfully slacked off past her shift time today by a good hour, so her boss had no reason to look for her. Or maybe she knew she had skipped work and had come to scold her? But how would she know she was here? And how woul...

"Ah"

A gasp escaped qingques mouth as she felt her bladder descend. She quickly let the phone drop to the table as she shoved the hand holding it into her crotch. Crossing her legs and leaning forward allowed her to stop her pee from coming out but she still took a few seconds to rock back and forth on the chair. Sitting back down had helped a little but her bosses sudden appearance had stressed qingque out, balancing her bladder back to a 9/10.

Qingques mind raced at a thousand miles. She knew she was in a very precarious situation and getting out of it would require a good plan. Unfortunately for her the state of her bladder didn't leave her with many options. The easiest thing to do would be to hide behind her paper and wait her boss out. But she didn't know how long Fu Xuan would be out there, or why she was out there.

"Mmm, ah"

Even with her legs crossed and a hand for support she felt like a leak was imminent. Whimpering, qingque dared to peak over the paper divider she had constructed to ascertain where the threat had moved. Fu Xuan was moving away from the parlor but was still too close for comfort. If she stood up now there was a chance she would be spotted.

"Why today of all days?"

Qingque voiced her frustration aloud. She was fortunate in one way in that the parlor was practically deserted today. The only other customers being across the room, occupied, and ignorant to her plight. This semi privacy allowed qingque some leeway for which she was grateful.

"Mmn... ah..nooo!"

Qingques poor bladder couldn't take the pressure it was under. Her face heated up as her white panties lost their pristine color as pee slipped through her hold. It wasn't a long leak, but enough to feel it on the hand that she had pressed through her dress. There was definitely a small dark spot on the front of her clothes now. The humiliation she felt was crushing. One of the greatest, no, THE greatest celestial jade player on the xianxhou Luofu had pissed in her panties. And she was threatening to completely piss herself if she didn't figure something out fast.

A thought entered her mind, one which under normal circumstances she would have never entertained. Maybe she should intentionally let some pee out in order to hold it until Fu Xuan left? Taking another glance over the barrier, her boss was still there. She didn't seem to be in a hurry to leave and yet she wasn't actively searching either? Qingque didn't have time to decipher her actions, something had to be done.

"Nghh, ahh."

Another spurt. More heat bloomed against the fabric of her panties. This time the amount that escaped was too much for her panties to hold and it started to pool under her butt. The spot on her dress grew to about a baseball with her hand still pressed there. A decision had to be made NOW.

Tears formed at the corners of qingques eyes as she made her decision. Making sure her paper barrier stood up on its own, qingque placed both hands on her knees and lowered her head. Looking down at her lap she took a deep breath and relaxed her hold. Immediately her pee stream started back up, flowing steadily through her panties and being soaked up by her dress. She let this continue for about 5 seconds before attempting to close the tap and shoving her hands into her crotch. Another 5 seconds passed before she regained some semblance of control over her bladder.

The bottom of her dress had absorbed the vast amount of the liquid. Her hands shutting off the stream had expanded the spot on the front for the rest. One of the voices on her shoulder scolded her for not lifting her dress out of the way. The other argued that the sound of her pee splattering off the side of the chair onto the floor would have surely alerted the other customers. To be honest she hadn't even considered either option, her mind being so dazed in the moment of decision. What was done was done.

Observing her surroundings once again she was glad to see her shame remained unknown to those around, but the eternal enemy was still here in the distance. Her need to pee had been aliveated to the point she could hold it for a while longer. She felt that she was at a 7/10 again but with her teasing her bladder with relief her ability to hold would be serverly affected. It wouldn't be long until she would needed to go again.

Qingque was ashamed at what she had done and some tears fell from her eyes. Her predicament wasn't over but at least she had avoided a full accident, for now. Reevaluating her current situation she ran through the current problems she was facing. She still had to pee, she had already peed herself a fair amount, her clothes were visibly soaked with pee, and there was still people around who might notice that she had peed herself.

There were many negatives to her predicament but there was a few glimmers of hope. The day was growing late and eventually everyone would wander off home, hopefully. Her dress would eventually dry and with luck the pee stains would lighten up enough to not be noticeable from a distance. And finally she lived nearby and so wouldn't have to go far to escape this days disaster.

Qingque wiped the tears from her eyes and sat up straighter. Sitting in her puddle might be dampening her mood now but this wasn't permanent. She would persevere, she was the celestial jade master! All she had to do was wait, procrastinate you might say. Something qingque was quite good at...

An hour later and the situation had changed once more. The master diviner had finally wandered off, much to qingques delight. Although she had never deciphered her reasoning for appearing here it was still a nice development. Second her clothes had dried a little and the original shades of green and white on the dress were returning, a tinge more yellow but still... Thirdly the last group of customers across the room were beginning to gather up their things to leave. And finally she was going to wet herself again.

The need was a 9.5/10 or maybe she was at 10/10. She didn't know. Qingque had never needed to pee more in her life. There was a burning sensation in the lower section of her body, the pain was unbearable. Both hands were buried in her crotch and she rocked back in forth in the chair. Tears clouded her vision and she sucked in quick breaths through her teeth.

"I.. ahhh..mhn...hngh..."

Qingque was a whimpering mess. She had done so well. She had fought so hard. This couldn't be happening to her. The last customers left, she was alone at last. It didn't matter. She was past the point of no return, it wasn't fair.

"Wwhyyy...I..I won't....I ah..I can..."

Psshhhh

Warmth again bloomed in her panties.

"Ahh....please...I'm..."

Pssshhh...pshhhh

Her hands were warm. She was losing the battle.

"Uwahhhhh....I'm the cccelestialll...jjjaddee...."

Psshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh

Qingques hold evaporated. Like turning a faucet on it flooded out of her. In the blink of an eye her clothes were drenched and provided no further resistance. The sound of her water hitting the stone under her seat was deafening. Qingque felt euphoric, her mind was a blank haze. Any and all shame or embarrassment of this accident forgotten in the near orgasmic relief she felt in the moment.

"Ohhhh......ahhhhhhh..."

This continued for a few minutes. The sheer amount of liquid she had accumulated was staggering. Eventually the intensity of the flood started to taper off. Slowly at first, then it stopped. The trance qingque was in finally ended and she wearily looked at her surroundings.

Qingques clothes were well and truly soaked. A large puddle surrounded her chair. Part of her wanted to cry but for some reason she didn't. She actually felt... really good?

"Ah.....oh my....."

Looking around to confirm she hadn't been observed qingque felt a smile creep onto her face. This hadn't been her intended outcome when she slipped out of her work today, but she didn't entirely hate how it ended? She would have to come to terms with these feelings later. Right now she had an accident to clean up...

*004*2024-11-05 01:29

{{4 hours ago, SoupBox said:

This was very good, and I'm really happy to see some HSR fanfic on here! One minor correction, the tile game that Qingque plays is called Celestial Jade, not Stellar Jade. It's a small thing, but I couldn't help noticing. That being said, this was very well written, and I'd love to see more Star Rail fiction in the future!

}}

Thanks for the feedback. As someone who's played the game since launch I should probably know what the tile game is called 😑(ill find some time to edit the story). Guess I should stop writing stories while I'm sleep deprived. I have some more ideas cooking and next time I'll make sure to triple check my work 🙂.

*005*2024-11-07 08:02

Preface: Thank you to those who commented on the previous part. The feedback is much appreciated and helps me to improve the story. As of now I've got plans to have a number of parts for this specific story. When I'm finished with this I'll look to other characters in the HSR universe to write stories about. Thank you for reading and enjoy!

Story:

Qingque fell backwards onto her bed with a sigh. A number of unfortanate factors had forced her to stay at work the whole day, leaving her utterly exhausted. Staring at the ceiling, recent events began to run through her mind. A week had passed since the "incident" at the games parlor. Just the mere memory of that brought a shade of red to qingques face. Her hubris combined with some plain old fashion bad luck had resulted in her wetting herself in spectacular fashion. Not only that but a small part of her had been incredibly turned on after the fact.

That part of the whole affair still had her racking her mind. When it came to her body's more "base" needs qingque had always considered herself to be pretty vanilla. The fact that over the previous days her mind defaulted to that moment when her body craved a release left her with a mix of emotions. Had she awakened to some long hidden deviant fetish? No that couldn't be it, this was just an outlying feeling. With time it would all fade away and she could return to her previously peaceful life.

"Everything shall correct itself in time."

Qingque finished her thinking out loud. Normally she would practice her tactics for celestial jade after work but fatigue was weighing down her body. She silently cursed herself for allowing her parents to pressure her to get this job. The divination commission was demanding work when you couldn't slink out of your responsibility. Summoning a final reserve of strength qingque rose from the bed to get dressed. She picked a matching set of pajama pants and a t-shirt, the color matching the green on her normal outfit. With that settled qingque returned to the comfort of her bed and found a comfortable position under her blanket. It only took a few minutes for her to blissfully drift to sleep...

Qingque walked with purpose in her step. She was at her place of work, the divination commission. Well to be more accurate she was attempting to leave her place of work. There was a infrequently used side door that qingque often used to slip out of the workplace. This was her destination and intention today as she continued the journey. Maybe she would head straight home? Nah, I'll head to the games parlor and see if anyone wants to challenge me at celestial jade. Rounding the last corner lost in thought she didn't see the waiting figure standing before the door.

"Out for a stroll, are we?"

That voice... Qingque finally saw the person guarding her exit. It was the master diviner, Fu Xuan.

"H-huh! Uh m-master diviner! How very nice to see you!"

Qingque was caught completely off guard. How did she know she'd sneak out today? This was very bad for a number of reasons. On top of it potentially affecting her next workplace review there was an immediate need that qingque had hoped to settle when she left, her incredible urge to pee. The harsh gaze of the master diviner only brought that need to a critical level. Qingque began to shuffle in place, the only thing stopping her from holding being the presence in front of her.

"Miss Qingque, I do wish you'd focus on your work. We have much to do today and your help would be much appreciated."

Qingque only heard half of this, the need to pee becoming overwhelming in her mind. She couldn't help it anymore, holding herself with both hands she began to dance in place.

"Mgh.. uh Master Fu Xuan... umm I'm sorry bbut can we continue this later? I-i need to use the restroom.."

Qingque turned to leave but the master diviner closed the distance and grabbed her by the arm.

"I've heard that excuse before and it won't fool me. We have much to discuss you and I. Don't think you can get away that easy."

Qingque opened her mouth to plead her case when it happened. Her hold simply evaporated in an instant. Hands still pressed to her front, pee cascaded down her legs and darkened the front of her outfit.

"What-ahhhh nnoooooo."

The shock qingque felt did nothing to stop the accident. She continued to hold herself in an attempt to salvage something but it was a useless gesture. Qingque was pissing herself in front of her boss, her life was over. People had long memories on the xianxhou luofu, no one would ever let her live this down. She started to cry, sob really. She was going to get fired. How would she explain this to her parents? Why was this happening to her.

"Dear me, to think that the stellar jade master would do this... I thought better of you qingque."

It was an accident it wasn't her... Wait, stellar jade? She played celestial jade! That could only mean...

Qingques eyes opened in a flash, followed by her sitting up in bed. Taking a moment to rub her eyes she looked at her surroundings. She was back in her room, back in the real world.

"Thank the Aeons, it was just a bad dream."

Qingque let out a sigh of relief, her life wasn't over then. It was just a nightmare after all, it couldn't hurt her. Taking a moment to collect herself brought her attention to something unexpected. Her back felt wet, the shirt distinctly sticking to her skin. Huh, the nightmare must have stressed her out so much she had started sweating? Placing a hand on her forehead it was cool to the touch, that's weird... Come to think of it, her pj bottoms felt like they clung to her legs too. And there was another feeling, this one slowly spreading around her bottom from where she was sat up. Wait a minute....

Qingque slowly pulled her blanket up and the sight made her heart drop in her chest. Her pj bottoms were soaked in pee, and she was actively adding to the mess...

"E-eeh!"

Qingque grabbed at her crotch to try and regain control. It was just like the dream, she didn't even feel her bladder voiding itself into her clothes.

"Mgnh.....pleassseeee...stopppp..."

Her bladder ignored her pleas and continued its assault. Qingque could do nothing but watch as pee flowed through her clenched fingers. This time she did cry. To have one accident was bad enough, but to wet the bed at her age? Only when her stream tapered off did she regain some composure. She spent a minute staring at the disaster she had left her bed in before finding the resolve to get up and head to the bathroom to clean up.

Qingque stood before the mirror above her sink. Inspecting the damage she had caused revealed a few things. First was that she hadn't peed her bed once, but twice. The stains on the back of her shirt were higher and dryer than the most recent wetting. It was the same for her bottoms, there was spots that had stains on them that hadn't been from her recent wetting. The fact that she hadn't woken up during the first accident troubled her, was this going to be a new problem for her? And what was the deal with her bladder? There was like some sort of numbness to her whole abdomen. It was hard to explain but it didn't even feel like she was close to bursting when she peed. Surely there should have been the discomfort normal with a full bladder.

Qingque locked eyes with herself in the mirror. With that action came some more feelings. Her heartbeat quickened and her breaths came faster. Qingque felt another distinct wetness that was all too familiar to her. This was turning her on again, badly. Standing in piss covered pajamas should have her feeling disgusting, right? Was there something wrong with her?

There's nothing wrong with this.

Huh? This voice sounded familiar...

You're allowed to feel this way.

It sounded like one of the voices she had heard during the games parlor accident.

Don't deny your feelings.

Eh? Well....it wasn't wrong. She couldn't take back what had happened, best to try and salvage something from it.

Qingques head was getting fuzzy, her arousal starting to take over. She stepped forward toward her sinks counter and stopped at the corner. Like a sirens call it beckoned her to place her crotch on it. It wouldn't be the first time qingque had used a table corner to find satisfaction but still...

Go on, you deserve this. For all the hard work you do.

Yeah, I do deserve this! Qingque lowered herself. The instant her sex made contact she felt that all too familiar tingle. There was something different though, her whole body shook with anticipation. Never before had she felt this good, she let her hips start moving.

"Mnghhh, ahhh!"

The voice was onto something, this was amazing. Here she was dressed in her pissed pajamas, masterbating, the room was spinning. It felt so good.

"Ah. Ah. Mghh. Ohh..."

Normally it took a bit for qingque to come but she had only just started and she was close. Using one hand to support herself she guided the other under her shirt to fondle her breasts. This was the final hurdle.

"Mgghh....I'm gonnaa....ahhhhhhhhhh"

With that qingque experienced the best climax of her life. It was too much, her legs were failing her. Slowly she fell to the floor and found herself sitting on her knees. Gasping for breath, the room still spinning.

Qingque spent a while recovering from her orgasm. It was clear to her that she did indeed have a fetish for pissing herself and after today she would have to continue exploring it. But there was also a few lingering questions. Her bladder control seemed to be weakening on her, she would have to be careful from now on. And what or who was that voice? Was that her consciousness speaking to her, or something else? These would have to be answered later though. Qingque had the day off tomorrow, she wasn't going to sleep tonight...

Afterword: I took a slightly different approach with this chapter. As I mentioned in the first chapter I am by no means a experienced author so hopefully you still found it enjoyable 😊.

