Adam & Eve - The First Pee

Author: minniemousepee

*000*2017-04-25 01:39

This is just a first rough draft right now, which is why it's missing a lot of description and jumping around from scene to scene without much detail. I just thought of this fantasy yesterday and hurried to get it all written down in time before I forgot any of it. It's absolutely the hottest scenario I could imagine - the first man alive feeling his bladder fill up, not knowing what it is, and then exploding with piss and not understanding what's happening to him but feeling incredible relief. Since it's biblical/fantastical and all, I like to imagine that their pees go on for about 10 minutes, and they hurt a LOT more to hold in, but feel unimaginably better to let out. The rest of the story would detail Adam & Eve trying to figure out ways to contain all of their pee and control their bladders. They pee into animal furs, create prototype toilets, and will accidentally gush with a full bladdered piss at random times not realizing that they needed to go so badly.

The next scenario I thought of is then this Adam getting transported into the body of a modern day college student, still having no idea why he pees or understanding the phenomena, and not being sure if humans in this strange new world pee too or how they do it. The first idea I came up with is him having a close call but his roommate realizes his predicament and leads him to a toilet. Another scenario I'm thinking about is Adam & Eve having a guest over (I'm honestly thinking of having it be an alien.... yes I know, can this story get any weirder?) I'm thinking that this guest does not urinate themselves so Adam and Eve are really embarrassed when they have to go, and they drink a lot of wine with the guest and are so desperate. As soon as the guest leaves, both of them in agony, they uncontrollably pee together for a long time.

So here I will include the details I've written out so far... not a detailed story yet, but let me know if you're interested in a full draft with several chapters/installments. And let me know if you have other ideas. I'm not really into wetting or intentional holding but I love intense desperation, especially where the person is shy or embarrassed to communicate their need, and an explosive release that comes out gushing and lasts a long time. Also love people talking about how bad they need it or how good they feel afterwards.

###

Adam’s lower pelvis had an odd feeling to it when he woke up the next day. An uncomfortable feeling inches above his dick. He decided to ignore it, as he must have just slept in an odd position. But he couldn’t help but fidget a bit as he started to feel more and more restless as the day went on. He thought about telling Eve, but he didn’t want to worry her, and he was embarrassed by his strange predicament. They spent the day doing blahblahblah, and the feeling become more and more noticeable. A dull, uncomfortable ache that started to spread down to the base of his penis.

He squeezed his dick and relieved some of the pressure, but it wouldn’t go away. He decided to relax with Eve to take his mind off of this building problem. They lay down together under a tree and he noticed as he got down that his pelvic region became way more uncomfortable. He felt so much pressure down there he was squirming. Eve also ended up elbowing him there and he winced in pain. Finally, he had to tell her what the matter was. “I’ve felt this strange and uncomfortable feeling right here. It’s gotten worse and worse as the day’s gone on and now it’s starting to really hurt. It’s hurting in my penis too.”

“Maybe we should take a walk.” As they walked, Adam stopped in his tracks. “Eve, something’s really really wrong. My dick feels like it’s going to pop open. I can’t walk anymore. I’m in so much pain.” He hunched over and a thick stream of clear liquid immediately came gushing from his cock. They both gasped in shock, and Adam fell to his knees as gallons of it poured out of his dick at lightning speed. “Adam, what’s happening? I’m scared.”

“I don’t know… but it feels really good. I think this is why I was in so much pain, I was holding this liquid inside of me and I never let it out.” He panted and sighed as an unbelievable volume of pure piss exploded out of him. Tears fell down his cheeks as each torrent of piss relieved his aching bladder more and more. He peed an ocean out for at least ten minutes before collapsing by the large puddle he just created.

Eve seemed nervous yet curious about this strange experience. “You feel better now?”

“Yeah. I really thought my body would explode. I’m glad all that’s finally out of me. You can see why I was really hurting.”

The next night, Adam saw Eve squirming in her sleep. She moaned as she pressed her hands against her pussy. She woke up with a shock and shook Adam awake. “Adam! I think I need to do the thing you did yesterday. I think there’s water inside of me. A lot of it.”

“Let’s go take a walk.” She walked with her hand between her legs. “Is it really hurting you?”

“Yeah. It’s a strange sensation. I don’t think I can hold it inside much longer. It’s all burning inside of me.” Adam held her hand and walked her over to a patch of dirt, which he smoothed out with his hand and dug a little hole in to hold the water that was about to fall out of her. She ran over to it and pushed her butt out over the hole, and a waterfall shot out of her pussy. She had an orgasmic look on her face as the pee hissed out and came in waves, like buckets. “Oh Adam, this release feels so good. I’ve never known such pleasure could exist.”

“You know what, Eve? Watching you do that is making me feel like I need to go again too. I feel like I’m holding onto a lot of liquid in my penis, but not so much that it hurts. It would really feel good to get this out of me before we go back to sleep.” He walked over to the hole he dug for her and pressed on his pelvis where he felt the fluid stored. A clear stream shot out for a minute or two and he once again felt the tremendous release of uncomfortable liquids stored up in his body. “I really feel a lot better now. Let’s go back to sleep.”

They began to discover more and more when they absolutely needed to let out some liquid and then they could wait. They became more used to the sensation, but sometimes they would be busy doing something and it would accidentally started streaming out of them without their control. Adam tried peeing into animal furs, but they would usually get soaked through really fast. He mostly tried peeing into holes or even empty shells. But he also felt embarrassed by this strange occurrence and tried not to pee out in the open.

Adam got switched into a modern man’s body.

After drinking a lot of water, Adam was starting to feel the first stings of the fluid desperately trying to leave his body. He was so terrified of this strange new world and embarrassed to ask any questions about where he could relieve himself. He wasn’t sure if these people experienced the same thing he did. He walked with one of his roommates to class, not letting on that he was holding an insane amount of liquid inside of him. Huge hurricane torrents of pee tried to push their way out of his penis but he fought hard to keep it all inside. What would people think if wetness just appeared on his…. pants? “Hey man, you need to go to the bathroom or something?”

“Uh, the bathroom?”

“Yeah, you just look like you really gotta go. You’re all fidgety and stuff.”

“What do you mean?”

“Just like you gotta piss really bad, man. Like your pipe’s about to burst.” He figured there’s a good chance that a piss is exactly what he needed. “Yeah uh actually I really, really need that. I’m extremely uncomfortable. I’m just not really sure where to go.”

“Ah man, why didn’t you say something sooner? There’s a bathroom in that building.”

Adam was excited at the prospect of letting out the gallons of piss waiting to be released. He needed to get this burning liquid out of him as fast as possible. He stopped on the way there and keeled over, grabbing his crotch. He was in complete agony over how much pee he was holding onto. “Oh man, why did you wait so long to go? Don’t piss yourself, man.” He walked up to the urinal and knew he needed to get his pants down fast. As soon as he did, he moaned with the release of what he had been holding onto for days. He peed and peed and tears fell down his face as his penis urgently exploded its contents into the urinal. The volume inside of him was incredible, he couldn’t believe he had managed to hold onto all of this without losing control. His roommate stared in disbelief.

“Man, you really shouldn’t hold onto your piss like that. You must have been in so much pain. I bet you feel way better now though, huh?”

