Sports Shorts

Author: Morgan91

*000*2019-07-03 06:48

Soaked at Soccer

Cohen hated soccer practice. It was always raining and the field became muddy quicksand that his cleats would sink into. He wished Mom had signed him up for something indoors, like art class, or swimming, or even basketball. He watched the droplets of rain race down the back seat windows.

“Why do I have to come to Cohen’s stupid soccer game?” whined his older sister, Ryder.

“I’m driving you up to Lidia’s for that sleepover right after,” their mother calmly replied, “And besides, you’re not to be left on your own yet.”

Ryder sighed deeply. “Mom I’m old enough!”

Their mother didn’t even stop herself from singing the tired old Britney Spears tune, “I’m not a girl, not yet a woman…”

Ryder groaned and looked at her iPod for a few minutes, pretending it was a full-fledged iPhone with data.

As they neared the parking lot at Cliff Greenfield Park, Mom went through her usual spiel. “If either of you two need to use the bathrooms, go now or hold it until after the game. I’m looking at you, Cohen.”

“Whatever,” Ryder sighed, trudging off to the toilets.

Cohen shrugged. “I don’t have to go,” he replied, taking a swig from his nearly full water bottle.

“Do you want to try? It’s going to be a long while before another potty break,” his mother warned.

Cohen shook his head and headed out to the field. He would be fine. Maybe he could’ve peed a little, but it wasn’t worth it. He took a big sip and joined his team for their warm up.

A few minutes in to practicing passing, Cohen could feel his bladder swelling from all the water he’d just drank. It wasn’t too bad though. He thought about telling the coach, but the game would start in a few minutes and he couldn’t miss any of the action. Cohen tried to ignore his urge and chose to keep focusing on the ball and passing.

When the game finally started, Cohen really needed to pee. His bladder was desperately begging for release as the boy hopped around and held himself. If he kept moving, the feeling wouldn’t get any worse, or so he told himself. Cohen pressed on his crotch and squeezed his legs together. It wouldn’t be too much longer. He ran after the ball, holding himself and hoping nobody would notice how bad he had to go. Thankfully, one of the other boys got it and Cohen slowed down. He crossed one leg over the other and hopped around, trying to make the feeling go away.

“What are you doing?” asked Kai, one of the other boys on his team.

“I gotta go pee!” Cohen grumbled.

“I gotta go pee too,” Kai replied, “But I can hold it. I just have to go a little bit.”

Cohen could see that Kai was lying. He was in worse shape than Cohen, barely holding on as he did the pee-pee dance in the middle of the field.

“Cohen! Kai! What are you two doing?! The game is over there!” the coach boomed, pointing at the rest of their team, who were at the other end of the field.

“We have to go to the bathroom,” Cohen shyly admitted, squeezing his legs together.

“There are only two minutes left, boys. I need you to hold it until the game is over,” the coach said. “Come on now, get in the game.”

Cohen winced, "I really need to go..."

"You can hold it," the coach confidently dismissed him.

Cohen and Kai carefully ran down the field, hands tightly in their crotches, attempting to seal off any leaks. “I have to go pee,” Cohen moaned, crossing his legs and jumping up and down.

Kai wasn’t listening; he was wrestling with trying to keep from soaking his uniform. “Oh no, oh no, oh no!” Kai whimpered, “It’s coming out!” A rush of urine permeated his athletic shorts and drenched his legs. He worriedly tried to cover up his accident, but there was no use. Kai's eyes were wide with fear and embarrassment; his bony legs trembled in his soaking shorts. He could see his mother coming to fetch him from the other end of the field.

Cohen felt frozen in the moment, tightly holding himself. He saw the anger on Kai's mother's face as she yanked her son off the field. She started yelling at him in Mandarin and gave him a smack on the back of the head. In accented English she angrily exclaimed, "I told you to go pee-pee before the game!"

Kai was silent as he and his furious mother trudged over to the public bathrooms.

Cohen held himself tightly; he could wait out the last few minutes of the game. His bladder was begging for release, but he could coax his body to wait just minutes until he could make a dash for the bathrooms. His knees knocked together and he wiggled about on the field, trying to think about anything except his predicament until he heard the coach blow his whistle.

He grabbed onto his privates and made a run for the line his teammates were forming to give high-fives to the other team. “Good game,” the boys repeated over and over until it held no meaning. Cohen’s bladder felt ready to give up the good fight by the time he high-fived the last boy in line. “I gotta go pee!” he shouted and ran as fast as he could to the public bathrooms across the field. His heart was racing and his pee was sloshing around inside uncomfortably as he descended on the bathroom. Cohen tried the door, but it wouldn’t budge. He tried it again but it was locked. Panic set in and he began to dance on the spot. The sign on the door said the bathrooms were closed at 3:00 every day. How was it already 3?! “But I have to go pee!” Cohen wailed to no one in particular.

“Cohen, honey we have to get going before your sister’s late for her party,” his mother said. She had snuck up behind him with a very bored Ryder in tow.

“But I have to go to the bathroom,” Cohen whined.

“You’ll have to hold it for a bit. The bathrooms are closed, honey. I told you to go pee before the game.”

Cohen was ready to cry. There was no way he could hold it all the way home. “But mom-”

“You’ll just have to hold it for a little longer. You can do it, you’re a big boy.”

Cohen hurriedly made his way to the family van, trying desperately to hold on. Home wasn’t very far away. He could make it. Just a few more minutes.

“You better not pee your pants or mom’s gonna be mad,” Ryder whispered to her brother before taking the front seat.

Cohen said nothing and buckled himself in the back, wiggling his legs desperately. “Mom can we please stop at a gas station?” he begged.

“Don’t be ridiculous, Cohen. You can hold it for five minutes,” his mother sighed.

Cohen responded with a whimper and repositioned himself in his seat, trying to sit on his heel to keep his bladder from spasming. The thick leather of his cleats hurt but maybe it would stop the inevitable flood. He sat like that for a minute or two before feeling the pee slowly move into the urethra. He quickly changed positions, locking his knees tightly together and holding onto his penis. Cohen closed his eyes and felt the car come to a halt. A trickle of urine made its way into his underpants, but he held tighter and sealed the leak.

Ryder grabbed her backpack and got out of the car, saying goodbye to her squirming brother.

For a moment, Cohen thought of asking to use Lidia’s family’s bathroom, but he was too shy to talk to his sister’s friend. He kept holding.

“Cohen, do you want to come sit up front?” his mother asked.

The boy shook his head. He couldn’t even muster a verbal response; he was about to burst.

“It’s okay, honey. Just a few more minutes until we’re home. You can hold it.”

Cohen started to count backwards from 1000, taking deep breaths. His bladder was burning with discomfort and he could feel himself losing control. He felt a spasm that completely drenched his underwear, but there was still an ocean of pee to hold back. “Mom…” Cohen worriedly began. He felt his whole lower half freeze in space and time. All of a sudden he couldn’t feel the pressure of having to go anymore. He gasped, realizing his body had taken control. He was peeing his pants and there was nothing he could do to stop the stream. His shorts were soaked through, as was the fabric covered back seat of the car. Cohen was mortified.

“Mom!” he cried, tears rushing down his cheeks, “I didn’t make it!”

I have a few other ideas for sports-themed omorashi short stories. I will update if I have time. Open to suggestions and criticism, though I'm not very active on this forum at the moment. Thank you for reading. -Morgan

*003*2019-07-11 21:43

HOLDING IT AT HOCKEY

“Come on, Senna!” her twin sister Cassia moaned, “We have to get out on the ice!”

Senna struggled with her hockey gear - it was rough having to wear all that padding, “Can you help me out, Cass? I can’t seem to get this clip done up…”

Cassia rolled her eyes. Her sister was only two minutes younger, but always seemed to struggle with the simplest things. “How have you not figured this out yet?” Cassia grumbled, buckling her sister’s hockey pants. Though Cassia would never admit it, Senna’s pants were definitely tougher to buckle; they had been purchased used and the clips on the front were definitely well-loved. The twins were still growing and even though the used gear smelled a bit funky at times, it saved the family a bundle of money.

“There! Did it! See? It wasn’t that hard, Sen,” Cassia scoffed, “Come on, let’s get out there!”

Senna sighed. Now that she’d finally gotten her gear on, she realized she needed to pee. She shouldn’t have taken her mom’s offer for a hot chocolate right before practice. Senna knew better; she knew her bladder wasn’t as strong as most girls her age. Usually she was more conscious of how much liquid she drank before a game, having far too many close calls. She’d thankfully never had an accident at hockey practice, but she still felt crippling anxiety about the last time she wet herself in public.

It was her first day of high school and Senna hadn’t been to the toilet since she left her house. She desperately needed to go, but she was too shy to ask the teacher. It was the last class of the day and her English teacher was a somewhat intimidating and unfamiliar gentleman. Cassia, who was sitting next to her, harshly whispered, “just ask go to - they’re not going to say no!’” But Senna refused and sat there in silence, struggling to hold back the vengeful tides. Her sister gave up, rolling her eyes.

Senna sat there, hand falling into her lap, gently holding herself as she jiggled her legs. The pressure was building and the feeling, although uncomfortable, was pleasing. She winced, feeling herself lose control temporarily. Her panties were damp and the wetness had seeped through to the seam of her jeans. Her sister was right. She needed to ask permission to go. There was no way she could hold it any longer. Her free hand that wasn’t firmly lodged in her crotch shot up. She squirmed desperately in anticipation.

“Yes,” Mr. Jensen glanced his attendance cheat sheet, “Senna?”

“Um, Mr. Jensen, uh, can I p-p-please go to the bathroom?” Senna meekly begged.

The intimidating English teacher looked at the clock and then back at his student. “There’s only ten minutes left in class - I’m sure you can hold it until then.”

“Please?” Senna whimpered, “I really have to go…”

Mr. Jensen noticed Senna’s hand between her legs, her quivering body, the tears forming in her eyes. Anyone could see that the girl was on the verge of pissing her pants, like someone ten years her junior. He couldn’t help but feel sympathetic. “Fine. If it’s a real emergency, you’re free to go.”

Senna quickly got up and raced to the door, her bladder was so full, she could feel it begin to release as she ran to the toilets. “No no no!” she thought. She could feel a stream of hot urine escape. She tried to plug it with her hand, but there was no use. Streams of pee patterned her jeans, wetness flooding her panties all the way down to her socks. She kept running to the bathroom, leaving a trail of puddles towards the girls’ room. She ran into the first open stall and sat down, letting out what was left of her pee. She didn’t bother to take down her jeans - they were completely soaked. All Senna could do was sit there and cry. How could she have let this happen?

There was a knock on the stall door, “Senna?” Cassia called, “Are you okay?” She knocked again, “Please let me in.”

Senna reluctantly unlocked the door and let her sister see her horrible predicament. “I didn’t make it,” she sobbed, though Cassia already knew what had happened.

“Well, you can’t just sit here in pissy pants until you die. I brought you my gym shorts to wear home,” Cassia stated. “I texted Mom and told her what happened. She’s coming to get us early so maybe no one will see.”

A few minutes into warm ups, Senna was having trouble ignoring her bladder. It felt kind of nice, but it wouldn’t last forever. She sighed to herself, realizing she would have to remove her hockey pants again. There were still a few minutes of warm ups before the game and she made a swift exit from the ice. Senna stumbled to the change room and kicked off her skates before making a run for the bathrooms. She only had a few minutes before the game; it was pee now or forever hold it.

Senna shut the door to the grimy public bathroom stall and tried to shimmy out of her hockey pants. They were a little too tight. She struggled with the buckle on the front, but it wasn’t coming loose. Senna bit her lip and fought with the troublesome buckle again. Her heart was beating faster and she tried again to unbuckle her gear. “No!” she whispered to herself. Her anxiety wasn’t making her bladder play nice. The pleasurable feeling from holding it was going away, leaving behind a feeling of intense panic.

There was a blast over the loudspeaker signifying that the game was about to start. Senna tried one more time to escape out of her gear, but there was no use. She whimpered and tried to pull off the pants one last time. It was no use - she was stuck. The loudspeaker sounded again, shocking poor Senna into letting loose a quick spurt of pee. She quickly regained control and tightly squeezed her thighs together. Senna tried the belt again, trying to unbuckle it or break it off. She didn’t care about preserving the pants anymore - she would’ve gladly cut them open to free her poor, distressed bladder. She looked around frantically for something to free her from her prison, but nothing could help her in this grimy bathroom. Tears were forming as she felt another leak into her underwear. She tried to reach her hand down the front of her pants to hold on and cover her pee hole, but there wasn’t enough room. Senna was ready to forfeit; her bladder would burst any minute.

“Senna!” Cassia shouted, “Senna where are you?! The game started and-” Cassia walked into the bathroom and saw her sister struggling.

“Cassie, I have to go pee so badly!” Senna cried, “But I can’t get these things off!”

“I can do it,” Cassia grumbled, sure of herself. She first tried to loosen the straps, but they wouldn’t give.

“Please hurry!” Senna begged.

“Hold on,” her twin sister replied, fiddling with the clasp on the front. “For some reason they won’t budge.”

“Cassia! I’m gonna pee my pants!” Senna moaned, struggling to keep even remotely still.

“Just hold it! Jeez!” Cassia tried again to unbuckle the front of her sister’s pants to no avail, “Did you try and just pull them off?”

Senna was crying at this point, the pain she felt from holding back all that pee was too much. “I already tried,” she blubbered, “I can’t get them off and I have to go pee so badly it hurts…” Senna’s voice trailed off as she felt the pain in her bladder instantly release. Her body had given up and her hockey pants were flooded.

Cassia took a few steps back from her sister, amazed at how much pee she’d held in. It was definitely more than a venti hot chocolate.

*005*2019-07-16 21:42

A Splash at Swimming Lessons

Janna pulled on her green one piece bathing suit. “Tegan, can you tie this for me?” she asked her best friend.

Tegan obliged, tying the two strings that held the top half of Janna’s bathing suit together. The two girls had been best friends since they first met a week ago at swimming lessons. They had bonded over making fun of the weird boy in their class named Terrence who wore a bright green speedo that looked like underpants. Tegan was a bit more cunning than Janna and happily spoke her mind on other people’s appearances and self conscious behaviors. Janna would cringe a bit sometimes when Tegan went for the deep cuts. Even though Terrence was a total weirdo, she still felt anxious when Tegan had reminded him of the time he peed his pants during a book report he was presenting. Janna didn’t go to the same school, but she had witnessed similar embarrassing moments that she would prefer to forget. People like Tegan were better to have on your good side.

“I hope Terrence isn’t here today,” Tegan sighed, “He makes the whole pool smell like pee.”

“Eww,” Janna giggled, feeding her friend’s maliciousness. “Did I tell you I saw him try and pee in the hot tub last time?! He’s so gross, seriously.”

Tegan snickered, “Yeah it’s like he doesn’t even know about the chemical they started putting in the water.”

Janna raised an eyebrow at her confident friend. “What chemical?”

“It makes the pool water change colour when you pee in it - everyone can see where the pee is and who did it. It’s so nobody uses the pool for a toilet. Cause, y’know, that’s super gross.”

Janna tried to hide her blossoming shame. She secretly loved peeing in the water. It was way easier than having to run all the way back to the bathroom and removing her suit. Just thinking about having that privilege taken away made her suddenly need to go.

“But it’s not like we ever pee in the pool, so it doesn’t matter.” Tegan smiled, “You don’t need to go, do you?”

Janna shook her head, feeling like admitting she needed to go would make Tegan wise to her crimes.

The two girls entered the pool area to see their mortal enemy, Terrence, standing at the edge of the pool. He looked as though he were contemplating getting in or doing something devious instead.

“What are you even doing,” Tegan scoughed. “You’d better not be thinking about peeing in there.”

Terrence looked confused and a bit guilty. “Why not?” he squeaked.

“Didn’t you hear? They put a new chemical in the water so it changes colour when you pee in it. That way everyone can see what you did.”

“No way,” Terrence called her bluff.

Tegan rolled her eyes. “Doesn’t anyone watch the news? Seriously, ask your parents when you get home. Or, I mean, I guess you can just pee in the pool and everyone will make fun of you.”

Terrence obviously wasn’t ready to put Tegan’s theory to the test and he walked over to where their swim coach met them.

“Oh my God, he’s so annoying and gross,” Tegan grumbled.

Janna hummed in agreement, not completely listening to her best friend’s rant. All this talk of peeing was making it hard for her to ignore her body. She shyly crossed her leg to help with the hold. Tegan was so involved in torturing Terrence that maybe she wouldn’t notice Janna’s growing desperation. She thought about going for a quick pee before class began, but she could probably hold it for a while longer. Janna could see the lifeguard who taught their class heading down to meet them, so she wouldn’t have time anyway.

“Janna, are you looking at Kieran?” Tegan interrupted. She could tell her best friend was miles away, staring at the lifeguard.

“Um, no,” Janna denied. She had noticed that Kieran was attractive, but he would have no interest in dating someone her age. The swim trunks he wore were sometimes pulled down underwater, making his pubic hair visible, along with the slight outline of his private. Janna would never tell, but looking at Kieran made her feel dizzy with affection.

“You know he’s my cousin, right?” Tegan boasted, “He’s a total moron, which is why all he does is teach swim lessons and lifeguarding.”

“He’s nice though. And he has a job,” Janna protested. Thinking about Kieran was bringing on that feeling again and Janna was beginning to feel uncomfortable, as though she wouldn’t be able to speak to him for the entire lesson.

“Gross, you totally want to do my cousin.” Tegan pretended to throw up in the pool.

With a seductive smile, Kieran motioned for the girls to head over and meet with the group. With each step, Janna felt her bladder yearn for release. But it was not time yet. She would ask for a break in a few minutes… if she could muster up the courage. She didn’t want Kieran to think she was a baby who couldn’t hold it and she didn’t want Tegan to think less of her. The only other option was to pee in the pool, but if Tegan’s story was true, everyone would know that she peed in the pool. Carefully, Janna adjusted her bathing suit and squeezed her thighs together as she joined the rest of their group.

Tegan looked over at her friend and whispered, “Are you touching yourself?”

“Eww,” Janna whispered back, giggling a bit. She tried to suppress her laughter, as it made her bladder beg for instant mercy.

“Stop touching your vagina, then. That’s so nasty. I know you wanna do Kieran but seriously-”

“Janna and Tegan, I need you to listen up,” Kieran’s booming voice interrupted the girls.

Janna felt herself leak just slightly from the shock of the lifeguard’s abrupt presence. She sneakily looked around her, making sure the water hadn’t changed colour at all. “Whew,” Janna thought to herself, “No change at all. Maybe I didn’t let out enough though?” After leaking a bit, Janna felt relieved for a few moments before the desperation returned, ten fold. She winced and tried to keep still, but fidgeting was the only option for keeping from embarrassing herself.

“Today we’re going to practice diving off the high board,” Kieran instructed, “Who would like to go first?”

This was her chance - they would have to get out of the pool and she could finally use the toilet without anyone being fully aware. Janna resisted the urge to hold herself, slowly cinching her thighs closer together.

Terrence raised his hand. Janna felt a sigh of relief that she wouldn’t be the first one picked. She was so close to relief, she could almost feel it. She bit her lip in anxious anticipation, fidgeting slightly to ease her desperation.

“Yes! Terrence! Awesome confidence, man,” Kieran gleefully responded.

Terrence shook his head and bashfully said, “I don’t wanna go first, I just need to go to the bathroom.”

Janna’s heart sank as she looked over at Terrence, who was perhaps in worse shape than her. It was immediately obvious that he was a pool peeing criminal as well. His legs were crossed and his other hand was firmly between his legs, holding onto his privates.

Tegan snickered, “Oh my god, look at that loser. He’s about to pee his pants like a baby.”

Janna weakly laughed as well, tightening her hold.

“Sure you can go,” Kieran replied, “after you do a dive for me.”

Terrence was sweating now. “No please, I really need to go!”

“I’m sure you can hold it a few more minutes,” Kieran said.

This was Janna’s worst nightmare. She was barely holding on now and if Kieran wasn’t letting them use the bathroom until they went for a dive, she would surely pee herself before then. She thought of putting up her hand to go second, but she couldn’t muster the courage. Janna looked over at Terrence, who was growing increasingly desperate. His hand had found its way past the waistband of his speedo. There was no way to argue his point - even though everyone could see how badly Terrence needed to pee, Kieran wouldn’t let him go. Watching someone so desperate made Janna’s bladder ache even more. With all eyes on poor Terrence, she held herself for a few minutes, pulling back the fabric of her bathing suit to plug her weakening pee hole.

Terrence sluggishly made his way out of the pool and towards the ladder, giving Kieran sad puppy dog eyes. He tightly held himself and begged one last time, “Please let me go to the bathroom! I’m not gonna make it!”

Kieran rolled his eyes, “Just climb the ladder.”

The entire class went silent as they watched the wincing, desperate boy struggle to climb up the ladder to the high diving board. Janna was certain that her pool peeing accomplice wouldn’t make it much farther if he was half as desperate as she was. Watching Terrence was making her predicament worse. She pushed on her pee hole and tried to remain in control.

Meanwhile, Tegan was laughing her head off, “I can’t believe that idiot didn’t just use the toilet earlier. What a stupid baby.”

Janna couldn’t bring herself to reply. She looked over at the bathrooms and considered making her way over there. Nobody would see - they were all so focused on the main event. But she couldn’t bring herself to do it. What if Tegan ratted her out? What if Kieran hated her? She stood as still as she could and looked back at Terrence. He had made it to the diving board.

“Excellent!” Kieran cheered at the shaking boy, “Now arms up like a shark, just like we did the other day!”

Terrence shook his head. “I can’t move,” he blubbered, “I need to go pee!”

“Come on Terrence, you can do it!” Kieran shouted.

The class watched as Terrence danced in place, slowly removing his hands from his crotch and drawing his arms to a point over his head. He stood up straight and stopped moving instantly.

“Come on Terrence! Go for it!” Kieran shouted.

Terrence continued to stand there, completely in silence.

“He peed his pants,” Tegan shouted. The whole class gasped before erupting in laughter.

Janna looked up at her mortal enemy-turned comrade. She couldn’t laugh. She only felt deep shame and empathy as she watched Terrence begin to cry.

Tegan looked to her friend again, “Why aren’t you laughing? This is amazing!”

Janna shook her head, “It’s not funny,” she said firmly.

Tegan raised an eyebrow and then noticed Janna’s stance with her hand pressed into her crotch. Tegan smirked, “Really Janna? You need to pee that bad? You should just go while nobody’s looking.”

Janna shook her head and bit her lip. “It’s too late,” she whispered as the water surrounding them started to turn a deeper blue.

*009*2019-07-19 03:58

Losing Control at Laser Tag

Ryan watched out the window as a suburban landscape turned to industrial. Giant, ugly warehouses coated the lands that he remembered being farmland when he was really little. He wondered what happened to the rabbits and donkeys and goats he’d pet just a few years ago. He looked over at Jonathan, who was pestering his younger brother Joshua in the middle seats of the van. Joshua was a lot younger and none of Jonathan’s friends were too stoked that he was joining the birthday party.

“Mom! Jonathan’s touching me!” Joshua shouted.

“Can you two quit it?” their mother scolded, “We’ll be at LaZer Fort in a few minutes and then you two can duke it out at laser tag.”

Jonathan smacked away his little brother’s hand that was about to brush against his leg. “Don’t,” he said firmly, “You’re ruining my birthday.”

“Mom! Jonathan hit me!” Joshua whined.

“Boys, I’m about ready to turn this car around. I don’t want to hear another peep from either of you,” their mother warned.

Ryan really hoped that Mrs. Nelson wouldn’t turn the car around. He was really looking forward to laser tag, even if it meant teaming up with Joshua . He looked at the other two boys sitting in the back seat of the car. They must’ve been friends Jonathan had made at his old school. Ryan felt too shy to talk to them, and they were giggling with each other and doing impressions of a fat teacher they both had. He wished he could’ve sat with Eric, but Eric called shotgun, claiming he got really bad carsickness.

It sounded like a lie to get what he wanted, but maybe there was a bit of truth to the whole scenario. Eric had been completely silent for the entire trip, not looking back once to speak with the birthday boy or his friends. The ride out to LaZer Fort had been pretty flat; Ryan would’ve been surprised if anyone could get nauseous on such a straight stretch of road. He’d only ever been sick once and it was driving switchbacks through the mountains with his dad. It wasn’t Ryan’s favourite memory.

“Mom, are we almost there?” Joshua interrupted.

“Just a few more minutes,” his mother replied.

“Mom, I have to go to the bathroom,” Joshua whined.

“I need you to hold it for a few more minutes, Joshua.”

“Can we stop really quick? I just have to go pee.”

“Honey, it’s like two minutes away. Can you please just hold on until we get to the bathroom?”

Ryan could tell even from sitting behind him that Joshua was getting desperate. He continued to potty dance in his seat.

“Joshua, can you sit still? It’s so annoying!” Jonathan complained.

Joshua shook his head and kept bouncing, “I really have to go to the bathroom… I can’t hold it for much longer!”

“Gross!” Jonathan replied with a smirk. “Hey, Joshua, have you ever heard a waterfall? It goes like pssss...” Jonathan made a hissing sound.

“That’s not funny!” Joshua wailed, “I really need to go pee!”

“What about pipes? Like leaky pipes? Or the ocean? Or the rain-”

“I need you boys to stop. We’re nearly at the laser tag place. Joshua, I need you to hold on. Jonathan, I need you to stop harassing your little brother.”

Jonathan huffed and said nothing for the rest of the ride. Joshua kept bouncing.

When they finally arrived, Joshua made a beeline for the bathrooms and the rest of the party waited to check in.

The clerk at the front of LaZer Fort was only a few years older than Ryan. He wondered if the teenager had to work to pay for college or if he just liked laser tag so much that he chose a career in it. He spoke with a slight lisp through his shiny braces, “Party of six for…”

“Nelson. Or Jonathan? I don’t know what my husband put it under,” Mrs. Nelson shrugged, “It was for 3:00 pm.”

The teenager fiddled with the computer for a sec, “Oh yeah okay. Pizza party package, right? For Jonathan. Cool yeah. Pizza’s on its way. Um, the party room’s over there.” The teenager pointed at a small room with some shoddily decorated tables and an alien head on the wall.

Before Mrs. Nelson even handed over her credit card to pay, the pizzas and five different flavours of soda had arrived. “I thought we ordered the pizza for after the laser tag session?”

The teenager shrugged. “The room’s all yours. Just, uh, let me know when you’re ready to, um, do some laser tag I guess.”

“Awesome! Pizza!” Jonathan exclaimed, rushing into the room. The boys began gorging on lunch-dinner like animals.

Joshua shyly slunk into the room to join his brother and the other boys. He slowly ate a piece of plain cheese pizza and sat there, moping.

“What’s the matter, honey?” Mrs. Nelson asked.

“I... I had an accident,” Joshua whispered in her ear. There was a small wet spot in the crotch, barely noticeable.

His mother took the boy’s hand and led him out of the room. “It’s okay, Joshua. When you’re in there, playing in the dark, nobody will see. By the time the round is up, you’ll be dry.”

“My underpants are really wet,” Joshua admitted, “I almost got my pants down and then…” He looked like he was about to cry.

“Don’t worry, honey. You can just take them off and I’ll hide them back in the car.” She gave her young son a hug and brought him back into the bathroom to help him change out of his soaked underwear. There was a small puddle of pee on the floor, presumably from Joshua’s accident. “Sweetie, I’m so sorry I didn’t stop. I didn’t think you had to go so badly.”

Joshua said nothing as he removed his sopping briefs. Nobody ever listened to him. He wanted to cry, but he held himself together. Jonathan would know immediately that he’d had an accident. Joshua would have to play this one cool.

When he returned to the table, the other boys were making gross swamp water drinks from the five gallons of soda that came with the party package.

“Gross! Pepsi with Mountain Dew with Orange tastes like puke!” Eric exclaimed.

“Grape with Orange with Cream Soda tastes like fruit salad,” Aaron and Luke clinked their plastic cups together in celebration of finding the “perfect mix.”

Ryan didn’t much like swamp water, but he did love Pepsi. He drank more glasses than he cared to admit. His parents refused to buy soft drinks because of their unhealthy nature and his father’s diabetic condition.

“Ryan, try this fruit one!” Eric forcefully pushed his cup towards his friend, “It’s really seriously so good!”

Aaron and Luke nodded in agreement.

Ryan reached out for the cup and slowly took a sip. They were right, it was like a nectar of the soda gods. Ryan couldn’t stop himself. He drank the entire cup and let out a loud belch that sounded like it could’ve echoed for miles. “Another!” he bellowed, slamming the plastic cup down on the particle board table.

The boys erupted in laughter and poured their friend another perfect mixture.

To be continued...

