The Humbling of Pride: A Full Metal Alchemist Fiction

Author: Meowth

*000*2018-04-28 06:36

Summary:

One of Selim's classmates has an accident at school. Selim watches the ordeal with great interest, and because of his unconventional origins, great curiosity. The next day he finds he can't stop thinking about it. He wants to talk about it, to see it happen again--but above all, Selim wants to experience for himself what this uniquely human dilemma is like. What lengths will he go through to find satisfaction, and what will he learn in his struggles?

(This is the Selim from Brotherhood)

Chapter One:

Tap, tap, tap, tap….

Selim’s rapidly scribbling hand came to a stop. He dropped his pen with a sigh.

Tap, tap, tap, tap….

He gave the boy sitting one row ahead and two desks to the left a flat look.

Tap, tap, tap, tap…

How frustrating…. He thought. He’s been making that noise on and off for the last twenty minutes, and he hasn’t stopped once in the last five.

Tap, tap, tap. As if on cue, the boy's foot stopped tapping.

One of Selim’s eyebrows rose about a millimeter in bored curiosity. What’s this….? He wondered.

The boy put a hand in the air, his arm so stiff with urgency that it quivered like a leaf in the wind. He had a look of hard determination on his face, all except his bottom lip, which had begun to quiver just as badly as his arm.

Are you about to cry? Or does frowning like an idiot make it easier to hold somehow? Selim thought wryly. I bet you're going to cry, aren't you?

“No, Dominic.” The teacher said, answering the question before Dominic could ask for a third time.

Mrs. Tally is right. Selim smiled in idle bemusement. You should have just gone before class. Would have saved you an awful lot of trouble.

“Please!” Dominic called out, a hint of panic in his voice. “I… I can’t….” His voice failed, and a small wave of repressed giggling followed. Selim chuckled.

“No.” Mrs. Tally said sternly. “I already told you, you need to go before my class. This is my time.” She looked back down at the papers on her desk and returned to grading. Dominic’s hand started to drop meekly at first, but about halfway down he shoved it between his legs, next to his other hand, which clutched his privates.

Selim sighed again, this time from confusion rather than irritation. If humans find it so embarrassing to end up in situations like these, then why don’t they relieve themselves when they have the chance? Do they go out of their way to make no sense?

Tap, tap, tap, tap....

Even if he thought he could make it, why risk it at all? Did it never cross his mind that he might not be able to hold it all that time? Is he so stupid that he doesn't realize when his bladder is full...?

Tap, tap, tap, tap....

Why... demean yourself like this? Selim thought, staring at Dominic, watching as his leg bounced up and down and made that stupid noise against the tile floor, watching as the boy desperately clutched his privates in the middle of the classroom for everyone to see. What drives a human to-

“Selim!”

His head snapped forward. Mrs. Tally glared at him from her desk.

“Eyes on your essay.”

Another repressed giggle moved through the classroom, and even Dominic had looked the slightest bit back, in the faintest degree of recognition. Selim looked down at his essay, a blush creeping over his cheeks.

It's just anger, he told himself, his jaw pressed down tight. It is just anger. I am not embarrassed. I am Pride, a homunculus—the first homunculus! The greatest homunculus. This is... just a mission. I don't care what these brats think of me. Not any more than I need to....

He pressed his jaw down tighter, trying to force away the strange feeling, the one that wasn't anger, the one that made him angry. The one that made his cheeks burn and made his entire being uncomfortable.

I only care that they truly believe I am the Fuhrer's son. That's all that matters; the rest is a game to me.

He kept his eyes on his essay and forced himself to finish. It soothed him a bit, knowing that yet again he would finish first without even really trying, and yet again he would get the highest mark in the hardest class—simply because he willed it that way.

Maybe it doesn't matter. Maybe I shouldn't care. After all, I am biologically superior to these creatures in every way. A small smile crossed his lips as he reached his conclusory paragraph. But it sure does feel good being the best....

Tap, tap, tap, tap...

He was torn from his reverie. He looked over at Dominic again, with that same droll look. Remembering his chastisement just a moment ago, he looked at the teacher for a moment, and then back down at his paper.

Finally something interesting happens in this awful classroom and I'm not even allowed to watch. Humans never cease to amaze me.

Weren't they curious? Didn't they want to see the struggle? Selim covertly glanced around the room. He imagined there were more people looking before he'd been called out, but he did notice a few glances going toward Dominic. Tentative glances and blank expression, their true emotions hidden beneath.

Tap, tap, tap, tap....

That noise again.... Selim frowned in annoyance, but smiled mischievously a moment later. He began to tap his fingers on the bottom part of his desk, out of the teacher's sight. He did it in unison with Dominic's foot, starting off quiet, and then getting louder and louder, until his fingers could be heard over the foot tapping.

For a few seconds he got dramatically louder and then stopped suddenly, making another brief wave of giggles travel through the classroom. The teacher looked up from her papers and around the classroom with an imposing expression, but looked back down a few moments later.

Dominic's foot stopped tapping. He whined faintly. A few eyes went in his direction, and within seconds his foot was moving again. It got faster and faster until the tapping was back at full volume.

Selim repeated the finger-tapping trick, sending another wave of giggles through the classroom, but this time Dominic's foot didn't respond.

Hmm, unfortunate. I was really hoping I could get him to-

And then there was another whine. Still quiet, almost inaudible, but the tone was sharper than before. Dominic's foot stopped. Selim looked over at his face and found it turning red. A tear ran down his cheek.

Selim's eyes widened a bit. He is really going to do it, isn't he? He's going to have an accident.... He looked up at the clock. But there's only ten minutes left of class. Surely he can hold it another ten minutes if it will save him the embarrassment.

...Then again, it looks pretty bad. Selim looked at how hard the boy was grabbing himself, at how red his face was, at the now erratic quivering of his leg. I've heard when it gets bad enough, humans will sometimes pee a little bit before they let it all go. I wonder if he's....

Selim tried to shift his attention back to his paper, but he ended up looking at Dominic a moment later. A quick glance around the classroom showed him that the other kids were interested too.

I'm not the only one watching him. Everybody wants to see. His lips curled into a small smile. Everybody wants to watch Dominic pee himself.

'Pee himself' was a phrase Selim seldom used. He found it inaccurate, heavily human, and even though adults sometimes said it, childish. A person could pee on themselves, but how could they pee themselves? It made no sense, but whenever he had to vocalize the act, he sometimes used 'pee himself' to fit in, because that was what the other kids said.

He'd found the phrase ticklish to say, at first awkward, but after awhile he'd grown to enjoy it, and had even allowed it in his thoughts sometimes. It made him feel more authentic, more like a real human, less like he was the only homunculus in the room and more like he was one of them, watching something incredibly human happen.

Dominic is going to pee himself. He's going to wet himself. Could anything be more disgraceful? Could anything be more disgusting? Releasing your urine all the floor while your classmates watch you? Soaking your legs because you were too much of a child to hold on.... Selim squirmed eagerly in his seat. I'll be able to tease him mercilessly for this.

Dominic jolted in his seat. Half the class had their eyes glued to him, while the other half pretended they didn't notice. His jaw dropped and his eyes went down to his crotch. His look of shock slowly morphed into a tense look of confusion and submission—and above all, a desperate revulsion for the fate he'd inadvertently sealed.

Dominic's body jerked and his mouth opened wide. He held this position, tense as Selim had ever seen him, his entire body shaking even worse than his arm had been shaking earlier.

Shrrrshr

The sound only lasted a moment. Dominic shifted in his seat, opened his legs the slightest bit, and the sound was gone, only to be replaced by the tinkling of urine on tile seconds later. His entire face glowed red, and he kept his lips tight to keep from crying, until finally he put his head down on the desk and surrounded it with his arms.

Selim looked at what was happening with no particular expression other than some slightly widened eyes. It was the same expression most of the kids had—a look of fascination with a sense of not knowing exactly what to think or feel. He found himself strangely transfixed by the ordeal, too consumed to form complex thoughts and far too interested to even consider looking away. He didn't care if somebody caught him staring—he wanted to see.

At first the urine poured off the front of the chair and ran down Dominic's legs in trickles, but it soon picked up speed. It splattered loudly and then started to spread on the surface of the seat, until it was overflowing from the sides. Most of the urine fell straight on to the floor, but Selim could see streaks running down Dominic's legs, soaking his socks.

It's disgusting, Selim thought, with a strange reverence for the boys stupidity. How could you live with yourself after that? How could you do something so shameful? He shrugged internally and smiled again. I guess that's humans for you. Idiots until the bitter end.

When the accident had come to a crawling end, the floor beneath Dominic was covered in a transparent yellow puddle that spread in all directions. He stayed there, head on his desk, his hands covering his teary eyes. Selim looked away when all that was left were droplets. He looked up at Mrs. Tally and found her staring down at her desk, still grading papers.

He cocked his head in question. Does she not realize...? She had to have heard the splattering, or the giggling, or at least noticed how everyone in the room is staring at one spot.

He looked down at his essay, and then back over at Dominic, who was still sitting in the same position, tiny droplets of urine dripping off his chair. Or does she just not care? He smiled at this, smiled at how surprising it was, at how surprising and sadistic humans could be. She was partially responsible for it happening... and she doesn't even care? He almost laughed, but stopped himself.

I'll have plenty of chances to laugh when I am out of this witch's classroom. He called her a witch with a slight bit of respect.

A hand behind him went up. Mrs. Tally ignored the girl for some time until finally she looked up from her papers. “Yes?”

“Um,” the girl hesitated. She blushed a bit and smiled. “Dominic is wet.”

There was another wave of giggling, this one louder than usual. Selim was among those who laughed. Mrs. Tally looked over at Dominic, no particular expression on her face, least of all pity. “Dominic,” she called out sternly, but there was no answer. Selim had a sudden desire to see Mrs. Tally antagonize him over his accident, but she let it go. “Class will be over in ten minutes. He can sit in his mess until then. You all just worry about your essays; they need to be finished before class is done. No exceptions.”

She is evil. Selim thought, turning his eyes down to his completed essay. She might be my new least hated teacher, and one of my least hated humans.

Well....

Maybe I shouldn't go that far.

*002*2018-06-13 06:14

Chapter 2

At the grocery store....

I could see him asking his parents. Obviously they would say no, and he'd be stuck waiting until they got home. I bet they wouldn't care either. They'd just let him stand there and fidget while they stared at food labels and compared brands.

Selim's lips curled into a small, smug smile.

Would he make it, though? Maybe he'd be able to hold it until he got home. Probably start pissing himself trying to get his cock out.

He almost chuckled.

Or maybe he wouldn't. Maybe he'd... maybe he'd piss himself in one of the aisles. Or maybe in line. I bet at that point he'd be dancing around, too. Everyone would know. They'd all be staring at him, waiting for it to happen.

Because they want to see it, too. They want to see it, because it's interesting.

Brrrr....rrrng!

“Alright, class dismissed.”

Selim rose from his desk with the rest of the students. His eyes traveled around and examined each one quickly, checking out a few with a bit more focus.

Doesn't look like anybody's been holding it today. He thought, slightly disappointed. At least it doesn't look like it.

Occasionally, he would catch people giving off subtle hints that they had to pee between classes, but he saw it most often at the end of school. Some of the kids would rush off to the bathrooms straight after. He preferred this, especially when he got to see a bit of a pee dance or the occasional hand drifting across the thigh to hold it or even an impassioned dash out of the room—but these were rare and often impossible to predict.

There were consistent cases of more subtle maneuvers, though, seen usually in repeat offenders. Selim had learned quickly in his time pretending to be a young boy that he wasn't the only student who didn't use the bathroom at school.

Sometimes they're just too gross. He thought wryly. Or what if somebody hears me....

He never understood how humans could be so sheepish when it came to their own bodily functions. It was something they had to deal with not only daily, but multiple times a day.

Then again, humans do love acting like sheep, don't they?

Something caught Selim's eye. Something so subtle there was little chance anybody else had noticed it. Keith had rubbed himself for a moment for an instant, extending his hand just far enough to make clear to Selim that something was the matter.

Oh...? Did I not notice before? I'm ashamed of myself.

Now that he was looking directly at Keith, he could see it. There was a subtle motion in the boy's legs.

….No, it's in his hips. It seems like he's squirming a bit. But, he wasn't squirming before, not when he was sitting down. Selim put his things in his bag and stole frequent glances at Keith, trying to keep his staring as nonchalant as possible. I may not have Wrath's ultimate eye, but I know these students well. I know when they have to pee, especially when they're sitting in front of me for the entire class.

For me not to notice, the only possibility is.... He smiled the slightest bit. It got worse when he stood up.

He watched Keith closely, wondering if he would try to make it home like that—wondering if he could make it home like that.

Is he one of the ones who avoids the bathroom? Selim wondered. No, I don't think he is, which means he's probably going to go straight for the-

“-Hey, Selim!”

He turned his head toward the racket. “Oh. Hey, Cory. What's up?” Selim forced a smile and cocked his head.

Would you get out of here, you idiot? You're distracting me....

The boy smiled widely. “So I have the craziest thing for you in the universe, like I've been wanting to tell you all day. Come on, I'll tell you on the way to the bus.”

“O-Oh. Sure.” Selim zipped up his bag and threw one last glance at Keith.

It would have been nice to follow behind him and watch, but I guess Cory is going to be the idiot he is and screw it all up.

Cory led the way out of the building, Selim following next to him. When he looked back to check on Keith, he found him leaving as well, several kids back.

No obvious signs... Selim thought. But I can tell. He is being unusually... tepid.

At least I'm not missing much by walking behind him. At least I don't think I am.

“So yeah, like, my brother says he saw him for real, but I dunno. That sounds kinda dumb. Is he even iin Central right now? Like, you'd know, right? You keep up with him 'cause of your dad, right?”

Oh, he just wants me to answer a question for him. Selim thought with annoyance. All this pageantry for that....

Humans disgust me. They think they're so clever, don't they?

“I have no idea.” Selim turned to face him. “I'll ask my dad the next time I see him, though. If Full Metal is in Central-”

“-Yeah! Wouldn't it be awesome?! My brother says he is for sure, but I'm not sure. Like....”

Selim looked back at Cory with a droll expression, one subtle enough so that somebody as stupid as Cory would have no idea he was being looked down upon. What an idiot....

Selim turned his head forward, and the moment he did, he saw Kelly, another boy in his last class who always peed at the end of school, turn into the only bathroom on the way to the buses.

Selim's face went blank for a second.

There are only two urinals in there. There's a stall, too, but....

A small smile appeared on his lips, but he forced it away a moment later. When they reached the bathroom, he came to a stop. Cory gave him an inquisitive look, but kept on talking—as usual. Selim glanced over and saw Keith approaching and quickly cut him off.

“-Hey, sorry. I'm just gonna use the bathroom real quick.” Selim turned away from Cory and headed for the door, leaving a look of mild shock on the boy's face.

First time I've said that in years... Selim thought, a strange feeling welling up in his chest. A pleasant feeling. It's weird to say....

There was another comment on the cusp on his thoughts, one that he didn't let form into words, that he didn't let himself acknowledge. He wouldn't let himself think about how human of a thing it was to say, simply because of how undeniably good it felt.

If I really wanted to experience it... A familiar train of thought started, but faded the moment his eyes landed on the urinals. As expected, Kelly relieving himself in front of one, and much to Selim's pleasure, the other one occupied by a kid from another class. But unfortunately, the stall was free too, and with Cory eyeing him, fixing that would be no easy task. Selim's pleasure from the other occupied urinal faded quickly.

Should I use the stall? He wondered. I could make a lot of noise in a full toilet. That would make it even worse for Keith, but this boy using the other urinal; it's impossible to say how long he'll be there. Cory is the biggest sheep of a human I know, so if he has to pee even a little, he'll use the urinal after him just to follow along. But if he doesn't have to pee....

But the real problem is that if I'm in the stall, I won't see any of it.

Selim sighed internally. I have no choice.

He came to a stop. Cory stopped next to him. His eyes went from Selim, to the stall, back to Selim, and then away, as if he were thinking about something in the middle of talking about nothing of importance.

Not only did I interrupt him to basically say I couldn't make it home, but now I'm saying I don't want him to overhear me. Another strange feeling passed through Selim. Such a stupid, inferior trait of humans. What does it matter if another human overhears you doing what literally every human does? I swear they strive on folly.

He went and leaned against a wall to wait his turn, tactfully positioning himself both adjacent to the stall and in front of the light switch. I suppose if I'm playing the part of a stupid boy who can't hold it until he gets home, I may as well play the part well.... I've come this far, haven't I? Selim moved his hips up and down, mimicking the motion he'd seen countless boys do in the past when they were holding it and trying to be subtle. He then removed his black shoulder bag and leaned it against his feet and the edge of the wall for the stall.

Perfect. He thought.

Cory noticed immediately and stared at him, his eyes wide and boyish. Selim's cheeks flushed. Such a... strange feeling. I feel so...

Cory's monologue tapered off and his lips curled up into a grin. “Could it be? The Fuhrer's perfect son doing a potty dance? I never thought I'd see the day.”

Keith walked in as Cory was speaking, just in time to hear him. Everybody looked at Selim—even the two boys at the urinals glanced back. Selim gritted his teeth.

You're gonna regret making a fool out of me, Cory. You should know better by now....

Selim forced himself to chuckle. “Well, I guess even the Fuhrer's son has to pee sometimes.”

“Kinda looks like he might pee-pee in his pants if he doesn't go soon.”

Selim briefly entertained the idea of stabbing Cory through the heart, but in the end took advantage of how he had expertly taken everybody's attention off the stall door. While their eyes were averted, Selim used the shadow his human body cast on the wall, and subsequently on the light switch he'd leaned against, to extend his real body into the wiring. He turned the lights off.

The bathroom was illuminated only by the small amount of light that poured in through the cracks of the door.

“Oh shit.” Cory said.

“Damn, I can't see!” Kelly complained, the sound of his piss splattering against the porcelain still faint in the background.

Selim used the darkness to cast his real body behind his bag and into the stall. He quickly but carefully closed the stall door and locked it. All within a few seconds, his real body was once again concealed, and he'd turned the lights back on.

And nobody can suspect me either, since the light switch requires a key and the stall door is out of reach.

Out of reach for a human, that is.

“Must have been an outrage,” Cory pointed out.

“What gave it away.” Selim said, shifting on the spot again.

I don't have to distract them anymore. He thought to himself. But... I don't want them to... suspect anything. Yes, it would be best to keep pretending like I am desperate.

In the corner of his eyes, Selim could see Keith. The boy looked around for a moment, surprised as anybody else by the lights, but stayed uncharacteristically silent about it. A moment later he took a step forward and then jolted. His eyes were on the closed stall door. They widened a bit with subdued shock.

You could have swore it was open....

Keith's body relaxed a bit. He took a step back, looked at Selim and Cory, and then gave a longing look at the urinals.

...No, not longing. Selim thought. That's desperation. Maybe even some worry.

The interloping boy at the furthest urinal stepped away and covered himself. Keith's eyes followed him, and then looked expectantly at Selim and Cory.

“If I was a worse friend, I'd rush over to the urinal and make you wait even longer.”

You mean if you weren't terrified of me. A natural smile came over Selim's lips. It shouldn't surprise me, though. After all, you want to see it just as badly as I do....

Cory's comment agitated Keith to the point he could no longer stay still. His movements were still subtle, but his body seemed stiff now, and real worry in his eyes.

“If you did that, I'm afraid I'd have to 'pee-pee' in your shoes.” Selim replied, moving toward the free urinal. “But it looks like you made the right-”

“-Instead of in your pants, you mean?” Cory laughed.

Selim's eyes narrowed for a second, just long enough for Cory to see. The boy looked away and his laugh faded. He licked his lips nervously, knowing immediately he'd gone too far.

That's Cory's problem, Selim thought. He's a bigger idiot than the rest of them.

But he is my idiot.

Selim approached the urinal and reached for his shorts. He looked over a bit, watching Keith in the corner of his eyes.

For a lot of humans, standing makes the urge worse. For even more, walking into a bathroom makes it worse than that.... Selim pulled his shorts and briefs down, revealing himself to the urinal for the first time in a long time. For some the sound of splashing water makes it worse.

Selim stood there for a moment, making it clear he could stand there. Making it clear that he, both Selim Bradly, son of the Fuhrer, and Pride, the oldest homunculus, could stand there and not start pissing immediately. Even if he would lower himself to relieving himself during school, and even if he would lower himself to squirming for greater purposes, he would not lower himself to that.

### After all, he thought. If I was human, I'd know my limits. I wouldn't let it get so bad so that I had to worry about something as degrading as pissing myself.--

After his pause, he used his philosopher stone to create water inside of him, and then expelled it out of his member. It started off slow at first, and picked up speed. He never let it become the unruly explosion he'd heard from other boys in the past, but rather a steady, powerful jet. And while most boys fired that jet directly into the porcelain, he fired his directly into the water below.

Shrrrrrr....

The sound echoed throughout the bathroom, making all of them look over at him for a moment, before looking away a moment later.

I wonder what they think of it. Do they think I'm oblivious? That I'm brave? That I just don't care, because I'm Selim Bradly, son of the Fuhrer?

And then he caught sight of Keith. He had both hands in his pockets now, his shoulder pack slowly sliding down his arm.

He's holding himself, Selim thought, a small smile appearing on his lips. He's trying to hide it, but the way he's just subtly bent forward.... Anywhere else and maybe he could hide it. But in a bathroom? Waiting in line to pee?

Had he been alone, Selim would have shrugged. It's your own fault for holding it so long.

Selim let his flow splatter forcefully into the water for some time. Before Kelly finished, Keith had been reduced to gyrating his hips. He stared at Selim and Kelly, his eyes wide and desperate now.

In only a few minutes he went from sitting still to this. Selim thought. Humans are so strange. All it took was a different posture, a different setting, and a little ambiance, and Keith is about to piss himself before he even gets to the bus.

Their stupidity entertains me sometimes, if nothing else.

Selim kept his stream going hard and steady as Kelly flushed and moved away from the urinal. Cory approached it.

“Jesus,” he murmured. “You really had to go.”

Selim smiled. “I can hold it for a really long time.”

“You normally hold it this long?” Cory asked, one eyebrow raised. He snorted. “That can't be good for you.”

With Cory gone and nobody there to directly see him squirm (or mock him for doing it), Keith's legs began to move up and down. He sucked his lower lip for a moment and leaned in. His lip came out of his mouth, but he stayed leaned forward.

I didn't think the boy would actually lose control, but the longer this goes on... Selim smiled inwardly. If you're this sensitive, you should have known better than to hold it so long.

Selim let his stream turn into a trickle and then into short bursts. His goal was to finish at just about the same time as Cory, without making obvious his water was unlimited.

Keith went from foot to foot, clutching himself through his pockets while he waited. Selim wanted to see it get worse, to see him cry and to see him even beg for them to hurry, but it looked as if it had reached it's peak for the time being.

The moment Cory began to re-cover himself, Keith dropped his bag on the floor and approached. He was only a few steps behind him when Cory flushed and stepped away.

It seemed like Keith's urge had gotten marginally worse the moment he'd seen Cory begin to finish. He had one hand in his pocket now, but the whole thing was clearly clutching his groin. He moved from foot to foot in an erratic pattern, making it clear every microsecond mattered at this point.

Come on. Selim thought. Just piss yourself. At this point that would be slightly less degrading than all the things you've done to prevent it.

The boy rushed up to the urinal and yanked his shorts down. Within a second there was a quick splatter of piss in the water below, and a few seconds a later, his stream started, much like Selim's at first, but it quickly accelerated into an explosion.

How... undignified. Selim thought, with a mixture of deep fascination and disgust for humanity.

How undignified, but how... interesting, too.

*004*2018-06-13 21:16

Thanks a lot for the feedback!

