Make The Time (IdentityV Fanfiction)

Author: mandible63

*000*2025-09-26 18:58

There just aren’t enough hours in a day to do everything that needs to be done. Every morning Norton woke up before the sun. He had one cup of coffee on his way to work, then two at work before he started his shift. The 30 minute lunch break was to catch up on whatever sleep he missed at night. Any other small break he got was used exclusively to get as much water in his body as he could. Manual labor did require proper hydration. He finished every day strong, if not a bit pressed for time.

Norton wasn’t allotted enough breaks to do all of that and also take care of personal needs. Naturally, after a full shift, Norton always left work needing to piss like a racehorse.

It was just the routine he’d fallen into, and it hadn’t been an issue yet. Bathroom lines were always long at work, and he would rather use his down time to relax a little than anxiously wait his turn. He could put it off until he was home. Sometimes it was uncomfortable, but nothing too terrible. He wouldn’t do it day after day if he came close to pissing himself normally.

He normally didn’t even come close. But Norton didn’t consider that his new boyfriend, who already had a key to his shithole apartment, might stop by outside of schedule just to make the day a little less normal.

Of course, when Norton stepped into that dark, cramped little space he called home, kicked off his shoes and hung up his hat, he walked into the bedroom to grab a change of clothes and found Aesop perched on the edge of his mattress, staring intensely at the few shirt buttons Norton had already undone, more than ready to disrupt Norton’s normal.

Ravenous. That word flashed through Norton’s mind more than once as Aesop reached for him, wrapped his arms around his shoulders, mumbled a half-hearted question about how Norton’s shift went, all before guiding Norton down onto the bed. Instinct moved Norton into their usual position - him on his back and Aesop straddling one of his knees, pulling himself up onto Norton’s chest. Norton sucked in a sharp breath as Aesop’s weight fell against him. His lower gut, in particular.

“I have to piss,” Norton said right away, sitting up on his elbows, ready to rush to the bathroom once Aesop rolled off of him. He didn’t even take the time to answer Aesop’s question. This was much more pressing.

“Hang on,” Aesop mumbled, not leaving yet. He shifted, making Norton clench his pelvic muscles as a precaution. With a grunt, Aesop lifted his hand to his face, unhooking one loop of his mask from his ear and letting it hang off the other side of his head. “Here, kiss me.”

Norton’s groin tingled in protest (or was it excitement?) but he craned his head down anyway, ignoring even the awkward twist in his neck as he smashed his lips against Aesop’s.

Norton knew Aesop was probably tasting all of the dirt and sweat he’d acquired during the shift. He tried not to be too embarrassed about it. Aesop seemed to enjoy the complex flavors of a hardworking man. He grabbed at Norton’s chest, groping the swell of it through his shirt, which itself was slightly damp with sweat. They stayed in the kiss, shallow breathing leaking out until they both let their mouths hang open, tongues meeting in the middle. Norton felt his body quickly rising in temperature. For a moment, he forgot why he was trying to get up at all.

When Aesop shuffled up from Norton’s knee to his thigh, forcing his legs to part further, Norton managed to remember. The pressure was only getting more intense, and with Aesop both on top of him and keeping his legs open, Norton was on track to make a mess.

His hips shuddered, pushing down and searching for something to press against, something to help ease the feeling of urgency. Luckily Aesop was there, quickly moving his own leg further in, offering his knee to Norton’s cunt. Norton gladly accepted, shoving himself onto Aesop’s knee with a gasp.

It helped relax the feeling for a moment. Somehow the additional pressure made Norton confident he could hold it a little longer. So, breathing heavy, he sucked Aesop’s tongue into his mouth, trapping it there as he ran circles around it with his own. Aesop hummed his approval, giving Norton’s chest a firm squeeze as he nudged his knee up into Norton’s groin, mistaking his boyfriend’s desperate movements for arousal.

It wasn’t like it didn’t feel good. At some point the need to pee and the blood rushing to Norton’s clit all kind of mixed together into the same sort of tense, hot, needy feeling that kept him clenching his thighs around Aesop each time he pressed his leg extra tight against Norton. The two feelings grew together, indistinguishable from one another.

Norton started to whine into the kiss, giving up on working Aesop’s tongue and instead letting Aesop lap at his as much as he pleased. His nipples were firm against the fabric of his shirt, trying to get Aesop’s attention, though he preferred to grab at the softer flesh instead. Down between his legs, Norton was faintly aware of the sticky wetness that was gathering in his underwear, fabric rubbing against him as Aesop repeated the motion with his knee.

It wasn’t until Aesop repositioned himself - shifting so he could get some friction too, replacing his knee with his hips and sitting directly on Norton’s groin - did the distinction between his two different desperations become obvious again.

Norton yelped, pulling out of the kiss before he accidentally bit Aesop’s tongue. He clenched his legs as far together as he could manage with Aesop on top of him, hand shooting down and working its way between where he and Aesop connected. Norton grabbed at himself, pressing his fingers into place as best as he could with the angle and with the fabric of his work pants being as inflexible as it was. “Oh, fuck,” Norton nearly choked out. The tingle had become unbearable. “I need to piss,” he repeated from earlier, looking at Aesop with a knit and sweaty brow.

Aesop’s eyes were glued to where Norton’s hand disappeared. He hadn’t moved it yet, scared he would leak if he did. Then, slowly, Aesop trailed his gaze up Norton’s chest and onto his face, flushed and tense. Something flickered across Aesop’s features, an expression quickly hidden away once again. But Norton was watching, and he saw just enough of it to know what Aesop was feeling.

Ravenous.

“Can’t you hold it?” Aesop asked, voice as even as it ever was. Even so, Norton got the sense that asking the question gave him a sort of thrill.

“I mean…” Slowly, Norton released his grip on himself. The wave had passed, but he still absolutely needed to go. “Not for much longer, I think.” His face grew even hotter as he admitted the answer. “I didn’t go once at work.” Now he was trying to defend himself, trying to prove that he wasn’t on the brink of pissing himself for nothing.

Aesop nodded once. “Not for much longer,” he repeated quietly, reaching down and gently holding onto Norton’s arm, guiding his hand away from himself. “Well we won’t be here all day, you know.” Aesop’s fingers dragged down Norton’s chest, the touch growing lighter and lighter as it neared his groin. “I missed you so much today. Let’s kiss just a little more.” Over Norton’s bladder now, Aesop’s touch was just a gentle brush.

Norton shivered at the contact, taking a deep breath. If he was sensible, he would insist on getting up now to avoid an accident. But Aesop had this way about him, this thing in his voice that made Norton not want to deny him such a simple request. And truth be told Norton missed Aesop too and wished that there wasn’t a force in the world that would tear them apart. Sadly, one such force was pressuring them right then and there. Especially pressuring Norton. “Just a little more,” he mumbled. Honestly if these weren’t his only pair of sheets, Norton wouldn’t even mind pissing all over them if it made Aesop happy.

Carefully this time, Aesop leaned over Norton, connecting their lips once again, less intense now. Norton closed his eyes, doing his best to focus his attention on Aesop’s body instead of his own.

It was a completely wasted effort. Norton’s legs kept trying to snap shut, unable to apply any meaningful pressure to his groin with Aesop in the position he was. Each time he failed to squeeze his thighs, Norton let out a soft whine, hips pushing up, grateful to find Aesop still available to use. As Norton’s bladder continued to fill, his desperate movements only continued with more frequency. He was pushing up into Aesop repeatedly now, in a rhythm, humping him through both sets of clothes. Aesop’s breath picked up then too, hot against Norton’s face as they continued their kiss.

Again, arousal helped to mask Norton’s urgency at first. Still, it wasn’t long at all before Norton was all but writhing on the bed, hips held upwards, tight against Aesop as they could be, thighs trembling on either side of him. The kiss was sloppy now. Norton hadn’t closed his mouth once, too focused on holding in his piss to think about it, and now he was starting to drool as a result. Aesop didn’t mind. He wiped Norton’s chin with his thumb, that same hand sneaking its way between their bodies and resting on Norton’s abdomen.

That was almost enough to make Norton lose it. “I have to pee,” he said frantically, jerking his head back away from Aesop so he could speak. Unsure what good his hands would do now, Norton just clutched the bedsheets. He could feel it all about to spill out of him, about to soak his pants and the bed and Aesop, who had yet to get off of him. “I-I have to pee,” Norton said again, sounding like he was begging now.

This was bad. This was really bad and it felt like it was quickly getting so much worse. Again, he tried to close his legs, and Aesop’s body prevented it. Norton’s mind was racing. Even if Aesop got up right now and Norton popped right up and sprinted to the bathroom, he wouldn’t make it. He would wet himself the moment he stood up, he knew it. The puddle would just be on the floor instead of on the bed, which wasn’t really any better.

A strange, almost sick feeling came over him as Norton realized that no matter what he did now, he was going to piss his pants. He waited too long, indulged Aesop too much, and now he couldn’t hold back his needs any longer. The wetness in his underwear was suddenly teasing him, trying to coax him into soaking himself completely.

“Aesop.” Norton’s eyes went wide as he felt his muscles spasm, a hot, short stream of piss involuntarily leaving him for not even a second. His underwear absorbed it all, held it against his aching clit. “Aesop,” he whined, too desperate to think of anything better to say, “I’m going to…I need to…I…” Norton was too embarrassed to say anything beyond that.

Luckily, he didn’t have to. Aesop understood what Norton was trying to say, though not really the finality of it. Surely they still had a little more time to avoid a mess.

Aesop finally lifted himself off of Norton’s body, his own hand flying down between Norton’s legs and cupping his crotch, fingers pressing in as deep as they could reach against the fabric of his pants. He had to feel the wet spot, had to know that Norton already started to lose control.

“Let’s get up,” Aesop said, monotone voice dipping just slightly into being gentle. “Come on, I’ll help.” As if to prove himself, Aesop flexed his fingers slightly against Norton’s crotch - against the wet patch. “You can pee now.”

The words were meant to give Norton the motivation to get up and make it to the bathroom. But Aesop didn’t seem to understand that it was already too late. Norton was staring at the ceiling, biting his lip to try to keep himself from leaking again, especially now that Aesop had his hand there. When Aesop said that final phrase, it didn’t hit Norton’s ears as an urge for him to find a toilet, but instead as being given the permission that he had been denied since the beginning of his day.

Norton burst. He slapped a hand over his mouth to keep from being too loud about it. But he was doing it all - whining, whimpering, moaning, and of course wetting himself uncontrollably. Again, his piss came out with a force, splashing against his underwear until they were saturated, then overflowing into his pants, which turned a whole shade darker as that fabric also filled completely.

He could hear it hissing out of him. Norton knew that he couldn’t stop it if he tried. “I’m going,” he said helplessly, words muffled by his palm. “Oh fuck. Oh my fucking…oh, shit.” It was good. All of the discomfort brought on by holding it was evenly matched by the absolute relief that was here now.

His piss drenched his pants, leaking out of the fabric in seconds and pooling under his ass. The cheap sheets didn’t soak up liquid as readily as his clothing did. The puddle built up under him, spreading down the bed, getting on Aesop’s knees in the process. Not that it mattered. Aesop still had his hand tight against Norton’s crotch, feeling everything come out against his fingers.

Aesop didn’t say a word one way or the other. But he stayed in place, kept touching Norton even as it became more than obvious that this was a lost cause, that a bathroom was not an option anymore. Still pissing at full force, Norton bucked his hips up against Aesop’s hand, frantic now, more so than he’d been when he was still trying to hold everything in. Now he needed to cum.

“Sorry,” Norton panted into his hand, the other one going down and gripping Aesop’s wrist, keeping him in place, making him feel the mess he was responsible for. “Fuck, I’m sorry.” Norton didn’t say another word as he furiously thrust himself against Aesop’s fingers, wet clothing squishing against his cunt, piss mixing with discharge in a way that was oddly pleasant.

They could both hear how wet Norton had made everything. As Norton humped Aesop’s fingers, his clothes and the sheets both squelched, releasing dribbles of piss onto Aesop’s knuckles as Norton kneaded the fabric with his movements.

He only needed Aesop’s hand for less than a minute. His body was moving at a speed he didn’t know it could, breath shaking his chest and head swimming with all different kinds of need.

At one point Aesop pushed a finger forward, a little ahead of the others so it could press a seam on Norton’s pants up further against his clit. Norton came suddenly, feeling as though he burst a second time. He arched his back, body tensing all over, face scrunching with effort before releasing with a loud, drawn out grunt of satisfaction. Just like that, he was done.

Norton fell limp into his piss-stained bed, dazed by his own euphoria. He struggled to catch his breath, blinking a few times to clear a few leftover embarrassed tears from his eyes. He let go of Aesop, resting his hand on his stomach instead and feeling how relief settled comfortably right there.

Once he was sure Norton was done, Aesop slowly drew his hand back, studying the wetness on his fingers. He pressed his fingertips together, then pulled them apart. Then, Aesop looked down at the filthy sheets - at his pants which had fallen victim to the whole thing. There wasn’t a hint of disgust or even shock on his face. Just an honest fascination. Aesop reached down to press his palm into the mattress, watching it release the few drops of pee that were just too much to absorb fully.

“Sorry,” Norton apologized again, although he laughed breathlessly as he said it. He shifted his legs, sighing at his warm, wet pants and the puddle left under him. “I really had to piss.”

