What happened to the toilet?

Author: Mrgala21

*000*2018-07-26 07:48

Michelle was usually not the type of girl to wake up out of her sleep for any reason. But here she was brushing the sleep out of her eyes at 5 a.m. See, Michelle had broke her habit of staying asleep for very long periods at a time and gotten out of bed at this hour for one reason. She had to use the bathroom. Check that, she really really REALLY had to use the bathroom. Michelle sprinted down the hallway with her hands dug into the front of her white thong. Unfortunately for the 19 year old, her hands did little to stop the steady leak of pee coming out of her and starting to flow down her long legs.

She made it to the bathroom, pulled down her thong as she bounced up and down, and then sat down and fully released the large amount of pent up pee that was inside of her. As Michelle enjoyed the glorious relief and let out a long sigh of both pleasure and satisfaction she heard her stomach rumble. A very loud and long-lasting fart immediately followed that and Michelle accepted the reality that she was going to be on the toilet longer than she expected as she had to poop.

After a solid five minutes Michelle was still pushing and going. Michelle could not believe the sheer amount of the bowel movement she was having. After all, Michelle was on the small size for her age. Not necessary skinny but petite. But it did make sense if she thought about it. Michelle had been holding in that poop for the entire day prior. She was at school all day, then went to work for the rest of the day so she just went to bed when she had gotten back from work at night. The urge had hit her throughout the day but she could never find a good time to go. After a few more minutes and a few more pushes, Michelle was done and stood up after filling the toilet with a healthy amount of toilet paper on top of the contents that were already in there. Michelle flushed the toilet, washed her hands, and turned to go back to her inviting bed when she realized something didn't sound right with the toilet. It had completely ceased to make the sound that a toilet makes when it flushes.

Its a very distinct sound and it simply was not being produced. Michelle turned around to see the toilet water at the very brim of the toilet's edge. Michelle walked over and tried to flush it again. Absolutely no movement. This was panic time. Michelle had clogged the toilet it seemed. She didn't know what to do. On on hand ,at least it wasn't overflowing onto the floor. "God that would be gross" Michelle though to herself. On the other hand. this was actually the only toilet in the modest house she shared with her mother and 18 year old sister. But the reality of the situation was that Michelle was not a Plummer and they did not own a toilet plunger for some reason so there was nothing that could be done at 5 in the morning anyway. Michelle was honestly still half asleep too so she simply left the toilet in its current condition and went back to the safety of her nice warm bed.

...

Kelly woke up at 9:25 which was around the usual time that she woke up on a Saturday. She lounged around in her bed checking her phone until she was forced to get up and start her day by her aching bladder. Kelly had crossed her legs enough under the covers and that wasn't helping anymore. She quickly put a tee shirt and black panties on as she sleeps naked. Kelly really hoped one of her daughters was not in the bathroom as she was actually quite in need of relief. But instead the first thing she lays her eyes on in the bathroom is the toilet with dirty used toilet water right at the brim. Kelly knows she could not add another drop of pee to that toilet if she wanted too without it overfilling onto the floor completely.

Besides being utterly confused as to what happened and which one of her daughters was responsible for this mess in the toilet, Kelly was also desperate. She was actually leaking in fact. Kelly's legs rubbed against eachother as she marched in spot. Kelly's hands grasped her crotch for dear life. She really did have a habit of waiting too long after she woke up to finally go pee. And now she could not even go in the one toilet in her house. Kelly was on the verge of tears due to the pain in her bladder. She had to think fast. And she did just that. She immediately walked over to the bathtub and pulled down her panties. This wasn't proper and she had to fix this toilet ASAP but right now she needed to pee. A powerful stream of pee fly's out of her the second after she squatted over the bathtub and Kelly puts her head back in sweet relief.

"Mom, what the hell are you doing?"

Kelly is taken out of her bliss by the voice of her 18 year old daughter, Marissa. Kelly looks to the doorway to see Marissa staring at her with both a look of confusion and awe. Kelley quickly stops her stream and pulls her panties back up. She immediately has to resort to the classic pee dance in order to stop the large amount of pee still left in here from coming out. The little bit of relief she just experienced did nothing but make her need extremely more urgent.

"umm, baby Im sorry you had to see that but did you clog the toilet like this?" Kelly points to the toilet and Marissa comes over to it and immediately lets out a loud sigh of frustration. Kelly cant help but notice that she is obviously not the only one in need of the toilet here. Marissa has been crossing and recrossing her legs ever since she first saw her.

"What the hell? No I didn't. Stupid Michelle probably did last night then cause it was fine when I went to sleep."

"Well I don't know what happened to it and I need to go pee so bad so thats why I was peeing in the bathtub" Kelly tells her daughter who looks like she is in absolute pain. Kelly follows that statement by asking her obviously distressed daughter is she was alright.

"No mom, I seriously need to go to the bathroom" Marissa says while grabbing onto the sink and bending over with sweat forming on her forehead. Marissa is then unable to hold in a fart that escapes her tightly clenched butt cheeks. Her reddish-blonde hair is tied into a ponytail and it bounces as she bounces. Unlike her sister, Marissa was not small for her age and had a very shapely figure. Marissa is wearing only a pink tee shirt and very tight gray short shorts. No panties which means she is scared of any type of accident being very noticeable. And not just a pee accident. She has to pee very badly yes but Marissa never ever remembers having to go poop this badly. She hadn't gone in a few days and apparently it hit her at once. She had tears forming in her eyes already. This couldn't be happening to her. Why did the toilet have to be clogged at this moment?

"baby, Im serious. Are you ok" Kelly asks while doing her own potty dance. Right now though her motherly instincts start to kick in as she is seeing her daughter like this.

"No mom like Im not ok." Another fart escapes Marissa. This one feeling and sounding very wet. On top of that, a leak sprung and left a bit of wetness on the crotch of her gray shorts before she is able to stop it. "I just woke up and I need to go to the bathroom so freakin bad"

"I know I do too" Kelly says while moving closer to Marissa and putting an arm around her as if that was going to comfort her at a time like this. "Do you umm need to do more than just pee?" Kelly's face went red just asking the question so she could only imagine the embarrassment her 18 year old daughter felt.

Marissa's face indeed went very red as she managed a weak little "Yes i do" before letting out another fart and squatting down completely holding her herself. Kelly thought she had to go bad until she saw how desperate her daughter looked.

"Look, how about I drive up to the gas station and we can go there" Kelly tells her daughter. "Then when we get back we can yell at your sister for doing this all we want."

"Just drive fast ok?" was the only thing Marissa could say. She was already so embarrassed and she really did not really think she could withstand a car ride at this moment but what other choice did she have?

...

"One more street baby and then we will be there" Kelly told her daughter in a reassuring tone. Well, as reassuring as a 43 year old women who was slowly peeing herself one leak at a time could sound that is. Yes, since they had left the house and started driving her need had severely worsened but nothing compared to her poor daughters. There was a very noticeable wet spot on her daughters shorts. Her daughter was also bouncing up and down in her seat and had resorted to sitting on her heels. She noticed that Marissa couldn't seem to decide if she should hold her crotch or her butt either. As she turned the corner of the last street before they arrived at sweet relief Kelly saw something that sent a chill running down her spine and a squirt into her panties. It was a train with a long line of cars waiting for it.

"Omg theres a train now!" Marissa cant help but to voice her disappointment as well as let out another fart that results in further damage to her poor gray shorts that are a much darker gray than what they started out as.

"I know baby but look theres a lot of cars here so that means its been going for a while. Maybe its almost done" Kelly barely believes her own words as she brings the car to a stop in the line.

"Mom please turn around I really cant hold it anymore like its coming out"

"Mine is to baby. Remember you caught me peeing? I really should have just finished but Im still holding it and taking you to the gas station."

I know mom thanks but I really cant hold this anymore." Marissa says while starting to tear up and lose her breath as she starts to cry due to a mixture of how badly she needs relief and also now knowing that she isn't getting that relief anytime soon.

"You can do it baby. Its ok dont cry."

"Mom it hurts so bad. Like my stomach feels like its going to explode."

"This stupid train will be over soon just hold on for me ok baby?" Kelly tells her daughter while she herself is perched on the edge of her seat holding herself with both of her hands.

"I cant. I need to go right now mom" Marissa says while desperately grinding her butt into the car seat. "Can you please please turn around and go anywhere else?"

"Baby you know theres nowhere else close. We are better off waiting this train out."

Just then, Marissa loses the battle that she was destined to lose since the moment she woke up and felt both her bladder and bowels inform her that they needed to be emptied. It started with a torrent of pee flowing out of her that simply could not be stopped by any means necessary. Next, a barrage of farts escaped from Marissa's tightly clenched butt. Tears rolled down the 18 year old's cheek as she felt her butt grow mushy and sticky with the contents of her bowls. It didn't take long for both her pee and poop start to overfill her shorts and escape onto her long legs and the carseat below her. Marissa was 18 years old and currently pooping and pissing her pants. In front of her mother for that matter.

But Marissa was not alone in her embarrassment. The sight and sounds of her daughter had sent Kelly into a panic and she was simply not able to hold any pee in anymore. The rest of her bladder emptied itself into Kelly's panties and soon into the red pair of yoga pants that she wore.

There was absolutely no hiding this for either of them.

...

Open to writing another part to this. Please leave any suggestions and feedback that you may have.

